3	Food is ok. Pad Thai is sub-par. The happy hour is very cool baby suburban around this joint. It's attached to Chandler Fashion Center, so it's busy pretty much all of the time. happy hour specials are just ok, specialty drinks are pretty expensive with little taste and even less alcohol.plus, i loathe happy hours that you can only enjoy in the "bar" area. the patio is the spot for HH, and it's LOUD. not just with vapid chatter, but with the constant scraping of meatl chairs on the concrete. it sounds like i'm being picky, but it's one of those sounds that makes your skin crawl and just kills your mood instantly - over and over and over.anyway, if you're a big time up-and-comer and want everyone to know, this is the place for you.
4	It's similiar to Roy's~ but less seafood-inspired. They have sushi a la carte and a wealth of "fusion" appetizers and entrees.  Calamari and albacore tataki appetizers were both good.  Entrees range from seafood to meat to noodles/pasta. I recommend the Macademia nut chicken...it's a specialty. And the linguine was alright...not bad at all.  Creme brulee was delicious...I'm normally not a fan but the passionfruit makes all the difference. I didn't try the fudge brownie cuz by that time I couldn't breathe, and it looked way too rich.
3	I enjoy the sushi and the atmosphere at Kona Grill.  The pizza's pretty good too, despite its west-coast style.  I really like the fish tanks and the indoor/outdoor area.  A wonderful date-place.
3	Happy hour is really the only reason worth frequenting Kona Grill.  Calimari, the various sushi rolls, the pizzas, and other random goodies all fall under this glorious happy hour menu.  The only downside is that it's filled with business professionals, frat boys, cougars, and $30k millionaires all vying for a spot on the patio.  It's a good thing sake bombs are on the happy hour menu or else I don't think I'd have any other way of tolerating the less-than-savory crowd.  Don't even get me started on the waiters that show up only about once or twice your entire time there.
5	I love this restaurant.  I really enjoy the reverse happy hour from 10pm-12am after I see a movie.  The appetizers are 1/2 price and they have some really good drink specials- better if you are a lady.   l like sitting out of the patio and relaxing.The sushi rolls are good.  So are the avocado eggrolls.Before I was a vegetarian the only thing I would order was the macademia crusted chicken with mashed potatoes and a creamy soy sauce.
4	Seriously, their happy hour prices can't be beat.  A beer, a spicy tuna roll, calamari and avocado egg roll for under $20 including tip.  Service was attentive and friendly.  We had to lurk around the bar area for awhile to get a table, but that only speaks to how popular this place is.  If you are looking for an inexpensive dinner out that doesn't involve Denny's or Olive Garden this is a great choice.
4	Really really really strong Margaritas! The happy hour menu makes everything really cheap, and the food at night is great. I got the calamari...and it comes with this wonderful wasabi-cream sauce...YUM!The only issue I would say, is that it stops serving at 11pm. With that great of a bar, it should stay open a little later.
3	I usually order from the happy hour menu.  My favorites are the spicy tuna roll and the yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno.  The fish has been super fresh every time I went.  The prices are decent, especially with the happy hour discount.  Not much to say about the decor.  The inside seating is comfortable and not as tacky as typical mall joints.  The patio is always packed so go early on busy nights.
5	Interior: 10/10, Food: 9/10, Service: 9/10.I lived in Hawai'i for a few years and miss the Asian inspired Pacific style dishes. Like fellow Yelper, Jennifer, mentioned, Kona is very similar to Roy's.The huge fish tanks and interior of this place is very nice.The food is awesome! I'm addicted and could eat here every day.  I only wish the portions were a bit larger.Would I go back? Every time I have a chance.
5	I miss my place of good sushi and my favorite avocado rolls, as well as great happy hour fun. Lots of sexy people to look at too!!
3	I would give the food four stars if it was not so over priced. The vegas roll and the poke are yummy. The atmosphere is really nice - big clean fish tanks everywhere, roomy tables, and pleasant wait staff. If you are a sushi connoisseur, you will probably be slightly disappointed.  But if you just go in knowing you are going to pay too much for small portions of yummy food at a mall, you will be happy.
4	I went with a small group of friends over the weekend for lunch. I had the chicken Caesar salad and it was good. Some of my friends had sushi or sandwiches and everyone was happy with their meals.
4	Bama rolls are very good.  Also try the Volcano it is awesome.  The macadamia nut chicken is superb.  Service is always good.
3	(only 3 stars cause' I only been here once)I went here quite awhile ago with some coworkers. The coworkers were two very pretty young ladies, and the waiter was your definition of a 'ladies man', but surprisingly, I still received just as good of service as the gals. I'll make the disclaimer that I don't frequent really nice restaurants like this. You'll find me in a Chinese food buffet more than a place like this. So maybe that's why I enjoyed the ambiance of this place so much. It is quite stylish inside to say the least. Low lights, modern designs, sleek furnishings... This is a bonafide date place. It screams "Your girl will likey likey". Its got that 'in scene' type of feel that I've always dreamed of being a part of, but I'm just too lame to fit into:) Anyway, none of that means anything if the food isn't good. Can't remember what everyone ordered, but I got a burger...dummy! Why would you order such a pedestrian meal at this kind of place?! To make it worse, the burger was very unspectacular. And in my simpleton way of thinking, if you can't get a simple burger right, I have no business trying any of your more ambitious offerings. However, that concept was thrown out the window when one of my coworkers let me taste her sushi stuff. It was AWESOME!!! The taste and freshness were fighting over which would win me over. They both won, cause the taste of whatever that roll was called was something new and exciting for my taste buds, while the freshness of the ingredients was something that just made me smile. I ended up finishing her meal off for her, and vowed that I would be back to order it myself. My other coworker had some type of salad, which was looking rather appetizing. All in all, I think you just have to order the right things...which I guess is the case at any restaurant. As for the service, it was good. The guy managed to flirt his face off with the girls, and provide attentive and prompt service at the same time. Maybe they actually have training for that when you first start here...seems like the place was full of gorgeous girls, so I guess male waiters need to know how to handle themselves. The price? Well, this is a really nice place, so expect to pay a little more. Still, I don't remember being to p'ed off with my bill for the burger and a drink. Decent Chandler type prices, I guess. So yeah, if you got a girl, take her here and be wary of the trained male waiters. Order some of the nicer things on the menu, not a stupid burger. And for us guys who like to wear jeans and a t-shirt, you can do so here...just make sure its a decent t-shirt, one without the set in stains. And bring at least 20 bucks...trust me.
3	I've been 2 times here and both had a good ending. I enjoy what I order, which is mainly sushi and some of their pasta dishes. Good service and nice environment.
4	The freshest place I'd been to in AZ...not that it says much since I've only been to 3 but I love sushi and this place is up there.  I ordered my staples: seaweed salad, spider roll and salmon skin rolls.  Way yum...But it's not just the food, the ambience is terrific.  The decor is trendy, music was great and they had an outdoor patio area.  I went back there a few days later and sat at the sushi bar.  We tried this fantastic roll, I think it was the calamari crunch roll that they used cucumber instead of seaweed, wow it was fantastic and very refreshing especially since it'd been in the triple digits that day.  One interesting fact, people don't sit at the sushi bar.  My friend and I were the only ones at the bar for our entire meal.  It was fine by us but I'm used to seeing it full in other restaurants.The sushi chef was great, very friendly and even pointed us to a great country dive bar called Tom Ryan's where I tried to two step very unsuccessfully.  I'll write a review on them also (but I won't rate my own dancing!).
3	Kona Grill has two different atmospheres: Inside, it is a classy, yet casual, relaxing place to have great food. Outside on the patio or in the bar, it is a great place for socializing during their great happy hour. The location is great, right in the mall. And their service is very good. I had their goat cheese pizza and it was marvelous. Their sushi, not so good, but decent when you're looking for $3 rolls for happy hour. I recommend Kona Grill if you're looking to socialize at their bar with friends, or looking to relax in a booth after a long day of shopping.
4	Kona gets four stars because of their stellar (haven't heard that word in a while, have you) happy hour and for their Las Vegas roll.  I know it's not "real sushi" and all that other crap but I like it for these two reasons and that's enough.   $3 rolls and cheap margaritas make me happy.  (Well that and we have some stock in Kona - kidding!  That doesn't influence my opinion in them at all.)
5	I really enjoy this place, and for a few reasons. 1) A great Happy Hour, and 2) some really good fusion food.They have a huge bar, a huge area for seating, and a decent size sushi bar.  I've eaten at all three areas and the service has been consistent.  There are a lot of standouts on the menu so you can get whatever you like and expect good food.  I've had excellent sushi and a noodle/beef stir fry that was out of this world.This is not fine dining but I'd go here again in a minute.  The decor is nuevo Japanese (if there is such a thing).  The hostesses and the waitresses are smoking hot.  I woulda loved to have them feed me the food, nothing like being pampered (damn, time to wake up).
3	Me and a few teammates came for a team lunch today. The service was very good  the waitress kept the drinks full, which is very important. Most of us ordered from the "Perfect Pairings" menu, which brings two items for $8.95. I chose the spinach salad and the mac and cheese. They are smaller portions, but good for lunch.The spinach salad was very good - kiwi, strawberry, spinach, peacans and a balsamic dressing. Tasty! The mac and cheese was good, but possibly just a bit on cheese overload. Is that possible? Maybe so! I had to use a knife and fork on the top layer to separate the pasta from the cheesy goodness. A slight breaded crumbliness topping and it was delicious!
3	NOTE: This review is of the Chandler Fashion Mall Location.Not too terribly over priced for a mall restaurant. Ok selection of regular menu items and a fairly good selection of sushi. They also had a number of gluten free selections.I had the Jerk Chicken sandwich. Not bad, but nothing special.Lettuce, tomato, spicy mayo, jerk grilled chicken, and bun. It could have been served up at any of a few thousand eateries around the country. (as an interesting aside, I broke out in hives shortly after consuming this item - I have no idea why, as I don't have any known food allergies...)I also sampled the Ahi on Crispy Wonton and the Potstickers. The Potstickers were very tasty, but refused to hold together when trying to pick them up with fork or chopsticks.The Ahi on Crispy Wonton was fresh, firm, and tasteless. If the Ahi hadn't been drizzled with some wasabi sauce it might have been any flesh on any crispy substrate.The California rolls were average.The Philadelphia rolls needed better quality salmon.The White Pizza was eh. A bit overkill on the sun-dried tomatoes.The Coke was watered down.For me, this would not be a regular dining destination, however as a change of pace if you're already at the mall it's adequate.
3	The pros:* Great outdoor dining.* AMAZING happy hour pricing.* Hot waiters.  Seriously, they were everywhere, sexing up the place.There is only one con, but it's a big one.  The food is terrible.  The sushi--which is supposed to be their thing, right?--is inedible.  If you stick to regular bar food, though, this is a great spot for a night out.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food6 Service8 Atmosphere6 ValueException to the value score is an excellent happy hour.  Also, the pesto pasta is delicious, an exception to the food score.
2	The food and rolls on the happy hour menu are terrible, and the drinks are just OK. You have to sit in the bar area to get the happy hour prices, and it's always difficult to find somewhere to sit. I keep coming back here though, if I figure out why I'll update my review.
3	come here for two things: fish tacos and sake bombers. and then, only during happy hour.
4	Had a business dinner here last night, The Sweet Chili Salmon Salad is to die for!!! Nice atmoshpere. It's located at the mall in Chandler, AZ. I would only come back to have the Sweet Chili Salmon Salad only because I would be afraid to try anything else. When you are seated, they give you their standard menu, if you want sushi, you have to request for another menu. Their sushi was so-so. If I came back, I'd opt out of the sushi and dive in for the Sweet Chili Salmon Salad. If you are not into a lot of dressing, I'd suggest to request it on the side. It seemed like they put a little too much. Knocked a star because I wasn't too please with their Sushi selection.
4	If you can get a seat at happy hour than you are in luck, however as this place has become more trendy getting a seat is harder and harder. Nightly exec pt Sundays there is happy hour from 5-7 and 7-9M-T and 10-12 Fri and sat. I have been here many times, always for happy hour. The happy hour menu includes several drinks specials that include sake bombers, margaritas, girly martinis and light beer. The food side of happy hour is what makes me a fan. The avocado eggrolls are incredible if you like avocados. There are several gourmet pizzas, some non-raw fish sushi rolls, and other miscellaneous appetizers all at great prices. Inside next to the bar seating is one of the best fish tanks outside of an aquarium to be found. The biggest issue is the crowds making it hard to get a table or seat for happy hr or reverse happy hr. There is patio seating in a semi outdoor seating, which is unique and nice.
5	This place is awesome, hands down! You can not beat the happy hour/reverse happy hour specials, and there is always a ton of people there. The one downside is that happy hour specials are only served in the bar area or outside, but that doesn't bother me much, even if I do have to wait a litle while for a table. Their margaritas pack a punch and they make really great specialty drinks. Never had a bad experience here, and I love the location. Whenever we want to go somewhere for happy hour, kona grill is usually our first suggestion.
4	I forgot how much I like Kona, having gone to several throughout the valley especially for reverse happy hour in Scottsdale.  The patio at the Chandler location is really chill.Jalapeno yellowtail sushi and salmon wasabi sashimi are awesome from the Chef's menu... I'm so glad someone else ordered it during Happy Hour, cuz my cheap toosh probably wouldn't have.  Sooo good, will order those next time and eat it all for myself!
3	Continuing on my "kid free" weekend, it was Saturday evening and I decided to treat myself to a drink and watch the Dbacks game in the bar here.  The bar is nice and it has a nice patio which was busy but not overly crowded for a Saturday night.  The bar tender was right there ready to take my order.  I asked for the wine list and he presented it and gave me a minute to make my choice.  Ok, they could update the wine list a bit.  I know AZ has some fine local wines and, in my opinion, those should be on the menu as well as a few nice California wines.  Maybe I am just jaded because I am used to some of the finest California wines.  I just thought the list was lacking.  After a glass of wine, I decided to order some dinner.  I had the miso sake marinated sea bass.  It was delicious!!!  It was tender and flakey and had a wonderful flavor.  It was server with fried rice and veggies and both were good, the veggies nice and crisp.  I don't eat like this often so I enjoyed my sea bass and getting to relax watching a baseball game.  The bartender was attentive and asked several times if I needed anything.  I was good.....I had a nice adult beverage in an adult setting which is something I had not done in at least 7 years.  It may be another 7 years before it happens again but this was a great way to spend a "kid free" Saturday evening.
3	I wasn't expecting this restaurant to be so expensive. Went here yesterday with the boyfriend and his grandparents for his grandmothers birthday. The waitress was attentive and kind and there wasn't a wait for a table so there aren't any complaints there. The menu didn't really impress so I just ordered sushi and miso. His grandparents meals looked good and his grandma let me try the sauce her chicken came in and tasted great. They also ordered calamari for the table. It was very authentic calamari but the portion was pretty measly for an appetizer meant for a table. The spicy mayo sauce was to die for. The sushi was okay but not worth the price at all. If my boyfriend has to pay 22 bucks for two nigiri and one roll, I really want the sushi to wow me and don't want to just give him the rest of the rolls because I'm not satisfied. The miso soup was wonderful though.I think I wouldn't mind trying here again if I came during lunch or happy hour. The prices were just outrageous to me. I really don't mind spending a lot for a quality meal but this place simply didn't sell me.
4	I didn't go during happy hour...I knew I wouldn't be able to find seating.I went for lunch.Had fried calamari in a creamy spicy/zesty sauce which was surprisingly good.Entree: Pad thai.Its aright, a lil too soy saucey/ awkward teriyaki for my taste~*I give it a four stars for the calamari (look for it during happy hour. get there early at 3 PM)*~
4	My friends and I had a great time at Happy Hour last night! The drinks were good and the food was great. We had almost every appetizer on the menu and all of them were fantastic! The staff was a bit slow but very nice and friendly. The manager came over to our table and was quick to ask how everything was. All-in-all it was a great experience:)
3	We tried the lobster and asparagus roll which was good.The black cod was moist which is how I like my fish cooked. It was a tad salty though but I still finished it as the sauce or soupy liquid it came with was delish.  It was good that we at least tried the place. Nothing extra special to rave about though. Good customer service.
2	Seriously, I have always loved Kona Grill. I think the problem is not with all the Kona locations but just this one at the Chandler mall. We sat on the patio for happy hour and we could find very little happy. I have never been a server, as I know if I tried, it would be an epic fail. I really appreciate what they do and the good ones make it look so easy, even though I know it is a very demanding job. This night we were continually ignored to the point of given the finger several times. NO, not the middle one, the I will be right with you finger. When we did get the attention of our server, he seemed irritated he had to wait on us. I understand at happy hour they get busy but message to the management, hire more servers. People are desperately looking for jobs and what do you pay them, like $2.30 an hour? The good news was the food was fresh and arrived quickly (they had expediters). I am happy to report the kitchen staff seems to have their act together.
4	The blended Strawberry margarita with sugar on the rim is fantastic. AlsoEvery appetizer at happy hour is delish. Wished they had more variety though
1	Terrible service,rude staff, rude manager...will never,ever give kona grill my business. Waited over an hour for a table at happy hour, informed all staff we were waiting for table. Watched multiple times as other people stole tables that opened up. Staff and manager did not care and were rude.
4	Woo braddah! What a place to find myself while I'm here all week for business! From the cloth chihuly umbrellas hanging from the ceiling, pages of menu to some pretty original pacific fusion. First night here had the volcano and the lobster and ahi flat bread. That was it, sushi pizza, even in Hawaii, never had this combo done right. Seared tombo, langoustine usugiri avocado and tomatoes drizzles with yuzu aioli, piled on top of a fresh baked crispy flatbread... My mouth is broken, I can barely speak. Delicious. The Waitress was very friendly, she brought me a special sauce that she likes on the pizza, a spicy aioli. She might as well given me a bottle of "give me a giant tip" brainwash juice. Love it. I'm planning to come back for one more taste... If it's good as it just was, I'm gonna have to give it that last star.
2	I don't drink alcohol so I don't find the bar atmosphere appealing. I actually find the meat market vibe annoying. But they do a good job of keeping the bar and restaurant separate. Now, as for the food, I used to love their food. I have been to the san tan location as well as the scottsdale fashion square location. I have had their sea bass and famous macadamia nut chicken. It USED to be incredible. The sticky rice on the side was a delicious side dish.  I went to this location today and was dismayed with the entire experience. Something must have changed in the last year because, the service was slow, the food was bland and not nearly as good as it used to be. I am sad to say the sea bass, which used to be on my top ten list, was not as tender and needed a lot of salt.
2	Went with a group for work.  Initially I couldn't find it (it is actually IN the mall) and then had to circle around to find parking to avoid the $6 valet.  Food was ok.  I had the kimchi chicken (I don't eat much sea food), ordered largely because one of the sides was bok choi.  I was quite disappointed when brocolini was on my plate instead.  We tried the "salted caramel popcorn creme brulee."  It is as crazy as it sounds.  The caramel popcorn was very good, the creme brulee was more like a salty custard. The server was very polite.
2	I am not a fan of Kona Grill and it really baffles me as to why this place is always so packed. They do have a lot of items on their menu that sound great but I feel like the quality of the food is very hit or miss. The same with the service from the waitstaff in the dining area. The bartenders can definitely mix up some good cocktails and they have a great patio but the sushi they serve at Happy Hour is awful - not well prepared and tastes like it has been sitting out for a while. I guess out of the choices available nearby it is not a bad place in comparison. I would definitely rather go here than Cheescake Factory or that new Old Spaghetti Factory (horrible!) but there are a lot better places out there once you escape the confines of the mall.
1	First and last time going to this place. I got there at 12pm ordered a jerk chicken sandwich and a salad for my wife. At 12:40pm the manager comes and tells me its going to be a few minutes more. To which I replied "What" you mean to tell me it takes u 40 minutes to make a salad and a sandwich. And the place was not even full of people. Bad service do not recommend going there.
4	I am a fan of calamari and the dip sauce! Sashimi always good!The size of sushi quite big for one time bite. I though sushi should be smaller size. The taste always good!Always come back there for the happy hour :) Awsome!
4	I have been coming here since this place opened and I know they have been sold but they still do a great all around job. Great Happy Hour and good consistent food served for lunch and dinners. Happy Hour has great food and drinks specials and gets pretty busy on Thurs and Friday.A good spot to come if you are at the Fashion Square.
5	Had a great time at Kona last couple times I've gone so am updating my review. Service was very friendly, and got good feedback from waitress when I asked for suggestions. They have a new coconut Mojito that is to die for. There was no wait, we were served promptly and the food got to our table surprisingly fast. The food was really light, and healthy, veggies cooked just right. Seems like a great place for happy hour too. Good job Kona!
4	REVERSE HAPPY HOUR STARTS 9PM PEOPLE!!!! Very, very good happy hr prices.awesome place to go this time of night when you are looking to chill and have a few drinks...from mixed drinks, beer, sake..whatever your poison is I'm sure they have it.I just really like the atmosphere at night...the music, the indoor/outdoor bar/patio vibe they got going on here, t.v's..and the huge fish tank that serves as wall ,separating the dining area from the drunks-it all just works-plain and simple.oh yea and the menu is pretty decent too- sorry i get a little over excited about good drink prices..check it out peeps!
2	I come here almost every Tuesday as a Ritual for happy hours.   Kona grill has a awesome deal for their mediocre sushi for $3 and mediocre calamari for $4.  They also have a great deal on their sake bombs and their margaritas.Uusually every Tuesday without a question i am DD so i get to think about the quality of the food that is being put in my mouth for $3-4. I have had a lot better in California where i grew up but this is Arizona i do not expect the best sushi what so ever out here.  Which is slightly odd now that i think of it i have had some outstanding calamari in Lyons, Colorado of all places. I have never been a big calamari fan until our usual Tuesday Ritual. Only problem with calamari i have is the parts that look like a baby squid i just cannot force myself to eat it. I always give it to someone around me. So Kona grill... go there for happy hour for their prices!I am sure you are probably wondering as to why I am only giving them two stars out of maybe say 3 or 4.  It comes down to service or lack of.  Now when we started going we had the same bartender for a solid month or two. Then came another female bartender who was also very nice. If the owner is reading this i would love them to come back!!! I have a good friend whom is also a fellow foodie but probably doesn't think about food the same way i do.  Anyways that being said, She Used to come with us and sit at the bar and JUST EAT since 1. i am DD. 2. She is only 20.  So she just orders calamari and water. Nothing too scandalous given the fact that shes sitting at the bar and after 9pm.  Now i understand the rules as to asking for ID when anyone sits at the bar but honestly if they just order food and water i don't see it as a big deal.           Instead one day after months of my friend accompanying me with my boyfriend and friends,  just eating and drinking water we were ambushed practically by a boy scout of a bartender(i understand the rules but this guy is just ridiculous).  All we wanted was some calamari, he then cards my friend who is again 20. He tells us not only is she not allowed to sit at the bar but she is not allowed to sit by the other tables or the patio but the tables that were closed off on the complete other side of the wall because it was after 9pm.  I canceled my order of calamari payed for my boyfriends sake bomb which he had to finish quickly because i was livid and did NOT give him a tip and walked out. I did not give a rats a** that he works mostly off tips if that's the best customer service skills you have; then This Kona grill might have just lost a lot of money until they replace this guy which i hope to god they do because i miss my calamari nights!         What was extremely funny about the situation and why he was given the name "boyscout" is because not only is he like a cop wannabe but he really went and cried to the manager(not literally) that we come in every Tuesday and my friend comes with (underage) and EATS FOOD with me. (booohoooo) The manager then said (about the other bartenders) That is their choice(not to card etc. etc. etc.)(!!).If i ever step foot again in this establishment on a Tuesday night i will make sure he is not working otherwise i will say it to his face that i refuse to give boyscout's like him my hard earned money.
4	As always this place rocks, the new Thai beef salad is so good and spicy but the big huge surprise was the big island meatloaf.  If you like pig and beef mixed together with a crispy crust then get this piece of heaven.
4	So after writing my last review on kona,I had got in contact with the district manager by far is extremely helpful and apologetic for the previous incident. I find it helpful when managers apologize for their staff and not the staff thinking they run the show and call all the shots.  I am hoping that when we go on our usual Tuesday's the bartender has been moved to different days but if i happen to run into him again in the future i hope to god he calls for a manager before he tries to offer us a closed dim lit restaurant again for two people of a usual 4+ party.  IT just boggled my mind, because as many times as i have told the story everyone has said "WHAT? when you are at a bar you aren't allowed to sit at the bar but you are allowed to be behind your friend/parent whatever at another table behind or away from within a certain distance."  Anyhow the food is decent and i will definitely be returning for our happy hour Tuesday run as usual. =]
5	I've been going to this location for a long while now. I'm a huge fan of sushi and in the 7 years we've been going to this Kona we have never had a bad experience. My husband and I love the patio seating. It's great to just sit back, relax and have a nice afternoon lunch or casual dinner. If you are a fan of sushi I highly recommend that Dragon Roll.
2	The Scottsdale Kona Grill has always been a favorite of ours, so we were surprised by an unpleasant incident at the Chandler restaurant today.We approached the Hostess' desk at lunchtime and, although the hostess clearly saw us, she was unable to even greet us, because 2 or 3 very self-important managers were engaged in some sort of discussion, right there behind the desk. They went on and on, ignoring us, keeping us waiting for a remarkable amount of time, and making us feel as if we, and our business, were simply too unimportant to even notice. We very nearly left, thoroughly disgusted.Having told the hostess (who was clearly not at fault) that the incident had very nearly cost Kona Grill 2 customers, stuff obviously began to hit some fan. Our lunch was interrupted a number of times by managers, apologizing, but also trying to kiss up to us in ways that were excessive, intrusive and, finally, really just annoying.The food was excellent, as was our server, and we were given an unasked-for 25% discount on our bill, but the entire experience wrecked what was supposed to have been a quiet, easy-going, husband-and-wife treat, a special "date."  So we would caution others that the management of this particular Kona Grill is not at all up to the same standard as the restaurant in Scottsdale.
2	Quality of food has taken a beating. It used to be so good - I'm talking about the Macadamia nut chicken. We probably won't go back.
4	Def. recommend only going here during happy hour. GREAT happy hour pricing. Unless you have a lot of extra cash you can burn (lucky you)! :)I am inbetween a 3-4 Stars for Kona Grill in general. Every experience I've had at Kona is different, some better than others. For this specific Kona Grill at the Chandler Mall, 4 stars. When we all went, the bar area which was packed and extremelyyy loud. Usually I love to sit at the bar but we all didnt want to have a yelling conversation the entire night so we moved into the restaurant area, much quieter but still busy. Service - our server was awesome. She was super friendly, attentive, very helpful, and extremely honest about what to order, -  what's best, and what to order to get your money's worth. Food - Great food! I was happy with most everything we ordered (sushi rolls).  The Firey Shrimp Tempura roll was almost tastless and wasnt spicy, but other than that - awesome! :)P.S. Sign up for their email club -you will get a coupon for a free appetizer OR sushi roll (up to $10) - great deal! Sign up a couple days before you plan to go, it takes a while to get to your inbox. :)
4	SERIOUSLY, the best happy hour prices I have ever seen. I've been here 3 times and my bill is always around $20. Always packed, food is perfect and always a cool vibe. Dont know about the regular menu during lunch or dinner, but Happy Hour RULES!!!!!
3	I have been here twice and it was good but not my favorite. This last time I went with my sister in law for sushi and drinks. My daughter also joined us on this girls night out. Her mac N Cheese was delicous! (I might order that for myself next time.. 5 stars for the mac n cheese... lol). The sushi was good but not the best. I am a HUGE sushi fan so I was kind of sad over the experience. The spicy dishes were the best ones! Go spicy or go home! The not spicy one.. I think it was Korean something or other was gross. My sister in law and I both had a Hibiscus margarita and they were good.. VERY SWEET! They also were really expensive :/ This place is not good enough for the price I dont think but it was a nice experience. Id got back for the Mac n Cheese :)
4	Sorry Kona Grill, we used to have a decent relationship.  My fiancee and I used to hit up KG for happy hour and easy "you know what you're getting" sushi.  HOWEVER, I am writing on behalf of my mom and step-dad who both got poisoning from the Chandler Mall KG.  Within a few hours of eating there, they both fell really sick (I'll spare you the details).  My mom called that night to let the manger know and just see if he could look into it.  They weren't asking for their money back, or any kind of compensation at all.  The manager said he would look into it and call her back.  The next day I was there when he called and literally BLAMED my mom/step-dad for whatever food they had eaten prior to coming there.  He stated that "actually food poisoning doesn't occur until 48-72 hours after eating the contaminated food" -- REALLY?!  Check your facts buddy, it occurs within 4-6 hours of eating the bad food...which is exactly when they got sick.  The real disappointment of this story is that the manager didn't take any responsibility whatsoever.  I don't care if you THINK your restaurant is perfectly clean and clear of food contamination, if 2 customers fell ill after eating there then you at least apologize and admit it could have possibly been the source, instead of telling them they're wrong and misquoting facts.  In trying times like today's economy, you would like to think that businesses/owners/manager would like to keep customers at all costs.  I won't be going back to that KG and I know the word was spread on Facebook about my mom's experience.  Others chimed in about similar experiences, so the least we can do it spread the word since KG won't take any responsibility.UPDATE -- I wrote this review with a 1-star rating originally (as you can see from my notes, it was not a pleasant ordeal).  HOWEVER, I would like to personally thank Llyod Hawhthorn for taking the time to reach out to my mom and rectifying the situation.  Lloyd is the District Manager and I have to say that it means a lot to know that they took our experience and concern seriously.  The one thing my mom was hoping to achieve was some form of concern or positive feedback from KG, and that is what ended up happening.  So, thank you Lloyd for making it right!  And, we will be returning to KG (even got some gift cards as Christmas gifts).  I hope all goes well from here.
3	This is not our first visit to Kona Grill.  We've been a few times to this one and the one in San Tan Village.Today we went for lunch.  We took advantage of their free bonus gift card offer, and decided to use the bonus card.  We ordered a spicy tuna roll from the sushi menu, treating as our "starter" (their menu starters just didn't appeal today).  Then my wife had the pan asian noodles, and I had the Kona meatloaf.Both dishes were good.  The meatloaf was an Asian/fusion interpretation, and was pretty tasty.  They also served a reasonable block of meatloaf.  The sauce was nice.  It came with green beans (which were mediocre...just beans, no other flavors) and mashed red-skin potatoes (which were good, but ordinary...no garlic or other flavoring to punch them up a bit).  The noodles were a stir-fry soba thing with beef and vegetables.  It was good also, a very typical Asian stir-fry flavor (with ginger).  Nothing really noteworthy, but good.If you want Asian/fusion food, this place is pretty good.  You get a better value at happy hour (and reverse happy hour).  But we haven't had a bad meal there yet.
3	The food is good, but took a while to get to us.
1	It seems management has told the sushi chefs to exercise portion control. We were served a roll that had so little of the spicy tuna that the end pieces were all rice. Fry's fresh sushi counter serves better rolls! And it's less expensive!!
4	Great happy hour and definitely my go-to spot for appetizers and margaritas.A friend recommended this place for happy hour food, but I came with low expectations, as I do with every place in Phoenix. I was pleasantly surprised how good everything was for a chain restaurant.I ordered the California Roll ($3 happy hour!) and it was delicious. 5 or 6 rolls with plenty of wasabi and ginger. I also got the Chicken Satay ($4.50 happy hour) and the quality was very good.  4 pieces of tender breast meat, juicy - cooked to perfection. Great peanut sauce as well.Ordered 2 house margaritas ($3 each) and although they were small, they were very tasty and only $3.00. I haven't ordered a margarita in a while because of the cooler weather and most places use a crappy sour mix - not here - they are very good. I will be back.
4	I probably should have only given this Kona 3 stars but I'm feeling generous today and I think our server "Zack, Zach he's a Lego maniac" deserves the extra star as he was attentative and a on top of everything. I like the food but I really can't get over the prices for some of the stuff they serve on there. I'm not a cheapskate, but c'mon. $17 for pasta? During lunch? Get over yourself Kona Grill. You're just a trendy name. I'll still probably go back though. It seems I never get to pick where we eat lunch. Ha ha.
4	Sat happy hour 11am-2pmI love Kona Grill. It's great for lunch, great for dinner, great for happy hour. I love their sushi! Especially the volcano roll.The Macadamia chicken is a dish of heaven. Pineapple papaya marmalade mmmmmm with shoyu sauce over the mashed potatoes. It's amazing. Drinks can't be beat, either. They are always presented beautifully. The service was great, too.
5	I came here for happy hour and the food and service was excellent.  Will be coming back for more.
4	Outside atmosphere was really nice. This was my first time there and I enjoyed it. Our food was great. I had a salad and my friend had the filet which looked excellent. It was more pricey than I expected though.
3	Very nice eatery....i felt under dress for this occasion....anywho co workers and i tried it. Their flatbread wasn' t bad...but i should have tried the Margarita one. Pot stickers wasn't too bad. Overall. It was good.
4	This girl loves Kona's happy hour! They have great deals on rolls and the drinks are very affordable. I appreciate that they have many options for vegetarians, including avocado egg rolls which I could eat all day if allowed to do so. The wait staff is efficient and friendly. This particular location is at the food court end of the mall and is a short stroll from the movie theater and mall shops close by.  I probably would recommend a local sushi joint if you're going for a regular/later meal. Your money will go further at a smaller restaurant. However, few happy hours will ever be able to match my love for an atlantic roll and sake bomber after a long day at the office.
4	I went here for lunch with a g/f.  I had their sushi sampler and she got their Bama Roll with a house salad.  Both were excellent.  The house salad is a wonderful mix of freshness with the lettuce, tomatoes and cucumber and the light onion and soy dressing and richness with the generous touch of bleu cheese.  The sushi was all fresh and really good.  It was a tad more expensive than I generally pay for lunch but, I would go back.
4	Love happy hour !!!! Fresh sushi worth the crowds.
2	Excellent ambient, nice place. Good food
3	Kona Grill is one of my go to for Happy Hour with my husband and friends. My favorite is the Avocado Egg Rolls but I often get Veggie Rolls with tempura flakes and eel sauce. YUM!   But even if you just go to have a drink at the bar it has a great atmosphere for just hanging out.
4	I always thought this was kind of a Hawain place and I love that kind of thing but every time I went I ended up at the sushi happy hour.  I like sushi but it's not my favorite.  Anyway this weekend we went for diner and had some of the entrees.  Simply outstanding.  I'm like wow.  And I'm very picky. I had some Cajun dish but it was with seafood.  Which I loved. So I would recommend giving this place another try like I did and try something off the menu instead of the happy hour.
3	I think this old girl has lost a bit of her luster. I have been coming to this establishment for over 10 years and I think  Kona Grill is in definitely in need of a face lift. After all, this is supposed to be an ultra hip and posh atmosphere to dine in. Right?  Well it is, I mean was, 10 years ago. The bathroom was always so elegant. Waterfall sinks, cool colors and awesome tile work. All these elements are still present, just well worn, faded and in need of replacement.  The aquarium and it's decorations are also tired. The tank is scratched, and the fish are showing their ribs from under feeding. Well onto the food, and it is well worth the visit. All food is very flavorful and fresh tasting.  I especially enjoyed the "Angry Edemome". It is a remix of the favorite Edemome, but with a fiery and spicy sauce mixed in for the one two punch!  Sooo good!   The service is always a bit dicey on the patio, but was overall fair tonight. Drinks took a long time and things were forgotten but the server was sincere and friendly, so that made up for it. All in all, highly recommended, but gets three stars because I remember what it was, and know what it can be again.
3	Girlfriend and I ate there for lunch today, nice waitress and she wasnt the "annoying" but promptly filled my drink as it neared the bottom. The atmospere was nice and the wait wasnt long for the food. The only real complaints is that the sushi plate was kinda small and it just tasted OK. Honestly u can prob get the same quality and taste at your nearest bashes or frys grocery store.
5	Happy hour 1/2 price Sushi and Drinks...say no more Great atmosphere!
4	Great place. Sushi was not wrapped up tied enough so it tended to fall apart. Also the roll was a bit thick that it is hard to fit it in your mouth (yeah, that's what she said:)
4	I'm a fan, not my favorite sushi place but dependable and reasonably priced for what you get. Service is always good, not great but good. Right now due to the remodel it's been rather dead so the service has been quick. The sushi tastes fresh and we haven't had any issues with the rolls falling apart. The remodel looks like it's going to be very schwanky too once it's complete in November. They have some new menu items that we tried out this weekend and very delicious. I couldn't remember the name so I took a picture of the appetizer we had and also posted it.  Try it - it's actually really good!
1	Well first off the sushi is ok but a major pet peeve of mine is when cold sushi is put on a hot plate and it makes it warm-ish. Sushi combo plate was so weak it's not even funny, 8 pieces of California roll, 1 piece salmon, 1 piece of tuna, 1 piece shrimp and a salad with freaking blue cheese on it?!? Anyways, potstickers were good and the edamame was great(but pretty salty). Here is the kicker of the whole evening that will insure I never go back. My friend left his brand new iPhone 5 on the table by accident, came back literally 2 minutes later and it was gone. Table had been cleared and no phone in sight. We asked the manager about it and very rudely, and almost annoyed with us, just kept reiterating that nothing was turned in and that her entire staff had been there 10 years with no incident. Really? That's a lie just in the fact that our waitress was probably 22 so she would have been working since 12 years of age. Nice! The manager did not apologize even once for the situation. Very disappointed in the way she handled it.
4	Love their happy hour! I always come with a couple girlfriends, and we order a drink and a bunch of appetizers/sushi rolls to share. My favorites are the avocado egg rolls and calamari! Although I probably wouldn't come here for their regular menu since their prices are on the expensive side for the quality.The patio can be a bit loud, but otherwise they have a good environment, and the service is great!
4	I've been going to Kona basically since they opened, mainly at the Scottsdale location but now we live in Chandler.Their Macadamia Nut Chicken is amazing!!! Absolutely amazing! Probably my favorite dish ever. We also love their sushi. They have many rolls to choose from and the traditional rolls are priced well. I do think the specialty rolls are a bit pricey but they taste so wonderful I'm willing to deal with it.We went to this location last week and everyone was very willing to make sure there was no cross contamination since my BF is allergic to shellfish. The head chef came out and talked to us. He was very accommodating and explained that the rolls are made in the morning, so there could be cross contamination but he was happy to break down a section to prepare our rolls on fresh surfaces with freshly cleaned utensils. My BF had a very small reaction but nothing the Benadryl couldn't correct. (I have since emailed Kona asking them to prepare their shellfish rolls and non shellfish rolls separately.) Even with a slightly puffy lip my boyfriend and I enjoyed it so much!The main reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the prices but we'll keep going back!
1	Very disappointing food quality. Three out of four diners were dissatisfied with their meal.will not return.
5	I don't know how else to say it the service was wonderful, the Caterpillar roll was almost too cute to eat.. ALMOST!!The service was wonderful. I love their food .. will go back
3	I've dined at this restaurant countless times over the years, however, this last visit was rather sub-par. We had 45 minutes to be in and out for happy hour before my daughter and I went to go see a movie next door. I informed the server of this before hand he said it would not be a problem. I wouldn't foresee it being a problem as we arrived at 3 o'clock when happy our first started and it was a Monday, and there was hardly anybody in there. Regardless it took 55 minutes to be in and out of the restaurant for happy hour which rather irritated me being late for the movie. I also feel the quality of their food is going down a bit. I've noticed this from the last couple of visits. Especially the fish tacos which were not up to par.
3	Been here several times.  Often for happy hour.  Today was lunch.  They finished their remodel.  New decor, but old menu.  They should perhaps put some different things on there.Their food is pretty good.  It's sort of an Asian/American/Pacific fusion thing.  A bit pricey, especially since the food is not "fantastic".  If the food was "fantastic" the price would be quite reasonable.  I kept it simple this time.  The tomato bisque was not bad.  Again, not fantastic, but tasty.  The burger was unique.  Had some sort of aeoli sauce, or something.  Definitely not an ordinary "Red Robin" burger!I'm in their birthday club thing, so I had a coupon this visit.  That made it worth the price.  Overall, a bit pricey, but some interesting interpretations.  Try it at happy hour if you're unsure.  If you like their specials at happy hour you'll probably like visiting them for other meals too.
5	Awesome happy hour!  Lots of people there all the time.  We had to wait a while to get a seat at the bar, but the manager Bob made sure we eventually got one!  Server Brandon was also awesome, recommending a butter-cake dessert which was delicious.  Service was great, food is great, atmosphere is great - on the couches or outside on the patio!  Get there at 5pm if you can, to make sure to get a great seat for happy hour! We go here at least once a month now!
5	Kona's new re-brand at this location gave it that extra "umph" to take it to the next level. I've always been a huge fan of Kona Grill and this location has got it all. Food, Service, and overall experience. The employees here really pride themselves in their work and their interactions with guests. It's great to see the leaders not just walk around and ask how everything is, but roll up their sleeves and serve a plate or clear a table. Great job, @konagrill !
1	As it turns out this place is not a restaurant with a bar, its a bar with a restaurant. Made the mistake of bringing my 8 year old. One look at the kiddie menu and i knew i should have left. Instead of just making miniature meals from there menu they did the old, don't bring your kids here again, they are not welcome routine. I know ours popular in this obese children's society to feed kids crap but who the hell feeds their kids macaroni and cheese for dinner? Isn't that a side dish? When did this become a main course from hell? How lazy can a parent be than to serve a kid macaroni and cheese. Oh yeah, order macaroni and cheese. So as it goes we order from the main menu. Chicken with mozzarella sandwich and i had the salmon. It was way too much to pay for frozen meals. The rice was swimming in soy sauce and pineapple. I'm a carb addict and if i can't eat it, its not worth eating. The green beams i have to say were the highlight of the meal. They tasted like the ones at outback which i just love. The salmon, just more frozen fair. Parmesan fries uneatable, sandwich, just not worth it. The ciabatta roll was dry and tasteless. I think since thus place failed so miserably at a restaurant they note solely cater to the bar. Its a shame they can't handle both.
3	Kona Grill has been a staple in the Chandler Mall area for years and years now. Years ago it was known as a more hip, trendy, bar type of place you go out to on a Friday night, now it's more of an eatery. They did a total redecoration and re-do on the interior, and the overall style and look is more modern and calm, it isn't the hip, trendy bar/sushi stop it used to be. But, that is not a problem, as the new style and look of the restaurant is clean, simple, and classy.The food is fine in taste and quality, it's not amazing, it's not bad, it's pretty decent grub. The sushi is pretty decent, and the sashimi is a good cut with a clean taste. I'm impressed with the size of the cuts on the Salmon Sashimi, it was a hearty appetizer compared to sashimi elsewhere. The actual entrees and specialties are better than the sushi and appetizers, they are richer and tastier. I'd go for the Udon Noodles or Pad Thai if I were you, very tasty and flavorful.The one and only thing that bugs me about this Kona Grill now, is the new approach to its serving staff. Not to sound like a jerk, but years ago the servers were a little more on top of things and a little more appealing. For instance, I was here recently with my woman and we had a quick bite, our server was nice enough, but didn't have much of a personality, you could tell he had no serving experience, and he was chewing gum...chewing gum as a server, in a semi-upscale restaurant?? Seriously? That is not only a health code violation, but it's downright disgusting and inappropriate. What if he dropped that gum on someone's food? This server also forgot to bring out the soy sauce, the food runner had to do it, and he only came by the table one time to check in. He was a weak server, I say that with all due respect, this server was weak and really needed to brush up on his people skills and manners.  That's what I'm talking about, a few years ago at Kona Grill you would walk in and a young girl with a bubbly personality would service your table, she wouldn't chew gum and forget your order and would make you feel like you are in a high service establishment. But, it's not like this anymore. The one in San Tan, the Gilbert Location is what this location used to be. The staff is more hip and faster, and the atmosphere is more fun. This location pretty much calmed down and lost its pizzazz. Nevertheless, the food is still good and the management is friendly and it's a fine place to grab a quick bite.
5	5 stars for Happy hour ONLY, as I have heard that the experience off-HH-hours is very different, but I have not bothered to check it out at any other time.Now I know, 5 stars for a place is pretty ballsy (and can easily kill my credibility as a trusted Yelpie), but, I think giving it anything else based on other people's experience is just ridiculous. Maybe I came in on a good day, or I was nicer than usual or maybe the starts aligned (or the powerful foodie goods or whatever you believe in), but it was 5 star worthy.Why? Great food for what we paid and awesome service. Our server, Hunter, was really cool. She kept up with us as our party slowly grew from 2 to 9 people over the course of 3 hours. She was pretty good at recommending cheap wines that didn't taste like crap and she never gave me the impression that she was trying to make a sale, which I really appreciated. Since I'm a frugal individual (read:cheapo), I used the HH and the Wine Wednesday deal to my full advantage. I ordered the spicy tuna and some other roll (at 50% off, ~$3 each), the corn and pesto flatbread (%50 off, ~$6) and 2 bottles of white wine (50% off, ~12 each) which left me plenty full... and drunk. Mind you I ordered all of this for my friend and I- as much as I'd like to think that I could consume THAT much wine and food by myself. Flavor-wise, the flatbread my definitely my favorite: olive-oil-tasting but not greasy on the hands AT ALL, tons of pesto and sun-dried tomato went super well with the roasted corn. I dislike capers so we got them served on the side so my friend could load them up on his bites and not mine. The sushi tasted fine- fresh and basic but nothing to write about: they were super simple rolls executed fine.As our crowd grew larger and louder (Read: drunker), we started sharing with our server that our friend was celebrating his birthday and that we wanted to surprise him with something nice. Behind his back, she surprised us with a giant rectangle of brownie with ice cream on top. No candle, but the brownie was incredibly fudgy and moist and it was such a large piece that we all got to try it and go for seconds and thirds. As a token of awesomeness, the manager gave it to us for free, which we were even more surprised with. This time? 5 stars. Come at me, bro.
5	First of all, the happy hour is amazing! The margaritas are so strong and I get drunk off of 2. And xavier is the best server
5	My boyfriend and I went here for dinner after our late movie and we were seated right away. After being seated we waited for around 10 minutes and it became apparent to me someone forgot about us. I used to be a server so I am not one to complain, and we contemplated walking across the way to another restaurant. As we were about to leave a server came up to us, apologized for the miscommunication and proceeded to take our order. We weren't in a hurry so it was really no big deal at all. Though I forgot his name, I commend him for taking on our table and hustling to make sure our food and drinks came out quickly. He really took care of us. The time we had to wait for a server was made up immediately when our food and drinks were pushed out as fast as they could.  After the server dropped the check the manager came over and apologized again for the initial delay and gave us our appetizer for free. I have noticed that usually when people do not complain, they do not get anything for free or discounted so I was very surprised he did this. I am very appreciative the manager rectified the situation and made sure we were happy as we left. We understand everyone makes mistakes, and the one made here at the Kona Grill was dealt with in an efficient and productive manner. Service recovery at it's finest. Thanks again for comping the appetizer, we'll definitely be back!
4	I never thought I would love a chain so much...but, I do!The server we had was fantastic. I don't know her name, but she suggested a margarita Las Vegas style and it blew.my.mind.Pt. 1 of the food: We got the (recommend on the menu) Meatloaf with Mashed Potatoes and Mushrooms - SO GOOD.We also had the Yellow tail Sashimi with Jalapeno, Vinaigrette and Cilantro. Very flavorful and fresh. Overall super happy and pleased from start to finish. Fun dining experience with great food. Doesn't get much better.(A message to the lady below...WHY would you bring your kid into a restaurant where people are smoking on the patio and there's a huge (but gorgeous) bar separating the outside from the inside? I looked at your other reviews...you just like to complain and get free stuff from management. I'm onto you.)
2	The food at Kona Grill was good...but everything else sucked.At about 5pm my friend and I braved rush hour traffic and the mall parking lot in search of some tasty treats before catching a movie.  We were greeted by a hostess who asked us if we preferred outdoor or indoor seating.  It was 102 degrees outside, so we opted for indoor seating.  The hostess provided us with menus and the server was prompt to greet us.  All fine.  But then I noticed that there was no happy hour menu to be found.  I finally asked the server and he informed us that because we were sitting in the dining room, we were not allowed to partake of the happy hour specials.What?  Happy hour is seating specific?  Are you kidding me?  No.  He wasn't.  He informed us that we would have to sit at the sushi bar (which was full) or outside (102 degrees) to be able to order from the HH menu.  He said we could move, but then didn't want to relocate us.  He finally relented and "got special permission from the manager" to allow us to order from the HH menu.Menu debacle settled, we ordered the pot stickers, roasted corn and goat cheese flat bread, and the crab crunch roll.  The pot stickers and flat bread came out with no issue and were rather tasty.  My crab crunch roll, however, was wrong.  I informed the runner that brought it to me that it appeared I had been given the wrong sushi rolls.  She responded that "well, they are almost the same".  I don't care how close they are, it wasn't what I fracking ordered!  She returned with the correct menu item and it was delicious.  I also ordered a mango mojito, but was served a regular mojito, and it was awful.  It tasted like pure simple syrup and was garnished with a whole stick of rock candy.  Cute presentation, but it certainly didn't help the already too sweet flavor.In addition to the specific pitfalls, the service was slow and unremarkable.  I doubt I'll be returning any time in the near...or distant...future.
4	Kona to me is the trendy Scottsdale bar that isn't in Scottsdale. Everyone dresses up and gets all fancy to get their sushi on. Fish swim around and watch you eat their friends, which is kind of sad. Good food. OK service.
5	Happy hour is great - both cocktails and appetizers are good, even the skinny cocktails.  And I LOVE angry edamame!  My girlfriend saw that I posted I was at Kona grill on my b-day (tagged on fb) and she phoned in and ordered my girlfriends and i a round of drinks at our table - how cool is that???  The waitress needed her managers help b/c officially they were not supposed to do it (my friend had to text a photo of herself with the signed card and her photo id) but they went to the extra trouble to make it happen on my birthday - what a sweet gesture!  they could've just stuck to the books and said sorry no-can-do, but instead they went the extra mile - great customer service!!
5	Kona has one of the best happy hours in the country.  It just does.  I've been to all three locations in Arizona, as well as Dallas, Houston, Kansas City, New Jersey, and Tampa and they're all strong (except the Houston one -- it sucks -- GHE-TTOOOO!).I can't say that I've ever really eaten in their main dining area because their happy hour menu is so good so, keep in mind, this review is solely about happy hour.I've gotta say:  I like pretty much everything they put in front of me.  That little aioli that accompanies the calamari is one of the tastiest sauces I've ever eaten.  I could drink it with a straw and I'd be happy (after several sake bombers, I probably have).  The Maui chicken tacos are solid, the spicy tuna rolls are solid, the potstickers are good . . . even the pizzas are good.  I only wish they'd bring the tuna wasabi back to the happy hour menu.  Add a tall Kirin and sake and . . . BOOM!  No need to go anywhere else.  And the prices during happy hour (and reverse happy hour) are insane.  I've almost embarrassed to admit, I've literally gone in for lunch at 3pm (when happy hour starts) and then back for dinner at 10pm (when reverse happy hour starts).      When I'm back in AZ, I generally start any night out with a little happy hour at Kona.  I prefer the Scottsdale location as it's closer to more nightlife options than Chandler Fashion Center but the Chandler location has a much bigger patio -- it's like Hunger Games (literally) to get a table during happy hour at Kona because, duh, it's THAT good.  To all of the people whining that they can't get a seat during happy hour, find a place with weak food at high prices and I'm sure you'll be able to sit wherever you'd like.
5	I really enjoy Kona Grill for every time I go I never seem to have a problem! Each time I go I stop and look at the beautiful fish in their large fish tanks, I always sit outside on their shaded spacious patio and the staff is always incredibly friendly. This time I ordered the Basil Pesto, which was magnificent! It's a mix of sausages, chicken, noodles and their creamy basil pesto sauce. The dish is very flavorful and exciting with a hint of spicy at the end! My son was able to enjoy the basic chicken tenders and fries which seem to always satisfy him, we were able to have a very nice lunch and each of us enjoyed our meals.This is a great place to come for lunch or dinner; they have a great bar to sit at if you are looking to come for drinks. The inside dining area is very classy and open, and if your in the mood for being outside they have high top table and regular tables to seat plenty. This place gets crowded on Friday and Saturday nights, but there is definitely a reason! Great food, great service and great drinks!
5	Always a great happy hour spot.  Good food and drink specials, fun patio, and the remodel of the bar area feels like Vegas.  Tip: Get there before 5 if you want a table in the bar for happy hour - fills up quick around 5pm on Fridays.The manager, I forget his name, even gave us a free dessert as he said he remembers seeing us in there a few times.  Wanted to thank us for coming back in.
5	You can't go wrong with Kona Grill for their sushi or fish.I am stuck on the Sweet-Chili glazed Salmon Salad with it's delicious sesame-soy dressing!  But I did venture out to one of their desserts....the Ultimate Fudge Brownie which was amazing.Our service was great and we were seated right away on a weeknight. I love this place and I will be back.
4	I was brought here on a date and thoroughly enjoyed myself. Excellent wine and an excellent burger. Everything was pretty much cooked to perfection which was nice given that it was a late lunch date and sometimes that means sub par service. The atmosphere was lovely because they have a gargantuan fish tank and the decor inside is just kind of cool. Over all I would give it a thumbs up.
1	I want to start out saying that at one time I really liked kona grill. I hadn't been there for awhile and unfortunately the quality just seems to have taken a dive. We had the sweet and spicy shrimp appetizer. The shrimp were soggy, and I'd be inclined to call it candied soggy shrimp. It was as though a jar of sugar had been poured over the dish. The shrimp were also on crispy rice noodles that are normally edible. These tasted like stale styrofoam. Dish was indelible and thankfully they took it off our bill. We also had the chicken lettuce wraps...extremely salty and also borderline I edible. We chocked back some of the chicken since we were in a rush and were then afraid to try anything else. Basically a lot of sugary and over salted processed food. If I go back ill stick to the sashimi.
3	Great for Happy Hour! Must try the calamari and Saki Bombs.
3	Kona Grill is meh.. it has a big menu selection, but its overpriced and medicore. If you're stuck by the mall (like we were) its not terrible, but if you're mobile, I recommend somewhere else.
2	Horrible Service.  I have not been to a kona grill in some time due to gluten free restrictions I have to take into account starting a few years ago.  We were shopping in the area and seen they now have a dedicated Gluten Free menu.  When we arrived we asked the hostess if we could view the menu first just to see what options we had.  She was fairly rude, gave us one menu (for 3 people to look at) and walked away.  We decided to stay and eat and then got a server who obviously had no idea about gluten free.  We became an inconvenience for him.  He didn't know any details, didn't offer to ask, and then offered to do a side of fried rice (we've had this gluten free at other places).  About 35 min later I believe the manager, who by the way saved this from being a 1 star review came to our table.  Very nice and asked about our gluten free request.  We let him know we have to eat gluten free.  He then stated that the fried rice Is not gluten free and offered to give us something else.  What I failed to mention before is that when we ordered we asked if we could do a side of fruit with our  turkey burgers.  We were told "No" we don't have that as an option.  Back to the manager, he said we can do vegetables or fruit for you.  Awesome we will take the fruit we said.  We wanted to order that originally but were told you don't have that.  The manager said they do and will take care of that for the future guests to know.  The meal ended up being good, we got what we wanted, but the service was horrible and two out of the three employees treated us like we were weird people due to our food requirements.
3	Had a great time with my beautiful wife. First date since our anniversary last year. Grandma watched the baby which allowed us to have some freedom and stay out late. Bottle of wine, sushi, perfect!A little cold and way too bright in the main dining area. Overall though a good night.
2	Food was good, but do not come on a Saturday at 1pm and sit on the outdoor patio. Only sit if you have a bunch of hours to kill. Came here and it took forever for a server to even give us menu's. I typically like Kona Grill and enjoy the food, but woah this service! Happy hour is always a great deal but have to downgrade on this review particularly for the serving issue.
2	I came here because I've heard good things about the reverse happy hour, although it was for the Gilbert location but since we were closer to this location we made the mistake of coming here. I asked to sit close to the fish tank so my daughter could enjoy the view and was told if we wanted to partake in reverse HH we would have to sit elsewhere. We were told we could sit on the other side at the only open table in view (still dirty) and proceeded to seat ourselves. After several minutes of waiting my daughter politely asked for our table to be cleaned. Our server finally appeared, our drinks and food came out at a snail's pace. The chicken satay over a slaw was good, peanut sauce good(have had better) whatever the other sauce was, awful. The apple brie and pepperoni flatbread were ok but quickly became cold because the air conditioner was on so high you'd think it was summer outside. Average food with poor service, the only reason for 2 stars as opposed to 1 was the nicest gentleman whose job only appeared to be to bus tables was polite to my daughter & myself, was personable and was the only one who genuinely seemed happy to be there. He deserves a mention, the tips and a raise. We might try hh again at Kona but definitely not at this location!
4	Great place to go on Sundays.  Happy hour menu all day long.  Perfect for football season!
4	I came here and we choose to sit outside, that isn't really outside since it is covered next to the mall entrance. Service was nice and everything I had to eat was very nice, and I had the pot-stickers and shrimp and salmon sushi rolls. The shrimp tempura was the nights personal favorite. The right amount of rice and flavor for what you pay for - nothing experimental or crazy. Outside has a nice feel, but is louder and doesn't invite for any easy conversation. Inside it is quieter and they have nice tall stuffed seating arrangements, that I did not make use out of this time. Overall it has a nice vibe, even if I perceive it as a little manufactured. I am having some issues defining this place, are they trying to sell an upscale experience and yet call themselves a grill? Focusing on seafood but having almost anything else on the menu. Yeah, it is a little too eclectic for me - but then again both service and food is good, and I will come here again so I guess the undefinition joke is on me.
2	This review is based
4	The service at this location was really awesome. It always makes me happy when my beverage is refilled without having to ask. As for the meal, I went with the Avocado Chicken Club sandwich, it was delicious! Instead of the taro chips I substituted the garlic green beans, highly recommended! The meal was very flavorful and reasonably priced. Give this place a whirl if you are in the area.
5	I have never had a bad experience here.  The food is out of this world.  The also have a sushi menu.
3	I really like Kona's menu and the location, which alone could earn a 4 star yelp review from me.  I give Kona 3 stars because of the seating restrictions and service during Happy Hour, which is usually when I end up here.The Happy Hour menu has a limited but decent selection of food and drinks.  While Kona has a nice patio setup, you have to fight for tables out there or in the bar area since the HH specials do not carry over into the dining room area (which is totally empty during HH).  Don't be surprised when your bill comes out at the end of your meal to find a group of hunger people hovering next to your table waiting to grab your seat as soon as you stand up.  Also, the service during HH is hit or miss.  You either get a really great and attentive server, or you end up with several people randomly checking in on you once they realize that all the drinks at your table have been empty for 10 minutes.
5	My husband and I stopped in for lunch and we are so pleasantly surprised. We live in MN and have a Kona Grill in our town (Eden Prairie) and we seldom go there bc the food is not all that great. Our server, Jen W, was so great! I am pregnant but really wanted sushi so I was looking for some compromises on the raw. Jen went thru the sushi menu with us and helped us customize the perfect rolls to suit our needs and wants. We also split the Kona Chopped Salad, it was delish! Overall a lovely easy well taken care of lunch. We will definitely be back. Thank you to the wonderful and talented sushi chefs and Jen W for making it a great visit!
4	First time back for reverse happy hour in years, and I still really liked it.1/2 apps and rolls. Great deal!!he tuna on won ton crisps were quite good, the wasabi mayo was a bit over powering at times.The Flat bred was fine, but I prefer the departed island pizzas.The avocado egg rolls are just amazing, crisp, decadent and luxurious with the sweet dipping sauce and slaw garnish salad.Frozen Margarita had a bit of a kick.Over all great value and can even have some date appeal. 9pm on weeknights is a great start time for reverse as I age.
5	Great food!  Very nice and clean atmosphere.  The service is always good.  I love the happy hour menu where the sushi and drinks are half priced or discounted.  Try the Wave roll.  Yummy!  I also love their red sangria.  I will be making this a regular weekly stop from now on!
4	Great Saturday happy hour spot
1	This used to be cool place with good food. Now sushimi with slice of lime is called ceviche....ahhh
4	Been here once awhile ago. Service is great. Sushi is not that great, too much rice on the rolls and little sashimi. The sushi doesn't seem very fresh. Maybe just this location. I also ordered steak and calamari. Honestly, I'd come for a drink or watch the games, otherwise this is not a dinner place nor do they have good food.
4	Yelp should add a category for how long you waited.  I don't know about you but waiting an hour to eat is not my thing. Kona grill, the food is great the service is great and I walked in a 6:50pm and was eating 12 mins later. All the hype on these new places and waiting an hour to eat is for the birds.  Besides you can't eat hype
3	Average sushi place for above average prices. I suppose it's worth going to during reverse happy hour. Eh.
2	What a huge disappointment. Came here for Father's Day dinner. We decided to go at 3pm to avoid crowds and the place was only about half full. Unfortunately the service was horrible. Our server must have forgot to put our order in as it took over 30 minutes to get our appetizers. Once we did get food we had to track down another server for silverware and drink refills. There was no offer of dessert and getting the check was as hard as getting refills on drinks. We ordered some sushi which was ok, I've had better here in the past. We also had the Pad Thai and Pulled Pork sandwiches. Overall the food was just ok. Bottom line, when you spend almost $100 for four people for dinner you expect great food and great service. Huge disappointment.
4	Not the best, not the worst but a solid spot you can always go and know you are going to have a good, solid time. I would and will go back if that helps.
3	My reasons for like Kona Grill as much as I do is a bit unique and really has nothing to do with the food.  It has to do with their Effen Cucumber Mojito and mall attachment.  I usually go to the one at Scottsdale Mall, and if I was reviewing that one, I would give it 4 stars because the people watching just never gets old.At Chandler Mall - it got a little old. No one was too weird, or too skimpily dressed. There was no drama or good eavesdropping or relationships ending. But, the mojito was still just as refreshing so I highly recommend it. And, as if tasty and refreshing is not already a sell, they use a splenda symple syrup so it only has 100 calories, which means you can have two or three (assuming splenda does not give you a headache or gas pains).  But do be aware that they are not cheap ($10).The food is okay. We ordered the lettuce wraps and were pleasantly surprised that they were only $6 because of happy hour (instead of $10). I wish happy hour would impact my beloved mojito though.   The lettuce wraps were okay, but not on the same level as PF Changs. In the past, we have ordered an assortment of rolls but nothing standout or memorable or as noteworthy as my drink.  You can never go wrong sititng with a mojito in your hand, under a mister, on a patio, at 2pm, though.
5	Love this place! Waiter was great helping us through the menu. Went with what he suggested and it is our favorite thing to order off the menu. Patio is comfortable even in the summer heat.
5	This is the place that you go to if you wanna hang with the big kids.  Feel cool. Be cool.  Each time I've gone there, I felt one degree cooler the minute I walked in.  Kona Grill has a neighborhood feel to it even though it sits at a mall.  I like sitting at the bar blindingly picking whatever looks good on the menu because you can't go wrong with it. The bartenders are attentive and friendly.  I love it when I can take the drive and stop by at Kona.  I hope this place never goes out of business.
4	Came here with a friend recently. Got the MOST SPICY sushi roll that they had to offer. It had like jalepenos, habeneros, siracha, chili sauce, wasabi, horseradish, wrapped up with tuna and rice. Freaking best experience even if it sparked a tear in my eye or two...I came here during happy hour and it was badass. Drinks were decent, beer selections are solid for a Japanese grade restaurant and the servers were wonderfully attentive to our needs, making our overall experience very much worthwhile.Washed down my spicy sushi with some classic sliders cooked medium rare. I have to say, they were the damn best burgers I've had EVER. Like ever in my brief 24 years of existence on this planet.Would come back to this restaurant with friends. MAYBE a date.BTW, I find this review by Bree B. on 6/29/2014 humorous as hell: "At Chandler Mall - it got a little old. No one was too weird, or too skimpily dressed. There was no drama or good eavesdropping or relationships ending." People break up at sushi restaurants in Scottsdale? What??
3	I sat at the sushi bar for five minutes and no one even acknowledged me so I went back to the hostess station asked to be seated at a table so I could get waited on.  Waitress showed up took my order but I haven't seen her since then I've asked for water to drink, not sure why I'm being ignored other than maybe it's staff change. Usually the service is good at this location but I'm not having much luck this visit!  I complained to the manager, he apologized and would not allow me to pay the check. I appreciated his gesture and will return when in the Chandler area!
2	If you can get past the service wait from your waiter or the 2 waiters coming one after another trying to help you with the same service, or just the wait....then you're in for a decent ride at Kona Grill. First of all, the first time I came here with my sister (maybe about a year or two ago), we sat down and was not serviced or acknowledged until about half an hour later. We were going to leave (surprised we didn't) but we decided to give it a chance. So we've decided to give this place another shot. Well, we waited about five minutes (not as bad as before) and our waiter came and asked for our drinks. About a minute after him, another waitress came by and asked for our drinks again...we were confused and clearly, they did not have that plan out. Secondly, know the location of the restaurant, I knew it wasn't going to be cheap. However, we were celebrating the fact that one of my good friends got into law school; so I figured, why not? I just wished the quality of the food met the expectation of the prices. When the food arrived, it looked really good; I was excited! However, the calamari was a little too greasy and not enough crunchiness; the vegas roll had too much sauce. The only thing that was pretty good was the pad thai; but would you pay $15.50 for an okay portion of pad thai? I wouldn't; but I did since one of us wanted it. I liked our waiter, he was an ex-Wildcat! Woohoo! He was nice enough to give us the creme brulee on the house (i think it was our charmed that he fell for :P); so I gave him a nice tip. If you ask me if I would come here again...the answer would be yeah. However, not anytime soon.
4	ALWAYS very consistent. Food is ALWAYS good.. but lately I have noticed that with the new management and chef.. the service has been a little slow. I highly recommend the Macadamia Nut Chicken! So yummy!
5	Have a great happy hour. Good food and beer. Enjoyed myself. Great stop for sushi. Try it out if you get a chance.
4	Great place for dinner with friends.   Really good food but a little chainy/commercial.
5	I love this spot. They have some of the BEST sushi, and the Happy Hour drink/food menu is hard to beat. There's always a good crowd, and we've never had any issues with the service. Nice spot to grab a light dinner - and I recommend the Saki Sangria!
5	great late night happy hour! try the macadamia chicken if you're willing to splurge and butter cake for dessert!
5	This is really a great place to relax and have great food. I always meet my friends here for get togethers. The service is excellent. I highly recommend them.
2	I wanted to give this place a one start but because the food was not bad,  I am giving it two. The bad part part was the service,  simply horrible. The table was not well cleaned,  the waiter got an attitude and ignorant. I am not sure if I will go back.
2	My sister and I ate here during happy hour today (9/22/2014). Kona Grill has always looked busy whenever we went to Chandler Fashion - it was always packed inside and out (in the patio area). They have a huge aquarium near the hostess station and a small boothed seating area while you wait to be seated.So, after wandering in for happy hour, we looked around for a host/hostess. None were to be found! We looked over at the sushi bar where there were a couple of sushi chef's there prepping or something, but I'm sure they saw us two waiting by the station to be seated. A waitress soon came by and asked if we were going to be seated inside for happy hour, or wanted to be outside in the patio area. We said inside and she promptly sat us at a booth. A few seconds later a waiter came by and asked us if we were there for happy hour, in which we replied with yes. He then stated that happy hour was only in the patio and that we had to move tables. Confused, my sister told him what the waitress had said, and he said that she was in the wrong and they don't seat happy hour customers inside.So off to the patio we went, we were told that we would be brought menus again, we picked a random table and thought the waiter was following us with menus, but when we sat down, menus, and waiter/waitress, were nowhere to be found. As we sat awkwardly for about five minutes outside, our original waitress appeared! Handed us menu's and asked us what we would like to drink (water and a sprite). After she had left, my sister leaned over and said, "They forgot about us. The bartender saw and told someone inside that there was a table not being waited on." Thank you Mr. Bartender for dragging our waitress back to doing her job!We ordered the BBQ Flatbread, Chicken and Shrimp Lettuce Wraps, and my sister got the Crunch Roll Sushi. The BBQ Flatbread is spicy, so watch out! The Lettuce Wraps were very good, they use butter lettuce for the leaves, and the peanut sauce that comes with it is also spicy and has a kick which leaves you craving for more. My sister was not impressed with the sushi, it was good, but nothing to really rave about. The food did take a while to get out, we only ordered three simple dishes, and they brought my sister tap water... so yeah, there's that to think about the next time you order water on a weekday.By then more people had arrived to eat, and it started to pick up. We saw others seated around us, and other waters and waitresses bustling around us. Our waitress refilled our drinks and then disappeared! I saw her maybe one more time waiting on another table that was not far from us, they too were waiting for what seemed like a while like we did for service after they were seated.And, well, it was time to pack up, pay the bill, and finish our shopping! But... our waitress was nowhere to be found, again! We managed to get a small to-go box from her before she mysteriously vanished within the semi-empty restaurant. And we waited. And waited. And waited. Ten minutes later my sister and I looked at each other and said, "Let's just go. We can't even pay for our food, so let's go." but my sister managed to flag down another waiter and asked him politely, "Excuse me, I'm sorry, I know you're not our waiter, but we've been waiting for our bill for the last ten minutes." (it was pretty obvious we were ready to leave, we even stacked the dishes out of boredom) and after asking us who our waitress was, that's when we then realized she never gave us her name (go figure). We had to say she was one of the brunettes - and there was another brunette waitress also working there. But it looked like the guy knew who we were talking about (our waitress had permanent b**** face on, so). He apologized, brought us our bill, and when we stuck the CC in it, our waitress appeared! Whisked the pay away, came back, mumbled, "Thank you for eating here, have a good day." and walked off. My sis and I shook our heads in laughing disbelief, we've never had such a bad wait times on such a slow day!So the next time we're at Chandler Fashion, we're going to be avoiding this place, and not be recommending it to anyone we know. I think we were better off getting something in the food court.
5	I have been coming to Kona at Chandler Fashion for several years now and I must say they have the best staff and managers of any restaurant I have been, which is why it's my go to spot. One of the waiters Brandon is the absolute best server that has ever waited on me. He is extremely attentive, friendly and makes each table feel important as a customer. He is a true asset to Kona.
5	We try to stop at this Kona in Chandler Fashion Center every time we go to Chandler. It is one of our favorite happy hour places. The past few times we have been there, we were lucky enough to have a server named Grace. She made us feel like VIP's even though they were very busy with a waiting line. They are very lucky to have her. The managers always stop by our table when we are there to make sure that we are satisfied with everything. You can not go wrong by stopping here for happy hour or dinner.
4	Really good.  Garret was our server, late nite b4 a movie this place really hit the spot.  Our server was on point.  Kitchen was solid.  This definitely is our new late nite spot.  Comfy chairs too!
3	CHANDLER, AZ: Kona is always a good sample of a nice business lunch place that just misses the opportunity most of the time.The sushi is okay; the Bama roll is tasty with a little kick.The meatloaf is delicious if you are in the mood for comfort food.The ambience is lovely and the service is generally good.
5	I must say I saw Leah M's review from last Sunday regarding her poor service by a manger who cut them off as the customer was a service member. I have total respect for our military and support them in every way possible as I have family members who serve. I must say I was here the night of her review. The customer in question was clearly intoxicated. The customer was running into people and tables and was slurring really bad before she tried to help him. It was so obvious it was not do to any injuries. I thank the customer for his service to our country and yes he should be respected as a soldier but let's speak the truth here. He was totally gone and every table around them knew it. Several customers made comments about it even as he was just sitting there at the table. The manager was absolutely correct in how he handled the situation.
5	My go to place for cheap sushi.  Don't miss happy hour or reverse happy hour for half price rolls.  They're about $3.  Best deal in town!  The place is super good and fantastic atmosphere.  Their fish tank is gorgeous and the inside has beautiful water features.
2	It's very disappointing - the service isn't always great. The service is slow and the sushi isn't consistent. I have yet to like the way they cooked the calamari too - it always arrive chewy and hard at times which means it's overcooked! I have had their Mahi-Mahi a few times with pineapple rice. Once again its not consistent. It's either over seasoned and the sauce they use is too much so it gets all over the rice. I prefer the Kona at San Tan Mall better. Although I come here, to the Chandler site, often and gamble what kind of service & food I get....mostly because it's near my boyfriends house but I know what kind of potential they have because I have tasted it.
4	About twelve of us came here for an iced tea business lunch. You know what I'm talking about. We also enjoyed a lively discussion about all things, including the food which we enjoyed. We had several appetizers, including the Chicken Satay, Calamari, Pot Stickers and Edamami and pitcher after pitcher of their delicious iced tea. LOL. All of us thought they did a nice job. The only question mark was with their Meat Loaf, or was it pot roast. But the Steaks, Filet Mignon, Fish, and Burgers were all very tasty and cooked to order. Expect to pay $35 each and thank you to that corporate card. LOL. We will be back.
5	Had a great experience at Kona Grill last night. Happy hour 3 to 7 Friday night . I knew it would be busy on the patio ..but. The staff was amazing helpful patient the place was buzzing and they were all great Grace got us a drink while waiting for a table. Christian was attentive  ( remembered us from previous visit.) There are 2 gentleman 1 is Christian I think the other is Grace that work together like pros made everything smooth. Bob the asst. Manager was friendly kind and very gracious. I have a broken foot and everyone took great getting us situated. And food was great as always .The new Gouda fondue is very good  and the frozen Margaritas best in town. Great experience all around. Thanks to all of you at Kona Grill !
4	This is a place where me and my son, cody would go every Sunday for happy hour sushi. And now my sister comes too. Wonderful place for happy hour! delicious sushi
5	When was the last time you had a meal and commented "this tastes as good as when I had it the first time"!  I imagine not very often, maybe never.  When I arrived in the valley some 15 years ago I was visiting downtown Tempe on Mill St.  I happened to stop into an interesting restaurant called Saki's for dinner.  Checking the menu I saw they had a dish call Miso-Sake Sea Bass, that sounded delicious.   I gave it a whirl and it was straight out fantastic in every way.  Buttery melt in your mouth fish with its edges seared in a miso paste and nori flakes sprinkled over the top.  Accompanied with Hawaiian Fried Rice and a salad that had/has the best onion-soy dressing ever it was a most memorable meal.  This was almost 15 years ago; I had the same meal last evening at Kona Grill in Chandler and commented the opening line in this paragraph.  Way to go Kona Grill, as I say about old soul records, it just gets better with time.
3	The Kona Grill at the Chandler fashion mall is of standard quality to say the most, the service and setting of the resturant is of good quality. However on a Saturday night expect to be bombarded by underage kids running wild and being dropped off right in front. The Kona grill offers perhaps a better setting for a lunch-in.The menu is of standard taste an quality of which the calamari, Yamada roll, and checkerboard roll where ordered and served in a timely manner.
1	Their sushi is horrible, their food is like an old lean cuisine meal. I feel bad for the waitresses that have to work their. Their food is beyond over priced for the horrible taste that is left in your mouth.
4	Very excellent service!  Our server was fantastic at his job!  I wish service was that fantastic everywhere!  As far as the food goes we ordered calamari which was great!  My boy ordered the salmon......soooo good! I also ordered a house salad that had the best dressing and a green apple and Brie flatbread........DO NOT ORDER THIS.  That is the only complaint I have.  It was not good.  Also, for a drink they make their sangria with champagne, AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!
2	So this is the second and last time I'll be having dinner at Kona Grill. First time I had a pulled pork sandwich which was decent but not very exciting.  I enjoyed the chicken satay appetizer and the nice drink/wine list,  along with the modern,  relaxed atmosphere.  Really like sitting on the patio or in the bar area.  However,  the main dishes are mediocre at best. I always give places a second shot but our second visit was even more underwhelming.  I had the sea bass and my husband had the pork tenderloin.  Both were prepared well but pretty much tasteless and boring.  And expensive.  I love good food and I'll pay for anything worth it,  however this sea bass was not a $26 dish.  Not on any planet.  I'd recommend this as a nice place to meet for drinks and maybe apps and desserts but do not bother with an entree. I can name at least 10 other places in the valley with better food for those prices.
5	Great happy hour specials. Lots of food selections and drinks . A good mix of food as well
4	Great lunch with family.  Miso soups and sushi for most.  Roast beef sandwich for one kid and chicken fingers for another.  Great service.  Very warm and friendly.  Server was Grey.  Ask for him.
4	This is a chain.  Not a huge chain, but they have several locations nationwide.  I've been moving more towards smaller restaurants, family-owned, one-of-a-kind.  But this is one exception I make.I've reviewed them before.  They are sort of an Asian/American fusion place.  They also have jambalaya and sushi..  It's hard to nail-down the cuisine.  But it is good food.  On this occasion I had the basil pesto linguine.  It was very nice.  I have since returned and ordered it again.  Though I've tried several other dishes, and they mostly are pretty good.  See my previous reviews.They continue to be a bit pricey, though I feel a bit better about visiting them right now because they had a gift card offer (buy $100 get $25 free now, and another $25 after Jan 1).  That reduces the effective price by 33%.  Their menu is really good at that pricing!   :-)Service was outstanding (both this visit and the subsequent visit).  Food still very good.  I'm giving four stars this time.  That might be a little generous, but they are better than three stars (which I've rated in the past), and the gift card deal has addressed my complaint about pricey-ness.Overall, a solid dining experience.  Good food, good service.
