5	i think everyone can recall specific detail of many momentary tastes they had experienced in their first truly exquisite meal. it may not be their favorite meal, or their choice of hypothetical last meal (as this often returns to something your mother made), but it is etched in each person's memory as the moment where they spent more than they ever had before, and walked away with a memory an experience, and a justification as to the value of fine flavor in a world of economic woes. europea is that first fine meal for me. i and my then boyfriend, and now husband, had spontaneously driven the hours and hours up to canada one year for an international film festival, and as we had been experimenting with several cooking techniques, we decided to splurge, and really try to find out what food cooked by someone with classical french cooking skill tastes like. the person at the hotel desk recommended europea, which was located only a few blocks away.we decided on the tasting menu, with wine pairings, which was a tremendous amount of money in that we had both just started "grown up" jobs. but it was completely worth it, and again and again, this restaurant remains my benchmark in an experience of a meal that was completely worth the amount of money we had paid.i can't recall the exact order or items of the menu. but i will tell you that i still recall the taste of the amuse bouche as if it were ten minutes ago. a tiny spoon, and a little espresso cup, filled with the finest, richest taste of lobster cappuchino, or bisque, that you could ever imagine. it sent both of us into a closed eye making of a memory. other dishes that followed included my first taste of foie gras, which was seared and served with a fruit based sauce. of course, the meal continued on with wines, meats, cheeses, and delightful deserts, ending with the finest cup of coffee i've ever closed a meal with. we both left, slightly tipsy, and with the feeling that we would value food as an art for the rest of our lives. each dish cooked once, for one patron, and is different each subsequent time it is cooked due to variations in cooking time or seasons. i felt truly lucky after this meal. i wish i could recite to you the sequence of dishes, but honestly i wasn't of the initiated at the time that i had eaten here. what i would recommend is that if you're in montreal and in need for a real treat, but have never had an extensive tasting menu before, take the plunge and try this restaurant which will set your standards for you. i truly enjoyed it, and have gone on to taste the creations of the likes of pierre garnaire (paris), david chang (new york), the chefs at les ambassadeurs (paris), my boy ken oringer (boston), etc etc. europea still remains amongst the best and of course my virgin tasting menu. and as a result, fine food is now draining my expenses day after day, but without regret:)
5	I love Euproea. If you treat dinning as an experience as opposed to just good food, you will love it too. I was surprised and delighted for all the gifts from the chef. It was fun and creative. The food is great too. I don't think it is too expensive given the amount of variety you will receive. Try the tasting menu. It will be a fun night you will remember :-)
4	amazing execution. Nice and creative recipe. nice atmosphere. Service a bit too relaxed for the place but I guess is the the Quebec way.... Make it a stop when you are in Montreal, you wont regret it.
4	Amazing menu, amazing service and great food.  I recently went to Europea and entertained a bunch of clients in the semi private room, there were 16 of us in total.  Although we were all english speaking, I found everyone very helpful and the service was tip top.  All of the dishes we ordered were wonderful and a number of my clients remarked upon the fact that this was one of the best restaurant they had visited recently and  would certainly be bringing some of their clients here.Only reason I didnt give them five stars was that my entree of deer, was slightly over cooked.  When I remarked to other diners they all said that there dish was perfectly prepared, so I think I was just unfortunate.  I would defintely return when I next visit Montreal and would recommend to anyone.
5	The 9 course tasting menu was heaven. Simply one of the best French fusion restaurants in Montreal. Seating is limited and reservations are required but you won't be disappointed with the food or service. They have an extensive wine list as well. This restaurant feels much more intimate than Toque since it's more dimly lit and there are several floors to the restaurant vs. a big open space. It's definitely worth the splurge!
5	We wanted to try Toque last weekend, but they were closed on Sunday. We were told Europea was one of the best in Montreal and were very, very pleased. It was by far on of the best meals I've had. We had the 5 course tasting menu, but we ended up getting a lot of "surprises that would come out of the kitchen in between the courses. The most memorable dishes we had that night included the lobster bisque cappucino,  crab ceviche and the beef cheeks. The vibe is very chic. This meal would have been double the price if it were in the states. We were very impressed by the wait staff and had a wonderful experience.
4	I'm surprised this place only has 8 reviews so far.  Not sure how long it's been in business, but I would have thought more people would have reviewed the place.It was very easy to setup a reservation as I did it online.  It was a Monday evening and it was not very busy.  A mix of tourists like us and business dinners.  We sat on the second floor.  Noise was not an issue.I'll admit that I was put off immediately with the service when they took our order.  The server asked me for my order before asking my wife.  So I told him what she wanted to order and then gave my order.  That said, the rest of the waitstaff were much better and service improved over the course of the evening.To start, I had the crab declination, which was fantastic.  My wife had the seared foie gras, which tasted great, but for the price we paid, we were expecting more foie gras.  Perhaps I'm being hard on them as the Canadian dollar has probably appreciated since they first put this menu together.  The pricing would be at par to what we've paid in the past were the CDN$ be weaker.I'll pause here and note that the Parmesan and oregano bread rolls were great.  None of the bread was warm when served to us.  But they had good texture, crispiness, and taste.For entrees, my wife had the lobster stew.  Now, if we hadn't eaten at Bonaparte earlier on our trip, we would have the said the lobster stew was great.  However, the one at Bonaparte was both more in quantity and better prepared.  I had the braised short rib, which was fantastic.Throughout the dinner, we were served a number of amuse-bouche.  The first two prior to the starters were a crispy sandwich of cheese and tomato on a lollipop stick, and a lobster cappuccino with slices of truffle.  The former was just ok and the latter was very good.Between the starter and the entree, we were served two more.  The first was an egg nog with shaved truffle served in an eggshell.  The second was a melon sorbet with prosciutto and splash of port.  Both were very good.In order for me to have rated Europea as 5 stars, their service would have had to have been impeccable from start to finish, there would have had to have been more foie gras in the starter, and the lobster stew would have had to have had more lobster.  That said, it is still a great place and one that we'll likely try again.Oh, some other thoughts.  The 9-course tasting menu looked very good.  It had a bit of everything that we wanted and it was very tempting.  However, we went for a la carte because we wanted to try the lobster stew.  "La table d'hote" menu also looked good, but the entrees were not enticing enough.
5	One of the best dining experiences I have ever had! You must go here if visiting Montreal. The restaurant is very intimate--try to reserve a table upstairs.What I loved about Europea was that every course was very creative, playful, sophisticated....Appetizers: "lollipop-like" parmesean crisps with cheese, lobster "cappacino"...entree: mushroom ravioli with truffles...SO GOODdessert: This was the best part-bright pink cotton candy presented very creatively, macaroons, little French cookies that came in a Chinese takeout container...I will honestly go back to Montreal just for this restaurant because I am so interested to see what their next menu will be like.
5	This was a true "foodie" experience: great service and delicious food from start to finish.  We had a table at the top of the stairs, giving us a view of all the action - including all the dishes as they came up the stairs!  Without repeating the other reviews, my wife's lamb was succulent and sweet - amazing.  I had the most unbelievable deer chop; thick, moist and super flavorful.  With the amuse bouche, breads, intermezzo, and appetizers, it's basically like having a "tasting.". The wine selection was top notch, and the server suggested great choices (by the glass) for each part of the meal. This meal exceeded my expectations in every way.
5	Literally one of the best meals I've ever had. Didn't look as amazing from the outside but the second you walk in, it is a great setting. Definitely do the tasting menu. The Halibut was the best Halibut I've ever had and the lobster soup was the best lobster dish I've ever had. I highly recommend this place!
3	My boyfriend and I went to Europea for our 2010 New Year's dinner. I had Googled options for a few days and it seemed like a good choice to spend the countdown at. There was a special NYE tasting menu which we of course had... ok so I lied, I wanted the tasting menu haha. Some dishes were great while some were very very bad. There was one I couldn't take another bite of because it made me (us) want to throw up. Graphic, I know... but I don't think it was the restaurant's fault. The dish had a particular cheese in it that was just so overbearing and it offended my mouth!! and I love cheese! So that was weird. The service was overattentive which is always a good thing when you are wanting a romantic evening with your squeeze for a holiday. For the money and the inconsistency of the food, I don't think I will be going back again if I'm in Montreal.... Piet de Cochon will always win my vote...but it is a beautiful restaurant. Try it and form your opinion on the place? I honestly think your experience could go either way!
2	This was probably the biggest waste of money.  We got the table d'hote which was 60 bucks per person.  A lot of filler courses for pizzazz that just wasnt impressive, really a lot of fluff.  Started off with the lobster cappucino, which was good once you got passed the cream part.  The appetizer were parmesan crisps with goat cheese.  For appetizers we had the crab declination which was a trio of crab (not good, so bland), got the seared foie gras in which we really enjoyed the morel mushroom emulsion.  The highlight of the meal was definitely our entree.  If we had ordered only the entree we would have rated the meal higher.  We had the filet of halibut, cooked perfectly over creamy mashed potatoes, with a tomato "ketchup".  The veal cheeks were great! They were cooked perfectly, and were very flavorful.  Dessert was weird.  It was like a strawberry parfait, different, but not good with madelines.  They also brought out some petit fours consisting of passion fruit marshmellow, pistachio macarons and peach, and chocolate lollipop?  They gave us a nice parting gift of meringue cookies with nuts (although they tasted a little stale).
3	This is a pretty good restaurant, but I disagree with all the raving reviews.  I see the words creative, refined and sofisticated coming from my fellow reviewers.  I disagree.  I had the prix fix menu and I can't say I was impressed with any of the 8 or 9 dishes.  They are all good.  Just good.  I just spent the week eating at places like l'Epicier, Milos and Au Pied du Cuchon and this place just couldn't comparre.  I was bored. The service was not very good at all.  I mean, it wasn't bad, but the attitude was just not right.  If I'm paying $300 for dinner, I don't need a waitress who's snobby.  I was ordering 18 year Yamazaki and every time she brought one out, it was smaller than the last.  I mean, 2 sips maybe.  I've never gone anywhere where they serve such embarrassing drink portions.  Man, raise the price and serve a decent amount.  I didn't want to complain so finally I just said, "do me a favor, please take this back and tell the bartender to serve me a double because I'm not used to seeing a glass served with such little alcohol." This girl tells me, no, drink that and then I'll get you anotherone.  Are you kidding me?  This was just one of the things.  She had an attitude and frankly, I go pay big money to dine at these kinds of restaurants because I want to be treated like a king while I dine like a king.  As for the food, each dish was ok.  I did not think they were imaginative at all.  Like I said, absolutely nothing memorable.  Nothing I haven't had before.  When comparing it to the other restaurants we dined at in Montreal, I would say that this was easily the worst one.  The ambience was nice and the presentation was very good, but it just came up short in the service and food, which is why I go to a place like this in the first place.
3	I was really looking forward to this meal with all the awesome reviews.  I visited this restaurant for the last supper of a 3 day weekend trip to Montreal. I was very disappointed. First, the restaurant has a weird design.  The kitchen is in the basement, seating is available on the 1st and 2nd floor, and the bar is on the 2nd floor. I feel bad for the waiters there.  They had to walk up and down carrying the food and drinks.We had 2 discovery tasting menus with different selections so we can try everything.  They started us off with a lobster bisque, which was good but would of enjoyed more lobster bits in the "shot" of soup. Appetizers, we had the tomatoes with mozarella and crab salad.  The tomatoes were very sweet and served on top of a syrup glazed wafer-like thing, which made it even sweeter! I think I would of enjoyed it more with a savory cracker base instead.  The crab salad had non-existent crab.  Although the presentation was fancy, I was not impressed.  Thank god we ordered an extra appetizer, Bison tartare, which was the only fantastic dish. Entree, we had the mushroom ravioli which was very heavy and served on a big bowl, which made it hard to cut up and eat.  (They were huge pieces of ravioli, not bite-sized.)  Also, had the veal served with some potato puree, not impressed.  They finished the meal off with a bunch of sweets/cookies, icecream lollipop thing, a huge fluff of cotton candy, and more cookies to take home.  Sugar overload!I think they try really hard to make it creative and fun dining experience.  But for me, I care more about the food over the presentation.  The service was okay, they forgot our tea and coffee (had to remind them) and they did not offer ground pepper for our raviolis.  This was the most expensive meal we had during our trip and it was the most disappointing.  There are plenty of other nice restaurants to go to which will definitely give you a better "food" experience. (Toque! was excellent and so was Au Pied de Cochon)
4	Last night in Montreal, and Restaurant Toque was closed for the holidays and Au Pied du Cochon was booked...So, Europea was next in line. It was a tough choice between the other contenders...and there are so many good choices in Montreal. But i only had limited time and money. So, here it goes. SERVICE was 5 stars....our experience was very positive from every staff member. i forgot to mention, i went with my wife and 6yr old daughter.. we ordered Ala carte for our daughter, while my wife and i had the tasting menu. They still brought out some soup, amuse bouche and desserts for FREE for my daughter. They were Very friendly, accommodating to my daughter and attentive to our needs. They anticipated every need...water was never empty or low, offered more wine when my drink was low, silverware replaced consistently, chef Ferrer comes out to greet us, Host comes by to check our satisfaction, the wait between dishes was well paced and presented well, and our jackets were waiting for us when we are about to leave the restaurant. No attitude, and very generous. Ambiance- The restaurant was very nice and tasteful....it feels very romantic, clean and well designed. 4-stars for this. FOOD- unfortunately, after eating at other heavy hitting places....the food here seemed pretty average. So 3 stars for this..... Everything was good....but the flavor is rather average...nothing really blew my mind. So, blow by blow account.... Bread/butter - 4-5 kinds of bread....but all of them seem to be the same kind. i had the olive bread and fig bread. It was a bit salty also. Parmesan crisp lollipop- nice texture. lobster cappuccino- i was expecting a thick lobster bisque...but i guess that is not the point in calling it cappucino...coz' it really had the consistency of coffee. its good and light...and would be better if he pronounced the truffle more. Foie gras- Awesome! this was done perfectly...and i love this preparation as well. Cod-this was good, very light, you can taste the flavor of the fish...has a bit of a mackerel flavor.Not sure what the sauce did...it was rich but not memorable. Mediterranean bass- this is basically sushi. Its good...but Im a big sushi fan, and Ive had better white fish than this...he should've used some truffle oil....and bring out the flavor more. giant scallop- again, this is another great dish that could use more flavor... bearnaise is just too bland and rich. cornwell chicken- great presentation, but very plain...very traditional. I wish he included some darkmeat and whitemeat to contrast the texture and flavor. Flavor is very clean and brings out the fresh chicken flavor. Fresh mushroom ravioli- love the truffle sauce! TRUFFLES!! i wish i had more of this... Smoked short ribs- wins best presentation by bringing it out in a smoked cover....but flavor was very typical...i wish he used pork belly instead....short rib could be more tender melt in your mouth...but it was very grainy. The galette of root vegetables also didn't work well with it... Cheese- not much selection...actaully, we didnt even choose...only 2 kinds were brought out with some nuts and jams...it was the perfect amount since we were getting full. Dessert was very good- probably the best part. It was simple and very familiar....frozen parfait, sugar coated marshmallow, macarons, sorbet with marangue...etc. Love them all! So, im not sure if im just jaded....but i would rate Europea in the middle. Not bad by any means....and i would love to return....The price is very reasonable for the amount of food you get and the quality you get....it just did not show enough definition, or any stand out flavorto it....presentation gets all high marks...but it was just lacking in flavor...they played it too safe by sticking to a more traditional flavor range........the wine selection is very good,...i had a bordeau...which was fantastic.... and with the great service and staff...i think it gets a well deserving 4-star.
5	Easily in my Top Five Restauarnts..a unique, amazing dining experience in the beautiful city of Montreal. I'm pretty sure our 4  course prix fix meal ended up being 10 with all the add-ons, plus the take home cotton candy and madolines in a chinese take out box. I am used to amuse bouches and after dinner treats, but I have never been to a place where I got a got the worlds tastiest 'cheese cigar' served to me in a humidor in between my app and entree. And then some slices of sashimi right after that (can't remember the fish). The food itself was really great..especially the foie...seared and finished with veal ju and a pinch of coffee, it was a really rich dish...very bold for the chef to serve it like that as opposed to the usually way of serving seared foie with some sort of fruit garnish to offset the richness of the foie. The teaser of a lobster "cappucino" with black truffle left me speechless. My entree of veal cheeks was really good, but maybe a tad less exciting than what came before. Then the parade of desserts...all Ii can say is..wow. And the value for all this food is amazing. I can't wait to come back and do the tasting.
5	So we wanted a really nice dinner one night.  Being from NYC I figured this would set me back about $300-400.  Well this place came highly recommended from some fellow Yelpers, so I decided to give it a whirl.I made a reservation from the hotel and was greeted by a friendly waiter who took our coats and gave me a special message.  It was a hand written letter from the Chef Jerome Ferrer, I've never been given anything like that to begin a meal, I was impressed.Looking at the menu I was a bit disappointed.  I have a mushroom allergy and could not eat most of the entrees, and I hate being a bother.  I settled on a dish called Morue which is fillet of cod, homemade tomato ketchup tapenade, potato espuma and peas emulsion.  Well I'll never say settled again....it was phenominal.We were also treated to multiple appetizers including a cheese cigar served in a humidor, a lobster creme cappuchino, and a wonderful pistachio dessert.This place was wonderful and made you feel very special.  The waitstaff is great at what they do and you will enjoy yourself completely.  Oh and the huge bill I though I was going to have was just upwards of $200 with tip.  Very resonable.
5	Unbelievable!  Every course was delicious.  I had the short-ribs which were tender as mother's heart. The tasting menu was so satisfying.  Service was consistently excellent.  Great vibe.
5	Wow. Now here is a fantastic place where they seamlessly marry amazing food with beautiful presentation. Then there's the elegant and yet relaxed atmosphere with exemplary customer service. We're from the SF Bay Area and have eaten at numerous amazing restaurants including several times at The French Laundry. We were completely blown away by Europea's food-- they hit especially hard with their teaser the Lobster Cream Cappuccino with Truffle Shavings. To. Die. For. Treat yourself- go here.
5	I heard this was an amazing restaurant, but it was really even better than expected. Each dish was incredible and in between the restaurant serves up creative little bites.  We had the waiter pair our dishes with a recommended wine and the wine choices were perfect also. Service & atmosphere... all A+. So far, this is the best restaurant I have been to in Montreal.
2	Eurpea was recomended from our hotel.  However, If you are hungry do not bother coming to this place.  Starting on a bad note...Our table was updatirs near the spiral staircase and shook everytime the waiters and patrons went up and down the stairs.  That was very distracting.The portions were small, in fact the chef contantly sends out free apps, like the lobster bisque in a espresso cup  Other free apps were cheese cigars, similar to a mozarella stick, tempura cauliflower, mini olive muffin and a small sampling of  deserts.However, the real misconception was the hen I ordered was shown in the roating pot tableside  and was brought back to the kitchen and presented back to me with only 2 oz of meat.  For the price of $34, I should get 1/4 bird.I also agree with other reviews the wine pours are skimpy as well.The food presenations was pretty cool, but I would rather have bigger portions.   I would not go back again.Try DNA aor other guide book recomendations,
5	This restaurant is worth the price of admission.  Very rich food with whimsical little apps in between made for an enjoyable experience.  Service was great and attentive, while the sommelier was very helpful.  It is located right off Ste. Catherine street and is a must try.  Looking forward to going back again.
5	We went there last night for my birthday.  And what a birthday dinner it was!  About 2 minutes after we sat down we had two amuse bouches- goat cheese and latka "lollipops" and mini bread-sticks.  That was followed up by 2 prosciutto "chips" and something else amazing.  Then we had a piece each of cheese wrapped in smokey bacon, served in the glass dome shown in a picture here on Yelp.  All that before we even ordered!  In short, this place is all about atmosphere, presentation, and impeccable service (thanks, Jack!).  The food is absolutely out of this world.  The prices are to be expected, but the "extras" make it all worth it.  The dessert was 5 courses, including cotton candy!  And you walk out with freshly baked mini-madeleine cookies and macaroons.  Unreal.  Drinks are good, but very pricey, so watch out ($25 champagne cocktails?  really?  thank goodness it was a special night).I was very happy with this as my birthday dinner and do recommend it to others..  To respond to Gary F.'s review:  the portions are small because they're FULL of butter and fat and all sorts of things that if you have too much of, you'll feel ill.  We went on empty stomachs (after a 5 hr drive from Boston) and were completely full when we left.
5	This was a celebratory night for me, and Europea put the exclamation point on it.  I had the tasting menu with wine pairing.  The food . . . it's been said.  There was not one dish I didn't like.  The calamari (with the poached quail egg), the cornish hen (roasted in hay) and the venison stood out for me.  The fact that the venison came close to the end and I ate it like I hadn't eaten that day should speak as to how the quality and flavors of the food just build.  The presentation and innovation were also great, but not too over-the-top.  The service is very respectful and knowledgeable.  The sommelier was awesome and spot-on; he really wanted to give me wines I hadn't tried before, and they still worked.  This place was a Per Se-like experience for me.  I'm just sorry I forgot my for-the-road goodies when I left.
5	This was not my first time to Europea and the occassion was to celebrate a birthday.  It was the best birthday dinner celebration ever!  As usual the food was delicious and the service was beyond perfect!  The wait staff are all great and the little amuse bouces so creative that we all couldn't get over the originality of it all.Its the best treat in town!
5	What to say about Europea?  First of all, I'd like to mention that I went with my 12 year old son.  He has a pretty open mind when it comes to food but this exceeded all my expectations.  The servers were great with him, not condescending at all.  He ordered the Cornish Hen and they brought the whole pot out with the hen sitting on a bed of hay to show him beforehand.  He ate literally every bite, including the artichoke puree and the ratatouille and wiped the plate clean.  I had the 6 course tasting menu which was wonderful.  They cook the foie gras on a rock that they bring out prior to the foie gras itself which they sear on one side in the kitchen, and it finishes cooking on the rock right in front of you.  Amazing!Everything other people have said about the food is true:  The tons of little bites they give you before even bringing your appetizer, the cotton candy, the cookies on the way out.  We even got the note from the chef wishing us a good dinner.What a wonderful meal!
5	Wow. Wow. I've eaten some pretty long meals, but the degustation was a 3.5 hour experience. The 10 courses is more like 15 after the amuse bouches, etc. We finished a bottle of wine and had 4 courses left.  Service was fantastic. The special touches and creativity are unparalleled. Word of warning, you should refuse to sit on the second floor. We bounced around (wine glasses shaking, noticeable chair vibration) with every step of every waiter, and they have a lot of waiters. I'm going back if I'm in Montreal again, but I will walk out before I sit on the second floor.
2	Presentation was fantastic, food was very good. However, the service was surprisingly poor and the wine pairing for the tasting was not impressive. Overall, a disappointing experience.
5	Came here for a bachelor party dinner reserved at 10pm! We didn't leave until 12am. It doesn't get more classy than that. We all had the pre fixe course. The menu listed it as 5-6 consecutive pieces, but the crazy chef added twice the amount of dishes we order that in between. We had prosciutto served to us on mini clotheslines. Our Foie Gras was smoked on a piece of wood right on our plates. The best dish for me was the Lobster Cappuccino which was less of a cappuccino and more of a soup. I didn't know you can heighten the flavor of an already flavorful seafood but this chef did it. Last but not least, big thanks to our waiter (which I'm ashamed we forgot his name). It takes the chef's dishes and our waiter's dramatic delivery of each to make the experience so spectacular. The theatricality is really what makes this high-end place more enjoyable than others. It is very pricey --the most I've ever paid for a meal but you only live once.
5	My wife and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. We were referred by the concierge at our hotel and had not heard of the restaurant before. I read the Yelp reviews for some background and can say that they were pretty much all 100% spot on. Here are some observations from our meal;  - Arrived and were seated upstairs in a far back room (behind the naked lady statue :). This is a great quiet room, especially as the restaurant filled up.  - Receiving a note from the chef is a great touch...  - Service was flawless, couldn't have been better.  - My wife ordered a Sea Bass Entree and a I ordered the prix fix menu with Scallops. Both of us had the Calamari appetizer.  - The waiter helped us choose a wine and did a great job.  - The Calamari appetizer was unbelievable, both in taste, but also in preparation. It really *is* linguine, but it is calamari... I'm still amazed.  - The scallops were really good, but so were the lemon.dill, chive potatoes and the caramelized endive.  - I'd suggest passing on expensive after dinner drinks... very few things pair well with cotton candy, certainly not Port. The little sweets that make up "pre-desert" were really great..   - My wife ordered a dessert I can only call "ball of chocolate with ice cream, bananas and hot mango sauce. The server poured the mango over the ball and it dissolved into a plate full of deliciousness... that was an amazing thing to see, really the highlight of an amazing meal.
5	Amazing culinary experience in Montreal! Food was excellent and presentation was pure art... Dry ice and smoked scallop actual smoke under the lid... Service was outstanding ... And no attitude with me walking in without reservation wearing jeans... Yes, very expensive but I think worth the experience.
2	Im not clear what the hype is all about.  The concept behind the food and decor felt dated to the late 90s.   The atmosphere was repressed/quiet.  The food was so-so.  Most of it tasted pre-prepped from earlier in the week or afternoon.We chose the degustation menu with the wine pairing.  The food had a few standouts: lobster cappuccino, the lobster scampi and the desserts.  Basically I learned that the chef makes excellent lobster stock.  Everything else was pretty unremarkable.  The cute "surprises" that they send out were fun, but the flavors just weren't there.  Showing me a pot with an old hen in it with some scentless steam for dramatic effect makes no sense when I receive a 3oz portion. (that said, the broth was fantastic). A smoked salmon canape in a box filled with smoke is cute but it tasted like it was made 2 days prior and seriously, it is 2012... canapes?   The most egregious problem with our meal was the wine pairing.  $65 for what was at most 6oz of wine.  We did not receive any wine until the 4th dinner item (how is this possible?).  Once we did, we had to miserly ration each sip to try to make it through the next course.   The wine service here is inexcusable.For a $450 tab for two people (including tip) I expect much more than this restaurant had to offer.   The night before we had an amazing meal for less than half the cost at Les Deux Gamins with a much more exciting atmosphere.  The reviews here are the most misleading I have ever experienced on Yelp and leads me to believe the reviewers only dine out on vacation. If you want whimsical mediocre food, this is the place for it.
5	The food is wild and there are many delicious surprises.  Highly imaginative ingredients, techniques and presentation.  For example our prosciutto was served on a clothesline accompanied by goat cheese lollipops.  Tasting menu was $97.50.  I'd give it 6 stars if possible.
5	My husband and I came here to celebrate our ten-year anniversary after a recommendation by our hotel concierge.   Words simply cannot express how wonderful our experience was.  The dinner was without a doubt the highlight of our entire week in Montreal.We splurged and both had the tasting menu, which is an absolute steal at under $100 each.  Throughout the meal we kept commenting on what a great deal we were getting!  Eating at Europea is a total experience - it is not just a culinary experience; it is also completely entertaining in every way!  Starting with the food: it was absolutely delicious, everything we had.  I just kept saying to myself, "I didn't know my tastebuds could feel this way!!" But on top of that, it was so creative.  Each piece brought out was a work of art.  We had just as much fun discovering what was next as we did eating it!  The waiters are also courteous and humorous, and I laughed out loud on many occasions.  Months later, we are still raving about our experience to everyone.  We could not recommend Europea more highly!
2	Oh dear. Where to begin? The Europea team definitely deserves a four-star rating for effort as they did try their best to present themselves as a five-star restaurant, but unfortunately that was the exact theme for the night.... " To Try." Yoda would not be pleased. Everything from the service to the endless stream of courses upon courses had the definite perception of trying to emulate a high-end gourmand experience, but unfortunately they never succeeded in fully convincing. The decor would have been befitting in a casual dining cafe, and crispy bacon hanging from from a rack... where have I seen that before? Dishes such as the lobster cappuccino and cornish hen smoked with hay were reminiscent of signature dishes at other better-known nouvelle establishments, but arguments on originality and creativity aside, nothing was a revelation to my taste buds. Classic case of quality over quantity - I would rather have been presented the set number of advertised courses that were executed to perfection over a myriad of so-so and "almost-there" bits that Europea elected to serve instead. Sadly, this is the only restaurant experience that I have actually been genuinely bored at - after about 9 courses and two bottles of wine we were ready to cut our losses and signaled the waiter for the bill. Montreal has too many restaurants serving French classics to justify spending it for mediocre haute cuisine at Europea. We had a fantastic time at other nearby restaurants with better food at a fraction of the price!
5	We have been going to Europea for three years now, whenever we are in Montreal.  The food is amazing, and a 10 course tasting menu is under $100 which is a great price.  That being said, the service is just amazing.  They are attentive and patient, making you feel like the center of attention throughout the night.The dishes were delicious and well thought out.  I was so full by dessert, but it is impossible not to eat it.  You get a lovely cotton candy dish along with other goodies.  Also, they always give you a little gift to take home, so that you can remember your night the next day.  This time I got a brioche that you bake up so that you can experience the aromas again.The other part of this particular evening that was exceptional, was due to the fact that we messed up our reservation.  They did their best to accommodate us, and I was so happy, as we would not have had another chance to come back during our short trip.This place has become "our" place, where we go to celebrate or for a romantic evening.  I highly recommend it.
5	Excellent food and great experience. Try the tasting menu and you won't be disappointed.
4	Ahh...was ALMOST 5/5...I'll explain why I gave this place a 4 belowSo, I needed a good place to bring my fiance to for his birthday. Something classy yet romantic. New and exciting yet delicious. Friends referred me to Europea, saying that although the food isn't worth what you pay for it, the overall experience is. So, wanting to pamper my fiance, off to Europea we went!Upon entering, we were happy with the ambience and the nice reception we were greeted with. We were seated in a secluded area of the restaurant upstairs - something I was grateful for. We looked at the menus, and quickly made our decision. Fiance was to take the 12 course tasting menu, and I would take the table d'hote with the fois gras for an extra $12. A half bottle of wine for $45 was also decided on (yes, 45 is a bit much for less than 12oz of wine......).So, I won't go into ALL the details regarding the food, but I will say that we were really happy with all the "surprises" from the kitchen ranging from cheese lollipops and cigars to charcuterie hung from a wire by a clothespin to little sponge cakes from bordeaux and more. We were also very pleased with the presentation of all the food. Sure, they could have just put everything in bowls and on plates, but they went above and beyond to be as creative as possible when serving food.The staff was very friendly and accommodated our requests, and although at times I wondered if it was too expensive, I decided that the service surpassed ANY restaurant I've been to in North America, and so it was fine.My only tiny piss off was the fact that the fois gras I paid an extra $12 for was kind of gross. My fiancee gladly ate it (although the same thing was to be brought to him a few courses later). What we did instead was ask the waiter if it was possible to remove the $12 charge and simply not bring my fiance his portion. We were told that this wasn't possible. Seeing as to how I did order it, I gladly accepted that. The problem for me was when the waiter came around 2 minutes later and apologetically asked me if he could bring me a different appetizer instead (one that was part of my table d'hote). I said sure and when he asked me what I wanted, I told him to bring whatever (assuming that it was for free since he was the one who proposed). So, he brought me a bison tartare which was to DIE for. However, I must admit that I felt VERY ripped off when the bill came, and I was charged an extra $20 for this appetizer on top of the $70 table d'hote and the $12 fois gras bringing my THREE course meal to be more expensive than my fiance's TWELVE course meal!!! I didn't fuss about it because I didn't want to put a dent in our good night, but that move definitely left a sour taste in my mouth. Up until then, I was saying that I would definitely go back, but now I'm not so sure.All in all, it was a cool experience. Would I go back?? Unfortunately no, but definitely give it a try! (I mean after all, who doesn't love cotton candy with dessert??) I'm really sad our waiter had to put that crappy move on us..otherwise, I'd be making reservations right now for next weekend! :|
3	I'm back after a long hiatus from writing reviews. I've been quite busy over the past few months. My wife and I recently went to Europea to celebrate a special occasion. I consider Jerome Ferrer to be one of the most premier chefs in Montreal. So needless to say that I've really been looking forward to eat there and had high expectations.We had the tasting menu, and as everybody previously mentioned,the service and presentation were intricate and impeccable, if not somewhat intimidating. Maybe that was the reason as to why I didn`t enjoy my experience as much as I would have wanted. I just never felt comfortable at my table. As for the food, I have to say that none of the dishes particularly struck me taste wise. There were no misses but there were also no dishes that will make me run back to this restaurant. The amuse-bouche and the vast array of desserts were most probably the best part. In all, a good meal but I may have set my expectations way too high. A good restaurant to come to on an expense account. Otherwise, there are other better tasting menus in the city.
4	More in the blog - highlight dishes mentioned below:The Why: Jerrome Ferrer is kind of a big deal in and around Montreal -Relais & Chateaux, 4-Diamonds, and the praise of many gourmands follow his name and a place in the Chaine des Rotisseurs particularly caught my attention.  Admittedly a fan of fine dining with an agenda that otherwise included Quebecois staples of poutine, pigs feet, and as much maple syrup as I could find Europea seemed a perfect choice for my one solo night in Montreal - a good reason for the suit and tie as opposed to the Patrick Roy jersey, at the very least.The Service:  Whether it was my inability to speak French, the fact that I only ordered one glass of wine, or an effect of the fact that there was a large (14 or so) table of regulars seated directly behind me I will simply say that the service at Europea was lacking.  Twenty minute waits between courses, water unfilled for long periods of time, bread service unreplenished, and an inexplicable twenty minute wait at the end of the meal where not a single server walked within fifteen feet of my table (aside from up and down the stairs) to check in, refill coffee, or offer the bill.  I was an island of one in the dead-center of the restaurant for the majority of my visit - something I've never experienced at such a restaurant and hope to never experience again.  It was mentioned to the manager when I asked to see the kitchen at the end of the evening - he blew me off with an "oh, well, I'm sorry to hear that."The Food:  $100 tasting menu, one $19 glass of ice wine, complementary canapes, amuses, mignardises, bread service, $4.50 coffee.Calamari - Tagliatelle of Calamari Carbonara:  With many chefs making squid noodles and turning everything into a haute carbonara I'll simply say this dish could have fallen way short for me, but in fact it was probably the best of the night in terms of innovation and execution as the tender squid was nearly indistinguishable from al dente pasta while the use of a poached Quail Egg, squid ink and garlic butter croutons, and lemon 'caviar' all melded into a bright and balanced sauce - I could have eaten a giant bowl of this and left happy.Foie Gras - Maple:  In a trip filled with fatty fowl liver this was probably the most memorable in terms of 'wow' factor as a thick slice of the lobe arrive previously smoked over maple wood and seared on one side only to be placed on a hot river stone tableside and doused with ice wine allowing it to caramelize under a glass dome as I watched and enjoyed a tasty cloudberry canale meant to 'whet the palate."  Smoky and unctuous, sweet with a crystalline crust giving way to supple fat - I'd be hard pressed to name five better foie preparations in the last five years.Raviole - Fresh organic-herb ravioli stuffed porcini mushrooms:  Never afraid to serve up the bold flavors, this plate was the very essence of the earth and a perfect lead in to the final savory.  Featuring "Seared Mushrooms picked by Mr Roberts" including a woodsy cascade of Enoki, Shitake, Morels, Honshimiji, and Trumpets served alongside thin noodles stuffed with truffled Enoki puree the dish was completed with buttery morel mushroom froth with the smell greeting you at 10 feet and the flavor every bit as powerful; this plate also returned to the kitchen without a spot. The Verdict:  With the previously mentioned service flaws frequently marring the otherwise excellent cuisine and my comments about this blown off by the manager clearly tempering my feelings about a return to Europea I have to admit that on the whole the cuisine was quite goodt and at less than $100 before tax/tip (and converting to the US Dollar) Europea would not be out of place amongst the Michelin 1-Star restaurants of New York, Chicago, or San Francisco.  Certainly a bit of attention to detail would be welcomed, but taking into consideration the ravioli, squid noodles, and foie gras I cannot deny that the meal was a memorable one.
5	From the first course to the last, possibly the best meal I've ever eaten - and I've eaten at places that are more than twice the price. They expertly executed every taste sensation from savory to smoky to sweet. If you're ever in Montreal, this is a must try!
5	Had the tasting menu. The most intricate and entertaining presentation I've seen (5 / 5). The service was very good to excellent (4.5/ 5). Minus half a point for a slight rushed feeling.  The food was prepared exceptionally well (5/5), but I'd say only 2-3 dishes out of 9 or so really wowed me (4.5/ 5). Overall great experience.
4	A very special evening.  We were a group for a birthday.  We were pampered like there is no tomorrow!  The service staff gets 6 stars in my book.  Eating a Europea is all about the show and the extras.  Surprises after tasty surprises.  Why not 5 stars you may ask? The food was somewhat bland (I feel like I am committing a huge sin writing that).  I has scallops for my main course and it was... short on flavor?  The desert (besides the extra sweets and cotton candy and, and ,and...) was a spin on eggs and hash brown. No one around the table I think liked it!  At that point we were all full so no one said much.  Weird textures, weird taste, it just did not work.  My wife had the foie gras that was cook on a heated stone with maple flavor or vapors under a glass dome.  Spectacular but the foie gras was essentially raw and aaaaa... well a bit slimy.  We both love foie gras but this was weird.For the rest, the calamari carbonara was yummy, the lobster cappuccino like nothing you ever had, and on and on.  So I am torn.  I think I will have to go again.  On the other hand, so many other places to try and so little  time.
5	Europea Restaurant fed us what may be one of the most memorable meals we'll ever have. If I were to list all of the food they brought us (it's so much more than what you order) this review would be a few pages long, so I'll resist and give you what you need to know. This is a beautiful restaurant - very classy and romantic setting. The service is impeccable. Everyone is friendly, polite and patient (describing dishes again and again) and our server was also hilarious, with a very dry sense of humour. Not all of the food ranks with the most delicious I've ever had, though it's all very tasty, but the creativity and artistry with which it's presented is... well it's just really something else. Once you've had a book that lets out a cloud of fragrant wood smoke brought to you to find a single piece of gravlax on lemon cream in a pastry shell inside, you can't really think of a cooler way to have salmon served to you. Favourite dishes of the many we were brought were the tagliatelle of calamari and the lobster cream cappuccino. The madeleines and macarons we were served with dessert were also exceptionally good. This is a very pricey night out, but even at this cost going once is worth it if you can appreciate experiencing food as a total sensory experience rather than based on taste alone. If you are all about big portions of delicious food (and I can definitely appreciate that), this might not be the restaurant for you, but I'm so glad that we got to go.
5	PROS:1. One of the most amazing and whimsical dining experiences I've ever had! Absolutely spectacular. I don't want to give away any surprises but basically each dish is a little magical show in itself and the food was delicious. Despite costing an arm and half, it's totally worth it. 2. Service is impeccable.
5	It was more than a restaurant it was an experiance. Was in Montreal from NYC for the long weekend and this was a must on my list of places to eat . The outside and decour was average but once the dishes started it was non stop excitement. My fiance and I had the tasting menu and after 3 1/2 hour of what seemed like endless plates we were both stuffed. The wait staff were very great explaining what each dish was being served. The price was a bit high and added higher taxes then i was used to in NY but it is worth a visit at least once
5	If you want a true culinary experience I recommend coming here (request to sit downstairs in the chefs area). The food presentation is superb....the dishes are all beautifully prepared and flavorful. The service is impeccable. We ordered the small tasting menu (the restaurant has 2 - there's the big one...the chefs tasting menu...and the there's another one that has 3 courses) which was definitely enough food. I can't even begin to go over each course (though the most memorable came out in a Harry Potter type book with steam), as you'd be reading forever. So in sum, this is fine dining at its finest in Montreal, and is a must try.
5	Words cannot describe the truly unique journey you go through on their tasting menu. I'm not even going to try. It is a show, an experience, and a memory that will last for decades.So I will say this:We paid $99/ea for the 12 course tasting menu, another $64 for 5 wine pairings. To me that is a lot of money for dinner. I think this is one of the most expensive meals I have ever had. It is WORtH EVERY PENNY though, In fact sitting back and reflecting I would value the meal I received that night at $450 per person. No joke, if tomorrow they increased the price to $299 for the 12 course meal and wine went to $149 I wouldn't even hesitate pulling out my American Express. They would deserve it. The food is so incredible and the service exquisite. I have never felt so highly valued. I think we had 3-4 waitstaff taking care of us. I tipped 45% and felt they deserved more.This place is so good I am going to take my wife and fly non-stop from San Francisco to Montreal, have dinner and stay the night and fly back the next day. This restaurant is truly world class. It surpassed my every expectation and I will be back annually for anniversaries and/or very special occasions.
3	The food and service was out of this world.  The wine parings were incredibly well-done.  I recommend that the restaurant refuse young children in the dining room.  The ambiance is disturbed by children getting bored and noisy while their parents enjoy a 3 hour meal.  I don't blame the child, I blame the parents and the restaurant for not realizing that that young children will get fussy when kept awake until 11pm, and bother the other diners.  Also, there should be a dress code.  Basketball shorts, a t-shirt and flip-flops, daisy dukes and a tube top, are not appropriate attire to dine - unless you're a rap star and an hourly employee.  I understand they just took over the whole building, so perhaps the restaurant over-expanded.
4	Although Canada doesn't have the Michelin rating, I would imagine that Europea would be apart of the list.  I was very impressed starting from the 3 different butter assortment which included: whipped, salted, and seaweed.  Then came two amuse bouche that were both visually appealing and delicious.  One was a clothes line which hung little pieces of Canadian jerky.  Also had blue cheese fried lollipops and truffle salt covered popcorn.  We were each given a lobster cuppacino which was kind of like a thick version of lobster bisque.I ordred the maple infused foie gras which was additional cost but well worth it.  They give you a large piece of foie gras on top of a hot stone that cooks instantly with a capped glass dome.  Wasn't a fan of the seared scallops or the beef (which was recommended to me by the waiter). Surprisingly the chicken was actually really moist and tender and probably the best dish. We were offered an assortment of desserts to choose from the dessert tray.  We tried the macaroon and creme brule. They also gave us a box of warm madelines to go. Will definitely be back.
5	Very good food and fun atmosphere.  Best meal by far in Montreal!
5	Having dined at Michelin establishments in Europe, I have to admit that this comes pretty close to deserving at least a star if not more. We were visiting montreal for the weekend and had already made reservations couple of weeks ago. Reservations seem extremely hard to come by at a convenient time, so reserve early to avoid disappointment. As soon as we were seated the food mostly in tapas style started arriving. It was presented in a quirky way especially the prosciutto chips hanging on a clothesline. Some dishes did not hit the mark from a taste perspective but scored high marks on culinary genius and creativity. The initial barrage of tapas left me in a food coma and I was not quite sure how much capacity I had left in me to get to the main part of the meal. They offer 2 different tasting menus and I think it's a great value for the price, we chose the smaller of the 2 tasting menus. We were served by different servers throughout our meal and I only had issues with one of them since they did not handle my cocktail request very well. HighlightsLobster cream Cappuccino with truffle - How can you not like this combination? I was salivating the minute I saw this dish on the menu.Goat cheese lollipops with parmesan - Heavenly, need I say more !Scallops - Delicious crust and the risotto was a perfect pairing with the earthiness of the mushroomsRavioli - We cleaned up this plate upto the last tiny morsel!DisappointmentsMaple bark stewed pan-seared foie gras, caramelized on a river stone with ice wine - This is a test of patience especially when the end product doesnt meet your expectations. The presentation is fun and you have to wait for the foie gras to cook itself on the hot stone. Unfortunately the temperature of the stone was higher than necessary which had an overall impact on the flavors I could taste. I think their earlier combination with mushrooms looks more appealing to me.The dessert was presented in a creative way (like a fried egg) but from a flavor perspective it did not pack a sweet punch. If you looking for a fun and adventurous dining experience, look no further than Europea. They change their menu every season, I can't wait to go back in the fall or spring to try out the inventive cuisine.
5	I'm not sure why someone classified their menu as Polish / French, but I can assure one and all, that the menu is very, very french.The only thing I have to say about Europea is there is going out to dinner to eat, and going out to dinner to dine. Going to Europea, is going out to dine and experience food using all 5 of your senses. The food was beautiful to see, sometimes to hear, smell, feel, and taste.My wife and I had the 99$ taster menu with wine pairing and every glass of wine / champagne complemented the plate in front of us beautifully. We were able to see and feel the passion and knowledge the sommelier had for the wine/champagne he was serving us. The server, explained to us eloquently in French and English the plate in front of us what we were about to have served. All in all, the service from the moment we walked into the restaurant, until we left was impeccable; we were even asked if a cab was needed as we paid the bill and one was waiting for us, as we walked out the door a few minutes later.
5	Definitely one of the best restaurants in town. This is not your everyday restaurant - but perfect for a special occasion. The tasting menu will take you through an amazing culinary experience. Each service is very well though of and executed, and the service is friendly yet very profesional. It's pricey of course, but you will definitely enjoy something new. A must-try, at least once!The lunches are also very good - faster to match your agenda, and the prices are beyong reasonable for what you will get. Enjoy!!!
4	The restaurant is beautiful and classy from the moment that you walk in. They took our coats and seated us promptly. The table on the top floor near the stairs bounced from time to time as people walked heavily. The presentations were beautifully prepared, the wine menu was extensive. The presentations were fun, but I was more interested in the underlying food. The popcorn was too old and hard, the cigars too salty, the smoke from the salmon box was delightful. The butters were interesting and the bread fresh but overly crusty. The clafoutis was served in an incredible little dish. The foie gras was good but not the best that I have ever had, the caramelization was a bit too deep, the canele didn't have the crisp exterior, though the cloudberry was nice. The veal cheek was incredibly beefy in flavour, the potatoes on top were wonderful. Dessert was beautiful to behold but not as sweet as I would have liked. The champagne macaron didn't really have a great champagne flavour, but the macaron was well made.Do this for the experience. The delights of having different plates put in front of you with interesting containers. It's a beautiful presentation and the service.
4	The food was great The staff was some of the best trained I have ever experienced Our seats on the 2nd level by the stairs did shake with each person walking up and down, but the vantage point to see the hustle and flow is worth it.Plan on 3 hours at the very least to sit and enjoy your meal.Lots of courses and little tasting treats in between courses.Make no mistake, the place is a little stuffy with pomp, but if you go with the flow the experience is fun and very tasty.Its not cheap, but don't  there if your on a budget.Do go there if you want good food in a very enjoyable space.The beehive of staff movement all around you at times can be a bit disconcerting and you may feel like your in a rail station with all the comings and goings.Great wine and mixed drinks.This is a very good and creative dining experience and one not found in most cities I travel to.The desert presentation was tasty and well thought out as a cap to the meal.Fun bite size sweets surrounding a cotton candy tree was tasty and we left with both a food, drink and sweet high.
4	Better looking than taste.
4	A little more whimsy than I normally prefer in a meal, but everything was very good. The "cigars" to start the meal were fantastic.   Definitely would recommend the tasting menu, though some of  the options that were not on the tasting menu looked delicious as well.
3	I really wanted to like this place. But another disappointment yet in the foodie trip this time in Montreal. It must be because we are not used to "good" as defined by Montreal. People are friendly for sure. So it's not because of service. We had lunch reservation on a tues in May. We both got the decouverte menu. I chose to add the foie gras for $12. First came the cappuccino with lobster. Very tasty! Then the foie gras was good. Wasn't spectacular like the stuff we had in Quebec City but definitely above average. Then my main course of the scallop came. It was not fresh and had sand all over it. My hubby had the short rib and was Terrible. It was tough and bitter. Sauce was salty.  He gave up on it after 2 bites. We both exchanged for the seabass. Filet. It was much better but not exactly tasty. I guess we have been spoiled dining all over the world.  For French food you definitely cannot beat France. In particular we loved the wine and champagne regions - Bordeaux and Epernay!
5	Exceptional foodie experience, very fine dining and original wine pairing. Lots of creativity and almost everything perfectly executed. Expensive but sooo good! Will definitely go back!!!(nothing polish at all here!)
5	The surprises kept coming!  I was excited about this meal but after a few days of seeing the sites around Montreal we considered doing something more casual for the night. After Europea, we were glad that we went with our reservation!  The number of appetizers treat type items that they bring, one after the other, is truly incredible. Truffle oil popcorn, homemade jerky on a clothesline, lobster cappuccino, smoke salmon displayed in a wooden box, on and on. The entrees were very good but the experience was out of this world!Best surprise came at the end when the cotton candy tree, marshmallows, chocolate truffle, and meringue to-go all arrived. You pay a lot but you are paying for entertainment as well as your meal. I am cheap/frugal but this was a unique experience worth every Penney.
5	We made a reservation on our first night in Montreal without knowing what to expect. We both chose the chef's degustation menu and were not let down. The courses were creative and fanciful, service was professional and friendly and ambience was pleasant. One of the best chef's tastings I've had. We would definitely return if we make it back to Montreal in the future.Highly recommended!
5	Europea might just be the best meal I've ever had. I had the tasting menu, which is about $100. A little pricey but definitely worth it.The tasting menu is a culinary experience to say the least. The presentation of each item is very interesting and creative. Everything was amazing. I particularly loved the lobster cappuccino which was out of this world.This place is simply world class. Impeccable service as well.
4	The atmosphere was incredible. However, some of the courses are not that tasty. But they all look fancy anyways. I like the risotto and the lobster coffee. The foie gras was fantastic. I love the place anyway.
5	Fabulous experience. Food was very imaginative. Service was very attentive. Wine list very strong. A true event. Give yourself 3h to be safe. Don't read about the dishes here. Most fun if you are surprised.
5	5 stars for the experience, 4 stars for the food. Great service, very interactive, and a creative menu. Desserts were fantastic. The meal was also very good (not all were hits but most were quite tasty) and would definitely go back.
5	Excellent experience. Enjoyed the 10 course tasting menu coupled with the wine pairing. Every dish had a creative spin on the presentation. It tasted great also. The girl I was with was done with her wine after round 6, so I doubled up on the wine glasses from 7 to 10. Incredible night to say the least. Bill hit $400, but worth every penny.
5	It is not often that you get to eat cotton candy and Foie Gras in the same meal. Europea is a very special restaurant, and provides an experience to match.We were greeted, seated and provided with a load of laundry: two little beef jerkeys hung up on a tiny washing line, accompanied by goats cheese lollipops. This sets the tone for a meal at Europea.We opted for the tasting menu, but chose to pair it with a glass of our own selection. Their wine list is very expansive, and will accompany any palette.The tasting menu is a series of delights interspersed with very pleasant surprises.I'll try not to spoil it for anyone who wants to try the tasting menu, but it was a flawless dining experience.
1	I am not in the habit of leaving internet reviews, but I feel that the world needs to be warned about this restaurant: it is a gimmicky, gaudy, over-priced tourist trap.  As a preface, my girlfriend and I didn't actually end up eating very much food there - we actually just chose to leave after our drinks/appetizers and before paying several hundred dollars for what we surmised would be a horrible meal.  So, it is possible that the entrees at Europea are in fact very good, but I doubt it, and even if that is the case, the place is pretty tacky and dingy.  To put the review in context, my girlfriend and I are mid-20s Americans with what I'd call reasonably smart tastes in food and culture - we are not foodies etc., but I'd say we know bad food and a bad restaurant when we see it.We booked a reservation here after arranging a last minute trip to Montreal and were looking for a traditionally upscale French dinner to cap off our long weekend in the city.  Europea had great reviews on yelp and opentable, the menu looked good, it is run by a celebrity chef, we were staying a few blocks nearby and appeared to be in a location where you'd find good restaurants, so it seemed like an obvious choice.  Our first concerns emerged as we saw the neighborhood, which is the type of downtown area filled with taco bells, souvenir shops, strip clubs and, of course, tourist trap restaurants.  We decided to google image Europea to see what the inside looked like - judging from the photos online, it appeared to be a tacky restaurant, but we placed some trust in the glowing reviews on yelp and decided to show up for the reservation anyways.  We walked in to find the restaurant exactly as portrayed in the images - it looks like it was styled in the early 1990s and hasn't been renovated since.  Picture fake plastic neon colored plants, neon fluorescent lights on the bar, some 90s Euro techno music as light background music, dingy carpets, worn silverware and waiters in ill-fitting tuxedos.  Things didn't look good, but we still gave them the benefit of the doubt, and were seated by the hostess and ordered two martinis.  Our table was next to the staircase in the center of the restaurant and everything on it shook any time someone walked up or down the stairs. The martinis came as the host brought out some complementary appetizers: a small dried "meat strip" hanging on a tiny clothes hanger, garlic-olive bread sticks, some kind of pesto "lollipop" and truffle-cheese popcorn (I think?).  Each food item came with a little story about its preparation.  We took a sip of the martinis, which were gin and vodka respectively...they must have been 50% water, and to boot, were served in metal martini glasses with a comically large stick of olives across the top, so large in fact that we couldn't get the olives in the drink.  We then tried some of the small appetizers and it was impressively bad: the meat strip was glorified beef jerky, the lollipop was horribly according to my gf and the popcorn/breadsticks were not only disgusting, but seemed like they had been left out for several days...just musty, stale and soggy all at once.  The waitress then came by and offered us a hot towel, which she prepared by pouring hot water on a compressed roll of cotton with a teapot, which then expended into a soggy, lukewarm paper towel.Our waitress then came to the table with a wooden box, opened it and offered us two "cheese cigars" (a direct quote)...the cheese cigars were, predictably, your standard microwavable fried mozzarella sticks, but I can't even say they tasted as good as something you might buy in a freezer aisle.  That was the end for us - it's not a cheap restaurant, and we weren't going to risk a few hundred dollars on their food.  So, we got up and left, got a take-out margherita pizza from a place up the street, watched a movie in our apartment and made a toast to not wasting our money on bad food.Long story short, this place is a tourist trap built to take the money of people that don't know any better.  It is well-reviewed, which I can only presume means that many people on Yelp don't have the most sophisticated of tastes.  But, if you are looking for type of experience described in those reviews, I'd suggest looking in a different neighborhood.  We wish we had booked something in Plateau or one of the other more interesting, cultured neighborhoods.
5	I went there with my girlfriend for our 5th anniversary and I must say it was quite an experience. From the moment we sat down we were taken care of, and they keep serving you little portions of different dishes throughout the dining experience. I found that extremely smart, as we never had a moment when we were just waiting for food. You get to try a bunch of different things too so I would definitely recommend this place to foodies.The food itself was just excellent. Every little portion we got to try was delicious (in particular the lobster cappuccino and the blue cheese lollipops), and our main courses were divine. My girlfriend got the hen, and it was some of the best chicken she's ever had. It is cooked in a clay pot, and a waiter showed up with a hammer and told her she would have to break the clay with it before they would put the dish itself on a plate for her. She thought that was awesome and promptly destroyed it. :)Dessert was equally impressive, as was the selection of wines. It is definitely an expensive place, but for a one time experience I think it was worth every penny.
5	Europea was excellent from start to finish. The wait staff is attentive and knowledgeable. The food is absolutely delicious. Every course you could not ask for anything more delectable. My husband and I went here for a small trip to Montreal celebrating our wedding anniversary. This was literally one of the top three things about our entire trip. We were not expecting to have one of the best meals of our lives in Canada but we sure did at Europea.  It's also not just the five star food it's the entire dining experience. The wine list was also very very extensive and I appreciate that they had a wine connoisseur available to suggest what wines we should try. If you are in Montreal you're missing out if you do not go !
5	Great experience at this restaurant with the staff.  We came in last minute for dinner when some other plans fell apart.  Suggestion from our concierge for a good dinner.  Took a look at the tasting menu and the wine pairing. The menu had some dishes that we thought looked more up our alley so we opted to make our own multi course tasting menu and then challenged the sommelier to make a wine pairing to go with our made up tasting menu.  The staff was great splitting the plates and the chef did a great job of making the splits look like individual tastes instead of splitting stuff on a plate and it looking like someone just took a hatchet to it.  The wine pairings were great as well.  Overall excellent food and a great experience.  The staff made this a great experience which I would highly suggest in Montreal.  My best meal in Canada between all three cities... Quebec, Montreal, and Toronto.
5	Nothing to say but wonderful, beautiful, delicious experience we have ever had. And I have to say one of my favorite foie gras I have ever had.I may add that the wine selections were simply delectable. We simply cannot wait to return for another anniversary. Tres bien !
5	Amazing experience!!!! Nothing like this place. So, trendy and classy! The service-impeccable. The decor-1st class, cutting edge with a hip like club feel. The food-masterful flavored. The drinks-tasty and smarty mixed. The presentation-art on a plate. This place is the standard of excellence and food creativity. This place really deserves 10 stars.**Note: If you are in LOVE with someone then this is the place to add to your loving experiences.So, check it...I ordered the Cesar Salad soup, which was oddly delicious... the Lobster civet with lemon confit, which was crazy bursting with flavors and their sample desserts..also amazingly good! I would move to Montreal just to be a regular at this place!!! GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	When you give them 5 stars it's because they deserve more.. I passed by without a reservation and decided to try my luck. The host was so polite and found me a spot and sat me down for a beyond expectations experience. Ordered an appetizer and a main and got at least 10 amuse bouche in between and then their heartwarming deserts.. A MUST try ..
5	We came here with our clients, who live here and recommended this restaurant. Amazing food of world leading quality and full of creativity! So many nice surprises too! Amazing!
5	Words can't begin to describe my dinner extravaganza at Europea last night. The food was delicious, the service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was lively. This was easily one of the best meals of my life; truly a magical birthday experience! Make dinner reservations several weeks in advance and arrive hungry.
5	amazing dining experience from start to finish , the staff courteous , the ambiance cozy , the food was simply amazing   , what a culinary experience , we did the tasting menue , over 16 items , enough to put you're stomach and taste buds into a food coma. ....
5	A culinary feast!  My hubby and I chose the pre fix 12 course meal.  We literally dined for 2 1/2 hours.   Each dish was filled with rich intense yet different flavors.  Presentation is definitely part of the dining experience.   The staff was very nice and the service is excellent. A definite must try.
5	I trekked here in 0 degree weather, in uncomfortable heels, over patches of ice - and it was all worth it. A dinner at Europea is by no means just a meal, but it's an interactive experience, akin to something like Alinea in Chicago (or so I've heard) and Blue Hill Stone Barns which I can attest to. We started with crispy cheesy "cigars", infused with notes of fragrant truffle, which seemed to be the theme in the beginning. Following the amuse bouche was another one that can only be described as a delicious bite of a ball of truffle and cheese; I literally just popped the entire thing in my mouth like a bubble gum. And the other courses of the tasting menu kept coming - a thick and scrumptious lobster soup in a cappuccino-like presentation (also with hints of truffle), an Asian course of fresh sashimi, shrimp dumpling, and tasty seaweed, calamari cut into noodles harmoniously mixed into the yolks of poached quail eggs, hearty scallops with a generous puree sauce, a tiny dish (I think it was a small piece of salmon?) hidden in the inside of a gigantic book, a juicy helping of cornish hen that sat underneath a dome of ... something, not sure if that was edible, but basically I took a hammer and smashed it open, revealing the hen all tender and delectable. The savory part of the tasting menu can't be beat, but the dessert was fantastical, unique, and reminded me of Alice in Wonderland. The waiter brought a large "tree" made of black wire, embellished with giant fluffs of pink cotton candy; it took me back to carnivals I went to as a kid with the soft strands of sugar immediately melting in my mouth. Hanging from the "branches" were wrapped goodies, ranging from apple-flavored marshmallows and jelly-filled cookies and macaroons - all absolutely amazing. There's more! We put whatever sweets we couldn't finish into a large Chinese takeout box, already filled with orangey petite madeleines (sigh ... yummm). And wait - there's even more! The waiter brought over a giant meringue, wrapped in cellophane, like a gift, which would have been perfect with morning coffee, but we unfortunately left that behind. Nonetheless, it indeed gets an A in my book for the exquisite food, attentive servers, classy ambience, and innovative experiences. Note that I haven't mentioned all the components of the meal, which means you'll just have to go and see for yourself! Enjoy!
