4	Extensive wine selection.  Martinis at the bar were superb.  For dinner I had a mediterranean chicken and couscous dish that was very tasty.  She had the meatloaf and garlic mash which was also very good.  And strawberry shortcake for dessert was made fresh.  Upscale atmosphere, outgoing staff and reasonable prices make this a great first date spot.  Reservations recommended as this place gets crowded and for good reason.
4	I went to lunch here with my mamma and and a friend and we were all pleased with our food.  I thought that my roast beef and brie sandwich was the best of the three things we tried.  All the sandwiches came with french fries (which were delicious) but i would have appreciated some sort of alternative side item.  The wine list was decent sized and moderately priced.  The dinner menu looks good, but some of the entrees cost over $30, which is a bit much for me.  I would def go back for lunch or have someone take me to dinner there.
2	Bad service + below-average food = pass it by. I mean, really -- how many times should a customer ask for coffee before the server remembers? How many times for water? Condiments? To paraphrase Woody Allen: the food wasn't any good -- and such small portions!
4	Very funky and modern looking, it's a great place to have some great food.  They have great variety with their menu, with some Greek and Italian inspired dishes to go along with the more American ones.  But they are all very well done, I really liked their Greek salad.  The service was pretty average, the waitress was nice and attentive.  Not bad, but not spectacular either.  It was definitely a fun experience though.
3	Nolen is a very casual restaurant with contemporary American food. It's a good place for an easy meal. Presentation could be better. The big problem is service. They are slow and often unattentive.
3	Food was decent. Service was good, not great. What really struck me was the vibrant bar scene. While the dining room was nearly empty, the bar was full (on a Friday night) with a hip crowd - ranging from mid-20's to early 40's. We plan on returning soon... for cocktails and apps.
3	Just ok.I waws there a few nights ago and had the spaghetti and meatballs.  My wife had the spinach pie.  It took a good while for someone to recognize we were there - but after that it was fine.  In fact, our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and had great descriptions of the meals.  However, the food was just ok - not to say he over promised, he didn't.  The food was just ordinary.  The meatballs were a little overcooked and the sauce was average.  I did try my wife's spinach pie and it was simply spankopita in huge portion.  I recommend this place if you simply want a drink and an appetizer.  It's just average at best.
3	We typically plan our dining options for each day of the week in CLT by determining who is having drink specials. Nolen has 1/2 off bottles of wine on Tuesday, so of course it's a regular spot for us. The food is pretty good, the hanger steak with mashed potatoes and brown sauce was very good, and well cooked. Other than that, I really don't remember much else about the food except that it's not bad, but obviously not memorable.I do have to say that they had funnel cake with Fruit Loop ice cream...which was not only funny, it was a great finish to the hanger steak. The service can be a bit slow, especially on Tuesdays, but it's still a great value. We typically order 2 bottles of wine between the 3 of us, with 3 entrees and at least 2 deserts. I don't think our bill has ever been over $35 per person which can't be beat.
3	Nolan's seems to have slipped in the last year. At a lunch time visit today the food seemed to be OK but not delicious as it has been on previous visits. It has fallen behind its sister restaurant Ilios Noche; which on every visit is excellent. If you are in the neighborhood it is OK for a bite to eat but I would not make a trip to eat there.
1	I visited Nolen Kitchen midday on a weekday to buy a $50 gift card for a friend of mine with a very sick child. We'd taken up a collection and I went to 5 different restaurants for 5 different gift cards so they wouldn't have to worry about dinners.The restaurant was empty when I showed up. I asked the hostess about getting a gift card. She looked confused. She told me to go wait by the bar. So I waited while she asked someone else who gave her the name of someone who would have to get the gift card for me.Turns out, I had to wait for the MANAGER to ring up the gift card and well, they informed me he was in the bathroom.I waited for TEN minutes, growing more and more impatient. All of the other restaurants were able to get me rung up and out within 5 minutes, and I didn't have a lot of time to spare as I was making purchases from two more restaurants after this one.The manager came out, all apologies for not being out sooner. I was glad he didn't offer to shake my hand. Then, after making me wait a few minutes more, he came back and told mt their gift card system WAS DOWN...FIFTEEN MINUTES for a manager to get out of the crapper and tell me that he couldn't take my $50 in exchange for a gift card. What an incredible joke, and a bad one at that.I was disappointed for my friend, who apparently likes this backwards, screwed up place, but relieved that they didn't get any of our money that day. Based on their ability to royally screw up what was a five minute transaction at five other restaurants, I wouldn't recommend daring them to actually cook and serve a meal.
3	Went to Nolen Kitchen last night with a very large group of boisterous girls celebrating three birthday parties! This would be a task for any restaurant but overall Nolen's  met our needs.Drinks: I went with the half price cocktails (score!) - I enjoyed a Stephenberry  $9 regular.  It was tasty if a bit on the weak side. I would never suggest paying full retail for this drink but $4.50 is acceptable. Dinner: I was not all that hungry but decided to branch out from my go-to Caesar Salad Lite Meal and went with the Grilled Cheese instead. I know what you're thinking- Grilled Cheese...really?! The menu described it  in a way that sounded absolutely delicious Sourdough bread with tomato, bacon and two types of cheese! It was good but not great- the fries were tasty and the ranch I asked for on the side was very herby and yummy . My total meal was $12 (not inc. tip).Service: This is where I have mixed reviews. Everything took kind of a long time to bring out (understandable) but it was staggered just a bit too much. When they did bring out something they stood with this dumbfound expression trying to remember what went to whom rather than just asking us (hey we realized it was a big group...and the food was getting cold). The last person did not get her meal until almost the entire table was done eating (her meal was comped after some complaining). The Bday girls were given Lemon Drops which was nice. I wasn't sure though if this was standard practice or if it was due to the fact that someone knew a server who worked there. The girls also brought their own desserts for the table - but we weren't given forks or napkins or anything - kind of a let down as well.So all in all they did try to make us happy- but they lacked some basic common sense in doing so. I would try again someday- but there are too many restaurants to try first!
3	Nolen, Nolen, bo-bolen,Banana-fana fo-folen,Fee-fi-mo-molen,Nolen!Nolen Kitchen has to be among the coolest looking places in town.  Maybe that's why they stuck is in back when we arrived (sans reservation, natch).  And when I say back, I thought we were being escorted outside - and not to the patio, I mean to the curb.  If we were any farther from the front door we would have been in a different time zone.Strangely enough, however, the service was actually decent.  Except for one breakdown where we didn't see anyone - server or other patrons - for a while.  Thought I missed the rapture or something.  But regardless, as long as I'm served, I don't really care where I sit.  And if the food is good, I'm on the fence about the rapture.Unfortunately, the huge promise of the menu does not live up to the reality.The zucchini chips are cool.  Sliced so thin you can almost see through them, the problem is that you get some that are fried perfectly.  But with a mound of these things, you also get some that are soggy and some that are burnt to a crisp.  And by the time you get near the bottom of the pile, anything that was approaching perfection is long gone and turned into mush.  If you have a good-sized table, you're probably okay.  But for two?  It just takes too long to get through the stack.  And they are better by themselves than with the dip (something I don't often say).Moving on to the Risotto Balls.  I didn't even know risotto had balls.  And that joke is the best part of the dish.  How bland can you get?  A smattering of marinara is decent, but how can you have cheese in the middle of something fried and have no flavor left?  Total disappointment.The Crab and Artichoke Dip?  Another swing and a miss.  I get that times are tight and they want to wring the profits out of their dishes, but come on.  A can of decent crab doesn't cost much - to say nothing of fresh crab - so stretch it out over one fewer order and give people the sense that there is actually crab in the dish instead of a mush of cheese, you know?  The toasted pita (or whatever) was okay.Now the Kobe Beef Sliders?  Awesome.  I don't know if it's because everything else was so completely average, but damn.  If I wasn't so full (and the bill not already so high) I probably would have ordered some more.  While not truly "burgers", they definitely are a dish that you will want to try.  Even you vegetarians out there (and I know you are out there - I can feel you watching) should try these.  They are that good.  Bambi will forgive you.Sweet Tea Report: Middle of the pack.  Not too sweet, but the glasses were kept full.  I have to imagine that there were others in the place (since I couldn't see them or anything), but the tea kept flowing and that is a good thing in this case as it hit the spot on a hot summer night.
4	Its been a while but last time I went I remember the seared halibut being top notch.  Was a little pricey, but not really for that side of town.  Will update when I go back, but they def deserve at least 4 stars.
4	I think this is one of the best places to eat in Charlotte.  I've never had a less that excellent meal there.  The service is wonderful.... always trying to accomodate your wishes....  Very friendly staff.  Parking can be a problem on the weekends after 7:00.
4	We had family in town, so we wanted to take them someplace nice, but also someplace that we, ourselves, had never been.  We chose Nolen Kitchen, and it was a hit!I'm glad I made a reservation because when we arrived, the parking lot was jam-packed, as was the waiting area and bar inside the restaurant.  I guess I didn't realize how popular it was.  We were immediately seated (yea!) and greeted by our server.I started with the cheapest Merlot on their menu ($7) but it didn't disappoint.  In fact, it was one of the best Merlots I've ever tasted.  Nolen Kitchen had an exceptional appetizer menu; I could just off of that alone.  We went with the Zucchini Chips to start, as everyone on Yelp seemed to recommend them.  They weren't kidding.  They were a hit, too!  Some plates that went by our table looked higher stacked, but I'll just assume that they're all equal and our chips just settled a little.  We still received a lot, though.   They're so thinly sliced, perfectly deep fried for crispiness, and come with a delicious, cool cucumber sauce for dipping.The entree prices seemed extremely reasonable, and that was one of the main reasons I chose Nolen Kitchen.  Great choices, great prices.  I went with the Chicken Souvlaki wrap as my entree and, since it was under $10, I ordered some soup as well.  The chicken chili sounded yummy, but I was quite disappointed when it was delivered and as I ate it.  I guess when I heard "chicken," I assumed it would be a white chili.  It was red.  Bummer.  Then I tasted it.  It was very tomato-saucey, like eating beans and ground chicken smothered in a thick spaghetti sauce.  There wasn't much "chili" taste to it at all.  Luckily, that was the only disappointing thing I ate and, for $3.99, wasn't too damaging to my wallet.  Now I know for next time!The Chicken Souvlaki wrap was, as expected (being that the restaurant is Greek-owned), delicious.  As my side, I opted for the parmesan risotto (instead of fries) at our server's suggestion.  It was very creamy and tasty.  However, unbeknownst to me by the title, there was also spinach in there (yea!) and mushrooms (boo!). The restaurant itself was decorated very nicely and modern, with dark wood and lower lighting.  There was a fireplace when we entered, creating a homey atmosphere.  There was even a band sitting there in front of it, playing music during our dinner.  Because of the band, the crowded room, and the acoustics of the curved ceiling (I think), it was incredibly LOUD.  We all felt like we were in a nightclub, shouting to one another just to be heard.  Nolen Kitchen was definitely not a place for conversation.   That night, everyone's throats were sore from shouting so much.  Would I go back?  Definitely.  The menu choices, prices, and atmosphere give me enough reason to.  And, when it's warmer, I'd love to sit on their huge outdoor patio.  However, I would plan on a night when I wasn't expected to have a great deal of conversation with my tablemates.
3	For some reason, Nolen is a place that doesn't often pop into my head, but every time I've gone, it's been great!  Most recently i went with a couple girlfriends for lunch.  We were seated promptly and then the place started filling up quite quick. I love the long cushioned bench which serves as half the booth (with chairs across), but when it gets crowded, you feel like you're eating with the people on the right and left tables too.I had been eying the Coca Cola Glazed Pork Tacos since the last time i was in, and went for it. The waiter actually tried to deter me, but I probed him as to why not and it was just because he doesn't care for sweet stuff. Well, these were absolutely outstanding!  I even said as I was eating, I've gotta yelp about these :) They were sweet and savory, but not too sweet like I thought they might be and have a really yummy sour creamy drizzle & avocado on top. They are on the appetizer section and that would be the only downside - there wasn't enough to really fill me up.   Try them!!
3	Great location, other than bad acoustics making conversation a little difficult, the decor is contemporary and excellent (if minimal). Food was fine, and service was good.  Will rate more after try it again.
3	This is a great spot for happy hour on Wednesdays. Half off martinis!! The Happy Hour food menu is awesome (HH is only till 6:30)! We got the calamari (breaded a little too much for my taste) which has sprinkles of jalapenos and comes with two sauces. It is a huge plate for just $3 bucks! Likewise with the salmon and caper spread with pita, absolutely fantastic! The service was pretty slow (it took 15 minutes to get our check!!!) And the bartender kept apologizing (don't apologize, just call for reinforcements numbnuts). Other than that we had a great time! Will definitely be back :-D
3	Tuesday is half price bottles of wine all night which means a bottle of Bianchi chard will run you about $18.  That's not a bad deal for a bottle. We tried the crab and artichoke dip and the risotto fritters.  The crab dip came with pita bread and it was pretty good but not the best I've ever had.  The risotto fritters were pretty bland and mushy, you get to choke down four of them for about $9.  Will probably go back but only for happy hour and drink specials.
3	Went for a beer/food pairing with 4 Friends Brewery. The first 2 courses were really good. The Shrimp spring rolls were amazing and the pork carnitas homemade black beans with bacon were flavorful and tender. The only thing I wasn't enamored of was the pumpkin rice pudding. I love pumpkin stuff & I love rice pudding but the serving size was too large and it was relatively flavorless. (Others at the event felt the same way) I am certainly open to returning & trying some items off of their regular menu.
5	Nolen Kitchen patio + wonderful spring NC night + zucchini chips + key lime pie with homemade blueberry ice cream = a romantic, delicious and wonderful first visit to this restaurant!Judging from the pictures shared, the zucchini chips are already a fav and I'm the newest fan!  They were sliced super thin, lightly battered and perfectly fried and served with a light, flavorful dip that was just the right complement!We also had a wonderful key lime pie topped with a delicious homemade blueberry icecream that was definitely worth the trip by iteself! The service was attentive, the food was great, the ambience was even better...great experience!
4	I cannot say enough good things about the food. I have never been disappointed. The wait staff, not as much.I am a big fan of the California Chicken Sandwich with the fries. Although I have tried, and loved a lot of other things on the menu, I always come back to this. Other good things to eat include any of their dishes that include hummus.My only gripe is, with the exception a few, the majority of the wait staff is not good. After they have taken your order, you do not see them at your table until it is time to give you the check. We have had to hunt down our waiter/waitress on more than one occasion and they never seem happy to see you.The atmosphere at Nolan's is top notch with many different settings from the fireside lounge to the patio and restaurant and even the bar is a great mingling area.It has an upscale feel without breaking your budget and it is relaxed enough that you can dress comfortably.
4	Great food and service, will definitely try the 1/2 price martinis with the girls from work! This was my first time here and I was very impressed with the food. Have had catered Nolen before (amazing), they are capable of knocking your socks off!!This is fantastic for a date--you can sit outside on their new patio (that has heaters as well as fireplaces), or inside at a table or at the bar.
4	First off, let me say, if you have not already done so, go hunt down some little kid in your neighborhood, and get him/her to sell you a Charlotte Citipass book.  Most people know SOMEone who sells these things.  Far better than the cheap wrapping paper and popcorn buckets the little rugrats in my neighborhood keep trying to pawn off on me.  This book is chock-full of great coupons that allows you to dine on the cheap at great restaurants, and find some hidden gems that you might not otherwise patronize.That is how we stumbled into Nolen Kitchen one Friday night.  This place is actually one of three restaurants owned by the same group; the two others are Big View Diner (Ballantyne) and Ilios Noche (almost to Weddington). We were a little concerned at the lack of foot traffic in this place; typically a bad sign for a restaurant to be hearing crickets on a Friday night.  At least there was no wait...Why is this place not packed?  The salmon and chive dip as a starter was so good that I ended up licking the bowl...thank god for a lack of other diners.  My wife had the Spinach Pie and I had the Seafood Cioppino...both were fantastic.  My wife as usual, won the "who ordered better" contest...and I am not usually a fan of spinach and cheese combos, as they can be a "ho-hum, freezer-dinner" experience most of the time...not this time!  As good as our dinners were, I almost knocked out the guy sitting three tables away so that I could steal his Kobe Sliders (I think that's what those were)...they looked (and smelled) amazing as well.Service was a little slow, which I found odd, due to them not being that busy.  The server must have fallen asleep in the walk-in cooler due to a lack of open menus at the tables.We will be returning, with or without a coupon.
4	Nolen is a great neighborhood spot. Love walking up there on the weekends. Its a little too "ladies who lunch" for me during the week. True greek touches with the souvlaki, tzatziki sauce, peppers and olives scattered throughout the menu. Not a big fan of their scrambled eggs at brunch; overdone and rubbery, they need to be improved. Their bacon is served in large, thick crispy strips. The patio is awesome anytime. I get the burger most often and think that their french fries are the best in Charlotte. Service can be a little spotty, but overall this place is definitely rock solid.
4	We head to Nolen for the Greek selections.  TRY: Zucchini Chips, Smoked Salmon & Caper dip, I(N Country Greek Salad and the Spinach PieThe wait staff is really friendly and they have a beautiful patio.  On the hot summer nights you can't beat a Strawberry Lemonade cocktail, fresh strawberries float in your glass.
4	Finally got to try Nolen Kitchen!  There was a big group of us so reservations was a must - this place seemed pretty busy for a Thursday night.  Our table was in the back so it was a bit private, but still a bit noisy from all the conversations and normal restaurant noises.Our server was excellent.  He announced the specials for the night and even gave us a bit of honesty regarding the red snapper special with the shrimp risotto.  He recommended swapping out the shrimp for mushroom or Parmesan risotto so your mouth wasn't overwhelmed with a fish taste.  I think the official words were, "I wasn't too crazy about the special, but..."  Totally score points for not pushing a great tasting special on your customers!I ordered the whole wheat linguine which was awesome.  I about licked my plate clean, but instead tried to mop up the remaining sauce with the small amount of noodles left on my plate.I'm definitely a fan and want to go back for more.  The restaurant definitely fits right into the Selwyn 'hip' places to be seen with a pretty young professional crowd.  The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is that I am still scratching my head as to weather or not the prices really matched the food they offered.
4	Dinner at Nolen on a Thursday night.  The back patio has always enticed me, and when I walked through the doors I could see it was packed and there was live music - despite the rainy weather.  Come to find out Thurs nights are live music on the patio and $2 draft and bottles!  Bottles are standard American offerings.  But the drafts are all local brews (Olde Meck, Olde Hickory).  As a result the place was pretty packed with a 30 something on the prowl crowd from the local hoods.I was dining inside and took note of the calm environs.  Lots of wood and glass and some abstract landscape paintings.  The menu is eclectic and diverse, so you can get a mid priced entree or a cheaper burger or sandwich.  I enjoyed the Pearl Cous Cous.  It consisted of giant cous cous mixed with artichoke hearts, shrimp, sausage, red peppers and some various seasonings.Service was pretty good.  They were better than I expected given some of the reviews of slow service.  The food took a little bit of time to get out and the manager came and apologized, but we hardly noticed.  All in all a pleasant experience.  A great spot for a drink and chilling outdoors.
4	Zucchini Chips... YES!!!  These are Fantastic!!!  They have terrible fries (so do most places in my view - so what)!  Chicken Souvlaki - Perfectly seasoned, Red Onion (always a plus) and Tomato - Great Cucumber Dressing (Thick)!!!  Great Pita!  Yesterday for lunch - Very good!  Service was fine as usual for Nolen Kitchen.This is a good place to get Dessert and sometimes a GREAT place to get Dessert!9-1-2012 My Girlfriend and I checked out one of their Burgers!  I have had  a Burger here before and remembered that it was very good!  This one was exceptional and the slice of Avocado set it off!
3	Maybe it was the fact that it was the first day the temperature had dropped in over a week, or maybe the happy hour is just that popular - but Nolen's was packed on a Tuesday evening. Even though we arrived after the official happy hour had ended, there were plenty of people still there enjoying their own. We were seated at one of the last tables available on the patio, right next to the door.  Our server came out shortly after, but the bar was so backed up there was no way to get our drinks in a timely manner. We ordered the zucchini chips to start and were given small side bowls as appetizer plates because again, the bar was overcrowded with snackers as well as drinkers and they had used up all the small plates. Not that it mattered, a dish is a dish, and there really wasn't anything our server could do. It just seemed odd that the restaurant was so overwhelmed by the day's happy hour crowd. As far as the chips go - as others have said, it's a mixed bag. Most pieces are excellent, others are a soggy mess. Decent sized pile, nice dipping sauce, but really all I could think about was eating French's fried onion pieces. Which is not a bad thing, I LOVE french's fried onions, but it kind of left the zucchini out. We ordered the Cioppino and the pearl couscous entrees. (It is really refreshing to have a non-fine dining restaurant still provide you with all the proper utensils and dishes to eat a seafood dish.) I thought the Ciopinno was a little lacking in the saffron department, but everything was cooked well and it tasted great. I didn't love the couscous dish, but the person who ordered it did, and that's what mattered. Overall a beautiful patio, attentive service, and the happy hour specials seem to be pretty good. (not that the regular menu prices are outrageous) The patio tables are a little close, though, so if you're looking for a quiet dinner - I'd look elsewhere.
4	Tried to get into Good Food on Montford with some friends tonight, and was told there would be a 2 hour wait, so we headed to Nolen instead and got seated right away outside. This was our second time here, and like their sister restaurant Illios Noches, there are some really great standouts, and then some so-so menu items.  Coca-Cola Pork Tacos: This is our favorite appetizer.  Sweet and savory tender pork with avocado and pico.  3 mini tacos, perfectly messy and good for sharing. Burrata with tomato, basil and balsamic (caprese): very good...but the burrata was too mushy and essentially disintegrated into a milky goo after awile. Chicken Souvlaki: Chicken well done, super soft pita, cucumber yogurt sauce and side of cucumbers, tomato and onion make it a nice, refreshing app. I had the fish and chips, because the first time we went here, my husband got it, and the fish was super flaky and moist, and the fries, extra crisp. Served with a sweet and tangy slaw. This time the fish wasn't as tender, but the dish was still very good. Pork Chop: served with apples...same.  Good, but not especially memorable. Dessert was the pineapple cake with saffron ice cream.  My husband and our friend thought the cake was EXTREMELY dry and like a brick, so we ate all the ice cream and accompanying pineapple. Our server noticed, and asked if it was dry.  When we said yes, she explained how the restaurant had problems with it's consistency. She said it's a known problem.  (THEN WHY IS IT STILL ON THE MENU?) We had to go somewhere else for dessert, that's how brick like this cake was.  Overall, Nolen serves up some good food if you get the right things. Our server was great (minus the pineapple cake) and even though it was busy, we were served right away.  Ask for recommendations. Keep in mind you will be amongst some very trendy looking people, some who are too loud, and frankly are there to be seen.
2	This place has gotten such hype for being mediocre at best. I had the spinach pie, which was just a dressed up spanakopita. Flavors were fine, on the bland side but for $15 totally not worth it. The rest of my party seemed to be bored with their meals, just moving them around the plate as to not make our host feel bad for choosing the location.
4	I'm not sure if it was the live music, the large party next to us or just the acoustics but this place is loud! The crowd was good, service was great & the food was delicious. I had the crab-artichoke appetizer and the Chicken Souvlaki wrap, both very good & reasonably priced. But I would have enjoyed it much more if I didn't have to scream at the person sitting next to me in order for him to hear me.
2	Maybe because it was rainy outside, or the bartendress was on the rag, but the service I experienced was ATROCIOUS. This is after only my second experience here. My first experience was in the summer where I hung around the bar (on the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat on) and things were pretty cheery.This time I ordered from the happy hour menu & apparently when you do this, you must sit at the bar---lame. The bartendress was in a super bitchy mood and poked fun at the fact that I was ordering from the happy hour menu. HELLO? We're not all snobby rich middle-aged Myers Park folk. I prefer beer & I wanted some Olde Mecklenburg Brewery Mecktoberfest, but the bartendress convinces me it isn't good because it's the last of the keg. Great. Personally, I don't do cheap beer, and nothing else looked good, so I stuck with water. At this, she snickers, "so just water and some apps.....MMMKAYY" while giving stink eyes. Excuse me? Who pissed in your cornflakes, lady? Eventually the order comes in: Risotto fritters, Gouda grilled cheese and tomato fondue, koby beef sliders, weird salmon dip. All that was pretty good, no complaints there. This was the whole reason I came in the first place.NEEDLESS TO SAY I LEFT A GOOD TIP BECAUSE I'M THAT KIND OF A GUY. But honestly, this woman did not deserve one stinking penny, and I'll probably never go back here because of her attitude. It's sad to say because I live in this neighborhood and I like supporting this neighborhood's businesses. I work with all sorts of people on a daily basis, and work for tips myself, and it benefits no one when you bring your foul mood to the table, in fact it only detracts from possible future business.
4	We love this neighborhood restaurant in Myers Park. The service atmosphere. and food is really good. We frequent this place on a  regular basis and recently took some friends who relocated to Charlotte from California for dinner, and they absolutely loved it. The restaurant has a nice bar scene, lounge, large outdoor patio  with a fire pit ,and a live band from time to time.
3	Snapshot review: Probably a better environment for lunch or drinks vs. dinner.Came here on a busy Saturday night (with a reservation, fortunately). The four of us were seated promptly at a corner table, which we had requested because one of us was hard of hearing. Good move--it quickly became very loud, and that was even before the band began playing!The food was good--two of us had the chicken souvlaki, one had the spinach pie, and one I forget. The service was decent, if a bit slow. Good value for the money, too. I think I would have given it 4 stars for lunch, honestly. It was just loud and slow at dinnertime.
3	This seems like a sceney place in Charlotte. Filled with young, urban professionals. The first thing that struck me about this place is the noise. It's too loud. I understand bars being loud, but the noise travels all the way down the restaurant and it makes it difficult to hear your company. There was a strummer here covering one-hitters from the 90s, which was nice in a schmaltzy nostalgic kind of way. The food here isn't anything special by any means, but it isn't bad.
5	I came to Nolen with two friends about three months ago with a discount deal purchase, living social I believe. There were no problems, great food, and lovely service. I ordered one of the burgers they served and my friends ordered one of the fish dishes. All meals were shared and fantastic. We finished the meal with one of their desserts, I no longer remember what it was but I do remember that it was amazing and we began to fight over who would get the last bite. Since then I've been back two other times and have the exact same great service.They have indoor and outdoor seating at Nolen. It doesn't matter which you choose because both are well set up areas. The inside is a very professional feel and upscale appeal while the outside is a very comfortable and relaxed to have lunch.
5	We went to Nolen last night and ate at the bar.  Great food:  chicken souvlaki and mussels. Nice wine. But the memorable part of the evening was the charming bartender.  Priscilla was her name.
5	We have lived in the neighborhood for almost a year and didn't notice this place until we went to the nearby Selwyn Ave Pub! So we checked it out late on a very busy Friday night. Got lucky in getting seated as a couple just left. So, here's what we gathered. First, this place is run by Greeks, which typically means you'll get good food at affordable prices. Check. And that's exactly what we got. Started with their mushroom cream soup, made with baby portabellas. VERY yummy! Then I ordered the meatloaf with the mushroom duxelle reduction, wrapped in BACON! How could one go wrong with anything wrapped in Bacon??? And for under $14, this was a STEAL! My wife ordered the Chicken Souvlaki (the Greek influence) which were GREAT! Had that classic Greek flavor - the fresh lemons and herbs. Yummy!Decent wine list, and had some very good wines by the glass. And the "piece de resistance" was the dessert. Had the apple crumb pie with fresh caramel sauce and bourbon ice cream. This was heavenly! I've had apple crumb cakes/pies in many restaurants, and this one was very scrumptious in comparison.Our bill was under $60 for an appetizer, 2 entrees, 2 full glasses of premium wine, and a dessert! I don't care where you come from, this simply is a great value given the quality of the food.We can't wait to come back so we can try the many other things on their menu. Actually, we want to go to Ilios Noche in Ballentine, their sister restaurant which features more traditional Greek, like my favorite, Mousaka. Because this is a neighborhood "gem," you'll have to plan appropriately. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that they have live music too! More jazzy than rock, but an unexpected treat nonetheless!
4	Amazing happy hour appetizer specials. Delicious martinis that are half off on ladies night (Wed) don't know if I would buy them if they weren't half off but happy hour is a great deal.
3	I really love Nolan and go fairly often. This night however, the service wasn't up to par. We were seated quickly but it took our waiter at least 10 - 15 minutes to even acknowledge our presence. If the restaurant's busy - I understand we might not get immediate undivided attention but I at least want a "Hello, I'll be with you in just a moment." Another aggravation was we asked him for a wine chiller. He forgot to bring it. When we asked again, he did bring it but he then made excuses instead of just apologizing. His excuse: "Oh, we chill our white wines so much that they can be on the table without a wine chiller." Say What? I thought white wine should be a certain temperature (not close to freezing) and then stay the same temperature in a wine chiller? Will I return to Nolen - ABSOLUTELY. Will I look for that waiter and ask for a different table - you bet.
4	6 hungry adults and 2 kids (one extremely close to nap time), all searching for a place to dine for post church brunch.Nolen's hit the spot.  We'd made a reservation knowing the 11am hour on a Sunday can get a bit competitive once the pews empty.  Prior to the reservation they'd asked for number of adults and the ages of the children in attendance.  The crayons and high chairs were already set up at our table!Their brunch menu had all the favorites on there - eggs benedict, french toast, omelets with all the sides you could want in a breakfast.  I had the eggs benedict and it was really good.  Coffee cup stayed full, food was brought out at a reasonable pace given the six adults at the table, and the bill was cheap!  Two adults for under $30 with tip!  I was pleasantly surprised.It was a great Sunday afternoon treat.  We all went ahead and marked our calendars for the next date!
5	Love nolans! Too bad selwyn shopping center has bad parking because this place is awesome but thinking about the parking keeps me away.
5	Gotta love 1/2 price bottles of wine.  Tuesdays are my favorites there.  Plus the staff is awesome.
3	Went in here on a Saturday night. I sat down at the bar and the wait staff was quick to my attention. I had a nice glass of California Cabernet. There wine list , while not expansive, was good. The bartender I had seemed to have a nice knowledge of what was going on with the wine that encompassed it. After that, I had the burger and fries. The burger was served very hot, but lacked in flavor. I thought the fries that accompanied it were done right. I'm a meat and potatoes kind of guy, and this place did a ho-hum job of serving it. Nothing flashy, but for the price point you can find a better meal elsewhere.
2	I drove down from Chapel Hill to meet some old friends in Charlotte for Sunday Brunch. This is a nice, trendy-looking restaurant, with a great patio for Brunch (lots of shaded tables with umbrellas, as well as comfy looking couches). The brunch menu was fairly standard, and reasonably priced. I appreciated the vegetarian options on the menu. I had the brioche french toast, and was able to substitute scrambled eggs for the bacon/sausage choice. While the service was fast, and my meal good, the two men in our group who ordered omelets BOTH found multiple dark hairs in their food. I believe my boyfriend had 3 hairs throughout his meal. How can there be multiple hairs in multiple dishes on our table?? Is someone just madly shedding in the kitchen??Therefore, we will not be returning.It's a shame, because otherwise everything (service, decor, my food) was quite good.
4	Went for my wife's birthday dinner with extended family on a Saturday night.  Ask to be seated on the patio.  I think it perfectly captures Myers Park.  Ordered a NY Strip special (off menu).  It was prepared exactly as I ordered it and arrived with goat cheese and bacon mashed potatoes.  Seriously?  They hit all my favorite foods in one dish - the one exception being peanut butter.  Next time, chef.  Next time.The other 5 members of our party all enjoyed their dishes, as well (melt in your mouth short ribs, fish and chips, cheese plates, et al).Not exactly sure what category of cuisine I would lump their menu into (French, I guess???), but I'm not sure it matters - it was darn tasty.Service was pleasant and attentive.  Not too formal, not too casual.  Wait staff brought their A game.Good work.
3	Since our last visit, things at Nolen seem to be slipping.  This past visit was for brunch, which includes a selection of traditional breakfasts (benedicts, omelets, etc.) along with some slight deviations into sweet potato and coconut milk pancakes.  Some other items include burgers and their chicken souvlaki (Which is at their other restaurant Ilios Noche, which we're huge fans of.)One server we witnessed being passive aggressive to his co-workers...and the same server brought us the wrong salad.  For the price (about $15 with salmon) we could have gone to Crisp and gotten a better one with more toppings, and a drink and cookie.  The burger is mediocre at best.  Dry...and left us wanting a cheaper burger instead...Five Guys even would have hit the spot more.  Two mini chocolate chip scones were served to us pre-meal which was nice, but dry, room temperature scones...I heard two other tables express similar sentiments that they were "fine" but nothing special. Pump it up on the service and quality of food...and add some creativity as you do for dinner and regular lunch (cola pork mini tacos?) and you'll be back in the game. For now, we'll probably explore other food options.
2	Wow - lousy parking conditions for a start.  Greeted promptly and seated promptly.  That is what the 2 stars are for.  After that, downhill fast - waiter brought wrong wine but promptly corrected it.  Hubby ordered tortellini - meh at best - spinach salad for the girl - bland and so dry - asked for extra warm bacon dressing - don't think there was even any dressing on it to begin with - added dressing that appeared to be 99% oil - no bacon flavor and no bacon on salad even though menu stated it was supposed to.  Huge no-no - they need to shorten the stems of the spinach or remove them all together.  No one eats stems!  Anyway - will probably not return as dinner left a huge void in flavor and atmosphere.
4	Great food, not the biggest portions in the world... Excellent atmosphere (works well for dates or just having dinner and a drink with friends).
2	HORRIBLE Service.  Rude and unattentive.  Had been a big fan but will NOT be back after my last experience.  Two server's at once, BOTH forogt us, and the second one was bad-mouthing the first one.  Also, after I ordered a specific wine at the bar, I was given the more expensive one of the same varietal and then charged for it.  Horrible, Horrible, Horrible.
4	My wife and I found Nolen Kitchen to be a delightful surpise one night.  We went there on the spur of  the moment one Monday.  We hadn't been there in awhile, and we always thought it was okay.    We were delighted we went.  I had the bacon wrapped meatloaf with pomme puree. It was outstanding, and my wife had the chicken souvlaki off the starter menu.  She found the chicken delicious and the tomatoes salad and cucumber yogurt fresh and tasty.The service was okay.  They were quite booked, especially for a Monday night, but it was fine because the meal made up for the slow service.
3	The patio gets 5-stars.  It is one of my favorites in Charlotte.  It has plenty of shade for eating brunch outside and it is a lovely setting on which to dine.  I usually love their brunch but my food on Sunday was not good nor was our service.  I had the breakfast pita and I could not eat more than a bite of it, it just tasted really bad.  And this was weird based on the fact that some of my favorite foods had gon einto its preparation!  Spinach and cucumber sauce, egg and cheese and pita... should be delicious.  It was not.  Our water and tea glasses were empty the entire meal, and we asked several times for refills to no avail.  They do have excellent sangria and a nice wine list.  I guess I will stick to my standards:  fruit and granola for brunch, hummus and cheese plate for appies with wine.  --the scones that are served before the brunch are divine--
2	This has been a go to spot for brunch for us for quite a while. Seems they are in a bit of a rut of late though. Cold food, little taste, even the bacon was not appetizing. I never thought those words would come out of my mouth, but will head to the other great places in town and maybe get back here sometime in the future. Hopefully they will get back to their old selves in the meantime.
1	Had their mecklenburg shortrib dish. It definitely wasn't what I expected. When you think of short rib, you think "fall apart or fall off the bone. This it was not. The meat was so tuff I had to saw through the piece I was given with my butter knife. I will not be going back. People in my party will not be going back either.
4	I love their service. 1/2 price wine night on Tuesdays is a great change to the usual Wednesday night that everyone else does. Their food is scrumptious!. Soup du jour is always a good blend of ingredients that can easily be paired with a wine from their hand-picked selections!  Great mixed crowd and atmosphere.
4	Yay!  I'm a fan.
5	Great place
4	Had lunch outside on their patio today. We each had the chicken souvlaki wrap. Very tasty.  The chicken is not over marinated- really tasty with their Taziki sauce.  A really good lunch. .
3	I came here on a Sunday night with a friend, and the weather was very nice (60 degrees in Jan, can't complain!), so we sat on their patio. The patio gets five stars for sure: with the beautiful fireplace, I would definitely take my girlfriend here for a date. I ordered the chicken skewers plate that comes with a Greek salad and pita for my entree. The food was not bad, but honestly nothing too special. The server was nice though. All in all, the next nice day Charlotte sees, I will be back for the patio.
5	Ahh Nolen...how I have missed thee. Before having our first child, Nolen was a favorite spot for my wife and I. Sitting at the bar or on the patio were our favorite places because you felt right in the middle of all the action. You could start early to capitalize on their great happy hour specials and the crowds would grow as the night progressed. The bar area is much fun but does get loud. If you are looking for more of a true dining experience then I recommend getting a real table or a spot on the patio. When the weather is great...fight for a spot on the patio cause it's worth it!I typically have a staple menu item that I get over and over at a Charlotte restaurant but that is not the case with Nolen. Love the Nolen Salad but I always add chicken to mine. Can't go wrong with either the Chicken Soulvaki wrap, California Chicken sandwich or the Steak Burger. Often times we'd just sit at the bar and get a cheese plate, some sliders, maybe some zucchini chips and a couple drinks and call it a night. The last time we were in they had added some new menu items so I'm not as familiar with those but based on past track record, I would look forward to trying new options!Nolen, for me, is not a beer bar but more a wine and cocktail bar. True they do have a few beers on tap but when I go I prefer a drink from the bourbon, whiskey or vodka family or depending on the night...I do enjoy their wine.  Lastly, they do serve Sunday brunch and pre-kiddo we did visit several times and thoroughly enjoyed and highly recommend. One note...parking is very challenging if you are going during peak times. The main parking lot gets full quickly so we often park in the lots just before you get to Nolen as most of those businesses close at 5pm.
4	Had an early dinner tonight.  Nolen just re-opened after a quick, but very effective remodel. Place was nicely updated. Our server/bar tender, Joy was pleasant and mixed a great cocktail or two. Great Basil Martini. Our food choices were simple, a chicken souvlaki sandwich ( always good) and a Pasta Piccata with marinated chicken with capers, and lots of it. Chicken was plentiful, lemony and tender. It was an ample portion and decent.
5	Freakin amazing place for dinner. Great atmosphere, better food. Zucchini chips are super tasty
2	I've given Nolen Kitchen a few chances over the last few years and I am officially done.  I want to like it, especially after the restaurant revamp they just did, but it just falls so flat for me every time.This most recent experience we were seated about 25 min after out reservation time, fine whatever its a busy Saturday.  Once we do sit our server came by pretty quickly, but then for the rest of the night he was MIA.  We ordered a few apps, the zucchini chips were prob the highlight of the whole meal, that's sad.  The mussels were extremely chewy and sandy, we barely touched 1/2 the dish.  The pork belly tacos were okay, the pork belly seemed overcooked or something, it was very tough.For entrees my friend wanted the hangar but they just sold out and only had the NY strip, fine.  I wanted a salad and the steak sandwich, well they told me no go on that either because they ran out of the steak, so my sister spoke up and said no you should be able to use the strip so the server came back again and they offered something else a lower quality of meat, but fine I will try it.  My sister got the short ribs.  All were just meh.  My friends steak wasn't cooked properly so that went back fast thanks to the manager walking by, not our server of course.  My caprese was good, but I don't think you can really mess that up, steak sandwich was chewy and a bit fatty.  My sisters short rib and grits, well the grits were okay but I am not a grit eater so hard to know what's good.  BUt the short ribs were sooo dry, belch.So at this point we are just done and want to get out.  We ask for the check when we can finally flag the server down, then we set it out immediately on the corner of the table.  No joke he walked by at least 5 times and ignored it.  Service seems to be an issue at other places from this restaurant group, so I guess its not something they care about.  But when the food just isn't up to par either, well 3 strikes and they are out.  I can honestly say I will be just fine heading to other places in the area and not thinking twice about Nolen Kitchen in the future.
3	This place is a bit pricey but the experience usually makes up for it. I say usually because on my last visit I waited almost 30 mins for our food to come out. The friend I was having lunch with had to pick his wife up from the airport and almost had to leave without eating. When we asked about our meal, we were told the kitchen staff was new. Even if that was the case, our server should have realized it was taking so long well before we asked. The atmosphere is great. The outdoor patio is nice when it is a little warmer outside. The food is great. I often get the Chicken Souvlaki.  Whether its the app, wrap or entree its always good. I recently had the Kobe Beef sliders and they were awesome.  Perfectly grilled medium with thin cut crispy fries. I'm hoping that this last experience was just a minor set back and that my next experience I get the great service I had been accustom to.
3	Basil Martini is amazing. Bar staff was very polite and attentive. We would have loved to eat, but they would not take a reservation for us, or accommodate a "walk in" larger party on a Saturday night. Even if we said we would wait for a few hours, eat apps and drink. It was disappointing to say the least. Reservations are a must if you plan to eat here.
4	Had lunch outside on their patio, it was a glorious day to lunch out. I had the chicken souvlaki entree with a Greek salad. My wife had the chicken souvlaki wrap. Both were delicious. I seem to remember, however, that the chicken pieces were considerably bigger in the past.  We had a newly hired server who was very friendly, pleasant and eager to please.
3	I met a friend here for dinner, and we were able to obtain  seating on the patio.  Our waiter was prompt and quick; however, he appeared a bit dry and robot like.  But, he asked and delivered; we did not want for anything.  My friend ordered the vegetable pasta, which she liked.  I got the spinach pie, which was fashioned into a beautiful snail shell shape.  It came with a salad of feta cheese, onions, bell peppers and tomatoes.  The spinach pie could have used a little more flavor in the way of herbs or salt.  Likewise with the salad.  The food was ok,  but I expected something more extraordinary  for the price.  Still, I would try it again.  Not horrible, but not off the charts.
4	Great outdoor patio.Their cheese plate was pretty puny, but their entrees made up for the meagre showing on the first course.Bar area is really nice. If the wait is long the bartenders are happy to serve you while you peruse the menu.
3	I have been to Nolen many times over the years and enjoyed its consistently good food and very nice patio! I dined here last weekend with relatively high expectations and I am sad to admit that the food seems to have gone down a bit since my last visit. We decided to share several small plates.  To start, the pork belly tacos. I enjoyed the filling of the tacos, but the shell was unheated and very bland. It could have used a touch of sauce or slaw, just something to add some texture and excitement. It was a shame because it could have been outstanding. Next, the grilled Caesar. This was quite a disappointment as the lettuce was more wilted than grilled and lukewarm. There was not much else on the lettuce other than a few boxed style croutons and one shred of Parmesan cheese.  We were still hungry, so we ordered the bacon wrapped dates (one of my all time party favorites).  The dates were the jumbo sized variety and the bacon was very dry. It was not bad, just really lacking in flavor. The chicken souvlaki needed more seasonings, salt and lemon - not what you'd expect from a Greek run restaurant. There is so much potential in the menu at Nolen.  I have loved this place for years and I don't want to come off as a hater, but there needs to be some fine tuning done in the kitchen.  Our server was extremely friendly and eager to please, so no criticism there.
4	I am blown away with the food here!Venue - It is spiffy, small, somewhat narrow to get around, but the space was big enough to cater to the public seating needs.  They have a patio that seems chill, and fun to dine/eat at.Service -  Our waiter, I forgot his name, was truly attentive and nice.  He made sure we were happy with our food, and if there was something wrong, he would take care of it.  I was too shy to ask for my mussels to be cooked more, but after awhile, I asked someone else who was in the vicinity and the waiter made sure to know that it will be right out.  Food - The scallops were delicious!!! Just typing this out makes me drool and I want to come back for some more.  Their fries are delicious also.  I am not a big french fries kind of gal, but their fries, and our imagination (tzatziki sauce dipping) = heaven!   I had a nibble/bite of my friend's souvaki greek pita - which was suprisingly good.  My friend had a kale salad, which was refreshing and healthy-good.  My friends and I had an enjoyable dinner.  The mussels on the other hand, was okay....Con - the portions were small, and a tad bit pricey!   On a good day, I will come back here, if i have more money to splurge..
5	Came here on a Sunday after being quite upset by the fact that NONE of the newer well-reviewed restaurants open for dinner on Sundays. What do people do if they don't want to settle for chain restaurants or fast food? As I was getting crumpier (the hunger didn't help), I "settled" for Nolen Kitchen.Well, wasn't I glad I came by?!  We sat at the bar, since there's no need for any romantic pretense. I ordered the pork belly tacos and the soup. The tacos were yummy, the pork belly was a little chewier than I thought it could be, but the flavor was great. The lobster tomato bisque was flavorful as well, though it was more tomato (and I found LOTS of sundried tomato pieces to prove my point) than lobster. The best part of the dinner? Super nice bartender (should remember people's names better) told me they have extended happy hours on Monday all night with $1.50 beer. See, I used to come here for happy hours, but I can't when I'm still stuck at work at 6:30. But on Mondays, they serve their happy hours menu until 10pm at the bar.So guess what I did the next day, yup, I came here for happy hours. 5 pints and 4 dishes later, we were out $21. The food was solid, the beer choices are good (4 taps, all local brew).  I promise you, this is as good and cheap as it gets!
5	Hi there!  Allow me to take you on a salvatious journey to a land of deliciousness and wonder.  Imagine a day where there tempature allows you to sit outside and enjoy a cool breeze without being chilly and the patio atmosphere that sheilds you from the cars even though you are smack in the middle of Selwyn Ave.  Such a place is Nolan's.  Interior - Upscale and classy if you feel like going that way.  Not so classy that you need a coat and tie but just enough to make it a 'night out' type of night if you want that.  We sat down at the bar to fuel up on some beer and luckily, they had multiple local brews on tap.  2-3 NoDa beers and 1-2 of something else.  Bad penny, i think. But we couldnt pass up on the outside area and heading to our patio spot.Patio - Plenty of shade, fireplace, big tables and view of the surrounding neighborhood (slight view of the parking lot).  I couldn't ask for more or for better weather.  Service - Our waiter was very polite and patient with us as we were in the mood to ask questions and learn about the menu.  He didnt mind.  We like to drink, too.  We sat there from 630pm to 9pm and never felt rushed.  Perfect.  Food - All I have to say is PBT!  P. B. T.   Pork Belly Taco is #1 on the menu.  We tried the mussels, bacon wrapped dates, Chicken Souvlaki, Zucchini Chips.  All were cooked up perfectly and savory to the last morsel.  But nothing beat those PBTs.  Two funny things to add.  One, everything that I listed above are appetizers.  They were so good that, even though we planned to get entrees, we never made it that far because we kept ordering apps.  Two, my friend, Matty Schallz, said that the two orders of PBTs that we got were only half as good as he remembered because they were a little crispier than usual. WHAT!  If those were the bad ones, I need to go back for round 2!!  Who's coming with me!?  -ENJOY!-Ian M.
4	Love this restaurant. Service is excellent. Patrons are never rushed. Bartenders will accommodate any request. Food never disappoints.  My only complaint is that too many others also love Nolen Kitchen and I can't reserve a table outdoors on the lovely patio :-(.
5	Two of my girlfriends and I went here this past weekend for the first time and man were we pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was really relaxing even though it was super busy with families, dates, and friends just hanging out. Seems to be a place that all are welcome for a nice Friday night out!To start, we all ordered martinis and calamari. And let me tell you, I've never had such large and absolutely delicious calamari (needless to say, it didn't last long!). And if we weren't driving, I definitely would have ordered a second martini! As for our entrees, we ended up splitting zucchini fries, salmon, and the vegetable pasta. Everything not only looked fabulous but tasted great. The salmon was cooked perfectly, which isn't always the case I have found when out and ordering salmon. The vegetable pasta dish was full of flavor and tasted fresh. Another server even said it was her favorite dish on the menu. And as everyone else has mentioned, you have to order the zucchini fries. They are worth it.But I did want to give credit to our server, Jake. Being that we were 3 girlfriends who hadn't seen each other in a while, we were a little distracted chatting when ordering and actually sat at our table for a while. He not only was pleasant and informative about everything on the menu but he never once made us feel rushed. Which can sometimes happen on a busy Friday night. It was appreciated more than he could know!I am certainly looking forward to going back and trying more things on the menu!!!
4	This place deserves a 3.5, but I went there for my sister's birthday so let's jazz it up to 4 stars.   We came here on Tuesday night, so the bottles of wine were half off...brilliant!  This place turned into a Cougar Bar (and for the younger, attractive ladies, no disrespect!)Service was solid as a couple of other people in the group did their own cooking:  They grilled the server--asking him all sorts of difficult questions about scallops, the Happy Hour menu, details on other dishes, etc.Pork Belly Tacos were quite delicious and had a lot of good flavor.  Carpaccio of Sea Scallops isn't a good dish; the concept is great, but the execution was poor because there was too much flavor that really overwhelmed the scallops entirely.  Zucchini Chips were good, including the cucumber sauce.  Basically, all of the dishes were prepared well and came timely.  As for birthday girl, she ordered the vegetable pasta dish--and it looked like crap.  The sauce-to-pasta ratio was pretty poor.  But what made it look so bad was the lifeless clumps of broccolini sitting atop the pasta, I mean, sauce dish.  Sorry, sis!Single older (or younger) men--come here on Tuesday nights!dmo out
4	Getting together with a girlfriend of mine involves Nolen Kitchen 9 times out of 10. Why? It's predictable, solid food, with a variety of drink and menu options. Plus, there's a patio that's lovely in the summer and heated in the winter. Count me in!I always order the zucchini chips and the country greek salad. Every time. And usually some sort of relatively inexpensive wine. The zucchini chips alone are enough to send me in the direction of this location.Parking is nothing short of nightmarish, and you'll find yourself parking half a mile down the road, or across the street (illegally, mind you) just to enjoy dinner.Service is top notch. I've never had an unpleasant experience.
4	The seasonal Kale salad is amazing and I love the basil martini.  This is go to place for a nice dinner in the neighborhood.  I enjoy sitting on the patio.  My only negative would be the desserts. I've tried 5 of the 6 (excluding the cheese plate), they were sub par.  The pineapple upside cake was really bad. Wish you guys had basic simple desserts. I will still go back bc I love the salads, apps, and drinks.  Great service too!
2	Used to be my favorite place to eat. Last night I ordered Greek salad and instead of fresh vegtables I got a bowl of soggy tomatoes with one cheese crumble. We never got bread or water either. The server was polite but seemed to be busy with way too many other tables. Big disappointment that this previously great place seems to be slipping in terms of chefs and service. I wanted to talk to a manager but none was to be found!
3	Went here for a girl's night with some friends. Great location on Selwyn Ave right next to Selwyn Pub. My watermelon martini was delicious although a little pricey. The food options for me were limited since I don't eat meat, dairy or eggs. I ended up with the greek salad minus feta. It was a true greek salad without any lettuce leaves, just cut up peppers, tomatoes, onions and cucumbers. I added a side of the herb couscous which had a good saltiness to it but also had some cinnamon which took me by surprise. The other girls all had meaty meals and the only complaint I heard was my friend who ordered the chivito sandwhich said the steak was a little tough. However she is the daughter of one of the biggest cattle farmers around so she's a little particular when it comes to her steak.I did not partake in dessert (sad face) because again there was nothing for me to choose from, but the ladies happily devoured some devil's food cake, pistachio custard and carrot cheese cake. The only comment I heard was the devil's food cake had a strong coffee flavor.This place worked for a girl's night but I doubt it will make it into my normal restaurant rotation because of the lack of vegan options.
2	I used to list Nolen Kitchen among my favorites and loved to go there when it was pretty to sit on the patio. My last experience which was for take out really soured me. I ordered the Chopped Cobb salad and found it nearly inedible.  There were barely two tiny pieces of avocado, too much mediocre, pale chopped lettuce, they forgot the dressing on the side, etc.  Since the menu is very limited for vegetarians anyway, I fear one of my favorite places has dropped way down on my list.
4	I've lived in the area 3 years and had never heard of it! But I'm glad my friend took me here, what a great night! The atmosphere was perfect. Super cozy feeling outside. Felt upscale without being snobbish at all. Great wine list. Definitely manageable without being over the top. We went with the intention to eat real food but our server talked us into sharing some small plates. We tried all four of their dips with pita (not nearly enough pita, but out server offered more before we had to ask), the pork belly tacos, and the zucchini chips. I didn't care for the zucchini chips. But that's really the only issue. That, and the pita. But again, good service cancels that one out. Pork belly tacos are kind of overdone and trendy right now, but these one we're really excellent. I can't wait to go back
3	Meet up with an old friend and her mother for brunch ... but apparently Nolen's Kitchen does not serve brunch on Saturdays ... I didn't see that mentioned on the website , but maybe I didn't look hard enough. I made reservations just in case there was a crowd (once again thinking it was brunch time) but it wasn't full when we arrived so ate outside on the patio.  Overall our lunch was pretty good I had the Mediterranean pita with a side of fries, my friends had the chicken club and the swordfish sandwich. Service was great and the restaurant seemed pretty clean except for the grooves in the patio tables. They might want to turn them over and hose them down or shake them off .. food gets caught inside of them Oh the parking is a little tricky also , it's a small parking lot and you can only enter in one area and exit in the other. Just be sure to note that brunch is only on Sunday !
5	Incredible food!!!!! Just had sweet potato soup.....AWESOME!!!!Ordered an extra bowl to go
5	We really enjoyed our visit here. The steaks were superb. Service was awesome. Nothing at all wrong about this place. Must try.
3	I could be swayed to offer 4 stars but as of right now they are sitting at a pretty solid 3 stars.  The thing about Nolen is that they are great at some things and sub par at others.  Their fries, white bean dip appetizer, zucchini chips, and pork belly tacos are delicious.Some of the other items I have tried are just so-so.  I tried the chicken souvlaki this past time and it was okay but the chicken was a little pink on the inside which pretty much ruined the rest of my experience.  Plus, there wasn't much to it.  It was like 2 kabob sticks with 4 small pieces of chicken and no side really (except the greek yogurt to dip) so for $14 I left hungry.If you read my reviews I tend to leave "hungry" a lot but it is just annoying to pay a decent amount for lunch and to feel like you had a snack instead of a meal.  Maybe this place would satisfy the picky prissy eater but that isn't for me.  I have only been here 3 or 4 times but I never left with hopes of returning.  I am never that impressed and have usually left pissed because I paid too much for too little.Just my opinion of course!
2	Visited Charlotte last weekend and read that Nolens' was the place for Brunch. I went there and was disappointed. the only thing that was great were the prices and service.The brunch was ok, my husband had to send his omelet back because it was too salty, it came back better. I would day it you must eat something and its the closest thing, why not...but go somewhere else.
3	A-OK in my book. It's a popular place for the lunchtime crowd. They serve up a tasty grilled cheese sandwich and fresh salads, but not anything extraordinary. The parking lot is a nightmare so come early to avoid any stressful parking glitches. When the weather is warm, the patio is a great place to meet friends and hang out. Great location in a very popular area.
4	This is nice upscale casual dining pick.  I went with a party of 5, for NYE and was impressed with our server's ability to manage our table.  He knew when to ask questions, when to pour more wine, and most importantly timed our food and ordering just right.  Very few servers have this skill, and it's nice to be able to enjoy your appetizers and conversations before you have to worry about your main dishes being sat in front of you.I had a hanger steak sandwich without the bread and fries.  Pretty simple, but the flavors were great, with the steak cooked to a perfect medium.  I should have ordered a vegetable side, but that will be for the next time.  The appetizers were both good (crab and artichoke dip and fried zucchini).  The zucchini was on point and highly recommended for a nice light start to a meal!The noise level was a little high (but this was due to it being NYE and lots of parties going on).  We sat near a waiter stand and the kitchen door, and I could barely hear any of the employee noise.
5	Delicious! I had the crab dip and bacon wrapped meatloaf. Hubby had the paella! Both super flavorful. Don't forget the house bread! Crispy on the outside and warm and soft on the inside! Will be back soon
1	While I have visited before and the service/food was good... things have gone downhill. I went with a group last weekend. We were told 45 minutes to get a table while we saw several tables open and waiting to be cleaned. We waited at the bar and I literally stared at the bartender for 20 minutes without any luck. Finally a friend spoke up and tried to get her attention. She finally comes over and says "did you just holler at me?" Well after 20 minutes of not acknowledging our presence we had to. Then he had to mention that I was waiting and first in line. I asked for a house glass of wine and she served me a $10 glass. The manager then comes over and tells my friend, THE CUSTOMER, to apologize to the waitress for 'hollering' at her. The bartender was horrible. The service was the worst I have received in a long time. Will not be back ever again. What a huge disapointment.
5	Nothing at all to complain about for a business lunch. Great service, the menu has lots of choices. The pork belly tacos are a must have. I might get them for lunch and an appetizer next time. I had the Kobe sliders and it was a perfect lunch. Tons of salty crispy fries. Plenty to share. Love the location and the meal.
1	My friend and I walked in to this location when it was completely empty except for a few people at one table inside, one table outside, and a man at the bar. The host was talking to the man at the bar, and took his sweet time coming to greet us. We were just standing there waiting for him while he talked away. Then he gets to us, and is not friendly at all. He takes us to our table and goes to get water. We couldn't find the menu online, just saw the Yelp review while we were across the street, so we didn't know what would be on the menu. We saw that we weren't in the mood for what was on the menu, so we got up to leave. The host asked us if we were leaving, and rolled his eyes when we said yes! Wtf? Don't roll your eyes at me, that's so unnecessary. We weren't surprised at his behavior, however, seeing as how he didn't seem happy about us being there in the first place.
2	Average. Very average. Not impressed.... Especially for the price. Go somewhere else if in the area.
3	We went for dinner on Saturday evening.  The food and service were terrific.  We had the pork belly tacos as an appetizer.  Yum!  I had the trout special.  It was perfectly prepared with a nice and crispy skin and topped with a delicious vegetable medley.  My dinner partner had the bacon wrapped meatloaf-- really good.  Good portions sizes, too.  Parking is a bloody nightmare, and the noise level in the restaurant was EAR SPLITTING.  When we asked the waiter about it, he said, "This is a quiet night!".The noise level made it very nearly impossible to carry on a conversation and that is what will keep me from returning.
4	Love the ambience and food here. Zucchini chips with the greek dip are delicious, so was the crab dip. Affordable selection of wine for those of us on a budget. Service was great; I think our server was a little ticked at our 7 person party and we felt sort of rushed to leave, but overall everything was served quickly and the food selection was explained well to us. Would definitely go back but I think I prefere their lunch menu to the dinner.
1	I am so disappointed with the service here that I wish I could give a zero star review.  We went here for brunch this weekend and our waiter and the bussers were the worst.  Our waiter started off telling us the specials they were offering and we were there at 9am.  The brunch specials were eggs benedict with lobster, surf & turf and another heavy dish for 9am.  I am not a fan of benedict style egg dishes, so I didn't order that special and went with pancakes.  I guess he was trying to sell the lobster dishes because he was asking if I was sure I didn't want a lobster dish.  I said the surf & turf sounded good, but was too heavy for 9am.  He said what about the benedict lobster dish and I just said I wasn't a fan of those.  He wasn't so happy to serve us from that point on.  He had a rude attitude from that point on and made us feel like we were bothering him with any request.  At some point, he just started throwing drinks and stuff on the table and it wasn't just me or my husband that noticed this.My husband asked if they had lemonade.  The waiter responded very condescendingly "ummm yes we do have lemonade...".  My husband was like, ok so can I have a glass?  It was really awkward and bizarre.  That didn't come out til we were halfway done with our meals and it was literally slammed down on the table anyway.When we got the food, the bussers just started placing the meals in front of us without confirming they were giving the correct food to everyone.  Not surprisingly, they messed up the order and we were confused.  Instead of just brushing it off like people normally do, they snapped at us and literally complained about us to our waiter right next to our table!!!I really have never seen or experienced anything like this.  Since it was mothers day and I didn't want to upset my mother in law, I didn't make a scene, but I really wanted to let the manager know how rude his/her employees were and especially at the price of the food.Anyway, the meal ended with the water throwing the check at us without a word (he stopped speaking to us at all after our food came out).  He put the check next to me on the table instead of just handing it to my husband or saying the normal "please take your time, I'll get this when you're ready"He picked it up out of my husband's hands without a thank you or anything.  Then when he returned with the credit card and it was time to tip he all of a sudden regained some semblance of a personality? and informed us he worked in radio?? It was SO WEIRD.I would never ever ever go back here again and its a shame because the food was pretty good.
4	The only thing you need to know: zucchini chips.The second thing you need to know: chicken Greek pita (the marinade is out of this world).And the third thing you need to know: $2 draft local beers on Monday.
4	My girlfriends and I stopped in for lunch this afternoon. The place isn't very big inside but they make up for the small space with an amazing outside patio. If it's a nice day, I'd definitely recommend enjoying your meal outside. The lunch menu is primarily salads and sandwiches but the good news is that most dishes are less than $10. So you don't have to worry about breaking the bank!  I didn't need to glace at the menu, I already knew based on other Yelp reviews what I wanted to try.I decided to go with the Souvlaki wrap. It's your basic Greek wrap. It's loaded with grilled chicken, red onions, lettuce and a cucumber yogurt. I chose fries as my side, but they also offer a salad or fruit option. I enjoyed the wrap the chicken was hot and well seasoned. I'm a fan of their lemon-herb marinade and the cool cucumber yogurt was delicious. I'd absolutely order it again. My only issue with this place is not really the fault of the restaurant. It's the parking situation. It's beyond dreadful. I suggest being very nice to the parking attendant and having a lot of patience. Because this place is worth checking out!
5	Omg the zucchini chips, Cobb salad, and wine menu set this place off. Joy, the manager, goes out of her way to make every experience top notch. Get on the patio next to the fire pit. They also will let you make a vegetable plate which is rare. On the other end...bacon wrapped meatloaf will take you someplace special. Yum!
4	Sunday morning we met our friends at Nolen Kitchen for brunch, another local spot that came highly recommended. Our waiter was friendly and efficient. He brought a plate of delicious scones while we perused the menu.One friend ordered the chicken souvlaki plate. The chicken looked good, but the greek salad that came with it looked awesome. And since she is a weirdo who doesn't like olives, I was the lucky recipient of those.Another friend ordered the eggs oscar (crab cakes, asparagus, english muffin, eggs and hollandaise) with stone ground cheese grits on the side. The layer of cheddar on those grits had me drooling. Holy crap, that was a lot of delicious cheesy goodness.I had the breakfast pita (scrambled eggs, feta, spinach, oven roasted tomatoes and cucumber yogurt) with home fries and a side of bacon. There was a little too much yogurt on the pita, but other than that this was really, really delicious.Graham had the sewlyn omlette (bacon, shiitake mushroom and goat cheese), also with the epic grits and a side of bacon. The omlette and the grits were both so good. The amount of goat cheese in the middle of that omlette was completely insane and epic. Everything was delicious and reasonably priced. Each couple spent about $30.
4	Went here with a group and enjoyed my time. Draft beers were solid and the place was packed. Service was decent after we finally decided what to order, and the jazz band was a nice touch. The place was loud but seemed like that was the ambiance they were going for. Don't come here if you expect to have a quiet romantic evening. Menu items came in large portions so everyone had plenty to take home. Scallops were solid, meatloaf was heavy but delicious, and the wine list was exceeded expectations. Well be back again for other group outings. Outdoor patio seating is a nice touch when the weather is good.
3	I can't believe that it's take me so long to have dinner here.  I've enjoyed vino on the patio, but never dinner.  My gluten free short ribs were delicious, but the actual gluten free menu is a joke. Instead of being an actual menu, it's a "guide" that your poor server has to check on every little detail for you. Why even bother printing a gluten free menu is it isn't really a menu of what I can and can't eat.  Just give it to me straight and save everyone a lot of trouble.
3	Ate there last night as a date night with my wife before a gallery opening.  We tried it because it was on the way and the menu looked interesting.  Wish we'd have gone elsewhere.  While the meals were okay, they weren't great.  The server was so nice but here manager kept sending her on errands and making us feel like we were rushing her.  Talking down to us doesn't make us want to come back.  I had the chivito sandwich and the wife had the spinach pie.  Sandwich was fine but small; pie was over buttery and rich.  Good beer and great martinis are not enough to bring us back.
5	I loved Nolen Kitchen! I went for a weekday lunch. The weather was perfect and the outdoor patio is a great atmosphere. They have cushioned benches in addition to chairs to make it cozy. I got lemonade to drink and it was actually really good! It tasted homemade. The lemon chicken souvlaki wrap was really tasty as were the fries. My friend got the chicken club and thought it was great! I want to come back soon and try out the dinner options.
