5	"Mimi's is a chain and they are all the same - however, some have better service than others.  That said, out of the two dozen times I have patronized them in over 8 locations, the service has been above average.  The food is great, the portions are very large, and very reasonably priced. My only complaint is that they have updated the menu and it doesn't list everything you can order now.  Favorite items include Blackened Chicken Tacos (not on the menu), Parmesan chicken, and Cobb salad (I recommend the mini unless you want a salad large enough for two).  They bring complimentary fresh bread (raisin walnut and sour dough) with your drinks.  They have the best muffins which are included with some meals.  (Their blueberry is incredible.)They understand that toddlers grow hungry quickly.  Depending on the server they will bring out crackers and cheerios with your drinks too (you can always ask if it isn't offered).  The kid's meals include gummy worms in chocolate pudding with Oreo crumbs - a hit with my kids.I frequently do meet at Mimi's for business lunches all over the valley and they are the best.  Mimi's has something for everyone.  Although they appear to be French, they have all cuisines so don't be fooled by the name.  My only complaint is that it is very busy and you can be stuck sitting next to a large group which can be loud.  One of my favorite values.  Very large portions, great bread, and reasonable prices.  (Reasonable in my opinion is $7 - 10 for an entree.)"
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place.  On one hand they have one of the most delicious salads I've ever eaten with all my favorite stuff in it.  The "Bleu Cheese & Walnut Salad" has dried cranberries, tomatoes, strawberries & balsamic vinaigrette dressing on a bed of mixed greens...  and it comes with a muffin.  It's just awesome.  Dang, I want one now.  *drools a little*The downside is that the restaurant itself is one of those kitchy, family-friendly chains with garish, faux-French crap littering the walls.  Really, it's just too much.   Eating here makes me feel like such a tool.What's the solution?  Get it to go!  I can place an order for my coveted salad and walk out the door with it 5-10 minutes later to be eaten wherever I please.  Sweet!
1	poor excuse for a Westcor pad occupant. See "Waiting" (the movie). Yeah, it's that place.--grilled cheese sandwich looked like a brillo pad after three weeks' use (see my picture)--servers confused, unaware of their own menu--and that was just the content; they were filthy--service timings all off--soda syrups not properly proportionedmethinks it's the location. just stay away.
4	This is a great place to meet and eat. Love the Santa Fe omlet or Corned Beef Hash. Servers are usually very friendly and my meals have always been served quickly and hot.
2	What is it about Mimi's that makes me instantly feel 10 lbs heavier as soon as I walk through the door?  Maybe they import humid air in here?  or maybe it's the soul food being whipped up in the kitchen?  I've eaten here on a few occasions (not my choice) and both times the food was ok (I opted for salad).  The bread is quite good and so are the desserts.  I am just not a huge fan of the menu and style of cooking.  If you do like calorie packed comfort food then please do stop in for a bite.
4	Last time I tried the chicken fried steak it was so-so and I was disappointed.  So this time, I decided to have the Crab Cake Florentine Benedict and that is now my current favorite.  I love everything about it. The cakes never taste fishy, the eggs are poached to perfection and the spinach is cooked perfectly.  Their pan fries are good, old-fashioned pan fries - chunks of boiled potatoes browned perfectly.  My husband usually has an omelet and they never fail to impress.  Good breakfasts for sure.
4	I was here early Sun morning w my girlfriend. It was actually not busy at 730 AM. I suggest you go then. The breakfast food is always great, creative, and somewhat fancy. Cindy has a gluten and egg allergy so I think she was less impressed. She prefers Good Egg due to their bigger menu that includes salads with fruit in it.
1	Went for dinner, wasnt very busy but food took quite a long time to come out. Food was not very good, this is a good breakfast place only!!
3	This is a great place for kids.  It is one of my "go to" places when we are with the twins.  Food is good, the service is friendly and fast and our kids like it.  We go at least once a month.
2	They need to find a better way of washing dishes. Our coffee cups had stains all over, cutlery had pieces of food and had egg smell all over.
3	I am at mimi's every week, and the food is pretty good for breakfast. Get the chibatta breakfast sandwich, or pancakes. You can never go wrong with pancakes.
3	It is an OK breakfast.  You cant mess up eggs, well maybe.  They are good thought and the food comes out fast.
3	I take my 81 year old mom out to dinner every week in this area and have dined at Mimi's 3 or 4 times over the years.  It is a hit or miss kinda place. I love the raisin and the banana bread there and that may be why I have gambled on the place more than once.  Last night we had the Mediterranean Chicken Fettuccine with spinach, sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts and tomato asiago cream sauce. Topped with fresh diced tomatoes and grated parmesan cheese. It was fantastic! Huge serving and we both will return to order it again some day! In the past I had the turkey dinner with cranberry sauce and it was terrible. Dinner at Mimi's is like what Forest Gump said... "You never know what your gonna get"
3	Never had a problem with food or service. Great portions and the bread is yummy! The raspberry ice tea is my favorite. All in all one of my favorite places to have breakfast on a Sunday morning.
4	Mimi's has a good low calorie menu and solid service. The coffee is excellent. Muffins and coffee are free for waiting customers in the morning.
2	I've been to the one at Desert Ridge twice now for breakfast.  Both times the waitstaff has messed up the order.  Its a simple order, side of Bacon.  The food is good, it's only eggs and toast, but the waitstaff is is slow, forgetful, can be rude and doesn't know the menu.  Both times the restaurant was not busy, so the wait staff wasn't slammed.  If you go, make sure you stay on top of the waitstaff or you won't get the correct order.
3	We come here all the time because its close to home and there's somthing on the menu for everyone - healthminded or not, kids or adults - and it offers outdoor seating and a decent wine list. The servers have been there for years and are very warm toward us. Overall, its a solid choice for the family.
5	The service was awesome tonight!!!!!!!!   Ariel and Michael were also awesome!!!!!!!
4	Love this place. My friends and i go here often for breakfast. The mardigras omelette is good as well as the eggs benedict. this place gets busy in themornings on Sunday so there will be a little bit of a wait sometimes. Overall good breakfast or brunch place, they also serve dinner as well.
2	Average pricing of about $9 a plate, Food was okay, fresh fruit and very good specialty muffins... But the omelettes were not impressive. The spinach was not fresh and our waitress was horrible. She kept getting our drink orders wrong and had to ask for knives two times before getting them. She was not very friendly or accomodating, and it took her 15 minutes to return our credit card when we paid. Our table was never cleared off either.
3	Breakfast at Mimi's is fantastic.  I've never had lunch or dinner at this location, but since I have eaten at other locations of this chain, I feel safe saying it's probably just as average as the others.I had the belgium waffles which were crispy on the outside, and light on the inside.  Done right and tasty.  Although, they do come out with an unnecessary amount of butter and syrup.  My girlfriend ordered an omelet, and asked them just to put a little of bit of cheese and mushrooms in it (she wasn't fan of any of the combinations listed on the menu).  It came out quite well.  The omelet comes with juice, a muffin (which was awesome!) and potatoes.When compared to some of the other big breakfast chain, Mimi's is probably the best.  The price is a tad high, but you do get a lot of food.  Also, if you're like my Dad and looking for a deal and don't mind giving a restaurant your email address, Mimi's does send out a ton of coupons.  Buy One Get One Free seems to be most common.
3	This Mimi's is near the Reach11 complex where we were attending a tournament.  So, afterwards, we came here.The short version is that this is just like the Mimi's in Chandler.  The food is fine.  Not great, but fine.  The service was OK too.  Everyone enjoyed their food (I had the chicken pot pie).  None of it really struck me as "French", which is Mimi's motif, but it was good.  In fact, the kid had chicken picatta, which is Italian.  Not French.  They do have quiche, so maybe that's enough to claim to be a French-like bistro???  (Not in my book, honestly.)Anyway, I'd call this place average.  Really, I should give it 2.5 stars, but that's not an option with Yelp.  An OK place to stop if you're in the area and looking for food.  You could do much worse.
1	First tried Mimi's when we first started coming to Scottsdale about 6 years ago.  It was always a "go to" place where we could get good food at a decent price.  Don't know what's happened but we've been to 3 different locations this trip and the food has really gone downhill.  Sauces are gummy and cooked to death with too much flour/cornstarch.  Had the crab cake appetizers most recently and neither crab or cake belong in the description.  The crab was nonexistent and they were the size of a  3 inch pancake.  The other annoying thing is that the servers now try to push whatever special is going in like the wine thing or the "add a soup or salad" thing.  So sorry we won't be going to any Mimi's anytime soon.
3	I was in Phoenix with a bunch of friends for spring training and we ended up at Mimi's one night. Friendly, attentive staff and a nice atmosphere. I had one of their "special menu" items - butter squash ravioli with shrimp.  It was horrible. Tasted rubbery and as if it was made hours ahead of time and kept under heat lamps. I would return but next time I'll get something simple like a salad or a sandwich. Stick to the basics and you can't go wrong.
5	Mimi's is the place to go!! The servers were very friendly an helpful. The portions were really big and you'll be sure to eat all of it! The berry crepes dissolve in your mouth and the chipotle breakfast burrito is the best way to start of your day! Perfect for families that want a nice sit down meal but not spend too much time!
3	Always great food and service, but decor kinda dated
4	All in all this is one of my favorite breakfast places.  Even when I travel I try to find one.  It just has good food.  I will admit it is an old lady place (when Mom comes to town, I always bring her to Mimis...) and avoid Sundays if you can as your wait could be an hour.  My favorites are the Crab Cake Benedict or the West Coast Reuben.  The blueberry muffins are the bomb!
5	Best breakfast in the valley. Dinner sucks. Well, let's clarify a bit here. We've ordered blueberry pancakes, stuffed french toast, muffins, and a few other b-fast items. They were all stupidly good. For dinner, we've tried a couple dishes such as the recommended jumbalaya - SUCKS! Stay away from that canned garbage. Back to breakfast...dang, that's incredible!
4	Who doesn't love Mimi's? It's a Great place. I just can't ever decide what I want off the menu, they all look so YUMMY. Make sure you sign up for their e-mail and you'll get a free 4 pack of muffins to go, when you're done. Can't leave without the heavenly chocolate ganache goodness! We usually go for brunch so the breakfast and lunch menu's seem a perfect fit, and the little kiddo's get free snacks while they wait for their meal. A pretty simple gesture that pleased this mommy.
1	We went for Sunday brunch and I was very disappointed.   We had a table of 8 and had painfully slow and surly service by a waitress who appeared to be badly hungover. We suffered through missing parts of our meal, no refills, no check up to see how things were, and a long, long wait for our bill. Sadly the bad service wasn't the worst part. I had a sad turkey Reuben with no flavor and a soggy bun. I tried both    Thousand Island and Blue Cheese dressing to save the sandwich but neither worked since they were even more lacking in flavor. Salads had little meat, toast was burnt, and the amazing muffins tasted like bad supermarket muffins. My whole meal i kept staring at the In & Out Burger across the parking lot wishing I was there spending way way less on better food. Tons of other good places around here, this isn't one. Move on to one of the others.
5	Nothing like Mimosa's and breakfast with the people you love @ Mimi's Cafe!!! always my first choice!!!
5	Great service, really good choice of lunches and very accommodating for small business groups.  The staff is personable and the location is very convenient.  Overall, a pleasure.  I would recommend this place.
4	Always have great food when we go! Staff is on top of things and we'll return!
1	We started coming here about a month ago, the menu HAD so many great choices. We loved the buffalo chicken strips! We came in today for lunch (5/13) the menu changed, so many great items GONE! Very limited choices now. The food was so bad we didn't eat. Prices are still up there.. We won't be back, unless the old menu comes back too.
3	Cute place, nice menu, friendly staff yet the place confuses the hell out of me. I was craving crepes after seeing the item on their online menu...what I did not care for wa seeing that they were filled with orange marmalade cream cheese...So I asked the server if I could have the crepes with the mixed berries and strawberry puree instead and she said that the crepes were already made and pre-filled. Well that's awfully odd as the menu states "Made to Order Crepes"...so I asked her again and she checked with the kitchen and they were able to make the crepes just the way I wanted them.  I know...lots of drama for nothing.My friend and I waited a rather long time for anyone to come to our table to get our drink order...However, when someone finally came...we got our drinks after a few minutes and our food came in no time at all. The food was tasty and the orange juice was great. All in all, it was okay but only three stars in my book.
4	I've been a fan of Mimi's Cafe since the mid 80's when I lived in So Cal.  It was a favorite of my parents and I've been a fan ever since they first took me there.  I was extremely pleased when the franchise opened locations in Phoenix.  For me, Mimi's fits the bill as the best chain restaurant around.  It has a fun atmosphere with a casual French theme.  It features cloth napkins and fresh flowers for dinner.  Lunch is a bit more casual but no less delightful.  Their food and service is pretty consistent from location to location.   All locations have a full bar with a decent selection of wines and beers.  This morning's breakfast experience at this location at the Desert Ridge Marketplace was particularly good.  For starters we had a extremely friendly and attentive server.  She obviously enjoys her work and is very good doing her job.  We were with our teen son and nephew who are both pretty big eaters but even they were unable to finish all that they ordered.  I ordered Eggs Benedict which is a breakfast favorite of mine.  Mimi's does a pretty good job with this well known breakfast dish even though they use ham in place of traditional Canadian bacon.  Not certain their hollandaise is freshly prepared but it's pretty good . . . not as tangy as I like it, but tasty.My wife ordered fresh berry crepes with creme cheese filling which I sampled.  They were very good as well although they reminded me more of blintzes than crepes.  Their applewood bacon is thick and tasty with the right amount of smokiness. Their signature muffins are always a treat especially the carrot spice and blueberry ones.  I believe their morning fruit juices are freshly squeezed and hence, very flavorful.Mimi's for lunch and dinner is equally good.  They feature lunch and dinner combos that include an entree, soup or salad and a mini dessert with special pricing.  Their corn chowder soup is a family favorite.  Our family really likes this particularly location.  It's located in a nice part of town with lots of other eateries and a terrific outdoor shopping area.  I recommend all Mimi's locations but this one is one of our favorites.
4	good breakfast, glad they have lots of gluten free options! potatoes and hollandaise is gluten free. however the taste is not 100%... could be crispier/saltier sometimes!!
3	We had dinner there last night. The bread was as food as it gets.  That is their best offering. We had chicken and it was good but the mash potatoes stuck to the roof of our mouths. Service was ok. Nothing to make this place memorable enough to go back to on our week long trip to the area.
1	First, I have been a diner at Mimi's for many years at various locations..San Diego, San Francisco Bay Area, and in Arizona.Have always enjoyed their varied menu, pricing, and service.Dined at unit on Tatum, Scottsdale on 10/19/13 where we encountered the new French format and service theme.I think company should have better tested the format at a couple of locations......my observation is that it is not going to be a hit.  MENU has had to much revamping to soon.  Complaints I overheard were that customer favoites were gone.  French headings for items are great if you read french.PRICES seem higher with extra charges for items that are included at other similar restaurants..PRESENTATION-Did not quite understand why sides were served on separate plate and main entre (sole meuniere) was served on 2nd plate.  All would have fit on one plate and given a better presentation.SERVICE- Waitperson (Debby) provided excellent service.MISC. Waitpeople/staff now greet you with a few words of French (I understand they are now trained with a few common greetings in French.)  What happens if the customer responds to them in French...and the staff person has no clue what they said.....that could be funny.Anyway, good luck with your new format.  I hope it is received well.  I have my doubts but,, hope I am wrong.  Don't want to see Mimi's go the way of Mervyn's, Sears, and Penny's.
1	We went to Mimi's expecting good French-American cuisine and a pleasant atmosphere. When we arrived, we were told that despite having made a reservation, we were not on the reservation list - the first issue of the evening. They sat us down anyway and we ordered our food: a baked brie dish for starters, and a mediterranean salad, a pot pie nouveau and the mussels with " white wine and garlic sauce"  for our meals. The noise levels were quite high.The brie came out with two small slices of bread, despite the fact that there were three of us sitting at the table. It took at least 10 minutes from the arrival of our brie dish for our server to offer us a bread basket. Then, our meals arrived. The pot pie nouveau and the mediterranean salad both had chicken in them that looked like processed meat that was cubed and very chewy. It certainly was not fresh. The prosciutto in the salad was so sparse that it was hardly noticeable. The mussels were horrific. They were not only entirely overcooked, but the sauce had no hint of wine in it and was condensed to a honey-like consistency. It seemed to be made out of lemon and butter, although the colour and taste of the butter was so unnatural that it was certainly not real butter. Rather frustrating given that it says it will come in a wine and garlic sauce on the menu. Equally terrible was the salt content of this dish, so much so that I poured some of the water I was drinking into it so as to make it less salty.On top of all of these complaints, our waiter was entirely patronising, speaking to us in a sing-songy voice as if we were all small children. As an American who lived in France and as somebody with high expectations of both of these cultures, I must advise anyone who values their money to stay away from this most unrespectable establishment. The food, service and atmosphere were absolutely horrid. If I could offer a negative rating I would rate our experience as a -2, at least!
2	Sorry, I can't give this anything higher than a 2 rating. I made the mistake of not staying at my lovely hotel for breakfast. Thought this would be faster to get our day started. Wrong-o.Long wait on a Sunday morning. Perhaps to be expected. But, after waiting so long, had a mediocre experience. This is NOT food I would typically wait for. The server was so stressed and serving far more tables than beyond his capacity that I doubt anyone was getting decent service. From my observation this was true of all the servers in the area.The noise level was incredibly loud. This made for a non-relaxing Sunday morning brunch-time.Personally, I do not see the attraction for the crowd that seemed to be willing to wait for such mediocrity.
4	On the night of 3/26/14, we decided to order takeout from Mimi's Cafe on N. Tatum. We were staying in the area and, although we had been to other Mimi's, we had never patronized this location before. According to Yelp, it was open until 11:00pm so we tried placing an order online. However, we kept getting an error message and ended up calling instead. As it turned out, this location actually closes at 9:00pm. They apologized for the confusion and said they were trying to get corporate to update the Yelp info. (Also, their online ordering system had pick-up times up to 11:00.) Despite it being just a few minutes before closing, they happily said we could still order. I rushed over to the restaurant arriving a few minutes after 9:00. The door was still unlocked and a few tables still occupied. I was quickly greeted and told our order was not quite ready. The three employees I interacted with could not have been nicer even though we felt we were being somewhat of an imposition with our literally last minute order. Our entrees and desserts were very good and very reasonably priced. Actually, and I know this sounds odd coming from a customer, I think the food was under-priced for what we got. A very good experience!
1	Been eating here for years but after a long time waiting, it's time to review. Food may be good, but if you are in this area asking this kind of money, you should offer Wifi. Yes, they insist they have it under "CafeWifi" but it never connects. Until this is fixed they won't get anymore than a 1 star. No business meetings can be held, I can't do work while waiting for my food.
4	I went here on a Saturday evening after 7:00 pm with my man.  The place was busy but not crowded.  We were seated right away in a lovely booth by a window.   I loved the decor and ambiance.  Everyone there seemed to be enjoying themselves.  This was our first time here (we had a gift card).  We told our server this and he let the general manager know.  She came by our table several times to make sure we were enjoying our experience and we really appreciated that.  I never knew the place had a French theme.  I heard "cafe" and figured it would have diner food, like a Denny's.  The food is much more fancy than a diner.  The food is French-inspired, so this was a new experience for us.  The menu is in English but the food titles are in French.  That made my man a little nervous but we pressed on.  My husband and I are kind of picky eaters so there weren't a lot of options that we liked but we did manage to find something delicious.  They have a great deal - 2 for $25.  Two appetizers, two entrees & a dessert trio to share.  The have a fixed menu of items to choose from with this deal.  This worked out well for us.  We were stuffed by the end of our meal and had half of our entree to take home.Appetizers:  French Onion Soup for me, Caesar Salad for my man  --  We both loved our appetizers.  The French onion soup was thick and scrumptious, with nice amount of onions, a slice of baguette and dreamy melted cheese on top.  My man's Caesar salad looked very nice and he liked it very much.  I will post pics of these.Entrees:  We both got the French Dip with mozzarella added, along with fries -- The French Dip was very tasty, nicely sized and a good amount of meat.  The fries were  standard fare but tasty.Dessert:  The dessert is a trio, Cinnamon Apple Crisp with ice cream on top, Bread Pudding and a warm brownie with ice cream on top. -- The Cinnamon Apple Crisp is divine!  I want to go back just for that.  The brownie was good too, nothing special but nice with the ice cream.  Bread pudding must be an acquired taste.  Not a fan but I'm sure some of you will love it.I give this place 4 stars because I am a fan.  The food was tasty and our server was super nice and very attentive.  If you like French-inspired food then this place is for you.  If this place gets a more diverse menu it might get that extra star.
1	Still 1 star. Service was terrible. You can email as many buy 1 get one free to your customers, but if the service is terrible and I have to track the manager down to get a check and cash me out. Bad news.
3	must say service was great,  restaurant was clean,  food tasted good....  i would only have to say the only down side was the quantity.   i ordered one of the salads with  salmon    the portion of salmon was fair  but the quantity of lettuce was minimal  which left me leaving there hungry.   when; we said some thing to our server and she told us they measure it out.  wish she would have done more.          i felt like saying but didn't   this salad was $14 they could have put on another few pennies of lettuce.     it goes to show you that chain restaurant use trained monkeys, and they should be taught to use there eyes also.     this visit reminded me why i don't go to chain restaurants
5	Love Mimi's! The food is always wonderful, hot and consistent. We don't live in the area any longer but decided to stop in for breakfast the other day.Just as we remembered. GREAT!The server Monica did an amazing job... Very nice and took good care of us!We also had a chance to meet the manager Michael. He really knows how to be a team leader!It's not very often you see that in managers!Great Job Mimi's! We will be back soon!
4	The last time I ate at a Mimi's cafe was probably somewhere around 1998.  Yup, it's been awhile.  When I went to visit some good friends in Arizona, I had the pleasure of eating breakfast here.  After walking in, I instantly forgot how charming it is with the mini chandelier lights and homey feel.  It almost felt like a restaurant you would see in the New Orleans section of Disneyland.  Here's what I ordered:Potato Cake Eggs Benedict: Hickory-smoked bacon, spinach, tomatoes, poached eggs and Hollandaise. With fresh-cut fruit--  This was just delicious.  Eggs were cooked exactly how I like them-  poke them and all the yolk comes dripping out.  The potato cake was almost like a hash brown and was seasoned nicely.   The bacon, spinach and tomatoes were yummy too. Lemon Poppyseed Muffin: Piping hot and fresh out of the oven, I loved how I could taste the tanginess of the lemon and feel the tiny crunch of poppy seeds as I took a few bites.  I think I'll definitely have to go to my own local Mimi's just for the muffins alone.
4	While we are seldom welcomed with "Bojour!" which apparently is a corporate mandate, I like the atmosphere very much. I always find the good to be tasty and of good to high quality. Having said that, some meals are a bit on the light side...meaning not enough food. I am not a heavy eater and really watch what I eat when eating out, but have learned that some dishes here will leave me less-than-satisfied unless I load up on the great bread that comes with the meals. I have a weakness for great breads, but don't expect to need them in order to be satisfied with a meal.Marcus
5	Try the half sandwich - soup combo for lunch! French onion soup w/melted cheese & toasted turkey & bacon sandwich! Hot, tasty, definitely a do-again! Professional, friendly serice! Yum & Yay!
2	The food was okay but the service was terrible.  We waited two hours for our meal and some of the children were served last to be served.  Some of our favorite meals were discontinued from the menu.
1	I usually do not write reviews, but I had to describe my experience on June 1st at the Desert Ridge location. My husband, 2 small children and I were driving around Desert Ridge looking for a breakfast restaurant when I spotted Mimi's. I yelled, YES!! Mimi's-we have to go. It took about 15 minutes to be addressed by the server after we were seated at which point she spilled a tray full of water all over and inside of my purse. She apologized and got me some napkins but several items were drenched, she said--it's just water. After ordering, a manager came around and asked if we needed anything and I said yes, we want to add a side of bacon to our order. She said, well I have no idea who your server is so just order it from her when she comes back around. I said, well she does not come around much. The lady said, yes just go ahead and tell her when she comes back. I thought--why did you ask if you didn't truly want to help? Aside from this, I was so excited to get the quiche I love so much at Mimi's. When our food arrived we were SO disappointed. My daughters scrambled eggs were grey in color and clearly had been microwaved. My quiche was cold and rubbery, nothing like the fresh warm quiche I am used to. I ate maybe half of it. Instead of a side of fruit, I got 2 old pieces of melon. We spent almost $60 for food that was less quality than a Denny's and we gave the meal and service a 4, which I consider generous. I have been a long time Mimi's customer and I was so sad the quality and service have declined so much.
5	A close college friend took me here on a trip to Arizona, thoroughly enjoyed myself. Tom (the proprietor) took the time to chat with us, which was really quite nice.
3	Not the place it used to be.   Portions seem to be smaller than in the past,  but the prices are up. We were here on a Wednesday night and it was slow.  So was the service. I believe Miami ' s went "corporate" several years ago,  and it is my guess that the bean counters have an undue influence on the operation.  Too bad.
5	Fabulous omelettes - my friend and I shared the Andouille Sasage & Red Pepper and Bacon Avocado versions! We also indulged with their spicy Absolut Bloody Mary's! Great experience overall!
3	This is a great place to grab lunch! They have great soups and sandwich combos and its got a great vibe inside! Love it and will go back soon.
4	Wow!  I learned this morning that Mimi's uses "processed" eggs when making scrambled eggs. The server told me they were not real eggs, as I was lead to believe for the egg choices. The scrambled eggs, had a strange, spongy texture and a fake looking yellow color with very little taste. This is not the first time I have experienced this.  I have experienced this from other restaurants as well. The server told me the next time I order "scrambled" eggs to please ask for "real" eggs. She said the only assurance that it is a "real" egg is if you order eggs sunnyside up or over easy.  Do you think is  deceitful to the customer? I do. The manager came to our table and verified the eggs were not "real."   I feel the customer has a right to know if they are eating "real" eggs or not.  A disclaimer should be posted on the menu to inform the customer about the substitution.  I am sure using "processed" eggs from a carton is a high profit item.  CUSTOMER BEWARE!The reason I gave Mimi's 4 stars is because I like the atmosphere of the restaurant, the great attitudes of the servers and the quality of the food.  Their menu has great variety,  beautifully prepared food, and the prices are reasonable.  I will definitely go back there.  I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for this morning's egg shocker.
5	Great service from the moment we stepped I in the door for dinner. Very attentive. Delicious food! We split the Brie appetizer, I had the famous onion soup and hubby loved the burger with the bacon and fried egg on it. We will definitely be returning!
4	We are people that eat only and restaurant and when we go to that kind of restaurant we take the tasting menu. It was very good but not the best but they allowed us to go to our show and come back for the dessert for that i give them the credit because for that kind of restaurant they could have just let us walk away but they treat us like royalty .We took the tasting menu but didn't have time for dessert because of the show and they say that if we wanted to come back we would be first served ...and they mean it , we did go back and they recognize us and give us the best table like they were waiting for us and they remember our name i really feel like "special". i would definitively go back . Very expensive but worth it.
