4	If you're looking for clean, chic Mexican food, don't go to Los Beto's. But, if you want a messy, cheesy brick of goodness late at night to soak up some booze, look no further. Los Beto's is my favorite 24 hour Mexican food drive thru around. I have heard murmurings of health violations but only for really minor infractions that you would probably expect at a place like this anyway. Like I said, if you want to sit down in a clean restaurant with light ingredients this isn't for you. The Texas Burrito is stuffed with chicken, potatoes and melted cheese. Pour a little salsa on every bite as you go and you're on your way. But, don't eat and drive! I have salsa stains on many a pant that can tell you why not.
5	Just like Sonic I miss this place so much. I have not found a place that can come even close in Boston to the unreal Mexican food "Betos" had 24/7. Nothing beat hitting up Betos after a night of drinking or even hitting it up at 7am for a breakfast burrito. You cannot beat their prices, the breakfast burritos are less than 2 bucks and their bigger and as heavy as a brick. Betos will you and Sonic please move franchises to Boston.
5	My sweet lord, The Betos!  I have had just about every item on the menu (except for maybe the shrimp, I mean I'm not insane) and this place just delivers time and time and time again.  It's my first stop whenever I travel back to Arizona.  The absurdly delicious breakfast burritos, the shredded beef tacos with roughly 78,000 grams of fat per serving, steak supreme nachos which weigh about 3 pounds, cheese enchilidas...this place has it all, and open 24/7 to boot.  The staff is friendly, fast, and helpful, so be a pal and don't be shy about dropping a dollar in the tip jar, these guys earn it.
3	I've never been a huge fan of this place although I've been eating here for about a decade or so. Over the years, this place has been hit with multiple health code violations - make no mistake. It's an unclean place. Most of their ingredients come from huge cans or vats - they don't really "make" anything there as far as I know. It's all shitty crappy food. The shredded beef is dry and tough and looks like charred rat tails. I guess when it's the closest mexican food place still open after hours that isn't Taco Hell, it becomes the best option. It's edible and gets the job done, but it's not very good food. I'd never choose to eat there if any other halfway decent mexican food place was open at the time. This place wins by default only. Hell, I'd rather eat at Filibertos and they got busted for serving cat meat.Another charming thing about Los Betos is that they make up the prices in their heads. You could order the same exact thing there every single night of the week and they would charge you seven different prices. It's bizarre, but amusing. Their food is really cheap anyway, so it's not like it matters.
4	Okay, the Betos isn't going to win any international awards for culinary subtlety but dammit if it isn't an institution.  And, yes, you'll hear the haters talking the mess about the 'Tos being just for late-night drunken gorging.  False.  Slander!  Their chimichanga, paragon of authentic Northern Mexican cuisine, I know -- is otherworldly in its cheesy, meaty assault.  The carne asada burrito -- aka "the donkey dick" -- is abusively delicious, as are the breakfast burritos.  AND, as a bonus, I've never gotten ill from eating there in ten or so years of loyal patronage.And to address to accusations of cats being used to supplement the meats, as my buddy once pointed out, "If this is what cat tastes like, it's all good."And don't be fooled -- they're not open on Xmas Day.  That's why they get four instead of five stars.  Bullshit.
5	As soon as I land in Phoenix, I go straight to Los Betos.  Having lived there for about a year, it was a staple.  Now that I am gone to the East Coast, I can only DREAM about their delicious breakfast burritos.  I have read the other reviews, and all I can say that anyone who complains just doesn't appreciate the gem they have there.  Is it a pantheon of hygiene, no...but it is a drive through Mexican restaurant that is open 24 hours a day - if you want high class and floors that you can eat off - there are plenty five star restaurants in Scottsdale.  Also, as one with food allergies and a penchant for getting food poisoning - I have never, in ten years, gotten sick once from Los Betos.Be warned - one burrito is like a pillow, and the red hot sauce is divine and will knock your socks off with spice.   It is a lot of food - but it is worth the calories and the salsa stains.  The staff are also always pleasant.In all - my only complaint is that it is so far away from where I live now!The address of the one I love is on the way to the airport or near Fashion Square - at Los Betos Mexican Food 3414 N 24th Street Phoenix  AZ 85016 Phone: (602) 954-4749
1	What happened to this place.Ordered 2 California burritos and it was disgusting. There was no taste and the meat was debatable.Ordered Carne Asada fries and it tasted like mush as well. Fries were soggy and everything else was lacking flavor.Worst part? I WAS DRUNK WHEN I THOUGHT IT WAS GROSS.. SO YOU KNOW IT WAS PROBABLY PRETTY BAD! AND HOW DID MY BILL END UP BEING $14 FOR 3 ITEMS?!Nachos from Taco Bell would have been a better choice.. damn it. Don't eat here.
3	"Even bad Mexican food is good."  That's what I always say.  This place is pretty good actually.  I really like the tortillas-big and thin.  Reminds me of the tortillas I used to eat from a Mexican bakery when I was little.  The kind  that are so big, you can punch holes in them and wear them.  Hey, it's fun when you're 5!Anyway, I do like the food overall.  I really like the fact there's a drive-thru, so when I'm looking and feeling my worst, I don't have to worry about people thinking, "the last thing she needs is a taco plate."  Why only 3 stars you ask?  Because the meat is...well, you know how when you cut up a roast and throw out all the fatty, grisly parts.  I think they comb the streets for those parts.  But, they do make 'em taste pretty darn good.
4	Typical authentic mexican for these parts. However, if your into the whole fish burrito scene, I suggest you look elsewhere. Not to worry, the shrimp burrito is among the best finds in the valley. The horchata here has the perfect balance of sweetness and spices.
4	I love Los Betos.  I love all the 24 hour Mexican food places in Arizona.  It shocks me that these places don't really work in other parts of the country.  I'm writing about this Los Betos because I live within 3 blocks of them.  God knows their food has probably lead to a healthy hardening of my 24 year old arteries.  I eat here at least once a week, and their food is always pretty amazing.  It's just delicious, greasy Mexican food at its best.Watch out for the 2AM rush, as that's when the drunks show up en masse.  You will likely have to wait in line, and potentially deal with ridiculous behavior.  This pretty much goes for any of these 24 Mexican joints.
3	This place really scares me sometimes.  I bit into a taco last night and grease literally streamed out the other end.  Luckily I'm already on Lipitor.
3	If cleanliness is next to godliness then The Betos is perched on the rim of the 6th circle of hell.That doesn't mean it's bad mexican food. In fact, it's decent enough to be a "guilty Pleasure". But you will be guilty (you will also not be constipated the next morning, ahhh, the lubricating effects of copious amounts of animal fat).I was helping my daughter buy and assemble some IKEA furniture (and I use the word "furniture" loosely in conjunction with IKEA) and she bought me lunch at The Betos (are they a family, or what?). She didn't realize that I had been here before (as I said...it's a guilty pleasure...I don't advertise things like this as a general rule). She had just found it, with her roommate, as a late night drive through dinner spot.We decided to eat at one of the picnic tables and when I got out of the truck, my first thought was "is there a rendering plant in Scottsdale"? No, but you are in the grease trap nexus that exists between Whataburger and The Betos. This is a vortex of decades old cooking grease molecules that will swirl between these 2 establishments and survive until the next ice age freezes them for our ancestors to study.My carne asada tacos were pretty decent...greasy and tasty. I got some hot sauce (can it be called "hot sauce" if it's not either thing?...just wondering...I suppose "tomato-ey water" doesn't hit the right marketing buttons). Whit had a couple of cheese enchilada's. We were full to the brim and on our way to recovering from IKEA assembly. Just what I needed to slide (pun intended) into the weekend.
3	Seriously the best 3am quesadilla I have ever had.  It was big and gooey, with just enough browning on the outside of the tortilla to make it a little bit crisp.  As an added bonus it was kind of cold outside, so it made a great hand warmer as well.  Why only 3 stars?  OK, you do have to sit on some questionable outside picnic tables and I don't want to think about how clean the kitchen may or may not be, but the entertainment value of watching tipsy people stumble around while waiting for their food can't be beat.
5	I love this place....and all divey mexican joints for that matter!  I was in the area today, and was unfortuantely still full from lunch, so I didn't stop.  I used to drive by every morning on my way to work and would go through the drive thru at least 2-3 times a week to pick up breakfast AND lunch.  I don't care how dirty their kitchen is....I have never gotten sick, EVER.  When I was on a low-carb diet, I would order a burrito, eat the insides and I was still full!!!  Now, I fully indulge in the greasy, lard-filled, carb-filled goodness.  How can you go wrong with a breakfast combo of scrambled eggs w/ ham, refried beans and fresh tortillas...YUMM!!!  I agree that their "hot sauce" is very watery, but it still works.  Carne asada, carnitas, pollo asado, it's all good ")
4	I don't know what it is about this place.  I've been going to Los Betos for years.  For some reason it only agrees with me late at night.  Anytime I get it between the hours of 9am-11pm, it's disgusting.I love their beef burritos and Super Natchos.  Super Natchos weigh at least 3 pounds.
4	Sometimes you just got to get yourself your sausage burrito fix... and it can't just be any burrito it has to be los betos! So a friend once told me that in order to judge a good burrito it has to be greasy, messy, and stuffed. Yea, los betos is damn right greasy! Once you're halfway done with your burrito it get's really messy, and I think they really fill up those burritos. I gotta admit that we Phoenicians are spoiled with our many drive-thru mexican fast food places and I'm spoiled knowing the greasy goodness of los betos. This is the place to head to after a night of drinking in old town, or simply craving carnitas with the pico and guac. So, these are my recommendations at los betos - try the carnitas burrito coz it's damn greasy and good, and if you're extra hungry, the carnitas supreme with all the fixins. If you want a breakfast burrito, go for the salchicha (sausage) burrito... the eggs, cheese and sausage is mmmmmmmmmmmmm YUM YUM... and finish it off with some horchata or jamaica... oh heaven.
2	I used to live right up the street from this restaurant and as a result came here several times.  I don't think that there is any way I'd return though.  I have literally never felt good after eating here - whether it was a hazy, late night encounter and getting sick in the morning, or more of a standard evening dinner and getting sick at night.  Maybe I'm allergic to some sort of special, exclusive ingredient they use...
4	It was almost impossible for me not to stop here on the cab ride back from old town for carne asada fries.mmmm sooo good! I really only went there between the hours of 2-4am but, los betos never let me down.
4	I love eating at los betos. My favorite is their chicken enchiladas which I get constantly. They fill my tummy up and taste delicious with their lettuce and chicken and red sauce.  When im not in the mood for enchiladas my second favorite item is the green chili burrito which has just enough kick before its overpowering. This place is definitely a hole in the wall but isn't that what makes a dingy little Mexican joint so awesome? The only reason im giving it 4 out of 5 stars is because their food isn't consistent some days their food is really good and other days its just alright.
4	Love this place to get my late burrito fix. I especially love it after a night out. The place is awesome. Yes, it's greasy but it's yummy. I know, bad, but like I said, yummy. The portion sizes at this place are huge and their food is pretty cheap. I like getting my carne asada burritos as well as a California burrito. I also really enjoy their carnitas burrito, thanks to my friend Jason, and I do like their chorizo burrito when I get in the mood for a breakfast burrito.
4	When I lived in Scottsdale, I used to hit up Los Betos about 3-4 times a month.  I always ordered a Carne Asada Quesadilla, with sour cream. After a while, they got used to me ordering it, and would wave to me through the drive thru window. Apparently, I was the only one who ordered this.Anyways, I got to know the staff, even though I couldn't really communicate with them but through broken English and gestures.  Friendly crew.  Plus, they alway accomodated me with extra hot sauce containers, and I always threw them an extra few bucks.That quesadilla is heaven on earth.  Someone else posted about 'being in love,' and I can relate.  I seriously cannot go more than a month without one, as I live in Chandler now.  But I make it to Scottsdale once in a while, and every time I do, EVERY time, I stop at Los Betos.  You put a spell on me.
4	This my fix when I want cheap and easy mexican food quick! open 24 hours, so if your hungry and leaving the club in Scottsdale its nothing to take a cab down the street and get a burrito from this spotI have only tried the breakfast burrito and the California both are delicious..cant go wrong with 24 hr Mexican food especially this spot..
3	Absolutely delicious when you're intoxicated. A 50-50 chance being decent or totally gross when you're sober. Los Betos offers a lot of greasy food for cheap, but like any 24-hour drive through Mexican stand in the valley, it's a gamble that you will most likely regret when you wake up in the morning. I used to live a stone throw From Los Betos and ate here way too many times during that period of my life. Like a majority of the patrons, I drove through after a night at the bars or after a late night of working when traditional fast food just wouldn't do it for me. I also probably had a BAC that was pretty close to the legal limit. The staff was always pretty cool and friendly. For better or for worse, one guy even consistently remembered that my usual order was 3 rolled tacos with guacamole and a quesadilla.
1	this place sucks. meat tastes like straight asshole!
5	For cheap, yet delicious Mexican food, especially after a night of drinking... this is the place.  They're open 24 hours!Order the Steak Egg and Cheese Burrito.  $5.45, and its about the size of a subway foot-long.  Packed with steak and cheese... oh man, I think I might go get one for breakfast!  *drool*
5	Carne asada burrito with beans and cheese. Dank.
4	Great place especially when you are drunk.  You can walk right up to it, and order, and for the most part, they get your order somewhat right... if they mess up, it is probably cause you were drunk.
5	I basically go back and fourth between the carnitas and carne asada burritos.  Add a horchata and I'm in heaven for $7.
3	My friend lives nearby and really likes this joint. It is very convenient! We don't have drive-through Mexican food in Hawaii...lol. Anyways, I had combo plate of 3 tacos with rice (no beans for me!) I didn't pay attention to the "rolled" before the tacos and was confused as to why I had taquitos. lol. But my husband assured me that they had given me the right thing. It was tasty, nonetheless. Their guacamole tasted a little odd to me, and they plopped on a huuuuuge pool of it onto the tacos, so it overwhelmed the plate a little bit.
5	Convenient and delicious. Slightly higher price than other 'drive-thrus' but the portion size is relative. Even at the drive through I wait a little while, but honestly- it's worth it - which says alot!I will definitely keep going back.
4	I LOVE this place.  It is usually the first place we stop when we get to Scottsdale and the last place we eat at before heading back home.  I spent too much time and money there while a college student, but the food was cheap back then and it is delicious.   I can't find the equivalent out here in the San Francisco Bay Area.  The carne ascada tacos without beans are what always keeps me coming back.  The super nachos are really tasty too!  Well, shoot!  Now I want that for dinner!
4	You want to feel guilty, satisfied and happy come here during the hit of drunken cravings at 2am and its a no fail mmmmmmmm gooooood! The bacon burritos that I've taken in are badges of pride in the form of plaque in my arteries.  Totally have accepted it but its alright.  Clean kitchen from the viewpoints I can observe with speedy service.  That's all I need.  After this review Its gonna be time again for another bacon goodness.
3	While not as good as Fiesta Burrito, this place is an okay substitute.
4	Breakfast Burrito and lots of extra hot sauce. Yum!!!
3	Went there last night late for a chile relleno burrito. I craved one and I haven't had theirs yet. It was delicious and had refried beans. I could taste the relleno batter which mixed with the other ingredients well, but there should've been more relleno. Overall great tasting but too much bean. Nice heavy burrito.INSIDE SKINNY: Pay the extra buck for a double handful of watery red salsa shots. Sign on drive-through window. A whole shot at the right time makes a magic mouthful.
3	Decent gut-bomb mexican food. If you want to stuff your face with salty, greasy goodness, this will do. However, I still miss the taquerias my hometown offers (suburb of Seattle with a BIG Mexican presence- no joke). I ordered a fajitas burrito, and while it had all the requisite ingredients and a heaping portion of meat (a surefire way to make me happy), there just wasn't the level of flavor and spice I look for. Maybe they thought my pale skin means I like my food bland? The hot sauce they provided was watery and lacked punch as other reviewers note, and didn't kick the bland burrito up a notch like I hoped it would.I don't see myself returning to Losbetos unless it's a 2AM emergency, anything tastes good when you're desperate!
3	I never thought I'd visit a place such as this without a brain full of alcohol, but  recently I discovered the steak and egg burrito here.  I put this little guy on my late night rotation (minus the cheese) and I wake up feeling ready to tackle the day (as opposed to the toilet).  It probably won't win any awards but it more than adequately serves its purpose. Cheap. Delicious. Man-food.
3	Not too bad for what it is. I usually get three rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole, or a bean and cheese burrito. The service is quick and friendly, but I'm not too keen on the quality of food but its great for late night munchies. Try plain churro :) yum!
4	Losbetos is the bomb. So dirt cheap and you get so much food. I live across the street so it's super convenient for me which I love! It's open 24 hours which is the shit. I haven't been there at any really odd hours as of yet, but I like knowing I have the option and I also presume I will end up there at some weird hours at some point. They're carne asada, chicken, and huevos rancheros are all soooo good. You will be in a serious food coma after you eat here.
5	5 stars for a drive through Mexican food joint?? Eff yes. Basing this solely on the type of restaurant they are, Los Betos is pretty damn good (and affordable too). Monster burritos, cooked up and delivered in the drive through at record breaking pace along with some killer red salsa.I love Los Betos for their quick and easy way of getting me a delicious breakfast burrito on the go when all you really want in the morning (or late at night - they're open 24 hours) is a tasty gut bomb that is Mexican fast food.
5	Yes..this is as good as it gets for Rolled tacos. Finally found a place that knows how to do it right. The tacos are crispy and only a touch greasy and they load the guac and cheese on top heavy. All of that for $4.50 and a side of normal rice for 99 cents. Great late night meal for $6 and they don't skimp on the red and green sauce either, despite the sign saying they will charge more for extra. The red is better at this place and 24 hours to boot.
3	Okay food. Beans are sometimes old with a little crustiness.75% of the time the people have an attitude taking orders... so they get $0 tip most the time.
3	So my friend decided to pick where we'd eat lunch since he was driving.  We ended up at Losbetos.  We went through the drive-thru which wasn't that long of a wait.  I ordered carne asada fries.  I totally forgot how big a full order was and didn't think about order a half order.  We of course took the food to go.  Once we got home, we grubbed.  The food wasn't cold, nor was it hot.  I guess it was somewhat warm.  In general, the food wasn't great, nor was it horrible.  My friend concurred.  As for the hot sauce, it sucked.  It wasn't even spicy at all.  Tasted like watered down tomato juice or something.  The place looked pretty authentic to me...what a shame.  Maybe ordering from here will taste better on another day.  That's what my friend said who's a regular.They take credit card, even American Express.
4	Best San Diego style burrito shop this side of the Califoria border.
4	Love the breakfast burritos!
2	The thing is that I'm spoiled by Filibertos, and they look similar. Last night in Scottsdale, we settled here because how different could they really be? More than I thought! I ordered the chili rellanos burrito, and my friend ordered the beef chimichanga. I'm all about green salsa, but to my disappointment, they 'now charge $1 for salsa.' Boo! They put a couple red in the bag, but I wasn't into paying for more. My burrito had one tiny little pepper in what tasted like a del taco combo burrito, which would be fine, except this one cost twice as much. The deal breaker for me was when I bit into something like a tiny rock that was grinding in my teeth and had to spit it out. I wasn't into finishing it.My friend wasn't into his either. He thought the guacamole might have been mixed with mayo, and it looked pale. We're not picky usually, but sadly this place just didn't satisfy.Sooo two stars for being open 24 hrs and being drive thru, but overall I think I'll bypass this place in the future.
3	Second time is never the charm. The rolled tacos are still good, but guacamole quality took a dive on this visit. I also tried a chicken tamale and that was inedible and rubbery. Must have caught them on a bad night, but I think they have more of those nights than good nights.
3	I'm a Mexican food junkie. Nothing beats a good Carne Asada Burrito or a Bacon, Eggs, n' Cheese Burrito when you got a case of the hangovers. Los Betos is average in satisfying your Mexican food fix.If you're drunk, stop on by and get your favorite post-drinking Mexican dishes. They have what everyone else has. They won't disappoint. When sober, however, you'll notice the inconsistency. The tortillas are sometimes hard and taste days old, the guac is nasty on occasion, the Carne Asada frequently is dry and rough. It's okay Mexican food...unless you're schmammered. Then it's the shiz!
1	This has got to be the worst fast food place we have ever been to! Terrible customer service! Terrible prices! Terrible everything. I over heard one of the cooks say something about a cucaracha...now, I can't understand most Spanish but I do know what that word means. For anyone who doesn't, it means cockroach! I immediately lost my appetite! They made my boyfriends food wrong and because of his allergy he requested that they remake it. They put up a huge stink and because the cooks refused, the cashier ended up having to go back there and make it himself. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone.
3	Im not sure what kind of person checks yelp for a Mexican fast food joint with a drive thru  - usually best for after the bar closes. It's what you would expect. Greasy, filling, sauce laden, cheese covered Mexican food in a styrofoam box.75% of the menu comes out of a deep fryer - these places are on every corner in Scottsdale and are pretty much the same. Not as cheap as they should be but they are sure to fill you up. Seriously - how do you review 5 rolled tacos with cheese...
5	Take it from AZ native, best machaca burrito and chicken tacos around. Try the flautas with guacamole, drive thru and go sit in the park to enjoy
2	No reason to eat this with so many other choices in the area.
4	I'm the kind of gal that needs greasy, cheesy, spicy, yummy goodness after a rough night out.Los betos has been my go to spot for the right kind of cure.My favorite burrito is the California burrito, no pico de gallo, add beans. I order this every time and it does it's trick.I recommend you get this burrito and you'll never go back to a different kind of burrito.
5	Green chile means more than one thing, and although I didn't get the New Mexico-esque concoction I hoped for with the green chile burrito, it turns out that the burrito was worth it for the outstanding, juicy pork. Not radically different from carnitas, it reminded me a little of southern pulled pork.The accompanying green sauce was fine, but a bit like anywhere else. However, the red was a powerful recipe that no spice enthusiast should miss.There are no indoor seats, just a couple of outdoor spots at this mostly drive-through venue.
4	This is my favorite mexican fast food place in the Old Town, South Scottsdale area, great flavor, good portion sizes. If you want something to finish off a night of partying in Old Town, this place will be open late for you!
