4	i don't use profanity in my reviews, but i cannot find any other words that can express the hot wings.  they are so fucking delicious it's ridiculous.  the chicken wing is cooked well, where it gets crispy and is juicy in the middle.  there is little fat, you you are actually eating a chicken wing.  i pretty much ate everything off the bone.  they have many different kinds of sauce you can select, mild to suicide, honey, bbq, and those sweet flavors with heat for any taste you're in the mood for.  the hot sauce (the step down from suicide) with the wing itself, created the most delicious hot wing i ever had.  it had heat and flavor, without too much of a vinegar taste.  i seriously wanted to lick the plate.  on wednesday their special is 10 wings for $3.00.the only reason why i did not give this place 5 stars was because of the bartender.  the drinks were weak.  they use canned juice and red bull instead of the bulk or spout kind, which i appreciate the taste.  i went up to the bar and said i wanted to do a shot.  i am spoiled and don't know the names of any shots (my regular bartenders knows what me and my friends like and will just randomly make stuff that he knows we'll like).  i tell the bartender vodka is ok, no tequila, something that tastes kind of like fruit punch.  she rolls her eyes with her hands on her hips and mentions they don't have any fruit punch.  i mention that the only thing i can remember the name of is the around the world, and she told me you can't make that into a shot.  hahahaha, that's pretty much all i know it as, she was ridiculous.  she made this grape and pineapple juice crap that hardly tasted like booze (i saw her pour, it was pretty much just juice).  aside from her, the server, who was nice, got mine and my friends drink mixed up.  she had a red straw in the one she thought was the raspberry, but the mandarin was made in that glass, so we switched.  when i ran out of my drink, i asked for another mandarin red bull and she brought me a raspberry since the red straw was in it. they do karaoke on wednesday and another night i cannot remember.  the selection of songs is great.  there were newer songs.  they had amy winehouse, hot hot heat, panic at the disco, fall out boy, the entire rent soundtrack (which my friend was excited about).  the ones i was amazed to see were teddy geiger, ryan adams, and jeff buckley.  and if that wasn't all... fuck her gently by tenacious d.  my friends and i have wanted to sing this song at our bar forever, they wouldn't even let us sing it a capella.  it was so rad to sing it, it was like some great accomplishment.
5	i like brigett's.  a lot.  hate to disagree with virginia, but i've never been served a weak drink or gotten anything but good service.  they have karaoke every night and trivia on mondays and wednesdays--it so happens these are a few of my favorite things to do after my blood alcohol level reaches a certain point.  the food's good; i've been meaning to branch out (the menu is pretty big) but i always end up getting the blt because it's goddamn delicious.just a good, solid neighborhood bar.  some rough types there, but they're all friendly.  kind of like bikini lounge used to be, but cleaner and with food.
2	Ghetto biker bar. Okay place to hang out if that's what you are looking for.  I don't like how the shower curtains they use for bathroom doors in the lady's room touch my knees when I sit on the toilet.  Gross.
3	brigettes has awesome karaoke, and bar food.I have only had bad service there once. And that bartender/server isnt even working there anymore. Brigette herself can be seen working the bar and mixing in with the patrons. She is a friendly upbeat gal that always makes you feel welcome. The place is a neighborhood dive bar.  You can feel comfortable here. There are all different types of people. I saw men in suits mixing with bikers. Old and young. Cowboys and metal heads. etc.The only downside is the ladies room. Small, cramped and the shower curtains as doors bring this place down. It's also hot in the ladies room! the women need a place to put their purses so they dont get all gross and wet. Parking can be tricky, the lot is small. There is parking after hours in the lot next door and behind brigettes.Edit: We don't go back much. The waitress cut us off after having 2 jagerbombs. How stupid. Hopefully this waitress is no longer there. I like Brigett and wish her the best. She is a great lady.
4	First time going here and the wings were AWESOME!!! One of the best wings I have ever had. They were a bit crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The sauces are wonderful!!! Thanks to Virginia's comment, my husband and I decided to check the place out and we totally agree with her about the wings. Go try them out!The people there (staff and customers) were friendly and you can tell that a lot of the customers are regulars because the staff knew who they were when they walked in. My friends and I were looking forward to singing karaoke, but by 11pm, they have yet to begin because of the low number of people (must be the holiday weekend). Parking is small but there are parking available with the stores around them.We will definitely check it out again and attempt to karaoke.
4	One word...Taco's...Scrum-diddilly-yumptious...If You haven't tried them do yourself a favor and go there..Now!!...Karaoke IS Okay..Some nights...Almost the perfect Dive bar ;)
5	I see the last review was some time ago, and I just visited Brigetts for the first time Sat night.  I would agree with most of the last review, Laid back place, mix of people, hillarious karaoke, fairly cheap drinks and good eats.      Try the pixie stick shots, and cheese crisp for a good value...Generally I'm not a bar fly but could find myself getting stuck here!
4	This is a great place.  Great neighborhood dive bar with a  great Karaoke place (evil T.)The food is better than the average bar.  The steak salad is GREAT and the breakfasts are incredible.Facility - Average. Your average neighborhood bar. Dark  and dingy...like the locals love it.Quality - The quality is good.  The cooks do it right.  Very consistent.Staff - The girls at Brigett's are great.Price / Value - Brigett's prices are very good and they offer a great bang for your buck.If you like to spend a few hours at the local neighborhood biker bar...then this is the place for you.
5	I am putting a disclaimer on this review by telling you up front... I am a regular. There is a good reason I'm a regular though.The bartenders are awsome and really friendly. The drinks are priced well and the owner has a house beer that is really tastey and even cheaper than the regular beers. The karaeoke host is so nice. Terry (evil T, papa T, etc.) is one of the main reasons I started frequenting this place. There is a huge selection of music. Even if you don't see it in the books, a lot of times if you ask he can find it. Don't be surprised if you get a nickname from him on your first time up. This is a great hole in the wall/dive bar.
4	I feel I must tell you now, I am a regular here.  Afterall I only live a block away.  When I initially moved into the neighborhood, I thought Brigett's looked quite scary...I was very wrong, and it is a great dive bar!  This place has great food and all the bartenders are quite nice, the owner is usually around talking to customers, and the patrons are very friendly.  If you are a loner, there are plenty of dark corners for you, but I almost guarantee you will have met someone before you leave or have at least been entertained by the people there.  I can't ever decide what I want to eat here because there are so many great choices.  My top three are:  the tacos YUUUUUMMMMMM, the California Chicken Club AMMMMazing, and the sliders (any of them).  The drink prices are great, particularly for draft beer (not a great selection though for beer connoisseurs).  I don't know if I would describe the ambiance as pleasant... this place has karaoke EVERY night, so if you are a karaoke fan you must check it out.  I myself can only stand it once in a while.   I usually leave before 9p when it starts.  But I must say, Terry, the MC/DJ for karaoke has a way of keeping the crowd going and has a massive following of karaoke regulars at this joint.  Brigett's always has people whether 10am or 10pm and the alcohol is always flowing.  If you like random crowds and people watching with great bar food, this place is for you.I forgot to mention: the bathrooms are AWFUL!
5	Bridgett's Last Laugh is what it is - and it is great.It's a dive bar that has awesome trivia on Wednesdays and Thursdays, surprisingly good food (get the pulled pork tacos) and great drink specials.Want to go somewhere in your sweatpants, drink a few beers, eat a few wings, and chill out - go here.Also - Breakfast is served all day long.  Nothing like french toast and a 32 oz beer.
5	Great food and awesome staff. Brigett runs a great neighborhood sports bar. Steak and eggs special on weekends that go great with a bloody mary.
3	This is a nice relaxed local bar with good drink specials. I would have one complaint and that I don't like being there during kereoke nights.
5	I seriously love this place! I'm now becoming one of the regulars who stop by every Tuesday night for the great comedy show that is put on. Some  nights the comedy is a little iffy, but most of the time I am LOL'ing. I tried the tacos for the 1st time last week and for $1.50 they are some of the best tacos I've ever had! After awhile everyone starts to know you by name, and remembers your drink orders (even if service gets a little slow). The perfect little dive bar for me. =D I've been searching for a bar like this for sometime and I coudln't be happier that it's right down the road from me.The impression everyone gave me was that this was some kind of biker bar, but after you visit you'll find there is a HUGE mixture of people who frequent here. So don't listen to everything you hear, you should really experience this place.If you are on the border of checking this place out, just do it! (Esp. if it's a Tuesday!!!)
5	I discovered Brigitts as a neighborhood activist in the area, but I started going in when my ex-husband left me. I wanted a place close to where I lived that I could go to alone to kill some lonely evenings but be safe and not harassed, meaning not a typical pick up joint. I found the right place. The people were friendly. the staff quickly remembered me and what I drank. I loved the karaoke  with Terry. But eventually I moved and stopped coming in. for a while. LOL Shockingly, I have re-married. My new husband has his own fave neighborhood bar, but it has recently changed hands. So, we know what kinda change THAT brings. The time was ripe to introduce him to Brigitt's. So, we have started coming in and enjoying the food as well as the adult beverages. LOL LOVE the food! Tacos are AMAZING! Great wings. I gotta thing going with the chicken tenders. Everyone comes here. Yes, there are bikers. And guys in suits. Retirees. College age kids. Just plain ole down to earth nice people.Yes, the ladies restroom is a lil cramped. I try to think of it as quirky. But the place has been busy and in business for years. That has to say something, right? This IS the perfect neighborhood where-everyone-knows-your-name bar. I've come back home and this time I am home to stay. With my new husband, of course! :)
5	Hot Wings + Strong, cheap drinks + A great karaoke crowd = perfection.I didn't expect to find any establishment worth, well, anything, on my visit from San Diego, but BOY was I wrong. Brigett's had a nice crowd there to SING, not just laugh at other people singing. I only wish there was a karaoke bar THIS great in SD. I'll be back!
4	Great friendy dive bar! Love the food!
4	I am sad to see the reviews about the poor service because I know exactly which server they had..  and I don't blame them. (The rest of the servers are so friendly, though!)However, this is one of my favorite hang-outs. We live just down the street, so we go at least once a week. The food is out of this world! The wings, burgers, tacos, and sandwiches are so great! Tuesdays are free comedy, Wednesdays are free trivia, and they have karaoke almost every night. One of my favorite aspects of this bar is the mixed crowd. After showing up a few times, the staff and the regulars were waving and saying they were happy to see us again. The crowd sings everything from top 40 to Pantera to oldies. It's definitely a dive, but if you're looking for a friendly crowd, phenomenal food, and giant mugs of beer, this is your place.
2	This place has AWESOME prices and tacos BUT the service really sucks. I know its a dive bar but I wish they would do a better job at training the servers and bartenders. There is NO greeting when you enter, I've sat at a table for 10 mins before someone asked how they can help me. The waitress passed me up 3 TIMES before serving me. HORRIBLE! However, the prices (Happy Hour) keep bringing me back and I've learned, piss on the waitresses, go to the bar and order your drinks and food, it still may take awhile but definitely a lot faster than waiting on a waitress.
4	This club has changed a lot over the years, but this version is by far the best. Nice people hanging out and singing karaoke or watching comedy, or what ever brings them in. This is the best karaoke in town, bar none. Pappa T does a great job. The free comedy shows are also the bomb. Great job guys, keep up the good work.
5	I love this place, I come here allot all the food is amazing and well priced. Karaoke every night! and now comedy on Wednesday nights and I believe one other night and it is funny!!!Service is good, most of the time and the people are all sorts from skaters to bikers to vocalists, if you wanna have a good time and not spend to much this is where you go!!!
4	Fun dive bar. I basically only go on Tuesdays, either to perform or watch the standup comedy, so it may be different on other nights. The $1.50 tacos are big and tasty. The beers are cheap but I'd prefer my dive bar drinks stronger and cheaper. Papa T, who runs the Karaoke, is cool character, and the singers seem like they have a lot of fun...Some people complain about the service but if you just introduce yourself and be proactive you should be fine. I've never had any problems. There are always a few bikes out front, but definitely not enough to qualify as a biker bar. Either way, the clientele is cool...Again, this may just be Tuesdays...
4	I'm not sure how the hell I have lived in this area so long and never been here! Maybe because Cave Creek Road can be be such a cluster F of so many businesses I never noticed it. Sure is a fun place! There is a large bar where most people sit and then tables around as well. It's bigger than it looks. Varied crowd with mainly your "biker crew". People from all walks of life seem to come here, though. Friendly crowd and great people watching. It's older. Nothing fancy. They have pool, darts and a bartop video console. Some of the bar stools are rickety and make me feel like if I have one too many cocktails I might end up of the floor from it tipping over! Happy Hour is from 3 to 6, not 3 to 7 like some sites claim. Good deals at that time. Beers 2 bucks, wine 3 bucks, and well drink specials as well. The menu is big and varied. Decent prices for sure. Large portions. My only turnoff was ordering the bean tostadas and when they came out the beans were ICE cold. I mean they actually has small ice bits. (The rethinking of this is making me want to barf a little). I explained this to the bartender who didn't seem to think it was too odd, but she sent them back and they came back out perfectly. My friends had the tacos that looked REALLY good. Only a buck fifty a pop on Tuesday's, too! They have nightly karaoke here and comedy routines on Tuesday's, which is really fun. This bar has a nice feel of people just enjoying drinks and a good time. Another downside can be the "burning out/racing" of the bikes in the parking lot arriving and leaving. The tire smoke gets in the bar and makes me feel like I need an Oxygen tank and an inhaler. I recommend stopping in here for some drinks and food. The service isn't outstanding, but they do keep your drinks full and will check on you frequently. I plan to keep coming back often.
5	Some amazing bar food, trivia Wednesday and Thursday (I'm usually there Thursdays) and the karaoke is awesome. Great drink and food specials. I'm partial to their fish tacos (chipotle mayo, yum!). PS If you're good at trivia, come Wednesdays, since I'm there with my team on Thursdays ;)
4	I cannot believe I haven't reviewed Brigett's yet! I've been performing here for about a year. There is a free comedy show every Tuesday night at 8.The service is always great, and Shanna always has my regular drink (soda water with lime) on my table before I even get settled.It's a biker bar. Sometimes, the regulars aren't into comedy, but that rarely happens. When it does, though, it usually makes for a pretty raucous night! Comedians have big mouths and with a mic in hand, there's no stopping us, no matter how big your Harley is!The food is decent for a dive bar. I always get a cheeseburger with bacon. Nothing fancy, but it hits the spot. If you go on Tuesday nights, the tacos are all $1.50 and I can usually only eat one.Sound system is great! If you stay after the comedy show, there's karaoke. Well, the karaoke is every night, but why would you go without a great comedy show?Friendly staff, clean bathrooms (I almost always talk about bathrooms in my reviews. I pee a lot.), decent bar food and always characters to look at. Oh, one time there was this creepy dude that kept coming up and standing behind me, as if he wanted to talk to me, but he didn't even attempt a conversation. Apparently, he's gotten kicked out of there before for harassing females. These are the guys I attract.
5	THE BEST DIVE BAR I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!!I used to live off of Bell Rd. and Tatum Blvd. This place wasn't that far from where I used to live. I used to come in every Friday and Saturday nights. Great place, the karaoke is great (I sang there a few times myself), and the drinks are reasonably priced. Since I moved in 2004, I have only visited it about 3 times since. And the last 3 times were all new people and new bartenders. So I didn't know anyone anymore. The last time I had been in was last year in 2010. I still liked it and only 1 person remembered me. But I still liked it, lol!
5	I have a perosonal policy not to go into Bars w/out windows...glad I made the exception here!  Surprisingly good food and reasonable drink prices!  And can't beat their wings - YUM
5	Amazingly great food.  Everything  I have tried on the menu has been very tasty, and if you want something specially prepared just ask and they will accomodate.Brigett's is the only place I know that pours water in and out of your frozen mug before filling it with your favorite beer on tap which provides a wonderfully frozen icy layering in the mug.  It keeps your beer the coldest serving in town!The wait staff and bartenders are terrific....
4	Really nice place. Now that i think of it, i swear ive been here before, though the layout isnt too uncommon.Really nice people and a fun crowd. Good list of songs. I ended up with a bunch of songs on my list for the night. Actually might be the longest of potential songs for a single evening.Pours were a bit dry but not too bad.KJ seemed like a really nice guy. A great karaoke experience.This is not a place to come dressed up to. It is almost a biker bar but not quite...but close!
4	A place that bills itself as a "5 star dive bar" and pretty much fits the description. (I mean, you wouldn't expect them to label THEMSELVES as 4 stars)They serve a variety of non-bar foods, like soft-corn tortilla sreet-style tacos. There are a few good beers mixed in with the usual regulars.They spice up the week with nightly trivia and weekly free comedy shows.Really nice people on staff, too.
5	I got to say, I am not a bar kind of girl, however, I do love me some Brigett's. We usually go on friday or saturday night for karaoke, and we always have a great time. The people that go to Brigett's are fun, and this is some of the best non-judgmental karaoke I've ever been to. Whether you are singing country, metal or bustin-out some whitney houston, people sing along and have fun with it.Also, good food. Seriously, i know you are a bar, so bravo! I love the white-boy burrito, and the chicken tenders. I even ventured out and got a breakfast combo one night (i know, right?) and guess what.... it was good too!From the outside, it definitely looks like a biker bar, but don't let that scare you from coming in. The energy is good, the beer is good (and cheap) and the food is good. Definitely one of my favorite hang-outs. :)
5	Fun place, great karaoke and awesome servers. Can't forget the tasty tacos!
5	Fortunately right now, we live close to Bridgette's!  I love going on a fri or sat night! Constant flow of different customers and they all leave happy! I'm personally in love with the southwest chicken Philly! Think it's the only thing I've ordered in 3 years! The girls that work there have been there forever! Shannna is the best!, she's so sweet!Long story short, we love this place!!
4	Awesome tacos, but I wish they still came one at a time. I wouldn't be upset if they had pizza too... Nice variety of beers on tap, karaoeke isn't as good as it used to be but is still entertaining and free. Cheap. All in all, I'm glad it's my neighborhood bar.
4	Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon with some friends for a cold one, and it turned out to we stayed for hours. Great table service for a afternoon stop. Good place for friends and conversation.
4	A group of us came here last week for a birthday party.  It was an excellent place to bring someone for their first time singing karaoke!   It had a very chill atmosphere and everyone was friendly.
5	I got a chance to come back in May 2012. It was still a wonderful bar! I wanted to stay all night, but my friend & I only stayed for 1 hour. Shucks! But I did enjoy myself. Even just sitting there, drinking, & talking is still fun to do there. I hope this place stays around forever!! Love it. The best...
1	I really don't know what people see in this place. One thing, it does have that old crusty bar feel. We went as a group for drinks and food. The initial drink service was pretty quick and the experience diminished from there. I ordered one of the starred items off the menu, the Reuben. Three words best describe the sandwich ... greasy and tough! Another person at the table ordered chicken fingers, they were so dry she only ate half of one. The last person at our table had a cheese quesadilla, it was cold and looked like it had been microwaved.  The astonishing thing, the waitress actually pocketed my change from my food order.  They do like their regulars though and seem to treat them well. I can't say I would recommend going unless you are dying to find a karaoke bar.  I know I won't be going back any time soon. Actually, the sandwich I ate didn't sit very well with me either.
4	This place is a good dive bar with a entertaining, supportive, and engaging karaoke crowd.  The karaoke DJ, Papa T, is a character in and among himself.  While the song books may be a little tattered, you can see the full song selection online.  The food is a hit or miss.  I come here for trivia and karaoke and generally skip the food, but that's ok.  They do serve breakfast all day.  They offer giant mugs of good craft beer for $5.
4	Place always looked kinda scary. My wife and I went in on Thursday night and were pretty surprised. Ordered the sampler platter and the bar tender brought us each one which was weird. We were going to send the 2nd one back, but liked it so much we decided to just bring it home, plus the price was good. Beer was extremely cold, well poured drinks. The bar tender seemed a little cold at first, but by the end of our stay she was very friendly and the service was great. Albeit we mostly like sports bars, we will definitely be back and it beats anything in the area.
5	My wife and I went there on Saturday night.  We had good food at reasonable prices.  The atmosphere was a good mixed crowd on average from 25-45, clean cut to lots of tattoos.  Not too much of a biker bar, like  some say.  I would definitely go back. Lots of couples, and groups of women having fun.
1	Ok, we must have been drunk our first time there. We went back 2 more times and it was not good. The last time we were there we ordered the sampler platter that we loved the first time. The chicken was pink inside, and not slightly pink. My wife was in a panic that she'd be sick. The clientele all know each other, and you're either a regular or not, and if not, they're not friendly.
4	First off Bridgett's seemed clean and safe. Overall this is about as traditional as a neighborhood dive bar gets. They have several well maintained pool tables, a, horseshoe-shaped bar, a dozen bar tables, and on the Monday night that we visited - Karaoke. Drinks are cheap too: $4.50 fireballs...
2	I have been here 4 different times. The first time I went I thought it was a decent place which is why I returned. Each visit after the first proved to be worse than the time before. The last time I went, which was about a month ago, my roommate and I went to celebrate her birthday with a drink. The bartender completely ignored us for the first almost 10 minutes we were there. She made eye contact with us when we walked in and just resumed her conversation with the person she was talking to (the said person was not ordering anything). Finally after waiting she did come over and take our order. The temperature in the bar was really uncomfortably warm, especially for it being Phoenix in May. The bathrooms are sooo tiny and claustrophobically small and they don't have real doors on the stalls.I honestly can say I will not be returning to this place...
4	Brigett's is a biker bar yet welcomes people from all walks of life.  I hadn't been in a while but stopped in last night with my mom to have dinner and play trivia.  Their menu has changed slightly and definitely for the better!  I had the fish tacos and they were fantastic.  They were topped with a tasty spicy mayo and fresh veggies as well as homemade guac on the side. 2 for $6.  My mom had french toast and eggs (they serve breakfast all day) and I just had to sneak a bite because the FT smelled so good!  They have several Mexican inspired dishes on their menu as well as burgers, sandwiches and salads.We arrived too late to take advantage of their fantastic happy hour (drinks starting at $2!) but will definitely be back for it!For those who enjoy Karaoke, they have it most (if not all?) nights of the week starting at 9:30 or so.  They also have plenty of televisions, 2 pool tables and video games (I believe I saw Goldentee) a horseshoe bar with about 20 stools and about 15 hightop tables that are easily pushed together to accomodate larger groups.
4	It's a tuesday afternoon, looking for some drinks and grub saw this place on yelp thought we'd try it out. Great Taco's I had the carne asada...delicious fresh made to order. Hubby had beef sliders and wings both were good/average for bar food. Brittany our bartender was sweet and very quick to respond to any need we had:)  I actually asked her if she worked on every tuesday.  We will be going back for sure:)
5	My husband and I enjoy going to this bar.We have gone many times and we pretty much always get the same thing.  TACO'S and BUD LIGHT.We have gone here for many years and we always have good food, good beer, and great service.  We have taken others here and they seem to like it too.I would like to come here on a night where they have something going on, as long as I have a DD!!  :-)Thanks Bridgett for the great place to go for some good & inexpensive drinks and food!!!
3	Some coworkers and I ended up here after the team trivia location we were going to go to ended up getting rescheduled (woops!). I have heard of Brigett's but this was my first time there. It is divey but I felt comfortable parking out front and heading in by myself. I found my group and had a seat, and the server was very nice and attentive throughout the night. It is a ways away from home so I can't say I'll be running back, but the crowd inside (on a Thurs night) was chill and I had a good time.
4	Went in with a couple of friends for some food and drink on a Monday night. The place was fairly dead, and karaoke was just getting started. The bartender/server had a good attitude, and once the music started we asked if we could move to the back, which was no problem. I had the California Burger which, while there was nothing really outstanding about it, was actually quite good. They had a slightly above average beer selection for this kind of place. Would come here again if in the area and looking to chill out, but would probably not go out of my way for it.
1	I wouldn't even give it one star if I didn't have to, I've gone to Bridgette's a few times. I had a good time the first night, but, noticed nobody in my party got to sing more than once. (I think it was a fluke that we sang at all) The second time wasn't even as great, we had friends from out of town with us that wanted to sing and some people in our party didn't get to sing at all. The last time I was there I was with a friend that's gay and he was treated like dirt in the bar. It's not a great neighborhood bar, it's a horrible place for karaoke (unless you're one of the karaoke dj's special friends), they aren't accepting of all types of people, and I had terrible service the last 2 times I went. I tried to give the place a chance, but, it's just not a good bar.
4	I Love this place! Its around the corner from my house and reminds me of the dive bars in San Diego. Their happy hour is really cheap and they do karaoke every night, which my roommate loves. I could pass on that part.they also do trivia night and play every major league game usually. definitely a spot to check out if you're in the area. Good for after dinner drinks, or as a meeting spot after work.The people that come here are all very social and everyone seems down to earth. Their sliders are good but a little on the greasy side (buns covered in oil), but their tacos are to die for.They have two pool tables and video game machines, so you don't have to just sit around and drink, except that's what I like to do. Hahhaa will definitely be back.
1	I went on Monday to go to a Karaoke bar, but there wasn't any Karaoke going on, there website says it goes on every night. It took 10 years for anyone to take my order, and when I asked what was good to eat I got a, It's all good, response. How does that make it easy to decide what to order? Then I spent another few hours waiting for the check. The food was good, but it's just like any other food. Nothing special about it. I really felt like an outsider coming to this place. Not very welcoming. Maybe I should have gone on a busier night when the staff actually would want to work.
4	This place is what it proclaims - a five star dive bar. I came to Brigett's for one reason - karaoke. And this place offers it every night of the week!The first night I showed up, I was with three friends. All of whom had to leave early for work the next morning, but I wasn't ready to stop singing. Less than three songs after my group had left, Papa T (the karaoke DJ) advised me that no one sat all by themselves at Brigett's and invited me to a table filled with other karaokers. They were all super nice, very friendly and open, and genuinely seemed like they wanted to get to know me better. Due to Papa T's insistence I not sit alone, I've made several friends through karaoke. A nice thing for someone who just moved here from the Midwest and doesn't know anyone.Beer and food. The bar offers a kitchen with the usual bar foods. They are decently priced, good portions, and above-average bar quality meals. The kitchen is open late, even on weekdays, to accomodate the hungry, late-night crowd. Beer prices are reasonable, as are shots. I haven't had mixed drinks so I can't comment on their price or quality.TVs are offered, even during karaoke, although they are left to captioning at that point. There are four pool tables and a dart machine. If you're not interested in being part of the main floor, karaoke crowd, there is a second room to the back that houses two  of the pool tables and the dart machine.Brigett's also offers several other types of entertainment BEFORE karaoke hours - such as comedy and team trivia. Happy Hour pricing and quantity is unbeatable really.I regularly go to this place - for food, beer, and karaoke.
4	Stopped in here because a friend wanted to sing a song.  I pull into the parking lot and think to myself what is this place? There was a large group of people gathered in the front smoking. Opening the door and glancing around I realize I realize that this bar reminds me of all the hole in the wall bars I went to with my pops as a child and I loved it. Stepping inside the bar is just inches away from the door. The lighting is dim. There is a pair of pool tables in the back, lots of bar tables to sit, and the bathroom uses shower curtains for doors.  The servers are friendly and talk to you like they've known you your whole life.  Yep I found it, one of the most awesome dive bars in town.  They have a few nights of trivia and every night is karoake night.  I have to admit that it's the first karoake place I've been where only the rare few weren't awesome singers. The drinks were very reasonably priced, just don't ask for an old fashioned no bitters at this place.  Everyone had a lot of fun. My friend rocked the house with her rendition if Paradise City.  Next time I'd like to try some of the bar food. Looking forward to my next rendezvous with this little bar.
1	The karaoke host terry is the best but the girl karaoke host I'm not sure what her name is but she's more interested in putting her friends on before other patrons that have been going the bar for years hopefully she'll get replaced or realize that she needs to make the regular's a priority as well I always have a good time here but she makes me want to go somewhere else and come back when terry is there.
5	Since I last posted my review, we have been coming here on Friday nights for Trivia.  Our waitress is very nice and we never have empty glasses.  It is almost a dive bar, but not quite.  They have pool tables and other games also.  I like the crowd.  Lots of different types of people here just needing to unwind and have fun.
1	The karaoke host that is a short white bald guy sux!!!!!!He totally put a pillow so to speak on me and my husbands microphonesI have been coming here for years and all of a sudden this ridiculous karaoke hits shows up and ruins my entire experience! Even the other girl host says no one likes him and we for sure hate him
4	So pleasantly surprised about this place! I have lived nearby for years and heard about it from friends but never been in. I really missed out!So far we have only been in for happy hour, which has some amazing deals. Wells and beers are dirt cheap. So are appetizers. I ordered the tortilla flat which is gigantic and only a few bucks during HH. It is loaded with green chilis which give it a lot of flavor and zip. The salsa that accompanies it is home made and very fresh and tasty. The guacamole is kind of gross. It's that fake, strangely colored guac. Just skip it. My husband loves their wings and onion rings. Service is prompt and friendly. The background music is a little too loud... I know its a bar and all but I can barely have a conversation. I understand it is a prime spot for karaoke. Unfortunately, I hate karaoke so I will be sure to leave before it starts up. :)
4	First few times I wasn't sure about this place. Now it's growing on me! After 9:00 you'll be carded, don't lose your ID, even if you are 40 something and look 20. Friendly waitresses, better than average bar food! You'll find a lot of regulars here. Karaoke erry night.Fuck the women's restroom. Only 1 stall is usable if you weigh over 98 lbs. shower curtains = bathroom doors in this joint. Prepare to be walked in on. Lots of bar space, a few pool tables, an area to sing. Will be back. :))
1	Well let's just start off by saying.. I don't drink I am just the dedicated driver. First bar I've been to that doesn't offer their DD's free sodas. With out the DD's there wouldn't be the drinkers. So that's a bad business move.  So on to the karaoke, the top hat guy plays the favorite game. That to is a bad business move. I was here with a party of about 25 drinking people.  Celebrating 2 birthday's and they came from all over the valley.  Had nothing but good things to say about this place but not no more. The group got their request in as soon as the karaoke got started. Well none of them have been called up to take the mic as of 2 hours into this. None are to pleased and now are leaving. Sounds like a big loss of money to the bar because they are taking their business elsewhere.
1	Well let's just start off by saying.. I don't drink I am just the dedicated driver. First bar I've been to that doesn't offer their DD's free sodas. With out the DD's there wouldn't be the drinkers. So that's a bad business move.  So on to the karaoke, the top hat guy plays the favorite game. That to is a bad business move. I was here with a party of about 25 drinking people.  Celebrating 2 birthday's and they came from all over the valley.  Had nothing but good things to say about this place but not no more. The group got their request in as soon as the karaoke got started. Well none of them have been called up to take the mic as of 2 hours into this. None are to pleased and now are leaving. Sounds like a big loss of money to the bar because they are taking their business elsewhere.
1	My friends and I came here on Saturday and I was really excited about it because I hadn't been to Bridgette's in so long. The night started off really well! My drinks were good, the nachos were to die for, and the karaoke was really getting going. My favorite song was being sung and I (stupidly) stood up on my chair (we do this at another karaoke bar that we frequently visit so it's a bad habit) and I was quickly told to sit down (in a very polite manner) by the manager. Naturally I sat down right away and apologized. I know she was just concerned about my safety. I had been sitting down for not even twenty seconds and I had one of my feet tucked under my bottom (I would like to stress that my bottom was still ON the chair) when another waitress named Mercedes came over pointing at me and said "sit your ASS on the chair." I was kind of taken aback. I was thinking "did I hear that right? Is this real life?" I've had interesting experiences in restaurants before but this one takes the cake. I've never witnessed anything so unprofessional in my life. She eventually came over and apologized but it was kind of forced and unauthentic. She then started talking about my friends and I in a negative manner to some friends she had there while she was still working and we were still in the building. I won't ever be back. I was really upset and, even more so, embarrassed. It ruined my whole night despite my best efforts to continue having a good time. A friend of mine was talking about wanting to have her bachelorette party there but after I told her this story she agreed that we won't be doing that.
5	Came in for a karaoke night and they were trying out a new Chocolate Martini. Best thing ever. Not sure if they will keep it on the menu thou. The karaoke was awesome too. The people there can sing.
5	Cold beer,  friendly bartender, good food, all in a dive bar setting. Jenna, our tender, works thu, Fri sat nites. Does great job. Never had a bad meal here.
1	They over serve.
4	If you're looking for a good dive bar, this place is for you. Staff is friendly and drinks are reasonably priced.
4	Great, casual dive bar! Affordable drinks and awesome food. The tacos and pulled pork sliders are amazing! Service can be hit or miss, but mostly it's good.
5	Had steak and eggs here on Sunday morning. Delicious dive bar food. Loved it. Waitress was a little dingy, but service was still good. :)) im heading back soon to try the tacos.
5	My wife & I love this place !  It my be the best place in PHX for taco's no lie !!  Tue is the nite to go !
5	I love this place!  Great for groups I love hanging out with friends and sometimes co-workers. They have pool tables, karaoke, great drinks and AWSOME people, with the exception on a couple of grouchy old guys that sometimes after you sing tell you that "You sing horrible" or "You suck" but other than that a GREAT Bar, haven't tried their food but they also offer food.
4	5 Star Dive bar is right! If you're into Karaoke, this is your new local spot for sure. Reasonable drink prices and they have my Hunting Video Game! 5blks from the new house! I'd go back!
3	The bar itself was great. Service as well.  Food was surprisingly nice also.  Bartenders were attentive and friendly. The problem was the karaoke. Which is what we drove across town for.  I am presently looking for a fun venue for a large fundraiser for our company.   As a former kj, i can tell you that there is certain etiquette you should always observe.  Keep rotation fair and spaced out; even if they are your regulars (I observed the same girl do a back to back duet/solo and she was not even leaving).  You also need to pay attention to when your singer is ending and not stand there bs'ing with your regulars.  Especially in a noisy busy venue.  The KJs job is to lead the crowd for every singer who is brave enough to get up there.   Finally... The system itself is outdated.  Not enough speakers and poorly placed.  Get a better sound system, train the KJ to be courteous and this place would really be 5 stars.
1	Worst. Fucking. Place. EVER.Walked in with a Romo jersey after the Cowboys won, the bartender yelled at his buddies at the bar Homo. AMERICA, the.land of the free.
1	Won't go back, local vibe, bad music, slow service
3	I came to the bar because a buddy of mine wanted to get the old karaoke crew back together and heard they do karaoke here.  The bar itself is a typical dive bar.  Dark and full of beer signs and tv's.  The a/c could use a little work.  It was definitely a little warm inside.  I ordered the bbq pork sliders.  They came out quite fast and tasted great.  Very soft slider buns and the pork was very juicy. The karaoke was a little different of a story.  The host seemed very nice but her rotation style is a little out of whack.  I put all my songs in at 9pm when it started and by 1230am I had sang one solo and once with a friend on a duet.  The regulars who are buddy buddy with the host all seemed to sing multiple times and much sooner than myself.   I normally don't like to bitch to a karaoke host as I've done it myself for years and know what it's like to have an annoyed customer come up to you.  I just didn't think the rotation felt balanced. After I ended up staying until 2am and got a total of 2 songs in those 5 hours I was there.  As far as bars go this place was great.  As far as a karaoke destination this place was lacking a little bit.  Not sure if I would go back here.
5	Bridgetts has the best food, great trivia hosts and awesome waitresses (make sure you get Mercedes).  The best dive bar in north Phoenix for sure!!!!!!
