5	Holy shit!  CUTE WAITER.  We found this place off the beaten path near the Legacy Resort and Spa where we stayed last night and if you're ever in the Tempe area, this is definitely a nice five star place prepped to impress...  and the help is HOT.  It's a wine bar and restaurant that is set up in a beautiful converted home space that still has it's homeyness intact to the tea!  Good wine, but for a wine bar, a little sparing...  We had fun!   There was live music, great lighting, did I mention the hot waiter?, and an overall nice atmosphere (ie, hot waiter)!    The menu looked spectacular, but as you've probably figured out by  now, I was there for the vino and the view.
5	I love this restaurant.  If you consider yourself a gourmand, one who seeks the best in life, one who searches for innovative cuisine, or just a lover of real food, you will appreciate Quiessence.  Check out their website (or call) to get a sense of the menu.They make a magical Valentine's Day dinner (and will do it on the 13th, if you like the idea but not the extreme madness in going out for that evening).  I kept my menu and will stare at it longingly forever.  We did the wine pairing with each course, mmmmmm.  I just don't have the time and money at this point in my life to do that kind of work, so taking advantage of someone else's tastes (as long as they are excellent) is a beautiful thing to me.  Fresh ingredients - local ones where possible - and damn good ones.  Wonderful wait staff, with whom to discuss your gastronomic experience.  Setting: lovely South Mountain farm with pecan trees, which includes Maya's Farm (produce are sold at the Downtown Public Market on Saturdays) and a brunch and lunch restaurant (all 3 are in separate areas/buildings).  Quiessence is pricey but definitely worth it.  Take someone who will appreciate it.Update, 9 September 2007: We went here for our anniversary dinner...mmm.  Just as awesome as ever.  I felt compelled to add a few things so people wouldn't be shocked when going there:- Portion sizes are fairly small, so that you can choose one of each course.  I'm sure that makes the prices (which you can find on the website under the menu) all the more shocking to some people.  To me, it's totally worth it.- This restaurant is a good way to impress other people.  Maybe your taste buds are poor, but you are rich - you should still take people here :)  - Staff tip: amazing pears from Aravaipa Farms, which has a bed & breakfast, only about 2.5 hrs drive from Phoenix (on the way to Globe) but with a different microclimate, http://www.aravaipafarms.com/Update, May 2008:  we went again for a celebratory dinner and got the brick oven table.  I'm still so thrilled this place exists and that I can support it when my budget allows.  The brick oven table with the wine pairings is a spendy (nearly $400 for the 2 of us) but worthwhile experience.  The menu for the evening is personalized to your tastes.  In the last year, we found out one of us has a wheat allergy, and one of us has a corn allergy.  Those were some new things to accommodate, and we mentioned that when making reservations expecting it to be accommodated.  We had 8 courses and 9 glasses of wine each, over the course of 5.5 hours.  There was ample time to rest and relax in between courses, and we were stuffed when we left (but  not unpleasantly so).  You're really in your own little private world at the brick oven table...far enough from the noises of other diners to enhance your experience.  Dustin was our server for the evening, and we enjoyed all the info he shared about the ingredients in the food and the wines.  Some of the wine pairings were extraordinary with the food.  Some were surprising (one that tasted like its Spanish coastal terroir, served with shellfish).  There were a few things that disappointed me, though.  Our allergies were forgotten a few times, though when that happened, replacement food was brought out promptly.  For the most part, our allergies were attended to well.  However, dessert sort of ruined things.  We were initially brought a selection of lovely cake-like and crust-laden desserts.  I mentioned the wheat.  They were replaced with two citrus sorbets, one grapefruit, one lemon, and lemon creme brulees.  This was served with tawny port.  No no no!  All that sour citrus...and port??  I let them know that didn't work at all.  Surely something could have been made - a flourless chocolate cake, perhaps?  The lemon creme brulee on its own would have been fine, but with all of that mouth-puckering sorbet...I still love the place, I'm still glad it exists, the service is superior, and I love the use of wonderful-tasting, fresh, local ingredients, but that dessert didn't work.  Thank goodness for the other 7 courses (including a whole fish we picked clean...in addition to our meat course).In spite of the poor dessert choices this time around, I'm convinced that people who think their food is "overpriced" or "overrated" have poor palates and probably rarely venture outside of chain restaurants, where the food is laden with corn syrup, MSG, and other fake flavors.  Every main course I've had there was outstanding.
4	Quiessence is, simply put, beautiful.  Full windows and earthy wooden walls give a feeling of warmth inside this restaurant perched in the middle of a farm.  The restaurant seemed fairly full even on a Tuesday evening; we had secured reservations just a couple days before.My friend and I had sampled sandwiches at the Farm Kitchen earlier that week, and were impressed enough to want to eat at the restaurant.  The crisp, fresh veggies didn't disappoint: we ordered the salad with orange and grapefruit slices and the crudites to start.  Both were very good; I didn't even know how much I liked raw radishes and turnips until I tried them with their pesto and aioli sauces.For entrees, I ordered the lamb and my friend ordered the pork shoulder.  Service started out very good, but trailed off quickly.  Waiting for our food took a very long time (a couple seated after us received and finished their entrees before we received our's), and no one bothered to explain the situation until the maitre'd apologized almost 45 minutes later.  Apparently the chef was unhappy with the sauce on my entree, so he started anew.  This isn't really a problem, but they should have communicated this to us earlier.  For our troubles, they comped me the glass of wine I ordered, but they forgot to bring out with my entree  as I had requested.  Also, they didn't offer us bread, but I will echo the lady who whispered this to us on her way out: ask for the bread.  We received warm foccacia, apple walnut, and pomegranate slices of wonder with honey and butter.  YUM.The entrees were both solid, but didn't quite live up to the innovation and freshness of the vegetables.  My lamb's sauce was delicious, but the meat was tough.  Maybe the vegetarian entrees are the way to go?  But our dessert, the gingerbread pear cake, was yet another winner.If the entrees were tad more inspired, or the service weren't so spotty, this place definitely would have warranted five stars.  If I return, I'd like to try the 75$ tasting menu.  Our bill came out to about 100$ for two people, including tip, no drinks.
2	Disappointing is the key word.  5 stars for ambiance and location.Service was good, food was overpriced and overrated.We had there cheapest red wine and split an appetizer, salad and pasta dish, then each had a main course (fish and lamb), no desert.$170 is a bit high for what we got.  The salad, appetizer and pasta were all very good but the main courses were not outstanding by any definition.We had great hopes from what we had heard but won't be back.The original chef has his own restaurant in Anthem called Madelyn's.  It is a Bistro and is very good and reasonably priced including some $20 wines.  Try it instead.
4	I worked at Quiessence for a short time so I know it well. I am friends with the GM, Dustin, as well as the Chef, Greg LePrad.The place is a cultural gem in Phoenix, and is the ultimate place to take Out-of-Towners to show them that Phoenix is not all strip mall dives and fast food chains.Quiessence follows the "Slow Food" way as a philosophy and Greg and Dustin utilize the local produce from Maya's Farm to create delicious and simple rustic new American fare. Do not expect seeing Scottsdale waifs with big racks drinking red bull  and vodka here. The only chicks your going to see are baby Guineafowl scratching for bugs outside your urban farm window. This place is organic, natural, and relaxed.Chef - Icon, Alain Ducasse wrote in his 2000 book, Harvesting Excellence, he wrote that the Farm at South Mountain as "Eden-like." Adam...Eve...return to the garden as the Guineahen will keep the serpent at bay.
4	If you're searching for foodie hidden treasure in Phoenix, turn your back on the strip malls. You need look no further than Quiessence, "A Garden to Table Experience." As the BF pointed out, "This is what Binkley's should aspire to be."The philosophy of the restaurant centers around local and seasonal ingredients. Quiessence is a showcase for local growers such as McClendon's. The provenance of nearly every ingredient is noted with strong connections to Arizona. Chef Greg LaPrad's food is not only local, seasonal, sustainable and responsible, it's also delicious.  This is the kind of place that does Alice Waters proud.Since Quiessence depends upon the best seasonal ingredients, the menu changes nightly. The BF and I had the six-course tasting menu. The portion sizes were perfect and the wine pairings were good.Amuse Bouche:  As it should be, we were given a bite of apricot stuffed with local cheese and kissed by mint that left us wanting more.Course 1: "The Chef's Spread," a tasting of housemade salumi, terrines and cheese. It's nice to know the Quiessence Charcuterie and Salumi program grew out of the desire to use every bit of the animals purchased for the restaurant. The accompanying housemade carrot, zucchini and yellow squash pickles were delightful.Course 2: Chilled salad of cantaloupe, Armenian Cucumber, tomato and housemade croutons in a yogurt and dill dressing. It's rare that I call a salad course fabulous. The BF and I are going to shamelessly steal the idea and replicate it for our next dinner party.Course 3: Housemade gnocchi with pork ragut. My family on both sides traces its roots back to Italy, so I am picky with Italian food. Sous chef Anthony Andiario's handmade cheese-infused gnocchi were spectacular and the ragout was perfect. The bowl had been properly warmed to keep the dish at temperature while I luxuriated in it. Our server initially forgot to bring us the wine for this course, but it arrived about halfway through. Course 4: Fried soft shell crab with zucchini. Neither the BF nor I like soft shell crab. However, this version was so perfectly prepared that we both savored every bite. The zucchini in a savory sauce was a perfect contrast to the seafood.Course 5: Pork tenderloin with bean and mustard "gruel." The pork was tasty and tender, but it was served fully pink in the center. We were fine with this, but some diners may not be as open-minded to rare pork. I liked the side dish, but the BF did not because it contained beans. The "gruel" was mondo ugly on the plate. Speaking of the plate, the tasting version came on a really awkward piece of china that curved up on one side to form a well for the gruel and then back down on the other side to create a small area for the pork slices. The plate felt crowded.Up to this point, dinner was utterly sublime and Quiessence was on its way to a perfect five star rating.  But then, alas, a star was lost with dessert.Course 6: Sampling of cheesecake, pink grapefruit sorbet and chocolate "torte" with peach ice cream. These were classic "chef's desserts;" a cook made them but not someone with pastry skills. Chef Greg, please get yourself a pastry chef. With the access that your restaurant has to the freshest ingredients, your desserts should be a revelation. The best item was the pink grapefruit sorbet. It was tangy and refreshing and would have made a great intermezzo. The citrus zest cheesecake was okay, but a bit dense. The peach ice cream was fine. The chocolate "torte," however, was an abomination. The BF theorizes the cake fell as it was grainy and lumpy. At first, I thought it was either supposed to be cheesecake or some sort of chocolate bread pudding. I confirmed with the server it was a "torte." I cannot believe the kitchen allowed that mess to be served and it went back virtually untouched. The sad part is that was our final impression of the restaurant. Dessert cannot be an afterthought or lazy. The wine for this course was tawny and it did not complement the citrus flavors.  Putting the huge disappointment of dessert course aside, Quiessence was wonderful. We'll be back as this place would be a perfect showcase for guests or a special occasion. Next time we'll try the Brick Oven Table. It's a magical table outside in its own little cabana wrapped with mini white lights. It features an improvisational $95 pp eight-course meal that the chef and sous chef prepare for two to six people.Quiessence features a relaxed atmosphere. The interior is neutral and many of the decorative items appear to be from Marshall's. The environment is pleasant enough and does not distract from the food, which is the real star of the show.Your AMEX had best be prepared for a workout. The tab for the BF and I came to just over $310 with tax and tip. That included the $75 pp six-course tasting menu and the $40 pp wine pairings.Please note that Quiessence is closed for the month of July.
1	This place was so disappointing!  Everyone I know had such wonderful things to say about this place but my experience there was nothing short of disappointing.  We got there and from the front it looks like this cute, charming farm house but step inside and behind the wall where the three outside tables are and you have a huge room that lacks any luster.  Where to start on what went wrong...the server had zero personality and verged on rude, the salad was inedible (how can a salad be inedible?), entries took forever to come out and when they did there was nothing to it.  I ordered a baked chicken dish that was so not impressive.  Our side order of greens was overcooked and saturated in oil. And they only serve coffee by the pot not by the glass... who does that?   And to add insult to injury we had an enormous bill!  The upside... The bread was good.  Maybe they were having an off night or training a new chief but I would be reluctant to go back to this restaurant.
1	Over priced.. over seasoned.. slow service. That about sums Quiessence up. While the grounds are sort of romantic (think plant nursery meets your mom's backyard) its not charming enough to make up for the boring menu. While I can appreciate where they are coming from, "Slow" food does not mean that you have to wait for the food to grow while you sit there at the dining table.
5	This is the best restaurant I've eaten at in the Phoenix area. It was unfortunately cold and rainy when we went in May, so we sat inside; a great treat was the local blues guitarist who was playing that night. However, the food was the real treat. We ordered the cheese and cured meat plate to start; the cheese was good, but I would skip the cured meats, which were some head cheeses and kind of weird other gross-ish meats (even my boyfriend who is into cured meats would tell you to pass). Everything else we ordered was superb; a house-made ravioli, a scallop special with peaches and greens, and especially the vegetables of the day, 2 dishes where the chef prepares seasonal vegetables to fit his mood. We also had dessert, a peach cobbler that was delicious. The waiter was knowledgeable and all his suggestions were right on the money. Yes, the prices are higher than you  might expect, but the flavor you get out of fresher local ingredients is worth it. This is where I'll be taking my parents when they next come to town.
3	It was okay.They gave us complimentary cheese dip.  It was Delicious!However, as some others said, it was very slow service.  We waited 5 minutes to conform my drink was not chilled.  During that time, they didn't serve us any water I order the day-boat special, and it was under-cooked.  I hoped it was Sashimi grade, because center was raw.  And side vegetable were salt.It was very nice restaurant, but they could be better.
4	We waited three years to try Quiessence .Our first visit took place in early September to celebrate our 7 year wedding anniversary.  The previous year we celebrated at the celebrated 5-star restaurant "Marie Elaine's" at the Phoenician (which I think has since closed and turned into a different kind of restaurant).   It is to this that I'm comparing the experience.The housing is small and intimate and even so, I didn't feel crowded. (I'm imagining folks who have read my other reviews rolling their eyes and saying "yes yes, we know you have space "issues.")Here's what I loved best about the place: The food was wonderfully normal yet interesting (read: unpretentious -- no venison stew cooked over leaks and served in a copper pan.) The wait staff was knowledgeable and friendly (read: they weren't in tuxedo's with attitudes); and the atmosphere was relaxed (read: There was a live blues guitarist - no elevator music; you can dress up or down; and the food was well timed and not rushed).I've heard that people complain that Quiessence is too expensive for the experience.  I say PHOOEY!   The food is fresh and organic.  The food selection is interesting and unique.  And the experience is special (read: NOT Scottsdale).   This place is off the beaten path and I'm sorry we waited three years to experience it.  Mea Culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa.
2	Hugely disappointing.   I had wanted to try this restaurant for a long time but it did not come close to meeting my expectations.   I disagree with the reviewer who said this is what Binkleys should aspire to be.   The surprise Brick Oven tasting menu appeared to be everything they needed to use up.  Shellfish followed by more shellfish followed by fish.  Nothing creative that you could say wow that was worth paying $385 for 2. What I was hoping for was a unique, creative tasting menu, artfully paired with wine in a beautiful outdoor setting.    This is what we got:We arrived a few minutes early and were seated immediately.  We had to sit inside as it was cold and there are no heaters, ok not a problem.  The staff explained we would not be seeing a menu and we would be adventurous..   After 10 minutes a glass of sparkling wine arrived.  We were told this one glass would be the pairing for the first 2 coursesFirst course, 1 oyster on the shell   I dislike oyster so husband ate mine. Home made bread with honey & herb butter.  - nothing specialPlate of salami  - dullBean soup - goodMussels with linguine. - I don't like mussels so I sent mine back and got gnocchi instead which was goodSalmon with potato - okSteak with carrots - meat was not tender3 cheese plate - goat cheese, humbolt fog and ripe camembert   - This was the best thing we had.  Apple crisp and cheesecake -  very disappointing, could have bought better in AJs.French press coffee was ok but the octagonal cups are not comfortable to drink from.The wine pairings were ok but the service was so slow we usually finished the wine before the matching course arrived.  There was no bouche amuse but there was a palette cleanser of fruit sorbet.  The bathroom.  - This was located very close to tables where people were eating and if it was occupied you find yourself standing in the dinners space.  There was an open basket of used hand towels on the floor to add to the ambiance.
4	This is a belated review....We went for New Year's  dinner two years ago and though it was freezing out side the food was amazing. I can't remember the courses but everything was delightful - very unique and local. I used to work nearby and went to the farm often. With a new job I've lost time and am not in the area as much and pretty much forgot about it. It's defintiely a hidden treasure and I plan on making a reservation soon!
5	In terms of both cuisine and ambience, Quiessence is about as good as it gets in Phoenix.  You can enjoy a multi-course tasting menu in a relaxing environment, as opposed to the stiff old-people vibe of other higher end restaurants.  The farm setting is quaint and refreshing - it's almost like stepping out of Phoenix and being on vacation for a brief spell.  As for the food, it won't satisfy your palate if you're used to the typical American cookie-cutter chain with overseasoned, cooked-from-frozen pap.  The food at Quiessence is seasonal, organic, locally sourced, and vibrant...perfect for a cosmopolitan palate.  They have a very specific philosophy in terms of how they do things.  The focus is on quality, which may lead to a slightly more leisurely pace than some are used to, but the wait is by no means long.  It's part of the experience - to spend time with someone whose company you enjoy and just relax in the lovely garden setting while eating wonderfully creative food.  I've had two tasting menus - one of them at the Brick Oven Table - and while the first was excellent, the second time was just sublime.  Apparently, they're opening in the afternoons now for more inexpensive and quicker lunch options.The one area where I would have faulted Quiessence after my first visit was the dessert...it was good enough, but you could tell they needed a specialized pastry chef.  The second time, the dessert had noticeably improved and was up to snuff with the rest of the wonderful meal....we asked, and sure enough, a pastry chef had just joined the team.
4	Had lunch here on a weekend when we didn't want to wait for a table at Morning Glory.  This is definitely "slow" food so be warned.  Luckily the outdoor seating was beautiful but a bread basket definitely would've helped calm our rumbling stomachs.Farm burger ($14) was one of the best burgers I've had in the Valley - flavorful beef patty with a moist tender interior.  Braised short rib sandwich was a bit bland by comparison.  Locally grown garden veg crudite ($14) was fresh and full of crunchy healthy goodness.
2	Don't give thanks here.It's been a while since I've posted, but for anyone who can't remember,  see my motto above. And I get even more pissed when it's expensive bad food! So imagine my mood when we left Quiessence yesterday having dropped $171 for 2, (including tax & tip), on a meal that  was certainly worse than what I could make at home.I had the Date & Beet Salad, the Turkey entree, and the Apple Crisp for dessert. Served family style were, greens, Sausage & Onion stuffing, Roasted Carrots & Parsnips, Mashed Potatoes, and a bread basket.I'll start from the beginning with the salad which was OK. Not what you'd expect for the price, but acceptable. The turkey was brined in an over salted liquid with something odd added. It was moist, but I still left slices on my plate the flavor was so odd.The stuffing had very little flavor at all & was dry. The sausage added nothing but meat so  that the vegetarians couldn't eat it. The mashed potatoes were also over salted. The carrots & parsnips were severely undercooked. Hard as rocks. Or maybe they were overcooked & dehydrated, since a few of them were mush. The greens were good. All of the side dishes were left over. There were 3 kinds of bread in the basket; a dry foccacia, corn bread, & a soaked, with oil or butter, corn bread. They all seemed like they were from the previous day, & someone had tried to save them.We all had the Apple Crisp with Cranberry Ice Cream for dessert. It was also OK.  The Crisp was good, but needed lemon juice to cut the sweetness. The ice cream was an Iron Chef moment.  Not a good one. I removed as much as I could & poured a little cream, supplied for the coffee, on my crisp. Oh, for some vanilla Hagen-Dazs!We were tired of counting pennies, and thought we'd splurge. We'd all been to Quiessence before, when there was a different chef. It's a lovely location, but not enough to make up for the food. On the day that I usually give thanks for the bounty of life,  I started planning Thanksgiving dinner for next year.
5	I had an amazing dinner tonight at Quiessence.  When we made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything; we were, so when we sat down we were given 3 glasses of complimentary champagne.  We started with a plate of three delicious cheeses.  They have a huge selection of cheeses, probably about 20, and we chose a goat, a smoked gouda and a jack.  All delicious and served with crostini, perfectly melt-in-your-mouth bartlett pears, pecans, honey and quince paste.  Great start.Our next course we shared two salads - an octopus carpaccio and field green salad.  Both good.My main course was AMAZING.  It was heritage turkey with mashed potatoes and carrots.  I ate every bite.  SO flavorful.  My dad had a beef sirloin that was perfectly cooked and delicious with a side of fingerling potatoes.  My mom got swordfish.  It was not cooked properly when it first came out, but they promptly corrected the problem, so i can't fault them for that.The ambience was great including a live but not distracting singer and a warm crackling fireplace.  In addition, I want to give big props to the servers for knowing everything about the food they served.  She knew where the fish was caught, how the beef was raised, what certifications the turkey farm had achieved.  It is great to be able to get those kind of answers with zero attitude when you ask the question.My only reservations would be 1) definitely is "slow" food, maybe a tad too slow but so delicious it was worth it and they said they were short staffed and 2) i'm not sure i buy that their seafood is sustainable.  They served atlantic cod and atlantic swordfish.  My understanding is that both of these fish stocks are pretty severely depleted.  I asked and was told that the fisherman they buy from are committed to sustainable methods, but I'm not sure (personally, for me, at least) that it is possible to sustainably fish a stock that is in danger.All in all though, a fantastic night and i can't wait to return!
1	I was invited here recently for an event. Having never been, I was excited, especially since they feature local AZ wines. While there, I had a fantastic time. Paris James, their musician that night, was outstanding. I'd listen to him play every day for the rest of my life. However, when I left and headed home, everything turned from great to oh-my-god-i-want-to-die agony. So, I will sum up this review with two words: FOOD POISONING!
5	Excellent! I took my girlfriend to Quiessence for her birthday not completely knowing what to expect. It is a quaint old farm house tucked away on the South Mountain Farm, and it oozes charm. My girlfriend and I are both vegetarians and the menu had plenty of options for us. We started with the artisan and farmstead Cheese platter (which you choose three cheeses from a list of about twenty-five) and it comes with candied dates, pecans, and apple slices; this was simply delicious. I continued with the Arizona citrus and romaine salad, topped off with fried shallot slices, and my girlfriend went with the cannellini bean soup; both were amazing. I finished with the farmer's cheese gnocchi with cauliflower, pine nuts, and raisins, and my date had the vegetable palette, which is a selection of that days fresh vegetables. The entire meal was transcendent, and trying to articulate how right everything was and felt is difficult to do. The wine list is extensive and the service is fantastic. Quiessence is pricey, but completely worth it. In a city that sorely lacks upscale dining experiences, Quiessence is a breath of fresh air.
4	the whole dinner thing took about 2 hours........ so come with patience.when i went, i think on a tuesday nite, a gentleman was playing some jazzy songs.  in fact, i think he was singing too!the salad was pretty simple but tasty.my plate was delicious.  grilled berkshire pork tenderloin w/red wine sauce and fingerling potatoes and apples.  mmmmMMMm black pig....... the way it's supposed to be....... xtra fatty delish marbling!the goat cheese cheesecake.......... makes me wanna sing that jenny craig song....... u know..... the one that goes "yummy yummy yummy i got love in my tummy"well..... i think it's the jenny craig song........i understand about the bathroom thing.  it's kinda like intruding on someone's dinner space.  i just hoped that they couldn't hear me peeing.....
4	It was a beautiful morning, slightly chilly still, but it was sunny and I had a sweater on, so I elected to dine in the patio.  I'd already perused through the menu online, and when I saw that the menu had not changed, I knew I'd have the Power Ranches organic beef burger ($14), cooked to medium (was told it would still be pink), with Bravo white cheddar, subbged with plain aioli, Nueske bacon, house made pickles on the side, with house made potato chips with blue cheese fondue.  I decided against having a glass of wine and ordered filtered iced water, instead.Other reviewers weren't kidding- this is slow food, so be prepared to wait!  If I had company, I'd definitely order an appetizer to help stave off hunger pangs- the artisanal cheese (choice of three) with fruits and nuts sounds delicious!  Will have to try this during snacktime (from 2p to 5p), where apps are slightly discounted ($2 off?).Entree arrived-  what a beauty! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LMdUoR00jPxQDWLYRq93FA?select=Y_QK_tR_PdaoNoXdHXyR4g#Y_QK_tR_PdaoNoXdHXyR4g  I immediately had to try a chip!  I did notice that the burger was was not cooked to medium- definitely not slightly reddish, not even slightly pink.  Nevertheless, it was juicy and tender, and just pure delight!  Loved the rustic bread used; the Nueske bacon (thick-cut, and such a treat...  I want to buy some to use at home- does anyone know where I may procure some?  Whole Foods?); and the farm greens and shaved red onion, as well.  Was able to check out the interior on my way to the restroom to wash hands before dining and after... Oh, so charming!  What a great place to dine at while on a retreat here.Hope to visit again very soon!
5	We went here for a special Valentines day dinner and it was PERFECT! About 3 weeks before we started brainstorming ideas for a romantic and delicious spot and came across Quiessence as one of Phoenix's top 5 romantic restaurants so we thought we would look into it. They set up 3 seating tines 5, 7, and 9pm. Both the 7:00 and 9:00 times were full when we called (3 weeks prior) so we figured it would be amazing and took the 5:00 reservation. What I love about Quiessence is that you totally feel like you have left Phoenix/Scottsdale. This is NOT in a strip mall and it does NOT have vallet. We parked and had to walk pretty far to reach the restaurant and actually walked through a wedding reception. When we sat down, we also noticed that the people dining around us all looked like they had real parts (unlike many Scottsdale restaurants) and seemed to be having just as great of a time as we were. Our table was fantastic-nestled in the back corner with a perfect view of the back yard complete with fire places. Our meal was unreal. The Valentine menu included 4 courses all of which were decedent. We went with the wine pairing for each course and couldn't have made a better choice. I had an unbelievable salad with blood oranges and pistachio nuts dressed with a light vinaigrette. The combination of flavors and textures was so well thought, I could have had another serving and been happy forever. For my entree I enjoyed scallops served with pearl onions served over risotto. Once again the flavors were surreal. Our dessert was adorable and served on a large wooden block. We each had mini cups of hot chocolate with chocolate chip cookies, lemon bars and a variety of truffles. I couldn't have picked a better place to enjoy a romantic meal with my special valentine.  Great job Quiessence!  I cannot wait to return
5	Spent an amazing night at Quiessence for our third wedding anniversary. Immediately upon arrival we were treated like royalty! The service was friendly and prompt. The food was incredible - the focus on fresh, local ingredients is truly unparalleled. We enjoyed local wine (Keeling Schaefer Syrah, Pillsbury Wine Co Roan Red) throughout the meal.Starting off with homemade (of course!) bread with herb butter and honey was great to stave off our hunger! Then the amuse of heirloom cauliflower was really tasty - perfectly cooked al dente, lightly fried, and served with a citrus aioli. You can't miss the Chef's Spread if you visit Quiessence. It's a platter of housemade salumis and domestic cheese.  I've had this a few times and it never disappoints. The spicy Coppa and pork rillette was my favorite off the platter, but truly, the entire plate is something special. We enjoyed the recommended citrus salad that included Arizona citrus with golden beets, sunflower seeds, shaved red onion and a creamy sherry vinaigrette. It served as a palate cleanser for the next course.Our next course included the Rainbow Valley Farmer's cheese gnocchi with sausage and apple. This was so good that my husband didn't want to share. There was enough of everything so that you could enjoy a bite that included the gnocchi, apple and sausage - a perfect combination of flavors.  While my husband was scarfing down the gnocchi, I enjoyed the Blue Hill bay mussels with white wine, cream, tarragon, shaved fennel and garlic. We were told that the mussels were cultivated so they would have less brine but would be just as flavorful - she wasn't kidding. These were big fat tender morsels and the grilled homemade ciabatta bread was so good dunked in the sauce. Normally my husband and I will choose two different entrees so that we can sample more items on the menu, however when the server discussed the braised elk, we knew that neither of us would want to share.  By this point, though, we could've easily shared one order of the elk because I was stuffed!  The elk though was so tender, it truly almost melted when the fork touched it. Luckily we were able to enjoy the leftovers the next day.  And the butternut "mash" accompaniment was the perfect match - Chef La Prad is a master of preparing butternut squash!We had to skip dessert because we didn't have any room left.  It was a great way to spend an anniversary. It's not inexpensive, but if you have the time and the cash, it's completely worth the trip. I've never been disappointed.  It's also such a unique experience that you can't have anywhere else in town.
4	My first Quiessence exposure was as a lucky +1 during a Yelp Elite event. I enjoyed the servers, who demonstrated a knowledge of the menu and its origins. It was tucked away in rural evening simplicity. My second exposure was a quiet dinner for two, and it was extraordinary. Our server, Nicole, was exemplary: timely but not pushy, informative but not excessive. She kept our drinks coming in a nice rhythm and explained the subtle nuances of each dish. Most importantly, she called after we left . . . why, you ask? Because I failed to notice the "gratuity included" note on the bill and added a sizable tip to the total. She wanted to ensure I was aware. I told her to keep it, as she made our night. The cheese selection, especially with the fresh honeycomb, was outstanding. It started us off on the perfect note, and that lovely culinary song continued into fresh, locally-grown salads (mine with seared scallops) and perfectly prepared entrees. Dessert? We had to try it . . . an authentic, hug your southern grandma, bread pudding. My companion for the evening, in his words, "was blown away" by the experience. The walk back to the car, on a crisp evening (btw), makes for a great chance to walk closely. Coy smile.
4	On a trip where I ate at some very nice and upmarket restaurants, I looked back at my notes on Quiessence and found it hard to decide on its Yelp star rating. The quality of the food almost took it down to 3 stars but in the end, their attempt to be really interested and concerned about the provenance of their produce raised it to 4 stars. I felt that I could really taste the difference with the quality of the ingredients used.The restaurant itself has a really rural feel to it despite being minutes from metropolitan Phoenix. The long driveway off the main road seems like a step into another world and the long walk from the car park to the low rise restaurant adds to the distinct impression that you're in the country. The interesting history of the restaurant and its associated projects on the grounds are explained in the menu. There is a changing daily menu and the use of fresh local produce is commendable.Unfortunately, for me personally, it just all felt a little sterile and there wasn't much atmosphere in the place. Unlike some over-posh city establishments, I had expected more of a buzz and hubbub in this quaint restaurant but it was almost the opposite. The staff were efficient enough but lacked the true warmth of natural hosts. There was also the amusing view of them bringing in all the dishes from the kitchen which must have been in another building as they were carrying plates in from outside. This became especially interesting when it started raining.I started with a board of charcuterie and cheese, which was almost the best course as you could taste the top class ingredients in their pure form. I was interested to taste a pluot for the first time, which was a cross between a plum and an apricot.The next course of squash salad was average and not very exciting.Perhaps the worst dish of the evening was cheese pasta with sausage that just had the wrong balance of ingredients. Too heavy for my liking.However, the next course of steelhead with heirloom tomatoes was much better with perfectly cooked fish accompanied by some super sweet mis-shapen (yay!) tomatoes.Unfortunately, this was followed by braised lamb that had unfortunately been over-seasoned.The most spectacular course of the evening was the amazing dessert board. There was melon carpaccio with strawberry, goat's cheesecake, lemon cream, crumb cake, a cookie and truffles.It's a real shame as I had really wanted to like Quiessence before I dined there but the overwhelming feeling as I left was that it could have been so much better.
5	In the middle of the desert, there is an oasis called The farm. rolling green grass, large pecan trees, and wonderful bars, restaurants, walking areas... very peaceful. The atmoshere is perfect, the food is divine, leading to a perfect experience. Weather you are from out of town, or from the valley, you cant die until you visit.
4	Wonderful place - all local food. One of the best chefs in the valley. Pricey, but worth it.
5	This has been one of my pricier dining experiences in the Phoenix, but also the most rewarding.  Where else can you show up to dinner wearing flip flops and shorts (not quite the norm, but acceptable) and try some of the most delicately prepared dishes featuring local produce/meats and paired with a great wine list--and then simply enjoy yourself in a relaxed environment.I'm a huge fan of all the dining concepts at The Farm, but Quiessence clearly stands out as one of my favorite places here or anywhere (and yes, I dine out a lot for work and pleasure).  As a slow food restaurant, Quiessence places a strong emphasis on enjoying each and every part of the a la carte menu.  And the servers are professional and uniquely helpful in offering their advice about the selections.On one visit, I inquired about the local vegetable platter and the server told me she would have to ask the kitchen because each platter is prepared to the chef's choosing on the spot.  Having no allergies or other concerns, I happily told her to forget it.  This is the one restaurant in Phoenix where you should let the chef make as many choices for you as possible.If you have not yet tried Quiessence, I insist that this is the absolute best that Phoenix has to offer right now for an elegant or simply delectable but casual dinner.
5	We were in Phoenix for a few days to get away from the city.  I had been researching places to eat, because that's what we do when we travel.  We figure out what we want to see, what we want to do, and most importantly where we want to eat, from local dives to fine dining and anything in between.  We try to get in a nice meal while away.  This was it for this trip, and I am so glad it was.  I have been thinking about this meal since we dined here October 27th.  Our dining experience was memorable in every sense of the word.  From the drive down the long dirt driveway, opening up into a farming oasis.  Walking up we were greeted with a warm welcome from the hostess.  We were seated in the front room looking out into this awesome setting.  Amazing experience from start to finish.  I suffer from food allergies (mushrooms, egg yolks and walnuts), and Quiessence is one of those rare restaurants that not only accommodates food restrictions, they provide you with stellar options.  They didn't simply remove the allergy from the existing menu selections, they created new dishes for me.  For someone who has suffered with food allergies since childhood, this is an incredibly special gesture, one I will not soon forget.  We enjoyed the Chef's/Farmer's Feast, and it was just that, a huge delicious feast, at a steal for $65 each.  (In SF this would have easily been $100+ per person without wine pairing.)  Our entire experience here was beyond fantastic.  The food was incredible, fresh, local and creative, the portions were large for a multi-course meal, the wine recommendation was perfect (Robert Foley - Griffin), and service was impeccable.  Let's just say this...  during our meal we actually discussed the ridiculous thought of possibly flying in from the SF Bay Area, dining, then flying back the same night.  Yes, while incredibly ridiculous, we were both dead serious.  It was that good.  I cannot wait to return!
4	We ate Thanksgiving dinner at the Q. It was our very first time there so we didn't quite know what to expect.We had heard and read all sorts of rave reviews of the place, but I have to say I was a little surprised by the very rustic surroundings, especially the non-paved parking lot.We chose the 5 p.m. seating. We were greeted very warmly and seated promptly. Unfortunately, our table was close to the bathroom. If we go back, which we will, I would request a different table. We were served with complimentary foccacia bread and carrot bread. The foccacia was good, but the carrot bread was phenomenal. Both were served warm with herb butter.We then ordered a bottle of Cliff Lede sauvignon blanc that we thought was very good.After that, we placed our order. I had the Foraged Mushroom and Chestnut soup. It was excellent, but very rich and filling. My husband and daughter each had a beet and apple salad with cheddar and spring mix. They both thought it was excellent. The salad had both red and golden beets in it.My husband and I both ordered the Turkey entree and our daughter ordered a risotto. The turkey was outstanding! Two huge thick slices coated with a little gravy and cranberry sauce. We actually would have liked more gravy and cranberry sauce. The accompaniments were mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, candied yams and cornbread stuffing. I was actually a bit disappointed with the accompanying dishes. I don't eat candied yams so didn't have any. The creamed spinach had a very runny consistency but was good. The mashed potatoes were good but didn't make much of a statement. The cornbread stuffing had a very mild flavor about it and I couldn't really taste it that much. I actually thought a better accompaniment would have been some roasted brussel sprouts. Just my opinion. Again, more cranberry sauce would have been appreciated and more gravy. That way we could have put some of the gravy on the potatoes.Dessert was pumpkin pie or apple crisp. Our daughter ordered the pumpkin pie. She thought it was good but not memorable. My husband and I each ordered the apple crisp. It was so rich, I couldn't eat mine. Also, I couldn't discern hardly any apples in it. SO, the star of the meal was the turkey!The meal was pricey at $59 per head (not to mention the bottle of wine). Also, we were taken aback that an 18% gratuity was automatically added to the bill. We generally leave a 20% gratuity which we would have done in this instance.Nonetheless, it was a very memorable dining experience and we would definitely go back.
4	I dragged the manfriend here so that we could get a bit of the "country" experience in Phoenix, so this review is based off of only one visit (please keep that in mind!!).It was a bit of a drive from our hotel, but felt like stepping into another world, my perfect dream land of a gentlewoman's farm, where the faint whiff of pony poop does not imply that I will have to clean it up, where the sage and the stars and the dust conspire to make you hungry for a big dinner of country food.  What I most liked about Quiessence was that it was country food the way I would want to live in the country.  Less biscuits and fried stuff, more fruit of the land.+1 Star - Atmosphere.  Its sexy sexy sexy here.  More or less.  The fire pit on the way up the walkway (a walk lined with flowering vines, lush plants and the like) was so inviting.  The dining space was a tad over-lit, and you know how we ladies like our flattering lighting.+ 1 Star - Organized staff.  They had my reservation all squared away and they had saved a nice table for us, even though we were 15 minutes late (being Spanish, that means on time to me). We were swiftly attended to, but never felt rushed.- 1 Star - Beers and wines by the glass.  Not quite as much selection as we would have liked, even though the list is not meager.  Quality was good.  I would like to see more than one sparkling by the glass and a few more up-market selections by the glass.  They have an excellent list by the bottle, though.+ 1 Star - Food sourcing.  Its one thing to serve good food, which I demand (!).  It's another to care about where that food came from.  I can't recall exactly what we had (I had found some wine I liked!), but some of the standouts were the vegetables that came from the property that were a part of each dish.  + 1 Star - Menu.  We did the tasting menu ($65 a head) which was an alternative to ordering ala carte.  I was thrilled with my salad.  It was probably the best I have had in... forever?  He loved his entree, lamb with vegetables.  He looked at his place setting after finishing and commented that he had not used his knife!  Lamb was like butter!- 1 Star - Dessert.  Talk about a let down.  He had a white tiramisu that was okay, but not great.  I had pears on a shortbread cookie.  Not good at all.  The cookie was inedible.  These guys need a pastry chef.+ 1 Star - Romance.  It was so romantic here that we were inspired to go make out in the bathroom for a while. Should have seen the looks on people's faces.  Geez.  Prudes.  But it is one of the most bodice-ripping inspiring places I have been in a short while.  - 1 Star - Pricing.  Overall, $65 per head is not outrageous, but seems high for what was received.  I was not blown away by my entree - a poached egg with veggies.  Really?  Not so much.I am torn whenever writing reviews if I should be rating them (via the yelp star system) against their potential or against the overall establishments in the world or if I should rate them against those in their home town.  I feel very conflicted about rating Quiessence only 4 stars, as I believe it is likely one of the best that Phoenix/Scottsdale has to offer.  However, I would like to see them improve their desserts and also pay a bit more attention to lavishing on the guests (for example, it was a cold night, but they could have up-sold he and I to a drink by the fire pit outside if they had offered blankets or the like) before I give them 5 stars.  These guys need to be a little less precious in my view, keep their focus on the local sourcing, and get away from the overly fluffy presentation.  I liked this place very much and will try them again in the future, perhaps for their beautifully presented brunch, whiff of animal dung coddling my nostrils on a fair weather day.
4	It's been nearly  9 months  since the wife and myself ate at Quiescence on a Friday evening.It takes an evening to really go through the experience and that's the best way to explain it because objectively this has to add up to more than the sum of it's parts. The grounds are great and a nice transition from the orange vampire lights of Phoenix but it's likely If you ride a bike it's pretty bloody perilous to get your stand down,or to wear high heels ( Hey those Harley guys are hiding something;) ) I have a rural background, and the outside tier of Quiessence , the one just in the main entrance,really didn't hack it in terms of ambiance, it's like sitting in my UK farmhouse at night :  ( Ok that may be exactly the point they are going for but I kinda feel that we missed out by not being in the main room)  So what of the food?  I have to concur with many that have said that the natural ingredients, the  meats, cheeses , presentation and knowledge of the staff are excellent though  possibly a tad presumptive re what my next question would have been.  We cook a  lot at home but it's not possible for me to know every herb that goes on a plate I like to learn but preempting my ignorance?  The salad was probably the best one I've ever had which when considered next to my chosen second plate of Duo of Housemade "Boudin Blanc" Sausage and Slow Roasted Pork Belly with Butternut Squash "Mash" should  be a good indicator of how I rank salad in the scheme of things.Their wild foraged mushroom salad  was, well it's 9 months later and I still, recall it fondly.  We'll certainly go back but it's more of an annual event. Quiescence is  like getting your first real watch. It  kicks you off into a search for ever more interesting pieces but you still end up having a soft spot for the original. 4.25 stars if I could rate it like that.Just a little too high on the price for what goes into the main dish. The appetizers, plate one, salad were all worth it in a way that our entrees were not. Given that we'd just had great appetizer, beginning and first plate it was anti-climactic for the entree to be ,you know, just great. (Yeah I know ungrateful , there's people starving in the world ,we were two of them in the interim between plate 1 and 2 :) ) A small  frustration was the water. The mineral water gets up to room temperature between courses and at $9 a bottle ,a mark-up that makes me want to switch to wine next time, the Pillsbury Roan red, and  take a cab.
1	The ambiance is amazing, driving down the gravel road and actually being on a farm and in an old farmhouse to eat is fantastic. The look and feel of quiessence can be compared to few.Thats about all they had going for them. The service was terrible, not bad, TERRIBLE. Where did the wait staff learn their craft? Denny's? No that isnt fair to Denny's employees, they actually come and check on you to see if everything is going alright. The food. We had the farmer's feast, I have done chef chosen multi course dinners where the chef chooses for you, and they are generally amazing. This one, on the other hand, was poorly chosen. When I go to a higher end place and pick the option of having a professional chef decide what I am going to eat, I expect him to know what he is doing. The farmers feast is described as "multi-course culinary journey through local farms, pastures, land and sea" (straight off the menu) well oddly enough my journey was only through a pig sty. Oh? Every course is pork? I know "everyone" loves pork but this was ridiculous. My palate was never teased or excited or craving more. The meal was dull and boring. More boring than this damn review. The other major complaint was how long it took between courses. We were there for almost 3 hours for dinner. Are you kidding me?!?!?! I honestly shouldn't be waiting 20-30 minutes between every course. I am sad to say quiessence but you left me more unsatisfied than my senior prom date.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area. There, I wrote it...and I am sticking to it. First off -- fresh local, sustainable, organic are not just words on the menu and the website. Now, in places like San Francisco and NYC, this would be nothing notable, but in the desert, it is truly something hard to find. Aside from the practical, in the land of Fox Restaurants (True aside) and the big box store at the strip mall, there really appears to be little demand for a small, local restaurant on a farm. It's time to make new demands! It's time to say no to the next Zinburgergeist and try that little corner place run by your neighbor...but I digress. We enjoyed the Farmer's Feast and it was worth every penny of the $65/person. First, the house cured meats, including the head cheese, were amazing. Second, how often do you get a chef's menu where each person's plate is different? Not often. Ultimately we each tried 10 different items. And each item, was amazing. I would come back for the pasta alone, let along the perfectly cooked scallops, and melt in your mouth sliced fillet. The service was ideal. If you want to eat in 60 minutes, don't come here, but if you want to enjoy in evening of great food, do come here. I noted to the waiter that the previous night they had sturgeon -- something I haven't seen on a menu since N. California. I commented on how unique it is, etc...Of course, it was not available on the night I was there...or was it? When it came to our fish course, the waiter brought out sturgeon for me. The restaurant didn't have enough to have it on the menu, but the waiter clearly put in a special request on my behalf and made the effort to make a diner happy. Maybe if I offer to work on the farm I can eat for free...
5	Wow! The absolute best place in town to take your wife. Excellent food and incredible service. I have never been to a restaurant with such great ambiance. The property that this restaurant sits on is absolutely incredible. We had an amazing 5 course dinner by candlelight in their old farmhouse restaurant. From the suited host to the delectable dessert, everything was absolutely, positively first class. We felt like royalty.
4	Recently transplanting here from Northern California, where farms and organic produce are everywhere, I got excited about going to a restaurant here in Phoenix that has its own organic farm and within the city to boot. At first, I thought I was going to have to drive beyond the city but, no, happily it's not far from downtown.We got there about 5:30pm and got a little tour of the property first, and it's quaint, rustic, and very welcoming, so of course it is a place after my own heart. I could hang out in the courtyards with a cool glass of lemonade, some of their fresh baked breads, and a good book, all afternoon.There was three of us and we ordered the Farmer's Feast which is basically a cornucopia of dishes the chef creates. For each of the six courses, each of us got our own dish, so we could sample and try each others. So yeah, if you do some math, that is 18 different dishes total. The awesome thing though is that each plate is small and I did not feel like I had to be rolled out of there.Since there are way too many dishes to talk about, on my food blog you can see almost all the food we ate. http://bit.ly/dy0AFX The fennel lemon bread was absolutely divine. They bake all the breads in this huge oven outside and so I must come back when they are baking.I would have given this place 5 stars but all three of the meat dishes we got were meh. In fact, the lamb chops I got were way too on the bloody side. But hey, they got 5 out of 6 courses on the money so that's pretty awesome.Quiessence is a great place to take your sweetie for a charming evening, friends or family who are into organics and supporting local producers, and parents or the elders visiting from out of town.
5	Quiessence does it again . . . another fabulous experience for me and on a holiday, too!  My husband and I dined there last night for Valentine's Day.  It was just incredible! For starters, due to a mistaken turn down a dirt road earlier in the day, we were a half hour late. I used to work in the restaurant industry and know how tight the schedule is during holiday seating . . . well, they accommodated us without any issues or attitude.  Then we were seated at a table right in front of the fireplace - how romantic!!!We decided to order separate dishes so that we could try more of the items on the special holiday menu. We also chose the wine pairing for an additional $35/person.A few of our favorites for the night . . .Lobster and Crab Salad . . . the aioli that was served with it was so yummy! And the seafood was prepared perfectly! Pairing with 2008 Ballentine Vineyards Chenin Blanc was brilliant!Always love the housemade charcuterie!The Braised Beef Cannelloni with Melting Fiscalini Cheddar Cheese was the winner for the night. My husband actually wanted to order a second one because he just couldn't get enough. Sous Chef Tony does an amazing job with the homemade pasta at Quiessence.Our favorite wine of the night was Arizona Stronghold Nachise and 2006 Gundlach Bundschu Pinot Noir.OK, and dessert was phenomenal. We both ordered chocolate which I normally don't do . . . and the Flourless Chocolate Torte with (housemade) Marshmallow, Hazelnut Cream and Fudge Sauce was to die for! I didn't want to share this one.Overall, I have to say that I'm always impressed by the freshness of the food, the inspired preparation and the commitment to local flavors.  Chef LaPrad gets my vote as one of the top chefs I've run across. I'm never disappointed and always pleasantly surprised that each visit builds on the last, just getting better and better.Lastly, the service is always impeccable and friendly. I've always been greeted warmly.  The servers are very knowledgeable and passionate.  I also love that I see the same faces visit after visit.  I wouldn't say that service is fast; but with that being said, I wouldn't want it fast.  This is a beautiful place and I want to savor every minute. I love to relax between courses, sipping my wine and letting each course digest.  So, whether you're looking for the perfect romantic meal or a place to impress a business client, Quiessence will not disappoint. I will continue to return again and again with confidence that each visit will be as incredible as the last.
1	Ugh!!  A 25 min wait greeted us before anyone recognized our presence.  We were offered complientary champaigne in consideration.  Who drinks champainge??We were allowed to order wine prior to hearing of the chef's feast, which offers a wine pairing.  That's dumb.We ordered a meat/cheese plate.  It contained head cheese.  Hmmmm.  Overpriced and oversalted.30 min later our salads came.  The salads were ok and unfortunately the highlight of the meal.35 min later our main course came.  Overcooked, uneventful, lame.I can't drink alcohol and ordered water.  Twice I was left w/ no water for extended periods.  Both times I was foced to ask for water.There were no hand towels in the unisex bathroom.  It's no fun to dry your hands using toilet paper.The "best" part was saved for last.  Quiessence automatically adds an 18% gratuity, which is OK assuming the service is at least adequate.  It wasn't.  Further, as our waiter dropped the bill, he explained the 18% "goes to the house" and anything additional we might addd, though not required, is most appreciated.  Egad....why does the house need a service charge w/ the magnificent margins they charge for their normal food service?  And why do they put their staff in the position of shaking down their patrons for tips?Although it's a very nice, calming setting, I found myself wanting to leave after the first appy.  Food, service and ancillary were simply terrible.  Stay away.  You'll spend your $175 for 2 much better most anywhere else.
2	Wow how over rated can a place get? outside of the warm Thyme bread to start, the entire meal was a disappointment. From the arrogance of the chef tasting menu where they don't tell you whats on the menu yet choose 90% of the items off the menu to the overly complex combination of simple ingredients. Its obvious that Phoenix residents are so used to eating at strip malls with their chain restaurants that this place impresses them. Save your money and eat elsewhere
5	This may be the best food I have eaten in Phoenix.  My mom and I came here after a day at the spa (is this my life?).  If I could better recall my experience at the now defunct SeaSaw I would possibly say they fall on the same continuum.  But for very different reasons. You don't come to these restaurants for large American meals focused on confusing people of what value should mean.  This place makes you think about each bite you take, wondering what the hell it is and why does it taste so amazing?  I think I'm a pretty good cook, so I'm most impressed by dishes I don't think I can replicate.  It's not even an option here - stinging nettle anyone?  The menu really DOES change daily, you can check it online. This is a place that is centered on vegetables but recognizes most of the population likes meat.  Here, no problems regardless of dietary preferences, vegan, etc, just let them know (when making reservations).  Ordering is fun (and expensive= thanks Mom!), because you order via courses either a la carte, or their daily tasting menu, with or without wine pairing (compared to other cities, this is a great deal).  Antipasto options for everyone.This is an incredibly innovative menu, especially for Phoenix, and such a beautiful setting.   EVERYTHING is local, and most everything is organic.  Homemade gnocchi with cheese from... (Peoria??) Wonderful wine list, tons of awards for it, ask for a recommendation and you'll be duly satisfied.They also run a number of seasonal dinners, usually focused on meat, always focused on local.  This is the perfect special occasion experience. If you love the safe cookie cutter restaurant scene that often seems to dominate Phoenix, this isn't for you. I'm giving it 5 stars, because when taking location and an unusual menu into consideration, there just isn't anything else like it in Phoenix.
3	good food. lazy service. beautiful location. mediocre wine list.
4	creative, interesting restaurant, though not perfect. seating in small rooms creates intimate feeling. service can be a bit distracted, but overall very friendly and competent. i ordered the 6 course tasting menu with wines paired. here is a rundown of dishes:charcuterie and cheese: not bad. nice/rich duck rillette. paired well with gruet brut rose.salad: okay. blue cheese dressing in excess. fuji apples not tart enough to enliven flavors. dominated by the cheese. saucy/overdressed. paired well with ballentine chenin blanc.noodles with morels and stinging nettles: delicious. flavor dominated by morels, but nettles provide subtle spice. paired with gundlach bundschu pinot noir. an odd pairing, but actually worked.halibut with tomato sauce, snap peas and cauliflour puree: fantastic on every level. a home run. bad pairing, though -- some Arizona red rhone blend.pulled pork: good flavors but a bit chewy. richness of dish nicely paired with sextant paso robles zinfandel. wine not good solo but good paired with pork.carrot cake: great presentation. too much frosting, though, and not enough cake. frosting dominates flavors, leaving you with an overly sweet impression. paired adequately with king estate oregon vin glace of pinot gris.ambitious restaurant worth a visit on many levels.enjoy.
4	I've had my two best dinners of 2010 at Quiessence and FnB.  Both I would rate 41/2 stars.As we drove onto the Farm grounds we noticed a wedding reception off to the left in one of the grassy picnic areas.  Poor guy, you don't have to get married to have a great meal here!We started with the chef's spread cured meat and salumi plate.  Each creation was very different and very good.My pork loin dish was wonderful and my girlfriend's scallops were melt in her mouth good.  All the food here is so fresh and natural that the true flavors really come through in every bite.The service and scenic grounds are delightful.Even if you don't live nearby, this place is worth the trip for a very special dining experience.
5	Always a marvelous experience. The patio area is simply lovely if the weather is permitting. The menus are always excellent and they have an excellent staff. The cheese plate is always great to start and the servers will help you pick a good selection of cheeses and suggest very good wines. The food is always very good and also unique -- rabbit is one of my favourite proteins they prepare here. I have been there for Valentine's Day and also for our wedding anniversary and the always make the evening special. It is pricey but worth every penny you pay.
5	Good God, finally! you can actually taste the fact that everything here is organic. That might sound strange, but you can. The salad was divine and perfectly dressed. Even the whipped cream on my pecan pie was scratch with a taste of vanilla and cinnamon. The bread served just barely before the meal was warm, soft & dense on the inside, crusty outside. this place is perfection and, not cheap, but we only go once a year, so there you go.
5	Fantastic meal.     Fantastic experience.     I am a vegetarian.    I cook a lot and am very conscious of food preparation, starting with sourcing.    I don't just patronize Farmers Markets, I patronize CERTAIN Farmers Markets....that sort of thing.    Long story short, if I am going to dine out, I want something very special.  VERY special. Quiessence exceeded my expectations at almost every turn.    I dined there with my son and daughter-in-law...both truly expert cooks...more knowledgeable than I.     All of us were BLOWN AWAY by our meal.    We got the Farmers Feast without the wine pairings so we could choose our own wine.     I got the vegetarian...they got the carnivore (or ominvore or whatever they call it!).     Truthfully, labels are irrelevant.      It's all in the taste...and the tastes are sublime!I was impressed by how much variety was in each plate.      Theirs were similar but each a little different.      More importantly, there was a marvelous progression of very carefully crafted flavors.      The most impressive thing:   The chef clearly wanted to offer his own interpretations .     That he did so while letting the fabulous ingredients speak for themselves is truly remarkable.The setting is beautiful.     The servers are unpretentiously proud of their community and the work they are doing and seemed to enjoy our enjoyment as well.Our only criticism (and it is minor)  is that although the desserts were beautifully crafted, we felt that they did not reflect the intentions of local sustainability.    There is so much wonderful local fruit (used in other courses, I might add!)...perhaps adding some to the desserts would carry out the theme more completely...I'm sure the chefs' creativity can conjure more ideas than I!That said, I will return!    As often as possible!    Quiessence and the Farm at South Mountain are an unparalleled resource for the Phoenix community...easy to get to from any part of the Valley...no excuses, folks!...Go!
4	I was in the restaurant last Friday. It was wonderful. This is among the best places I have eaten in Phoenix. I had the beef, almost a stew. It was very well prepared. My cousin raved about the gnocchi. My favorite thing about this place is the low key atmosphere. The wait staff is low key, attentive, but not overbearing. The house is charming and its a really comfortable place to sit and have a leisurely meal. I would have given the restaurant five stars but I question how it can charge $48 for a bottle of Arizona wine. It was a pretty terrible bottle. I would have sent it back, but I wanted to give it a shot so ultimately it's my fault for not saying anything to the waiter. Our second bottle was a lovely California Pinot Noir. If you haven't been to Quiessence add it to the top of your list.
5	This place blew me away.  What a gem.  My wife and i went to Quiessence for our anniversary this past Saturday night.  I knew that it existed, and I had read that it was good, but I had no idea what we were in for.  We got the 6 course Farmers Feast with wine pairings ($75/person + $45/person for wine), and i would recommend it to anyone.  Our server brought each of us different plates for each course with different wine pairings.  So if you are willing to share, each diner really gets to try 12 different plates and 12 different wines.  Each and every course was fantastic, but our favorite was the grilled Mexican sea bass and the hand cut tagliatalle with wild mushrooms and wild ramps.  I could go back the very next day and order just that pasta, but the menu changes daily.  Some suggestions - book early and spurge for the outdoor fireplace table.  I wanted this, but it was already booked.  If you cant get that table, request to be outside or on the patio.  The ambiance here is really fantastic and totally unique.  Being seated inside is nice, but you do miss out on a bit of the experience.  This place is right up there with Kai, and I would assume Binkley's, although I have yet to go.
4	I'm a dork for the local, organic, foodie places that are in short order in the Phoenix area, so I was excited to try Quiessence. We had the Farmer's Feast a few weeks ago - a great way to try many different options on the menu. It is $75 per person so it is not cheap, but you definitely get your money's worth of food - and the price is similar to what you would pay for appetizer, entree and dessert but you get WAY more food than that - a great way to go. Everything was great up to the meat entrees (special mention to the pasta dishes - wonderful!) Then it all became very salty. REALLY salty. My only recommendation if you order meat, is to ask them to not add salt, or easy salt, whatever. I would have loved to really taste the meat and not just salt. Other than that, a unique experience at a neat place.
5	Maybe it was because I was celebrating my anniversary, a new job offer and a positive pregnancy test all in one evening, but I had the best meal of my life at Quiessence. My husband and I were blown away with the service from start to finish - even during an electrical outage in the neighborhood in June! They took care of us with extra waters and the service didn't slow down. We chose the Farmer's Feast for the evening and sampled 10 menu items in total this way - simply amazing! My favs? Do I have to pick? I guess I would say the light and luscious cheese gnocchi and its companion pasta: hand cut tagliatelle. But honestly - all of it was so good. One thing for those of us who are weekday vegetarians, I wouldn't bother breaking that code for the house cured meats. For me, it was the least exciting. Save your honor. Worth the money for a unique experience that supports the local economy and local agriculture. Thank you, Kari (our waitress), and the rest of the staff for a memory to last a lifetime.
5	So, we were in Phoenix to celebrate my boyfriends birthday and I wanted to take him some place that we could never find in Chicago and boy did I accomplish that goal! We found out upon arriving that it was actually their last night of the season. They close for a month during the summer because its obviously too hot in Phoenix to grow anything sustainable and given that their menu and the concept of the restaurant is to use local ingredients, it obviously cant be done in 115 degree weather. SO, we totally lucked out.We once again sat outside (theme of the weekend), it was way too cute out there not to. My boyfriend is a bit of a food snob, so the minute I saw the Chef's tasting menu I knew he would be all over it and he was. So, off we went down a road of 6 magnificent courses. We started off with the Chef's antipasta platter. It had about 4-5 different types of cured meats and 2 cheeses to choose from as well as a crostini with a pork puree on it. Everything was delicious! I even had the head cheese and was pleasantly surprised how good it actually was. I just kept telling myself not to think about the actual ingredients ;) We moved onto the second course and I had the Melon Cucumber Salad, which was so light and so refreshing and the dressing was a delicious pecan vinaigrette, it was SOOO good. My boyfriend had the Seafood and Corn Chowder and that was tasty as well, he really enjoyed it. Next we moved onto the third course and I had the chittara cut spaghetti with cherry tomatoes, and pork belly. It was magnificent. The taste of the tomatoes and then the pork belly were delicious. My boyfriend had the Rainbow Valley Farmer's Cheese Gnocchi, it was in a mushroomy, creamy delicious sauce. Our fourth course was the fish course and we were both served the marlin. It was cooked perfectly on a wood grill and you could really taste the smoky flavor and the fish was like butter, it just melted in your mouth. It was to die for. The fifth course was the meat course (my least favorite of the courses) and I received the Milk Braised Ham. It was more of a pork stew on a bed of mashed potatoes. I'm not much of a meat eater to begin with and this just wasn't my dish. My boyfriend had the Wild Boar Sausage and he thought it was magnificent.  By this point I was straining to breathe I was so full! Our last course was of course dessert and I had the panna catta and it was very light and creamy and omg it was so good. It had bits of corn in it and was topped with little croutons. It was heaven. My boyfriend had some kind of apple bread and he loved that as well. Oh, and let me point out that the sweet bread with the chive butter when you first sit down is absolutely to die for. The bread was nice and warm and the butter melted and omg it was delicious. The only gripes I would have about the restaurant is maybe the lack of our primary server. She was a little slow on getting us drinks, I sat without one for 2 courses and didn't offer us coffee or tea with our dessert. This point really bothered my boyfriend! He usually has coffee with his dessert and she didn't offer it up until after we had finished our dessert and were waiting on the check. We just felt if we are going to spend that kind of money on a tasting all elements should be there and it sort of lacked. Taylor or other waiter was PHENOMENAL! He was very knowledgeable on the food and where it came from and what we should expect when we taste it, etc. You could tell he has a true passion for the restaurant and the food they were serving and he did an excellent job presenting each course to us. At the end the Chef signed our menu for us, it was definitely a nice touch and a nice way to end the meal!
3	We would have given it 5 stars but most dishes were too salty.
4	My wife and I celebrated our 1 year anniversary here Saturday night.  We decided to pull out all the stops and do the "The Brick Oven Table" thing.  They setup a nice table outside next to their brick oven and serve you an 8 course meal.  It is very intimate and if I wasn't already married my wife would have thought I was going to propose.  So if there are any guys out there looking for a good proposal spot this is probably a pretty solid place to do it.It probably wasn't my most brilliant idea to sit outside because it was pretty hot and both of us got pretty bitten up by mosquitos and/or ants.  The hostess and waitress gave us plenty of forewarning and chances to move inside because of the heat, but we decided to stick it out because it is all part of the charm and will definitely give us an anniversary to remember.Anyway, the food was very very good.  I can't pick a favorite because it was all good.  Yes the courses are pretty small but after 8 courses I was pretty stuffed.  Nothing that was served was overly bizarre or fru fru (as some tasting menus can get).  My only complaint is that the chef has a pretty heavy hand when it comes to salt.  I mean I love salt but some of the stuff was overly salted.  Doing the sampling menu was a great experience and gave us the full range of what Quiessence has to offer.  It truly is top notch cuisine.Everybody from the hostess to the waitresses to the bus boys are all very professional, helpful and friendly.  I would recommend Quiessence to anybody looking to celebrate an occasion or just want a nice night out.
1	The setting is gorgeous but the food was awful--one of the worst meals we've had in a long time.  Alarm bells began to ring when I ordered a house made ginger-ale--one of four house-made sodas on their cocktail list--and it arrived flat. It then took us ten minutes to flag the server down and another fifteen to get the drink back. Second go: not flat, but not particularly tasty either. Next worry: of the two breads in the bread basket, one was stale and the other had no salt in it. We ordered the six course tasting meal. First course was salumi and cheese accompanied by various crackers and bread rounds. All the crackers were stale; the bread served with the pate tasted as though it had been toasted and oiled several days previous. We didn't finish the plate.  Salad course was okay, although one of the salads (octopus, I think) was drowning in sweetish dressing. Third course pasta: I was served a pasta with Italian sausage and purslane, which was fine, except the purslane was very oily. My husband was given a gnocchi with some sort of cheese sauce; the gnocchi was heavy and the cheese sauce was like wallpaper paste. At this point we considered leaving and hitting up a taco truck, but decided to tough it out since we were half way through. Fish course was almost inedible due to excessive saltiness, as was the final meat course: the pork dish I was given tasted like salt-pork that hadn't been rinsed and the green bean garnish was cold, while the rest of the dish was very hot. We left most of the food on the plates, and asked for the check, though we had a dessert course left. The server brought us the check and the desserts boxed up. They didn't survive the trip home, so can't comment on their quality. The service was very amateurish. Some of the waiters had to read our course descriptions off a piece of paper. It often took ten-fifteen minutes for our plates to be cleared. My husband had the wine pairing; glasses arrived after their course, or way before.  None of this would have bothered us if the food had been good.But it wasn't. We left disappointed and hungry. I don't usually post negative reviews, but the meal was so disappointing, and the other yelp reviews are so positive, that I felt our an opposing view was warranted. Perhaps they were having an off night and our experience was unusual. I hope so. The setting is wonderful and I certainly applaud their farm to table mission.
4	I liked the idea of using locally produced products, unfortunately value for money was not there. With a food and wine bill at over $100/person the food quality should be extra special.Our overall opinion was that the food was either a little too salty and or a little bland (most dishes).The fish (marlin) cooked to perfection, the butter nut squash great flavor and mushroom soup tasted like a packet soup - so some dishes really nice, but others either bland or over salted.The young lady serving us, although very attentive tended to be a little too serious. A little smile or joke might have been in order.We were never rushed and spent 2- 3 hours just chatting - setting was wonderful so high marks for the ambiance. Just a pity the food did not match ambiance etc. I guess I'm spoiled by my wife's cooking.8/18 update - perhaps I was a little harsh the first time-around. Second visit to the restaurant - food and ambiance excellent. Great way to spend several hours with friends
4	I was spending a weekend in Phoenix and on a hunt for a nice NYE dinner.  I was a little disappointed that it was a Prix Fixe menu because I was so excited by what I'd seen on the menu.  No matter, the prix fixe had sufficient options.It was a dark and cold night.  The Farm is not well lit and easy to miss if you don't know where you're going.  Parking isn't great, with an unpaved lot and no lines to force cars to park reasonably close to one another.But then you walk up and you really feel like you're out on a farm.  And I now understand why farmers don't wear high heels.  It's pretty hard to walk gracefully on an uneven, unpaved surface.  My biggest complaint is that it was so dark, it was hard to appreciate the ambiance of The Farm.  I would like to go back and see it in the daylight.  Also, the cold forced us straight into the restaurant.Which is very pretty, cozy, and intimate.  Tables aren't too close together and you can't hear other conversations - except for the drunk guy a few tables away, but then he left.Service was good.  No complaints.  Helpful and knowledgeable.  I wanted more extensive descriptions of the menu so I could make my selections and our waiter was familiar with each dish and able to describe each well enough to make me drool.  I was pleased.Food was excellent.  Not salty, like so many yelpers complained.The seared tuna was definitely fresh.  I don't even like tuna normally and I really liked it.The fois gras was well paired with toast and preserves - and also rich and creamy on its own.The lobster bisque was unlike a typical heavy cream-based bisque but rather lighter and brothier.  Since it wasn't in front of me, I only got a few spoonfuls in before it disappeared.The ravioli was my absolute favorite.  Homemade pasta is really the best thing in the world.  Cooked to perfection, not mushy and not chewy.  And a light shaving of truffles on top to complement the flavors without overwhelming.  I really could have just had another bowl of ravioli for my entree and been happy.The sausage was moist and buttery.  I've never had sausage like it before.The duck was a tad overcooked but still good.  I actually liked the sauteed greens on the side better.  But I still ate it all.I was already full by the time dessert rolled around.  It was good but not exciting compared to the rest of the meal.Specialty drinks are good - a must try!I don't know why others had negative experiences, but we thoroughly enjoyed our new years eve.PS they don't take discover.
5	Oh be still my heart! Quiessence is amazing and offers a one of a kind dining experiences. We went last night to celebrate our anniversary and were treated as though we were the only couple in the entire place (which there must have been half a dozen other couples there for similar celebrations).  We opted to have the farmers feast (I had the wine pairing) and the wonderfulness began.  6 Courses: Each amazing for its own reason.  They were nicely timed so that we could enjoy each course, each wine, and eachother.  But not so spaced out that we started to wonder if they forgot about us.  So as we sat outside on the patio staring out onto the farm's scenery - like we were in our own little world where decadent plates of food would magically arrive at the perfect time. 1st Course - Salami, cheese and bread - what is a better way to start2nd - fresh and clean salads (mine was citrus - his warm beet with goat chees) 3rd - pasta (his included rabbit meatballs, mine was similar to gnocchi but went by a different name - this was my favorite) 4th- fish (cod and rock fish . . . flakey sweet  buttery - but light) 5 - meat (venison - lamb . . . perfectly cooked perfectly seasoned) 6th dessert - (one was a ved velvet whoopie pie the other was a carrot style cake)Each course showed up without us placing a single order - just what the chef sent out - and each was wonderful. Thank you Quiessence for making this a special evening!!!
2	Terrible, terrible experience that lasted hours and felt like a taste of hell.Service was dysfunctional and slow. Server made assumptions about timing that led to a disagreeable experience; she also wasn't wise to gluten free options.Food was ok. The menu changes often, so I'm not sure how my review would help. The lobster, squash soup app was quite good. The cheese plates are an outrageous rip-off. I wasn't a fan of my poached sausage entree; which was an alternative pick as they ran out scallops, my first selection.Strange location in the woods. Lots of foul smell as you approach. In the end: I wouldn't return, nor should you venture there. The value was absent and I was annoyed as I left.
5	I've been here a few times, and every time has been impeccable.  This is, by far, my favorite fine dining restaurant in the Valley.  Fresh local food transformed into the most delicious meals by an amazing chef.  If you are looking for the most romantic setting, or the best Phoenix food, or amazing service, or some combo of the above, please check out this restaurant.  You will be amazed!  I HIGHLY recommend the Farmers Feast with wine pairings.And if you haven't been to the Farm, come a little early and wander around the Farm and check out the chickens and flowers and lovely pecan trees.
5	Five stars is definitely tough to give but this place gets it. The ambiance, food, and service were all amazing. For me,it is definitely a special occasion type of place. Great romantic spot, but guys I wouldn't take a crap shoot first or second date here. A dinner for two will run 200 bucks easily, especially if you do the 75 dollar a head six coarse meal, which is what we ordered and it was organic food porn heaven, every coarse. Set aside about two hours for this meal, they space it out perfectly between courses, so when that six coarse dessert hits the table I still was able to fit it in my belly and not feel disgustingly bloated and did not need a "I'm too overweight to walk scooter" when I left.
5	As a vegetarian and I always a little concerned when trying new restaurants, but this was hands down the best meal I have ever eaten, everything was perfect. I went with a date and we both ordered the Chef's Tasting Menu. The antipasto plate was divine, they only cook with local in season vegetables so it was fun to give me taste buds something a little different (think parsnips and fennel). That was followed by a salad with fresh grapefruit, local artisan cheeses, grilled vegetables, cauliflower tartar (with fried capers, red onion and grilled bread), marinated seasonal vegetables, cheese gnudi (similar to gnocchi) with romanesco and spicy crushed tomatoes and then finished with an incredible dessert. The ambiance was great for a date but would be perfect for a group as well. Although I wouldn't recommend it for children. If it had been warmer we would have eaten outside in their pecan groves. There are also outside fire pits to warm up around. I cannot wait until I get the opportunity to dine here again, it is now my new favorite!!
2	Slow Food! The thought brings good things to mind. Unfortunately Saturday  January 29, 2011 we had to endure painfully slow service to go with this once novel culinary faire. It started with a bad table, moved to a better location, then waited for five minutes until our waitperson acknowledged us. After getting through the culinary feast introduction  which we declined, we ordered apps, dinner and a glass of wine. After an hour we still had not received our apps. When they did arrive they were excellent. The owner or manager acknowledged our long wait with a complimentary glass of wine for KJ.  After another painful wait we received our dinners. Mine being the seafood selection, my wife had a pasta speciality. The seafood was cooked perfect not quite as hot as it should have been, and KJ's pasta was hot & perfect. In closing an 18% gratuity was added to the bill which was not what this service was worth. Good restaurant , perhaps it was just a bad night? I would not however go back when there are restaurants like Kai and others that deserve your business.
1	Won't be going back.The food was so so.  The Front of the House was a disaster.We arrived early.  With no real bar area we were taken out back to the fire pit area and told a server would be a long to get us drinks.  After waiting 15 minutes, I went in and ordered myself.We were eventually seated 30 minutes after our reservation.  They were then out of the entree I had chosen.The courses came very slowly.  We had to send back my wife's entree as it was undercooked.The only highlight was the pasta dish.There are many better choices out there.
4	We have a great time-service was good.  The trout was great but presentation missed the mark a little. The smoked lamb was too salty. Still the food was above average.
1	As you can tell from my profile, I'm not one to write a bad review - if you don't have something nice to say...But I can't stop myself from sharing my experience at Quiessence - especially when considering the price.On our anniversary, I thought it would be great to take her to a high-end spot like Quiessence.  I looked at the reviews (first time social media has let me down), it looked legit, and I set it up without telling her.  I made a reservation, let them know it was our anniversary asking for a nice table and offering to pay a little more if there was something special they could do.  For our near $300, here's what "special" means:- A table by the door. I seriously can't believe they cram a table there, everyone who walked in was basically on our lap.- After taking our drink order, it took 20 minutes before our waiter returned, and with just one of the drinks.- We ordered, received our appetizers in ok time, and then waited another 40 minutes until our meals began coming out (we ordered special courses - big mistake)- Each dish came out somewhere between warm to cold, for sure sitting around-  Even if warm, the quality was not anywhere near the caliber of what a similarly priced meal at any other high-end establishment around town would be.- Tip was included in the bill at over 18%Seriously, unreal, when expressing our disappointment, we received a "sorry."  Even if it was an off night, there's just too much here to ignore. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
1	Worst fine dining experience ever. The hostess was RUDE and the food HIGHLY OVERRATED. We are vegetarians and had gone with huge expectations. I am thoroughly disappointed and I am used to going fine dining at least 2 times every year. A colossal waste of $$$$ for some very average dining fare.
2	I have been to a few high end restaurants in my day. So Ill summarize right up front. I wasnt that impressed.The Pros:Fantastic ambianceKnowledgeable wait staffThe yam-stuffed raviolis are to die for (some of the other reviews mention them as well)Excellent assortment of local and small California winesExcellent home-made salamisThe Cons:They killed, and I mean KILLED my NY Strip steak. Past well done. Sawdust. You just dont do that in a $300 place. My 12 year old does that. Didn't offer to re-do it, but wanted to get me "something else"? WTH?? Like I dont know what sawdust in my mouth is and what a NY strip is supposed to taste like?The halibut was under cooked as well. One of the wine courses didnt come out with the meal course.They added a automatic 18% gratuity. Even on the alcohol. You just dont do THAT either.So go for the atmosphere and anything "tuscany", but stay away from anything else. For a "high end" place they fall short. Go to Fleming's or something instead if you want better all around food. Dont say we didnt warn you.
3	This was our first visit.  The food was quite good--I had the pork shoulder, and the restaurant made a vegetarian entree for my fiancee.  We also started with a plate of three cheeses.  Unfortunately, the portion sizes on that plate were miniscule.  Our server was friendly, but not terribly knowledgeable.  For example, he couldn't tell us anything about more than half of the cheeses, and he didn't really know about the wine list.  The aspect that really annoyed me, however, was the restaurant's decision to impose an 18% "service fee" on ALL checks.  Thus, the restaurant has removed any discretion over what used to be a gratuity and has made it a mandatory amount.  I'm more than a fair tipper, so this really serves no purpose other than to antagonize me; it is as if the restaurant believes I'm too immature to properly calculate a tip or adjust the tip to account for the service provided.
1	I hardly ever write a bad review, but I feel so compelled to warn anyone who is looking for a great dinner to not waste their money here! There are so many better options in Phoenix.  We went a couple weekends ago, had a reservation and had read great things about the place.  This place has SUCH potential for a home run considering the wine selection, menu and most importantly the location on the farm. We got there right at our reservation time and were greeted.  The hostess let us know that it would be about 10-15 minutes and directed us into the restaurant to the 'wine bar'.  This is when we began to wish there was an instruction guide to this place...it was not clear where to go for the wine bar and when we finally found someone to ask, she brought us a wine list and had us stand right smack in the middle of the dining room to look over the list. After we ordered a bottle of wine, we went outside to sit and wait.  The wine was great and there was a fire outside. After about 15 more minutes we were seated.  The table was in a weird spot right next to a door that wait staff were coming in and out of constantly. In the restaurant, the atmosphere was odd...I don't know exactly how to explain it.  It was quiet, but almost too quiet, like awkwardly quiet.  We saw wait staff walking about and helping customers and after 10 minutes we were still waiting for someone to come to our table.  I finally go the attention of the hostess and she apologized and sent someone over.  He was friendly but kept forgetting to bring water, we got the bread about half way through the meal, and he took about 20 minutes to get our check.  The food was decent, but compared to places like Kai, T.Cooks, Binkleys, not at all worth the money.  They have this plate with salted meats, cheese, etc. which is per person...so for the 2 of us it was $30.  Seriously! For that price, go to Cheuvront's or Postino's! If this was more reasonably priced, I might give it a second chance, but when you are going to spend over $200 for a meal, I'd rather go with a sure thing.  It was a really negative experience overall and the next night we did go to Cheuvront's to make up for it!
2	Boring and ordinary decor for such a pricey place!  We are foodies, we travel around the world, yet we love to prepare our own food.  Prices beginning at $75 per person without wine for the Pre Fix menu and mandatory that EVERYONE at the table must order it in order for one person to have it, began our frustration with this place.    It took our waiter an extremely long time in between each request  of, 'a fork, water, bread, wine, each course, etc.' and our dining experience continued for 3 hours - without dessert, and it was a birthday celebration.  Entirely too long and not enough attention for the mandatory gratuity at the end.    The prices were absolutely OUT OF LINE with the food delivered.Our waiter was arrogant, seeming to know and deliver more information about why they 'don't offer whole wheat pasta as an alternative', etc. etc.    Every other food item listed on the menu was unknown by all 6 of us college-educated adutls.  This alone made it difficult to know what we would be eating and paying for.  We questioned the waiter about it all, but it makes for an uneasy feeling, not knowing if the one ingredient in our salad, or entree would change the taste to the point of not enjoying it.    In an attempt to find something I could order without meat or a cream sauce, I ordered the pasta with a request to have the cream sauce substituted with Olive Oil.  I was delivered an entirely different meal.  The waiter and or the chef decided that i should get the vegan dish instead.  I have never had this experience and it was quite unusual, so say the least.  The waiter didn't apologize, but said the chef thought i would be happier with the other dish.    We were compensated by not having to pay for this vegan dish, without having to ask, but I was not happy with this service, when I was the paying customer.    The $15 antipasta plate had 2 small triangle of cheese, 2 very thin slices of salami and a bread stick.  Really!  Everything was alacarte if you didn't do the Pri Fix.  We finally asked for bread after we had been in our chairs for 30 minutes, starving for a morsel of food that didn't have a price on it.  Customary, ESPECIALLY at any 5 start restaurant!    Too far to drive, too expensive, and NOT reflective of all the reviews and hype.      The worst part is that we were stuck having to pay an 18% gratuity regardless of the quality of our service.  This is America, where the wait staff earns tip money above 15%.  They have some work to do on their menu, their staff!, and their values.
1	So I have never written for yelp but I wanted to warn about the experience.  After spending over 500$ on dinner I cant think of a worse way to spend the money. The Atmosphere lovely but the service, wine pairing and farmers feast felt like a scam.  For 45/person for wine pairings I would have expected fabulous picks (not a rose/syrah blend that tasted at best like bad sangria... more like hawaiian punch) and more than a thimbleful in each flight.  The Beef shoulder was overcooked and the spinach greens tasted like canned greens but with salt.  I will spare you the rest of the details but I have eaten at more than a few "high end" restaurants in my day and this one take first place at the worst.
4	This review could easily have been a 5 Star review...easily...except for SALT.  Just about every dish was extremely over salted.  In fact, the waitress said that she gets that same complaint a lot.  I put this at the top of my review for two reasons...1. I hope the chef reads this and starts to understand that he needs to reduce the salt, and 2. so YOU will make sure to tell the waitress you don't want your food over salted.Otherwise...WOW what a great restaurant.  The location is on a farm that grows all the vegetables and most of the items you eat in the restaurant.  The atmosphere is cozy, romantic, wonderful.  The service is excellent, and the servers know their stuff!Your best bet is get the chefs menu with a wine pairing and see what shows up at the table.  There is no better way to eat dinner here.  The presentation was 5*, the variety and freshness of the food was awesome.I really loved the experience, and will be back.
1	Huge waste of our time. I made a reservation and requested a romantic table for two. When we got there the hostess sat us next to a table of 4 ...who were extremely loud. I get that...they were all having fun. We asked to move to a table outside, but was told that they were all reserved.  This wasn't a very big place, but the outside area was very pretty and was lit by candlelight. We sat for maybe 5 min and the hostess came back and gave us a wine list and then....nothing. We waited and waited, hostess came back again and asked if we had questions about the wine list. I said I did, and she said she would try to answer but didn't know much about wine. Hmmmm, ok. Still no server. At that point, we then decided to leave.  Very disappointed for a couple of reasons...1. I would not think it would be so difficult to be acknowledged by a server, after all, they are there to take care of our dining accomadations.2. We were on vacation and this place was very out of the way.  We waisted part of our evening and when vacationing that is the last thing I want to do.3.  Hostess never said..."Is there a problem?"  She saw us leave, we walked right past her.
5	Had a fabulous time here with my husband celebrating my birthday last weekend. We both got "The Farmer's Feast" and it was truly amazing. I was not expecting that we would each get unique dishes so that let us sample even more of the food (though the hubby didn't really share too much). I highly recommend this option for anyone dining here. The antipasti was a great selection of cured meats and local cheeses. Next, I had a wonderful salad that was a great combination of sharp peppery flavors mixed with sweet. Strawberries, arugula, radishes, yum! For pasta course I got gnocchi with a rich and tasty cream sauce and my husband got ravioli stuffed with yam. His dish was amazing, I had to fight for a couple bites. For the fish course I had poached halibut that was served with some kind of really flavorful sauce and a vegetable puree so that whole thing was extremely delicious. The hubby got a very lightly seared tuna fillet. I was very surprised that he enjoyed it so much since he is usually not a raw fish kind of guy. For our main course I got a pork tenderloin and the hubby got braised beef... just lucky we each got our favorite meats. Each came with other vegetables and starches on the plate so they would have been an ample meal in and of themselves. For dessert, I got a goat cheese cheesecake that was truly amazing. One of the best deserts I have ever eaten. Very rich but the pieces were small enough so that it was not heavy. The dessert did not have too much sweetness so it went well with the ice wine it was served with which tasted like pure honey. Just fantastic. The hubby got bread pudding which we didn't much care for and it came with a sorbet that I didn't try. I got the wine pairings with the meal and every wine just complimented the dish it was served with so beautifully that I was really glad I added that option. Also, it ended up that you got a half glass (at least) with each course so I think it is a good value (the wine pairing was an extra $45.) I do agree with a couple of the reviewers who mentioned salt. There were a couple of dishes that had just a tad too much. However, I think that was not due to a mistake of the chef, I believe it is just because they use cured meats in a lot of their dishes. Another reviewer mentioned bad service but we did not experience that at all. Our server was extremely warm and friendly. She was very knowledgeable on the food and could answer any questions we had for her. She also took the time for each course to explain each dish and in my case the wine and why they went together. Only one time did my wine not come out at the same time with the food course and in that case our server apologized immediately. I do agree with some of the reviewers that the service is very slow... however, I believe that this is intentional. They have created a very cozy and comfortable environment and they want you to linger and enjoy yourself. With the Farmer's Feast in particular it took us almost 3 hours start to finish but I enjoyed every minute of it. It was nice to have time in between courses to sit and talk and relax. The spacing also kept us from feeling too full by the end (it is six courses after all!) or from letting the flavors from one dish influence the next. I was able to enjoy each course separately and independently with its own unique wine. It was pure food heaven. This is not the type of place where you would stop in for a meal before a show or event; when you come here, this should be your only destination for the night and it is such a great experience that it will be enough!  We truly had fantastic night here.One warning I will say is for ladies, you need to be prepared for the rural atmosphere and the walk from the car to the restaurant would be challenging in heels (I had been warned so had wedges). In fact the dress code overall was a bit more casual than I was expecting. Kai at Wildhorse Pass resort is my absolute favorite "special occasion" restaurant and so we were making a lot of comparisons between the two. My husband made the comment that when we were at Kai we spoke in library whispers the whole time and felt a little awkward at times (you know the type of place where you feel like if you use the wrong fork you may end up getting kicked out) but at Quiessence we were chatting away the whole time and completely at ease. It is definitely a much more comfortable and relaxed environment then any other I have experienced at a restaurant of this caliber.
5	Having dinner here is an absolute EVENT!  Don't expect to get to anything else that night, if you are doing dinner right that is.This is not fast food, they give you plenty of time and do not rush service at all.  (I doubt they don more than one turn a night)  And you know what?  It is great!  The food was fantastic, and I highly recommend the aged Manhattan to start out the night.Sit back, relax and enjoy.
5	If you've been reading some of the more negative reviews about Quiessence let me explain some things.  For starters the restaurant is in the middle of a working farm, so the driveway is gravel and the grounds are covered in wood chips.  My wife and I rather enjoyed that, if it's something that's going to wreck your evening then don't come.  The dining area is somewhat cosy, if you're looking for a cavernous area full of shadowy corners this is not it.  Which is not to say you can't have a romantic meal, you just have to be willing to be near your fellow man.  The food was absolutely fantastic, and the wine pairings were superb.  The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and prompt when we needed something.  Here's another point, dinner takes a while, if you're looking to shovel food down your maw and bolt then you're in the wrong restaurant. Courses are served in a laid back fashion, with plenty of time to look deeply into each others eyes and enjoy your wine.  So if you're looking for a nice dinner, in a quaint environment, with a wonderful service staff then Quiessence will suit you just fine.
5	One of the top three meals I've had in recent memory. The food was well presented, restaurant has great ambience and the chef clearly supports the slow-food movement.
3	Unlike my last review, this 3 star grade is a real disappointment.  Listen, I love the Farm at South Mountain Concept, it is beautifully laid out, lush and green, quiet and cool. It looks like a perfect spot for a wedding or a first date picnic. I've been to a gardening class over at Maya's Farm, breakfasts and brunches at Morning Glory Cafe, and this most recent visit for dinner to Quiessence. Two years ago at West of Western I had some amazing sample from Quiessence that has stuck in my mind ever since. Well, clearly the actual food item didn't stick in my mind, but the deliciousness factor made me memorize the name Quiessence. For one of my last big dinners before leaving Phoenix I wanted to finally get there and relive the delicious experience. Certainly I can get behind the concept of local and season foods, sustainable foods, and daily changing menus. I did notice that the menu did not change from Thursday when I looked it up online to Friday when we dined there, but I'm guessing that's typical in the summers. Perhaps they should leave that daily-changing bit out of their advertising. I arrived a little early, as did one of my companions, so we ordered cocktails (Maiden's Prayer and a Manhattan) while we waited. For $12 each I was a little surprised that my cocktail glass was only just over half full. Really. When the rest of the party arrived, a friend and I shared the crab and zucchini salad, which was GORGEOUS, and the server had the order split onto two plates for us without asking. My friend thought it was over-dressed, but I thought the fresh cool flavors and vinaigrette bite were perfect. The protein courses were not really impressive, I have to admit. I chose the salmon (no provenance identified, strangely) which came with fiddlehead ferns and warm cucumbers.  This dish cost $37 and came with approximately 6 ounces of salmon, 4 fiddleheads and a bit of cucumber.  The hit of the night, which was a lukewarm hit to be sure, was hand cut pasta with thick chunks of mushrooms in a light creamy cheese sauce. I thought the flavors were well-balanced and the portion for $24 was significantly more than my dish. My friend said it wasn't the best homemade pasta she'd ever had. All in all, my portion of the bill was $80 including tax and tip. My meal was not worth it, though the scenery and experience was lovely.  It sounds like the Farmer's Feast is a good bet and I would have chosen that, given a do over.
1	This was my first and LAST visit to Quiessence (6-Aug). 1) The power (& AC) shut off several times (approx 8), yet management did nothing to compensate other than an apology after the 1st outage. 2) The $12/$15 PER PERSON price of the 'Chefs Spread APPETIZER' was far too high for the minimal amount of food provided. It took over 20 minutes to arrive ... yet nothing had to be cooked (??). 3) The entrees took over 30 minutes to arrive. 4) In when the bill arrived, they added an automatic 18% gratuity .. for TWO PEOPLE? I've discovered that this standard operating procedure! This is wrong and defeats the purpose of the gratuities. The server have no incentive to provide good service (as was apparent from our long waits). The fact that the gratuity was also charged on the bottle of wine (more on that later) ... deplorable.5) When I look at the bill, I saw the wrong bottle (and a pricier one) was charged to my bill. We had to ask another staff member to get our waitress (who seemed to have forgotten us). She did take change the bottle, but should this have been necessary at the prices charged by Quiessence?6) Yes, I know Quiessence is on a working farm. So, they should reduce their prices to reflect their setting (and poor electrical service). This should include better lighting for the path from the restaurant to the parking areaI am severely disappointed with my dining experience at Quiessence. I had been looking forward to dining there for years. The overpriced appetizers, poor service, non-apologetic management, and the 'slap in your face' automatic 18% gratuity makes me wonder how Quiessence could survive ... especially in this economy. Other similarly-prices restaurants would simply not allow these issues to exist.
5	I was dragged to this place by my wife who has gotten really into trying new places. I had heard some people talk about it but mostly it was complaints about the price, so I had negative feelings about the place to start. Upon arriving all I can say is it's not much to look at from the dirt driveway. But once we entered, we were greeted by several extremely friendly hostesses and waitresses. Hands down the restaurant had a fantastic warming, and inviting feeling about it. We were put at ease and that was good because this is part of its charm. The full experience lasted 3 hours. For dinner we did a full service chef choice thing where they picked for us the wine and food that is perfectly paired. I'm not much on wine but everything seemed to be better w/ the combination. I had no complaints about the food at all. Perfect. When the bill came I had no problem paying the $300 or so because it was well worth it. Taste, portions, service. All A+ on a side note, we went all out and there are a lot of less expensive items on the menu so price is relative to what you order. The Assume service is shared by everyone.
5	I've been here several times and no other restaurant that I have been to in the Phoenix Area has delighted , thrilled and surprised me as much as Quiessence . Each time I've been here we've had different plates that were never the same but always excellent , and I always have something new I never had before and I find that exciting !I recommend you to indulge to select the farmers feast so you get a sampling of much of the days menu that is customized to your liking or needs , also I find it cost less that way also because you are getting 6 COURSES !I started with house pickled and marinated seasonal vegetables with a few cheeses what stood out to me as different was the flavors were Bold but not too much and the salads were very neat and not oily one bit . My husband was served a plate of house made salumi cheeses and a very interesting strawberry wrapped in larding that he said was like butter on a strawberry he also said the house made meats were better than from a special place  we went to in Las Vegas .Second plates were smoked black cod & cucumber salad and also arugula , long beans , pancetta , & duck egg salad . Again both salads were very neat not oily but flavorful .Third plates were house made gnocchetti with peaches and another pasta tortellini with pepperonata , raisins , pine nuts and eggplant . Both were very good but the tortellini was a high point .Fourth courses were Tuna with eggplant , tomato topped with sea beans (very hard to find here I have purchased them before as sea asparagus ) with arugula . This was the most delicious Tuna I ever had .Fifth Plates were Venison with an Antelope terrine with wild huckleberries , and a Beef tenderloin with tiny carrot coins and a tiny baked buttered potato . I note that this Beef was the BEST I ever had anywhere .We shared a plate of assorted mini desserts including something lemon , chocolate , strawberry but the most interesting and exciting one was the Fig Pot de Creme with chocolate shell topped with Candied ROSEMARY topped with a very thin abstract hazelnut cookie standing up . I never knew something like that could taste so good . I've been to other places in the Phoenix Area that were this price range but this is the only one that I enjoyed this much . (so far)Every visit here has never disappointed me and service has always been outstandingUPDATE 11-17-13Since my review the ownership and Chefs have changed .
3	we had heard a lot about their freshness and quality, and was anxious to try it. The grounds were beautiful and the atmosphere was great. Sometimes you need more than just good atmoshphere and ok food . We ordered wine and the first two wines they were out of. It took over half an hour just to get a wine. From the time we sat down till we left it was 3 hrs, i understand casual dining but that is ridiculous. It was an hour just to get the first course, and the restaurant was half full. I thought the appetizers and salads were way over priced. We felt the over all price did not reflect the value of the meal. Most disturbing was the wait staff. For this extensive menu and wine list they were way too inexperienced and needed more training.
3	It was my first time here and I brought some friends. I was really excited about the meal since I've always heard great things about it and thought this would be a great time to try it out during Restaurant Week but that excitement fell by the wayside as the night progressed.Well, the food was "ok". Despite my friend's duck being a bit on the dry side and the soup being served in bowls that were too wide which made them cool off faster than they could be eaten, it was decent.  The ambiance is pleasant and definitely romantic.  Service wise... definitely left room for improvement.1) Some of our dishes were taken while we were still eating.2) On more than one occasion we had to ask for more water.3) When announcing the food the waiters were presenting, some forgot the descriptions. Not a super big deal but if you're going to open your mouth to announce what is in the dish, shouldn't you remember what is in it?4) There was a 30 minute wait between the appetizer and the first course5) The servers chimed into our party's conversation unexpectedly. This is something I'd expect of Dennys, not Quiessence.If you go here for dinner, bring a flashlight for the parking lot and the walk through the courtyard to the restaurant.  An older couple I saw leaving almost couldn't find their way through the courtyard and I was a bit worried one of them might fall.  Considering the rough terrain, you'd think they'd light up the pathway a bit more.
4	We dined at Q for restaurant week on Saturday and really enjoyed our experience. I had never had a fine dining experience beforehand, but this place showed me just how enjoyable such an evening can be.Our server, Trisha, was great. She knew the wine list well and made excellent recommendations. Although we didn't like the first two wines she brought us, she found a gem for the final try and we were impressed with her knowledge and fluidity in handling our preferences.The service was prompt without being overly fast, we had time to enjoy conversation and the courses we ate. I had the Dungeness crab-cucumber salad for the first course and the salmon for the second, and both were great. The onions on the salad could have been more flavorful, especially for being freshly shaved, but otherwise, I had no complaints about the salad. The entire salmon dish was incredible; I had never had huckleberries or lobster mushrooms and the pairing on the plate was great. The plating itself was beautiful and well thought out and really complimented the meal.My friend had the salted cod on bread with pickles for her first course (she said it was great, I thought it was too salty but that's why I didn't order "salted" anything). For her second course, she chose the beef wellington which was simultaneously incredible and a bit of a let down. The meat itself was tender and flavorful, but the crust was too flaky and bland. It did not complement the meat well.Our final course was the flourless chocolate torte with strawberry-something on top. The torte itself was delicious and the plating was gorgeous, but the strawberry-something was forgettable at best and poorly textured at worse. I forgot about the bread! The first thing we got was two different kinds of bread with a very good green butter of some sort (I had a half a bottle of wine so I don't exactly remember every detail!) Ultimately, the food was incredible and  the service experience was more than enough to make me look forward to coming back for the Farmers Feast and wine pairings. I would have liked it if the food presentations were a little bit louder (it was hard to hear most of the people who brought us food except for a tall young man and our server) but otherwise I have no complaints. Trisha took great care of us, making sure we were happy and satisfied and was pleasant but unobtrusive.
3	Negatives: 3 hours for dinner! Automatic 18% for a party of 2, weird extra tax; and, yea I noticed the $$$$ on yelp, but still not expected.  Atmosphere is dull.Positives: Romantic setting.  Excellent rustic elegant food.  Great wine list.
3	Oh Quiessence, why can't you be more reliable?  The location and setting are an amazing urban treasure tucked away at the back of The Farm near South Mountain.  I just wish execution could be more consistent.  Sometimes meals are remarkable and sometimes disappointing, which should not be the case with a restaurant of this caliber. My most recent visit on 12/30 was a bit more in the disappointing category.  We started with an assortment of cheeses which is always a great choice here. The wine list has some great options as well.  I especially appreciate the inclusion of several terrific Arizona wines (Page Springs and Pillsbury to name a couple). Things got even better with the Second course with the finest gnocchi I have ever tasted.  Unfortunately the entrees were much less inspiring. My sausage cacciotore was simply ok and my wife's bass was soupy, salty, and undercooked.  I will definitely be back because I love the property and the service is usually good, but going forward I am seriously considering sticking to wine, cheese, and pasta while skipping the entree course altogether.
4	Intimate ambiance with good farm to table fare. Good presentation and wine pairings. Outdoor area is nice, though as others have pointed out, there's basically no lighting back to the parking lot after dark.
5	so great!  came here with the bf for a nice night out and we both left with full tummies and an unforgetable experience.  we live super close by and we have said we were going to go and finally he surprised me with a night out at Quiessence.  we did the tasting menu, which I HIGHLY suggest.  great way to try everything on the menu and all of it was over the top amazing.  this is such a romantic place, definitely enjoy your dining experience because everything is done to personalize the experience for each guest.  the wine list is great and I cannot wait to go back!!
1	The wait staff kept on telling us that the bread was on its way as it was in the oven after a 1/2 hour the bread comes out wrapped in a napking and it was ice cold stale rolls  (we laughed)
5	This is one of my top five favorite restaurants in Phoenix. The food is made fresh by the chef with lots of natural ingredients from the farm. The atmosphere is relaxed and romantic. The food, the service, the ambiance, it's all worth the somewhat pricey food!
4	Love this place! Great Food, Great Experience! Not for people who are picky eaters but great for Foodies! Only complaint is the price but I'll still go back!
5	We did the Brick Oven Table last night, and it was amazing! I went into the evening with high hopes, but I was prepared for the possibility of disappointment (I have had pretty disappointing experiences at Morning Glory and the Farm Kitchen, so I was worried this might be more of the same) We had a regular reservation with a table inside, but when we arrived we inquired about the Brick Oven Table. The server's eyes lit up and she seemed so genuinely excited for us to have the "Brick Oven Experience" She also told us how excited the chef was to prepare the meal for us.Every course of food was delicious. The presentation was lovely, but simple - a perfect compliment to the setting at Quiessence. We had a party of three, and for a few courses we each received something different which added to the fun.I had just a few minor complaints. Not even complaints really, just opportunities for improvement.1) During the presentation on a few courses the servers forgot part of the spiel about the food. 2) It would have been nice to have a visit from the chef. Yes, I'm sure that he's a busy guy, but there is only one Brick Oven party per evening, and it would have been nice to have had the opportunity for a quick introduction so we could give him our compliments. The meal was pricey, but I felt that the experience and the exceptional food was worth the price.
5	Holy cow this was expensive... However I challenge you to find a more delicious, romantic, date/very special occasion restaurant in Phoenix. Featuring the fresh food of local farms and perfect parings of wine, cheese, meats, greens, sauces, and desserts.
5	Amazing. Romantic!
5	Guys, if you wanna impress your lady, it doesn't get much more tasty or romantic than this.  Went here for Restaurant Week with a gal pal, but knew almost nothing about it.  It was a little hard to find hidden in the back of the farm area.  Once we found it, the ambience immediately blew us away.  A nice cosy cottage tucked back behind the trees, bushes, plants, and grass.  Nice music in the background and a well lit patio.  My friend and I laughed and wished we had brought dates.  Anyways to the food.We got the Restaurant Week menu, but they have a huge 7 course tasty menu if you're game (though a bit pricey at $90).  Our 3 course meal included a cucumber salad with onions, parmesan cheese, and noodles.  It was accompanied by a small smoked salmon bite on a baked chip and covered with basil.  We also got a complimentary pumpkin bread with lemon butter (amazingly good).  Our main dish was a pumpkin squash ravioli with cherries and sausage made from scratch in house (the sausage was delicious and surprisingly light).  The desert was a triple layer chocolate cake with peanut bridle, roasted pear and whipped cream, all of it covered in chocolate sauce.  Not a single complaint about anything on the menu (she was too full to finish dessert so I picked up the slack).  You can really taste the freshness of the fruits and veggies they grow right on the farm and incorporate into the meals.  The service was excellent, though to be fair it was a little slow when we first arrived (I'm a little shocked more people haven't taken advantage of this place during the Restaurant Week discount).  All in all an outstanding first impression from my first trip here.  I plan to come back to try back the rest of the menu (though to be sure I will only go here for special occasions from now on).
5	I love, love this restaurant.  It is charming and relaxing.  I love the fresh. locally grown ingredients.  The service has always been good.  Yes, it is a little expensive.  I think what people sometimes miss is that growing your own produce is much more costly than one may think, particularly when it is organic.  I hope one day to try everything on the menu.  I am about half way there.
2	Quiessence has been a favorite for the better part of the last year, mostly supported by the superb service provided by Brook. We've eaten here with both large and small parties, enjoying the atmosphere and a somewhat refined attempt at farm to table dining. Alas, Brook has now left and we are left to the devices of the kitchen that seems off its game and a wait staff that lacks both in warmth and proficiency. That said, I'll speak for myself for the remainder of this post and let the remainder of my party vote on their own.Our most recent dinner was the worst meal we've eaten here, and seems to be part of a continuing decline of the establishment. While the food has always veered to the side of too salty, the whole meal lacked proper seasoning - either too heavy or too light to be enjoyable.We started with the charcuterie, which was very nice. The chicken pate was excellent and the headcheese was a delightful surprise. The aged gouda was also delightful, with a nice bit of bite. The downfall was a set of crostini that were so heavy in salt and garlic that they overwhelmed the items placed on top of them.Drinks arrived at this time and the manhattan was very nice. That said, the house specialties were a huckleberry highball that lacked flavor and a take on a French 75 that was so bitter it couldn't be consumed. Honestly, aside from the champagne, I'm not sure how the drink even qualified as a French 75? I will take a moment, however, to note that the wine selection here is excellent. The staff knows their bottles and we are always pleased.Next came a kabocha squash soup course that was truly underwhelming. The soup itself was the consistency and flavoring of a pre-packed Trader Joe's product. Being a fan of the Japanese pumpkin, I was hoping for something really special here and it failed. The one highlight was the inclusion of a razz cherry that proposed a nice complement. Moving on, we had a round of appetizers. The smoked duck breast with brussel sprout has and poached duck egg was over salted and the overwhelmed by the duck egg. A highlight was the lobster mushroom pasta, which had a delightful flavor. I would suggest it. The more traditional salads were very nice.On to entrees. I cannot lie, this entire course was a terrible miss. I ordered some goat that was entirely inedible. I've only had goat in more ethnic preparations and was interested to see what was going to be plated. It was salty, stringy, fatty, and I could not eat it. The white beans served on the side were nice, and the mash next to it was unremarkable. The opah that was plated was also a serious miss. It was salted to the point of being inedible and the texture was off. I've known this to be a more delicate flavor that I experienced last night and I question the freshness of the product. We also tried a gnocchi as part of this course, which was on par with something i'd expect from an Olive Garden. The flavors were terribly heavy and the texture of the sauce was 'goopey." We finished with a desert course, Honestly, at this point the table was so exhausted that we weren't sure we even wanted to sit for the course. It was a delightful surprise. The bread pudding was exceptional. The deconstructed s'more was fun and delightful. This was the highlight of the meal and we closed on a light note. In short, for the price I expect more and am disappointed by the trend I'm seeing. I hope to see the service warm again and the kitchen come back to what we initially experienced. For the money, I'd send you to Kai.
2	Disappointing Thanksgiving.Expecting our first baby in a month, my boyfriend and I decided to splurge and let somebody else do the Thanksgiving cooking for us. I chose Quiessence based on a recommendation in the Phoenix New Times and from all of the great things I've heard about The Farm in general. There were three sittings available: 1:00pm, 3:30pm, and 6:00- each 2 and a half hours apart (plenty of time to sit, eat, and go.. we thought).We arrive at 3:15 to find every table still occupied from the 1:00 sitting, most patrons still eating, not even just kicking back and hanging out. We "checked in" at the hostess stand and stood there awkwardly until she said "we can't start seating until 3:30". There was no mention of where we should go in the meantime, if there was somewhere to get refreshments, or how we should expect to be contacted when seating began. (Keep in mind, I'm very pregnant, thirsty, and not interested in hovering around the hostess stand haha).Once 3:30 rolls around, we notice there is a line of at least 20 people waiting at the hostess stand. Turns out they are going to be seated in the order in which they are hovering. Arriving early/on time/checking in was an unnecessary step and you would be given whichever table was left once you reached the front. What seemed like the manager was now at the hostess stand, literally SWEATING and visibly pissed off. He was barking orders at the wait staff, making it quite obvious that things were not going as expected.We lucked out and got a great table outside. We were seated by the hostess who asked which type of water we wanted and said she'd be right back. Ten minutes later, we get water in two different shaped glasses because, as she explained, "we are trying to get caught up on dishes from the first sitting, we ran out of glasses." Cute, Quiessence.A few minutes later our server arrives to take our supplemental drink order. At this point we could've ordered our food too (considering there were only a handful of options for the special menu), but we could tell they were trying to make things special and not rush us. When our drinks came, we ordered all 3 courses. The first one (salad) arrived 5 minutes later! Things are picking up, right?Meanwhile, we notice that all around us are the grumpiest patron's faces we'd ever seen. The restaurant was setting up new tables, shuffling people around, and taking food to the wrong places while we are eating and other tables are barely getting their mismatched water glasses. Ugh. Not the happy Thanksgiving vibe we were looking for.The cocktails were spectacular! I got a virgin egg nog drink and the bf got a ginger margarita. A+The salad was just eh. Mixed greens, beets, cheddar shreds, apples, and a vague vinaigrette. My main (turkey) was dry and oddly shaped. It certainly did not look like it was carved from any turkey I'm familiar with. The slices were small and oblong, ringed with fat, and sort of dense and tough. There was also dark meat that actually looked real! It was very tender and swimming in gravy. The bf got Venison and said it was good, albeit half the size as my entree.The savior were the sides: creamed greens, roasted brown-sugar carrots, whipped potatoes, and stuffing.Unfortunately, the stuffing was dry and salty, we each stopped at one forkfull. The veggies were delicious, and the whipped potatoes were AMAZING. So good we got seconds!Dessert choices were homemade pumpkin pie and apple crisp. Naturally, we got one of each to share. The pumpkin pie was flavorful and delicious. The apple crisp was a bowl full of warm apples, gooey sauce, and vanilla ice cream on top... no crisp to be found. I suppose if crisp sits in goo long enough, it disappears. Flavor was good though, and was about twice the size of my pie slice. Our "epic" last Thanksgiving as a couple cost us $65/person plus tax and tip. It was awkward, uncomfortable, and left us wishing we had crashed somebody else's family Thanksgiving instead. To recap: PROs: Cocktails, ambiance, whipped potatoes, and our server. I can't speak for the other servers, but ours was working hard for her money.CONs: Terrible planning on behalf of the restaurant. Unprofessional slapping together of tables, clearing dishes, running out of dishes, little thought put into pre-seating arrangements and checking in process. Dry turkey and underwhelming (typically easy to make) Thanksgiving staples. Something was clearly out of sorts this day, too bad it was such a special one for so many families. I thought "maybe this is their first go at it and they're working out the kinks", but no, turns out they've been doing Thanksgiving for years. Instead of making a great new Thanksgiving memory and/or tradition, we got a headache and a wallet ache. Thanks but no thanks Quiessence, we won't be back.
5	My husband and I got married on the Farm and came back to eat at Quiessence for our anniversary. It was slow (Tuesday night) where although there's not much for the servers to do, you sort of expect them not to push it because there's really no show that night, but they were top-notch. They even brought us celebratory champagne and dessert with a happy anniversary message.The best part was that the food was pretty amazing. I had the halibut in brown butter tarragon sauce with heirloom cauliflower that was the most scrumptious vegetable I've eaten in a long time - maybe ever. Delicious! We'll be back!
5	Chef LaPrad,Moved, I always have been moved by the food you have prepared. I have had more fine dining experiences than average, I have tasted amazing food in my life. When I sit back and think of all the epic dishes I have experienced, the vast majority were made by you.For nine years I have chosen your restaurant  and you have consistently delivered the sublime. Your art is why I come to Quiessence to celebrate sacred moments in my life.I look forward to many more years sharing my most personal moments with you and your staff.Thank you for pursuing your passion in Arizona, Thank you for enriching my life and marriage.Dr. McCarthy
3	This is a charming place, off the beaten path, on what appears to be a large grassy yard/farm. DONT wear high heels, you might break a leg.  The food was overall good, but I wasnt THAT impressed. Our waiter was knowledgable but a little thrown off as he was training some young gal that appeared to have never waitressed before-  He seemed irritated. We started with the charcuterie plate...it was ok, but headcheese on toast points and pickled onions wasnt my cup pf tea. My friend ordered a salad but it never came and our waiter suggested it would have been too much food anyway, lol! I had roasted squab with carrot puree and my friend had beet ravioli. Both were good,nothing special. The goatcheese & pear tart was delicious, the chocolate cake/beet mousse was not. The front sunroom part of this restaurant, although has a nice window view, was very loud. Love the idea of a fresh daily menu and perhaps we arrived on an "off" day...but for $250 (2), I expected more.
3	My wife and I celebrated our anniversary here recently on a Saturday evening. We have been eyeing Quiessence for quite some time as we enjoy the type of fare it serves - fresh, from the farm, etc. We are big gardeners with our own 'mini-farm' in our backyard. We're also vegetarian, so, we were pleased to see the Tasting Menu ($89), offered a vegetarian option. Overall, I would say Quiessence is 'A-OK,' as yelp puts it (a star rating of 3). I expected it to be a 5-Star amazing experience, but, it just wasn't. And for two with tip, we spent $350 on two tasting dinners and one bottle of wine. Granted, the wine was $80 for the bottle, however, the overall experience was not worthy of the price.Why? First, we were sat in the back room. Compared to the middle room or the front room (or in warmer weather - the front lawn), the back room overlooked a gravel pathway, some trees with unlit twinkle lights and a line of trees. We arrived as the sun was setting so I thought, "it'll be nice once the sun sets and they turn on the twinkle lights on the large trees outside the window." Nope, the lights never came on. Instead, I was able to look at the employee parking lot with cars directly parked outside the windows. Again, not a $350 for two view if you ask me. You'd think that at that price point, they'd make it a point to add to the ambience with the lights on the trees and keeping the employee parking away from five feet from the back dining room. It should be noted that I am the type of person that doesn't mind paying for great experiences and food. The service was fantastic. Our server was knowledgeable, attentive yet not overbearing. She was able to make suggestions knowing we were vegetarian and made great wine suggestions based on our wine taste preferences.The food. Delicious for the most part. We are big soup people - making our own soups nearly every weekend from scratch. We know good soup and appreciate when it's stellar. The asparagus soup that we were served excited us because we both love asparagus. It was served very fancily - poured over mushrooms from a carafe into the bowl. We both anticipated it to be amazing but instead we were blasted with one taste - SALT! It was so, so, so salty. So salty my wife and I wouldn't finish it. It's almost like whatever sous chef made it accidentally dropped an entire canister of salt in it and thought, "meh, whatever."One of the best courses of the evening was the 'From The Ground' plate, featuring root plants and purees made from root plants (carrots, radishes, sunchokes). So amazing. Plated beautifully. Everything, in fact, was plated beautifully.Dessert was also pretty good - not overly sweet and sugary. A bonus was a 'Happy Anniversary' plate of additional small desserts with the 'Happy Anniversary' written in chocolate across the plate.Perhaps our expectations were too high, but, this is one of those places where you expect greatness and want to leave with those expectations being blown away. Sadly they were not.
5	This might be the most romantic place to have dinner in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.Set back in the Farm at South Mountain, my girlfriend and I dined outside and it felt like we had made a weekend trip out to Napa.  We even heard a pack of coyotes "yelping" towards the end of our night - it was a really wonderful experience.As far as food goes, we tried the "Farmer's Feast" - a chef selected tasting menu w/ a wine course - and the ingredients were extremely fresh and every course tasted better than the previous.  The menu is seasonal and is constantly changing; but the pate, and halibut with pancetta stuck out above the rest.  Each wine was paired perfectly for each course.This place is expensive, but you get what you pay for.  Highly Recommended.
5	Update: The restaurant has undergone a complete revamping of staff and menu, so the following is a review of the old establishment. I'll try the new one soon and am praying it's still great, but it's now related to House at Secret Garden, which has taken  a serious downturn into mediocrity the last couple times I visited. Each year I spend March in Phoenix, and I've long wanted to try Quiessence. This year I stayed at the Legacy Golf Resort just next door to the Farm . . .so I had no excuse, and I have not been disappointed. After reading several reviews here, I decided to wait until I'd visited a few times to offer my opinions. I must say that the experience, from food to service to creativity and ambiance, have been spectacular. I now have had four meals at Quiessence, and the staff has made me feel very much at home. Each time I've had the vegetable plate 'From the Ground,' and each time it's been a different combination of flavors and textures straight from the garden, plated beautifully to the point of taking out the IPhone for a photo before devouring. The pasta dishes are worth pointing out...they change almost daily, and they've always been creative and delicious. Also, don't shy from the duck egg preparations. Last week an egg-en-cocotte was divine, and last night's soft scrambled duck egg with black truffles was plate-lickingly good. The staff has shockingly turned me on to Arizona wines, something I would never have ventured into blindly. The Sand Reckoner 7 was so good that I found some at a local store to take East with me to offer up as a ringer in an upcoming blind syrah tasting in New Jersey.Call in advance to secure a table in the main room or outside...the back room is not nearly as romantic. Once I sat alone at the community table overlooking the bar, which was fine for that occasion, as I got to know another couple and we had a delightful time together.Yes, it's expensive, and if you're looking for a slab of grilled meat or chunk of lasagna, don't waste your time or money. But if you appreciate a singularly romantic setting, perfect service, culinary creativity and fresh preparation, you won't be disappointed. Each visit has brought a smile to my face and a yearning to return.
5	Fantastic food, location, and ambiance. I love the trees that line the drive as you enter the farm. They set the stage for an amazing night. My meal started with the smoked trout which was divine. My mouth is watering just remembering. My meal was the gnocchi and it was top notch with fantastic flavor. Overall a wonderful dining experience. I can't wait to go back. I would eat that same meal over and over again!
3	I brought my mom here when she was in town because I heard they featured a great testing menu. The location is a bit off the beaten path, driving through the city I couldn't believe there was a farm nearby. It being a farm there were some bugs buzzing around. It was a great atmosphere and the pricing was appropriate. We had a reservation and were promptly seated upon arrival. The service was good, attentive but not overbearing. On addition the servers were knowledgeable about the dishes which was great. Overall the food was good, the tasting menu had the perfect amount of courses. The two standout dishes (best and worst)  were beet ravioli and the dessert: chocolate fondant cake. The ravioli was my least favorite. The flavor was just off, I was excited about it because I love beets, but it didn't work. The dessert in contrast was amazing. Perfect way to end the meal. The cake was cooked to perfection and the ice cream was a great highlight on the plate. Overall I'd return here. It wasn't the best meal I've ever had, but I'd say top 30.
3	My husband and I wanted to eat at all of Phoenix's top 10 restaurants where Quiessence is named. Our table was perfect in the front porch after we asked to move from the back room. After delicious starters of fresh salad and soup, we were disappointed with the main entrees. My husband ordered the pork tenderloin -no complaints. However, my scallops were so over salted, they were non edible. The only other entree choice was chicken (I don't eat pork). Chicken was ok, but I never order chicken out, especially paying $40!  Good service, but we won't be back.
1	Don't bother unless you have loads of money to blow for very little to show. The waiter was pompous and talked us into a tasting menu with several courses and wine. Each portion was the size of an hors d'oeuvre and just fairly mediocre. When the desert course (90 min into dinner) came we were already talking about what we would stop to get for food on the way home because we were still hungry. $300+ later we felt not only incredibly disappointed but hoodwinked. NEVER EVER AGAIN!!
4	(unfinished post) My husband and I went to Quiessence Restaurant for the first and, sadly, last time since it was the last night of service in its current iteration with Chef & Restaurateur Gregory LaPrad, Executive Chef Anthony Andiario, and Sous Chef Stevan Kosanovich. The entrance and atmosphere was rustic, ringing true of its location on a farm - Farm at South Mountain. Once welcomed and seated, we were impressed by the intimate ambiance and the impeccable service. Wine list was extensive, and the Farmhouse Cocktails I selected - Gin Giardino - was excellent. We ordered the Tasting Menu since it seemed to be the only option we had. The seven course were from heavenly to good --- consistently above average. Too numerous to count and comment on the offerings; just enjoying the pleasurable ride. Quiessence will be missed!
1	This was horrible. The service was really bad. We didn't have our meal. Ie never came because we left...took over two hours to get appetizer. Horrible.never go
5	My wife and I had a nice date here on 11/31/2013 for dinner.  We ordered the following:SMOKED VENISONCARPACCIOROASTED CAULIFLOWERSOUPBRICK OVEN BRAISED NEIGHBORHOOD LAMBThe food was very good.  It almost reminded me of Southern Farmhouse French style.  My wife especially liked the lamb (both my wife and I ordered lamb as the main dish).  The venison carpaccio was very good.The roasted cauliflower soup, was not exactly available on 11/31/2013.  Instead it was substituted with a seafood chowder.  Regardless, it was still good.  I would go back there again.  I do not know what I would order the next time though.  It is my hope that the restaurant periodically changes around the menu based upon what is seasonal and fresh.
5	I had dinner at Quiessence last night with a group of co-workers and it was amazing!!  I had been there a few times before they re-opened, and I have to say it's even better than it was before. If you had been there before (and loved it or hated it) give it another try with the new chef, and I promise it won't disappoint. From the cocktails (I recommend the grapefruit one with the fennel!), to the food and service, everything was great.  Since we had a larger group we ordered almost all of the starters and had no complaints, but the pastas and maya's forged garden were to die for.  I didn't try it but everyone was raving about the bone marrow luge as well. For my entree I had the pork chop, and I really think it may have been the best pork chop I have ever had.  It was a good sized portion as well, I definitely recommend it.  We were stuffed after dinner but couldn't pass up on the desserts.  The lemon tart was definitely a favorite!  Overall, it was a great dinner and I will definitely be back!!
5	Fantastic experience all around! My husband made reservations here and the food was great, service was stellar, just a wonderful experience. Definitely different than most restaurants but the change was awesome.
2	We went last night for a special tasting dinner, and it was a disappointment.  The service was poor (the wait staff did not seem to be well-trained); the individual dishes served were generally good, certainly fresh, but there was insufficient thought given to what went with what.  In all other restaurants we have ever been in, a tasting dinner has been served in small dishes so that everyone can share.  At Quiessence, they were served on normal dishes, but only one of each for the two of us.  Very awkward -- for example, how do you share a bowl of soup without it getting cold for one person or the other?  The main dishes were both pasta and meat dishes, but they were so different that it was a jarring taste experience to have a bit of one followed by a completely unrelated taste of another.
1	POTENTIAL VALENTINES DAY DINERS BEWARE. I made a reservation at this restaurant on the 19 of January for Valentines Day dinner with my girlfriend. I received a confirmation e-mail saying that everything was all set and my reservation was good. Today I received a call from the restaurant saying that my reservation would be canceled unless I gave my credit card information over the phone. I didn't feel comfortable doing so and now my reservation is cancelled 2 weeks away from Valentines Day. I'm in the military and my girlfriend is from my home state. I get to see her maybe once every couple months. I just wanted to go somewhere she'd really like, now I'm kind of SOL. Very frustrated...
5	My husband and I came here for a date night and we were hugely impressed. Everything was exceptional, from the service, the food and the ambiance. The server was intelligent, friendly and very knowledgeable. Thee food was organic, fresh and full of flavor. I had wine, lamb, salad and desert and everything was delicious!
3	We took a chance for our Valentine's dinner and although we had fun we were a little disappointed. They had a set menu for the holiday and an optional wine pairing. We loved the idea of a farm-to-table meal. We have been getting the Chow Locally farm boxes and were excited for some creativity and inspiration. The restaurant was hard to find in the dark and we almost inadvertently crashed a wedding. A few strategic landscaping lights would have helped. When we approached the hostess station, we were five minutes early and the hostess made a comment about us being early, the waitress having another table and we might not be taken care of right away. Then she greeted the people standing behind us who were meeting another couple. For a moment, it appeared as though she was going to seat the four of us together but another staff member cleared up the confusion and told us our waitress was able to handle us. We were seated in the back room adjacent to the patio. It smelled kind of mildewy like a cottage or cabin and the windows were dirty with tape residue on them. There were no fresh flowers on the table which seemed like a no brainer for a farm at Valentine's Day. We also saw no use of potted herbs or produce in the decor such as what True Foods does. (This may seem nit picky but for the price of this meal, details are important.) Overall, the decor was mediocre not what you'd expect for a $300 meal for two.We chose opposite options for each of the 3 courses and I added the wine pairings which were delicious. I appreciated the deeper pours I got compared to the table next to us. The food was really good but not over the top. We were expecting T. Cooks or Binkley's quality and creativity but Quiessence fell short. They missed on service details as well such as giving us each other's courses every single time, not combing the crumbs off the table and not replacing cleared flat wear we still needed. With a surprise "house rule" 20% gratuity at the end, we were a little salty about the service experience. We see potential but Quiessence should take a look at the competition.
1	One of the rare times Yelp reviews completely mislead us! Key reasons for this EPIC FAIL for Valentine's Dinner. 1. Food was not worth the price. 2. Server failed to disclose the very expensive price of a bottle of wine that was not listed on the menu 3. Service was slow 4. Ambiance was unusualMy husband and I went to Quiessence for Valentine's on Thursday the 13th and ordered the prefix menu for $80 per person. I waited at the table by myself for the first hour because my husband was coming straight from the airport and his flight was unexpectedly delayed. I didn't mind this at all especially because I could catch up on some emails while enjoying some much needed wine and quiet time (3 babies at home - don't get out much=). I asked the server a few questions about what she recommended for sweet wines and she suggested a bottle that was normally a special and not listed on the menu. I liked it a lot and the manager approved the sale however she did not tell me the price. I didn't ask because of all the sweet wines we were considering the most expensive one was about $48/bottle. I wouldn't assume that the bottle I got would be much more and if so, the server would tell me. Um no! It was $77!!!!! I was so frustrated and over this place when I got the bill, I just paid it and left as soon as I could. Regarding the food; it was a 4 course meal, all of which was mediocre. The appetizer of prosciutto and brie was good but small and must of had a food cost of cents! The soup and salad was the same level of quality (squash soup and kale salad). Nothing special. The pork shank entree was the best part of the meal but not worth $80 to have 1 good dish of 7. The salmon was small and bland. Again nothing to write home about. The dessert was a variety of different sweets, all of which were frozen. Talk about mass produced and definitely not made to order. We also didn't get the bread until after our soup/salad which we must of asked for 3 times. (Sidenote: it would of been nice of her to also offer bread while I was waiting for my husband).With a bill of $310 I wish we would of stuck to our normal ruth's chris or capital grille. Never ever will I go to Quiessence again or recommend it. This is sad to me because my husband and I work in an industry where we host high profile clients for lunch and dinner on a daily basis and finding gems in Phoenix is rare. Regarding ambiance; I used to live in Japan and it reminded me a lot of old alley restaurants you find there where people turn old houses into restaurants. We were sitting on a patio in the corner with an old school window AC unit and dirt backyard. So weird and definitely not romantic.
5	Quiessence at the FarmMy wife and I share the same birthday, which is good for me, as I don't have to try to remember when it is. I have done a tasting or sampling menu before and wanted to do this again for my wife's birthday. What a nice place to eat. I made a call in the morning to check on the reservation and dress code in any. Dress code basically is business casual. Nice pair of pants and sports shirt and you are fine. I told them it was our birthday and we wanted a quite place to sit and talk. The person on the phone suggested the patio. This would be outside and since the reservation was for 6:00pm and it has been a warm week in Phoenix, I felt it would be fine, and it was a great choice. Hope you noticed I patted my self on the back. I will need that soon. We were met by our waiter James and shown to our table. We were at least 12 feet from the next occupied table. They may of heard us talking but I never knew they were there. James was an excellent waiter. Enough contact but did not over do it as it happens at times. The servers that brought the food made the experience special. They told us what we were getting, how it was prepared and suggestions on how it might be enjoyed. I wish I knew their names, they are to be commended. Both of enjoyed our 2 hour meal, with plenty of time to talk between courses. I will definitely be back to see them.Now I need to rate myself. I have to give myself 2 stars. One reason I chose this restaurant was because they had a tasting menu and wanted my wife to have this experience. I am AADD and when I get something in my mind I just forge ahead blindly. My mistake was I had not read the tasting menu. If I had I would of noticed the raw fish and oysters. I am fine with raw fish and oysters but my wife is not. This meant there was one course she did not get to participate. It was her birthday also. She was so good about this and did not say anything except enjoy these are yours. We did have a delightful night eating and talking. Something I would enjoy again.....but first I would read the menu!There was 6 full courses to the meal with of a total of 19 different items to taste. I many of missed counting an item or two. With the exception of the amuse-bouche there was plenty of each item for both of us to have a good taste. We had a wonderful night and I do not hesitate to recommend Quiessence.
4	This place is quite an experience.Food wise would be 2.5 stars (specially because of the price tag) but the place and service made up for 1.5 more :)The service is amazing and the place is beautiful. There were two weddings and it looked like a lot of fun (for the guests, obviously, the groom and bride will regret that day for sure :)I had the tasting menu. It was good but not memorable, especially because it's not that cheap. There were a mix of good and average dishes. The cheese board, fish and desert were the best.I'll go back for sure and will also try their brunch next door.Cheers
5	The most romantic restaurant in Phoenix.
5	I went here with my girlfriend when she was in town and it was great. The atmosphere was great, very quiet and James our waiter knew the menu inside and out. Coming from NYC I was expecting an expensive night with very little food, but we were both pleasantly surprised. My girlfriend got the duck and I got Gnocchi. You're definitely paying for the atmosphere but the food is great too. Great place for a date. In terms of dress-code I wore shorts and a collared shirt.
5	The food is amazing, the service is perfect, and the atmosphere is so romantic and beautiful! I ordered the duck and my boyfriend ordered the lamb, we both assumed that because of how nice the restaurant was the portions would be small but they give you so much food we were not able to finish our plates! I highly suggest going, it is a bit pricey but it is well worth it!
5	Quite a lovely place.  The food here is art.  I will be back
5	Everything from beginning to end was wonderful. The lamb belly was beautifully done. The risotto with saffron was delicious. The locally grown organic vegetables from Maya's Farm tasted like how vegetables should taste - juicy tomatoes, fresh cucumber, scrumptious squash blossoms. If all veggies tasted this good, I'd eat them at every meal. The service was timed perfectly and they were very knowledgeable about the menu and wine list. The ambiance is simple, but rustically romantic. Beautiful, perfect, evening.
1	Extremely slow service. It took over 3 hours for the tasting menu. We were all served different dishes - we were confused by the presentation as my experience had always been that you get to taste everything. It was an unfortunate experience.
3	Beautiful setting- on a farm and the property itself is very nice. Service was pleasant but a bit slow. The food was good, but very pricey and the wine list was Arizona-centric with very few from other wine regions of the world. I've noticed that in the few upscale Arizona restaurants I have been to, they really emphasize local wines, while being from NY- I hardly see NY wines on NY/NYC restaurant wine lists...hmmmm, interesting. Anyway, my beef tartare was very good, though it was served with pickled veggies and two small cubes of (blue?) cheese which I felt were unnecessary and didn't belong...yet I hardly got any toast to put my tartare on, only two small pieces. My enree of bone-in pork belly was interesting and tasty, but way too fatty even for pork belly. Again, very pricey here- entrees average upper $30's/ low $40's...and I feel it is worth it as a one-time thing for a special occasion, but not a standout experience.
4	I went here with my parents to celebrate my and my mom's birthdays. My parents are foodies and I have the palette of a five year-old so picking restaurants is challenging at times. We'd never been there before and navigating the farm in the dark was a bit of an adventure. The food, the service, and the ambiance of this restaurant are top notch.  The food was good but a little too foo-foo for me. My parents loved it.
5	Amazing most spectacular and romantic eating experience ever! We sat at the special fireplace table and were served an 8 course meal of amazing culinary artistry! The Himalayan salt block dishes were the coolest! My favorite dish out of all 8 courses was a tie between the appetizer plate that had all kinds of fun cheeses, olives, meats and fruits on it and the other equally favorite dish was the salt block with a sushi type dish on it! But all of it was amazing!!
4	Very good, outdoor seating is very nice!
4	I wouldn't say this is exactly my kind of place but the food was good enough to give it four stars.  If you've ever seen Portlandia with the episode where the diners have to know about the chicken's life before they eat it, this is a version of that.  There is a full description of each vegetable's existence before being placed on your plate.  It also was a bit of the "I will have to speak with chef to see if chef will allow you to have olive oil on the table." mindset.Ok, those are the negatives.  The positives are that the food really was delicious.  I loved the creamy Oregon blue cheese dressing with my beets.  In fact we all really enjoyed our meals.  My New York steak was very tasty but a little too clean, too free of oil/grease that is so wonderful with a nice steak.  Desert as well was really yummy.  We also loved one of our waiters who was so kind to speak with us about Arizona wines that I assumed were all atrocious and he corrected me on that.  Our other waiter that evening was a bit too cold and snobbish.Therefore, if you fancy yourself a gourmand, you gain nutrition from the spirituality of the cosmos and you catch flies alive in your house and gently free them outside while whispering, "Fly little creature fly" then this is your place.  If, instead, you like to scream at the Minnesota Vikings for losing another idiotic game to the Bears while chomping on the finest ingredient filled delectable pizza then this is not your game.
4	We did the Chef's tasting menu - some items were outstanding, some were good but nothing special. The service was great and the sommelier is extremely knowledgable but it did take us almost an hour to go from sitting at our table to getting the first cheese course. I'd probably come back here, but I wasn't blown away to say I need to come back.
