1	Dear Phoenix,The psychiatrist called and you are certifiably insane.Why are you as crazy as a coconut? The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.Arizona Center? Entire second-story "food court" is now offices. Huge turnover in retail tenants. Nothing faces the street. FAIL.Mercado? Does anyone even know what businesses were originally here? FAIL.Collier Center? Never built out in its entirety. Number of businesses are not easily accessible from street. FAIL.CityScape? Ginormous blank wall facing street. Pedestrian skyway allows people to "leave" Phoenix streets for "safety" of "mall-like atmosphere." Probably going to FAIL.Downtown Phoenix will thrive when planners FINALLY realize that a great downtown consists of vibrant street life, one-of-a-kind retail/eateries/bars/entertainment venues (housed in equally unique physical spaces) and - most important of all - the overarching creation of the kind of all encompassing urban environment whereby pedestrians are free to get lost, explore and feel enchanted by the spaces surrounding them. CityScape, unfortunately, fails to help Phoenix achieve a single one of the aforementioned elements of a great downtown or, excuse my thievery, cityscape.Why do you even call this massive development CityScape from the start? I mean, isn't a cityscape supposed to be the sum total of the city's built environment? Here, it looks like CityScape (I hope you're paying attention to my purposeful capitalization) is simply attempting to be a cartoon of a cityscape.Your treatment plan: take two Prozacs (make sure to buy them at the exciting, new CVS drugstore), and then - when you're in a more stable frame of mind - figure out how to get some amazing, interesting, unique, totally cool, only-in-Phoenix, Phoenician tenants to occupy the beautiful Luhrs buildings across the street from your latest architectural and urban planning disaster.Get well soon,Sanity
1	Too early to write a review? Perhaps I will have a change of heart after the grand opening but I'm not holding my breath.I've really tried to embrace downtown Phoenix as an urban area but it has truly been difficult.  If Cityscape just had one tall highrise (60+ floors), it would have given it such a different feel.  Or something that would have given Phoenix a landmark that signifies that it's truly a city.  This was Phoenix's chance to really be known as the 5th largest urban city; however, it just continues to be a spread of suburbia.  The same chain restaurants and retail shops (i.e. CVS, PF Changs, AJ's, Five Guys Burger, etc.) and high end boutiques that are supposedly going to be opening in Cityscape. . . aren't we getting bored of this?  In fact, Cityscape reminded me of Cherry Creek area in Denver . . . nice development and appropriately situated in the suburbs.  Cherry Creek did not make it as their downtown, so why are we?I wished Cityscape would have been a downtown area that could have shown off Phoenix in a new light of excitement, diversity, uniqueness, and character.  Maybe someday, but not through Cityscape.
1	After a few visits to CityScape, Phoenix's supposedly 'exciting urban infill' development, i must say it is even worse that I expected.  Far from being an authentic urban development that takes into account the surrounding urban fabric, it is yet another suburban development dropped on our city's downtown core.  I guess I was naive to expect anything different from a project conceived in a Scottsdale business park.Some observations:* CityScape's idea of urban form is to place a large-scale suburban pharmacy on one corner of the development and an elevator lobby on another corner. So much for encouraging an active street life or pedestrian activity downtown.* The supposed 'park' to replace the publicly owned Patriots Park, is not really a park, but an outdoor arcade on private property surrounded by buildings. Basically, this 'park' is designed for the office dwellers and patrons of the complex, NOT the citizens and residents of downtown Phoenix.  * While I don't have a problem with Oakville Grocery per se (especially if it keeps its promise to stock locally produced goods), I do take issue with is the conceit that it is a 'grocery store' that will meet the needs of downtown residents.  There is only so much demand for handmade cheeses and gourmet sandwiches in downtown (and besides the Phoenix Public Market already offers these items and more.)CityScape represents yet another failed attempt to revitalize downtown. It is basically a morphing of downtown's last two failed 'urban infill' attempts:  Collier Center and Arizona Center. Both these were supposed to enhance downtown's urban fabric. Both failed miserably at this goal.The various civic 'leaders' who continue to push such misguided projects need to wake up. Instead of facilitating a downtown that ALL residents can enjoy, they have continued on the futile quest to keep suburbanites and tourists downtown after ball games or conventions by creating a suburban haven in the middle of the city.These so-called leaders need to realize that what's needed downtown isn't foisting another new mega-project on us.  Rather, we as a broad-based community need to radically rethink how we approach development. Until that happen, Phoenix will never realize the potential of being 'Arizona's Urban Heart."Developments such as Cityscape don't take us closer to a true downtown; they move us further away.  In Phoenix's desperate attempt to attract suburban tourists, downtown is morphing into a suburb itself.
4	I'm hopeful.  As more retailers and restaurants open this area has great potential.  I live and work downtown and have already found the CVS very convenient and I have found a few great items at some of the clothing stores here. I can see it earning an extra star from me once more eateries open.
2	These 2 stars come after partaking in the Grand Opening Festivities on both Thursday and Saturday. I couldn't believe that they scheduled the Grand Opening on a 1st Friday weekend first off; as that makes it look as though the organizers of the event lacked confidence in the attendance for this event. They rushed the grand opening (even though Thursdays samplings of local restaurant served up some tasty treats!) despite the fact that half of the complex and most of the venues are slate to open at a later date. I did like the stage in the street set up, it made me feel like i was in NYC at a street fair. A weird concept was having 7 bars and 1 food vendor on Saturday (WTF? I like to drink with the rest of them, but come on!) we tried to patronize the new burger spot, but the line was insane (and waiting 1 hour for a $15/person burger meal was not an option) I must say the best part about the City Scape project by Red Development is the use of the upstairs plaza. They created a lounge feel; outside. It has an urban feel to it (finally something in Phoenix feels urban!) The funniest part of the City Scape is the signage they have near the fountain pad; which states that you must shower before you enter the fountains and lists boils & open wounds while referring to those that should not enter the fountains, oh yeah if your incontinent you have a special rule written just for you! I'll be looking forward to free music every Friday though, I just hope they do something about the food situation, cuz a girls gotta eat!On Thursday I tasted Food Samples by:1130 (AZ Center) - Chicken Alfredo=tasty, chicken cooked to perfectionVitamin T (City Scape/coming soon) - Steak taco with guacamole and a delicious salsaPhoenix Convention Center (Duh)- Delicious steak cubes (med rare thank you=thanks for the 3 cubes chef!) one with their salsa and 2 plain  plus a delicious mini shrimp cocktail served in the most darling carved out little bamboo cupsCooperstown (Behind US Airways Arena on Jackson) - Spicy chicken Alfredo which was very tasty and cooked to perfectionHooters (AZ Center) - Mediocre hot wings served in a sweet spicy sauceSam's Cafe (AZ Center) - Big & delicious crab cake served with crispy carrots and a delicious sauce plus the chef gave me several White Chocolate tamales YUMMY!I also had a delicious pumpkin pie ice cream, vanilla ice cream which had specs of vanilla, and a cotton candy ice cream which tasted rather deo! Sadly though only 1 of the restaurants from the City Scape (which wasn't even open) participated in the event. Which in my opinion was a rather big faux pas; because one little taste of delicious food isn't enough. As a business owner you should know that  when people taste your food and like it; they are more likely to patronize your business right then and there! I'm looking forward to what is still to come of the City Scape, but I only hope that the marketing team takes a bigger look at what the city is really trying to accomplish with this space=added patrons of downtown Phoenix, not stealing the patrons of the 20+ year event the entire nation knows as 1st Friday. There are plenty other days and weekends to choose from for parties and celebrations of the Urban city Phoenix is trying to grow into.
5	My wife and I are planning to move from the northside/Desert Ridge area to Downtown Phoenix and this is exactly what we love about downtown! Awesome place to enjoy life! Music, food, fountains, festivities, architecture, pedalcabs, street vendors, art and the fine people we meet every time we come here. We love Phoenix and CityScape!
1	I've been to CityScape three times in the past month and have yet to experience anything remotely worth praising.The first time I went was with my girlfriend to check out the Lucky Strike bowling alley for the monthly mixer Radiate PHX. I had already heard about the alley's dress code, but I don't wear baggy clothes, sweat pants or sports logos so that wasn't a big deal. The problem we had was finding the entrance!After parking in the underground garage we took the closest set of stairs up to the plaza/mall/courtyard. We ended up on the North side facing Washington, just next to the new art/bent-paper-clip sculpture. Knowing in advanced that Lucky Strike was on the Southwest corner, we walked down 1st Ave to where the CVS drug store is located. We could clearly see the Lucky Strike signage, but not the entrance.In what was hilariously reminiscent of a scene from 'This Is Spinal Tap', we spent the next 5 minutes trying every door, hallway, elevator and stairwell trying to figure out how to get into the place. Turns out there is no way to enter the 2nd floor from Jefferson! Whisky Tango Foxtrot?I'm a big fan of architecture (no, seriously: Last year I went to New York just to go on a walking tour with Taliesin students, I have dreams about Calatrava's work, I consider Will Bruder, Frank Henry & Michael P. Johnson my hometown heroes) so of course I started to really analyze CityScape. After a few minutes I could see that place has no distinction and was not built to human scale: its actually got less soul than Tempe Marketplace, Desert Ridge and West Gate! This place is not designed to serve those who call downtown Phoenix home: its obviously designed to appeal to all of the suburbanites who think fauxdobes and tuscan mcmansions are awesome.So many people assume that if you criticize CityScape, you are somehow in favor of what was there before. Bullshit. Most sane people agree that Patriot's Square Park (1990-2006) was a flop and eyesore. The most often complaint is that is was a haven for the homeless. So did CityScape somehow make all these homeless people have homes, or better yet, just disappear? No. They simply displaced them into another area of town, just like all gentrification does. So don't give them credit for making the place "better", especially when we lost a public park in the process.Back to the bowling alley: we eventually made it up the escalator and entered Lucky Strike. We entered what was mostly a Hard Rock Hotel Las Vegas atmosphere that was filled with conventioneers (Six Sigma trainees specifically). The irony of original Sheperd Fairey prints hanging in a place that enforces a dress code did not escape us.We met up with the rest of the Radiate PHX crowd in a private, sectioned off area. We were offered various appetizers to sample. The chips and salsa were completely of the store bought variety: this is Arizona, don't do that shit. The other appetizers were a joke: typical Sysco or Shamrock foods frozen crap. The beers on tap at our bar? Bud, Bud Light and Stella. Have they never heard of The Roosevelt?I just now realized how much I typed about my first visit, which was actually the best time I had. I'll spare you the other stories for another day.
1	Cityscape is merely a developers tunnel visioned project (once again) in the heart of downtown Phoenix.  Add it to the Arizona Center, Mercado, & Collier Center, that were all touted to be the big missing piece in the downtown Phoenix retail development puzzle.  Those projects have floundered and repeatedly tried to re-incarnate themselves.  Arizona Center is positively lush compared to this development.  The park* that was razed to make room for this generic piece of downtown real estate (and was supposedly going to be incorporated into the project) has been converted to something called "Patriot's Square", and is nothing more than a cement pad surrounded by oodles of cement slab benches (this is Phoenix people!) that serves merely as an uninviting thoroughfare to get people into the project to spend money, and back out again.Too often these projects merely take business away from others downtown, because they are the newest, shiniest kid on the block.  It's interesting to note that several big law firms (one of which was across the street) have moved to the office part of this complex recently.  And why?  Because this project was subsidized to the tune of over a 100 Million dollars in tax breaks, and the owners can now offer cheaper rent than their neighbors as a result!Entering this project from the rear, it's clear that south Phoenix is not even in the equation as you are greeted by a large, looming gray concrete facade that moons any neighbors to the south.  As you approach the plaza from the west you are greeted by an unintentionally funny security sign referencing incontinence, rubber diapers, boils and cuts, which precedes your approach to even more concrete with 3 token slabs of grass (a very weak nod to the City park that was there previously).  Stores with names like Designer District & West of Soho/The Modern Bohemian, make it clear this project desperately wants to be hip. And yet the look of the place is extraordinarily dull. It remains to be seen if people will expressly come downtown, pay to park, or want to hang out at a place that has so little charisma - and is studded with many of the same types of businesses that can be found in the neighborhoods where they already reside.*  Any city park that was neglected the way the original Patriot's Square park was, will of course look ugly.  After the City stopped watering the trees and plants and let them die, turned off the water fountains, turned off the decorative fountains, locked the bathrooms so no one could use them - of course the park went to hell in a handbasket.  No City does those things to a centrally located park without ulterior motives.  The bottom line was this was valuable, prime real estate in the middle of downtown Phoenix.
1	Ostensibly to revitalize (er, vitalize) the downtown commerce landscape, the wacky urban park Patriots Square was removed to create this supposed shopping mecca. Looks to me to be yet another in a series of failed, incongruous Phoenix urban development projects that attract the indifferent few to the not interesting. Yawn.
2	I can see both sides of the argument.   Downtown needs to appeal to both parties...both parties being the downtown dwellers and the commuters. The DD's want all independent coffee shops, bakeries, markets, boutiques, restaurants. The Big C's (suburbanites) need to be drawn in by familiarity (i.e. CVS, UO, Star$).  I have yet to make a definite decision about cityscape being good or evil, except for the fact that at least Phoenix is putting it's focus on downtown aside from JUST First Friday's to appeal to the people who don't come down here.  Now if a Chili's goes in, I'm moving again, but for now I think there should be no argument of CS being "good or evil", but rather a CHANGE, which is really the direction we all should be happy about. In other news: An ice rink?  ...really?!
4	I gotta say that I really love Cityscape so far. About six mos ago, I joined the Gold's Gym and have really looked forward to the eventual openings of restaurants and shops. It is gradually turning into something great. Right now, you've got a CVS, Urban Outfitters, 3-4 more clothing shops (men and women), Lucky Strikes, an art gallery, and a few eateries (5 Guys, Vitamin T) with more to come. Some of the retail shops are pricy and some are very reasonable. Sure one or two of the retail shops are chains, but what city shopping strip doesn't have chains mixed in with small businesses? The parking garage also validates which is nice. There is also a light rail stop just outside. I have been to a couple of festivals at Cityscape including Oktoberfest and also visited the ice skating rink last night. While you have the typical negative comments about the ice skating rink (This isn't Rockerfeller Square, It only fits 10 skaters), I thought it was nice, different, and had a good 30-40 skaters on it. $10/person includes skate rental and unlimited time. Bottom line, Cityscape has room for improvement but I love what it is so far, and think it is a great addition to downtown. I can't wait till the other eateries and retail shops begin popping in.
2	Where do I start? Yes the parking garage. Are you FREAKING kidding me? Who planned this? I exit out on to the street with no visable signs how to get anywhere? Didn't you just build and outdoor mall? Shouldn't I be placed in a spot where I can actually spend money? Shouldn't this shopping center appear as if it's surrounded by an urban environment? Okay, so let's walk around the entire building or better yet, pass thru CVS and buy something so your parking can be validated. My first visit here was to bowl and although I am grateful to have a bowling alley in the 5th largest city in America, it just seems so suburban to me, in fact I think I prefer the suburban bowling alleys because they have a little (lot) more character. I am thrilled to have an Urban Outfitters downtown, which is why I gave CityScape 2 stars...and I have lived here long enough to know how great it is for Phoenix to invest in it's own downtown, but why did they go with this plan? It is as vanilla as any suburb and we deserve better!
2	Let me start by saying that I think trying to get downtown going is a great thing.  I live down here but I hate how spread out this city is.  True downtown is walkable and the light rail helps but much of the best venues are spread out around the outskirts.  Cityscape to me looks like a medical office park.  In a city (well, the general area) with so much innovative and/or very pleasant design, this is a dud.  I predict a full face lift of  this property within five years which is sad for something at this cost level.  Not inviting and not something that was well thought out.  It comes off like something that got caught up in red tape and the left hand wasn't working with the right hand.  Nothing is here yet that you can't get elsewhere with free parking and lower sales tax rates.  Perhaps the new restaurants will make it worth going to.  A note on the ice skating.  The website says it can accommodate 75-100 skaters.  I would estimate the rink is 50x50 at most (most likely 40x40), so that would not be a comfortable time on the ice if they were at "capacity."  Aside from that, they didn't have skates smaller than kids size 9 so our daughter got all excited and couldn't skate.  I tried calling ahead of time but it just has a recording and says to check the website.  What is the point of even having the number?  It was just another thing that wasn't well thought out or executed about CityScape.
1	Good job Phoenix you made something that sucks worse then the Arizona Center!
4	I haven't been ice skating since 8th grade when I owned the rink at polar ice. Thankfully, I was skating with a 5 year old who had never worn skates before so I got to play it cool and save my ego. "let's hang on to the side and go really slow until you get the hang of it" "I got it already, let's go faster""no no, safety first. hold my hand while I clench for life to this rail. it's for your safety!" We had so much fun on the miniature skating rink. It really was teeny. but it was so much fun! skating outside, trees lit up, carolers singing, a small little coffee booth. and it was only $10 per person. Even Santa came out to skate.
1	In regards to the microscopic ice rink...No.  In regards to the price....No.  Just No.
5	Growing up in Phoenix, Patriots Square Park was one place we never went. Under no circumstances did we feel safe there even as teenagers or early 20 somethings. The day RED and the City of Phoenix decided to redevelop this block with apartments and retail, along with flexible outdoor event space, I was ecstaic. I followed the development from day one, took challenge in trying to figure out where loading docks, support beams, kitchens and bathrooms, and everything else would go. I was obsessed, and had such high hopes. Cityscape failed at a few of the points, but is still a development which has changed the Downtown CBD for the better.... the way better-er-er-er-er.As of the date of this review, Cityscape isn't fully open yet. I feel like all these one star reviews are very unfair, and I'm instead giving a positive look into what will become. Same example of a newlywed couple walking into a wrecked foreclosed home and instead of seeing a blank canvass to create something great, they see a piece of crap home. My first positive impression is the way they changed Central and Washington. The intersection now has a beautiful and busy looking feel to it with both Charming Charlie and Urban Outfitters all lit up and night with corner entrances. They did a great job of keeping the non-destination  retailers on the ground floor, and placing the places that one would make a special trip for upstairs. The CVS was a great score for downtown, bringing us our first drug store in decades, and the bowling alley above it is a fantastic place as well. So all in all, they did a nice job of bringing us unique and interesting mixes of retail and restaurants. There are no big huge white trash chains here, and it creates an urban feel that downtown doesn't have in too many places. Those of you who are saying it's not urban, I have to ask you... do you even know what's going on over on Jefferson Street or on First Street? It's going to be a full block of storefronts. Cityscape, as a downtown resident, and a native Phoenician who has used downtown as his playground forever, I thank you for everything you have done for my city. You've created a playground for not only myself and my friends, but those from out of town who previously had almost zero options for shopping. You brought us another tower, and intregrated great lights on top of it to make it more interesting. You brought us another hotel and more jobs. Most importantly, you made something great out of a park which was underuitilized by everyone other than homeless. With Civic Space Park now open, I don't see what the draw would be to Patriots Park anyway. I mean, Civic Space is a better park location anyway.
1	Wow - this place is lame and trust me when I say I was one of those people who wanted to believe they finally got it right this time with downtown development. Last night we left a show at the Orpheum around 10:30 and thought, "Hey, let's walk over to Cityscape and grab something to eat." We walked around and ... nothing. The only thing open was Lucky Strike Lanes and I'm sure it's fine but not what we were looking for. I even asked a security guard if anything was open and he said not this time of night, except for Lucky Strike Lanes. He pointed me to the Hard Rock Cafe. Seriously? This is the 5th largest city in the country, on a Friday night at 10:30 and it was a ghost town.Many people have already pointed out the major flaws - this is a mall in the middle of the city, from Washington it's like a cement fortress, etc. But, I have to say, even from the inside it's terrible. I've walked around the place and thought, there's no there there. Where is all this stuff? I've seen Vitamin T from the street, but you'd never know where it was if you stood inside this place. I feel really bad saying this but it will probably work as a lunchtime food court for office workers during the months when you can comfortably walk around at noon. They'll probably bring in a Sbarro's pizza, Panda Express, a nail salon, etc and after 2 years it will be another Arizona Center.I hope I'm wrong.
1	Cityscape continues to represent all that is wrong with Phoenix: artificial, ignorant of its site and isolated from it's surroundings. Despite being promoted as the centerpiece of downtowns re-re-re-revitalization, the development has yet to deliver. Hopes of residential units have been delayed--if not dashed, the anticipated grocery store (high-end or otherwise) has yet to open, high-profile local businesses have pulled out and national chains have reduced hours or laid off staff.Not only is Cityscape blatantly anti-city and anti-urban; it doesn't even compare well with its suburban competition. From the inside there is no there there. Patriots Square is still a concrete mess, the exterior windows are still covered and the few businesses have minimal signage, their glazed windows make it difficult to see what's inside (particularly on the upper levels).Boosters of CityScape may like the convenience of the parking, the sterility cleanliness, the security (read homeless patrol) and the excitement that occurs during peak moments. What they don't comment on is the emptiness that pervades the development between these rare events. They also seem to be immune to the banal architecture and it's isolation from the rest of downtown, highlighted by the contemptuously blank walls facing large swathes of Jefferson and Washington. Sure, CityScape may be better than 'nothing,' but do we really want to set the bar so low?To be fair, I do like a few of the tenants especially the newly opened Arrogant Butcher and even the franchised Jimmy Johns. I'm happy that downtown finally has a pharmacy. However they are not enough. Indeed, I wish that they were the exception that proves the rule, and not the rule themselves.These type of businesses should be the lures to get people excited and drawn downtown where they discover locally owner businesses and begin frequenting them. Instead, customers of Jimmy's get to see a competing chain; and Arrogant Butcher diners get a panoramic view of parking lots.To make things worse for downtown as a whole, the few business that have opened, and several of the office tower tenants could have easily found space. Instead of using public funds (which now make up about half the project's funding) to lure business to CityScape, the city could have helped these businesses settle in downtown's existing urban fabric.Imagine the Arrogant Butcher and CVS on the ground floor of the incredible Luhr's complex, or Lucky Strike reusing the under appreciated McGinnis Building across from the Duce on South Central? The remaining stores and restraints could have easily fit in the empty store fronts of the Collier Center, Cronkite Building or several other nearby buildings The office tenants could have stayed in the previous downtown locations, or moved to the Luhr's buildingor the former Phelps Dodge offices.By going this route we now have MORE empty offices and store fronts downtown than ever before. Indeed, CityScape is looking more and more like the Collier Center, with Lucky Strike filling the role of Hard rock; Arrogant Butcher playing Kincaid's and Banner Health acting as Bank of America.Phoenix needs to learn that while mixed-use is important, a mixed used mega development will never be a substitute for the authentic diversity that grows out of several smaller-scale densely organized projects.CityScape is a paradox. It was intended to be a bold new form of development downtown, but ended up being a lesser facsimile of the nearby Arizona and Collier Centers. Perhaps the biggest irony is that while it's name and marketing scream their urban ambitions, CityScape is almost without a sense of urbanism.
3	I'll preface this review by saying that we'll be opening the new Stand Up Live Comedy Theater at Cityscape at the end of April so we're hoping that we bring a new excitement to the project (Chelsea Latey fave Jo Koy, Jay Mohr, Rodney Carrington, Mitch Fatel, Frank Caliendo, Ralphie May and Pablo Francisco in May and June alone).  We're also opening up a rock lounge next door called Copper Blues with over 60 beers on tap and a stage bar featuring the hottest bands and DJs, plus a delicious menu created from our stone hearth oven.So think of Cityscape as a 4 month pregnant woman who will end up giving birth to sextuplets.  And it will keep growing and growing over the next few months.  Keep an open mind and make sure to eat at the Arrogant Butcher which is delicious! And Vitamin T is a great lunch spot for a beer and some tacos. Hope to see you soon!
4	It may not be all I hoped, but having worked in downtown for 12 years, I am so happy for the CVS, Arrogant Butcher and Par Exsalonce  in close proximity to my office that I am willing to have patience and give it time.  I am hopeful, and I think (okay, hope) the one star reviews are a little unfair at this point.  There are some businesses worth checking out!
3	Well what can I say about City Scape.....well it is getting there. I mean downtown is so bland and dull....and City Scape has real potential but I don't think people will come. Since I have moved out here to AZ....I have been completely shocked and amazed that there are so many OUTDOOR shopping and dining options for a region that posts 100 plus degree temps on a daily basis for 6 plus months a year. So let's see concrete....dry heat....no relief....equals no one coming out just to see something that has less than average appeal especially to us locals. I mean the new Oakville Grocery Store is nice....and the bowling alley is a nice touch....along with the 5 guys and the entire area being accessible by train gives this locale some potential. However I think the crowds coming to US Airways Arena and Chase Field looking to maybe grab some food or do some walking around at night after the games are over are the only hopes that City Scape will have for any success....we shall see. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	I used to work for an engineering firm that did A LOT of work on pre-construction and during construction of this development. I think I personally spent about 3 months during 2007 just on this project.  I feel like it is worth mentioning that the firm I worked for is locally owned and employs about 50 people. All of whom live, work, play and pay taxes in the valley.  The work we did was only a small fraction of the work that takes place in a development of this size.  In the portion I worked on, we hired 3 local subcontractors.  Each of those businesses were locally owned and employed people who live in the Valley.  Our work didn't include the architects, civil engineers, structural engineers, etc who also worked on this project.  I don't think it accurate to say that any tax incentive the developer received was "free money".  Building this thing wasn't cheap or easy.I understand the complaints that businesses that located here could have located to buildings that had already been constructed in the area.  This is true but the fact remains that those businesses weren't located here.  Despite acres of empty rental space those businesses weren't located downtown.  Also, the footprint that the development stands on was used since the mid 1980's as a surface parking lot and "park".  I say "park" because it was more or less a concrete bunker, with few trees and no grass built over an underground parking garage.  Known less as a place to picnic than a place to be harassed by panhandlers. I can't imagine a surface parking lot and underutilized, poorly desigened concrete block are going to be missed.  If you do miss them go visit one of many surface lots just north of this corner and Margaret Hance Park to be harassed by panhandlers.With all that said, through a pre-construction archaelogical survey, the archaeologists determined that the corner was inhabited by some of Phoenix's earliest settlers.  A few artifacts were found, reachered and now are in the Pueblo Grande Museum.The thing is built.  I think it is a nice additin to downtown and has brought in a number of businesses who will fit well an easy accessible central location.  Its not perfect, but I think it serves as a much needed improvement to copper square.
3	I'm torn with CityScape which is why it's taken me this long to write a review. It has the right idea, it's trying to give Downtown Phoenix what it needs, it's starting to get there with some entertaining businesses, but it still needs a lot of work. Therefore, it's just ok in my book. CityScape is in Downtown Phoenix caddy corner to the arenas. It has businesses such as Urban Outfitters, Golds Gym, Yogurtini, Charming Charlies, retail shops, Five Guys Burger and Fries, a salon, Arrogant Butcher, Stand Up Live, Copper Blues, Oakville Grocery and a CVS. I'm missing some shops but this will give you an idea. It has a wide range of businesses but it still has a stagnant feel to it. It's missing a certain feel that I can't quite place. The shops individually seem to thrive, but as a whole, the center lacks a certain charm. I'm hoping it'll get there eventually.
4	Eek, bad review city up in here!  I actually think CityScape is a good step in the right direction.  I've worked in downtown Phoenix for nearly ten years, and it's finally starting to show a pulse, thanks in a big way to CityScape and the latest outpost of ASU.  Every restaurant in CS is packed during lunch hour.  Seeing people down here during "happy" hours?  Unheard of until now.  CS houses several dining and shopping options, and it's extremely nice to have all of them at my disposal during working hours.  Previously I'd have to drive to Tempe or Arcadia to enjoy good food and good shopping options in the same place.  I no longer live in the area so I'm not sure what happens after dark, but I wish this complex nothing but the best!
5	New bar down town. Awesome patio bar and restaurant!  Helpful and cute servers.
1	CityScape is the afterbirth of urban design.Some complain that there aren't more local shops here than there are, but I have no qualms with the mix of national and local concepts -- I think they actually did a pretty good job of including local businesses as much as they have, and I hope for that to continue.But the design is a $900M failure and every designer+architect that worked on the project should be fired and blacklisted.  The 1st St edge is the best of its eight edges, and even there the designers refused to prioritize the pedestrian as evidenced by the tree they placed smack in the middle of a pinch point.Two-level retail is okay when every shop has a ground-floor entrance (like Urban Outfitters), but CityScape instead chose to go with the suburban mall design and hid businesses away up on the top level, never to be seen again.  Par Exsalonce anyone?  Can anyone tell me where it is?The southside is a MASSIVE loading dock that turns its ass to the beautiful Luhrs building & storefronts, and what could have been a lively Jefferson Street.The northside makes it obvious that pedestrians were as far from a priority as possible since the sidewalk is narrow and squeezed firmly between traffic and a large blank wall.Once again, Phoenix designers thought in terms of blocks instead of streets, and again another mega-development is an utter failure.  I'm so far unable to understand why we don't have smarter people working on such massive projects, allowing such mediocre and even inept minds to scar Phoenix's downtown and swindle away our few opportunities for success.
5	I agree with Lindsey. I love the location, the concept but there is a something, something that is missing from the place that makes it a true vibrant urban hangout that it could be. And that something, something could be the outdoor ice skating rink that is in Cityscape for the last two years. This year the rink was bigger and the day we went down to skate, the weather was perfect. There were people skating in a t-shirt and jeans at the end of December!  Only in Phoenix!For $10 it was unlimited ice skating, including skate rentals. The atmosphere was casual and festive. Chairs were provided for sitting if you were not skating. CVS was right there for use of public restrooms. You were also able to purchase snacks and drinks from CVS and bring them right to the rink for consumptionMy son Andrew had so much fun- he skated for 2 1/2 hrs. with min breaks. Being that he's 5 and this was his first experience, I would say he had an excellent and positive time!Having the rink there made the whole area feel so much more festive. It was great to see so many people gathered in an open, outdoor public place having a good time!
2	Coming from LA, CityScape left me wanting something a little more, BUT it is getting better.  You have the sports bars, neighborhood bars, sports events, comedy club, but unless there is an actual sporting event downtown, the CityScape area thins out after happy hour. I have hope.
3	Cool concept.  Hopefully it invigorates Downtown Phoenix nightlife.
3	Happy for Downtown Phoenix- still they need to make sure they can keep their stores/dining spots open.  We have already seen some come and go. We live just 2 miles away and the only advertising we got was for the Chipotle. Come on - If you are  going to make it downtown you have to get to the residences as well the corporate business.Hoping to see a Target or TJs added to the mix.So Good Luck and here's to making it better!
1	One star. Because there is no 1/2 star. Cityscape was built in times when anything is possible and great developments are being built- SOMEWHERE ELSE. I don't know  who is the architect and I don't want to know. I would suggest the person looks for a different occupation and stop practice architecture  before more harm is being done in other cities.  If the investor asked students of architecture  - or  even culinary students - to create a downtown space- the results would be much better. There is no design. There is no interesting use of building materials. There is no landscape architecture. It is SAD.  I predict that it will be torn down within 10 years. So far all my predictions came true.
4	I don't see what the problem is with CityScape and why it is getting so many negative reviews. I like it hear and I have found myself at CityScape almost every trip I take to the downtown area. My top CityScape places:Stand Up LiveCopper BluesFive GuysBreakfast ClubI haven't tried Arrogant Butcher yet, but I want to. The only place I didn't like was Vitamin T. That place was gross and dirty, overpriced, bland food, and just a total bummer. Also, the parking at CityScape is great. The prices are decent and the businesses will validate. It is close to US Airways Center and Chase Field. I'm done with Sliders as my pregame watering hole. Copper Blues is way way better for food and drinks!
3	I like the way Phoenix's streets were planned. I planned to visit CityScape after I arrived, I was able to get their from PHX without using my SatNav. I did circle the block to get acclimated to the streets and see where the parking garage entrances were.Depending on how long you are going to be a CityScape, it may be less expensive to park at a car park. Which appeared to offer parking at a flat $5 rate.I walked around CityScape and the surrounding area however, Breakfast Club was the only business I visited and reviewed.
4	CityScape - oh how you haunt my dreams.I was genuinely scared the first time I tried to exit your parking structure. Having to go uphill at practically 90 degrees and pray no one is trying to walk in front of you as you arrive at the top of the ramp was like playing russian roulette with other peoples lives. After a few trips, the anticipation and build up of riding up the exit ramp has worn off, but the thought of pedestrians in limbo still comes to mind. Over on the north east end on street level you've got yogurtini and the new fuego cityscape nestled next to each other. And in the central east corridor 1 level up you've got Gold's Gym and Tilted Kilt. Walk across the street or take the walking bridge between the two area's and surrounding the fountain go back up more stairs and enter into Stand Up Live or Copper blues. Back to the east side street level on the other side of the big stairway you can find arrogant butcher.If you find yourself on the Washington side of the center at street level in the west building, you can find, wait sorry, its the west side of the building and you can find five guys burgers. If you haven't quite picked up on this, the shops all seem to be disconnected in a peculiar sort of way. Most shops are of good to high quality and they will all validate 3 hr parking in the garage below the center. If you end up here on an "event" night, just tell the attendant that you're shopping and get validated at your restaurant or shop destination. Don't let them try to convince you that everyone is supposed to pay $10 - you can still grab a ticket from the machine and have it stamped. I'm not about to spend $10 to park in order to spend $6 on froyo at yogurtini. Recently, Ive been biking my way down here and there's spots to lock your bike up all around the center, near most shops on the outside of the center or atop the the stairs / elevators aimed into the dreaded garage. I have personally tried to pass as a pedestrian in front of the garage exit on my bike and walking on a few occasions and some of the cars either simply don't see you, aren't looking, or simply couldn't care less about the value of human life. CityScape - please do something cause that exit is dangerous. I'm surprised that no one has been hit yet - or maybe they have and we just haven't heard about it yet. After a review like that, you wonder how on earth they deserve 4 stars. Well I really like venturing to downtown Phoenix and CityScape is usually my destination because the collective cool of the combined shops and restaurants outweighs the fatal flaws of the design of this structure. Good luck to anyone trying to walk or ride a bike along Washington in front of that exit ramp and watch out for cars, because they generally aren't watching out for you.Happy shopping and don't forget to wear your helmet and body armor!
5	City Scape has a lot to offer.  There's Stand Up Live, Copper Blues, Lucky Strike Bowling, Chipotle and CVS.  There is also a parking garage located right beneath it.  If you are going to Stand Up Live, bring your parking ticket with you and they will validate it at the door.  That's awesome.
4	Beautiful center. I also love Urban Outfitter, Gold's Gym and Hotel Palomar being part of the center. I'll definitely be back soon!
1	The one star is for the extremely dangerous parking garage.  While exiting the underground parking, it is virtually impossible to see oncoming pedestrians due to the grade, construction and wooden signs put out to advertise the parking structure itself.  It is just a matter of time before someone gets severely injured or killed.  This is a huge oversight and an accident waiting to happen.
2	CityScape is a joke !The only reason why I go is because of the comedy shows.  The CVS pharmacy even closes at 9PM !  Are you kidding me ?What's the point of being downtown if you are not going to be open late ?CityScape is a joke but at least it does offer some entertainment that Downtown Phoenix has been lacking.
4	near a light rail stop yay! has some cool stores, charming charlie, urban outfitters, and great restaurant chloe's! Plus lucky strike. Places validate parking but i went over 1 min and got charged $2 complete joke! I also parking on a sunday and was told it was free parking def not and paid a whopping $12 on a sunday complete. I agree with Jon don't pay the $12 just re-get a parking ticket!! thanks for the tip jon!
4	I enjoy the Cityscape area.  Plenty or restaurants and parking.  Parking is free for 2 hours if you get it validated.  And it is only 2 bucks an hour after that.  They also offer some shops and I really enjoyed the Christmas tree lighting and ice skating.  Where else in Arizona are you going to ice skate outside, in front of a Christmas tree, and its 80 degrees outside? The ice ring is right on Central Ave. and you can still go and enjoy it till Jan. 5th.  How cool is that? Pretty cool NRG covers the energy cost to keep the ice frozen so we can do some ice skating and enjoy Christmas in Arizona weather.  I hope Cityscape continues to thrive and the restaurants and shops continue to expand.  So far they have been doing well.I have visited Charming Charlies, Stand Up Live, Lucky Strike, The Strand, and Tilted Kilt.  All great places and all within walking distance.  Go check it out.
4	Cityscape is breathing life into downtown Phx.Located on top of Patriot Park, and right off of the lightrail, Cityscape has a ton of food options, some shopping, and some good entertainment options.They boost the downtown version of The Breakfast Club, as well as Arrogant Butcher, Tilted Kilt, Fuego Tacos, and a Five Guys.In the mood for drinks? Theres Copper Blues that has over 60 beers on tap, and the new Gypsy bar on the west side. Shopping? Cityscape houses the downtown Charming Charlies location (2 floors) as well as an Urban Outfitters. Theres also a CVS for anything you may need.There are frequently bands at Copper Blues, theres always something funny going on at Stand Up Live, and you can also bowl a few frames at the local Lucky Strike. They also have a calender of special events located on their website and Facebook page.This is definitely a place to visit if youre staying downtown.
5	I have been to cityscape many times. From the mardi gras to the ice skating in December. And I loved every moment of it. The city has done good building this was a great investment on there part, and I know this it can only get better from here.
2	This is Phoenix's attempt to build up a nightlife area downtown.  In my opinion I've seen better.  Here's why:Pros+ Yes, there's some variety of restaurants/bars....Tilted Kilt, Arrogant Butcher, Copper Blues, Jimmy John's, Lucky Strikes.+ It's located near US Airways Center and Chase Field.  Great for pre/post-game partying.+ For the most part, it's kept clean.+ The Palomar Hotel is pretty cool.Cons- Besides game nights or concert nights, this place is D-E-A-D....a ghost town.  The only people here on those nights are the handful of residents from downtown, and they're no fun at all.- Parking sucks.  You can park in one of the underground parking structures or hotels nearby valet, which are expensive.....or the surface street parking lots, which are unsafe with no attendants.- Panhandlers will hit you up for money as you walk around.In most cities, the downtown area is a destination for nightlife and fun.  In this case, it's only a destination when there's a special event nearby.  We've stopped coming here on off-nights because it was a waste of time each time we did.  Oh well, maybe someday it will become something better.Return Factor - 30%
4	Great place to go to since this is the only place in Downtown Phoenix that's actually lit up and actually have lots of shops to go shop at.  Many different restaurants to try out and a bowling place (Lucky Strike) for you to hang out and have drinks with your friends.  Parking is a major issue is this area, you either park with valet, under the garage where it cost a lot of money per hour, or you park at the meters which are free after 5pm daily and on the weekends.  Or if you prefer to save some more money, you can just take the light-rail and then don't have to worry about drinking and driving.  Definitely a good place to check out if you haven't been to downtown area in a while.
4	I love the winter look at CityScape.  The ice staking ring in the middle.  Shops and restaurants.  The parking is plenty and confusing as heck when I came out of the elevator, LOL!  Where am I?
4	We come here every year during this time for ice skating because I think the whole setup reminds me of ice skating in NYC. I love the concept of ice skating in an urban setting. This year, the rink is bigger and better. The check in and check out area even had its own separate shed. Very cool vibe. The price is now $12 instead of $10 but it's still unlimited and if you come during lunch time, it's only $6. They've also changed the location. Now it's by the Palomar Hotel/ Blue Hound and Squid Ink which I think is a much better location. Easily accessible to good food and drinks!  Be warned!  The big people (ie teenagers and possibly drunken adults) start showing up at 8:30-9pm ish so if your little ones are out there skating without you, blow the whistle and round them in!  Otherwise, you might lose sight of them amidst the big people crowd!!!!
2	I kept hearing about CityScape and how nice it is.  While it is nice, there is a Serious lack of upscale stores and restaurants.  There is a Bar / Restaurant, and there are many other restaurants in the immediate area, but within CityScape itself there is not much offered.  I like the idea for downtown, it just needs more work at this point.  If you are in the area, I would recommend not eating at CityScape and heading over to Harumi Sushi instead.
5	Updated experience as we now live in the Cityscape Residences above the Hotel Palomar. We love stepping outside right into the middle of our city. We sold one car and ride our bikes, hop on the lightrail or walk to wherever we are going.
4	We came here after seeing Nutcracker at Symphony Hall & having a great dinner at Squid Ink. It was Sunday night 5pm and it was PACKED!!!The rink as gotten fancier every progressing year. This year it had real railings with clear inserts plus a circular seating area in the middle. And the rink instead of being a simple square it's straight with some circular areas. It also has decorative arches now complete with stars. Cost is $12 including skate rental and unlimited skating time. Which I think is still a great deal. Who doesn't love skating outdoors in the beautiful Arizona weather with Christmas music playing?!  Apparently everyone since like I wrote in the beginning of the review, the place was packed. So packed that my 8 year old after 10 mins or so said he didn't want to skate cause it was hard to move. Luckily, the skating rink gave me a free voucher to return. And he gave me a tip- come in the morning (early) for more relaxing, less crowded skating!
