5	The bagels here are as good as they get! They make  bagels the real way, in-house everyday from scratch. The cream cheeses are all made in-house too and are delectable, they have about 10 different types. The lox and lox cream cheese are my personal favorites. The bagels are deliciously moist and chewy with just the right amount of toastiness. They have homemade muffins and cakes, as well as the standard espresso and coffee drinks.They also offer half-price bagels to-go during the last hour they're open, between 1-2 PM. The inside is well decorated and the owners are super nice and accommodating. Definitely worth checking out!!
3	My husband and I were in Mesa running an errand and were absolutely starving. Driving along Power, we didn't see any sandwich/lunch places except for Subway, so when we saw a sign for Kokobelli Bagel Cafe, we decided to stop there. The place itself was small - maybe 7-8 tables - and decked out in some very colorful Ikea decor/accessories. At the beginning of the line, there were bins with fresh bagels sorted by flavor and some bags of day-old (and discounted) bagels. The woman who took our order and rang us up was super-friendly and reminded me of one those down-to-earth waitresses in a neighborhood diner. She took our order (3 different bagels with cream cheese and a bagel sandwich - we were hungry, ok?!) and repeated it all back. We took a seat and waited just a few minutes for our order to be prepared. Some of the highlights:-The texture of the bagels (not too dry or moist)-The cheddar bagel (not too greasy)-The spinach and artichoke cream cheese (like someone took the ubiquitous dip and successfully made it into cream cheese)Some of the not-so-great parts:-The blueberry bagel (the blueberries were fluorescent blue and tasted like the kind in blueberry muffin mix)-The honey walnut cream cheese (overwhelmingly sweet; almost tasted like frosting)-The breakfast bagel sandwich with salsa, cheese, egg, and sausage (the sausage and egg were cold and kind of flavorless)I definitely give this place props for being a local bagel shop that still makes their own bagels and cream cheese. However, some of the flavors could use some work, and fresher/more natural ingredients would probably do the trick in a lot of cases.
4	I really like this place, good bagels good service! BAD cafe mocha! I will stick to Starbucks for that!
4	Right down the street from my new job, this place is an instant hit with me!  I love the bagels, remniscent of East Coast bagels.  I love the service, complete with attention to detail (repeating the order back to me and reminding me that cream cheese costs extra) and friendliness (smiles and eye contact all around!)  I sat on a comfy red couch in the back by the window.  There's a shelf full of books and games by the sofa and two comfy chairs.  I love this place!  They also have great specials.
4	great place had the lox cream cheese capers onion tomato open face bagel,polite service, nice setting
5	Hands down the best deal in the Fiesta Mall for a meal. For 6.99 you get a whole sandwich off their menu of great choices, a side of pasta salad,potato salad or bagel chips, a drink  AND a choice of brownie , cookie or crumb cake. Actually there were more choices for the dessert but all I had to hear was crumbcake. All fresh and made on site. They are new to Fiesta Mall so make sure you come out and support them. They are family run and very nice. Stop by and see Freddie, he's very cool and will make sure you're happy!
3	Just to clarify, this place is NOT in Fiesta Mall like someone else stated. It's on Power Rd. and Southern in Mesa. I went back to this little bagel place after a two year absence. It had been so long mainly because if I had gone back any earlier, my husband would have killed me. His wheat & dairy allergies meant no more bagels for him, and for a die hard bagel fan, that's hard to swallow. In an act of solidarity I held out as long as possible.On a day before Christmas, I was running some errands & thought I'd pop in. The first thing I noticed was that they had changed the interior slightly. The menu was stark and ugly. They had painted deals in the window reminiscent of a fast food restaurant. I suppose everyone has to attract business and maybe I'm a snob, but I found it tacky. I got an everything bagel toasted with lox cream cheese. It came out on one of those cardboard type red and white trays, you know, cafeteria school lunch style. They used to have little plastic trays with tissue paper. The presentation was definitely nicer before. The lox cream cheese didn't have as much lox in it as I remember. While the bagel tasted the same, they clearly didn't toast it enough because it came out virtually cold. It was doughy without an ounce of warmth. I was so disappointed. One of the workers informed me they had changed owners when I inquired but all the bagels were the same. I'd suggest if you go, to ask them to double toast your bagel. Maybe that would have made mine taste better.
5	there are very few bagel places out in mesa, other than a couple of einstein's (not a big fan although their cream cheese is delish). kokobelli is a complete gem. i think their bagels are better than chompies because they have personality! chompies bagels are technically superior, but honestly i feel they're a little boring! kokobelli has more exciting flavors like asiago, cinnamon crunch and french toast. they also have a baker's choice bagel of the day. today's bagel was jalapeno pepperjack. i ordered it toasted with veggie cream cheese, and it was the BEST BAGEL OF MY LIFE. it was sweet, spicy, chewy, doughy and crispy all at the same time! i've had some amazing, authentic bagels back east, but this one takes the cake.i'm sitting here wondering if they're still open, so i can pick up a few to take home. yummmmm!
4	Wasn't sure what to expect as far as a bagel shop in this neighborhood, but I was in the mood for a bagel and thought I would give it a try.  I was very pleasantly suprised.  Excellent bagels and cream cheese, dare I say on par with Chompies.
4	Very good bagels but the place is a bit pricey... after it is a ball of dough not diamonds..That being said these are the best bagels I have had in AZ and yes better than Chompies!
4	Really good breakfast bagel sandwich! I got the westerner, egg with ham, bell peppers and onions along with pepperjack cheese on a toasted wheat bagel. I asked them to add a little cream cheese and they charged $1.25 ... got home to find no cream cheese dang it!! Great sandwich nevertheless.
4	A bit pricey for a bagel place. But as they say you get what you pay for. Since this is a one-of-a-kind gem with all the unusual flavors of bagels and cream cheese I'd say go here often if you wanna splurge. If not, then stop in early and  check out the discount basket.
5	I really like this place. The bagels are not just dough, they are truly tasty. I love the lox sandwich with capers simple yet very fulfilling. The 1/2 dozen bagel deal with cream cheese is awesome. It's a great place for breakfast. I reminds me to the San Francisco Bay Area bagel places.
5	I think these guys need to change their name to "Bagel and Sandwich Cafe". I don't understand why all the reviews written so far are only for the bagels when their sandwiches are awesome!I've eaten here twice now, and only had the sandwiches, but they are soooo good. Hearty, filling, great quality ingredients, and while not cheap, prices are comparable to, say Paradise Bakery, without the fuss and with some freebies. If I want cheap, I'll eat off the dollar menu at McDonalds or something. So far I've had the chicken cashew salad sandwhich (cold), and the roast beef with red pepper something (jam?) panini (hot). The chicken salad is a refreshing mix of chopped crispy veggies and tasty chicken in some kind of dill mayo dressing. I don't know if there's a little yogurt added to the dressing, it didn't taste like just mayo and was itself very flavorful. The sandwich bread is a hearty focaccia which tastes like it could be fresh baked, but I'm not sure if it is. It's certainly better than store bought focaccia and most other sandwich places I've had. The roast beef was very tender, delicious. The red pepper was a little understated...it wasn't large pieces of roasted red pepper, which is what I was looking for, but something more like a caramelized red pepper and onion jam. Even though it wasn't what I was hoping for, it was still very good and not a reason for complaint at all. The bread was crispy in all right places....oh.....sooo goood! The portion of sandwich filling is generous in both...while not New York deli portions, still more than enough to satisfy.The sandwiches are served w/ bagel chips instead of potato chips. These might sound healthier, but probably have a lot more calories, but taste so much better as they're soaked in butter and seasonings. I also got a strawberry banana yogurt smoothie which was excellent and you could really taste the fruit and yogurt. Somehow, getting the sandwich, and I think any kind of drink, is considered getting a lunch special, so they'll throw in a dessert for free! I've had the brownie and crumb cake. They were both delicious...moist and tasted freshly baked, even though I doubt they were. Anyways, I doubt I'll ever actually get a bagel here, but if I'm in the mood for a satisfying lunch, this will be a go to place.
5	Generous portions.  Homemade.   Courteous staff.
1	Bready bagels, not real bagels. Egg sandwich is terrible!  The egg tasted like dishwater!This place make's Einstien's Bagels seem like geniuses!  And I'm no fan of chain-store bagels.Stick with Chompies or Back East Bagels in Tempe for something more bagel-like, and a good breakfast sandwich.
5	Excellent place to grab a bagel and cup of coffee. I have been going there for years. It is a pleasure to be greeted by name. Keep up the Great job.
4	I'm all about the Sunrise on cheddar w/ turkey sausage. Great selection of fresh made bagels. Good deals on day old too. They need salsa to offer with the breakfast selections
5	My favorite bagel shop!  They have a great selection of bagels--my favorite is the cheddar.  But where they really shine is with their spreads.  Every spread I have tried has been outstanding.  They are chunky and you can tell the ingredients are fresh.  I hate spreads that puree the ingredients and you can't tell they're there.  Here, the veggies in the garden spread are thick cut and identifiable.  The tops is jalapeno spread!  Yum!
5	Great tasting coffee!  I had the Westerner bagel and it was very, very good, along with the mini blueberry muffin which they added as a free goodie. Since I travel for work in Mesa quite often this will be my new coffee/bagel hangout.  There is outdoor seating which is nice.
5	The most delicious lox I ever tasted, and the bagel tasted like they made it after I walked in the door. Delicious! Wish they had a Facebook page.
5	NUMMY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! More than just bagels! My family and I enjoyed amazing breakfast sandwiches and splurged on some chocolate eclairs! So good!
5	This place amazeballs. Tons of different FRESH bagels, and a nice assortment of bagel sandwiches. Oh, and a few different cream cheeses also. Honestly, it's a bagel shop, and they do it well. I wish there was one of these places back home. So, since there isn't, I just have to go there everyday till I leave to head back home.
5	This place has the best bagels I've ever had! The everything bagel with jalepeno cream cheese and ham toasted is amazing. Also they sometimes have a jalepeno cheddar bagel that will knock your socks off. The BEST in the valley.
3	Bagels are good, clean and relaxed atmosphere. Customer service is meh. Owner waited on us, no smile, welcome or thank you. When your order is ready, they call out your name leave your food on the counter and walk away. No "Can I get you anything else? Thanks for coming in.... nothing" Missed opportunity to make first time customers want to return.
3	Bagels are awesome!! Staff is great. Salads, not so much :( The lettuce was all brown, slimey & wilted under the chicken that was placed on top. Very disappointed especially since I spent $9 on a salad & drink & couldnt even eat the salad. Everything else there is great, I guess they should stick to what they know
5	Excellent food!
5	I love the bagels.As an ex-LIer I don't think anyone can match the original...but this est. comes close!   I feel bad when I buy the baker's dozen...they can't produce like a franchise so pre order to lessen the guilt!
4	I came in here after finding them on Yelp. I wanted something different from fastfood breakfast. So I came here with my son and we got the special. half dozen bagels with half pound cream cheese $8.99. Was Really Good, My Favorite is the French Toast bagel. The Asagio was spot on too. The Garlic Bagel was a bit too salty for me to handle. My Wife liked it, I guess I am just sensitive to salty.lol But not only they had good bagels, but the customer service was Great. The guy at the counter was friendly and helpful. I will guarantee come back again, maybe next saturday, I wanna try there other cream cheese's. They also sell soup and sandwhich's and other pastries. The Restaurant was clean and it wasn't crowded.Smelled wonderful with all bagels cooking.
3	Moved here from NY. I haven't found a really good bagel yet in Phoenix. This place is better than most.
5	Absolutely love this place! Has a large assortment of the most moist and tasty muffins around. You can tell the bagels are fresh and soft. Their hours are 6am-2pm so you can swing by before work and grab some breakfast on the way in. Very friendly and have always provided great service. Try it for yourself it is worth the stop. www.kokobellibagelcafe.com They have Bagels, Pastries, Sandwiches, Salads, Soups, Smoothies and Coffee. (Located North/West Corner of Power Rd & Southern)
5	This is such a good breakfast place. My favorite is the lox sandwich. It is super tasty and it is a generous portion. It comes with a sweet treat to clean the palate after the savory bagel. Sometimes I buy the half dozen bagels and small jar of their cream cheese which I really recommend.
5	One of my favorite bagel places. Usually I seek out einstein bagels but this place has a lot of bagel sandwich options that most bagel places don't. Great option if you want a little bit cheaper breakfast than a brunch restaurant.
5	Best bagels in the valley. My favorite is smoked salmon on an Asiago bagel add capers!!They are making their own bagels and the coffee is always very good.
3	Walked in on a Saturday looking for a good cup of coffee. The staff was really sweet & the coffee was pretty good.
4	I like this place a lot and come here often. They always give a lot of cream cheese (my favorite part) and their bagels are big and fresh.  I typically get the onion or the blueberry bagel with plain cream cheese and it never fails to make my morning.  I've had the lox sandwich once too and it was really good, so I definitely recommend that as well.  Service is great and fast, great variety in bagels and sandwiches.
4	Short, sweet, to the point. This place has bagels, and they're cheap, and you can get stuff on em. Quick and friendly service, yummy bagels, lots of cream cheese. Nice weather so we sat on the patio. My husband said his egg sandwich was not quite as good as others he'd had. But, for the cost, awesome breakfast. Yum.
5	Good bagels and great variety of bagels and cream cheese. Sandwiches are good and plentiful. Always busy. :)
5	Great friendly staff and even better food. A must try! My son had the French toast bagel with maple raisin walnut cream cheese and he said it was heaven!!!
4	I love stopping here if i have time before work.  The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because a few times that I have placed orders to go to bring to work, in which my friend/coworker likes to eat her sunrise with meat sandwich with jelly/jam and they charge you at least 1.25 extra for that mind you, forget to give me that jelly!  So once i get to work thinking they were being efficient as ever, they were not.  Only disappointment I have.  They have the best breakfast sandwiches using their bagels are made for each other especially if you order the cheese bagels in substitution for their onion or whatever else.  They are not my favorite bagel of all time but they are the second in line in Arizona.  They will have my continued business if I am in the area.
4	Really popular place - the line was out the door! Even though they were busy and I had lots of questions they didn't rush me and were really friendly.Service was pretty quick too.They make their own cream cheeses - you have to try the Bacon Scallion, it is SO good!Nice breakfast sandwiches and mini blueberry muffins!
5	Love this place! Great bagels and sandwiches and they are always quick as I frequent here for lunch while at work.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. The staff is very sweet, the bagels rival those I've had at home in NY, and the prices are right where they should be. If you're looking for a great breakfast or brunch place, look no further.Overall, A++
5	The lox sandwich was DELICOUS. Cream cheese, soft, fresh bagels, lightly toasted, tomatoes, capers and onions. And the older lady working the counter was the sweetest lady ever! I will be back
5	This is an incredible place. I have been coming here for 4 years. The breakfast bagel sandwiches are incredible. I love the free mini muffin!
5	Nice folks. Good food and coffee. Place is clean.  Prices are reasonable. I'll remember them next time I'm in town.
5	Nice local bagel shop. Much better than the chains. I recommend the Sunrise with sausage...filing and good! I have also had the maple walnut cream cheese. It was outstanding! Great coffee...friendly staff!
5	Best bagel sandwich in town!  I love supporting local businesses, although the local bagel place (not associated with Kokobellis) that is closer to my house has rather disappointing bagels and even more disappointing bagel sandwiches. So when I stopped into Kokobelli I was excited to have found a local bagel place with a delicious selection.  Staff was attentive and my bagel was the perfect mix of soft, chewy, and crispy toasty.  The sandwich was delicious although I will forewarn that the bacon seemed to be the pre-cooked microwavable type.  But personally that doesn't bother me.  The deli meats and cheeses and the sauces were great.  I will definitely be back!
5	Quick, easy menu, delicious bagels! Breakfast sandwiches are great. Recommend sunrise with bacon on cheddar bagel! They even throw in a mini muffin with each sandwich. Splurge on espresso coffee cause their regular coffee isnt as strong as id like.
4	3.5 stars. I'll start off with the good. The bagels were amazing. Like best I have had awesome. Soft and chewy. Cream cheese was awesome. Wife had bagel melt and she loved it. I had bagel sandwich it was stellar. We ordered a cheese bagel with jalepeno cream cheese to give an accurate review. The sandwich and melt came with tasty little muffins. Awesome. The food again was stellar. And literally the best bagel I have ever had.Being a bagel place they should have a good iced tea product. Both iced teas the had were TERRIBLE. We live in Arizona to me Iced tea is a must. They chinced on tea and I could tell. Call a China Mist rep.The store feels crowded and cluttered and to make things worse, no tables were actually wiped off and the floor was full of crumbs and paper. The bathrooms were filthy and not attended to.We will definetly come back to see if the place is a little cleaner.But again kudos to Kokobelli for making the best bagel I have ever tasted.
4	Great variety!  Friendly workers.   The only thing I would improve would be that they should get a bigger place. It's a little crowded in there.  Otherwise, delicious bagels.
4	Good bagels and the bagels a lot bigger than most places! Everything my boyfriend and I ordered was great. There seems to be a good variety of spreads and bagels too.
5	Real NY Bagels!
5	This is our favorite bagel place in the East Valley. They have great customer service, insanely delicous bagels, unique sandwiches, and incredible coffee. My husband and I come here at least once a week and it's always fun trying new bagels and cream cheese flavors. The Bacon Scallion Cream Cheese is out of this world. We're proud to be regulars of such a wonderful place.
3	The bagels are delicious!!! The breakfast sandwiches are okay. They use the products that come pre-made and frozen like Dunkin' Donuts. What made up for that was the mini muffin that came with it. I ordered a latte also, I wouldn't recommend it. The steamer was left in the milk until it turned off on its own, you should steam milk at different levels for the proper texture and foam. I opened the cup and there was no foam whatsoever. The shining star here is the bagel, I will definitely come back for a bakers dozen (5.99).
