4	The newest show by Cirque (taking over for the underwhelming Viva Elvis show at Aria) does not disappoint! It's very classic CdS in many ways, but incorporates a lot of new digital video styling very seamlessly into the set design... which, WOW.  The set design and lighting really stole the show.  I was just completely amazed by it.  Really creative and beautiful.  Great music too.  The only meh/boo was the featured performer (acrobat) costumes, which were just kind of bland and didn't seem to mesh with the scenery or the act.  The clown/singer/background performer costumes were fabulous though.  I thought that the interlude performers were used pretty well throughout and were actually pretty funny, but some of the transitions were a bit long.  Which you will understand when you see all of the intricate sets.I saw it on the final dress rehearsal, so I can only assume it will be even better! (Not that there were any real problems or anything... it went pretty much perfectly).  Anyway, for those who like a storyline, this has the classic CdS pseudostory that you wouldn't know unless someone told you, but once you know, you can TOTALLY SEE IT.  Because you know how to use the internet, I'm not going to go into detail because there's another site called Wikipedia where you can learn all about it; but basically, it's about a magician who lost his love and magic and is trying to get it back in this world of crazy creatures.Did I mention how cool the set(s) are for this show? Most of the acts are things I've seen in other Cirque shows (trapeze, acrobats, hoops), but they intro'd a couple new things that just blew my mind.  Two words: Sand Art.  I don't want to ruin the surprise, but you'll know when you see it, and you will FREAK OUT.  A really great show, definitely a go see, and the tickets are reasonably priced as well.  We had seats on the front row of the second section back, and had a great view of everything going on, so I'm going to say there are probably no "bad" seats in the house.  Opens tonight! Go see it!
4	I enjoy watching Cirque du Soleil shows and I've seen all Cirque shows in Vegas except for Chris Angel (I'm not a fan).  Tonight was Zarkana's second night and my family and I got center third row tickets.  This show replaced Elvis (so flat and one-dimensional) and I'm glad as it was my least favorite Cirque show.  Zarkana was sold out for the first 2 nights so make sure you buy tickets way in advance.It is a very good show. Performers roaming around the theater before the actual performance.  We were part of the interaction as performers were horsing around with us.  It has depth and it was lively. Great costumes, make-up, props, set and performance. There were a few kinks/slight mishaps but I still enjoyed it and I'm glad all the performers were safe.  One of the clowns zipping above the audience threw us his neon leopard undies...too bad one of the ushers had to take it back.  It would've been a great souvenir. Haha!  It's everything you would expect from a Cirque du Soleil show.Now, here's where Zarkana ranks in my book:1. Love (Beatles)2. Ka3. Mystere...and Zarkana4. Immortal (Michael Jackson)Everything else in the middle.  Then Zumanity and Elvis at the bottom.
4	This show is a combination of a lot of different acrobatic acts.  The difference between here and other shows is they have live music.  However there is very little to the back story and it's hard to follow at times.We saw it on opening night and they had a few miscues.  2 acts that we thought were great:1)  a guy on a circular platform.  Seemed like he was connected by some strings when he was getting up.  Unreal2)  Lady drawing with sand.Overall good show if you have seen a lot of other cirque shows and need another one before making a second round.
4	We bought last minute tickets on opening weekend to Zarkana. This show is true to the Cirque du Soleil roots: (1) costumes that would be the envy of any Halloween party; (2) amazing feats of athleticism performed by an energetic cast; and (3) a story line that you pretend to understand, but really don't quite get it. Overall -- Great show that provides for a couple hours escape from the slot machines and tables that drain your pockets!
1	Let me start off by saying this was one of the worst Cirque du Soleil shows I have seen, even the ones that set up tent in cities around the nation are better.So we went to Aria to have dinner, and on the way there we decided to attend the new Zarkana show. We went up the elevator and got in line to buy tickets. After about 10 minutes we noticed we were in the "will-call" line and hopped on over to the "Buy tickets" line. Bad mistake, the buying ticket line was way slower. We ended up staying another 15-20 minutes and our line did not move at all, and we gave up and went to dinner.After dinner we went back to attempt at getting tickets again. The line had only 3 people and STILL took 10 minutes before we gave up again. Why does it take so long to sell a ticket to someone??As we were walking away, a couple that had comp'd tickets were unable to get in due to the fact they had a little child with them and gave the passes to me and my partner. We were a party of 4, but the others decided it was too much to pass up on 2 free tickets so we took them up on the offer. What's better then free Cirque du Soleil tickets?? So one thinks.We got in a few minutes after the show started and had some decent seats. About 30 minutes in I was lost as to what was happening. It seemed as if the production wasn't well written. Understandable that I was a few minutes late.. but I read a few other reviews and they stated the same thing. The acts were boring, nothing extraordinary and this show did not set it apart from any other Cirque du Soleil show. The best and funniest parts were the comedians that did their skits mid scene. I mean, when a shows best attribute is the intermission clown acts, that should say something.So to boil it down, don't waste your money. Go see the Beatles show or Mystere/Ka. My number one show is still the Beatles.All in all, horrible ticket sale customer service/wait and horribly written show. This show will fizzle out in a year or 2 (hopefully).
4	This is by far going to be my 6th favi cirque show...the have beautiful costumes an its non stop heart pounding performances...the performers are great at what they do...they def keep you in shock with the acts...the 2 clowns are very funny...the seating is very comfy...I would recommend coming to see this show if you can...it's not a show you would want to bring a smaller child to though...there are a few adults jokes an some scary images...overall a really great experience...
5	Absolutely amazing from start to finish. We sat on the right side, between the far right and middle and about 10 rows up or so. Comfy seats with cup holders. Very easy to get in and out. You can bring snacks in from the concession stand. The green juggling girl, the two dudes in the spinning circles, the girl jumping on and off the long stretchy platform...absolutely stunning. The only thing that I noticed is that the two clowns on a few occasions were filling up time and there performances weren't as funny anymore.
4	We were lucky enough to be invited to the premier last night.  Living in Vegas we've seen every cirque show there has been.   Elvis was a fluke but this is going to be a big hit.A few of the performers, such as the lone man dressed in white doing lifts solo, were a remake of other acts, but so far better there is little comparison.  I was amazed with his grace and flexibility.  A woman drawing with sand.  I really can't do it justice to try to explain.  You have to see it to understand but not like anything I've seen before and I could have watched her for hours.The costumes and visual effects were superb.  Live music , comfortable large couch like seating like I've never seen at any show.It's a Long performance that goes by quickly and mostly amazes and entertains.  This one is worth seeing and I expect it will improve with time
5	Could be one of the most enjoyable Cirque's for me yet.  I am a big fan of Mystere, so if lots of energy and elaborate acrobats are your thing, don't miss it.  Zarkana would be grouped with Mystere and Ka. The remainder of the strip Cirques are very unique and amazing.  I have not seen Chris Angel's Cirque show, and may not as it does not rate well.  I doubt anyone left this show unfulfilled.  Will see again next time in Vegas.
4	Soooo Ive seen every Cirque show in Vegas except Believe and Mystere... This show I was SOOOO EXCITED FOR! Since I work for MGM as a shows rep I got my 2 tickets and took Eva B. with me(Shes reaping the benefits of being my friend!! LOL)Initially we were at in section 201 row W seat 1 and 2, the seats we in an ok location, although I wouldve like to be centered! LOW AND BEHOLD an usher came by and took us away to section 203 2nd row, SCORE! GREAT SEATS IMO!! The visuals were absolutely amazing! The performers, like in any Cirque show, walk around the audience prior to the show which is fun! The theatre itself is the old Viva Elvis theatre and has nice wide comfy seats! The seating is a nice stadium seating and lower 102, 103, and 104 are banquette type sofa seats.Zarkana has some aspects of KA (which is my fave) but some stunts were a lot more dangerous! The performers themselves were also VERY ATTRACTIVE which is a def plus!  My fave acts were def all the acrobats dressed in yellow, the 2 men without harness on the KA like wheel thing, the lady who did the sand drawing (freaking amazing!) and really all of them! LOL. Here they have the stage surounded by lcd tvs so the theme is shown on there: snakes( HAHAHA EVA LOVED THEM!!) clowns, roses at the end! Awesome! The show is very visually appealing and fun! Eva and I were both gasping and closing our eyes with some of the stunts!The only thing I didnt like was not being able to follow the story line. Believe it or not KA and O do have story lines as does Zarkana! I wanna give Zarkana 5 stars, alas they still need to work out some kinks! Great show nonetheless!
3	It's more like a 3.5 star rating. As it is with Cirque shows, there just seems to be a lot of random stuff going on. I didn't notice a storyline (so far only KA has one), which is pretty normal for a Cirque show. I definitely wouldn't put this on the top of my Vegas Cirque shows. I noticed that one act from KA wasn't in this showing (even though I see a picture of it here on yelp) and a co-worker had told me about it. So maybe they're changing it each time or something. *shrugs*Not too much stood out to me in this show so it's just okay. For now, at least. Who knows what will be changed in the future.I've seen all the Vegas Cirque shows...1. KA (MGM)2. Mystere (TI)3. "O" (Bellagio)4. Michael Jackson Immortals5. LOVE (Mirage)6. Viva Elvis (Aria) *gone7. Zumanity (NYNY)8. Criss Angel Believe (don't bother with this show)That's pretty much the right order in terms of preference, too.
4	This is my second Cirque show, and I have to say, this one really NAILED the Cirque in Cirque du Soleil. So much was going on at once that I could not even pay attention to all the detail put into it. I would find myself trying to focus on one thing, only to notice something else happening in the background! There were acts of juggling and balancing, as well as tightrope walking to random intermissions.When someone asks me to describe Zarkana to them, I respond with:Have you ever seen the circus acts at the Circus Circus midway? Well, Zarkana is pretty much the Circus acts reinvented on steroids.There were a LOT of breathtaking moments where I was scared for the performers. One small slip-up and they could have gotten REALLY hurt (Gravity is definitely not their friend during their performance). Of course, their safety harnesses are sometimes visible throughout the act, but it is always better to be safe than sorry, right?If you are into circus acts, then this show is a definite must! However, if you prefer something.... more? I would suggest Cirque du Soleil's Ka.
4	Zarkana by Cirque du Soleil show at the Aria was an amazing show. I highly suggest sitting towards the front to appreciate everything. They say this show is a visually stunning acrobatic spectacular. I highly agree, some of the routines the performers did was a bit extreme and dangerous. This show will have your heat beating fast, waiting to see  any accidents would happen to the acrobats. Zarkana originated from Radio City Music Hall located in New York City, which later became popular in Moscow and Madrid.The set was amazing! The set contained 3 main arches. If you pay attention the largest arch represents a snake woman, whose slithering character are pretty much ran by snakes. The second arch is somewhat a vine lady whose vines dominate the abandon theater. The third arch represents a some form of a lady and a scientist that had created her. With Cirque du Soleil shows you have to pay close attention to really understand what's going on.Zarkana was inspired through Art Nouveau movement which consisted artists like Atoni Gaudi, Gustav Klimit and Rene Lalique. All this can be seen throughout the performances. Specially within the acrobatic equipments which were highly inspired by Lalique.Some of my favorite acts were the Banquine which consisted an acrobatic team of 15 or more. They did human pyramids and aerial crossovers, really dangerous, without any pads or nets.I also enjoyed the ladder trio, which a man places a ladder over his head while a woman is climbing up and down and adding more ladders.. very  intense.My most favorite act was the sand painting. I was amazed how this woman was able to create a painted image using sand.If your a Cirque du Soleil fan i highly recommend Zarkana. You will enjoy it's artistic beauty along with it's intense acrobatic performance. Even if your not the Cirque Du Soleil type who doesn't understand the stories, this show will keep you entertained and off your seats.
1	Wow.......for all the wrong reasons. My wife and I have seen a good amount of Cirque shows as well as other big shows offered in Vegas. When I saw previews about Zarkana I was pretty excited for its arrival. Without giving away too much about the show I'll just list the pro's and con's:BAD:- There was too much singing involved. I'm not 100% sure about this show but for other Cirque shows their songs are from made up languages. So essentially you're just listening to people sing and screech in gibberish.- The acrobatics were pretty boring and they kept on screwing up to the point it got annoying. This happened for at least 3-4 of the acts. - There might be a deeper meaning that I probably didn't understand but nobody in our group of 4 understood what the show was about.GOOD:- The  cannon scene.I would definitely NOT recommend this show to anyone. It was insanely boring, the story lacked direction and the singing was very annoying. KA still reigns supreme for Cirque shows(seen O, Zumanity, Ka and Zarkana). If you want humor I would highly suggest watching Absinthe in Caesars, which is our favorite show in Vegas.
4	Being a Vegas local, I've seen every Cirque and Cirque-like show on the strip.  Love the theater and the "love seat" type seating in the lower orchestra.  I thought the show had a good energy and pace.  The sets were visually amazing; at some points, the screens meshed so well with the actors, I couldn't tell what was digital.  I think the singing complimented each act accordingly, and the corresponding score really got your heart going during some of the acrobatics.  Totally did the "gasp" with the rest of the audience.Overall.. two thumbs up.  Not too naughty (Zumanity), not catered too much towards the kids ('Mystere' and 'KA'), not heavily musical like 'Love' and does not include water like 'O' or 'Le Reve' - go see it.
3	I think growing up on Cirque shows has made me become a bit of a Cirque Nazi. I've seen so many shows that my expectations for this one was extremely high, being new to the Vegas strip and all. On the day of, I did a little research and according to NY Times' Theatre column, "Zarkana' is a fantastically bizarre world where we follow the adventures of Zark, a magician who has lost his love and, with her, his powers. As he cries and begs for her return he is plunged into a world inhabited by surreal creatures."....I left the theatre like.. WHEN DID ALL THAT HAPPEN?Seriously if I didn't do my research, I really wouldn't have any clue on what the story or theme was. I will give them some cred for the staging though. I've noticed the more recently produced Cirque shows are using more and more digital effects with a back screen to really add that extra mystical flair. And I love it. It's hard to not pay attention and get excited because the vibrant colors and the intricate stage props used in each scene. But at the same time, near the end of the show I found myself playing on Instagram while the girl sitting in front of me was checking out her Facebook. For me, and like I said, I'm somewhat of a critical Nazi when it comes to these shows, I just felt like it seemed near the end, it became really slow when that should be when it picks up the most. I think the thing I really disliked the most was, sadly, I felt the clown segments were just dull. They weren't as funny and entertaining, rather boring and time consuming. However, with some new acts and beautiful costume designs, I could say you'll get to experience at least some magical moments.  The show is 1 1/2 hour long, biggest advice I could possibly give you is if you decide to go...BRING A JACKET. The theatre is FREEZING.
5	I was not too sure about going to see this show since there were not too many reviews in on yelp yet, and they do not offer this show at a discount at the half price places yet. So I got an email from them about getting 25% off of the show so that night we decided to go since we could a discount, and I am glad that we did. First this show does not seem to have a story, or if it does we did not catch it, but that is ok. This show seems to be closer to that of watching a circus with some great costumes and set designs. There is a bit of juggling, high wire walking, trapeze artists, clowns, and ladder and balancing acts. If you are in the mood for this type of show then go see this, you won't be disappointed.
4	Excellent show and a really great date night experience!!We sat in row E and I wouldn't suggest sitting any close. As with most Cirque shows, the most expensive seats rob you of the full experience. Zarkana is unique, fun and engaging. Without ruining the show, I will tell you there are several characters who you can fall in love with, scenes that captivate your imagination and original takes on classic circus tricks. There are a few people and scene that could be removed, and I'm sure they will be addressed with some retooling. See Zarkana now so you know what we're talking about!!!
2	Well after watching any Cirque Du Soleil show, you've seen it all, I really wished they used some new ideas instead of recycling old acts from previous shows and placing them all into Zarkana. Lady juggling balls, the big Ring, Chair balancing??? I think the highlight of this show was the lady who creates art with sand --- that was an amazing.I don't know why they ever got rid of Elvis, I thought that was a Good show, Great music, fun up beat and they had a stripper poll which I thought was different from the other Cirque Du Soleil and you get to see a hot looking young Elvis all night.If you were to see a Cirque Du Soleil show I would just go to "O" I don't think anything can top that.
4	I really enjoyed Zarkana.  It's more circus than any other Cirque shows.  It moves along well.  The two most attention grabbers for me were the music and the graphics projected on the panels in back of the performers.  They were just amazing and added so much to the live performers.The show is a series of circus acts, some the same that you've seen in other Cirque shows, and some that are new or have a new twist.  Throughout, there are two clowns who are very captivating and funny.  They grab your attention and you can't help but smile and laugh.I really don't care if there's a story or not.  It's nebulous at best.  For those who want a story, go see a play.  If you want to see some excellent performers who do great circus acts, then see Zarkana.
4	Really liked the show. I watched Elvis when it was in the Aria... and it made me miss the whole "Cirque" feeling. Zarkana def was a great choice for Aria to replace Elvis. It has the normal Cirque du Soleil intermissions and humor. Really loved the main singer of the show as well.
3	This is a tough one....It's a Cirque show!  If you've been to any Cirque's shows, it's not on the same level as the others.  Don't get me wrong, it makes you say hummmm....It keeps you interested enough, but sometimes my mind wondered away from the show during some of the not so interesting parts of the show!  I just don't know how to describe this show!  I was so intrigued with the special effects of the show, I would love to know how they did that, or this.I would recommend it, but  I wouldn't pay top dollar for the VIP section, noise bleed section for this show is good enough.
4	Whether you've seen Cirque shows before or this will be your first one, I wouldn't say it's a "must-see".  But it was certainly entertaining like the other Cirque's!  Many of the acts seemed to be recycled from other shows, but the sand art act was a real treat!  The theater is comfortable and very nice.  They usually have two-for local deals for Cirque shows so if you can manage to get one of those, it's a good show to see and a nice night out.  But don't pay hundreds.
5	I don't see why everyone is hating on Zarkana. I thought the show was thoroughly enjoyable and this is coming from someone who has a tendency to fall asleep at the theater while watching movies (one of which was Batman). I loved the acrobatic act and the clowns between the main acts were really funny. We sat in section B, but you really don't have to sit close to the stage in order to enjoy the show. The theater is designed well so that you can get a good view pretty much anywhere.I have to admit that this was my first Cirque du Soleil so I can't compare it to the other shows.
3	Went last night with my husband on a date! Had a blast. There wasn't a story line but I really enjoyed everything! The sand lady was awesome along  with the wheel of death! Excellent show! -2 stars for no story line, and the  few bland, yawn inducing moments! Otherwise  BRAVO!
2	I should start by saying that I'm an avid Cirque fan, and I've seen all the Vegas Cirque shows 3 times each (except for the Chris Angel one which I will only see if I'm threatened by people with guns). I love them all. I even love most of the traveling cirque shows. But Zarkana was very disappointing (see below).Many of the acts were recycled. I've already seen the contraption with the two spinning wheels (picture rat wheels for humans). I've seen the trapeze acts, and I've seen the annoying clowns for comic relief.  I'm SO OVER the clown antics. But Zarkana did have something that the other Cirque shows don't have. MANY MAJOR MISTAKES in the performances. Literally, the night I went, every single act had an accident where someone fell. One was so bad that the show basically stopped for 10 minutes and we didn't get to see the high wire act at all.  It got to the point where it was uncomfortable to watch b/c I was nervous for the next performers to also fall on their faces. I had no confidence or faith in their skills after a while. They need more training or something.  I understand occasional mistakes occur, but this was ridiculous. If we had to miss full acts, there should be some kind of discount or something. Oh, and I didn't even know there was a plot until I read these reviews. It's definitely not clear. But I never care about the plot anyway. Having said the negatives, the theater is nice, the seats were comfortable, and the sets look expensive. The sand art was cool, but it dragged on way too long. This is the 1st cirque show that I've walked out of.  If you're new to Cirque shows, please go see Ka, Love, or O before seeing this. Or even Le Reve or Absinthe. I'm a Vegas show junkie, so those are my recommendations.
5	My first time at a Cirque show but it won't be my last. Excellent show!! Would definitely see it again! Highly recommend
2	Two words: HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.  I had high expectations due to the fact that Zarkana is the newest show on the strip.  The theater is gorgeous which got me even more excited.  Also, ticket prices are around $150 a pop so I assumed it would be a DECENT show.......   Boy was I wrong.  I should have listened to the previous reviews :[ I didn't think it would be this bad..... During the second (high-wire ) set,  the performer fell off within 2 seconds into the act... This caused the audience to sit through almost 10 minutes of staring at an inactive stage.....   Afterwards, I just felt uncomfortable and nervous. I saw the performers make 3 other mistakes..... Which got me even more nervous for their safety!  I just wanted it to be over.. Overall, there is no story line - which I didn't really mind but the transitions didn't seem to flow..  My favorite was the sand artist - which is ridiculous cuz I thought I paid for a cirque du soleil show.... The acts kept me some-what interested but had no real WOW factor.. The level of difficulty seemed comparable to the free acts you can see at Circus Circus up the strip.  But hey, I'm no show critic.......... If you're as skeptical as I was - go see for yourself! I want my money back. -__-
1	Aria is a fabulous resort and the Cirque du Soleil Zarkana theater is one of the best we have been to in Vegas and deserves 5 stars.  However we are being generous to give this 1 star.  Don't waste your money on this boring, mindless theatrical disaster.   We have seen Cirque shows going back to the beginning when you sat on wooden benches in tents and have enjoyed everyone with the exception of this production.  The description on their web page reads in part "Chaos and Craziness" and that is how you will feel, chaos of the senses and crazy for paying for a ticket.  The acrobatics which are phenomenal in other productions are almost non existent in this one.  The music is horrendous, the female lead singer screeches her way through every song.  The clowns are not funny, the costumes in one set look like something out of a radiation disaster.  We left the theater totally baffled thinking that this was a cruel joke on all of us who have followed Cirque for years.  Reputation alone should not be the reason to go see something, wish someone would have written a review prior to our spending money on this nightmare.   Use the money you would have paid for this show to go see "O" which is one of the best Cirque productions ever!
2	I normally really like the Cirque du Soleil shows, but for some reason, this one was just way too weird for me.  I thought the two main clowns were funny and got a good laugh out of them, but the rest of the show I just did not get.  For a permanent show, I expected amazing acrobatics and stunts, but the acts in here just seemed cliche and not very special.  I don't know if its because its the 4th Cirque du Soleil show I've seen and they can only make up so many stunts, but this is definitely my least favorite.  I could do without the singing and the creepy monsters.
1	I saw the show in Vegas tonight. I almost puked. The clown time was too much and they were not even funny. The number of acrobatic shows were pretty much 4 scattered around the clown show. The only impressive one was the girl juggling the balls, The trapeze show was short and the guys couldn't even do the simplest turns and one fell off. What an amateur show for 150 bucks. Never again.
5	I rate the Las Vegas Stageshow Zarkana by Cirque du Soleil 5 of 5 stars. Zarkana is currently performing at the Aria Hotel and Casino in City Center, Las Vegas, NV. I have seen several other shows by Cirque du Soleil and noticed a trend away from their roots (for example, Elvis by Cirque du Soleil (now closed at Aria)). I am very pleased with Zarkana as a clear return to the type of show I expect from CdS. Much like the original Mystere with significant modernizations and improvements, this show is all about the talented performers with the expected visually overpowering style of CdS. Not alot of story; not alot of famous people; not much stuff other than the basic CdS performances. Great staging! Great action! Visually stunning and alot of serious fun! I can highly recommend Zarkana and list it atop my favorite show list. Yes, I will see Zarkana again on my next visit to Aria Las Vegas.
4	What a great show!  I paid full price and don't regret it at all.As other reviewers have pointed out, the plot seems disjointed.  There is no continuity between scenes.  Once you accept that it is a collection of stories and not a collection of scenes to a larger story (unlike many other Cirques) you will thoroughly enjoy yourself.  First, the music is incredible.  Zarkana is one of the best of the Cirques with respect to the original soundtrack.Second the imagery is stunningly beautiful.  Every setting was like an exquisite Van Gogh or Monet.  Colors and lights flowed from the canvas-stage as naturally as breathing.  Thirdly, the acrobatics were good.  There were two obvious mistakes but the performers recovered gracefully.  This was easily made up for in the flawless executions of the juggling and ladder scenes, and the four person shoulder stand that was part of the last few minutes of the show.  Overall, I would gladly see this again next time I stay at the Cosmopolitan or Aria, but there are a few others I haven't seen yet that will win my business first (La Reve and O, specifically).
3	A good show... with a few odd factors that reduce my opinion.First... I did not read about the storyline of Zarkana beforehand (because I didn't want to ruin the suspense of the storyline).  Throughout the show I sat there, puzzled as to what Zarkana was trying tell us.  What IS he?  a sorcerer?  a wizard?  what language is everyone speaking and singing in?  At one point I thought it was Italian... I did not realize that all Cirque shows are in "cirque speak" (ie nonsensical language that gives no clue as to the storyline).Acrobatics were great... my favorite act was the Cyr Wheel act (now I want one for myself!).  Unfortunately, the highwire act was ruined as one of the performers ran into the swinging ball of fire and fell approximately 2 seconds in to the act.  At first we all thought it was part of the act (nothing made sense anyways... why not set someone on fire and spice things up a bit?) but as the remaining performer stood motionless, deflated and perplexed, it was obvious that it was a mistake.There was so much WHY in the show.  Why is there a woman caught in a spiderweb?  Why is there a singing, writhing lady emerging from a flower high in the air?  Why is someone stuck in a bottle and hosting a funeral?  It was all entertaining but very confusing.The musicians were AMAZING.  Energetic and fun to watch on the sidelines, well-rehearsed.The show ends with the appearance of "Lea".  As Zark points at her happily and states "Lea!" we all wonder, who is Lea?  It turns out that Zark was singing and gesturing about Lea the entire show.  Lesson learned:  READ the storyline before you go- maybe it will make more sense to you.
3	More like a 3.5. I felt the act was just ok - nothing new and wayyy overpriced. But the backdrop was beautiful, the use of colors was magnificent and some of the costumes were gr8. This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and I was expecting a lot better at 125 bucks a head. I should have read the reviews on Yelp before getting my tickets. Save your money for the other Cirque shows.
3	You remember when Flat Screen TVs first came out on the market, when Plasma TVs first arrived on the scene?  My eyes were memorized.  My reaction was "WOW"!  "This tv is so clear and I can even put it on the wall!"But as time passed and flat screens, LCDs, LEDs, and even 3D TVs gradually improved, my reaction was apathetic.  It was no longer a big deal.Maybe it's just Zarkana.  Maybe it's just the fact that I've seen every flip, stunt, amazing acrobatic feat performed before in previous Cirque du Soleils. The Zarkana theater is beautiful.  The technology used was eye catching.  The performers did amazing stuff.  Juggling, human trapeze, every circus stunt imaginable that requires an uncanny amount of agility, athleticism, and skill.  Not to mention how much they must have to practice.  What we talkin bout ALLEN!!!:  http://youtu.be/d29VsG35DQM(watch clip) But I was unmoved by Zarkana.  I felt nothing.  More than thinking about how good the show was I thought more about the fact that I was $316 poorer after the show.  I thought the girl that juggles those balls and all the great performers were great, don't get me wrong.  But the honeymoon is over.  I didn't feel it.  Maybe it's me... Maybe it's just Zarkana.  But.... I want a divorce.
2	Oh No, the first Cirque to suck!  If you've never seen Cirque, then see this one first, you won't be disappointed.  If you've seen others or if you're like me, seen ALL of them in Vegas, Orlando and San Francisco, then you'll be so bored you'll be tempted to ask for your money back and write to corporate cirque, demanding a refund and an apology for tricking a loyal fan into seeing a rehash of the hohum moments taken from other cirques.
4	I came here taking advantage of the local promotion they were offering.  I liked the setting of the theater.  Very colorful.  I did felt that people may be confuse of which door to enter from when the doors open before the show.  I had balcony seats which meant that I would enter from the side and make my way upstairs.  Seats were totally fine.  I had no obstructions at all in the center.  The show is 90 mins long.  The show is entertaining and VERY colorful.
1	Extreme dissapointment.   Saw the show December 30.  I love theatre of all types and have never considered writing a bad review or leaving a show.   For the price we paid at a reputable casino, we thought we were in for a wonderful Cirque show.  My girlfriend and I have seen several Cirques and we should have just left in the middle of the show - as others were doing - but we kept hoping it would get better.The show is advertised as highly acrobatic where in fact, a great majority of the show were two clowns farting, wasting time on an electric chair skit and just overall distasteful waste of time and energy.Haveing recently seen Le Reve, where the performers were over the top professional and in sync, several of the Zarkana performers didn't connect, seeminly lacking all athletic abilities.  Several feel into the net - the bodies were shaking so hard they couldn't complete their handstands - nearly dropping the other performers to the point we thought it was mocking what a traditional Cirque show would be (and our seats were high up in the theater).  it was like watching a dress rehearsal.The muscians were amazing, yet the characters feel short of keeping in sync even from one scene to the next.  As we left the theatre, many others voiced their dissapointment and people looked like they had just attended a funeral.  Again, have never written or vocalized a bad review but we were so unhappy with so many aspects, we woke up the next day and called the box office and after several transfers and confirmation from the management that we were not the only ones dissapointed and that they were trying to work out the kinks - we were directed to go to the box office to see about a partial refund - again, something we had never ever considered.  We did receive 25% back - which honestly, after paying $250 for two people - was still an insult, but the managers completely understood as this was not the first time he had heard this.  We would have been unhappy paying $49 - so it really wasn't about the money as much as the principle.  Any high priced live show should have a certain amount of expected professionalism and expecially with the Cirque brand behind it.
5	Oh Zarkana, how you've changed from the previous Elvis setup. This stage was very vibrant and colorful, but I was unsure of the storyline as opposed to other shows (Ka, Mystere, Varekai, etc)Loved that there were similar acts from other performances and as much as I'm an coulrophobic... the two in Zarkana provided funny skits.
2	$600 for the 4 of us and I can't wait for the show to end so we could leave. Don't waste your money!!
3	I'd really like to give this act a 5 star for the skill it takes to perform these acts. It looks so difficult but they manage to make it look flawless. Alone the performers are amazing. Simply talented. I loved the guy in all white (nice bod) and the sand artist lady. Very cool. I'm not a fan of the comedy relief in between. The clowns always creep me out. I had excellent seats. Very comfortable. Very nice stage and props. I loved the digital screens that surrounded the stage. I basically rated this a 3-star based on other comparisons to other Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen. It wasn't really any different than the rest. It was a wonderful show but being the newest show in Vegas, I expected something different than what I've seen before.  If you've never seen a Cirque show, then YES you will be moved. You will even love it. But if you have seen 5+ shows, don't expect anything different than the rest. Overall, I was entertained and felt very lucky to have the seats we had. It was the best location I've ever sat at for a Cirque Du Soleil show ever. It was definitely a treat.
4	Another spectacular performance by Cirque du Soleil!  The theater at the Bellagio Hotel is so beautiful, and the cushioned seats are much larger and much cozier than usual.  Call me weird, but seriously, those seats were super soft and comfortable and made me feel all different and happy!!  Overall the show that I watched on the Christmas Day of 2012 was not perfect but still very great!  Some minor performance mistakes took place like a performer dropping a small ball while she was throwing and playing with 10+ balls in her hands; she has done a great job anyways, and all humans can make mistakes, right?!  The best part of the show that I have enjoyed a lot and just cannot forget is the sand art!  The sand artist was all by herself on the stage creating all kinds of fabulous pictures on the sand table, which was super duper cool and ahhhhhhh-mazing!  Anyhoo, Zarkana is such a fabulous show that all Cirque du Soleil fans should not miss!  Go watch it guys!!
2	By far, the least impressive Cirque du Soleil show I have seen.  The performers are all amazing, but for some reason, it was not showcased or directed well.We spent over $130 on each ticket, and we had excellent seats, which were very comfortable, But the show seem to drag on.  The sand artist was really cool and different.
3	I liked this cirque show. It a lot like the old school cirque how's. IE: Mystere. It's back to the circus roots for sure. It wasn't my favorite cirque show but I definitely liked it. It's worth a visit for sure. A few elements I've seen in other cirque shows like Ka. The female singer wears some of the BEST costumes in the whole show including the famous "spider" costume from the poster.
4	I'm actually kind of surprised to see all of these two and three star reviews for Zarkana. I really enjoyed it, minus the creepy big headed baby on the LCD screen.The Zarkana theater is located at the Aria, and likewise, its architecture is just as beautiful and well thought-out. We were seated in the second tier of seats, but in the second row or so and had a great view of everything. I'm okay with not seeing the strained looks on the performers' faces as the do their crazy tricks. I think where we were sitting gave us the opportunity to focus on the individual acts and the outlying performers all at once. So if there was some storyline for this, I missed it. I think the big headed cartoon baby freaked me out too much and then I got distracted by the juggling lady, the trapeze artists, the guy who could apparently carry a ladder and a woman on himself while standing on a ladder, well, you get the picture. The theme, however, is very circus-y, complete with a ringleader who sings in a language I do not understand. There are many Cirque shows to choose from in Vegas now, so do a bit of research on youtube first to see which theme best suits your interest :)
5	An Amazing Cirque du Soleil production....I loved it! The theatre is gorgeous and the couch-type seating made this perhaps one of the most comfortable theatres I've ever seen. The show was 1 1/2 hours of constant "oohs and ahhhs".......and "how do they do thats?"I've seen Ka, O, The Beatles, & Mystere in Vegas.....Zarkana was different. I think I liked the uniqueness of it.  Some fave acts: The tennis ball juggler, the artist who drew images with sand, the balancing ladder acrobat, the tightrope walkers, the gymnast extraordinaire who displayed total body strength....the list goes on. Level of acrobatics: 10. The singing was great. I could do without the gibberish talk and the planted audience member. Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed Zarkana. Go see it. But "O" is still my favorite.....
4	I have seen several Cirque shows:  La Nouba, Zumanity, O, Mystere, and Love.  This one is so visually stunning you can't help but oooh and ahhhh.  I agree with some of the other reviewers about the creepy baby, but it does go along with some of the oddball-ish whimsy of Cirque shows.  The stage design is amazing and the theatre is very comfortable.  Alongside O & Love, this ranks in my top 3.  Side note- I did appreciate the variety of acts also.  The lady with the sand art was amazing!! Never seen anything like that in any other show!
2	I'm fortunate to have been able to see all of the Cirque shows in town, yes, even that dreadful Criss Angel one, so I was looking forward to checking this one out. Seats were on the second level, center, provided a great view. I saw Elvis when it was still there and sat floor level but I thought either seat location provided good views of the stage. I think if you had seen the other productions in town, this one sort of pales in comparison. The set looked great, but most of the acts had been done in other Cirque shows before, and on a much grander scale. The parts that stood out for me were the tennis balls act and the sand artist, which, even that one I had seen similar vids of on youtube years before too. Nothing really stood out as exceptional though. Although I gotta agree with the seats in this theater, really really comfortable.
5	Awesome show! Go see it!
5	I'd like to consider myself somewhat of a aficionado of cirque shows (I've seen 15) and this was probably my favorite!!! The production, design and costumes were STUNNING!!!! You really can't go wrong with ANY cirque show!! I know a lot of people hesitate because of ticket prices... But believe me when I say they are worth every penny!! This show was amazing!! The performances were incredible!  Go see this show!!
4	The Vdara 2-Night Weekday Show package is pretty good. It includes 2 free Large popcorns, drinks at Gold lounge, VIP passes to Gold lounge and 2 night stay for $350.00 plus fees and tax.I ordered the Sangria at the drink concession for $16+ but it was not that good. Stay away from that one! I didn't want it to go to waste.. so..Zarkana Show is visually striking. The performers are excellent. I had the most fun watching the two clowns (I am NOT a fan of clowns but they were pretty darn funny - NO CREEPY Vibe!) With a deal like this.. Yay! I am a fan.. but to buy the tickets separately with fees and all.. not really.
3	The performers are really good, but the show itself is not as good as the KA show. However, it's more expensive than KA.
2	Absolutely gorgeous theater!! Spectacular costumes!!  Most of the acts were great!!  My fave, the cheerleader stunt squad at the end - coming from a former cheerleader :) heheHOWEVER, (and that's a big, fat however), the clowns are just completely out of control.  Seriously, Cirque, what the eff??? WHYYY so many flippin' obnoxious & annoying clownsssssssssss??????  That totally ruined your show!!  I will say, this is a very dark & gloomy Cirque, there is no story-line (KA is the only Vegas Cirque that has an actual story-line).  Several death aspects, which I strongly disliked (example the use of an electric chair by clowns, they were almost making fun of it - that in my opinion, is not really something to be made fun of or "clowned" around about-no pun intended).  The acts were really good, but the in between, filler, clown-garbage made me strongly dislike it.Um, some was good/cool, the rest will keep me away.  I have no desire to see it again, well, maybe if they do away with those clown turds. Ugh.
3	Well, where do I begin. I wasn't totally impressed! Some was good, some was bad. I would not see it again.The theater was incredibly gorgeous!! The costumes were ok!!  My favorite act was the couple on the hoop and silks.The clowns during stage set-up times were boring!  This Cirque is  very dark & gloomy , there is no story-line.  Several death aspects, which I strongly disliked (example the use of an electric chair by clowns, they were almost making fun of it - that in my opinion, is not really something to be made fun of!
4	What an amazing and talented show!I was thoroughly entertained and there were some acts that I was just on the edge of my seat, particularly the two men on the spinning hamster wheel type thing.  One of the men tripped on his rope in mid air.  Holy cow I was so scared for him, but as a professional, he knew what to do.Other favorite acts was the juggler and sand artist.I loved the clowns.  I normally hate clowns but the Zarkana clowns were so likeable and funny.  My favorite was the girl who kept the clowns in CHECK, you GO girl hahaThe music was striking and absolutely beautiful.The only thing I disliked was the strange baby thing in the aquarium? Creeeeepy! And the hoop section where the digital displays were so distracting and almost overwhelming.  My poor mom felt almost nauseated with all the eyes.
3	I hate those clowns!!
2	Oh lordy.I really wanted to like this show, y'all. I am a bit of a Cirque aficionado. I never know whether or not to be sheepish about that, like it's a little bit weird and embarrassing? But yeah, I am kind of a Cirque fanatic. There, I said it.So anyway, uh. Zarkana. I was so excited to finally see it. It was the lynchpin of my whole trip to Vegas this time. We're going to Vegas! Why? To see Zarkana! (And do all that other stuff we like to do in Vegas, too. Like smoke everywhere yeahhhh!)I digress. I hated the show. Hated. The origin of it being a musical turned into cirquish kind of helped explain why the songs were so stupid and operatic and un-Cirque-like, at least. But that doesn't, y'know, make it okay.In a lot of cases, the sets and even the costumes actually took away from the acrobatics. I was really upset when sometimes one or more of the acrobats were obscured by parts of the set or troupe performers (I think I remember this happening during Cyr wheel). Can I also just say? This is important: worst clowns ever. EVER.I already don't like clown acts. They always seem like filler. But I'd just got done seeing Saltimbanco like a week before seeing Zarkana, and Saltimbanco had the BEST clown act ever. SO AMAZING. ACTUALLY FUNNY. So by comparison, Zarkana's terrible clowns seemed even more terrible. They need to fix all that. But honestly the whole rest of the show was so bad that I think it would be a horrible thing to do to the awesome Saltimbanco clown to put him in that show.Gah. Guys, I just don't think this show is fixable. I had such high hopes, too.On the upside, the theater is absolutely frickin' gorgeous. So my advice would be to grab a drink and wander over, and instead of buying tickets to the show, just stand in the lobby going "oooooh, pretty lights" for a couple of hours during the show. Or just stay at the video roulette table, they seem to stay kinda busy at Aria.
4	Circue really delivers with this show!   Instead of the same old thing, 80% of the show was things I have never seen before.  Considering I have seen every Circue and Cirque knock off show that is quite an accomplishment.  The sets used for the show utilized modern technology and were quite impressive.  The best part of the show was a artist who painted using sand on top of a glass screen which was simultaneously projected onto a screen so the audience could watch.  This part of the show was simply amazing and worth the price of admission by itself.  I highly recommend seeing this show.
1	Truely SCARY !!!!! PLEASE DO NOT SEE THIS SHOW, IF YOU HAVE FEARS OR PHOBIA"S!  THIS SHOW SHOULD WAS A WARNING LABLE ON THE TICKETS.Zarkana Zarkana Zarkana......Where should I start?!WHAT I LIKED: 1. I really like the woman who did the "sand art" the fortune teller that was my favorite part.2.Back drop/ scene changes.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE:98% of it.SNAKES:I did miss a HUGE portion of the show because I had my head burried in my fiancee's shoulder, almost in tears.  I am DEATHLY afraid of snakes and there was a whole scene that included SNAKES. I was scared and uncomfortable after that and my eyes were darting about looking for the closest exit sign because of the irrational fear I was battling. ClOWNS: Once again my second worst fear in life CLOWNS.  They are freaky tacky and are always hiding something under there smiles. Perhaps knives as they kill you smile and laugh at you as your dying on the floor.... I was sweating the whole show, I was like having texas chain saw massacre man coming at me the entire time.   Please be mindful and if you have heart conditions don't see it.
3	It's a good show...fantastic musicians but still not as good as O.
2	Not one of the better Cirque shows.First of all let me say, ALL of the Cirque shows showcase amazing, talented beyond belief athlete/performers.  And if it was one of your first Cirque shows you have seen you would most likely love it.  Luckily I have seen many Cirque shows and some multiple  times.  After you have seen all those shows,  you start to get jaded and have a different point of view.  That being said - Zarkana is weak, compared to the other shows.Most Cirque shows start off with a bang, something big, something breathtaking.  Zarkana starts with a juggling act.  Wow.  The show then goes thru several run of the mill circus acts.  A trapeze,  another flag juggling act.  A solo gymnast act .  The best act is the spinning wheel with a circle on each end.  With the fake "I almost tripped routine." A woman artist making pictures in sand.  Cool? Yes.  If we were out on the Strip sidewalk and I was wasting time.  Not after I paid $130 to sit in a theatre.  It just feels as if they are running out of ideas.  Its very uninspired.  The music and the band is incredible.  Very talented.  I loved the score.  The costumes and the set were great.  THE CLOWNS ARE HORRIBLE.  I don't mind a little clown-time filler.  But this is beyond that.  Yes we should be entertained in between set changes, (good time for the juggling act)  but there were many times the set is wide open, nothing is being changed and we are tortured by unfunny clown antics.  .  It feels as if they are trying to fill time to lengthen the show.  Bottom line, Burt says you're better off seing O for the 3rd time.  Or La Reve, or Absinthe.
2	VERY DISAPPOINTED.....show was very boring. My husband fell asleep and I found myself dozing off.  I was really looking forward to this show because it was the newest of the CD shows in Vegas and I am a big fan. However, I felt there was really nothing exciting about  the show. As the show progressed, I kept waiting for something spectacular to happen but it never did. I should have read the reviews before I purchased the tickets.
1	------ZARKANA------What a disappointment (Epic failure) only reason why I'm so mad is because we paid over $350 to see this show. We purchased 2 tickets and 2 tickets were comped they were in section 104 row B for last Sundays show. This is the worst Cirque du Soleil performance I have ever seen. The performance acts were average, I have seen them before at Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus for a lot less. The clowns were not funny the costumes sucked, they need to remove the guy who sings. Please do not waste your money on this show go to Mystere instead. Cirque needs to change the acts or it will fail like the Elvis show too. The only positive thing about the show is the beautiful theater and the comfortable sofa we sat in
4	Loved the show! It doesn't compare to some of the better Cirque shows, but I appreciate how uniquely it was done. There were some heart-racing moments where I was absolutely certain someone on stage was going to end up in the hospital, a lot of theatrical singing, amazing costumes, and likeable clown antics. Though this show did not live up to some other Cirque shows I've been to, I was still thoroughly entertained and left satisfied.
4	This show is good with multiple different acts. Each act is exciting and entertaining except the boring clowns and creepy baby (in the glass). Minus the clowns and baby, it has the possibility to become a great show!
1	We have seen all of the Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas. We almost went to O again, but thought I would see the "new" one. Huge mistake.  Huge disappointment. BORING!! The story line was not evident, and although the vocals were impressive, what language were they singing?! What were they saying?  Why were they singing?!  My husband said, "It's a new show; they need to get the kinks out of it."  NOT at $130 a ticket they don't!  The athletes were good, but we have seen those feats before.  No story line, no transitions, no thread to tie it all together.  I wish I could take my tickets back like I can other purchases. This show is a total waste of time AND money!
3	In general, I am a cirque-liker, not a cirque-lover, and I feel the same way about Zarkana: liked it, didn't love it. First of all, it's true, there is no story line, but if you could find ANY story line in Mystere or Zumanity or Love, then you are way more insightful than me. Ka was the only one that had a discernible plot to me, and even that was very wishy-washy and 'interpretive.' Zarkana is more like a true circus: one act comes on, then the ringmaster comes out and introduces (in gibberish) the next one. Not necessarily bad, just something to know. Second, the theatre and the sets are beautiful and well-constructed. They use projections to make the already-deep stage seem even deeper and that gives it a cool feel. The main negative, in my opinion, was the recycled acts from other shows. The girl on the springy board was in Mystere (I think), the guys running in the rotating hoops were in Ka, and the couple/single on the twisting harness have been in several shows. There were some unique acts, especially, as others have mentioned, the juggling, sand artist, and the people in silver hoops. Actually, I thought they could have used a little more of the silver hoops routine - something to make it totally crazy. I did enjoy the tightrope, the trapeze, and the cheerleader gymnastics routines for their sheer athleticism, but they weren't especially creative or unique. The second negative (for me) was the clown 'comedy' acts in between circus acts. I get that this is traditional cirque stuff and that they also need something to fill the time (thankfully the show was only ~90 minutes), but enough with these clowns! Their antics are 3 stooges-esque and although a surprising amount of people were chuckling at the fart jokes, the only person I heard really laughing was a kid sitting behind us. Overall, if it's your first CdS show, you will enjoy Zarkana, but you might as well spend half the money and go see Mystere for the same wow-factor. If you've been to a couple other shows already, I wouldn't bother with Zarkana. Note: I got the locals discount ($150 for 2 tix) and even though our seats were all the way to the side, the view was still excellent. Note 2: of the CdS shows I've seen, I liked them in this order: Zumanity, Love, Mystere, Ka, Zarkana.
1	My advice - see Mystere, O, or Ka instead! I can't understand why Cirque would undermine their brand with this production. Except for the final segment with human pyramids which was pretty amazing there was nothing original. In addition, there was so much filler with offensive clown skits and a sand painting artist! I wasn't a big fan of the Elvis production but I can't imagine how Zarkana could be considered as a replacement.
3	Good, but not the best Cirque de Soleil show I've ever seen.  Lots of beautiful and talented acrobatic acts but too many clown skits in between for my taste.  I didn't get the wow factor.
4	This show was awesome! My second favorite after love. It is at Aria and replaced the Elvis show and is 100x better. I was fortunate enough to sit about 3 rows away. The view was great and if you are able to I would recommend sitting close to the stage. The performers blew me away. The sand artist was one of my favorites along with the juggler in the opening act. They make their talent look so easy and flawless which shoes you just how well they do their job. My favorite act was the two men who walked the tightrope while a swinging ball of flame goes back and forth over the trapeze.  I held my breathe every time they went back and forth.They also had two clowns who were so funny in between acts. It was a great idea to have them in the show because they were able to change the stage for the next act while the audience is entertained by these two hilarious clowns. If you want to see a great show or if you're a cirque lover I high recommend this show!
4	This was the first time I have seen a Cirque Du Soleil show....it was nothing short of amazing.All the performers from the Juggler to the Sand Drawer were top notch. The length was great and the comedy infused by the clowns was a great addition.However, I gave it 4 stars because I have yet to see any other Cirque Du Soleil shows so I have nothing else to compare too. Also the storyline was extremely vague. But overall this didn't really affect the entertainment level. A great show.
1	This was my 16th Cirque du Soleil show. I grew up in Las Vegas, and have only been away a few years. I was super excited to be able to go back home and catch the show, but wow was I disappointed. Compared to the others in town, it is completely uninspired. I was excited when I heard about what the story was, but it is not at all apparent that there is a story in the show. This is the most expensive Cirque in town right now and visually, it seems like the cheapest. I didn't think it was possible to bring in something worse than VIVA ELVIS. I still don't understand why Zed or Zaia didn't replace it.So far, out of the 16 shows I've seen, my favorites are Mystere, O, Zumanity, Ka, Iris and Amaluna. Least favorites are this one, Viva Elvis, Criss Angel Believe, Ovo and Michael Jackson Immortal. Any other Cirque in town is better than this (except for Believe). I also recommend Absinthe, which is awesome!I hated Viva Elvis, but I think this is even worse. It seems so cheap compared to all the other Cirques in Vegas
4	I must admit that this is my first Cirque show & I see many reviews that compare it to others at other Vegas hotels. Zarkana was my first Cirque du Soleil experience. And for the most part it was a visual spectacular. I truly enjoyed all of the acrobatics & vivid sets.The only negative is that if there is a plot / story to Zarkana, I followed none of it. I tried to think outside of the box, more abstract perhaps, but as a story, Zarkana is convoluted and disjointed. And I generally enjoy some sort of metered story.But that's not why you go see a Cirque show. At least that's not why I went. I went to see people flip through the air and juggle and do things with their bodies that would land me in the hospital. And that is where this performance really shined. For my showing the acrobatics were crisp. Outside of some minor juggling gaffes, the performers were amazing.I sat center balcony, 3rd row. And the seats were just fine. The rake up there was good enough so that I never even knew the people in front of me existed. Looking around I don't imagine there are too many bad seats in the house, but with some of the on-stage effects that they use, I'd say the closer to the center, the better.It is expensive compared to the other Cirque shows in Vegas, and I'm not sure if it's that much better for the price. With that said I would definitely recommend Zarkana to anyone who has never seen a cirque show.Visited November 2012
3	Not the best Cirque du Soleil I have seen. I have been to about 6 or 7 before. However, it was still good entertainment. I think at times there was too much going on and your attention got lost. they need to make it a little simpler and concentrate only on the main acts, not the background stuff. Someone mentioned there was a story here, but I did not notice any stories and still trying to figure out what it was. Maybe it had something to do with the clown and the jail men? I really did not get the point of the jail men being there. My kid was with us and he has seen Ovo. He said Ovo was better.
3	Didn't love it. I am a HUGE fan of Cirque, this one did not blow me away which is kind of what cirque is all about :) If in Vegas, sure see this if you haven't seen "Love" or "O".
4	We had a really nice time seeing Zarkana.  The preshow was great.  Our group was harassed some by the performers, so that was hilarious.  The actual show was very old school Cirque, which I loved.  Some of the more recent shows (the Elvis one, the Criss Angel one) are more Vegasy and less Cirque.  This is the very first Cirque show I have been to where performers made mistakes though!  During the trapeze segment, one guy fell and several others missed cues.  And during another segment, a guy almost fell.  Freaky.  Show started on time, and we had fabulous seats we got a discount through the website.  HIghly recommend.
4	I worked for the Mirage - LoVe & I can say that I"m a fan of Zarkana. Definately a Cirque show!
2	This is only my second Cirque show (I saw Iris twice tho). Like many others, I felt the clowns were too much filler, and I found them to be extremely annoying. Not as many acrobatics, no contortionists, etc. Iris was better.
2	This was a VERY mediocre Cirque show and EXPENSIVE, I guess since its new. The arobatics are good but the OVERRELIANCE on the stupid comedy that is part of every Cirque show, was excessive. Everyone in my oarty of 4 felt the same thing. It was a Saturday night and not nearly full. What dies THAT tell you. I was really disappointed. Dont waste the money, especially in Vegas where there are some many alternatives.
3	Will call took FOREVER, box office was way understaffed. Good thing we don't wait until the last minute for anything or we would've been late. Seats were comfy, although we were in the second row where there were no armrests making it easier cuddle, compared to the seats further back. People showed up late and obstructed views when they did show. Two guys in the front row were heckling/hollering and security did absolutely nothing. Everyone was taking pictures, one kid had his phone flashlight on when the scene required absolute darkness. Come on guys! I know this is Vegas and more laid back but if I'm gonna spend good money, I wanna feel like it's a special occasion and not matinee at the local theater. The show seemed to drag a bit, less fast paced than previous shows I'd been to. Kudos to all the performers who do amazing things but I feel they are probably not being compensated enough for the prices they were charging for this show.
1	This is, by far, the worst show I have ever seen on the strip. There were a couple of highlights but overall, it was a circus on stage. I love shows on the strip and have been to MANY. I would not see this show again if the tickets were given to me. Now I know why there are so many "locals" deals...
1	Saw Zarkana a couple months ago and forgot to review it (show was so forgettable).This was just nonsense. I could have gone to the circus to see this and not spent $$ for tickets. The theatre was gorgeous and gives you the false hope of seeing a spectacular show.There was too much fluff with the clowns that in my opinion were there just to kill time in between the meager amount of acts. I'm used to the good Cirque shows like Ka or O that actually take my breath away and also La Reve. Now these are money worthy shows.This was a waste of time and even worst waste of money. NEXT!!!
4	Zarkana is a new Cirque du Soleil show playing at the Aria Resort and Casino.  The sets and costumes are visually exciting, and it has the usual complement of expert acrobats, jugglers, and trapeze artists who perform astounding feats.  There is a storyline about a magician named Zark who is on a quest to regain his powers and his lost love; however, it was not very comprehensible.  That's OK because the script for these productions is only a vehicle used to showcase the skills and athleticism of the performers.  The language used for the singing and dialogue is interesting and clever.  It sounds foreign and familiar but is really made up and referred to, I believe, as "circus language." My only criticism is that the clown acts became somewhat tiresome.  Nevertheless, if you are a fan of Cirque du Soleil entertainment, I think that you will like this one.  The Aria auditorium is impressive.  It is quite large and has very good sightlines and acoustics.Zarkana was a lot of fun and although not the best of its class, it is still recommended.
3	This show is not as good as the other Cirque du Soleil ones. I felt asleep a little bit during the show. The story is kind of boring. I am not a big fan of the singing. The clowns have a few good acts. I would not recommend it.
3	There are beautiful scenes, great musical talents, and fun acts.  However, not the best show in town.
4	"Zarkana" does not have the the ethereal sets and dream-like choreography of "Love". Nor does not have stunning water nymph dances found in "La Reve". But "Zarkana" is very true to the Cirque du Soleil's roots and early beginnings, and is an enchanting homage to the traveling circuses of yore.This circus features a poignant collection of delirious jugglers, bawdy clowns, a number of dauntless acrobats who defy physics and human endurance, a defeated mad scientist and his coterie of believers, and a pickled mutated baby that acts as the lead float in its sideshow parade. Although the performances in "Zarkana" are very much old school and emphasize its audacious acts and astonishing acrobatics, this show is in no way reminiscent of the Circus Vargas that sets up its tent in your neighborhood mall's parking lot. It is far more prodigious, where almost every performance will leave you gasping with awe and wonder, and garnished in typical Cirque fashion with ostentatious costumes, a score of pandemoniac songs that both lull and excite you, and eerie video and images that are projected all around its stage that give "Zarkana" both a Gothic and Steampunk vibe.
3	New Cirque Show in Aria that replace Viva Elvis. Theatre is huge, and holds a ton of seating! Was it a good show, YES! Was it entertaining, YES! Would have I gone to the show if the tickets weren't comp'd, YES. I'vee seen every Cirque show in Vegas and I would probably rank this somewhere in the middle. It's not as big of an extravaganza like O or Ka.. There didn't seem to be a "story line" that you could follow like the other ones. It felt random at times and the acts were great but nothing wow'd me. But if you're a big Cirque fan like I've been for years, then go check it out. I'm actually glad it replaced Elvis cause I really didn't like that one.Spoiler Alert! My favorite acts were the jugglers and the flag boys!!
4	Zarkana is not like many of the other Cirque shows in that it seems a lot less "produced" and I really got the sense that it was a nod to old school circus acts.I loved the juggling and would say that was my favourite part of the show. It set the tone for everything else, in that these performers are so precise, so practiced that they actually make it look simple.
2	I wasn't at all impressed with Zarkana. It's based on traditional circus acts, so you won't see anything original (except for the sand painting). They also had 4 mishaps, one of which messed up the entire routine because the guys with the rotating cylinders couldn't get in sync again after one of them fell.Tickets were way over priced. O and Ka are FAR better.
2	it would have been one star except for the sand painter and the most amazing Set of any of the Cirque show i have seen. plus there were a few mistakes made. i have never seen one mistake in the 7 previouse show i have been to. i left feeling like i wanted to see a real Cirque de Soleil showin order of show is have seen.. 1, mystyre (seen 2 and wanted to go again to make up for zarkana)2, beatles love (seen 2)3, ka4, i cant remember the name but the show that travels across the country)4,Zarkana5, zoomanity.
4	Am I the only one who thought the show was amazing? The theatre itself is breathtakingly BEAUTIFUL!! Although it has no storyline, the juggling, spider lady, sand lady, and the rest of the acts were all very interesting to watch. The different backdrops and effects that they had mesmerized me...like seriously..I was like "wow" the entire time. I honestly enjoyed watching the different acts. Although I agree with others that the clowns are annoying, I didn't mind them since they were just a mini distraction at times.
3	I will start by saying I have seen numerous other Cirque shows so after awhile you feel like you've see a lot of the acts before.  There were a couple of acts that really stood out for not only myself but the rest of my group.  As numerous other commentators have mentioned the sand painting act was phenomenal.  I think I could of seen an entire show just of her.  Overall if you haven't seen a Cirque show before I think you would enjoy it but I was looking for more original acts than the normal fabric acrobatics.
3	I'm puzzled by those who complain "It's not like other Cirque shows." You want them to be the same? I don't.Having said THAT I do agree this show is not up to stuff in itself. The white clowns are tedious. Some of the performers are missing their marks .... Says the guy who can't rub his head and tummy in opposite directions.... The sand painter is truly superb. The human trampoline is fantastic. The juggler great.I've been to many many Cirque shows - I enjoyed this show but it needs more polishing.
3	Zarkana Zarkana Zarkana..shame on you.....$100 ticket...so not worth it!I've seen KA, Mystere, and Zumanity. They were all pretty good but Zarkana was just BLEH. The clowns were super annoying and their jokes weren't funny. I was pretty annoyed by them. Their usual acrobats were nothing spectacular. There were also a few failed stunts. I think the only thing that fascinated me was the genie that paints with sand. Her drawings were unbelievable. It was awesome. Another good part of the show was the guy that wears white and he does his acrobats solo. Other than that...there isn't really a story line.. clowns come in and out of the show doing dumb things...the stage isn't big enough....go watch the other shows like KA or Zumanity...now those are wayyy more worth it for your dough! or just hit the STRIP CLUB.
3	I have seen a number of Cirque shows. This one was a great show as usual. However, on this evening, there was multiple mishaps and mistakes.... It seemed as though they just didn't practice enough or were having a really bad day. The level of excellence that we usually expect from Cirque, just wasn't there that night.A nice show, that should have been perfect. We got great seats.. three or four rows from the stage.. dead center!Wish they could have made it better that night.
3	I can't really say I've been to Vegas until I've tried everything it's known for.  Going to a Cirque du Soleil show is definitely one of them. Luckily I picked up some gorgeous seats 102D seats 3 & 4 through Mlife's Facebook game so I didn't have to spend a dime. Since this is my first experience, I can't really compare it with the other Cirque acts but only my expectations of circus shows in general. Located in Aria, the theater is a bit hard to find for those who don't usually stay in Aria. You can either walk through the casino, all the way in the back near the cages to the main escalator, or take the short cut near Jean Phillippes. Anyway, the theater itself is huge and beautiful. Do go there early so you won't miss some of the funny thins the actors do. We saw one of the actresses taking photos with audience and making duck faces. I might be sounding like a noob, but I really don't know what to expect. So overall the show has amazing vocals. The acts are kind of standard.. tightrope, juggling, man stacking, aerial dancing, sand art. It's like you've seen them on tv one time or another, but I guess it's pretty amazing when you see it in person and close up under beautiful lighting. The major disappointment was the lack of storyline. I feel like the main character Zark is trying to express something and I wish this wasn't in "Cirquish". You can kind of get the emotions expressed but not exactly the substance and understand the situation. The acts and scenes don't really flow smoothly such that the whole story make sense. There are some hilarious parts with the whole Pinky and the Brain type of humor. Some of the tricks and acts were messed up. Like twice at the aerial throw and once in juggling, the spinning act had a few errors too. Just adds on to how the show is choppy overall. Nonetheless, it has great costume and stage design. Eh. At least the tickets are free. Otherwise, I'd be crying as I write this review, and possibly add on "'I just lost gambling money and time on a show that's not worth the price."Aside from all of that, it's a good show, but not great. Maybe because everyone had raved about a cirque du soleil show so my expectation is quite high.
5	This is the true Dark Circus with amazing acrobatics. The humor is not for everyone, but it is what made it fun for me.The juggling act was very memorable for me because she was doing it with more balls than I could ever imagine possible.The production value is amazing, and it wouldn't disappoint a Cirque fan or a new comer. An amazing experience and a must watch.
4	It is a Cirque show so it will be good.  It wasn't the best we've seen here in Las Vegas, but it has all the stuff you expect.  The story was confusing which takes away the one star.  Always look on the actual Cirque Las Vegas website before you purchase tickets as they run special offers on that site for all shows except MJ and O.
2	Over and under done, Zarkana is my least favorite Cirque show. The simplicity of the circus acts against the elaborate staging, lighting, video wall and props way heavy against each other instead of providing the balance that is so present in other shows. I appreciate the enigmatic nature of Cirque, but the theme of Rock Opera is opaque and the score is forgettable, especially a female vocal lead that sounded like Yoko Ono on a good day. The transitioning between acts is more distracting then entertaining and the visual feast turns from beautiful to frenetic without the time to adjust.This is not to say that there were not some of the acts were spectacular and the theater beautiful and comfortable. Two women dressed exactly the same performed on a ring as a human kaleidoscope, a troupe of aerialists synchronized to perfection and the iconic poster of the acrobats in the silver rings twirling across the stage.
1	Perhaps I am jaded from having seen O, Ka, Mystere, Love and other excellent Cirque shows, but Zarkana was really disappointing.  The music almost made me ears bleed.  It wasn't the talent level of the singers, which was very high, but rather the songs themselves were just awful.  There was lots of screeching and talking and singing in a made up language.  The transitions between the scenes were disjointed and while the sets were very lavish, it seemed like Cirque ripped off sets from past shows and borrowed ideas from The Fifth Element.  There was no big moment at the beginning or end of the show, which I have come to expect from Cirque performances.  I kept waiting for it to get better, but it never did.  Please, Aria, give us Les Miserables, Book of Mormon, or another Broadway quality production instead of another Cirque show that just can't compete with ANY of the other Cirque shows that already are playing in Vegas.  Aria is such an amazing hotel and this production just doesn't rise to the same level of quality as the rest of the attractions located at this property.
5	Saw the show last night and I must say it is the best cirque show on the strip! The acrobatics and set design are spectacular. Loved the music as well. My favorites are the two clowns -  I laughed so hard I think I peed my pants a little! It is hard to find funny clowns in these shows, but these two did the job! It's definitely worth the money:) I love Cirque - seen all their shows in vegas, and this one, to me,  is by far the best. AND....I cant say enough about the clowns .... they made my night:)
5	Finally, Cirque doing what they do best!  Saw this show and was overwhelmed by the high level of acrobatics, music and show design.  This reminds me of the feeling I had when I first saw a show by Cirque du Soleil.  Sidenote: How great to see the expertise and nuanced performances of the two clowns. This show is truly a gem and I think will join the flagship shows in Las Vegas right up there with "O".   I highly, HIGHLY, recommend anyone visiting Las Vegas to catch this masterful show!
2	I didnt think anything could be as bad is zumanity but this is 2nd worse cirque du soleil performance I've been too. All of the acts were very circus and high school like. Spoiler AlertJuggling?! Flag girl tossing? Tight rope walking? I guess they're really desperate to steal business from the ringling brothers. Two reasons why it's getting a 2. One I cant rate it at a 1.5. And two because of the sand art act (she should get her own show) and the sideshow was the only 2 decent things out of the 12 or so acts. Overall. $125 average per ticket. Comfortable seats and an air conditioned stage makes it an excellent spot to squeeze in a 1.5hr nap. Steer away!!!
4	I'm giving this show 4 stars simply for the sheer amount of times I said "oh wow!" during the show. Um, Sand Art?? That was amazing!! The stage was amazing with tricks and effects that I haven't seen before. I took my family to this show and everyone had a great time. I loved the more traditional circus acts- tight rope walking, juggling, etc. All they were missing were some animals. Very entertaining. During the performance there were a couple mistakes and some of the acrobats fell, but that just leads me to believe that whatever they were doing was extremely difficult and they can't be perfect all the time. For locals: if you call the box office you can get pretty good deals. We got amazing seats- second row back from the front of the balcony for only $54/seat. Can't complain about that!I've seen a lot of the Cirque shows and I would definitely recommend this one.
5	ZARKANA is one of the most impressive real acrobatic shows from Cirque du Soleil. If you compare Zarkana with the other 7 shows in Las Vegas,  the only you could compare because of the acrobatics and the "Cirque" way is with Mystere, but still is very different.The show is bizarre, YES. The show is different, YES. The show  has acrobatics, YES. The show has great music, Yes. The show has live musicians, YES. The show has great stage and props, YES. The show has live singers, YES.  The show has the CDS elements: YES.I saw ZARKANA in Radio City Music Hall in New York and I have to say that my experience here at ARIA in Las Vegas was TOTALLY MUCH BETTER.  I believe ZARKANA found a great theater to be appreciated in full. (In New York, the Radio City was so BIG for this production that the sense of the show was lost, and here in the Aria Theater I really felt connected to the show, I saw all the details that in NY I was not able to see, (specially being seated so far away from the stage and artist) and here in Las Vegas, you have a close experience, (even if you are seating in the back).My suggestion: If you are visiting Las Vegas for first time, you must see the other shows first: Like O, LOVE, MYSTERE, KA... those show are Vegas Show. ZARKANA is more for people that is more familiar with CDS and its way to show their productions . I believe that ZARKANA will win its place in LAS VEGAS in the near future (Same happened to ZUMANITY, at the beginning the show had a difficult time to be accepted and  later the show bacome now a MUST TO DO and is now a Vegas classic. About acrobatics, I have to say I have never seen so many great and high acts together in one show: Wheel of Death, Banquine, High Wire.... if you compare with other shows, ZARKANA is offering you a great selection of the best acts of CDS. Of course, is hard not think that ZARKANA is not a production like the others at Vegas that was created to be permanent, it was created to be a touring show, and some times ( after comparing with the HUGE elements like VIVA ELIVIS had) that ZARKANA could be "less Vegas"... but all this was out of mind after I saw the show.ZARKANA is an incredible journey you will enjoy if you enter the theater and forget the other CDS show.
5	Awesome!! Loved it. Was a very interesting plot and show!
5	I loved Zarkana! The only other Cirque show I watched was O and that was fabulous--so I feel like i have something great to compare Zarkana to. I was blown away by the set design...some of the decor reminded me Wicked's set for some reason. Bottom line: it's a beautiful show to watch. There is supposedly a story line, but it gets lost amongst the set design and the acrobatics. And there is some operatic-type singing but again unless you understand the language, it won't really matter. The performers are great at what they do--some of the segments are better than others of course. But they were thrilling as any Cirque show should be. One thing that seemed unique to this show is the lady that did sand-art with just her hands--it sounds lame, but it's so cool when you see it in person.  I normally don't go for slapstick comedy but the distractions that the clowns provide intermittently throughout the show were actually welcome--and surprisingly funny.Good way to spend a couple of hours in Vegas--and best thing of all, they let you take drinks into the show. Be careful how much your drink because there isn't an intermission--and you don't want to miss any part of this show.
3	Reminds me of old-school Las Vegas. Lot of the acts are traditional circus acts. Nothing blew my mind.There is one act that is of a muscular man wearing a crop-top spinning on the floor. That part was weird.The clowns were hilarious! Those were probably the favorite portions of the show.Overall, great music, great dancing.
4	I am REALLY glad Elvis left the building!The Cirque brand has experienced some ups and downs the last few years but "Zarkana" really puts the circus back into the show.  No more bullshit Broadway dancing.  Most of the acts were really terrific.  My favorites were the ones that actually looked like they could seriously injure themselves if something slipped up.  One act I could only describe as cheerleading acrobatics taken to the umpteenth level and one where this girl is doing crazy flips on a bouncing wooden board held by two men were awesome.  I am so jaded with shows now but I instinctively started to applaud as soon as they were done, not just because they were spectacular but also out of relief that they pulled off the tricks.  It blows my mind that they do this 2 times 5 days a week.  Story?  What freakin story?  I didn't need one and I couldn't tell there was one.I also like how they incorporated the cool LCD screens on the sides and up top.   That really enhanced the atmosphere on stage.  The music was still incredibly Cirque but you could tell they had been listening to a little more Pink Floyd and Zero7 recently.     Not like Vegas needed another Cirque show but "Zarkana" is certainly one worth keeping  here.
2	I have seen all the other Circ shows so I can't say what someone new would think but, this show was almost painful and I did something I have never done at a circ show before...I checked my watch.  Firstly, there is a very loud live band and singer who sings, with varying degrees of skill, the whole show.  At times it borders on screeching.  That was the painful part, the rest was just dull.  Nothing we hadn't seen before and done in a more creative way at other circ shows.   The performers where good but like a good actor with a bad script they could only do so much.  During our show several of them fell.  None were hurt (thank goodness) but it was almost like they weren't into it either.  The worst part were those stupid clowns.  They have never been my favorite part however they take up a huge chunk of the show and they just aren't very entertaining.  I actually heard a kid down the row from me say to his mom "oh not the clowns again!"  Go see O or Zumanity (which is really good) or any of the other but this one you may want to skip or get the cheap tickets and keep your expectations pretty low.
5	This was my 6th different cirque show I've seen and "O" is by far my favorite but this one is my second. I was delightfully surprised  by the production of this show. I was concerned when reading it was a "rock opera" especially since I don't like rock or operas...BUT I thoroughly enjoyed the music! To me it was your traditional cirque music, just a little more upbeat. There were a few acts unique to this show which I appreciated, and the stage had some basic moving pieces but nothing as intricate as O or Ka.  None of the acts messed up as said in previous posts....although one act almost bit the dust, but it made the audience that much more on the edge of our seats ;) Fantastic job Zarkana! My eyes truly lit up like watching my first cirque show, La Nuba, and then discovering "O". (I would also say that this is an appropriate show for kids....there were 2 young children that sat next to us and they thoroughly enjoyed the show as well)
1	Painful this had to be the worst ever looking around people sleeping and really bored. Had great seats even free and couldn't wait for it to end. Be afraid be very afraid
5	My first cirque experience so I have nothing to compare it to, I'm sorry. Wow is what I have to say.  Wow. If your not absolutely flawed by what these PEOPLE are able to do then I desperately want to see what amazed you. Their strength and agility was superb. I must admit the guy in white was a little average.Had ok seats but I don't think you need to splurge here. All seats would be ok.  Thank you cirque will defiantly returning when given a chance.
4	If I could I would give the show 4 1/2 stars. I really enjoyed this show! I've seen many of the cirque shows here in Vegas over the years (e.g., Ka, Mystere, O, etc.) and I'm not sure why this show has bad reviews. Right from the beginning this experience was great. We were fortunate to get tickets closer to the front and I have got to say that these were the most comfortable seats.. they were wider and just plain pleasant to sit in. Right before the show started, like most cirque shows, they had the actors come out to entertain the crowd which was really fun. One of the actors who was carrying a spell book of some sort was given some popcorn by an audience member. He put a kernel on a guys head and wouldn't let him take it off even while he was walking away. It was really funny and a 'you had to have been there' type of thing. There were other funny things going on around the theater too. The show had some really good acts. I especially enjoyed the juggler, she was also kind of feisty and worked the crowd well with a few eyebrow flicks and a smile. The sand artist was excellent as well, she was so quick and the pictures she created were beautiful. Like a typical cirque show it had a lot of acrobats and high flying acts and of course they were extremely talented and fun to watch. Sure the show is light on story but the acts are all top notch. To sum up, if you want to watch a good cirque show in Vegas with great acrobatics and artistry and don't mind little story this would be a fun one to go and see. It's a very nice break from losing money gambling. :)
1	Don't waste your money on this show.  It is very lame, the show had no theme and was in French.  The price of the tickets was not worth the show.Two thumbs DOWN!
3	I watched La Reve 2 years ago in Vegas and I can say that this show doesn't measure up. If yelp gave out half stars then I would give this 2.5 stars. We got 2 free show tickets with our room and could've chosen from 6 shows. My dad chose this show without me knowing; I would've much rather preferred to see Love instead.The show had a story but I couldn't tell what the hell was going on. It just seemed like different acts showcasing different tricks following each other without any real structure. The main character is this wizard dude who does absolutely nothing but sing. Kinda disappointing because the leads of some other shows I've seen actually do perform.A lot of the acts themselves were enjoyable, with the most impressive being the ladder duo or the acrobats at the end. The heights that they balance and jump off/onto is pretty breathtaking. With that being said, some of the acts weren't up to par and weren't really as imaginative or as dangerous as I was expecting. Having the show on a stage at Aria was an interesting decision. I don't mind it as much but it's not as immersive as the some of the other Cirque shows at bigger venues.The best thing about this show was that it was free for me but overall, I would recommended choosing a better Cirque show if you're in Vegas.
3	Marvelous, vibrant colors with acrobatic, artsy performance!  The acts and voices were superb!Stunning show, but I was lost in translation with the story line!  I didn't get it.  The focus was geared towards the acrobats and singers!  It was a good show for the first time around, but to go see it again...hmmm, I think I'll pass.
2	I have seen a handful of other Cirque shows (including the Elvis show Zarkana replaced), and this one was the least entertaining of the lot. Uninspired, dull, disjointed, and a bore. I read that Cirque brought one of their best shows to the Aria since the Elvis edition was a disappointment. With that information, I purchased tickets for my girlfriend's birthday, confident of its quality. She had never seen a Cirque show, and I figured this was a can't-miss. Whoops! Zarkana is a series of set-piece circus acts that do not link together in any fashion. Unlike other Cirque shows, there is no fluidity. A basic circus act (i.e. juggling, trapeze) is played out without any real creativity, the curtain closes, there is a brief skit by some clowns, repeat. It is as if Cirque has regressed from the normally dazzling, creative displays that are the norm. The quality in design and performers are the only "highlights" that keep this thing from being a complete disaster. Zarkana? More like Zar-CAN'T-a! HIYO! ZING!
4	Zarkana seems to get mixed reviews. It really depends on your expectations and your collection of past Cirque experiences. I'm happy to report that we both had a great time. The sets were beautiful, colorful, and vivid. The live music and singing was incomprehensible but mostly enjoyable. And the performers were entertaining. The only act I didn't enjoy was the girl balancing on the guy balancing on the ladder. The highly apparent safety rope completely distracted me the entire time. I understand that safety is important and the act is still impressive, but it just removed all sense of wonder.Everything else was great. The juggler, the trapeze, the high wire, and the cheerleader stunt group (for lack of a better description) were fun to watch. The highlight of the show was definitely the lady drawing lightning quick temporary sketches on sand. It's like the world's most incredible Etch-a-Sketch. The prize for the most creative idea goes to the slow motion human cannonball routine. I probably gave away too much just now.In any case, it's way better than the previous Elvis show.
5	absolutely loved the show! hilarious! very entertaining
3	We were very excited for this show because my boyfriend and I are huge fans of Cirque du Soleil.This show wasn't as amazing as the other shows I've seen. Throughout the show, I was trying to grasp the story and in the end, my boyfriend and I both agreed this show had no storyline.  If it did, we didn't catch it.  It felt like a bunch of random acts put together.Sure the acrobats, tricks, and talents were amazing but it didn't flow smoothly and blend.  The two characters that tried to be funny weren't really funny.  And lastly, we don't like repeat offenders:  performing one act that the show KA also performs.So far, our favorite show is the one performed in Los Angeles Dolby Theatre.  Unfortunately, their last show was last January.
1	Seen many Cirque shows and this one for sure dissapointed.  I actually fell asleep at one point and couldnt wait for it to be over when I woke up- It was all over the place and the storyline was bizzare - The best part of the show was the lady juggling
3	This was also my first Cirque show, and I was also disappointed. Either my friends oversold it to me, or I am hard to please, or it just wasn't fantastical. Those clowns dressed in white that were meant for comic relief were not funny, however they were obnoxious and boarder line creep show. If someone asked me to suggest a show for them to see while in Vegas, this would not be it! And for the record, it would be Terry Fator, hands down. I do want to try another Cirque show though because I really want to like it. ADENDUM: I went to Zarkana on Friday  night, and on Monday night I went to a low budget 1 ring circus in my home town, and the clowns at the 1 ring circus were much more entertaining that the creepy clowns in Zarkana.
3	The generous 3 rating is definitely deserved for this show. 2.5 stars should really be the rating. As a veteran Cirque attendee, this show ranks average at best. If you see this as your first Cirque show, you will be amazed. However, I was a little disappointed. There was nothing really new or different. The flying acrobats, tight rope walkers, flag wavers, contortionist, and the juggler, has all been done before at various county and local fairs. Speaking of the juggler.. Wow, that same ball juggling act was done right across the street at Planet Hollywood's "V" show. I never thought I would see a retread at a Cirque performance. Also, they speak and sing no comprehensable language which was annoying. Cirque's Michael Jackson, Ka, Elvis, Beetles, and others have been so creative and imaginative. Zarkana just does not live up to their glorious history.WARNING FOR FAMILIES- There are a couple of inappropriate sexual innuendos that are not for children. At one point, one of the Cirque characters was humping an audience member on stage during the performance I saw.
4	This was my very first Cirque show and I was thoroughly entertained.From what people have been telling me about other Cirque shows, Zarkana differs in the sense that it is more focused on acrobats, stunts, and other cool "maneuvers" (for lack of a better word).I must say that Zarkana heavily, and in a good way, utilizes technology in the use of LED screens to add to the depth of the show and also to display stunning visuals.  At moments I wasn't sure what was real or fake!  Also, Each act/chapter is filled with something entertaining, and I cannot recall a dull moment.  Humor is also inserted throughout the show for a nice laugh.Despite this being the only Cirque show I've seen, I still have to recommend it for anyone interested, or if you're staying at Aria at least.
5	I really enjoyed Zarkana!  The set was beautiful and the scenery was breath taking.  I enjoyed the acts.  I've seen many cirque shows and it amazes me that they can keep coming up with new and fun ideas! It has a strong circus feel.  The stage is part screen which compliments the acts well.  There was so much going on that I probably need to see it again!  SO much going on throughout the acts!  The seating is nice too.  We sat in section 103---which was in the middle of the theater and had sofa seating :)  Lots of leg room and even little tables.  I would recommend this Cirque Show!
5	Live music, mind-blowing performances, and hilarious innuendos are only half of what to expect from this show. This is my second Cirque du Soleil show (first was O) and as expected, the performance was spectacular. Couple of tips: Don't ever buy the tickets at their original price, because you can always find discounts. Merely 1 week before the day I was due to arrive in Vegas, I used the main Aria website and their Summer discount to get SECOND row seats for only half the price. Sitting so close to the stage really does make the difference. If you're going to see a high quality show then only the best seats will suffice.
3	Deja Vu?  Did I just get tricked into basically seeing Mystere in a different language?  Seriously it was so close to the same show, but I couldn't understand the words of the songs and actors LOL... and the humor was gone.  I just didn't get it.  If you are trying to decide on which Cirq show to watch...Save Money and see Mystere... but if you want to see a great Fun show.... see Zumanity!!
2	I've watched 7 cirque shows, 2 of which twice. This is by far the most disappointing. I know for live shows, each performance could be different, but Zarkana, as cool as the name sounds, has very poor performance. The acrobatic is off-sync throughout the show, so I believe it is not by accident. As this show is relatively new, they need more training still. Music is horrible too compared to other cirque shows. But the worst of all is the humor. Not only the show has no story, the actors who play the funny parts when other performers are busy changing clothes and putting on make up tell jokes that make me asleep. And none of the jokes tie in to the show, it is so bad that you can tell they deliberately set up those parts to buy time for production to change sets. As a big cirque fan, I have to say this show is not worth the money they charge. The good thing is, there're many promotions from Aria and Cirque du Soleil, so don't be a fool and purchase a ticket at retail price. If you desire to watch all the shows, don't start with O, because you'll be disappointed as you won't be able to find any other cirque production that even comes close to it. Iris in Los Angeles was fantastic, but it was a shame that they didn't do well at box office and Cirque lost $80 million on production alone when the show only lasted a little over a year.
3	I am only giving this a 3 instead of a 2 because of all the hard work the performers have to do and train for. So the 3 is for them.The writing and production is severely lacking. There is no flow and just seems pieced together. The singing is too loud and you can't understand it. I'm pretty sure there is no story line and if there is I didn't get it. Considering this is our 5th Cirque I thought I knew what to expect but I was very disappointed. The best part was the sand art (I think that's what it was) It was pretty amazing. I would suggest you go see another show instead...Beatles Love, Ka, Zumanity, and Mystere were all amzaing. Also La Reve isn't a Cirque show but is one of the best shows we have seen.
4	I have been to over 12 Cirque shows. Zarkana had its high and lows. Overall I was extremely impresses with the lady doing the sand art. The show envirnment in the Aria was accomidating and comfortable.
2	I'll start off by saying my husband and I are huge Cirque fans -- we've seen Zarkana, Mystere, O, KA, Allegria, LOVE, and more I can't even think of at the moment.  My 2-star rating has nothing to do with the quality of the show, which was excellent, but rather my disappointment in how the show was run.Never in my life have I ever paid $100 for seats to watch a performance where LATE arrivals were accommodated by ushers and allowed to find their seats once the show had already begun -- DURING the first, second, and third acts of the show.I understand that people arrive late, but in my experience, those people are always allowed to be seated during the breaks -- NOT WHILE THE PERFORMERS ARE ON STAGE AND YOU ARE BLOCKING MY $100 VIEW!!  Ugh, there were several people in the seats behind me yelling at people to sit down.  I couldn't believe how rude and inconsiderate the ushers were to allow this to happen.Never been so disappointed by Cirque before.  Ridiculous.
2	I've seen several Cirque Du Soleil shows and this one I liked theleast.  Never seen any Cirque Du Soleil show?  Then you'll probablylike this because it is an interesting show.  However, if you haveseen O, Mystere, Le Reve, Kooza, Ovo, Ka, Zumanity, Dralion, orIris...then you have seen pretty much seen all the acts in this showalready.  The theme/storyline behind this was so confusing.  Later on,I read the storyline is about a science experiment that went wrong.The acts in this show are similar to all the other shows I have seen.Nothing new at all.  The storyline gets a D.  The acts are interestingif you have never been to one of these shows before.  If you've beento any of the shows I just mentioned, than skip this, you've alreadyseen this.  Thinking about seeing a Cirque Du Soleil show for thefirst time?  See Ka because there is actually a storyline!  OrZumanity - this is a topless show, but sooooo good!
4	Another CDS show crossed off my list. I was skeptical due to the sketchy reviews I've seen on here, but it was definitely enjoyable. I don't think any of the intermission acts ever make much sense but c'mon people, they need to prep the stage for the next act.   Great use of  a digitally enhanced stage. Beverages were very reasonable 18 bucks for a 32oz Zargria and same for coke.
4	This is my 2nd Cirque show (first being LOVE), and I'm basically hooked on seeing one each time I come to Vegas. My friend is a local, so he was able to get locals discounts and our ticket came out to about $66 (including taxes) each. At first, I was completely confused about the story line of this show. Actually, not going to lie, after the show I was still a little confused. I believe they're using some made up language, like the Sims or Klingon or something. Or I'm deaf and they were speaking English with an awful accent. The theater itself wasn't too impressive. It's a decent size, with all forward facing seats facing a stage. I actually did enjoy the theatrics, the use of equipment, and the talents in this show. To me though, it seemed like a bunch of different acts just kind of pieced together, similar to America's Got Talent or something along those lines. That doesn't mean I didn't think each act was great! Each act had their own "theme", which made it seem more disjointed. Certain parts were more impressive than others, but for the most part, I was thoroughly entertained and clinging to the edge of my seat as some acts almost made some serious falls! Overall, I probably wouldn't pay to see this again, but it was a fantastic show nonetheless. Tickets could use some design work for the price people are actually paying to see this!
4	I have a feeling LOVE will always be my favorite Cirque show, but Zarkana was a lot of fun and definitely deserves 4 stars. the Wheelchair seating is fantastic. The ushers were friendly and helpful. I was even able to get a nice glass of Prosecco before the show.As far as the show itself is concerned, The amazing Acrobatic displays more than made up for a hard to follow story line. My favorite act was what I guess you would call the wheel of death. Two performers doing stunts inside and outside of two spinning, rotating wheels. They actually made me gasp at several moments.With so many shows to see in Vegas, I doubt I will go back to Zarkana, but it still is an awesome show and I am glad I went.
3	Another good Cirque show...not great, but good!  I have seen so many Cirque shows that maybe I am just not as impressed by it anymore.  Just seems like they do the same acts in different shows...looking for something new and creative!
3	I went into this show with a very open mind. I have seen every Cirque show in Vegas with maybe an exception of one show. I understand there are different themes and moods set across Cirque shows, and they are not one size fits all. Zarkana was just just a-okay, I would rank it below Mystere. Actually, I found myself bored toward the end and was thrilled to see it winding it down. That is not a good sign. Especially at $120 a ticket...The story line deals with a magician who has lost his powers and his true love. Through his quest to regain his magic and his woman, we are then thrust into the world of different creatures and wonder. Some of the stunts were impressive, others were mediocre...especially when you can see the safety ropes on some of the actors. Also, in one segment the actor did not get caught by his group and ended up tumbling to the ground. He recovered well, but it seemed fairly amateurish, especially if you want to play in the big leagues. Anyway, through his quest to regain his magic he encounters the plant lady, the snake lady, the pickled lady and the tarantula who all try to seduce him. There are also some alien creatures called the Jovians. The story and the characters are mediocre and the singing is impressive in the sense that I couldn't do it, but it was not attention grabbing.I don't think I could sit through this show again. Go if there is a bad ass discount and you are curious.
3	The talent of this Cirque show definitely keeps it at the same insane tier of physical stunts held by older players of the Cirque game... although external matters keep the show towards the bottom.PERFORMANCEAll the acts here are glorified Circus acts taken to the next level. Seriously--you have your trapeze artists, tightrope walkers, flag twirlers... but they do wayyyy more daring stunts than your average Ringling Brother. Although each act would start out with my mind saying "Sigh... I've seen that before" the act would always end with me thinking, "Freakin crazy! That was brilliant!" Several performance artists actually had me fearful for their lives OTHER FACTORSThe stage sometimes swallowed up the performers and often distracted rather than supported the acts. The idea of using screens at the rear and border of the stage was brilliant--if used properly. Instead, slithering cartoon snakes and mini replicas of the performers flying through the screen made it just seem like a high schooler had created the background and was just eager to show off his capabilities.EXPERIENCEVia a Las Vegas resident's discount, our $150 ticket seats at the smack-dab center became $65. Sweetums! Price aside, I would recommend other Cirque shows before this one because their overall deliverance packages are more unique, smooth, and breathtaking.
4	Acrobat in Las Vegas is always exciting .This time our family had more fun because our family bought the dinner and the show package. It is very affordable, convenience because the dinner and the show were the same building. We didn't need to move. Pay less. Continuing the conversation. No need to change the outfits.This show is lots of fun including many kinds of stunt, comic, light effects, and story lines. It was extraordinary.
3	We saw a Sunday show at 9:30pm.  Don't know if it was me being a Cirque-aholic/snob that I couldn't really enjoy the amazing artistry and stage production, or if it was Sunday and the vibe of the crowd was: "I'm too tired from partying the night before" or "I should have gotten tickets for O at Bellagio". If its your first Cirque show....be amazed.If you're a Cirque groupie...it will be a 1.5 hour show that resembles what you paid for in other Cirque shows.My partner thought Zark was annoying.
3	Was a good show but having seen other Cirque shows I did not live up to the others. Even after reading up on the story beforehand I had no idea what it was about.
2	Maybe it's just me, but this was my second Cirque show and I was not impressed at all, again. I actually fell asleep a couple times, what a waste of $100! The day before, we called to get "discounted" tickets to Zarkana for $98/person. We then got upgraded to seats toward in the right middle section towards the back. It was an "upgrade" since the auditorium didn't sell all the seats,  therefore we sat a few rows closer. Still, $98 (already discounted) is pretty pricey for back middle seats. The set and costumes were beautiful and lovely, but as the show progressed, I dozed off. The story line was hard to follow, the stunts all seemed like I've seen it before (probably from China, for free), and I seriously just wanted the show to end. My bf said he thoroughly enjoyed it but it wasn't worth the $100 ticket for him. Thus, I recommend trying to get discount tickets the day of. My expected value for this show is probably $40. I barely remember this show now a couple months later, but I remember there was a mishap that happened. That woke me up. Pretty good singing and stunts with costumes/set that will glorify the show a bit. So maybe I'm  just not into Cirque shows since both times failed to amuse me. At the end of the show I was very upset and wanted my money back. Sigh.
5	This was my first Cirque show, so maybe I am bias but the performance was incredible. The visuals are spectacular, stunning costumes, makeup, lighting, set design, everything. I was in awe of the whole experience from start to finish. The performers are immensely talented not only with acrobatics but the singers and musicians are astounding as well. The story was beautiful, complex and enticing. The music and songs fit wonderfully and bring the show to life.
4	I have seen every Cirque show in Vegas.  While Zarkana is not the spectacle that O or KA is...I really enjoyed it!   It is a bit old school, but not surprised since this was originally designed as a touring show.I found the story easy to understand and the show has a good bit of humor in it.   The acts are typical to a cirque show.  Nothing really new or out if the ordinary...but very well executed in a visually stunning way.  The stage is HUGE and they do a great job of filling it.  Costumes, sets and effects are awesome as usual.This is a great show for all ages.
1	I cannot believe Cirque put their name on this production.  A couple of the acts were so poor, I thought they had missed rehearsals and that I was watching a rehearsal.  My cousin actually said that she was on the edge of her seat not bc of being in awe, but because she was scared for the performers since they were such novices.While many of the scenes were intricate, it took so long to set up that the supporting acts during downtime were drawn out, boring, and awkward.There was one act that was downright disturbing- spoiler alert- it was a a dark, gruesome scene, a deformed baby is in a snow globe and its singing:  "I'm going to my funeral", repeatedly.  Wth?!I think my experience was worth $40-50.  Biggest disappointment was going to Vegas, looking fwd to watching a good show during my visit, and wasting time on such a disappointment on a Saturday evening.Good thing I got a local price because I wouldn't felt even more shafted had I bought it at full/stands price.
4	That was an awesome show. I recommend you to take the front row seat to enjoy lighting in this show. It is worth to take your time for this show in Vegas.
4	great show. Experience better. Seats were upgraded....stop all the bitching about how expensive the seats are..YOURE IN VEGAS. I was thankful they upgraded my seats due to it being unsold....
1	Dissapointed..should have read reviews before selecting this one! Singing was in another language so if you didn't read the blurb about it..you wouldn't have a clue..I saw O and it was 100 times better..this one is like watching a chinese acrobatic tour group....I would not choose this one again!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed Zarkana!  Its a must see, parts of it was hilarious!  But I wont say much about the show because I wouldn't want to ruin the experience for you.  Make sure to get good seats!If you are for the most part a happy person do not listen to the haters below.  This show was fun, artsy and just awesome!
2	I know part of it is that I'm just tired of the whole Cirque do Soleil thing, but unless you're seeing a themed show like Iris or The Beatles Love, these things are starting to all feel the same to me.In Zarkana, which I was lucky enough to get free tickets to, (so who am I to complain, right?), there were some interesting feats, but all that running around and not understand what the heck they were doing or who they were and the jibbering in nonsense... ugh, bored now.If you're a big Cirque fan, then you will probably love this.  If you have seen one too many or if you just saw Beatles Love the night before, you might want to reconsider Zarkana.  I just didn't get it so I don't really recommend it, but... to each his own.
2	For the record: I'm not a "hater" or a negative person but for over $100/ticket please, PLEASE make it worth my while.  Zarkana was such a disappointment. ( i'm so sorry to the performers).  I love Cirque shows and have seen my fair share and really appreciate the artistry and athleticism in each one.  Other than the beautiful neon and the huge escalators leading up to the  impressive theater, we were left wanting. This show seemed particularly disjointed, no flow to the story (which really served as a huge distraction), acrobatic acts that seemed completely out of place.  As in all Cirque shows, the clowns are always one of the best, most entertaining portions, and here it is the same.  Cirque shows are artistically odd, involving your emotions in a strange, other worldly place while telling a story that is quite moving .  Zarkana is just  plain odd.  ( Where did the multiple armed baby come from? And why?)   If you haven't been to a Cirque show in Vegas see "O" or "Love" before this one.  Or Absinthe ( yes, yes). Or Blue man group. Or Penn and Teller.  Many better options!
2	You can tell it was thrown together after the Elvis one failed (rumor has it anyway). I have to say this is my 15th or 16th show and I am just about done. It may just be me but I am getting the feeling that if you have seen one you have seen them all.  I will be returning for MJ I am hearing that it is out of this world!
2	Had to wake the hubby up during the show, some acts were good, overall I'd rather watch Olympic gymnastics on TV for free. Save your money and watch Love or La Reve was amazing!
3	The original shows like Alegria, O, mystre etc had clear distinction in their theme. With Zarkana Cirque du Soleil seems to be going after its street circus roots. I could not figure out if there was a storyline in Zarkana, but it is packed with lot of average street circus with no wow factor.
1	Sorry!   I've seen all of the Cirque shows several times and being this is one of the latest I had to see it!  I found it confusing and boring!  The Story line was????   The performers were doing a great job but what language were they using and what were they saying!!!  We had exceptional seats but don't waste your money.   Any other Cirque show is much more  entertaining for the price!
5	3 stars....really???I was amazed and in awe, as usual, when it comes to a cirque show! Two words: sand painting! I have never seen anything so unusual yet so freaking COOL! The TALENT of that girl.......I found a great Living Social deal for these tickets, paid a little extra for an upgrade and sat front row.  I would have paid full price for these tickets, truly! If you're a local looking for a fun show or a vacationer looking for something to remember Vegas by, this is the show!
4	Got tickets for a dress rehearsal, with the proceeds going to charity. Went with my sister, her fiance and my sister's friend. We were at the front of the balcony. This is the second Cirque show I've seen, with KA being the first.It's crazy to see all the acrobatic stunts and talent acts. Maybe I feel like that because I know I could never, ever accomplish anything close to what they do. Although I did recognize one or two acrobatic acts that I could've sworn I saw in KA.I have to say it was a very interesting show. I can see how some people would love it and for others it may not be their cup of tea. I would probably put myself somewhere in the middle. I wouldn't shell out a ton of money to go see any of these but with a good deal on tickets, it would be worthwhile.
2	I preface this review with the following:  I am an avid fan of live performances.  I have season tickets to broadway, opera, ballet, and symphony.  I love to be entertained.  That being said, this was the 5th Cirque show I have seen and by FAR the worst.  It was disjointed, awkward, weird, and sometimes disturbing.  I saw many people get up and leave during the show and not return.  I was very tempted to do so, however i had spent a LOT of money on my "Golden Circle" tickets so I was going to stick it out till the end. The most entertaining aspect of the show were the clowns, and even that schtick got old after a while.
1	I've been to other cirque shows do getting to see one in Vegas was a must. We left before it ended! Boring, 80% fillers, no quality acrobatics like I've seen in some of their jaw dropping shows. Disappointing and a waste of money. Feeling cheated!
2	I really wish that they could come up with something new and exciting. Once I saw the first Cirque show, all the others are just...boring. I guess it's true when they say, you've seen one, you've seen them all. Except...the sand painting was great! And innovative.
2	I've seen three Cirque shows.  Mystere which was very entertaining, wall to wall acrobatics, non-stop exciting, Ka which was very disappointing - forcing the acrobatics into a silly storyline, and now Zarkana which was pretty boring.  Too much childish filler between acts and too few really good acrobatic acts.   Even with the Las Vegas local discount it was $186 for two in the way back.  Can't imagine what tourists who paid $400  for 2 tickets up close felt about this waste of money.  Maybe if I'd had a few beers before and during I would have felt differently.
3	I've seen other shows in Vegas but Zarkana was my first Cirque show - couple things Cons: 1. It's not in English 2. There wasn't much of a story line - maybe there was but I didn't get it because it wasn't in English 3. The aerial/acrobatic stunts were impressive because I sure can't do them; however, I felt it wasn't worth it for the price because there wasn't anything exceptionally different than other acrobatic shows I've seen before. Pros:1. The theater is beautiful 2. Any seat in the house is a good seat so you don't have to buy the most expensive ticket to get a good view To sum it up: The show is entertaining and the performers are good. There were some parts of the show where I was like "wow that was cool" but I did snooze off during some of the show because the acts were a bit repetitive.
1	I have seen every Cirque show on the strip and this was my least favorite.   There was no story line to follow and absolutely no element of surprise which I always find in Cirque show.   This show was basically consist of old tricks from other shows strung together and quite boring.
5	Wow!  Another Cirque du Soleil show gets an A+ ! I picked up our show tickets from the box office about 2 hours beforehand.  The desk man was pleasant and quick to process.   Since I am a local, I was able to take advantage of the 2 for $99 deal.  Hooray!  We were able to start seating 30 minutes prior to the show.  The ticket takers and ushers were great.   They moved the line very quickly.  You are then immediately greeted by the seating ushers to help you find your section and row.   The girls helping us were awesome.  Kudos!I was taken back by how huge the theatre was.  With the comfy seating...  I was ready for the show.  Zarkana is incredible!  The talented and amazing performers of this show kept me nervous and entertained all at the same time! There were many different acts that displayed such outstanding abilities.   Sometimes I couldn't believe my eyes! Needless to say I would recommend seeing Zarkana.   Amazing. Incredible. Phenomenal!
3	Before I write this review, I must mention that even though I give it three stars, I still think it was quite a good show, but just average in the context of being a Cirque show as well as being on the strip as well.Aria's marquee show is quite a production, yes, but at the same time, the story line is easily lost and the acrobatics are hit and miss overall. The stage, like all of Cirque's productions, is beautiful. However, I felt that this show lacked a bit in creativity. A number of stunts I've certainly seen before. That doesn't stop them from being impressive, but a little part of me says that they just knew they have a cash cow by making a show at Aria.The storyline itself didn't feel particularly artistic or original as well, and the use of CGI screens felt really cheesy for a Cirque show. Hey, it's a graphic of a snake. Wow.The clowns, a point of contention among reviewers, never really impressed me at all. The ones in 'O' had me a lot more interested, while these just seemed to be entirely dependent on sound effects.I will admit, however, that the last acrobatics section was quite impressive, and the trapeze portions were as mesmerizing as always. In fact, one acrobat failed a trick, and that was almost as entertaining as the rest of the show.One thing worth pointing out is what probably impressed the crowd the most was the sand artist, which you may have seen on youtube by now. Her artistry trumped that of pretty much all the others, and the fact she does it all on the fly is just amazing.When I look back on this Cirque show, I feel barely satisfied with what I watched, but still wanting more. When a show is great, it's mesmerizing and you feel like it ended too fast. All too often I was sort of staring off a bit, barely focusing on what was on stage. I wasn't enraptured by what I saw at any point, and that was a little disappointing in the end.
4	My 300th review goes to ZARKANA! Thanks to the MYVEGAS program. The bf and I accumulated enough points to redeem for two tickets to Zarkana. I've seen numerous Cirque du Soleil shows in the past, but the huge spider woman ad outside the Aria building caught my eye and I've always had the yearning to see what it was about. This past weekend, I finally got to see it for myself! Unfortunately after redeeming my tickets, I went on Yelp to read the reviews and was really disappointed in the poor ratings so my expectations were pretty low going into the show. We ended up watching a 9:30pm show on a Friday night and we even got complimentary upgrades to better seats. I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated right smack in the middle with a great view of the entire stage!  The entire show is 90 minutes long with 12 acts in total and no intermission: 1. Juggling: A performer juggles balls in the air on against varying surfaces to create sounds and also tap dances.2. Ladder duo: A duo performs balancing maneuvers on ladders.3. Rope duet: A duet performs aerial ropes.4. Flag Maniputation: A group of performers juggle and toss around flags.5. Russian bar: Two men propel an acrobatic flyer into the air with a long flexible bar6. Highwire: Two men perform a daring high wire act7. Cyr wheels and Cerceaux: Seven artists perform in cyr wheels while more perform tricks in aerial hoops.8. Sand painting: An artist uses a light table to tell a story through drawn images in the sand9. Grand Violant: Twelve acrobats perform trapeze10. Wheel of death: Two men perform death defying feats in a giant spinning "Wheel of Death"11. Handbalancing: An artist performs handbalancing skills on a slippery surface.12. Banquine: Fifteen artists perform banquine which involves human pyramids and aerial crossovers.Overall based on the stage production, theater, staging, costumes, and talent alone I would give Zarkana a 4 star rating. I found it to be one of the most visually stunning and beautiful acrobatic shows out of all the Cirque du Soleil shows I've seen. I admired the strength and agility of all the acrobats and performers. Although I couldn't understand the music, the band and vocalists were amazing. The only reason for the -1 star was the lack of a story line. It was at times difficult to follow since the entire show was in an alien language. Although, I was too much on the edge of my seat watching the death defying acts to focus too much on the story line itself. I'd definitely give Zarkana a chance if you haven't see it yet. Just go in with an open mind and get ready to get blown away by the amazing talent!
1	Having seen every Cirque show on the strip, I was excited when we returned for our recent visit to take in Zarkana.  With a MyVegas BOGO, promotion to premium seats, the initial pre show excitement was huge.Once seated, the lackluster and low budget stage was visible.  With visible set changes throughout the show, we were very disappointed.  A juggling tennis ball act ( although mildly interesting ) was 15 minutes of the show.  Performers would take 15 seconds to contemplate whether or not to do a flip ( granted I could never do this ), it's not what you expect at Cirque.  I fell asleep for 10 minutes of the show.  With face value ticket prices at $140 each, I would rate the ROI on this performance negative with caveat emperor.  Sidenote - If you're looking for a performance with dozens of lines in made up jibberish, this is your show!  No clue what the main dude was saying ( although he has a nice voice ).  If he screws up his lines, no way to ever know.  Brilliant!Wish there was a way to request a refund.  Or at a minimum, a Men in Black memory erase device to forget the two hours of my life spent at Zarkana.Boring and predictable.  Minor leagues when compared to 'One' at Mandalay Bay.
4	Very impressive stunts, but I found myself bored in a cirque show.... You should never be bored in a Cirque show... Just saying...
4	Bold.  Compelling. Intense. Zarkana was great experience that I would recommend to anyone during their Vegas vacation. For 90 minutes, it was composed of action, insane acrobatics, vibrant music, and a well-designed and well-perofmed performance. Before I begin my review, I have to address the Yelp reviews about the show. Most of the Yelp reviewers, to me, are being overly critical and come to the performance with too many expectations. For the regular viewer coming to the show, it's a great performance. I didn't have any expectations of Zarkana, and was blown away by some of the stunts and acrobatics that were performed.I agree that some of the performances were better than others (my personal favorites were the flag demonstration and the sand artist), and I do think that the fact that the performance is in different language can be somewhat confusion. I must admit, it was hard to follow what was going on (scenes would switch from sci-fi to fantasy without any explanation). Nevertheless, it did not distract from the overall experience. Zarkana is a definite go!
5	Oh my goodness, I LOVED this show! It was absolutely amazing. Those people are CRAZY, but in a good and talented way. Their stunts had me grabbing on to my boyfriends arm about to cut all circulation.I've never been to a Cirque de Soleil show before, so I have nothing to compare it to like other reviewers. So for my first time, I was stunned. The one thing I didn't understand was the story, maybe I'm suppose to be clueless? Either way, it doesn't matter because they had my attention regardless.Props to every single performer in that show. Unbelievable that I was one of the very few who stood and gave them a standing ovation - how RUDE? I would like to see everyone who stayed down do at least one of the stunts performed.I wouldn't see Zarkana again - there would be no point. But, I definitely can't wait to see another!
5	I loved Cirque's Zarkana! It felt like I was caught up in a fantastic dream. Gorgeous! We laughed; we were impressed; and, we were mesmerized. I went with a group of friends, which included my daughter and her best friend. They are 20 years old, and it was wonderful to see their delight!
3	The show is typical of Cirque show but on the kid friendly side which was a plus since we brought a bunch of young kids (ages 4-10).  Our dinner plans ran a little late and someone in the group was worried we were going to be late to the show.  I quipped, "It's not like Cirque shows have real plots so we won't miss anything if we're late..."  It's true, and you know it.  Without saying too much about the show, I think that the pacing was a little slow (all of the young kids fell asleep during the show).  All of the adults enjoyed the sand art.  All of the kids loved the clowns.The theater itself is great and the seats are very comfortable (we sat in the premium section).  We got some popcorn, candy and drinks and for Vegas the prices weren't too bad.  We've seen other Cirque shows and would probably recommend that people pass this one up for some of the others if possible.  However, if you're a Cirque fan or if you're ok with being entertained for 60-70% of the 90 minute show, this is a good option.
5	We went to go see this show this past weekend and loved it! VERY well done Cirque du Soleil! A wide variety of talent, very enjoyable, and amazing, jaw dropping performances!
3	Visually stunning but I fell asleep half way through! At least I got to bring in food.
4	We really liked this Cirque show.  We have seen a few, and this had a unique spin with regard to the "twisted circus" plot.  I am by no means an art critic, but I got a Tim Burton-esque feel from some of the characters.  The costumes were amazing and the acrobatics didn't disappoint!  It's amazing to see the human body pushed to the limit.  Ka is still my favorite because of the plot, but this comes in a close second.
5	The show was great, but were it not for their outstanding customer svc, my boyfriend would have had a miserable time. We purchased regular tickets, but when we sat in them, all 6 foot 3 inches of him wouldn't fit! His knees were pushing into the back of the seat in front of him and he was so uncomfortable. We were going to deal with it as long as we could until an usher and manager came to our rescue and gave us big roomy seats in the VIP section all the way in front! Thank you, Aria!
4	Not my favorite Cirque show but it was worth seeing. The live music was excellent. The theater is amazing, they built it with the patron in mind. The seats are like couches and no matter how tall the person in front of you, you won't be blocked. I've read that people are annoyed that they can't follow the "story".  I couldn't either but it really doesn't matter, it's like each act is their own little group and you take each one independently of the others. Had a good time.
4	Saw this on12/10 I didn't really see a story line. And the show does seem like it is short but it is a hour and a half.The theatre is beautiful and the show was very fun and exciting to watch. Also there is LIVE music!! Highly recommend it!
2	I've seen every Cirque Du Soleil out there and Zarkana is my least favorite of all. The over all show Is slower than the others and the music is pretty sleepy, also slow. All the shows are done in their own language, which is fine.  There's a few cool things that happen during the 1.5 hours, but I almost fell asleep, overall pretty boring.
3	Acrobats and sand painter were amazing. Obviously mostly Russians. No one else has this kind of talent. The actual storyline made ZERO sense. Overall, typical cirque de soleil. Overwhelm the senses.
1	Please don't send in the clowns. This has to be one of the worst cirque shows. What a waste of money. Lots of harlequin clowns in white making sqeeky noises throughout the show. Never funny. The ringmaster sings in Latin  I guess  throughout the show. Very boring. The acrobatic acts are tempid at best. Nothing notable, nothing memorable, and nothing you couldn't see at any carnival . Couldn't wait for it to end. The audience felt the same as the applause was luke warm. Of course, I have to mention that I spent well over an hour in line at will call at 1pm just to pick up the tickets with only two ticket agents available. The theater and scenery was beautiful, but don't waste your time or money.
2	Big Cirque Du Soleil fan.  Seen all but O.  This one seemed contrived, not inspired.  The music is interesting.  The acrobats failed twice when we saw them.  There's a lot of fluff in the show.  The clowns are pretty lame.  There's this once guy who comes out and pretty much break dances.  It was weak at best. But the sand artist in the middle of the show is superb.  Won't be going again.
2	Don't see this show....it is SO boring. I literally was dozing throughout the entire show. We got our tickets from a ridiculous time share presentation (were promised Ka and got bated and switched to this POS), so at least we didn't pay for it, but this show was just boring, had no discernable plot (maybe an angry fetus? not sure), had no impressive acrobatics...just don't waste your time and money.
3	This was my fourth cirque show.  Thought it was so-so.  I wasn't impressed with the acrobats as much as the other shows I've seen.  Took my husband for the first time and he wasn't that impressed either which sucked.  I felt bad since I loved all the other ones I've experienced.  I guess it's okay for a one time experience or for your first time.  If you've been to other ones, I say skip this one unless it's the only one available, which it was in my case.  I called the day of the show and it was off season so it was about $71 for each ticket which isn't too bad.  This show was purposely directed/written with no story line. It was different but hard to follow and a bit scattered.  I think they could improve on the overall experience.  I did enjoy the facility and the different stage effects. A bit more suspense would be great too.
1	We got tickets right behind the VIP section - $500 for 4 @1/2 off with amazing seats but I was not impressed with the show at all. It was one of the worst ones I have seen. The elaborate showroom and seats were really nice but it seriously lacked in artistic impression. There was way way to much fluff and back ground noise going on which took away from the actual amazing talent from some of the performers. The character chatter in jiberish was annoying all thru the show. Especially the guy with  the cape.The girl with the balls was superb as well as the sand lady and some of the other acrobats but overall I was not impressed. I got so mad with all the white noise going on 1/2 way thru I walked out. Seems I wasn't alone as others complained about the poor show as well. Even some of the door men shrugged their shoulder over it. When I asked to see the Mgr, she was very sweet and told me a few of the acts were out and the show was not performing at its full capacity. I really don't think that would have mattered anyway...I will be calling to see about getting a credit for another show somewhere else. I would not waste my money on this one. It was not well thought out and there were far too many people running around doing nothing but being annoying although my guests seemed to enjoy it. I give it a few stars only for the true talent that was seen by a few performers. I love Cirque shows but think this one is a fail - Sorry~
4	Cirque always has awesome costumes and cool music and cool acrobatics.  The one thing that stood out to me was the sand lady.  She would smear sand all over and create amazing pictures from it.  Loved it.
1	Worst. Clowns. Ever.The ringmaster had a beautiful costume and what was probably a good voice, but the singing in jibberish was horribly annoying. Worst. Clowns. Ever.The stage was relatively small and most of the action was narrowly focused, so it was possible to see almost everything during the entire show. There wasn't a bad seat in the house. But with that said, the majority of the segments *lacked* the sort of side activity that makes Cirque so entertaining.Worst. Clowns. Ever.There were a couple of acrobat fails, but no major falls and no one got hurt. This absence of perfection did not bother me as much as other reviewers. Worst. Clowns. Ever.I also wasn't bothered by the absence of a storyline...if the clowns hadn't been so bad. Their skits were bad and the acting was bad. In the end, I really just felt, well, bad for them. Each interlude was more agonizing than the next and I just wanted them to be done. The closing number was god-awful (noise), but the major issue was that we paid the 'holiday' prices to see this show, which meant paying $115 plus $11 fee for the tickets that were normally $80 plus. Even at $80-90, this show would have been a horrible value,  so at $125, we felt totally ripped off.I understand that this is a relatively new show and still in the experimental phase, but the pricing should have been congruent with the (experimental) quality of the show as opposed to being priced as the shiny new toy. I would not recommend this show to a friend, unless tickets were half-price.
2	The show is overpriced.  The stage and music go together well but there is no theme to the entire show.  The crown is not even funny.  I would not recommend it.
1	This was bad...really bad.  My friend told me she got free tickets to this when she was in NY and it was bad then.  I told her I was going to hope they hired new acrobats.....  I've seen O and Ka and both of those I was impressed by the acrobats and the creativity of the set and costumes.  Zarkana I would say is the reject of the cirque shows.  There was this one moment where an acrobat fell off the tight rope, and he spent what seemed like an eternity motioning with his hands for them to lower a ladder. It took quite some time to get the ladder down.  It was just this awkward moment where it's very clear this is not part of the show and there's nothing we can do until they lower the ladder.  If this was a TV show I would have changed the channel.  Thinking we happened to catch them on an off day, I found out from other friends that this is a reoccurring mistake in the show.  We also witnessed some other acrobatic mistakes during the show as well.  If this is an analogy....this cirque show is like the D league for the NBA compared to its counterparts...they just couldn't make the cut for the big time! Save your time and money and go elsewhere, even discounted tickets aren't worth it.
5	As with any Cirque show this one does not disappoint.  This show is based on a closed down circus acts who are putting on one last show.  The variety of acts was impressive, from the ball bouncer, ring spinning things, hilarious clowns, tight rope walkers, to the flag throwers, and then there is the Wheel of Death...WOW!The music was fascinating, they speak in some unintelligible language, but that adds to the fantasy.  We heard some people complaining behind us, but get a life, it's a FANTASY, relax and enjoy.The seating in the theater was great too, we were in these sofa like chairs that were so comfy and spacious, much different from other theaters, it was great!
4	Great show. Awesome music and some good laughs.
4	Yelps 365 Review Challenge 2014 - Los Angeles #26 - #365This review is way overdue! Me and my friend Ian A. were planning on watching a Cirque show and we narrowed it down to Zarkana, which was the newest show during that time and Ka at MGM GRAND with the amazing story line and effects. We decided to watch Zarkana, I bought the cheapest seats and turned out to be front row, so we assume the pricey seats were at the highest tier of the theater, just like Le Reve at the Wynn. Formally the failed, "Elvis - Cirque," Zarkana is about the circus ringmaster, "Zark" who searches for his magic to bring his circus back to life.  By doing this, he explores different environments and runs into different characters with amazing acrobatic skills. I tried to follow the story line throughout the show but I just couldn't quite grasp it. I was amazed at the Circus acts throughout the show, the music  kept me on my feet, what bothered me was the story line wasn't quite put well together. The show kind of reminded me of Mystere at Treasure Island because the "story line" just didn't cut it and I didn't know if Zark was even close to finding his magic. Ugh!  So far, my favorite Vegas Cirque shows are:Ka at MGM GrandLove at the MirageZumanity at New York New Yorkand...   Zarkana would be in the bottom next to Mystere and maybe Cris Angel (based on the reviews).
5	Great show! The theatre was very comfortable and the actors also brought their show directly into the audience. The tickets were on the expensive side but the experience was a worthwhile.
4	This show is full of tricks and flips! I was impressed with all the performers--how anyone can do those things blows my mind! My group and I struggled to follow the story line of this show. The characters spoke in a made-up language which adds to the mystery of Cirque du Soleil, but made it difficult to follow. If you don't need a story line but want to watch some amazing performers, this is the show for you! I would see it again!
5	I was nervous about this show because of the low star rating on Yelp... im glad we went anyway because this show was amazing. It's true that there wasn't really a story line to follow, but in my opinion, it wasn't needed. The jibberish wasn't over the top, and  the actors did an awesome job of communicating! There were a ton of different acts... including a few really unique talents that I wasn't expecting.  This is my first cirque show in Vegas, but I've seen 2 other traveling shows in Hawaii. This was wayyyy better.
3	The show was decent. There was no story line to follow and it was a bit confusing. Not sure what the clowns were in the show for.
2	Zarkana is one of the newer shows. I've seen Mystere, O, KA, and Criss Angel before. Zarkana is probably the 2nd to least favorite with Criss Angel being the least favorite. It seems like the cast are just starting out because there were a lot of mistakes and fluffs during the show. While the music to this show was amazing, the acts were just average. My favorite acts were the guy in white who is extremely flexible and the 2 guys running on the big wheels. Nothing really stood out that was memorable and would make me want to come back. It's worth a try to see if you're into Cirque and would like to catch all their shows or would like to see something with a more darker theme.
3	Was excited to see the show. The music was good but the overall show was just ok. The acts were nothing really new. Their were several mistakes leading me to believe they were either new or just not that into it since it was a Sunday. I love Cirque shows I have seen four in LV and 2 out on the road. To date one of my least favorites.
4	While we never did grasp the storyline of the show - I'm really not sure there was one! - we were impressed by most of the acrobatic acts. There were some moments of utter boredom - i.e. the sand artist - that unpleasantly broke up the show. I understand that they were "filler" so that set changes could happen, but it still brought down the energy of the show for me. Also, we did not understand why the "Spider Woman" is the featured character in advertising. She was in the background singing (very well) while an acrobatic act was happening, and we barely noticed her. The sets and lighting were wonderful, and the performers were very engaged and energetic. The music was too loud for our liking. It was a good show just not my favorite.Many thanks to the box office for upgrading our tickets since it was my son's birthday. That is great customer service.
1	Send in the clowns? NO, please don't!We took a chance on this show....didn't know what to think with Yelp's being all over the place. We chose to believe the good Yelp's...that was a mistake.I can't describe how much we hated this show.We really wanted to like it but...Here is the real deal:- set and theater is stunning- VIP seats with banquet is great- performers were very talentedBUT....we will NEVER see this show again and wish we had those 2 hours back.It was VERY painful to sit through..found myself looking for a way to sneak out....so boring and constantly made me roll my eyes with the absurd clowns, this ridiculous little "girl" who would come out mumbling all the time, the stupid jokes, stupid skits, etc.It was like a really bad cross between Willy Wonka, The Rocky Horror Picture Show and those ridiculous comedy shows on Mexican TV.Want to see a fantastic, mesmerizing, awesome show, go see "Le Reve" at The Wynn....
3	I've seen a few Cirque shows and this one was the least impressive one I have seen in Vegas.  Zoomanity, O, and Ka all beat Zarkana in both creativity and concept.Yes, the stage is beautiful.Yes, the costumes are beautiful .The acrobats are very talented.But I left the show feeling underwhelmed.  It felt formulaic .  It felt contrived.  Ooh let's put out another Cirque show on the strip!  Throw a bunch of money at  crazy costumes and setups.  Get some acrobats.  We are all set! Sell those tickets.
2	Been to 4 Cirques and this is the least favorite.  Sets and costumes are absolutely amazing but the acts were very unimpressive compared to the older ones we've seen.  The only exception was the opening act with the two twin men on ropes that swung out into the audience.  They weren't in the book at the shop so I think they added them in later to spice up the program. Breathtaking!Pros- Art direction, sets, lightsCons- Acts seen before and ANNOYING clowns
5	What an amazing experience!  Of course I was in the very front row so that might have helped. :)  Some of the clowns were pretty freaky though, especially when they're in the audience walking around when you're getting settled. Anyways, I would definitely recommend this cirque de soleil show to watch, great acrobats, high adrenaline, everything you want in it! And there's some pretty funny acts too.the music was also really awesome, I think I am going to try to find it to download somewhere. :)
2	I was really excited to see the show but walked out of the theater underwhelmed.   So far, this is my least favorite show; even the guy next to me fell asleep during the show.  I felt the performers were holding back and afraid to go all out.
3	Before seeing this show, I had seen O and Love and thought both were amazing.  While I made the most of my trip to see Zarkana, I was underwhelmed and would not recommend this show to anyone, especially if they are familiar with how great other Cirque du Soleil shows are.  There were definitely a few acts that were enjoyable, but the show had no continuity and I my friend and I were able to notice three mistakes that were made.  Don't waste your money - go see something else.
3	Quite disappointed with Zarkana.  We paid a lot of money to watch a well costumed circus act with a live band.  Not what we expected of our first Cirque show.  Theatre was awesome.Sand artist was amazing.Clowns were strange.
3	This is definitely not Cirque du Soleil at its best.  Have been to almost all of their shows... And there were a lot of mistakes tonight. Was a bit disappointingI think they're running out of ideas... And it just nothing new nothing different that's all the same components of other shows.I actually walked out... Because there were four major mistakes by the performance. I requested my money back but they refused.They definitely do not stand behind their product. The best show is at Bellagio.
3	I've been to most of the Cirque du Soleil shows, both the resident and the touring. Zarkana was a typical Cirque performance with everything you've come to expect, but nothing unique or exciting. The show was neither outstanding or horrible. Just average. If you're a diehard Cirque fan like me, it's one to check off your list, but if it's your first show I wouldn't recommend this one.
3	After reading other reviews, I'm starting to think the mistakes made during the show were intentional... That, or the performers are just not that into it. The latter was the vibe I got. But then again, who am I to talk? I can't even do a cartwheel!I may have shot myself in the foot by having seen "KA" the night before I saw "Zarkana." For some reason, I had anticipated "Zarkana" as being the better show because the advertisements all feature a gothy spider woman ( Yes, I bought the headpiece from the gift shop!) Sadly, the Spider woman was not even an integral part of the show!I am a person who is EASILY amused, and I had to keep myself from falling asleep during some parts of the show. There were some redeeming qualities of the show, when I wasn't scared at the fact the unbalanced acrobats would hurt themselves! Their technique wasn't clean at all, and I know this because I watch a lot of Dance Moms (I'm kidding.) If it weren't for the nets/mats, some of the performers would have certainly been killed that night- and that HORRIFIES me!!!There wasn't anything too fantastical about Zarkana, and I would be sorely upset if I had to pay full price for my ticket (which I didn't!) Again, I may be entirely biased because like I mentioned before, I had seen KA the night before, which I definitely recommend!This show is on its way out, I think. I'm sorry, Zarkana, I really wanted to fall in love with you!!! Maybe my expectations were too high? I would suggest adding a storyline in order to keep Zarkana interesting to the viewers.
4	At The Aria on the famous Las Vegas Strip, this is another installment from Cirque du Soileil. A fun and whimsical show filled with the death defying acrobatics that are par for the course for Cirque du Soileil. This in my mind is not a family show, the clowns are a little freaky. If you are a little freaked out by clowns (I admit I am). But over all the show is a lot of fun, the sand artist was stunning. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Seems like people's reviews were based on comparing Cirque shows against each other.  I kind of get that, but I also saw several Cirque shows too.  While I agree that this wasn't the best, it was pretty damn good.  The skill level of the performers were amazing.  Any mistake not only would have been noticed, but could have been traumatic too.  Unlike KA where I fell asleep during one session, this show kept me interested throughout the whole show.  Don't be influenced by the negative reviews, come see this one too.
5	I loved it!The best show for now among those I've seen in Vegas!Great performance, amazing decorations, beautiful music!!!
3	The reason a 3 star and not a one or two star? I did got two tickets comped from MyVegas game on FB. It was sloppy, boring, visually not very interesting and the clowns were stupid. My least favorite Cirque. This one made me decided Zumanity was not that bad, after all. Would I go again? Maybe, if the tickets were free. PS My friend got the alcoholic slushy...$36. (Yes she got an extra shot in it which took it from $26 to $36....it was terrible tasting!)
2	In all honesty, I just don't think the writing/choreography was amazing. Yes, definitely a beautiful show, talented artists, great costumes, but in my opinion, if you're going to shell out big bucks for a Cirque show, I recommend La Reve, Beatles, Ka, or any other. Unfortunately, when I saw this show, there were 3 falls and one major mistake. Oh well, it happens. It didn't offend or bother me at all. In fact, it was somewhat nice to see them brush it off and keep going. I'd be so embarrassed, I'd run out crying if I were a performer and fell! Good for them!(HOWEVER...I can't believe you people are SO entitled to ask for your money back after some mistakes happened. Let's invent an amazing machine that will suck back out of your head the performance you saw so they can refund you. How in the hell are they going to refund you for this, you idiot.  I'm sorry...should we go to your office and watch you do your job one day and expect perfection? And if you don't do it perfect, I'll be MAD! You're watching a LIVE show performed by HUMANS. Now don't get me wrong....I get it, Cirque performs are among the best in the world and we expect to ooh and ahh at it. But they're PEOPLE. Mistakes happen. They aren't going to nail it perfectly every, single time. I guess next time you should let them know ahead of time that they're not allowed to make mistakes while YOU're there. Because clearly you're more important and more entitled than anyone else and they should've known better than to cause you such trouble. You big baby. I'd like to see your fat, out of shape ass train and perform like them and nail it perfectly at every, single, show. No mistakes ever. THEN you can talk. Until you can do that, shut the hell up and don't bother visiting Vegas again.)Anyway, back to the real review...the choreography seemed very cheerleader-y and typical circus-y towards the end. I don't even think this was the performers' fault, I just don't think it's the experience you'd expect from Cirque. I love all other shows, applaud them endlessly for their amazing talent and guts to do what they do, but I'd recommend another show if you had to choose.To sum it up, don't spend more than like $40 bucks on the show. If you can go for free or for super cheap, do so! It still has enjoyable acts. But not worth $300 per ticket.
2	These were free tickets so that part I loved.The show was a little slow. With so much else to do I found it hard to sit and watch semi-awesome things when there was a full size man dressed up as Chucky the doll outside the casino (crazy place!) We left after an hour. Some parts were cool, like the opening scene where she bounced some balls...but seriously after 5 minutes I saw you bounce the balls, I am not amazed anymore! Oh you bounced it off a wall? Not impressed! Too much other things to do then waste time here. I could see coming to the show if I was really drunk and in Vegas for like 2 weeks and had nothing else to do....
3	Very disappointed by this show and the ticket price was not exactly cheap either. There was nothing really interesting about the acrobatics or the stage effects. The only redeeming value was the first juggling act, the solo male contortionist/dancing performance and the lady who did the sand art. I would have expected better from a modern hotel like Aria. Most of the cirque du soliel shows in Vegas were much better, even ones that have been running much longer than this one.
2	I was excited to sneak in another show on my Vegas trip, and I got discounted tickets after we learned that Ka was dark for the night.  The theater is big and spacious and NEAT.  The seats were very comfortable and big.  There was a pre-act and I didn't quite understand what the white clowns were doing. The only act that was memorable were the two male acrobats in the beginning of the piece.  The others were, well, forgettable.  I'm hoping to see other Cirque shows, but Absinthe and Le Reve, all NON-Cirque productions, were miles better.
5	It was my first Vegas show and I thought it was amazing... Everyone was a o precise and in time with the eachother and the music as well... Not to mention the lead singer was super rad!! Definitely didn't disappoint as my "first" cirque impression!!
3	Zarkana is nothing more than a glorified circus act.I know it sounds harsh, but It's just my honest opinion. Thank God we didn't have to pay full price since Wifey found some deals on the tickets online. There's a Master of Ceremonies, who sings mostly opera in Italian and lost me since I had no idea what he was singing about. Yes he can sing and has a good voice, but it bored me to death most of the time. I needed subtitles on the bottom to understand what he was singing about. Like any old circus act, there are two clowns, who are basically in-between fillers to distract you from the transition from each segment to segment. It's very vaudevillian and follows the tried and true formula that I have seen a million times before.Was I impressed? I'd have to say lukewarm at best. The only act that impressed me was the juggler at the first act. Other than than, it was a ho-hum experience. I'd expected better from a Cirque du Soleil.NOTE: Do not be fooled into buying the photos from the photographers we take your pictures at the entrance prior to the show. The quality of the photos are poor and they make you post in odd positions. There was even one where it looked like it was from a prom. Had to convince the Wifey not to get 'em.
4	Good fun without you having to think too hard about what's going on.  For the reviewers on here complaining about mistakes made by performers, guess what -- the performers are HUMAN and they're attempting very difficult feats!Zarkana would be a great show to see for someone who hasn't seen any other Cirque shows.  I'm betting most of the negative reviews are coming from people who have seen other Cirque shows and expect more of a storyline.  (Personally, I don't care for the convoluted "stories"...but that's another story.)  As for the acts themselves, they were GREAT!  I'd see this again for sure.One star docked for the bizarre (and, unfortunately, unfunny) clown and sidekick who kept the crowd "entertained" during set changes.
2	This show was so boring!! I've seen Zumanity, Ka, The Beatles Love and Le Reve and they were so good but Zarkana disappointed us. We bought the tickets from tix for tonight and were wondering why it was the only cirque du soleil that they had tickets available for. Don't waste your money people! You will fall a sleep. There's even a segment where no one dances and it's just one person making drawings on a fancy screen projector. Lol yup not very fun to watch.
5	One measure of how great a show is for me is the question, "Do I think I can do these tricks?" It doesn't matter if I actually can - it just matters if I think I can. I don't want to pay to watch any show that an office monkey like myself may actually be able to do the tricks. For Zarkana, I don't think I can do any of the tricks. Now, for "Love", I think I can do probably half the tricks, which is why I am completely mystified about Love's high ratings.Anyways... this show is excellent. If there's one act they can take out it's the sand woman's act. It's ok, but you can watch something like that for free downtown at the Fremont Street Experience - the spray artists. Go to Youtube and search for "tony vegas spray paint".
3	Clowns. Clowns. Clowns. Clowns. At this point, I have seen a few cirque shows including Ka, Zumanity, and Totem and it's difficult to not compare the shows to each other.So the short review without spoilers include:Pros:Amazing production valueTop of the line holographicsBeautiful stageAmazing live opera singerCons:Uninspired actsNumerous mess upsLack of theme or plotClowns are extremely annoying to meHere is a more in-depth detail of each act, spoiler warnings:Opening- Meeting Hocus Pocus the two random clowns. I find the clowns annoying and this was not a good start to the show for meJuggling- I really enjoyed this piece. The clowns don't take away from the juggler!Ladder Duo- Amazing. I was glued to my seat the whole time. The whole time I was afraid someone was going to fall!Aerial straps- The usual, twin hot men flying through the air. Compared to Zumanity's flying buff midget, I don't really care for it, even though they were above my head.Flags- Kind of cool, except they messed up. :/Russian bar- I've seen more complicated russian bars so it was disappointing when they messed up twice...High wire- It was a fun act. However, they barely missed a mess up when one of the artists had to pull himself up.Wheels- I loved the costumes. However, the clowns running around took away focus from the show...Sand painting- The best act of the show. Unfortunately, my gf started to fall asleep but otherwise, the different sand paintings were quite breath taking.Flying trapeze- Fun and safe. Nothing to write home about. However, I really enjoyed the spider theme backdrop.Wheel of death- compared to Ka's, it's quite boring. One of the artist foot barely managed to not trip. I was terrified the whole time because one of the artists fell of the wheel in the past.Hand balancing- A boring break dancer. I've seen cooler solo acts.Cheer leaders- Kind of cool. I wish they had a bigger last act.Overall, the show just lacked flair and spark. Additionally, the clowns seemed to be too loud during the performances and they really took away the immersion from the acts. I don't hate clowns but I find these clowns to be annoying. Compared to other vegas shows, it's my least favorite one so far. I expect the mess ups from a traveling cirque show but not a vegas one. :/
4	Biggest yelp mystery to date: How does this thing get 3 stars and the Beatles "Love" gets 4.5? (and I'm a Beatles fan but "Love" was horrible).Went to Zarkana tonight, I thought the acts were difficult, lots of talent, great visual effects on the enormous video screen which gave a cool depth perception to each act...I guess it's called "holographics".I would say if you liked mystere, you would like this one and Mystere was one of my favorites.Good show...
3	Of the 5 Cirque shows I've seen, this is my 2nd least favorite. The theme was supposed to be a "dark circus" but there was no plot or story to back that up. The performers wore kindof mysterious old circus costumes but other than that the performances were the same ones in the other Cirque shows, just different costumes.
3	Pretty cool stuff. A little funny. Just a funcy circus act with 10x better effects.  Definitely dont regret going.I bought two of the cheapest tickets and they were amazing! I was really suprised.
4	This was my first Cirque de Soleil show and although I do agree with other Yelpers that it may not be the *best* out of all the Cirque shows, I will say that I enjoyed this show as a newcomer to the whole Cirqueness of it all.The central part of this show are the white clowns that act as your "Master of Ceremonies (MC)" and help transition between the different acts. They're pretty funny and very charismatic, which is a plus.There are a variety of acts for the audience to see, that can range from juggling to acrobatics. Some of them left me at the edge of my seat because there are some jaw-dropping feats. I like Zarkana's use of the stage, especially their holographics (you will understand when you see a certain performance involving snakes). Possibly my favorite one is the sand painting. It is very creative, however it may not be for everyone. It's a nice refreshing act rather than see repetitious acrobatic acts after another.Did I enjoy the show? Yes. Would it be the best one out of all the Cirque de Soleil shows? Probably not. But for $55 a ticket, I have to say that I enjoyed it. Right now, both Zarkana and Ka tickets are on sale 50% off now through June 2014. So grab your tickets now while you can!!
3	The advertisements and costumes for Zarkana seemed so interesting and dark, so I wanted to check out the show. This was my first Cirque show, so I definitely went in with high expectations.Zarkana Theater is definitely a cool venue. Located upstairs next to Gold Lounge in Aria, the theater is aesthetically unique and colorful. Seating is comfortable with good views all around theater. Some of the performers from the show were walking around in the audience interacting with people. They stayed in character with their character from the show which added to the experience.The show itself was good, but a tad underwhelming at points. The acrobatics and performances were great, it just seemed a bit slow at times, lacked the "wow" factor. I'm looking forward to seeing many more Cirque shows, so interested to see how they compare.
5	I enjoyed this cirque du soleil show more than the other four I've seen here in las vegas. The acts were simply great and I would say its worth every penny not matter what seat you buy. The theatre is amazing and everything worked in sync with the show as far as tech and performance. The physical acts were the best out of all cirque shows I've been to and I would highly recommend the show. I do agree with several other reviewers in the "Love" show at the mirage. I don't understand why love would have a higher rating than zarkana, ka, or mystere for that matter. I guess it's just promoted better online or by word of mouth. You get so much more for the money with zarkana or mystere in particular. TIP:  Spend the extra money to seat in the bench seats in category B level. Most comfortable seating I've been to in town.
5	Ahh-mazing!!!  Gorgeous sets, fun music,  and engaging characters all add up to one entertaining show.  IT IS WELL WORTH THE TIME AND MONEY!!The talented performers seem to defy gravity, but it's a sure bet they spend hours and hours perfecting their art.  Kudos to the mostly unseen backstage people who make the transitions appear effortless.This show does not have a cohesive story line yet does not suffer for the lack of it.  Some children may enjoy the visual buffet but I would not recommend this show for the littler ones.
5	This theater is so beautiful! The high ceilings and the acoustics oh my! The ceilings were high because of the special acts, but even without the acts it was gorgeous! The chairs were so comfortable! It makes you feel relaxed while watching the show. The ushers were very helpful when we were looking for our chairs.The show itself was different from other shows I've seen on the strip. Not really sure about the story line haha. But the acts were incredible! Real talent some of these people have! I love the girl who made pictures with sand! Ah so cool! All in all- must go see Zarkana!!!
5	I had a fabulous time . Amazing skills by the performers. I especially loved the head clown I thought he was hilarious . A must see for anyone visiting vegas.
5	Simply incredible.  From the juggling lady to the gymnasts standing on top of each other's shoulders.  What to people expect?  I don't get these below 4 star reviews, people have lost their minds.
4	This show was amazing, the acrobatics were phenomenal, and the story was entertaining. The sets and costume designs was very impressive. Well worth the money.
4	I'm a fan. Seems like there are a lot of haters in the reviews, but I really enjoyed it (I also really liked Viva Elvis and that didn't get great reviews either). Lots of people were comparing this to a circus, I'm not sure what circus they have been to, but the ones I was subjectd to as a child, did not look like this. I liked how there was a new storyline every 10 minutes or so. Few of my favorite parts were the aerial acts like the trapeeze and the wheel act. There were a few butt clenching moments, during the wheel act, the guy got his foot caught on the jump rope, at first I thought it was apart of the act, only to find out it wasn't. I usually am not fond of watching TV shows or what not that show people doing crazy stuff because I find myself with my eyes closed most of the time because it scares the crap out of me, and the fact that there wasn't a safety net made me nervous. For some reason, I liked it during this show. This show a a little bit of everything, acrobats, tight rope, but I have to say my favorite thing during the show was the oracle who was able to do some really amazing sand art, yes, sand art. Truly amazing talent. Having seen every other CDS show in town (except Believe, I refuse to pay for that) Zarkana did not disappoint.
3	This was a great show with a wide variety of acts, but the movers/clowns are holding me back from another star. Between each act the clowns came out while the next set was put together, and I found them to just be plain annoying. There is also apparently a story to this show, but I never really picked up on it. This didn't bother me though because the show was entertaining without a story-line. My absolute favorite act was the twin brothers on the aerial ropes. They were beautiful as they flew around the theater, and if you're lucky enough to have a seat close to the stage, they'll soar right above your head!The trapeze act was also amazing, and I found myself holding my breath every time they flipped from one bar to another! This act definitely had me at the edge of my seat! Another highlight of the show is the music. During most of the show, you can see the band off to the sides of the stage performing live. I thought this was a really neat addition to the show. Overall, this is a great show that will keep you entertained all the way through. If you're not a clown lover, then maybe this isn't the best Cirque show for you, but if you don't mind them, then you will thoroughly enjoy this production!
5	Talent, Fun, and Entertainment Collide! The costumes and makeup are fantastic. The show features acrobats, jugglers, and many other athletes to collectively tell a story. I even got emotional when the two twins were swinging over the audience and creating a connection with each other. Several mystical characters keep the audience entertained between sets and in the beginning of the show. The signing is outstanding. It's a big and elaborate production that's worth a try to see. I noticed many 3 star reviews and I'm not sure what those reviews are compared to, aside from the "O" at the Bellagio, which I would give 5 stars.
4	It was incredibly entertaining, lots of impressive acts and the movers were quite hilarious! This was the first cirque du soleil I've seen but probably won't Be the last! The show was an hour and a half which is kind of short if you ask me. I think what I enjoyed most was the interaction with the audience
2	This was the most boring show that I have seen of the Cirque shows.  Music was way to loud, meaning not clean highs were way to high.  I actually watched most of the show just covering my ears.  Having seen other Cirque shows their music/volume was perfect.The acrobatics were just not inspiring as the other shows and I was starting to fall asleep near the end of it all.  The best part was the sand lady.So for me this was a 2.5 maybe 3 star show.
4	The revamps of this show are much improved. Show this show 1 yr ago and was tired and slow. Now it is fast paced and fun. The performers are lively and appear well rehearsed. The characters during the scene changes are fun and will make you laugh. This is now a must see show.
2	I really wanted to like this show.  I really did.  It could have been good anywhere else but in comparison to the neighbors next door, it can't compete.  This is probably one of the worst cirque shows on the strip.  It's even lower than Zumanity in my mind and I liked that one versus just loving the other shows like Ka.I got the half off tickets they sold on the strip.  I always wondered why this show was on discount and I learned why the hard way.  Its a loose federation of more traditional circus acts with a MC clown in between obviously killing time.  I was really shocked how obvious the killing time part was versus putting a great act in between more elaborate ones.I really liked the unique acts like the double wheel act as well as the lady who paints with the sand (which was a filler but a great one).  Was really surprised with the gallow humor with the MC pretending to execute by electric chair an audience member.  As a designer of a show, that was either incredibly ballsy or really stupid depending on one's views.My gripes:1) The stage is very large.  Which isn't a problem except it feels like the entire cast is always on stage at the same time.  Its hard to figure out whats the focus of attention should be.  Its like getting lost in a sea of white clowns.2) Seating was too far. We got cheap seats and they did feel cheap. Felt far away emotionally from the action.  Even when I saw KA with a similar setup, I didn't feel far away since they draw you into the action and story.3) Acrobats made at least one mistake per act.  And not the fake 'mistakes' to scare the audience members.4) Acts looked very basic compared to the other cirque shows nearby.5)  No emotional attachment to the actors other than the main clown. Hard to discern the other talents due to the costume changes and thick makeup.  I really liked the singer but couldn't pin down who was singing at any given moment.  Is it the lady in the band or the one in the costume?  Hold on, the singers in the costumes is the SAME lady this whole time?
4	My daughter bought me tickets for my birthday.  Lucky me.  It was an amazing show.  Acrobatics and people twirling everywhere.  I had a little trouble following the storyline, but still enjoyed the show.  It was my first Cirque du Soleil and it will not be my last.
5	I am surprised by some of the negative comments -- i personally really enjoyed the show. The acrobatic acts were phenomenal, the set design was great, and I really loved the upbeat music.  This show is more lighthearted than other cirque shows I have seen and is probably great to bring kids to. 'O' is a more sophisticated show, but it doesn't make Zarkana worse, its just different with a different appeal. The acrobats are the true stars of the show and five stars are for their incredible talents and the risk they take every single day to put on this show for all of us. We also got tickets at the half price booth  but they were only slightly discounted (not half price) and we sat in the center (front to middle) orchestra and had a great view of everything happening on stage.
5	The acrobatics were better than ka and love, I definitely recommend it if you were looking for amazing acrobatics, the show was much more focused on the agility and skills of the performers. I highly enjoyed it.
5	How the hizzle is this show getting negative reviews?!? It was truly AMAZING!! My wife and I saw KA the night before and we thoroughly enjoyed it. BUT Zarkana was at least 4 1/2 times better, AT LEAST! So much more entertaining and stimulating! I think I had a smile of appreciation on my face 90% of the show. The acrobatics were so much better than expected, the best I've EVER seen! Better than Mystere in my opinion. I really enjoyed the music and was even more impressed that the music was preformed live. The band was TRULY awesome and I wish they were in better view of the audience. I will definitely be going again and hope to convert some the haters to a more accurate opinion, because truthfully, this show kicked arse!! I don't understand how somebody could say it was BORING!?!? If you are a decent human who appreciates good live music, mind-blowing acrobatics, and extremely talented individuals who know how to put on a good show, you WILL NOT be disappointed! WARNING:IF YOU ARE A WHINNY PRICK WHO HATES PUPPIES, then you may have a negative opinion of this show so just stay home and watch Wheel of Fortune with your crotchety old grandma.
2	In the words of Sir Charles - Terrible, terrible, terrible.  Compared to the other Cirque shows, this is by far the worst.  Annoying clowns, basic acts, no storyline.  Save your money...
5	I'm a 21 year old male from Texas who just created a yelp for the sole purpose of upping this rating. Zarkana is the only cirq show that I have ever seen and I can't believe the poor reviews it is getting. Granted I have nothing to compare it to so maybe my 5 stars are because It is the only one I have seen. So to those who have never seen a cirq show, you will have an amazing time.Music: 5/5The thing that stood out to me the most was the live music. It was incredible. The lead female character has the best singing voice I have ever heard. The noises that came out of her beautiful face made me want to cry and laugh at the same time. At other times the music pumped me up the same way rocky balboa gets pumped up to "Eye of the Tiger" by survivor.  Right when you think it can't get better, BAM, The drums lead into a shredded guitar solo, and the acrobats perform their most difficult tricks. If this show was just a concert with no acts I would still have given it 5 stars.Acts: 5/5Very intense at times, and majestic at others. My favorite was the wheel of death because of how scary it is to watch, but all were impressive. I was gnawing at my fingernails like there's no tomorrow. The story: ?/5 I have absolutely no idea what was happening with the story but this didn't keep me from being drawn in. This is where I can see how cirq goers would knock a star off. The clowns: 3/5 Pretty annoying but sometimes funny. Mostly annoying though.I kinda wanted to slap him.If you hate having fun, this show is not for you.
5	By far my favorite Cirque du Soleil show! The talent in this show is impeccable and the costumes make this show stunning! My favorite acts involve the acrobatics, but I don't want to give anything away. The storyline has to do with bringing back the circus from a place that was lost. I definitely recommend this show to everyone!
2	This is by far my least favorite cirque show (out of 4). The usher actually clued us in on what it was about when he seated us and at the end I still wasn't 100% sure. Granted they had some moments that captivated you, but just not enough to warrant the hefty price tag.  Regret is a pretty strong word and I really don't want to say it in regards to this show so I will just end with....if it's free and/or on sale and you're near aria with nothing else to do, by all means have a seat and enjoy.
4	THE MOST GORGEOUS CIRQUE DU SOLEIL STAGE EVER. PLUS, IT'S IN ARIA, POSSIBLY THE BEST HOTEL THAT CIRQUE IS IN.I took my best friend here. She's never been to Vegas, let alone a Cirque show. I got a local 2 for $99 discount (WHAT A STEAL). I thought it was perfect, since she was arriving on Tuesday night and Aria is such a great introduction to Vegas. Really, Aria is Intro. to New Vegas 101.So, I've seen LOVE, Zumanity, and other Cirque Shows in other states. In comparison, yes, this IS a lower budget show, and the stage isn't in the center (so all the seats are pointing in the same direction and you can't see things from all four angles). However, considering this is the newest (or newer?) Cirque show, and the cast is younger, I think they did an AMAZING job. The Atherton twins are ESPECIALLY amazing. They probably got the most amount of applause at the end.I think people give this show too much hate. Each Cirque show is unique, and Zarkana is definitely more whimsical with its clowns, Zark, and the sand painting in the middle (sounds so not Cirque-esque, but once you go, you'll realize it's a nice break from acrobatics). The audience interaction in this is also fun -- unlike Zumanity, where audience members leave embarrassed.Definitely check out Zarkana!! It's great for all ages!!!
5	We went here on a Friday evening. Show started at 7:00 p.m. and lasted an hour and a half. The place was packed. Ushers are friendly and they help you find your seat. They sell popcorn and alcohol which is not cheap. The show is very interactive. I love thus kind of show. This show is located at the Aria hotel. The ticket we got was about 115 bucks. You cash outer it on line and pick it up at the ticket box office. They also have a shop with things from the show right outside of the theater. Before the show starts the cast comes out into the audience and they interact with them. This is a fun show to be at. I don't know how they do what they do. Must take a lot of practice. It shows and really pays off. Cone to the Aria hotel and see Zarkana..
5	Zarkana dips you into Madness, as it tells the story of a magician that has lost faith in his own power, or something like that...I'm a theatre nerd, and the story of a performer that has lost the "it" that once was is a very relatable tale, and although it's told via acrobats and vaudeville and bizarre antics, the core itself is immensely personal and similar to any artist that has lost faith in their talent.The job of a clown is at once to be hated and loved, to draw you in and connect the audience to the performers through the sacred 4th wall, to allow you to safely experience the madness on the stage, and to divert your attention during complicated set changes.  It's a big job and walks a fine line, and the clowns in Zarkana do this job with pride and although I've seen reviews tearing them to bits, the fact that they enticed you to emotions rather than impatience during intermissions means that without your knowledge, their did their jobs.  The life of a clown is not meant to be glamorous.  It's a job and a role that is purpose built, physical, and difficult.  These guys are masters of their craft.  Everyone loves hating on a clown, but there is no one else in the Circus, or Cirque du Soleil, as it were, to secretly connect you with the performers and distract you from the "reality" of behind the curtain.  They protect your fantasy in this world.  They protect it with their dignity, their humor, their bodies.The crazy haired lead clown paints the stage with his heart, leaving nothing of the self underneath the costume.  For all intents and purposes, for the hour you know him, this slinky mumbling clown with the silly belly protects and introduces you to the universe of Zarkana.  That being said, Cirque does fantasy like nobody's business.  Zarkana is worth seeing for the performers, for the digression into madness, and for the original pieces that are tied rather seamlessly into this show.
2	This was a forgettable show.  It's like all the rejected stunts from the other Cirque du Soleil shows all rolled into one big disjointed mess.  If you've seen other Cirque du Soleil shows you've already seen Zarkana.  Skip it.  Good thing our tickets were free.
2	This show was just ok.  Basically all circus acts that I've seen many times before. There was a trapeze act, juggling, tightrope, gymnasts, and some comedy.  I've seen a few other Cirque shows and this was by far the worst.  Nothing special at all.  I was amazed by the lady who created the sand art.  She was amazing.  I was able to get this show at bogo by playing the myvegas game but it was still 140 for one ticket.  I recommend seeing Le Reve or Mystere any day over this.
5	Absolutely amazing! Entertaining clowns. Beautiful stage. Captivating, unique, & super talented acts. I think I like Zarkana more than O honestly. The negative reviews of this show on Yelp really irritate me... if you didn't enjoy the show, fine! but who are you to judge the talents on stage when you can't even do anything close to what they're doing!?! Get over yourself. Zarkana theater is on the 2nd level of Aria near Gold Lounge. Try to get tickets in Premium Orchestra sections for more comfortable couches as opposed to regular theater seats.
4	Admittingly, I came into Zarkana with medium expectations due to the ok-good reviews on yelp but I always say "different strokes for different folks". The only other Cirque shows I caught were Ka and the show (before the accident) was phenomenal. For the most part, a true Cirque show has little cohesiveness and much more random fun so I totally went in with that mindset of not focusing too much on what the main outline is and just enjoying the artistry... it's like judging a painting. Most of the great works out there really doesn't have a definite answer and it's yours for interpretation.  For me the Sand act was one of the most beautiful pieces in any show I've seen in Vegas. I guess I'm the type to enjoy subtle performances with a large degree of substance and beauty. It's crazy out of all of the high flying and bouncing around acts in the show the one where the performer is cubbied up and tossing sand is the one that I'll remember the most. Future audiences, do yourself a favor and put the phone down and really digest this magnificent piece of the show. Another standout act was the juggler in the beginning. Flat out impressive and I can only imagine how tough it is to be perfect in every show especially with the amount of balls she's juggling around (pause). Even with her skill it's still a "hold your breath" moment for each trick so but she nailed it so all is well in the circus world. Through and through I really did enjoy the entire show. The clowns that were used as comedy relief had their moments but sometimes they tried a bit too hard and were left with a flat crowd reaction. The stage is massive and for the most part there wasn't a really bad seat in the house. Loved the band as well as they were rocking... as someone else mentioned, would have liked to see them in view during the entire show as well. Wonderful show and would definitely check it out again!
5	I saw this show second time yesterday! It is really one of the best shows in Las Vegas as for me, I love the music and performance in general! The stage and decorations are amazing! Love it, love it, love it !!! Highly recommend!
5	Second time around--blown away. Since our last visit at Christmas, they've amped up the show (according to the usher we met up with on the way out, they closed for two weeks to tweak some things). We're Cirque purists, who prioritize incredible athleticism/skill and avant-garde music over elegance and storylines (though those are nice too). And Zarkana makes good on its claimed return to Cirque's roots. Anyways, the improvements were definitely noticeable. For example, the hand-balancing guy in the loose white crop top contorting and dancing around in the middle of the show did more handstands (while bending in gravity-defying ways), and it was still beautiful to look at. The new aerial act is also entertaining, and my favorites are still the ladder balancing and the banquine at the end. The clowning around with the electric chair was again hilarious. Also, the band was SHREDDING. With all the steampunk awesomeness, I was getting flashbacks from Rush's Clockwork Angels tour during the Wheel of Death. During the hand balancing act, two pianists dueled onstage. I hope they release this newer, revved up soundtrack. SEE THIS SHOW.
3	Just another cirque entertaining show... lots of awesome circus acts with unbelievable props. they do let you take pics without flash... Yea..  Large cast of entertainers.
5	Second time around--blown away. Since our last visit at Christmas, they've amped up the show (according to the usher we met up with on the way out, they closed for two weeks to tweak some things). We're Cirque purists, who prioritize incredible athleticism/skill and avant-garde music over elegance and storylines (though those are nice too). And Zarkana makes good on its claimed return to Cirque's roots. Anyways, the improvements were definitely noticeable. For example, the hand-balancing guy in the loose white crop top contorting and dancing around in the middle of the show did more handstands (while bending in gravity-defying ways), and it was still beautiful to look at. The new aerial act is also entertaining, and my favorites are still the ladder balancing and the banquine at the end. The clowning around with the electric chair was again hilarious. Also, the band was SHREDDING. With all the steampunk awesomeness, I was getting flashbacks from Rush's Clockwork Angels tour during the Wheel of Death. During the hand balancing act, two pianists dueled onstage. I hope they release this newer, revved up soundtrack. SEE THIS SHOW.
3	I give it 3 stars, not because it is not good , but because its not as great as the other Cirque shows in Vegas. Try it if you havent seen a Cirque du Soleil show before. Its not based on a theme, like the others, but more like an assortment of acrobatics, most of them which you would see in any other circus, but a level up. Nevertheless you'll have a great time and a open mouth for most of the 90 mins.
2	Disappointing!I've seen Ka, Totem, Le Reve, and O and this sucks compared to all of those. The gymnasts/acrobats in this show seem like people who auditioned for other cirque soleil shows that weren't hired but sat on the back burner for training purposes.... And well, this show is definitely a training routine for newbies. Also, no real storyline like the other shows. Why are there eyeballs and a random woman singing? Why do some acrobats look like they don't have costumes?! Maybe I'm too much of an engineer to get it, but I've always loved cirque soleil shows! I think zarkana was a "new" show to promote at aria but is intended for money pit....I even bought tickets at a discount knowing that it's not rated highly and it's still not worth the $50/ticket. I might consider again if it was more like $35/ticket....
2	Saw this 2 years ago and when it was advertised about like crazy. The show was so bad I forgot to write a review for it. I thought that the show would show a lot about the spider lady that's the "face of the show," but there was only one act of her in it. Honestly, I fell asleep halfway through the show 'cause it was so boring. My bf & I liked KA a lot better because there's more action. I have to say this was probably as bad as Criss Angel's show. I guess if you're like us and just want to see as many cirque du soleil shows as possible, then see it, but I wouldn't pay full price for it. I think the only memorable part of the show was the sand painting where there's a giant screen w/ light table of someone drawing pictures in the sand.
2	This is a good intro Cirque show.  However, if you have seen a few of their show you will be disappointed.  There is no real theme ( contrary to how they market it, the spider lady is only in the show for 5 minutes).  Much of the show is regurgitated stuff from other shows such as Ka and O.  Enough of the damn wheel already!  I have seen that same trick over and over and is no longer impressive!  The juggling and clowns get old fast.  But it was a good intro show for my 5 year old's first Cirque show.To sum it up, if they had to come up with a quick filler for the failed Elvis show there were other show they already had in the can such as Totem which would have been much more worth the $100 per ticket an BS service fees.
2	Hugely underwhelmed.  There is no real theme and the clowns are not funny at all.  You will notice that most of the audience are not laughing when the clowns are up.
5	I'm an improviser from LA who found myself in Vegas and had to see a Cirque du Soleil show. Wow! Yes, Zarkana is definitely a "Cirque" show, with amazing acrobats, fantastic costumes, music, and beautiful state-of-the-art sets, but what surprised me the most about this fairly new show was how absolutely funny and captivating the clowns were. The circus, as we've come to know it in America, makes use of their clowns in a completely different way. We only think of them as comedic relief to the real show: the daredevils and other physically skilled performers. But what Cirque does, especially in Zarkana, is to weave their clowns into the through line of the entire piece. Are they funny? Yep. Are their costume bright and "clownish?" Check. Do they provide a welcome comedic contrast to the death-defying drama? Absolutely. From the initial crowd work while people were still filling the theater, to their seamless transitions, and especially in service to the "main performer,s" all of the clowns were amazing. Also, in what appeared to be their signature piece, the two main clowns, Hocus and Pocus, stole the show with their Electric Chair piece. Stole a Cirque show! The main guy, Hocus, was this Italian scamp that revved up the crowd, woke up his fellow players to start the show, and kept us wanting to see him and his magnificent partner, Pocus, do more. I've never seen a character walk, talk and play like Hocus before, and I feel changed. Forever grateful for the experience.
1	Sadly this is the worst of all Cirque Du Soleil. Starting out with tennis ball juggling I thought OK this must be  a warm up to something better. Me thinks not. Not that the performers didn't try and do their very best, but whoever choreographed this one should be fired. This one seems to be the left out acts from other shows all put together. Making it worse was the video screen behind the performers making it seem like there were more people on stage than there really was. I did not pay this kind of money to see a video of someone flying and doing sand sculptures. The clowns were sad, the acts were lacking, the theater was half empty on a Saturday Night in the middle of summer. Tells you something about this one. I have seen "O" , "La Reve", "Totem", "Dralion"  and "Zumanity" so I have seen my fair share of Cirque. Stay away and let this one just die already.
2	I'm a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, with this show ranking at the bottom of them all. It was just all over the place, and using the clows as fillers, did nothing for the show. I had high expectations and somehow this show fell short.In addition, this was my first Cirque show in which they allow photographs (no flash), so all I could see were cell phones left and right, completely taking away from the show. It distracted me the entire night. Would not recommend.
5	I thought it was a blast. There is a reason these shows have different themes. Yes this one is not as acrobatic as something like mystere but the visual effects and the stages were breathtaking. I've seen just about everyone, if you want dancing see ONE, you want water see O, nakedness see zumanity or pure acrobatics see mystere. But this will definitely entertain you.
4	A Cirque Du Soleil that is tailored for fans of macabre and vaudeville.  Set in a timeless post-apocalyptic ghost circus somewhere between the middle ages and beyond reality.  The acts are reminiscent of the origins of cirque itself.   High flying and dangerously complex.  Some performances send chills.  Others provoke innocent laughter.  The sets are visually appealing and highly trance inducing.  The costumes seem to reflect a relevance that all previous cirques had tried to transcend from.  Returning to the classic clowns of France and gypsy tramps & thieves of the travelling circus era.  There is a large portion of sideshow in Zarkana which makes the premise of the show quite literal in comparison to the artistic off shoots of the other Cirque shows.  Some would say that there is more spectacle in the other shows like KA or Mystere, which are both tantalizing and awe striking.  I can only say that Zarkana should be appreciated as it is.  A pure cirque minus an artsy story line gimmick.
5	This by far was the best of the cirque shows.  My other half usually falls asleep through any show but, he actually stayed up through this one.
5	Oh how I loved this show.The clowns are amazingly funny and great too. Everything I feel on the inside, they externalized and made me see it on the outside. Amazing. No show made me feel like that before!Waiting to watch this a second time!
5	I really enjoyed this show. The sand-artist alone is worth the ticket price. Quite a variety of physical performers in the show itself. The theatre is very modern and it all came together perfectly. I wasn't bored at all during the entire show.  The clowns were even funny which I don't typically like in CDS shows. The seats were very comfortable in the section I was seated in. Couch seats are not typical for most show here and I recommend those seats if possible. I don't know where all the negative reviews are coming from for this show....it's a complete mystery. I liked this show better than KA, O, and Mystere but that me I guess.
5	JUST SIMPLY AMAZING.  I like all Cirque shows, but this may have been the best.  Got a deal where it was $170 ticket plus a second for $30, so 2 second row seats for $100 each.  Mind-boggling entertainment.  Awesome.
3	Not bad. I have mixed feelings about this Cirque. Kind of expected more since it was inside the Aria hotel. It was only OK in my opinion.I don't really remember the story line as there really wasn't one -- but the music and whatnot was alright. I think if it wasn't for a discount that we received, it wouldn't have been worth it! One of the least - interesting Cirques, in my opinion.
1	Yawning !!!I'm a big fan of Cirque shows but this by far was at the bottom for me. I was surprised at how boring it was.The Show-The stunts were all over the place. It seemed like they took parts of other cirque shows and threw them into one show and called it Zarkana. Each cirque show has something different but is one had nothing. I was on my phone half the time. Plus the Malifiscent lady they had on the Zarkana adds was only in one act. The theatre- probably the most beautiful cirque theatre I have seen in Vegas but it doesn't compliment the show. Seats are comfy and bigger then most theatre seats.Thankfully the show was compt. I would never spend money on this show.
5	Loved the show - crazy amount of talent, loved all the different scenes with completely different styles of entertainment.  The spinning wheel of death, holy crap, heart in my throat the whole time.  The lady who makes sand art, very moving and astonishing, the clowns, hilarious, engaging.   Other reviewers comment on a lack of story, and I do agree there doesn't seem to be a thread to the story, but the amazing performances make up for that.  Definitely a must see.
5	We got tickets through their 30th anniversary promo. It was roughly $95pp for pretty good seats, we were the front row of the second half of the theatre. Close enough see the details of the show, with no one in front of us to block our view, but far enough that we wouldn't be called on for audience participation, which we aren't all too fond of. The show itself was spectacular, with great acrobatic scenes and a sand art scene that was my favorite. There was not as smooth as a transition between stunts and the story line is not as clear as other cirque du soleil shows, but the costumes and stunts were better than some of the other shows, so it about evened out for me. It's one of the better shows still in my opinion.
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and I'm hooked.  Loved the venue at the Aria Theater, the music, the lighting, the costumes and the performances were all amazing!  Can't wait to return to Vegas and catch another Cirque performance.
1	I am a big CDS show, but after watching this show, I was VERY DISAPPOINTED. We walked out of the show and try to asked for refund, to no avail. I tried. I didn't pay $$$ to see SAD CLOWNS making up words the entire show. Sadly, that's what we got.I was almost waiting for 3 XXX BUZZ to lit up! Thinking I was at AGT audition show. I was looking for Howard Stern To hit his buzzer!!!2 mins mediocre act... Curtain close. 5 mins sadly clowns filler show. Begging for an applause that never came. After half hour of the show, I've seen people walking out... They must have been thinking, I'd rather waste money at the slot machine than spend another excruciating minute watching this variety show. It was a GIGANTIC LET DOWN for CDS company... I can't believe how terrible it is. The two wheels... COME ON!!! If I wanted to see that for 15 mins. I could have gotten more adrenalin rush watching guinea pigs inside their wheels. The flying trapeze? THe band have to replay the chords pertinent to the act, they couldn't start on queue one of them couldn't get the swing in place. I mean , these performers are amazing. Very talented. BUT THE CHOREOGRAPHER and whoever put the show together?!?? Is another thing...So THIS IS MY PSA: save your hard ear $$$$ and go to a Celine concert!!! At least that's what I wished I purchased ... But I got this ticket instead.... I need therapy from the mediocrity of this show. CDS is nothing but mediocre but for this SHOW... They show the rest of us, that they are capable of producing a laughable show., not in a positive note kinda way. I will try AMEX! See if I can get a REFUND!!!Don't say, me and few of us ,YELPERS  didn't warn you. PEACE LOVE AND SKIP ZARKANA!!!
5	I was terrified when we read the review for this show AFTER (yes bad idea) we bought our non-refundable no exchanges tickets. But let me tell you the fear quickly subsided once we got inside. First off the seats were a bloody steal, right now they are running a buy one get one for 30 deal (Section A seats excluded however Section B was the second row of seats so it was essentially the same section). This was my first Cirque show but definitely not my last. I will admit that after seeing Absinthe the night previous I would have to go with Absinthe for more impressive stunts as far as quantity vs quality goes; but Zarkana was different, while both shows tell a story this Cirque show goes deeper. Perhaps I find meaning where there is none but the theme I thought was interesting. My girlfriend has seen other Cirque shows and says that Zarkana would be a good beginner show and that the others are better. I enjoyed the live band, costumes, and clowns that interacted with the crowd prior to the show. The seats were very comfortable and the ticket prices were awesome. They let you take drinks inside which will save you some money. Overall a good show for the price and a great introduction show to the Cirque world that I will continue to venture into. Cons would be the time between set changes however you have to realize that this is a huge show with intricate displays that obviously require some time to set up but luckily they have the clowns to distract you while the set changes in the background which brings me to the next con; the clowns were entertaining yes however I feel that some of their "mini acts" need some work. Lastly while the performers were truly spectacular, I feel that there was too much time spent waiting for them to perform the trick; I know that this is dangerous stuff but Absinthe seemed to be hammering the stunts out left and right. Some people complain that there was too much going on, while I liked this I feel that there wasn't enough going on where it mattered. All that being said it wasn't enough to keep me from giving this show 5/5. Keep in mind however it was my first Cirque show.
3	I've seen other Cirque shows and this seemed like a collaboration of some of the acrobatic acts thrown into this show. And I could not grasp the storyline---wait---was there a storyline???!  Went on a Saturday night and the row that I sat in was empty, aside from another couple. After scanning the theater, there were a lot of empty seats. The announcement that they allow cameras with no flash--that was a mistake. The bright screen lights were distracting. The music was good and the singer was amazing. I didn't understand the Sand painting lady, that act was a bit too long, but it was cool.Spend your money and time at another Cirque show. O is amazing!!!
5	My family was visiting from France and had never been to Vegas so I wanted to take them there and see a show. A friend recommended that we see Zarkana and we were not disappointed. We went on Sun June 29th 2014 and it was a fantastic show to watch. Very entertaining and we really loved to main two clowns (especially the one with the funny Italian accent) that were always goofing around with each other. Very funny!
4	In a word, magical! My first Cirque show, courtesy of Yelp, was Zarkana- and it completely lived up to the hype. Amazing aerial acts, gravity-defying stunts and beautiful costumes and set. There's not much of a story line, but you will be mesmerized by what the performers can do with their bodies.Stars of the show are the twins, who seem to have their pics on all of the publicity materials for this show. Honorary mention to the sand artist, who was very talented but not my favorite act. That award goes to the insane juggler- and the wheel act. A tie. So sue me. Holographic backdrop added some additional craziness to the on-stage acts, very cool to see.Heads up, I had floor seats and loved them- did not feel that I was straining to see everything or that I missed anything. The sangria in the lobby is delish, two is more than enough to get you through the show.
5	This show was amazing. I really can't say enough about it. I have to say that if you're a guy that doesn't usually enjoy shows like this you will be blown away. From the beginning to the end I was very impressed. They turned something as simple as juggling into a "that's crazy" experience. The performers all take every part of their performance to another level. I don't exactly know what the backstory to this show is, and it doesn't make a difference because the performers have to be the best in the business. I mean watching these people in action is pretty awesome. The amount of focus, and concentration that must go into performing this show over and over again is very impressive. All the while they keep the show fun and keep you in the edge of your seat.
5	Saw Zarkana sometime in June. I had seen a few other Cirque shows in the past but I was very impressed with Zarkana and its elements of impressive feats, humor, and eclecticism. The two main clowns were very funny and it was definitely a good relief to laugh in between the jaw dropping performance acts.
5	This is an amazing show!!I love cirque arts so I let my boyfriend pick which Cirque show we would go to when we went on our most recent trip to Vegas (I will go to any of them!!). He picked this one. I wasn't sure quite what to expect as far as the story line goes but I went in happy to see it. The skill and artistry of these amazing performers is unmatched. Each of the acts were Masters. Zarkana seemed to start with some little creatures that lived in a some kind of lab (that was my interpretation anyway) and these little guys stay with you throughout the show. They are entertaining in their own right and help ease the time during show transitions. From the lab we go from the jungle, to space and then back to the jungle. While I do not want to give away too much of the show some of the acts you will enjoy are tight rope walkers, aerialists, fire performers, sand artists and trapeze artists. It is a wonderful show that is also family friendly.
5	I don't know how anyone can give this show less than 5 stars. First and foremost, if you can get away without planning things in advanced, I'd recommend trying to get tickets the day of.  Well that's what we did anyway. They were highly discounted and then we were double upgraded because the show didn't sell out. We essentially paid less than half price for the seats we sat in, which was awesome. Regardless, after seeing the show, I probably would still pay full price. It was exceptional. The actors came out in full costume before the show and interacted with the audience. The music was executed perfectly for each act and the audience participation throughout the show kept you awake and engaged (you know, if people jumping on tight ropes didn't already do that). I would absolutely recommend this show to a friend or family member, and will 100% see it again if I have the chance.
5	Aria's Cirq extravaganza is Zarkana, with more emphasis on the individual performers than most Cirq shows but with no less killer performances and dazzling performers, multimedia and wonderfully mystical characters. This is magical!While LOVE is the big name hit, alongside the Michael Jackson Cirq show, here is a circus in true Cirq style and substance. The (three) clowns who intro the show help blend one act into another. From the simplicity of an opening juggler, it gos to Cirq status quickly, deftly and with an unknown skill level: the Cirq mystique is in taking what is expected and ramping it up beyond your expectations; this is perfection of their craft that flies beyond the stage, overflows into the audience and delivers. Every seat is good, trust me, but close is WOWing.The big number is the snake-woman sequence, a weird, sexy mix of performers in front, female snake-women behind them and the queen of the snake women emerging from the center background. Very hot, erotic and worth the price of admission to the best seats. Standing ovation! This cast and crew are the best! Take the kids; in an era of movies that are over-the-top, this big live performance is a kiss from a mysterious woman that lingers long after she vanishes.I've noted a few Yelpers not crazy about Zarkana; I know some people who you can serve a top-notch dinner to who will bitch. Send them off and enjoy the feast. Some things are just too good to share with cynics.
3	I enjoyed the show quite a bit. Not outstanding compared to other Cirque shows but it was enjoyable. Performers came out before and greeted and played around with the audience. They performed some awesome tricks. I'd recommend if you're staying at Aria but there are better shows out there.
4	Went during the week for a friend's birthday.  It was a girl's night.  I am a Vegas local and have seen most of the Cirque shows as well as others at Disney World etc...  I really enjoyed this.  The acts were awesome and I would go so far as to say a few were thrilling!  The formulaic Cirque show, of comedy, act, comedy...  Completely works here.  The comedy group was awesome!  Reminded me of the minions especially with the voices.  The theater is gorgeous, the seats are comfy and it was HIGHLY entertaining for the entire 1.5 hours.  I would definitely suggest it to visiting friends.
4	Great show.  I knew nothing of this cirque when I went to see it.  We got some great seats.  This seemed to be more of your traditional circus act with that cirque du soleil flare.  The clowns dressed in white kept you laughing in between the different small performances: juggler, acrobats,... These performers were amazing.  Performers would be coming in and out from every point of the stage as most circque's do.  Some people do not like it however because there is no underlying story like the other cirques
5	Awesome show, people giving 2 and 3 stars are idiots. Won't give away spoilers, but the show is awesome. Sat in the 5th row, would prob say best best would be 8-12th rows. Seats are comfortable and spacious. Here's pic from my seat 104 seats 1/2
5	Another excellent cirque show!The theatre is new and spacious, the seats are big and comfy as well. The show itself isn't the best cirque but certainly isn't anything short of amazing. Some of the acts were surely awesome and really well done with the music and everything. Don't hesitate to see this show.
4	Okay, so I must preface this review by stating that this is the first Cirque show that I have ever seen live.Now that being said, I loved it! It was a beautiful production. The theater was awesome, the stage design incredible and acts were fantastic.I do know that Zarkana has not been as successful as other Cirque shows and there are some mixed reviews on here. I understand both. Even though I have never seen a Cirque show live before, I have seen some of their acts on TV, and of course I have seen promos for the other shows. Honestly, as much as I loved Zarkana, I didn't see anything that felt new or unique. It felt to me like most of what I was watching I had seen before, and that was without having ever seen a Cirque show.  I'm guessing people who have seen a lot of other Cirque shows will leave here disappointed and feeling like they didn't see anything new. Hence, I'm guessing, some of the poor reviews.You really need to take Zarkana as it's own show. Forget the other shows and don't compare this to the other shows and I think you will like it. If you are like me though and you have never seen a Cirque show, you will completely enjoy Zarkana.
5	Excellent show! Not a dull moment throughout. I sat halfway up on the right side and was great. I don't think any seat would be bad because of the layout but obviously closer is more thrilling. Every act was really impressive. Great live music. Awesome stunts. Amazing mix. Highly recommend. Outside photographer was very well trained and knew exactly how to get a quick pose and everyone looked good in it. Also impressive.
2	We took a cab to Aria to see Zarkana, a Cirque Du Soleil show. I've already see Ka, Zumanity, and Love, and Mr. V didn't want to see water ones, so I selected Zarkana for the colors and the stage acrobatics. I don't really pay attention to the descriptions so much because they can get lost in adjectives, but maybe I should have? We had excellent seats, though - center stage on the comfy couches. They started on time, which was nice, letting us in about 30 minutes prior to the performance's start. One thing that kind of bugs me are the show pictures that are taken prior to the show beginning. I don't mind if we're taking normal pictures, but they wanted to pose us like prom, and twice I had to say no. I do not want to look like I'm 15. My skin? Yes. My pose? No. I will say this - I don't love this show. Some of the things that stand out are the performers missing their tricks and falling. Literally, one of the trapeze artists missed and fell into the net. He didn't do another flip for the remainder of the show. The ladder tricks were scarily unsteady, and the woman missed her finale. The clowns were a little strange, which is fine because I don't like clowns and think they're all strange, but the acts when the curtains were falling...just meh. Mr. V was very unhappy, compounded because of the poor meal prior, so that didn't help. The story line was lost on me - I was thinking that it was a crazy mad scientist's dream or trying to revitalize an old circus (which is what I think it was supposed to be), but I never really knew from the story. They had one performer who made scenes from sand - SAND. I recognize the talent that is involved, or maybe it's a skill, but it doesn't belong in a Cirque show. EVER. However, I loved the singing and the music - especially the snake scene. That particular performer was wonderful and I was excited everything she came out on stage. The music on the sides of the stage were good, though I wish more drums or bass existed. But my love for drums can be fulfilled by Ka, so maybe I was asking too much of this Cirque show. It felt a little blander and a lot less exciting than the other shows, which was an overall disappointment.
5	BEST Cirque du Soleil YET!Full of laughter, excitement and creativity.  This is the ONLY CDS that I would want to watch over and over again.At the Aria there are no bad seats. I would recommend (for this CDS only) to be kind of close to the stage.  Not too close but just close enough to watch the full stage without moving your head. I loved that the live band was part of the show.I read a few of the other reviews. I seriously was shocked that not everyone would give this CDS 5 stars.  Everyone I went with thought is was fantastic.  Yes, some falling did happen (hope that they are okay) .  They push their bodies to their limits, the stunts were unbelievable. As a matter of fact, we ran into one of the performers at the Lemon Grass (great eats BTW) after the show.  We thanked him.  He was very nice and appreciated the compliment. For the people who prefer Peter Pan over Phantom of the Opera, Wonder Bread over a baguette, Walmart over Target, chic-fil-A over Chipotle  (I can go on.......)  then do not waste your time.  For artist people who appreciate cutting edge entertainment then I think you will agree that this is an amazing performance. Great for all ages.  My 76 year old mother loved it~ but then again she is cooler than most people half of her age.
5	Cirque du soleil zarkana is the epitome of the creative imagination of a masterpiece with artistic beats and themes. The theme is mind blowing and it's a magical experience. It starts with drum rolls and turns into suspense and humor at the same time! I would travel the world to see all the cirque du soleil performance. Choreography is perfect and the costume design is amazing! Very majestic!
5	** This is my favorite Cirque show, loved everything about it. The scenery, costumes, special effects and music were fantastic. The acts were good too but after seeing so many Cirque shows, they tend to get redundant. This show has a few new acts I've never seen before and that was refreshing. **I'm a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, just have to watch O next month and I'll have seen them all. They never get old. Zarkana was thrilling, call me easy-cheesy, but I was impressed. I like spectacles. Have a singing snake lady with cool special effect? I'm dazzled. Have crazy acrobats performing and a huge Tarantula lady? I'm completely sold. There was a good mix of acrobatic acts but I liked the low-key acts too. The juggler and  the sand-artist were cool and something I've never seen before. I'm not sure what the storyline or theme was? But whatever it was, it was over-the-top. Lots of special effects, fog, and LCD screens in this show. Loved the soundtrack too. I don't understand the low rating on Yelp. I'm just going to say Cirque shows are not for everyone. I put off Zarkana for a long time because of the low rating. Now I feel the Yelp reviews were misleading. If you liked Mystere, you'll probably like Zarkana. Drinks are crazy expensive. It was $26 for a alcoholic slush thing. But I get to keep the cup. Woo-hoo. *insert sarcasm* I suggest getting soused beforehand then buying a beer (which were $8). Added bonus, this was the first Cirque show I've been to that allows pictures to be taken, but no flash. Schweet! Bring your tripod.
3	Ok, no more CDS shows for us. We've seen quite a few and quite honestly, this one doesn't really bring anything new. If you've seen any of the other traveling Cirque shows, then you've seen this one. It's pretty much the same thing.Don't get me wrong, the production value is top notch...everything you'd expect, but the content is stale and boring. Amazing acts are "amazing" the first couple of times you see them, but after a little while, it's not so "amazing" anymore. If you've never seen a Cirque show before, you'll probably love the show, otherwise, find something other than a Cirque show.We had seen Absinthe the previous Night and though acts were somewhat the same, that show presented in a fresh and adult way. Now that's a show I would recommend. I think Vegas has really worn out the whole Cirque thing.However, if there was one Cirque show could see again and again, that'd be Ka at the MGM. Hands down, the most upbeat and action packed show of all. The Stage and pyro work is unbelievable.Ok, so to summarize, if you've seen a Cirque show before, then there's no need to see this one too...take your money and go see something completely different.
3	Ok....so this show is ok. Good starter show If you've never seen a Cirque de Soleil show but having seen LOVE the year before, it was hard not to compare. LOVE is a much more highly produced and has better performances. Not to take anything away from these performers. All very talented. The clowns were obnoxious and not in the least funny. Im sorry but i feel asleep during the sand artist. The two gentlemen swinging over the audience, trapeze artists, and tight rope walkers cool. As a whole, the show was ok.
5	Love this cirque performance' this is what cirque is all about acrobatics and humour!  It is the circus after all!  A must see in Las Vegas! Very enjoyable for all ages!  We actually bought our tickets online a few days ahead on the cirque official website and saved about $50 per ticket and got amazing seats!! So definitely look ahead of time online for good deals on their website!
4	This is the third Cirque show I have seen. The show was wonderful and very entertaining.  First of all, this show is in the Aria which is gorgeous.  I like the 'pre-show' where the characters start making their way into the audience while everyone is waiting. The seats were very comfortable here.We were lucky to get front row seats.  It looked like any seat would be good from the layout.  It was neat to sit up front especially during acts where the performers are flying right over your head.So, how does this one compare to what else I have seen?  This was not my favorite Cirque show.  It was still great though.  This show is a 'variety show' with clowns, a magician, a mad scientist...etc.  I liked it very much.
5	Absolutely Mind Blowing! I have seen a couple of cirque du soleil shows (3 in total - mystere, zumanity and zarkana). This is top of chart! It was soooo enchanting and the clowns were very interactive and entertaining...What A Marvel!!
3	Here's the thing, I loved this show. My issue is that compared to the other shows in Vegas... this one, simply put, isn't the best. Don't get me wrong, the acts are VERY talented and I could never even fathom having skills like them, but the whole thing just didn't impress me as much as other Cirque shows I've seen. If you love acrobatics and strange talents then this may be the show for you. But considering how much Cirque has to offer in Vegas... try out Love or O before this. An in all honesty, the clowns made me laugh.
5	I LOVED this show. It was so amazing! At the moment, it's my favorite show, but then again every show is my favorite show after I watch them. The whole show was mesmerizing. I swear that my seats got switched to the front row. You are really up close, but then you have to look up during the show. The performers go around the stage playing with the audience. Since we were in the front row center section, they played with us. They mimed for my friend to throw popcorn at her. The performer got mad because my friend kept missing and ended up throwing popcorn at my friend which was hilarious! The show was absolutely mesmerizing. This is the second time that I went to the show, and I think I liked it even more this time. They have revamped the show since the last time I saw it. It's kind of like a rock opera. There are moments when they have a singer singing songs opera like while there are performers performing mesmerizing acts. I loved every single act. My favorite was the flag one since I used to be a flag twirler. I don't have very many words to say how amazing this show is. I loved the soundtrack! I want to buy it because it's just so awesome! There were trapeze artists that used the safety net in the end of their act which was really cool. I loved the sand art. It was super amazing. There wasn't a moment where I was bored. I LOVED this show! This is the only show that lets you take pictures during the show- just don't use flash. In the first act, there was a table that kind of blocked my view since I couldn't look up since I was in the very very front seat.
5	It isn't often that I get to go to see a Cirque but I loved each one and this one is still 5 stars because of my overall experience.  I went on the 9:30 showing on Sunday and got the tickets through the ticket discount booth outside of the Coca-Cola store.  That booth looks straight up shady but the discount cannot be beat.  There is no gimmick to their discount and we got 35% off of the ticket price.   After purchasing our tickets, the woman tells us to pick up our tickets sooner than later because the seats will be better if we go sooner.  It was about 12:30 in the afternoon when we went to pick them up.   The woman at the ticket office must have either been in a good mood or just liked my Hubs and I.  She upgraded our seats to the first row and almost ended up being picked to go on stage.  Ends up the lady next to us went up there!  :)  The acrobatics are amazing, the clown hosts are hilarious and very endearing...but there is no clear plot or theme to the show.  A friend of mine said that was why it was his least favorite Cirque.  I still give it 5 stars!  I loved every second of it; well, except the 2 times the performers almost fell from a great height!  Uh oh!I highly suggest you wander the casino of the Cirque you want to see.  Aria also had some box office special or hotel special where you buy one ticket and you get the second one for $30.  I think our ticket booth was still a better bargain though.  Swing by, you have nothing to lose!
2	I have been going to cirque shows for over 15 years and was always beyond impressed. Tonight I was so let down. Im only giving two stars I feel bad for them. Worst show ever! Would have rather watched a movie at home.
4	I've seen a number of the Cirque shows in Vegas (as well as the Cirque-like Le Reve at the Wynn). Zarkana is very good. It brings together the trademark artistry, physicality, and precision of Cirque shows. The performers are amazing.In general approach, the (I read) revamped Zarkana is probably most like a latter-day Mystere. No particular theme and relative emphasis on the clowns, but adding the impressive staging of more recent shows. Ka, from which this show borrows one of its more spectacular acts, is probably still my favorite Cirque performance in Vegas but this is still pretty darn good.
4	I began my Cirque du Soleil experience with O and was okay with never going back. However, my partner was very interested and her second choice was Zarkana. I was far more entertained, and there was enough variety happening that it held my attention. After seeing this show, I would go back to see another one.
3	The gf thought it was more like 3.5 but this stage is much more low budget than the other stages, especially O and Ka. But I liked it way better than Love.They use a screen in the background a lot, and makes the stage look like it has infinity depth, and makes it look like there's additional performers in the back, but it's really just a screen.I liked that they had the live singer and musicians. That made it different than the other shows. And the clowns actually made us laugh. All the other Cirque shows the clowns were really annoying and not funny. I know they are just buying time so they can change the set.The main thing I liked about this show is that it is mainly an acrobatic show, unlike Love which is more just dancing. They use a lot of safety wires, nets and pads now, but I understand since a performer died while on stage at Ka not too long ago. Speaking of, during the double wheel set, one of the performers tripped on his jumprope while doing a trick. I thought for sure he was going to fall and die! Thankfully he recovered immediately, but that was scary for sure.Overall, the show was entertaining. So far I've seen four Cirque shows and this is the order I liked them:KaOZarkanaand Love is dead last.
5	I love all Cirque du soleil shows. They are amazing the amount of talent in one of these shows is incredible, the costumes, just everything. This show is a newer one at the Aria. There isnt really a bad seat in the house which is nice. The is good humor in the show and a pretty good story. I will say this is not my favorite show tho, maybe becasue its new they havent fix it all like the other vegas ones that have been there for ages.
5	Simply put the show was amazing.  The talent is just incredible and every act was impressive!  I would highly recommend it!  Best money we spent and I would agree with other yelpers, there isn't a bad seat in the house.  The seating diagram is a little deceiving because you think the back will be really far away but it isn't.  We sat in the middle (front section) and that was incredible.  The flying trapeze twins were swinging right over us!  That was by far everyone's favorite part!
5	I have never been to a Cirque du Soleil show so I really have nothing to compare Zarkana to. However, I LOVED the show! I did not want it to end!! The clowns are so funny and the costumes are stunning! The performers and music are great. I would totally go back and see this again!
5	Hello there fellow Yelpers,How did I end up there?First of all, I used the "half price ticket booth", the ticket specialists are knowledgeable, and they do have some great suggestions. Now, I wanted to get tickets to watch the Jabbawockeez (the new show), however, my wife noticed they had Zarkana tickets at 50% off. They were roughly $140 a pop, and we got them for $70/each, and we got great seats! The show started with the clowns, and other performers coming through the audience, very theatrical. The special effects, and powerful live score made it very enjoyable. The two clowns that headline are amazing, and they really worked with the crowd. The Russian acrobats were on point, and I had zero complaints about the show. The performers deserver all the credit in the world for the type of  performance they put on for the audience. Also, I love to instant savings from my go-to "ticket guys". I would highlyrecommend the show.
4	@cirque #zarkana My first ever Cirque du Soleil show!During my recent trip to Vegas, I went go go see Zarkana at Aria with my cousins. I learned from my taxi car driver that this is the newest of the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas and so I was super excited.The show was an amazing array of bright colors and unique acts full of cool effects including some fire! Some of the interesting sights included juggling, aerial rope acts, short flag throwing, tight rope walking, balancing on ladders, sand painting, trapeze  and a spinning "Wheel of Death." The sand painting was one of my favorites! It was neat to watch as a lady use a light table to paint various scenes and then the painting was reflected on a big circular screen for the audience. The "Wheel of Death" was cool too! Two guys walked on a rotating wheel and there was a electrical shock kinda effect in the background. Not only were the various acts really neat, they were super entertaining too! Some of the portions were even funny, especially the ones with clowns! The clowns gave a good comedy effect and they brought out a lot of audience participation.  There was also plenty of music in the show! There was singing and piano playing! Each different act's music went well with the particular act.I really enjoyed Zarkana! It was a great Cirque du Soleil show and watching it definitely made for a great night in Vegas!
4	Ok-so I sold out to the Wyndham Resort for some show tickets. After listening to a 120 minutes presentation, walked outta there with 2 tickets to the show..after looking at the fine print-seats were in the deep nose bleed section . Walked over to the Aria box office to see if I could upgrade...no deal lady! Spoke to Ana at the box office front and my "sweet" side negotiated front row seats. Thanks to Ana in the front box officeI know I should have read the brochure they gave me upon entering, but I was busy juggling my popcorn and soda they let you bring inside. I wish before they started the show that a ringmaster would come out and tell you what this particular circus was about. Takes place in a run down auditorium and clowns and performers come alive.All the performers were outstanding. The Shadow was my favorite along with the singer-her costumes were breath takingi highly recommend this show-just have the ring master come out and explain-reason for the 4 stars.
5	I've never seen anything quite as magnificent as this show. The music, the art, the talented acrobats and actors were mystifying.The show begins with a jaw-dropping performance from a juggler, and just takes off from there. The art on-stage is captivating, with impressive digital screens to back up the 3D, tangible props.Throughout the show, there is a light-hearted, pretty funny clown act that comes in while props are changed and the stage is prepared for the next act.It's hard to even nail down an act as the best. From the tight rope walkers, to the flying trapeze artists, to air dancers and more, there was something for everyone.We also bought the dinner and a show deal, which gave us access to a the hotel's buffet afterwards. It was a great deal, and worth every penny.
4	Great show! Our seats were 3 rows from the very back all the way to the side and it was a great view. Honestly no bad seat in the house. We bought our tickets online through the Aria website, buy one get the 2nd ticket $30. The show was entertaining from start to finish. This was our first Cirque show and will definately check out others when we go back to Vegas.
5	We upgraded our seats last minute and got the couch seating for only an extra 25 per person it was totally worth it. What a great show !
5	Spectacular show. Just saw it with my 10 friends and we were all very impressed. Very similar to Mystere. If you like acrobats and hard feats you'll like this show. If all you want is a solid story line you won't like this show because there is zero story in this show. Great balance of simple "stupid" comedy and amazing acts. I got comped and discounted tickets. Wouldn't pay 160.00 for a ticket for there is not a bad seat in the house. Half of us sat in the balcony and they loved it. I put it one notch below O. Overall great show!
5	My first cirque de soleil show. It was a surprise birthday gift. I enjoyed the show from start to end. The performers are amazing at what they do, some acts had me at the edge of my seat. I loved the live music and singing! This is a great show and I highly recommend it. I can't wait to see another one!
5	First words that come to my mind after seeing this spectacular show of cirque de Soleil is WOW WOW! It is truly something else. Well worth the bucks. Now it's hard to find nice shows under $150 for some good seats with view. If you want to Make the most of your trip treat yourself to this wonderful show.
2	I'm confident that this is the "rookie/training" show for Cirque Du Soleil. Nearly every act had a mishap, tumble, major error - whereas I've never seen one noticeable goof or trip in ANY other Cirque show. It was clear why this show is astronomically less expensive than the others. The quality and awe-inspiring feats were just not there. We enjoyed only one act. The rest were very Ringling Bros, like juggling and somersaults. The show had zero flow and the singing was unnecessary. We left underwhelmed and bored. I love Cirque Du Soleil and have never been disappointed until Zarkana. Save your money and see Mystere, Ka, or Zumanity.
4	Seems like this show actually goes back to Cirque's "roots", as it was filled with what I'll call traditional acrobatics.  I am going to say it was almost terrifying to see most of the performers fly through the air without guidewires.  It was flawless. NOT a spectacle, though, "O", or a theme like Michael Jackson One or Love. I would see it again.   I do want to pass along a tip.  I bought my tickets at a supposed "locals only" offer for some excellent orchestra seats.  Did ask--"are you sure I can't get these cheaper elsewhere, like at a half-price tickets booth?" "No, Sir." "Are you sure?" "Yes, Sir." I asked if there was EVER any discounts for the show elsewhere and was told no.  So I forked out $200, before fees, to box office.  You can only imagine how I felt when I happened upon people--in my row and section, with the discounted tickets---at $70 less than mine. So forego the box office or cirquedesolelil.com if you can.  You will get a much cheaper deal through a discounter or reseller dumping the show's seats.
4	Zarkana was a wonderful show. The show was entertaining and engaging from start to finish. The set was beautiful. This would be a good show for those who like more traditional and death-defying acrobatics as opposed to something more elegant like O or sensual like Zumanity. I will say that some acts were a bit of a sensory overload and others had some minor miscues, but I wouldn't go as far as saying that Zarkana is the reject acrobats of Cirque du Soleil. They are, after all, human and the feats they perform are still hands-down incredible - I'd like to see the complainers do better!
2	An overpriced Circus show. Yes there were some 'cool' stunts in the beginning but they had 2 clowns do mini shows in between the acts...I believe they do this so they have enough time to change up the scenery/set up in the background. But the clowns were annoying and their skits took way too long in my opinion. I mean we were yawning. I felt like we didn't get enough of a good show to be worth the ticket prices. Its like when you buy an expensive bouquet of flowers and it comes with too much filler and not enough flowers. If you've never been to a Cirque du Soleil show this may be a good show to you but there are better shows out there. I still think "O" has been the best show on the strip and I've seen a few.
3	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show. I was kind of disappointed. I fell asleep. The talent was great but I think there could have been something more. Maybe it lacked in production or creativity or something. Not really sure. A couple in front of me actually left in the middle of the show. I did like the two guys swinging from the ceiling and the yoga guy was great. The juggling lady provided a great opener as well. I'm open to seeing another Cirque du Soleil, just not thing one.
3	Well..I remeber seeing it..do not remeber it..I was wide eyed and awake....It is qas good. .see if ypu collecting all cerq shows..as if it is a happy meal...but frankly..not memorable..O..I rememebrZumanity I do I doLe rev..I do.Zarkana..nope...So. Three bright solid stars..
2	The worst Cirque De Soleil show I've seen, it was like watching a Ringling Brothers circus act!
3	A good to show to see but nothing comparable to some of the other shows.  There were 5 major noticeable errors which ranged from the failed capture of an acrobat off the trapeze bar to the tangling of prop cords... As a local i received a discount for this show, but I must confess it still wasnt worth it.  Save your $$ and spend the extra to see "O" and Le Rev
5	Fabulous show! The costumes and stage sets were gorgeous. The acts were simply amazing and kept me riveted. I usually do not say things during a show like "wow" but many times these exclamations escaped my mouth without my knowledge simply because I was awestruck. Several times I had to re,ind myself this was live, not a photoshopped or edited TV show where these feats could be  "fixed" they were incredible. We had good seats in the middle center area. But there don't seem to be bad seats in the arena. We thought the cost of tickets was quite high, but the quality of show compensated! Get your Costco gift cards to save on the cost, but they are nonrefundable so make sure of the date. My only complaint: guests who came in late after being told the show starts on time. Couldn't see around them and they were loud! Not the show's fault, though, just rude people. Amazing show! Must see!
4	I've read a few reviews pertaining to this Cirque show and was quite surprised at what I was reading.  This was actually my first Cirque Du Soleil show and I was blown away to be honest.  I had awesome seat about 6 rows from the bottom so I had a great view. Before the show begins theres a photographer that is wandering around taking your phones....(Be prepared to pay around 45 buck for 2 photos)   My mind never wandered away from the show and I was definitely interested throughout the whole show.  The theatre was awesome and if you get there about ten minutes before the show begins the staff performers will interact with you in the audience.  I don't have this show to compare with another Cirque show which is why I loved this show so much. There's a little bit of everything in this show and the stunts that are performed are visually amazing in my opinion.  I recognize the the talent and amount of hard work these performers put into the routines that make it a great show.  The show lasted a total of an hour an a half and it seemed to go by super quick.  The music was amazing as well.  There were a few mistimed stunts that happened but they recovered pretty well and smoothly.  The tickets we had were $160.00 Each for the bench seats. I took away 1 star for the obvious mistakes the performers made.  Would I see it again....probably not  but it's definitely worth the experience.
5	Really great show! I've seen a lot of Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is even imaginative by comparison to the others. I don't want to give away parts of the show but the creative twist in this show is a thing to behold. I really loved it. Someone recommended not seeing it and I am very glad I did not listen to them. It was well worth it!
4	Interesting acts. Pretty dangerous stunts. When you go Vegas you have to see a show or two. I like all the cirque du soleil shows. Each one of them is unique. Got a see them all. Better then losing money on the black jack tables.
4	Flight was delayed so we stayed in Vegas a extra night and paid to go see the show. Wanted to see originally but we didn't want to spend too much. Decided on the last showing on Sunday and we were upgraded to better seats than for what we paid for. Being that it was my first Cirque du Soleil show, I was pretty entertained. There were a mistake here in and there by the acrobats but nothing to complain about. Didn't care to nitpick. Can't really compare to the other shows since it was my first and only show so far but can definitely say that I don't regret paying to see it.
2	It's a new show and I think they must be working out the kinks. The production consists of a series of usually impressive acrobatic and aerial acts with lots of extras running around in funny costumes (it is cirq after all) with an occasional break to watch two clowns who were only slightly less funny than the Joker from the latest Batman.And, if that last sentence seems long, you should try sitting through the show.
5	Amazing, wow, heart stopping, edge of your seat watching good time. From start to finish  your hooked. Great cast that you love cheering for and hating saying goodbye too. 90 minutes of peer joy and excitement. The tickets were a gift but if I could afford them I would go again. Thanks for a night to remember.
4	I picture the meeting where they come up with Cirque show concepts to be similar to those scenes in "That 70's Show" -- the ones where the guys are sitting around a table in a heavily smoke filled room getting high and talking about random, crazy shit. That's probably the only way they can come up with this stuff. After seeing Zarkana, I'm still not sure what the concept was -- or if there even was one. Maybe it was some sort of circus theme? There seemed to be more individual, smaller performances in the show compared to the larger scale acts found in other shows.It was still entertaining, though. The highlights for me were the older couple that balanced on the ladder, the trapeze act, and the high wire act. I had great seats -- 3rd row, right of center -- so that probably helped me appreciate all the acts. If I sat farther back maybe I would have been less impressed. The show would probably benefit from a smaller, more intimate theater.There are plenty of discounted tickets to be had. Locals can get up to half off (depending on seat location) buying directly from Cirque. Or you can get discounts from Tix4Tonight or other similar ticket vendors.
5	I've seen 4 cirque shows and this one if my favorite so far.Prices are steeply discounted if you buy on the day of and if you buy the late showing.Don't worry about purchasing the cheap seats because every seat has a clear view of the stage.I highly recommend!
3	I LOVE cirque du soleil. that said, I wanted to see Zumanity. I honnestly didn't think any shows were playing the weekend I went (Dec 12th-15th) because that's what is said on the CDS website, however, with the reccomendation of a friend, I did one of those time share presentation things and got two meals and two show tickets for $30. (fyi DO NOT do those. they are soooo tiring and will basically take up your entire day). Anyways, Zarakana was nice. It was an acrobatics feature show so it was really cool to see people perform these amazing things. The show is set up so each "act" or so takes maybe 10 mins? Some acts were amazing and super engaging. Other acts, not so much to me. If that's your thing (acrobatics, tight wrope walkers, people flying through the air on ropes/curtains, people jumping and flipping in the air for 1.5 hours) then go for it. Also the two main characters provide a lot of really funny comic relief. Not sure I would have felt it was worth it for full price, but for $30 I enjoyed it and got way more than my money's worth. Also the live music is suuuper cool!
5	It was an amazing show well worth the time.  I started off by falling down 3 stairs in the semi dark there as we were getting to our seats.  The gent asked if I was ok and radiod and I felt pretty embarrassed by it all, we sat down and the manager came over to ask if I would like an ice pack, very cool, I'm sure they were worried I was going to sue, it was entirely my fault.   Soon after the show started I forgot all about that, the set was crazy and I can't tell you how good this show is you have to see it for yourself!   I'll try to summarize it but I might be wrong.  The scene sets up in an old run down theater and ghosts inhabit the place, the performers show up in color to differentiate from the ghosts and the acts are spectacular, I was in awe from start to finish.   Realtor Karl is correct, every seat has a clear view of the stage no matter were you sit.   You can buy these on the day of the event as we did, we went over to a discount ticket place near the fashion mall, very cool people there, saved us a ton of money, for $200 we got two tickets close to the stage and discount tickets to a buffet at the Monte Carlo.
1	I've been to many cirque de soleil shows and this is by far the worse. I'm sorry, but it was just too painful to watch. The performers kept missing their mark and would fall into the net over and over again. And the clowns they used during intermission was so annoying. They weren't even funny. The clowns in mystere was much more amusing. You know a show is bad when the only thing running in your mind is, "when is this over." The previews on Arias website was what sold me to watch it, but trust me, save your money and watch something else.
5	This show is simply jaw-dropping amazing. Every act was fantastic and very well done. We had free tickets but I would easily pay $100 to see this show! A must see. It's clean and okay for kids-- no nudity or foul language. I loved every minute. Best part of my trip to Vegas!
4	I've always wanted to see a cirque du soleil show and I was not disappointed here. it was beautiful! funny and dramatic with LOUD music.my husband got seats in the group A section which are the best seats in the house and they were. the seats were like a comfy couch, very spacious.But looking at the seating chart and being there are quiet different, don't be deceived.Pretty much any seat on the first floor, which is the majority of the seats, will give you a great view of everything. Upstairs, don't bother, if your going to see a show, get a seat from where you can actually see it!BRING A PHONE OR CAMARA! they allow pictures and before the show the cast will interact with the audience and love posing for pictures.
4	This was my 4th Cirque show in Vegas and 5th overall and although it wasn't as good as all of the other ones I have seen, it's still entertaining and some of the acts were amazing.  We sat in the 1st row of the balcony which were great seats to view all the aerial over the crowd parts.  We brought our kids and they loved the humorous clowns especially.  The theater is as grandeur as the other shows and they allow photos (without flash of course) but no video taping.
1	I've never seen Criss Angel, but can't imagine it being worse than this.  Total waste of money.  If I could give less than 1 star, I would.  The number of errors was mind-boggling.  It was like watching a circus training exercise, but was priced like a full-quality show.  I'd rather see Mystere for an 8th time than to ever see this one again...unless and until there's a dramatic improvement in quality and entertainment.  My god, the singing was as terrible as it was unnecessary.  Unless you've NEVER seen a real Cirque show before (and thus have no basis for comparison) and can get tix for about $40/apiece, save your money - this one's a dud.
5	Very good show! Saw that for the first time in Vegas, the venue was like a movie theatre setting so typically you can see the show from any angle. I am especially impressed and touched by the twin brothers who did the strap flying show. The music and the design of the stage & show are fabulous. This is my first Cirque du Solieil and will not be my last.
5	We took our 10 year old kids to see this family friendly show in Vegas. I'm stunned that it doesn't have a 5 star review. I thought the show was OUTSTANDING from start to finish. Unbelievably talented acrobats, gymnasts, artists (the lady who "draws" in sand was amazing). Yes there may have been a stumble or two by some of the artists on some of the trickier acts, but the stunts performed were so challenging & dangerous - how can we sit back & point a finger? We personally ALL loved the show. Great music, classy, comfortable theatre, hilarious clowns. Don't hesitate to go watch this show. It's great!
4	This one was short but great as all the cirque du solie"s are. We got so lucky that the usher liked us so much he put us in center front row !
4	My husband and I went to see this show while on a 4-night Vegas getaway.  We have seen a few other Cirque du Soleil shows in the past and wanted to see another.  This was an entertaining hour and a half.  The two main clowns come out and interact with the audience a few minutes before show time.  At show time, there are several characters in the audience which makes for a lot of good photo opts.  There were a couple original acts that I hadn't seen before, but there were several acts that I felt I had already seen.  I realized later while reviewing the pamphlet that was passed out before the show, that this show actually takes several acts from other Cirque shows and incorporates them into the Zarkana show.  Overall it was a nice show and I would recommend it.  I don't know that I would actually go again because I feel O was so much more impressive, but then again, this show is not as expensive as O.  So the entertainment is in par with the cost.     One nice thing for me, as I am into social media, I posted a picture on IG and used the hashtag "Zarkana" as recommended in the theater, and I saw later that one of the clowns and one of the singers liked my pic.  I got to review their IG pages and was entertained for a bit.  =)  Nice life that of a cirque performer.  =)
3	Thrilling, awe-inspiring tricks and stunts, but the show still fell a little flat to me.As expected, the Zarkana by Cirque du Soleil show wowed me with its variety of aerial performances and dangerous stunts.  Although already seeing some of these tricks at other shows, I still couldn't help the nervous gasp when the stuntsmen performed their tricks!  I also enjoyed how the show got an audience member involved in the act, which kept the rest of us laughing and our spirits high.  The set was beautiful, the music was great, and the costumes were elaborate to the tee.My one complaint would have to be the lack of a central storyline, like that of the Ka Cirque du Soleil show.  Without it, the show seems less cohesive and more like a bunch of random circus acts.  With Zarkana's cool theme, it seemed like one would have been in place.  Hopefully I wasn't too dense and just missed it entirely!
1	I have been meaning to see Zarkana ever since it opened a few years ago. The promos on their website does a great job of making the show seem exciting and riveting, but it just falls flat. Of all of the Vegas Cirque du Soleil shows, this is the absolute worst. It was the one of the few shows that I have ever felt that I wanted to walk out of.Don't get me wrong, the performers are well trained and I applaud them for what they do, because hell, there is absolutely no way I could even attempt to do what they do. But the show was just not as put together or captivating as the other Cirque shows that I've been too.The show itself has all of the typical things that you would expect to find, from the interactive audience participation, the funky costumes, the acrobatic acts, the  clowns or comedic cast member who guides you through the journey, etc., but it was just lacking.If you've been to other Cirques in Vegas, you might recognize: - Similar to Mystere, it was a bunch of single acts that are put together- Similar to Ka, it has the live music/singers as well as a similar two-person wheel act- Similar to all, prior to the start of the show, some of the cast comes out to interact with the audience in a playful manorWhat wasn't exactly right- The flow of the show- it just seemed like a bunch of separate acts combined to form a  show with awkward transitions in between and a lackluster ending- Use of camera minus flash- great, you can use it, but it was beyond annoying depending who you sat next too. Is it so hard to actually watch a performance rather than trying to take the perfect shot that won't most likely come out on your phone/camera- Minor mistakes/miscues- I will say it again, the performers have a great amount of skill, but this show doesn't seem as polished as othersWhat is good - This show is on the cheaper side compared to the other Cirques in Vegas, especially if you are a member of the MGM loyalty card. -Seating- seating in the main floor premium section is extremely comfortable. Not only do you have a good view, your are sitting on a couch like seat
1	Conflicted on giving this a bad review because every performer was super talented. I can barely touch my toes while they're doing backflips in mid-air, tight roping near an open flame, and etc. There was no story line and the show was comprised of a bunch of random performances. Because the acts weren't that unique, I didn't feel the excitement and action compared to Ka or the humor compared to Mystere. At one point I did feel some adrenaline but that's because one of the performers tripped and almost fell from high above the stage...Also, the clowns we saw throughout the show was more annoying than funny.It's a shame they have a really nice theatre but didn't do anything special or unique with the stage. The quality of Zarkana was more like a touring show...maybe worse, because I watched Kooza and liked it. It's not on the same level as the other Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas and I don't know how they justify their ticket prices. If you can get your tickets comp'd by the casinos, great! If not, I wouldn't waste your hard earned winnings from playing blackjack all night.
3	If  you want to see a CDS show, then I strongly suggest seeing other ones like O or Zumanity or even Ka (even I thought Ka was better...smh).  I definitely recommend La Reve first over this one.I would give 2 stars but I gave 3 because the performers did very well except the second act with the guy, lady, and ladders.  It was a very shaky performance.  Most of the acts I've seen in America's Got Talent.  Nice to see on stage live but I wouldn't go see this again.
3	I didn't know what to expect but there is no story line.  Just a bunch of different acts for 11/2 hours.  It was enjoyable but not great.  I think I only really liked 2 acts out of 10? I think next time I'll spend my $ on something better.
3	I find that it's important to see the price differences between different shows before being too constructive in my reviews. According to Cirque du Soleil Las Vegas, these are the prices that I got for 2015 (cheapest - most expensive). I want to compare these 4 shows only because they have similar whimsical approach, family-friendly and kids-friendly. NOTE: Keep in mind that there are ALWAYS offers at the box office and their website. You can also purchase tickets at the Half Price Show Tickets booths everywhere on the strip.* Mystere (Treasure Island): starting at $85 for regular price (Category 3) to $119 for regular price (Category 1).* KA show (MGM): starting at $99 for regular price (Category E) to $150 regular price (Category B).* Zarkana (Aria): starting at $99 for regular price (Category D) to $155 for regular price (Category B).* "O" (Bellagio): starting at $109 for regular price (Category D) to $155 for regular price (Category B). There are options to purchase VIP Suite Seating but only sell for party of 2 or 4. (Check out my reviews for other three shows if you are interested.)_____________________________________________Zarkana is the youngest acrobatic show out of these 4 shows. Aria is one of the newest casino hotel on the strip, so having Zarkana featured here definitely attracted more traffics to this hotel. About the actual show, in term of the stage transformation and links between acts, it was not smooth and I believe a lot of previous comments already mentioned that! If we look at the regular pricing, this show has the third most expensive price. It is almost as expensive as buying ticket to see the "O" show which I believe to be the best of the best! I bought my ticket at Half Price Show Tickets for seats on the right side of the orchestra. Still, I was pretty closed to the stage. Then, I wished I only paid for the cheapest seats cos the theater is relatively small comparing to other shows. The sad part was that there were loads of seats opened everywhere in the theater... One cool thing - you can take photo but without flash! You can also bring in drinks as not as it is not in a glass. You will have to switch to a plastic cup at the front gates of the theater. Overall, I love watching Cirque de Soleil because I do enjoy experiencing their acrobatic and musical talents, and efforts in stage decorations. If you have never experienced Cirque de Soleil before and don't mind much about the different prices, save your money for the "O" Show. If you are like me, watch all other three before watching Zarkana, don't have your high hopes up because the best thing you may find would be sand drawings in the show. #spoilalerts!
4	Loved the live band and live singing! I've seen a lot of Cirque shows and this was definitely entertaining with different variety of acts and not just acrobatic stuff. The sand artist and the tennis ball juggler were definitely my favorite. Not too serious.. lots of comedy as well. I would definitely recommend this show!
