5	They get 5 stars for the band, even before the incredible decor and drink selection. I don't think I've ever had more fun at a bar. Irish step dancing, Irish music, Guiness and Vegas...what a magical combination!
4	Great design.They have the busts of the nine Irishmen prominently displayed in the bar, likely to avoid stupid questions, although i like that the concept of the bar goes beyond just the name.The place kind of seems like your typical counterfeit Irish pub type place but I have to give this place credit.  They have Boru (Irish Vodka) available at the bar, not to mention the full array of Irish whiskeys we've all come to know, love and blame for hangovers.  Additionally, their bangers and mash and Shepard's pie are quite delicious and the presentations are straight Vegas.The one knock, is that the place is designed a little oddly, so some of the spaces can seem very cramped, especially upstairs.  Also, this place used to feature authentic Irish music without breaking your wallet, now I've noticed some ridiculous $20 covers to get in and have a whiskey after 11pm.  Thus is the way of Vegas...
5	I had the best time here. Not only was the band great, but so were the people. My friend and I got chummy with this group of Irish guys that were seriously out of control.  They were jumping on eachother and pouring drinks on eachother it was great. I dont think I have seen anyone ever fake swim on the ground of a bar. Then they go kicked out and it sucked until they sneaked back in...then one of them got thrown out by the neck, but besides that it was a grand time, I want to go back reaal bad.
4	First place I went to when I got to Vegas after check in. I asked the cabbie for a good bar-not much of a club guy and he suggested this place. He was right, great band and live Irish dancer. The beer selection is pretty good too, a good bar, not just a good bar on the Strip.
5	Great pub, and great food.  Whenever in Las Vegas, I love to go here.  A fantastic place to people watch as well.
4	Stumbling through the chaos that is NY,NY (post roller coaster),  toward anything that resembled a drinking establishment we found ourselves at Nine Fine Irishmen.  There couldn't be a more Disneyfied Irish Pub in all the world; everything seemed really clean and new, it didn't reek of urine, and the barmaids wear Lord of the Dance costumes.  But it was somewhat charming. The bartenders told us about different whiskeys and gave us some good recommendations of places to go (and not to bother with) in Vegas.  Minus one star because for some reason we couldn't smoke at the bar upstairs (no smoking?? in Vegas??). I don't really like Ny,Ny (way too many kids), but if you find yourself there to ride the roller coaster this place is worth a visit.
4	We held a special event last Thursday here and I gotta say... the food and drink was excellent!  From the salad, to the Ribeye Steak main course, to the Creme Brulee dessert, and of course loads of Guinness and a few other brews (the I'll have what he's having...) Everything was killer.  After 9 a cool Irish band started up and the entertainment was cool as well.  Nice!
4	An authentic Irish Pub, brought over piece by loving piece. The Pub, located on the second floor in Nine Fine Irishmen seems very authentic right down to the wallpaper. Probably a little too clean and neat for an authentic pub, with polished cherry-stained wood all over!What I had...Chips and Dips - Sliced / Fried Potatoes in an aluminum pot with dips two dips made from Curry and another dip with unknown ingredients. Interesting to say the least.Lump Crab Cakes - The remoulade dip was what made this starter stand out. Without the dip, though, the Crab Cakes could not have stood out on their own.Shepherd's Pie - I told myself I'm going all authentic tonight! Let's try the Shepherd's Pie! Not authentic, with a few variations that would not confuse anyone that they were in an Irish Pub. The Port Wine sauce and vegetables makes this entree interesting, but definitely not authentic. Also served in an aluminum pail.Bailey's Creme Brulee - Pure 100% Bailey's... and nothing else. If you didn't get a buzz from the bar drinks... this "dessert" could cause you problems!Black and Tan Cake - Very good. Would order this dessert over the Bailey's anytime.An Irish band, Ri Ra, was playing this night and LOUD it was. The waitress / barmaids were cute in their RiverDance type of uniforms. Would not mind coming here more just for this...In summary... The environment might be authentic, but not the atmosphere... definitely a Las Vegas feel to the whole evening. AND Bring LOTS of money, and some ear muffs to muffle out the noise which is tremendous when the Irish band is playing. And even when the band is not playing, the noise is tremendous!If New York, New York wants this to be authentic... bring over a dart-throwing area, and some TVs showing soccer or rugby matches for starters.
5	I have been here many timesand it has always been great. This time we sat upstairs, we had a couple or five magners and the bap trio and the Delicious brushmills bread pudding.        At The table next to us sat the most annoying couple ever to take breath as firstly they had a coupon then wanted to share a soup which caused ww3 as it came to the table in1 bowl "Yes can you believe it a shared soup in 1 bowl", then the table was square and the sky was to blue the place was to Irish. The staff were great and the service fantastic and the food great, even though about 80% of the menu isn't Irish as both my parents are and believe me the food here isn't over cooked and salty
5	As a semi-pro football player this is my teams type of after party.  Good band and you can get pretty loud with the boys and not have some guy with a bad flat top ask you to leave.  Shots of wiskey can make or break your night, at this place it starts it
4	Four of us went here on a packed Friday night for some food.  We were seated upstairs along the railing -- in perfect range of the band that was playing.  The food that we got was really good and came surprisingly fast.    My friend and I had the goat cheese and tomato stack salad first and the maple glazed salmon.  My other two friends split the shepherd's pie.  It came in a little metal bucket.  Everything was huge.  The prices were a bit more than you would expect an Irish pub to have, but it is Vegas.   Thankfully we decided to split our entrees.  As it was we could barely finish what we had.  Overall, the service was good and fast and the food was good.
5	first things first...walk in the door and find a cool guy with an irish accent to pour you an irish car bomb.  then order your beer or beverage of choice.  second...walk to the side of the dance floor and get a little buzzed.  get acquainted to the crazies on the dance floor...you will soon be one of them.  third...pick up on the songs the live band plays on the weekends and become one of those crazy people you were eyeing on the dance floor who seems to be doing the irish jig (aka white men can't dance) routine.  i try to go there every time i'm in vegas...and i somehow always remember the words to the songs.
4	So due to a mechanical problem, my flight from Vegas to LA was delayed and I was stuck in the city of sin for a night. Big bummer, huh? My BFF and I decided to take advantage of our luckiness and make it a night to remember, even though it was a Monday. That's how we do.We have friends that RAVE about Nine Fine, but we both had never been there. I love NYNY and I had loved the Big Apple Bar, which is now being turned into a money cage. Boo. But we decided to venture into Nine Fine...and what fun it was!We were hungry, but we arrived after the kitchen closed, so we decided to have a drink or two and then go find food. I really liked the atmosphere of the place. I'm quite familiar with pubs, especially as BFF's dad has worked for Guinness for 20+ years, and this place looks authentic! We went upstairs to the bar and were greeted immediately. The bartenders were pleasant, and while our first drinks were not strong, they were decent.  Then we moved on to apple martinis (I know, in an Irish pub, but whatever!). Soon they asked us to move downstairs, as they were closing the upstairs part. No prob.Downstairs was a lively Irish band (I think they are called Ri-Ra or something like that). Although it was not packed, it was busy enough and soon people were dancing. It was really fun. BFF and I began drinking "Drunken Peaches" from the speciality cocktail menu. At $10, they were really strong, but sweet and delicious. We really liked taking our cocktails outside to the large patio. At 12am, on a Monday/Tuesday in February, the Strip was pretty much a ghost town. It was a cool experience. I will be back for sure!
5	Nice chill restaurant that serves great food with great service. The bill was reasonable despite the amount of drink that was ordered.They have this sausage appetizer that is absolutely incredible.  We had a party of 7 and the waitress was all over us.
4	Cool place!I went in for a couple of pints and lunch as I was watching some tournament games @ NY NY.  Very cool, big space.  Food is quite good, especially the fish and chips but priced on the high side.   7 beans for a Guiness?  Ouch.  Thats vegas I guess though.   Didnt go at night, but I imagine it gets crazy.ONE fine irishmen says check it out...
4	Cool looking Irish place, with great Irish bands.  Once you get out of sight of the NYNY slots, it looks like the real deal.I love the super-secret outdoors patio.  Long wooden tables are perfect for my friend's clog dancing episode (she later got booted from the entire NYNY property for trying this inside).
2	Every trip we go for a pint and some Black Bush. Always leave disappointed. Grew up in McSorley's so I'm always looking for something to stir the memories. Not worth the trip unless you're at the Excalibur, MGM or NYNY. It's ain't NY.
5	bushmill's bread & butter bread pudding!this review is based entirely on the bread pudding offered at this pub.  it's a sensationally sinful brioche served warm and bulging with raisins.  you split it open and its steam rises and releases a warm aroma of sweet doughy heaven.  pour the whiskey cream and caramel sauces over this hunk of perfection and savor every last bite.
3	NFI is a pretty cool alternative to the crazy, expensive clubs in Vegas.  You'll actually be able to hear your friends speak in this place.  There was a cover band playing U2 and the like.  On a Saturday night, the cover was free for ladies and Military ID holders and $5 for guys, which isn't bad.  However, the place was packed, making finding a place to sit next to impossible.  On top of that, they inexplicably closed the upstairs area while we were there, forcing everyone to crowd downstairs.  I wouldn't go all the way to NFI from the Wynn, but if you are in a hotel nearby it is worth checking out.
5	Great place to get some good food and a pint!I had the chance to have two meals at NFI during my trip out to Vegas.  Both were great! The first meal was lunch.  I had a burger with Irish cheddar and bacon.... does anything beat a well executed burger?  It was great.... especially with a good Guinness.  The second meal was dinner.... which was a bit hazy.  It was kind of like a roast in a guinness sauce over mashed potatoes.  The important thing is to remember that it was great.  For dessert, I had the Bushmill's bread pudding.... which I have learned is the favorite on this forum!  It was awesome.... especially with another Guinness!This place will be at the top of my list if I ever get back to Vegas.  Highly recommend!!
2	This place isn't all that. Maybe its cause I went in there to early in the day.  Didn't really look like a great place to party or waste a lot of time in. Although it did have a nice Irish look. But I still won't go back.
1	This place is run by cheap bastards. I have eaten here before. Nice atmosphere, but overpriced food. The fish and chips are okay, but nothing to write home about (we have better in SF). The reason why I am giving this restaurant 1 star and a bad review is because I booked a night at the NYNY casino-resort where the restaurant is located. Part of my package included several two for one coupons. I was on that leg of my trip by myself and assumed I could use the coupon for NFI as 50% off a single item. The restaurant refused to honor the coupon (from their own property) and treated me very rudely (and this was within minutes of checking in). I can't believe they would be so cheap that they wouldn't honor a coupon in this way (for $14 fish and chips) and acted like it was the weirdest or most awful thing in the world that I would request to use it as a single diner. She told me I would have to order one fish and chips and get a second order in order to use the coupon (thus wasting the food). Not only that, but the host and bartenders didn't seem to know what was going on and were rude. I will never set foot inside this place again or NYNY. These people are cheap and it shows bad judgment and management when people book a vacation at your establishment, are looking forward to going to this restaurant, and then treat their own patrons so badly. Jerks. I am not sure what their management is thinking, but I won't ever give them my business again.
5	Any place with dueling pianos wins points with me.  I don't know that I would pick this place to eat but it makes for a great after dinner pub.  The decor is your usual Irish Pub with a strong focus on dark wood and heavy furniture.  We were able to kind of steak out a little nook where we drank and talked amongst ourselves before meeting a few people seated near us.
1	I'm going to keep this short.This place advertises itself as an "Irish Pub" - being British I can categorically tell you this place is not a pub.  It's a restaurant.  It doesn't even have a proper bar area so the whole place is no smoking.Maybe the foods good, I wouldn't be able to tell you.  I left.
3	It was fun for what it was...a pub in a Vegas hotel...nothing more...nothing less.They have imported Guinness from Dublin here so thats kind of nice if you know the difference between American Guinness and Irish Guinness.My wife had an apple martini that she thought was too strong...but she isn't much of a drinker so I tried it and it was definitely too strong.Did not try the food, but again this place is just a  gimmick bar inside a luxury casino hotel. Enjoy it for what it is...an excuse to drink.
4	I have to say, I loved this place.So, yes, it's not an ultra-authentic Irish Pub, BUT it is a place in Vegas where you can get some some good Irish grub and live entertainment that doesn't involve bottles service a $500+ booth and waiting in line for an hour.8 girls and I went for dinner and had a cute waiter (wish I could remember his name now) who was super attentive and helpful. We ate, drank, chatted, drank, ate, drank, etc... They had cider and guiness straight from Ireland and it was perfect. We then found out they were having a live band - a live IRISH band. So, we nixed our previous plans, did a quick wardrobe change and headed back to the NFI for the music. The first 1/2 of the set was full of upbeat irish classics. The second 1/2  - good old American favorites (think Bon Jovi, Journey, CCR, etc).  They even had an Irish dancer. The place was awesome and a real change of pace for Vegas. No posers allowed.
3	$12.50 for a margarita! Who are you kidding? Yeah, the drinks are expensive as hell, they have fake imperial glasses, bartender seemed very confused when I asked him for a round, service was slow, I could complain forever...But then I just think about the Cabernet-Poached Pear Pizza with Bleu Cheese and Caramelized Red Onions.... Heaven!Only in a world as backwards as Vegas can you get away with charging the same price for a pizza and a margarita, but the pizza made up for the weak drink and all other complaints I had.
4	We wanted a casual, yet fun, bar to chill at the Wednesday night before the 4th of July, which Nine Fine Irishmen fit. The space is mostly made up of tables with a small awkward space where you can stand and/or dance. We ended up standing, which was fine and allowed for easier bar access, which is always key.The Irish band, with accompanying Irish step dancer, playing that evening was awesome. They played all my favorite Irish songs and I think did a few covers as the evening progressed. The crowd was mixed in age and, as I always find at Irish pubs, they were quite friendly. We chatted with some people around us and my brother-in-law did some shots with a bachelorette party that wandered in. We drank Harp and Smithwick that evening and I think each beer was about $6.50. Nine Fine Irishmen is an upbeat and casual alternative to the lounge/club scene. My husband and I will definitely go back on a future Vegas trip when that is what we are looking for.
4	The bar scene on the Vegas Strip makes me feel old and fat and poor.   Every bar we went into in every casino had muted pastel lights and space age decor, and was filled with young, blonde, huge-racked girls in tiny clothes, and the men who love them.  The bar tab was inevitably a month's rent, and the drinks were watery.  This is why Nine Fine Irishmen is different.  Don't get me wrong; there are a large number of the young, blonde, huge-racked girls in tiny clothes and the young men who pine for them here, but there's also a nice mix of people closer to my age.  It really invoked the pub atmosphere I know from the U.K.  The decor is all dark wood, and I think is the actual interior of a pub shipped over from Ireland.  If it's not authentic, it's an excellent replication.  The house band, Ri Ra, was great!!!  They mixed old pub drinking songs with Pogues covers and other Celtic rock songs.   The beer and whiskey selection was excellent as well.   We were kind of hungry, but none of the appetizers appealed to us.   Still, it was a good time.They lose a star for the price of the drinks ($24 for two pints and a whiskey) and the slight lack of seating space, since as I mentioned before, me=old, fat, poor.  But if I'm ever keen to drink on the Strip again, I'll make an effort to come here.
4	The food tastes Irish.  Amazing.  We only split the meatloaf because after a huge buffet breakfast, half was still an indulgence.  Good crispy onions, yummy potatoes, moist meatloaf, good saucy stuff.  For a minute I thought I was at "IN Dalky" in Dalky, Ireland.  So good.  And splitting was more then enough food.  The portions are huge.20 bucks for lunch and a beer.
4	I love this place. We happened upon it as my brother and I were looking for a beer while the wives shopped. We ended up back here for lunch and then back again for the late evening.The food here is good, although I wouldn't put it on my all time favorites list for Irish food. Okay, not great.But what really shines here are the people. The patrons, the band, the staff. The prices are a bit too high ($7 for a pint - minus one star) but they have some good Irish single malts on hand. The Irish band was a lot of fun and the people I met here were just fun, intelligent (and coherent) people.
4	We came there right at the opening for an Irish Breakfast and some Guinness. Got a great black and tan, and a huge plate of potatoes, sausages, eggs, rashers, cold toast, and a roasted tomato. I've had better rashers for sure, but it was a pretty good brunch! Irish Coffee was great too.
4	One of the better Casino Bars. They get it pretty right. Sure it's overpriced, everything in the Casinos is overpriced but New York, New York is a LITTLE better than most and Nine Fine Irishman is a cool hang, especially upstairs.
3	I cant vouch for the food but everything else was wayyy fun!  Irish shit talkin singers make you feel happy once you get pissedI believe there is an upstairs patio
3	While my Shepard's Pie wasn't anything to remember or the terrible service I had , this place is a really fun place to go have drinks. The bands they have are so good and entertaining, you feel like your in a real Irish Pub. This is a great post diner or show place to have drinks and live entertainment but stick with somewhere else for diner.
5	Granted, this might not be the most Irish of all Irish pubs, being tucked away in the New York New York Hotel/Casino in Vegas. But it's a damn good time regardless.I went here with my BF because we both love Irish bars, and we happened to have the BEST time ever at this particular watering hole. There were 3 Irishmen at the bar from Canada, and an Irishman from New York city with his Jersey girlfriend -- our whole time there was a combination of dancing, singing Irish songs (dirty old townnnnn....), laughing, biting (the good kind, but even the bad kind is the good kind), singing pop songs (loudly), and of course, lots of Irish whiskey (Jameson) and beer (Smithwicks - for you beer dunces out there, the "w" is silent). It's the most drunk I've ever gotten without throwing up. That's a personal record I would write in my diary if I had one. I'd probably even stick a Hello Kitty twin star sticker next it and everything.The bartender was heavy handed and fun and I think he even shaved that day. He even resembled Colin Farrel a bit; but maybe that's just because I was watching Colin's porn clip on the web just an hour earlier (5 stars for his performance, FYI). The crowd was definitely lively; how much of that was attributed to the fact that you're on vacation and you're supposed to be lively on vacation, I'm not sure. A guitarist took the stage and sang a variety of songs, which of course, we all slaughtered along to ourselves. He totally humored us and was a champ about all our heckling. I'm sure he talked shit about us after his shift, but he sure acted like he wasn't going to.  It truly was one of the funnest times I've ever had at a bar. We didn't try the food, so I can't vouch for that, but the crowd and the staff -- five stars all the way.I will definitely be coming back here my next Vegas round. The Irish really know how to throw down. Just ask Colin.
3	Stopped in here for a quick lunch.  Was sort of disappointed that they didn't have any Tv's at the bar to watch some sports on.  I like to see how my wagers are working out.  I got myself a pint and the bangers and mash.  It should have been called Banger and Mash, because there was only one sausage.  The portion seemed incredibly small for 13 bucks, but what the hell do I know.  Maybe they had to fly that stuff all the way from Ireland.I thought the selection of on-tap beer seemed adequate.  Some people who walked in were real happy they had Smithwicks on tap.  I must really have my timing wrong because hardly anyone was in here when I came in.  Altho all the serving staff seemed to be busy, but they were folding napkins, stocking the bar, etc.The food I had was really good.  A little pricey at 24 bucks total for a beer and that one sausage and a little mashed potatoes.Oh well, I'll be back here on St Patty's Day and we'll see what they have to offer then.
5	A MUST GO!This place is two stories but small. It captures the irish feel with the wooden interior well. There are two bars and normally the bottom bar is the busiest. At night there is great irish band. And occasionally there is a dancer or two. The second floor is what  i recommed if you want to get away from some of the crazyness. The booths are private and the outside area is often over looked.Normally that's where i head to grab some drinks then i go downstairs to cause mischief!I've never eaten there. Because. really. I came to drink and listen to dam good brooding music!
4	Very Classy Irishbar.  Hung out here for a couple beers in the middle of one of our Vegas Days and it was a great spot to just pass some time.  And I got to try another new beer.  Hooray.  It was a Czech lager called Revo 1842.  Not bad.  Always happy when I get to explore the world of beer....  When we were about to leave, we noticed they had a sign that said "Patio Outside" so we decided to give it a looky...  And it was cool.  They have this Patio outside on the strip so next time I come, I'd love to chill outside on a nice day drinking a brew...  Then, they also have an upstairs that I didn't get to check out so looks like this is one of my "must visit" places the next few times I come to Vegas......
2	First the good things about this place: the restaurant is very pretty.  They're trying to be your local Irish pub, if you were in Ireland, but the colors are rich, the lighting pretty, and easy on the eyes, but not flashy at all.  Seating was easy to get and the place wasn't crowded.  And that's about it.Maybe it's because I had high expectations, but I was disappointed when I visited Nine Fine Irishmen.  I just loved saying the name with an Irish brogue and I expected there to be people dancing a jig and entertainers reciting reels or something.  We must have come at the wrong time, because that didn't happen.  The marketing machine for this restaurant did an excellent job of selling this place, what with the "authentic Irish pub, dismantled piece by piece and reassembled at the spectacular New York New York casino" crap.  I just kept thinking, "Who are the Nine Fine Irishmen?"  I checked the website, which describes each of the irishmen and makes them out to be freedom fighters.  I kept thinking, "Does that mean they're terrorists?"I was willing to forgive them if the food was good.  It was subpar.  I was hoping the shepherd pie would be hearty and intense with flavor.  It was bland.  My friend ordered the sausage pail, which is sausage served with whole mustard.  It tasted like sausage with whole mustard.  The beer made it go down well, but that doesn't change the fact that it was just sausage and mustard- nothing special.  I was going to try dessert, but since we were so disappointed with our entrees, we didn't see the point.
2	A contrived, overpriced faux irish pub that's perfect for Vegas. The live music was ok though.
4	I'm not a big club person, so I heard there was an Irish pub in Vegas, I was there on my first night. Good selection of Irish beer. We had HUGE chicken pot pies served in a pail. Soooo good.
5	During our last trip to vegas, we had the pleasure of having a meal at this pub.  Of course, its Vegas, so it's only slightly more authentic than the rest of Vegas, but as a restaurant it's quite nice.  In fact, this was actually a return trip to this pub.Both times that we've been, the host/wait staff has been friendly, helpful an ready to serve.  This time, was sat in a small demi-room with a couch-booth.  It made me happy and the delicious Magner's cider (so much better from the tap than from a bottle) kept me nice and comfy in my seat.Plus, we were seated upstairs, where the bar is, so the noise of the casino was blotted out entirely.Both times I've eaten here, I've been happy.  The waitress recommended the horseradish crusted halibut, which was worth the recommendation.  My husband had the chicken pot pie, which was full-flavored and rich.  Since he's british and a pickey eater to boot, this is a good sign.In short, I can't speak to its authenticity, but the food, atmosphere and beer are worth a stop.
5	Great bar with live music [Irish].  I believe the bar was shipped from Ireland. Cool environment and great beer. I had dinner here once, but it was New Years day and they were out of a lot of stuff on the menu. Which seems to happen at most places in Vegas after New Years eve. I always stop by here when in Vegas.
5	This is my go-to bar that a friend who's a local introduced me to and we go here almost everytime I'm in Vegas. It has that standard pub look to it, and it seems roomier inside than from what you see in the front. The live band always plays great covers. I know I've sang along to some Oasis and U2 there. And I always leave this bar satisfied and really drunk. A good tip that one of the waitresses told us was that when you're at the outside patio and get your drinks served there, you don't have to pay the entertainment tax.
5	I took my friends here last night which was awesome, I have to give props to the front door guys. I had my id but i couldn't grab it in time so he asked me what a rotary phone is. I had to explain it. He said if i knew what that was then i was old enough to get it! lol. Also i'm disabled today because my ass hung out on the outdoor area where it was slick and needless to say... i slid across the ground into the fence. Made a few tourists laugh. Everytime i'm here something crazy happens. And bar service is as always friendly and great! :)
4	Ah, an oasis of relative normality amid the incessant glitz of the Strip.  I usually avoid New York, New York because it's one of the more "amusement park"-esque casinos in town.  But on our last trip, those of us that were left on Sunday afternoon were bored and could use a place just to sit and have a few beers...like we do everywhere else but Vegas.A sign in the men's room claims that the bar was built in Dublin and transported piece by piece.  I'm not sure if I buy that, but it is comfortingly authentic in that Americanized, idealized way.  Everything's a little too perfect, but I'll take it.  Dark wood, cozy nooks, wistful signage evoking the old country...it's all there.  Beer selection could be better, but of course they have Guinness, Smithwick's, Harp, and Magner's.  I tried Murphy's Red for the first time (B+) but would have preferred Murphy's Stout.  Pints are $7, which on the one hand is highway robbery, but on the other seems in line with Strip pricing.All in all, a great place to park your caboose to take a rest from the sights and sounds of Las Vegas, especially in the afternoon when it isn't crowded.  Incidentally, check out their website for a lengthy and respectable (for a bar site) history of the Young Irelander movement and the nine eponymous patriots.
3	The feel is definitely laid back and pubby (is that a word?)  There is cute irish riverdance-like music that goes on below.  The decor is charming, but crowd tends to be a bit on the older side.
4	This is definitely one of the coolest looking places and more fun bars I've ever been to. First off, I love Irish bars. That culture has a really fun attitude about boozing, and some of the best drinks in the world. Whisky, beer and Irish cream, awesome. Second, this place has great food. It's rare to find an awesome bar, that also has awesome food. Usually I can either a) tolerate the food or b) drink enough crappy beer to not care how bad the booze is, even though the food rocks. I really love the second level of this bar. It's a huge high ceiling-ed place with dark, rich wood bars and cozy lighting. They pump Irish music in (not too loud) to add to it. There's lots of Irish decor and pictures as well. This place recently fell from 5 to 4 stars in my book for several reasons. 1. They do a lot of private parties here. You may be turned away every night of your stay.2. Prices seem significantly higher. $10 for a pint of Guinness, and it's (probably) neither an imperial or even full pint.3. Food seems to be out of stock a lot. Certainly dishes were out of stock several times.4. Service. We used to LOVE the bartenders here (especially Dave, the Mexican guy and the guy who served us "shaleighleighs." Since then, the staff is almost indignant and sometimes approaching rude.5. I HATE to say it, but I definitely got food poisoning here once (it was the only place I had eaten in 24 hours, so I know it was them.) It wouldn't stop me from returning or recommending this place, but it's my first thought when we enter here.6. Crowded. Sometimes it's impossible to get in.More on the good (I feel like I left too many negatives.) Food is great here. Everything I've had was top notch. The sausage pail is one of my favorites. It's small, deep fried sausages in a little 'bucket.' They are super tender and juicy. It's a meal for two. They also have Guinness pies, which kinda like empanadas or similar. Very good, but kinda skimpy. The baked brie is good, but also a little skimpy. I like the crab dip a lot. It was very flavorful and fresh. They have a huge selection of whiskies and mixed drinks here. They actually have some interesting concoctions on their menu. They also serve several Irish beers and of course, Guinness. I highly recommend this place, with a bit of caution towards being able to even get in. Pretty much, if you can get in, I'd do it. But I wouldn't go way out of my way to do so, anymore. I really wish it was still a 5 star, but it's hard to say I love a place where the service has failed recently, and I can't even get into! Anyway, enjoy it, if you can. Slainte!
5	Been here many times. Still great atmosphere... food is awesome.. great deal for the money.. always authentic irish atmosphere and entertainment. Dont recommend taking kids.
5	Fantastic atmosphere, great staff, amazing food, this place has it all and is always #1 on my recommended list of bars/restaurants to check out when friends go to Las Vegas. I love eating inside with all the decor, but sitting outside is a nice treat in Vegas since most restaurants are totally inside the casinos. I've had the burgers which are out of this world and the heirloom tomato salad with goat cheese, blue cheese and farmhouse cheese - good but I wouldn't get it again. Last time I was there, my sister and friend both enjoyed the roasted turkey panini with muenster cheese and spicy cranberry chutney on muesli bread with seeds and dried cranberries in it (they described it as Thanksgiving in a sandwich). It's definitely worth a pit stop to New York New York!
3	It was lovely to sit outside instead of one of the dark restaurants and the service was very good.  But the $20.00 fish and chips were average at best and the Brie stuffed chicken was lacking in Brie. If you are looking for a beer selection that includes something other than bud, bud light and MGD, it's worth a stop. I wouldn't eat here again, but will stop by for a beer.
5	I was seated on the patio for dinner and the atmosphere was great (until someone started smoking).  Inside seemed very cozy and sticks to the very homey pub theme.  It was very reminiscent of European architecture.  Starting with a wonderful Heritage Tomato salad with 4, very fresh, cheeses.  The baby heritage tomatoes actually had more flavor but with the cheese covered up some of the mealy taste of one of part of one of the heritage tomatoes.  After pointing this out, they brought me some more fresh slices.This was followed by an extra large portion of Red Snapper that was expertly braised on one side and topped with (almost too many) capers and a buttery accent sauce.  I ordered, by recommendation, the Mac & Cheese.  Short of what I love from my home town (Charleston, SC), the Mac and Cheese was expertly baked with a wonderfully crispy topping and smooth, creamy sauce.  All meals are accompanied by what I'm sure they claim to be fresh raisin bread but it came across as a bit stale.  What was nice was the Irish butter in a pesto sauce to spread over the bread.  If the bread was warm it would have been much better.I came back later, after walking off some of dinner, to one of the best bread puddings that has ever hit my tongue.  It arrived piping hot in a large cone shaped mug with two sauces on the side (one was some sort of whiskey sauce).  They proceeded to overturn the mug to empty out the succulent and buttery bread pudding onto the plate.  It seems that they may have intended one to dip the bread putting in each sauce with a spoon but given some of the other great bread puddings, in my experience, I proceeded to drizzle the sauces over the bread and dug in.  This was definitely not portioned for a single person or serving.I would have been happy to pay the same price for more of a personally sized portion of each of the main course and the desert but it was definitely one of the best meals and deals that I've had on the strip.  I wish I could have stayed for some of the table dancing and band playing.  I am excited to visit there again and try something new the next time I'm in Vegas (though I probably won't deviate far from the pudding!).
5	He said, "I can't believe we are giving this place five stars but they deserve it. We didn't expect to eat at this place and we have no regrets. We sat outside and had a nice view of the strip..and the stripper looking girls that were drunk...oh and the guys with the capris. Anyways, we had a bone in ribeye steak and the mac and cheese. The steak was so tender and the mac and cheese were the best we ever had..up to the point because another place one up them. This is an irish pub in Vegas so be prepared for the drunk people lounging around and expensive prices. There were men in skirts...I mean kilts there and they even had a dancer on the stage jumping up and down...very old school irish. Very good food..period"She said, "yeah we didnt expect to eat at this place, but it was the closet place we could find. No regrets at all, we were really suprised by the food. Everything was amazing, my boyfriend and i split the rib eye and mac and cheese, it was sooooo good and especailly for midnight food. We figured since it was really late it wouldnt come out that good, but it came right from the oven/grill. It was very good. Again, an irish old school pub and resturaunt but you would be very suprised by their food :0)
4	The lack of authenticity is on par with the rest of Vegas. But Vegas is authentic in its own Vegas way. So it's authentically Vegas. Located in New York New York, the inside part of the restaurant is supposed to look like an Irish pub, but it looked like what an Irish pub would look like if it were in Disneyland. We sat on the patio, which was great at night, because it's a pretty good view of the strip and still pleasantly warm without the sun burning your skin off. Was the food good? It was pretty decent, better then I expected. Was it overpriced for what it was? Yes of course it was. But I still enjoyed it.The table enjoyed an appetizer of beer battered Irish sausage with Guinness mustard dipping sauce. It was okay, I personally like my bangers a little meatier and less squishy. My boyfriend and I decided to split the Shepard's Pie, which they serve/bake in a metal bucket thingy. It was enough food for the both of us and $18. I still think my mom's Shepard's Pie tastes better, but she's really British, and of course home-cooking is always better. However some of the other members in our party got the steak, which is crusted with Blue Cheese for around $26 and everyone was raving about it. People enjoyed Guinness, Murphy's, Harp, and more. So it's definitely a good place to go to get these things on tap in Vegas. However, they serve you in wimpy half pints for the same price as a regular one. Kind of sad.We had fun here, and only had to wait about 30 minutes for a table with a party of 7. They had live music, and a real live Irish dancer who's tapping could be heard filtering through the bar onto the patio where we were sitting.I would probably come back here and split the Shepard's Pie again, because it was enough food for half the price!
3	Great service, good food, nice ambiance, including a great live band on the night I was there! Yes, it's a tad pricey, but if you're looking to lift a pint of Guinness while in Sin City then this is a pretty cool place.
4	I absolutely love this place.  Great food, great service, and great entertainment.  I will likely go back everytime that I am in Vegas.  My only reason for a 4 instead of a 5 is because they were completely out of fish.  That was kind of a bummer since I had my heart set on salmon, but not the end of the world.  The steak was a great second choice.  I would also recommend the beer and cheese dip for starters. Since it was my birthday they brought out a great bread and butter pudding...I've never liked it before, but it was sooooo good.  I also love the live music and am looking forward to my next visit.
5	We stopped here for a light lunch and it was quite enjoyable! I didn't want anything overly heavy, so I got the Irish breads with cheese [kind of like a fondue with ale] and it was amazing. Five different kinds of bread to dip into a warm, creamy cheese dip. Yum!It feels a bit tucked away too, despite its location on the strip, and the restaurant has lots of booths for more intimate settings. I'd come back for sure.
5	Was there on 7/26My friends and I were kinda burnt out on the "club scene", so we decided to head over to Nine Fine Irishmen. Our trip started when we payed the $5 cover(Not bad at all considering some clubs OVERcharging guys).Anyway, as soon as I entered, I fell in love with this place. Live MusicGreat atmosphereA true "PUB"Two storiesPatioTOP SHELF WHISKEYS (JAMESON 18 and 20 year)DARK BEER (Smithwicks, Guiness 250)-all in all, great place.cheers.
4	A great Irish Pub. There is a live band that plays a lot of Irish music, old and original, and they even play covers of some of your favorite songs!! Drinks are reasonably priced and the bartenders are nice too. This place is so fun that it gets very crowded!! Although this is located in a hotel on the strip (I don't like the strip), I'll still come back around for more of this place.As this is on the strip, there is no place to lock up a bike.
4	This is my kind of pub and not just because I'm Irish. Located in the NY NY Hotel, it's one of the few descent places to sit back and have a cold one. Though I will warn you right now, it's not cheap. We are talking $8.75 for a cocktail and $7.25 for a Guinness. The pub itself is beautiful, designed by The Irish Pub Company who design, manufacture, and install authentic Irish Pubs globally. The staff is extremely playful, which helps after you just lost some cash at the tables. There is a small stage for a band but we ended up leaving just before they played. Apparently they sing old and new Irish folk songs and cover almost anything you ask them to. I didn't have a chance to really look at their menu but I did see that they had a traditional Irish breakfast complete with bangers and the ever so nasty white and black pudding (I won't even eat that in Ireland!!). Go in and have a pint!!
5	We had such a good night here - great atmosphere, fantastic band (who took requests from the floor), a really good Irish dancer and far too much Guinness (a bit pricey but it is Vegas!). We stayed for 4 hours till closing time.
5	Love this place! Went here last year and had to get back this time too! Great authentic Irish food. I had the lamb stew which is amazing, with Irish soda bread, and an order of sausages. Mmmmm... We were there for lunch and there was a great guitar player, playing both Irish classics and classic rock.  SO fun!! I had my first Guiness car bomb there! They also offered other great cocktails. There is a small gift shoppe in the front of the store where I got my Nine fine t shirt. The restaurant is located inside NYNY which is a very cute hotel. Being from Ny, some of the cuteness of the hotel is lost on me, coz Ive seen all that stuff a million times, here at home. But def worth a visit if you are not from here and would like to have a little sample of what the "city" looks like. Although its MUCH cleaner in NYNY.... Lol.
2	I was very excited to see a pub like atmosphere show up a few years back in Vegas. We went here pretty late in the evening to grab a beer and the vibe was just off. It was a lot of older couples and groups of men, there was limited seating and barely anywhere comfortable to stand out of the way. Ordered a Black and Tan and it was nearly $10!! Honestly, I think you stand way better chances of going to a pub off the strip.
5	We stop here for lunch whenever visiting Las Vegas. It's a great place to "escape" the noise & bright lights of the casino floors.  The food is excellent, and they know how to pour a proper pint of stout. My husband always orders the Irish breakfast, and says it's just as good as the breakfasts we've been served in B&Bs all over Ireland.  I love their fish-n-chips, accompanied by a pint of Magner's cider.  I didn't think the prices were any more outrageous than anywhere else on the strip.
3	Not super reasonable, not really all that authentic, but still a pretty cool place to hang out, eat yummy appetizers, and enjoy a drink or some live music.Located inside NY NY, this place serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner and has upstairs, downstairs, and patio bars.  I can't comment on what it's like late-night, but I hung out here with three other people in the early evening (5-7 or so) and it was very comfortable and relaxed.  When we sat down we were originally served by a bartender who was a total jackass, but the guy that took over the next shift was extremely friendly and efficient.  Someone else bought drinks so I can't comment on prices (I would assume they're not super-cheap but not ridiculous either) but the appetizers were in the $10-15 range and YUMMY!  At the second bartender's suggestion, the four of us shared the beer and cheese dip (which came with crackers and bread) and an order of fried sausages (which came with two different homemade mustards).  Both were yummy and perfect to go with the black-and-tans and shots of whiskey we ordered :)
3	The pub vibe is awesome and they know how to pour a Guinness!  The food wasn't what I hoped it would be so stick with the booze and you're all right.
5	If you want to have a night out in Vegas that lacks pretentiousness or the mainstream cheese ball factor then look no further.  The drinks were priced about right for Vegas and the Irish band was good.  A lot better than the Irish bands I heard when I was in Dublin city 4 months ago.  The bartenders on the upper level were top notch and professional.
5	I don't know what people down below were complaining about. Nine Fine Irishmen was fantastic! Popped in between lunch and dinner, had a Newcastle on Tap (delicious) and ordered the steamers (clams with garlic) to share with my boyfriend. SO FREAKING DELICIOUS!! I would drive all the way back to vegas just for the steamers. Bar Tender was awesome and they had an  entertaining singer doing requests (although he doesn't know any irish songs). As far as the price goes for the price of beer, YOU'RE IN LAS VEGAS! DUH! But Nine Fine Irishmen not as expensive as alot of other places for the quality. Definitely a great find!!
3	Bar in the New York New York hotel that is very reminiscent of an Irish bar in New York City. Beers and drinks are expensive. Beer was $7.25 and a shot of jager was $8. Stage in the back for bands. The noise level wasn't horrible for a place that small. The place closes at 3 am and they waste no time in kicking you out.We did not try the food. Maybe next time we will and will gain a star.
5	The people whom/which/and do love this place ... are my brethren.Yes. A lil' over priced on the drinks ... BUT I've had an awesome time every single time I've gone. It's also one of the most different bars in Vegas. Everything else is neon and posers: this bar is almost like a neighborhood bar. I always make sure to visit whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
1	I was soooo disappointed.  The marinated onion rings were really good but that was were things ended.  The fish & chips were bland.  The "tarter sauce" tasted like mayo.  It really didn't have the distinct tarter sauce taste.  The "chips" were good but please if you can't get that right I am really going to worry.  The presentation was comical.  It was in a cone and the fish was buried under a mound of fries.  The fish needed seasoned.  My friend had the shepherds pie and that was tasteless as well.  Very disappointing.
3	I grew up in Boston - I think we have the monopoly on Irish bars.  Anyway, Nine Fine Irishmen is alright - they serve Guinness, but it's bloody expensive (too expensive).  It's got an interesting decor, gets a bit crowded, and live Irish music is always a treat.  Anyone out there that is sick of spending big bucks on Newcastles, head down to the old Barbary Coast for 99 cent ones - draft beers, it's all the same.  Not a place I would want to camp out in, but this bar would do to kill an hour or two.
4	In New York, New York.  The fish and chips were great, $20 though.   The shepard's pie was bland, menu said something about tri tip being in it, it was just hamburger.  The service was horrible.  The waitress dropped off items like the plate was hot and that she had to go put out a fire in the kitchen.  I had to grab the hostess to get malt vinegar, yeah a pub that does not even have malt vinegar on the tables.  The Irish band was great and they had an Irish dancer that was great and not so, omg, riverdance.  They have some really fake looking busts of nine famous Irishman high up on a wall, I saw no signs identifying any, probably Thomas Swift was one of them.  Beer was three types of Guiness, Smythwicks', Newcastle, a hard cider, and other beers, no Murphy's.  The band starts at 9:15, they really get the crowd going, some danced.  Casual dress is ok here.
5	"Mc Intires!!!" If Disneyland and some podunk Dublin pub had a love child, it would be "Nine Fine Irishmen" I've never been to Ireland. The closest thing I've been to Ireland (or might ever be) was a hazy, boozy, nebulous Saturday / early Sunday that ended at this faker than fake Irish bar, inside the fake NY - Greenwich Village-esque part of NY-NY in Vegas. The night went as your average, nonsense Sodom and Gomorrah , we are all going to die in a fiery wrath of Godly fireball, Vegas night. We hopped around from the Hard Rock , over to the grotto at the Wynn. Finally, one of my friends says "hey, let's go over to New York , New York"....It's one of my least favorite casinos in Vegas because knowing New York fairly well, it just seems cheesy. So against my better wishes, this horde of liquored up stooges I call friends of mine make it to New York New York and try and go to "Bar at Times square". You know the one where you inevitably sing along to Wal-Mart renditions of Billy Joel and Elton John songs. That place was packed. We walk around the urea a bit and stumble into "Nine Fine Irishmen" Well jumping Jehoshaphat! The decor was a mix of Vegas excess mixed with every two bit pub, dive and European styled watering hole you've ever been in. It was packed, loud and cracking' There was a live band eponomously named "The McIntires" and as far as I could tell, they were in fact Irish. Besides them and maybe the Guinness on tap being served there, they were the only true Irish element inside the "pub". You know what, it didn't matter. They were playing rockous, Pogues inspired Irish Rock complete with Riverdancers. Chants of "when I say you, you yell Mc Intires!!" left my throat raw. We pounded about 3 pints of warm Guinness and for a minute, I actually believed I was in Lord of The Rings at the "Prancing Pony". The spell worked so well that I hardly noticed when about six or seven guys staged a faux Irish pub fight. How do I know it was fake and there to add to the realism of the joint? Well, they all of a sudden started "fighting" for no apparent reason to me (I was next to them) but not a single guy threw or landed a single punch. It looked like a standard playground fight when I was 5 years old. The night ended with all of us beginning to speak Gaelic sprinkled with gibberish. Though the bathrooms were clean nobody cried, I still could have sworn I was in Ireland. Be sure to catch the nightly staged midnight rabble. Slaunte!
5	First night in Vegas:After a very long flight, not really the flight but the delays in San Jose. I arrived in Las Vegas... about 90 minutes later than I had expected... I had already made reservations at Nine Fine Irishmen but I had to constantly push it back due to the delays... Finally got to the hotel and just threw my bags on the floor, didn't even change or wash up or anything, because I was absolutely famished!My girlfriend and I walked over to NY NY and were greeted by one of the hosts there and asked us if we wanted to sit downstairs or upstairs. I asked which is louder and he offered to take us in and we could have our pick which was great. We decided to sit up stairs overlooking the stage where a band was playing a lot of Irish fare.The decor and the audacity of the place is awesome. It's like Ireland threw up from across the pond and it all landed in this restaurant. I loved it from the minute we walked in.Now on to dinner...We started dinner off with the Drunken Onion Rings. Now I've had my fair share of onion rings in the past and I would have to say that these fat behemoths take the cake hands down. They were huge but they were cooked to perfection. The batter was amazing and the onions on the inside were cooked perfectly.Now onto the entrees for the evening, my girlfriend decided on the Pan Roasted Red Snapper which looked out of sight and I'm sure was very tasty since there wasn't any left for me to even try. haha. And I had the Pork Porterhouse, which when it came out I was actually in shock. It was HUGE! And it tasted incredible, especially with the apple and peach chutney.Side dishes, which I wish would have come with the meal instead of having to dish out another $5 each were great never the less. I ordered the colcannon mashed potatoes, which we both enjoyed immensely. And my girlfriend ordered the whipped sweet potatoes which were awesome too.All in all, I'd have to say that this restaurant will most definitely be visited again the next time we are in Vegas!
4	A major bonus for someone who loves a cool glass of cider: they have it here!!! Sure Vegas bars can provide you with all the highballs and sugary magaritas you can drink, but can they make your mouth pucker with apple deliciousness?? I think not. The crowd is always fun and the upstairs area provides some quieter corners from the band's lively sets. Cover charge gets a no thanks but it's worth it in the end.
4	I ate here my 2nd night in Vegas for work during CES. It was Tuesday January 5th, 2010 and my bf suggested we go here for dinner his first night flying into Vegas to be there with me during my long ass work week. I've actually never dined at any of the restaurants in New York New York Hotel but BOY am I glad we went here! We had the Drunken Onion Rings to start off with and they were by the far the biggest onion rings I've ever had in my life! For my dinner entree I had the pan roasted red snapper and my bf ordered the pork porterhouse with this amazing chutney! Damn his food was good...don't get me wrong, my dinner was delicious as well. :) I also grubbed off of his side dish of mashed potatoes more than my own side dish of whipped sweet potatoes...they were both pretty awesome. All in all, the food was to die for and the entertainment and atmosphere was off the hook too! I'm definitely coming back here sometime in the future.
4	I'm Irish. I have been to Ireland. What drew me in was how Irish it was! Of course, being in Las Vegas it was done on an exceptionally grand scale. But seriously, it was like somebody built a giant pub in Ireland and imported it to Nevada. Very Cool.My date and I had a very fun time sampling the different Irish Whiskey's which can be hard to find at your average restaurant not specializing in it. I also got him to try his first ever meat-pie. We split an order of the Rack of Lamb served with curry sauce and there was nothing left. This restaurant was very appropriately place in NYNY so it fits in with the NY Irish American connection... I'm still trying to figure out why the Carnegie Deli is at the Mirage, though. =)
3	You would think they would know how to pour a Guinness correctly . . . . after I got over this I enjoyed myself.
4	My second time here and my hubby and I love this place! We love the ambiance, the live Irish music, and the hospitality. This time we were seated on the second floor in a private room which was really unique. We came here on a Tuesday night after the Zumanity show in the NYNY, and it was still loud and rowdy! Waiting for a table didn't take long either which was nice because we were starving! The food came quick! We ordered the steamed clams for an appetizer, and shared the Seafood Chowder and the Fish & Chips for dinner and we left very full! The only negative was that they were out of Harps on tap that night, it totally disappointed the hubby, he was so looking forward to it!
4	This is a fun place.  I love coming here when I go to Vegas.  Back in the day they never had a cover charge, but these days its usually $5 to get in on the weekends.  They usually have a live band playing Irish music, which is really fun.  The crowd here is on the older side; many people are in their forties or older.  This is not a place for younger people to go to pick up on chicks or to find a guy to go home with (unless you are into older people).  I usually come here with my friends just to have a chill, low-key time.
4	Every time I go to Vegas I seem to end up in this establishment on the first evening. Everything you expect in a good Irish bar. Food is quite good too. Great live music last night too!
4	the drinks were good,the food was good. the dinners were enough to share. 2 couples we got 3 apps, and 2 entrees, 3 veggies and each had 2 drinks and our bill was $150-ish + tip. the food was good and the service was really good. cant remember the name of the wairtess (tall blond) she was great!! she gave us suggestions that were good!!
5	This place is fun.  The decor is authentic and amusing.  I tried their fried sausages appetizer and the Irish breakfast.  Everything tasted so good.  This place won't disappoint.I was sick when I ate at NFI so I was unable to drink but they have good HH pricing on Guiness.
3	Irish music is really not my cup of tea. I do not really get it. The band is good but I am biased because my brother is friends with the band. The drinks are expensive but expect that from a strip property. The food looks great from what I saw. The crowd is a bit old. There is always an Asian lady in there singing Irish songs and having a great time. I appreciate her enthusiasm but she craves for way too much attention.
5	Frank is the BOMB at the bar! This place is so KOOL!! We ordered the steak sandwich and it was so good. Frank kept the drinks conning and again the food was awesome. This place was built in Scotland and then torn down and boxed up. They rebuilt it here in Vegas and I think it's something everyone should try at least once.
4	Pretty cool restaurant...with a great menu. Sat outside on the patio with a great view of the strip and up close and personal view of the rollercoaster. Ordered the Corned beef sandwich and they are very generous with the meat! Always a plus in my book.
4	Came here again Memorial Day Weekend.  No cover.  I love this place!  The live music was really fun times, and the dancer was really entertaining.  Can't beat live entertainment and Guinness.  To top it off, we ran into a friend here, completely unplanned.  Turns out he always hits up Nine Fine whenever he's in Vegas too.  Understandably.  The crowd was slightly younger on this particular weekend.  Still probably not the best place to go scouring for a hookup though.
5	Nine Fine Irishmen was an amazing restaurant.  It combined a great atmosphere, delicious food and even an Irish band!  We had the cheese dip with a variety of bread and it was a great appetizer.  For our entree's, I had the Shepard's PIe and my date had the fish and chips.  At first I didn't think the Shepard's Pie would be filling enough.  However, after eating a third of it, I realized how hearty those meat and potatoes were and it was a perfect amount.  I highly recommend Nine Fine Irishmen if you're looking for a great Irish Pub and unique experience in Vegas.
5	So much fun.  Just added the Irish Bangers to my list of food I've tried.  Delicious.  Always start with the beer and cheese dip, too...it's great!  Try to get there close to 9 so you can enjoy the band and the clogger.  Wish I lived closer so I could enjoy it more often.
4	I was very happy to find that Magners was a part of the happy hour promotion and was only $5.50 for a pint. This is a much better deal than Blondies or some other happy hours. They also have live music which was actually very appropriate and enjoyable. I'm just psyched to find cider anywhere, especially at happy hour. And the bar staff was totally nice. And the clientele was chill. Had a garden salad that was totally fine and the older guy next to me loved his heavier looking food.
3	Jesus I should start calling this our 2 star Vegas review  but dammit there are so many things that appear to be "if they are drinking" they wont pay any notice but it's getting a three a very very weak 3. Drinks are not cheap here. $7.50 a pint for Magners but  given the rarity of a bar actually having some one becomes accustomed to it.  Cider = works :)  Food regrettably is inconsistent. The appetizers are big enough for two but both the potato chips and curry and the bread with melted cheese  are heavily biased in the favor of dipping items to sauce. In the potato wedge case you can barely fit the dam thing in the small, They were on the whole good enough. My main meal of bangers and mash with mushroom gravy was surprisingly good it's hard to mess that up. Sadly my wifes "brie-stuffed" chicken was a dry as hell cheese under the skin concoction that was really light on the featured ingredient. They are either losing it all in the cooking  or more realistically they are being miserable bastards with it.This dish accompanied by awful potatoes, additional charge, that were way runny .   You can tell a place that gives not a crap by the way they don't inquire about the fact that you are paying $20 for food that remains uneaten, surely that's about the biggest clue your customer could give you?On the whole  inconsistent quality with pricing that would suggest otherwise.
4	Placed inside New York New York Hotel and Casino (with a patio outside overlooking the strip), Nine Fine Irishmen is an upscale Irish pub.  The food is fairly standard pub food with better quality ingredients.  Unfortunately, Nine Fine Irishmen charges strip prices for pub food--which is a little high for standard pub fare.What makes Nine Fine Irishmen noteworthy is the layout of the two tiered space.  The restaurant is tightly laid out with tables close to one another.  From the second level, diners look down on the gorgeous bar and the busts of nine Irishmen--nine Irish revolutionaries from the 19th century.  The other thing that sets Nine Fine Irishmen apart is the fabulous selection of Irish whiskeys available behind the bar.  The early Irish referred to whiskey as "The Water Of Life".  Taste all the varieties at Nine Fine Irishmen and you might live forever.
5	I come here whenever in Vegas.  The Full Irish breakfast is killer here!!!  Some of the most homemade tasting black and white puddings.  Really spicy!! And of course, the best Guiness you'll find in the desert.  :). Go and enjoy a pint next time you're in Vegas!!!
3	I had been advised by several folks I needed to try the fare here.  And being I didn't feel like driving any more after having spent the day going in to Utah it seemed like a good opportunity.  I have seen the place quite often with a waiting line at dinner time but it was a slow night so I got right in.  Being it was only 90 and a light breeze blowing as sunset was approaching I asked if there was a spot on the patio.  Turned out the patio was almost vacant and the bonus was it was a smoking patio.  Normally I would face away from the sidewalk but I decided to spend the evening staring back at the folks checking out my dinner.  :-)I was torn between the chicken pot pie ($19.00) and the shepherd's pie and after being informed by the waiter I would be a better man than he if I could finish the chicken pot pie if I could finish it that is what I ordered.  I finished it but desert was out of the question as I waddled away.  I chose a pint of Harps to wash it down with.  The pie was good but different as I am not used to a tomato based gravy with chicken.The service was excellent and friendly.  I got a chance to chat a bit with the waiter as his section on the patio was almost empty that early in the evening.  Going through the restaurant it was more of a crowded noisy atmosphere and a live band was playing.This is one of those occasions I would prefer to add a 1/2 star.
1	This Bar was great if you're not ordering food or expecting a real Irish Pub.  The Chicken Pot Pie is made with Ala Vodka sauce.  They put pesto on the butter they serve with store bought Irish soda bread.  Fish and Chips are bland and served in a weird cone-thing. The Shepard's Pie is made "new American."  They focus more on presentation than flavors.  It is the least authentic Irish Pub I've ever been to.  But if you're looking for an over priced drink, 9 Fine might be the place for you.
5	Been to this bar about 10 times and every time I have had a great time. Just make sure there is a band playing and you are garaunteed to have a rip-roaring great time. Drinks are flowing and the Irish music is blaring. They even have an Irish dancer. The band even had a groupie, the last time we went. This is a real Irish Pub. I never ate here but I am sure the food is good. But if you are in the mood to have a great time and drink, this is definitely the place to be. Visit on a Friday or Saturday night and go early as the place is a wee bit small and it gets crowded. Park yourself next to the bar and start pounding the drinks. AWESOME!!!
4	good, made me feel like I was in Dublin.  Drunk now, will update soon. =D
5	delicious food!  cool setting!   fun!
4	Ah, yes, Nine Fine Irishmen... Every time I go to Vegas, this is always on the list of places to go.First off, the atmosphere is awesome. If you want a good pub-feel in your dining or drinking experience, this is the place.Secondly, the music is always great! I haven't been in here once where the music didn't tap my shoe. I suggest going on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday night when they have live music - it resonates through the entire building and provides a good ambiance to the evening.
4	2 free drinks came with my NYNY hotel suite. I was here 9/3/2010. Glad I choose this place to spend those drinks. The place was packed and a football match was going on the telly, everyone was watching.Decor is nice at this place went upstairs with my girlfriend to enjoy our drinks. Even though the match was on and the place was packed we were still able to enjoy our drinks upstairs in relative peace. Great pub. All pieces and parts direct from Ireland.
1	Terrible service. We went in around 2:00 PM on a Monday.   We sat and sat and sat at the bar and no one took our order so we left without ordering.
4	Irish potatoes!  Wow these were good homemade potato chips - some thin, some thick, and some more like potato wedges.  Two curries was a nice dipping experience, and the appetizer paired will with the beer offerings.  Not sure whether the Irish accents were authentic behind the bar but it was good enough.  Surprisingly this place has a decent happy hour with both appetizer specials and beer specials.
2	The service was slow and the food mediocre.  Our party of 5 hungry ladies were left to sit and wait at the Guinness tap table (which in and of itself was cool).  The cheese fondue was not too impressive.  Our order took quite a while to come out and they forgot one of my friend's side of fries.  The decor reminded us of the haunted mansion in Disneyland.  It served it's purpose of filling up some hungry bellies, but I would probably choose elsewhere next time.
1	We made a trip from the other end of the strip to go here, but guess what?  Sat and sat in the bar and couldn't get waited on!  We finally just left.  How many other customers and how much money are they losing because of poor service?
3	This was my second visit to Nine Fine Irishmen, and for some reason much less enjoyable than the first.  Maybe I needed a few drinks before dinner, but on this trip I found the wait staff less attentive and the food less satisfying than before.  The shepherd's pie was good, but no better than a handful of restaurants in OC with British pub-style fare.I'd probably recommend this for a good pint of Guinness, but perhaps not for a meal.  We had to wait 15 minues to be seated upstairs, which was mostly empty when they led us to the table.  It doesn't help that the New York New York casino is starting to feel past its prime.  There are many much better offerings available in Vegas, so I would not enthusiastically recommend this restaurant anymore.
4	We went here for my 30th birthday dinner this past Saturday.  I am SO glad I made reservations a couple of days ahead of time because the place was packed.  We were even running late and I called so they wouldn't give the table away, which they appreciated.  A couple of things happened that prevented me from giving it 5 stars.  First off the reason I booked this place was because of the live music on Saturday nights.  Well, we must have been there too early because they had the ball game on instead.  Second, we ordered 3 drinks from the bar.  My friend got his right away but my boyfriend and I didn't even get our Guinnesses until after we got our meal 20 minutes later and that was after we reminded our server that we still needed our drinks.   Anyways, I had the Shepards Pie and it was very very good!  The meat had a wonderful flavor.  We will definitlely be back!
5	One of my favorite places in Las Vegas!Great food, great music, great beer and a great crowd.I thoroughly enjoy this place.  I wish there was something similar in Los Angeles.The band was so good last time, I didn't wanna leave the place.  I went in for dinner and ended up staying until the band finished playing.
5	When my coworkers wanted to come here, I have to admit that I wasn't super excited.  SHAME ON ME!!  I didn't know what I was missing but now that I know how amazing this place is, I will never miss out again.  I tried several things last night because we all like to share and each thing was delicious.  I had the ribeye which was great with a side of cream corn that made me want to lick the bowl.  My boss had the fish and chips - I can never eat another fish and chips again because this one was mind blowing.  The fish was perfectly fried and fresh - and it was huge.  My coworker had the shepherd pie - I took a huge spoonful and then longing stared as he finished it.  It was so creamy and good - and it's not usually my thing.  My coworker ordered the baked brie - love the combo of the baked brie with the balsamic sauce - it gave it a little extra something.  I left there unbelievable stuffed but so happy that I had found a new little delicious heaven.
5	BEER!!!  BEER!!!!I love me beer, i love alcohol in general but love a nice cold beer straight from the KEG.  I don't like Corona (yes I know I am Mexican), Bud Light, Coors or Budweiser.  But give me a cold HARP, Guiness, or Stella any day of the week.  Nine Fine Irishmen has a great selection of beers and they serve it to you in their respective glasses.  They have live entertainment where they bring in Irish bands to play for you at night.,  So if you can come early since there is a cover charge late at night.  The decor makes you feel like you are in Ireland....granted never been to Ireland but I am sure that it looks something like Nine Fine Irishmen.  I am only going off what I have seen on TV also.  I agree with Scot E.  I wish there was something like this in Los Angeles, but until then I will keep coming back here as often as possible.
2	I have a feeling the family and I came here on an off night recently during our Vegas vacation. For me, the best part of dinner was my Black and Tan. For my wife, it was probably the Heirloom Tomato Salad. The rest of the meal was pretty forgettable. Here's what we ordered:Guinness braised beef and mushroom pies with tomato relish and chive dressing -- nothing I would order again...pretty bland...not what we were expecting.Heirloom tomatoes with goat, blue and farmhouse cheeses marinated in extra virgin olive oil and balsamic vinegar -- probably our favorite part of the night...nice tomatoes and cheeses...pretty yummy.Cashel Blue cheese crusted NY strip with au jus -- this was a disaster...ordered it medium rare, but it came out well done...sent it back and as I jokingly predicted to my wife that it would come back to rare because the cook would be too afraid to over cook it again...unfortunately, I was right...second steak came back black 'n blue...looked almost like a piece of seared ahi...but hell, it was better than an overcooked piece of meat, but much to rare for my taste...we ate a little bit of it and left the rest.This is a cool place and I'd definitely go back for drinks. For lunch or dinner...probably not again after this experience.
5	Went here for a group party and had some heavy appetizers and beer.  The selection of beers were good and the appetizers were well made but average.  Overall I was not impressed by the food or the beer (after all it is beer you can get at other places even if it is a good selection).BUT, the reason that this place gets 5 stars from me (not a common thing) was the band. Sin e Ri Ra was outstanding.  The music was amazing and the woman they have performing traditional irish step dancing while they play is great.The entertainment at this place was top notch.  I would have paid just to see them perform and they are the highlight of the bar and the only real reason I would return.
3	Traditional Irish pub with the great selection on tap and outside seating with view of the strip.
4	The hubby and I came here for an earlier than early bird dinner on a quite Wednesday night.  I feel like when all these reviews I missed a good portion of what this place really had to offer, still I had a great dinner.  Half the place looked closed down and the upstairs area was roped off.  The stage was closed down with a projected basketball game going on in the pub area.  We were seated towards the back in a little kitchy table that was one half love seat, one half dining table.  I loved all the stuff hanging from the walls.  While we were near the bar it seemed very cozy.  After a few late lunch crowd folks finished up we had the dining room to ourselves.  Hubby had the fish and chips and I ordered the Shepard's pie.  The server asked if I wanted the Irish cheese on top and even though I'm not a big cheese fan I said yes.  I'm so glad she asked because it was so good taking big fork fulls of the gooey cheese out of the little tin pot it comes in.  The serving itself was quite large and because it was so good I wish I could have finished it.  Even with the human vacuum cleaner with me, we still couldn't get to the bottom of it.  If you order appetizers, the Shepard's pie could be split and both people could be well fed.  I would definitely come back to this place just because of the pie.  Service was really great too.  It was about 60 bucks for the two of us, with tip and drinks without an appetizer.  Well worth the price.
1	Tourist Trap  and Worst Pub Ever! Place looks like a poor version of a pub set not a real venue and the service was horrible (had to hunt down on straw and napkins). Most of all it was far beyond overpriced. Case and point: watered down double shot of Bailey's was $20!!!Was excited but now disappointed that this place got our money!!
2	My three friends and I stopped in to grab an early dinner at 4:00pm before a Cirque show at 7:30pm. We were here for two hours. The hostess showed us to the table and said if we wanted to eat outside instead of inside we could choose a table. When we went outside we were ambushed by three waiters who were very pissed that we took it upon ourselves to change tables. Another waiter came up and thankfully diffused the situation. I wish he would have been our waiter as it was apparently it was our waiter's first day. He forgot to put our appetizer orders in and we ended up getting our entrees after 45 minutes. The food was lackluster. I've had better Shepherd's Pie at The Cheesecake Factory. Our waiter tried to make it up to us by saying dessert would be complimentary since he messed up with the appetizers. Well, he redeemed himself we all thought. We each were going to order a dessert since we each ordered an appetizer. When he came back to take our order he THEN clarified that ONE dessert would be comp'd. We only ended up ordering two to share between the four of us. When he brought the desserts out he explained that he still felt badly about the appetizer debacle and was going to comp both desserts. Well fine then. Whatever. He tried. Our dinner was over just after 6:00pm and we did not have a car and our hotel was at the other end of the strip. We hurried back to our hotel to change and then hurried (practically ran) back to NY NY to see the Cirque show. Somewhere in MGM the pads of my feet gave out and turned into two HUGE blisters. I was miserable the remainder of the weekend. (They still hurt mind you.) The next day I checked my bank account and realized I was charged twice. I called and spoke with the manager/chef who was SO nice and friendly. It was straightened out very quickly however I was out $120 while it was pending in my account the entire weekend. I don't think I would eat here again after the long dinner that literally ruined my vacation. I am very thankful that the manager/chef was able to straighten everything out.
4	The wife and I were staying at New York New York for the night, and wanted to try something new. Sure enough, Nine Fine Irishmen was definitely something new. The place itself is set up to be unique and stylish in its own kind of way. Its like a pub, with its own Irish twist to it. Even though it may have been a small place, the layout and scenery made the place interesting. I really like the uniqueness of the dining area and the service was good. Of course, going to a restaurant, where I have no clue what is on the menu. It sure does bring your curiosity level to new heights. But, I decided to have the Fish and Chips, which is probably the only thing I recognize on the menu. Also a great tasting Gaelic Punch, an alcoholic drink with Cruzan Banana Rum, Malibu, Midori, Raspicello, OJ, Pineapple, and splash of Sierra Mist, is a drink I would like to have again. The Fish and Chip was great, but when the wife shared her Shepard Pie, which was a big portion for her to finish. I just love the way it tasted.  I wish I was more curious to order a Shepard's Pie, then the Fish and Chip. If I could, I would of finish the Shepard Pie, but I after indulging my Fish and some chips, I was a bit full to finish that Shepard Pie. With the fact of us being full, we were unable to have dessert. But how things turned out to be, I'm sure dessert would of been "icing on the cake". This was a new experience for me, which I totally approve on going to, and seeing it for yourself. Sure enough, I do plan to revisit this place and order me my own Shepard Pie, Gaelic Punch and next time around, I'll even order a dessert regardless how full I am.
2	My chicken pot pie not very good at all. the crust was soft and soggy and the pie was more like a soup. the flavor was terribleThe Shepherds pie was better.The place is a nice and has a nice outdoor patio
3	This place reminded me the scene from "PS-I love You" when their at a bar in Dublin. It was so cute! I had soup, which was great, and filled me up to the point where I couldn't even finish my meal, which was mac & cheese, and was not to shabby! They had a live irish band at around 6:30pm, but unfortunately I couldn't stay for that. But, I'd recommend grabbing a beer and meal while listening to a live irish band!
4	Under the spell of folkloric herbs, and surrounded by a cohort that gets just as munchy as me, and add to that my Irish-o'-philia, I was pretty set here.Live Irish music coming from downstairs. A very bubbley, good-mood waitress (wish she had an Irish accent, if I'm honest), killer onion mashed potatoes and macaroni sides, I am having massive trouble remembering what my main dish was. If I remember it, I'll put it in.4.5 stars really, because I found the food way too expensive for what it was. $91 for two people, even for Vegas, was much.I'm kind of siding with the rest of my menagerie that was not as messed up: they all moaned and groaned in delight, and that affected, positively, my opinion of the place.New York New York is not exactly my favorite Casino, or anything, but I am really glad I went here. I was fed well, albeit for a little too much money. Go with friends and try everything, you will be astonished by how comforting this food is.
3	Good for a Guinness and a couple of apps. We were there for Happy Hour, and the price was right for a break from the New York New York gaming floor.  We didn't get further than the bar area, so this review has nothing to do with the rest of the restaurant. The potatoes with 2 curry dipping sauces were delicious!
5	Great environment, draft and bartenders
4	I always saw this place but never bothered to try it out until my last Vegas adventure.  Ended up eating here twice during my stay and was NOT disappointed.  First night was during a Live Irish band and it was fun watching these two guys dance battling on the floor! My spice grilled pork porterhouse with apple and peach chutney was well worth the wait (as the waitress had advised)! The King cut bone-in ribeye with roasted shallots and baby tomatoes was also mouth watering! Sides are so yummy and great to share so get two of them! Then for the following lunch went with seafood chowder and irish beer and cheese dip with an assortment of bread.  Seafood chowder tasted creamy and the clams, mussles and fish were soaked in the creamy white wine broth.  And is it just me or does beer just taste so much better on tap?
5	Very quick seating and service with a reservation called from out of town the week before, otherwise would have been busy.  Was feeling a little queasy from NYE so this really hit the spot and cured what ailed me: basic but upgraded standards, with a salad, Shepard's Pie (potatos very moist and rich, unlike the standard dry overcooked variety), rich enough that we didn't need desert.  Companion got a great halibut with rich sauce and a crusty covering.  Just right, moderately priced.  Felt like a separate little island of an Irish pub away from the blaring casinos and bouncing boobs right outside, close enough to Zumanity to run there right after!
4	I can't seem to go to Las Vegas and not stop in this place. It has never failed for a good time when I want a drink and a good time without getting on the fancy shirt. Like most places I am a fan of, there is live music which is pretty good and a casual atmosphere. The music is mostly Irish folk songs and easily blended recent covers with a lovely young woman dancing traditional Irish dance on stage (her feet are dizzying fast.) As many other Irish pubs there is wood decor, Guinness on tap, and a sprinkle of the nightly drunken fistfight. I think they serve food too, although i have never been there to eat.I will see you again my Nine friends.
5	This place is really as good as it can get in Vegas.  The service was quick, the decor as nice as an Irish pub can be and the food was delicious.  My yummy Shepherd's Pie came in a bucket and my friend said his red snapper was just like the one we had in Belize, Quite a compliment from a guy who caught the red snapper himself  in the morning and had it served in a restaurant that evening. Drinks were strong and music great. I'll be back!
4	One of our favorite places to visit when we head to Las Vegas. The food is quite good. I had the fish and chips and also tried someone elses macaroni and cheese. The fish had a nice batter and was great in the tartar sauce.  Although they only give you one small dipping portion, so another needed to be requested. The band that plays nights on weekends is fantastic !!!
2	Nice Irish bar but crazy expensive. Worth a visit for a beer and then punch out. They usually have decent live music.
1	Hostess sent us upstairs since we wanted appetizers and drinks.  We headed up and were met by a very rude bartender upstairs.  He was not interested in finding us a place to seat. We asked about a table near the bar and were told to go downstairs and ask the hostress. Downstairs, we were told it was for dinner and if we were only eating appetizers we couldn't sit there.
4	another must stop Irish bar in LV...hard to get into on St. Patricks Day so go early and stay late.
5	WOW!!  This place was amazing.  Sausage appetizer was the best, my wife and I were full after that, THEN came out an amazing meal.  She had traditional fish & chips, nothing fancy.  I had the open face steak sandwich.  Best meal we had in Las Vegas!  Wanted to come back at night but didn't make it.  Must do this for lunch at least.
3	So my boyfriend and I went here on a Friday night for dinner around 730.. The place wasn't too crowded and we were seated immediately. I really liked the atmosphere and overall decor and feeling of this place... And my boyfriend loved this place!The only reason i'm giving it 3 stars is because of the food.. IT GOT ME SICK! Drinks and everything else are great!We ordered the Fish and Chips (typical white fish and good tartar sauce) and Steamed clams (in a tomato garlic sauce)... Both were good initially but moments after we had finished eating i felt sick to my stomach.It's weird because we both shared food, but maybe one of my clams was bad? not sure. Regardless, The place is cool but not sure if i would come back here and have dinner..
3	The decor was original and spectacular. We enjoyed a very nice love seat setting around from the main entertainment. I enjoyed the Sheppard's pie and Guinness. The live musical entertainment was very authentic. Overall a nice dinning experience.
4	I try to visit this pub on every Vegas trip, and it never disappoints! Fun, laid back place to hang out. The bartenders are pretty cool and the drinks are great (try the Michael Collins martini - YUM)!  Firefighters love the place, evidenced by all the patches and other decor they've brought in over the years. The house Irish band Sin E Ri-Ra is fantastic and really know how to get the energy and camaraderie going! It's a refreshing place to visit while in the land of cocaine and hookers, and one of the those fun places where you'll have made a dozen new friends by the time you stagger out the door. Definitely check it out, it's mighty craik!
2	They have a nice patio to dine, drink and watch the strip. So when they told me it would be 10 minutes til we could be seated for dinner it was strange that the beeper would not work on the patio. When I asked if they could come and get me on the patio, about 76 feet from them I was told it was to busy. O.K.The food was not bad but pricey, as is typical of food on the strip. It was well prepared. The service was sad. We had a party of 7 so were required to pay a mandatory gratuity, so our waitress figured she was going to get her tip regardless so she spent her time somewhere else. We saw her once when we ordered, then again 45 minutes later when out meal arrived. Good pub grub with a gamble on the service.
5	Nine Fine Irishmen is one of my favorite restaurants/pubs in Las Vegas! If there is somewhere I could go everyday of my life, it would be this pub. I cannot say enough incredible things about this restaurant to do it justice.My boyfriend and I have been here several times, the first time being one year before we moved to Vegas from Chicago. Coming from a city filled to the brim with Irish Pubs (our favorite is Celtic Crossing downtown), we searched high and low for a great pub to relax and have some Guinness. Nine Fine Irishmen was perfect on many different levels. 1. They have a gluten-free menu. I'm not talking about a junk gluten-free menu that has you substitute or remove certain parts of a dish and are flavorless yet expensive. This gluten-free menu IS THE BEST! Sheperd's Pie? Gluten-free. Seafood Chowder (another soup that finds its way into my food dreams at night)? Gluten-free. AMAZING SALMON SALAD - GLUTEN-FREE! The brie-stuffed chicken? Gluten-Free! JOY!2. Live Irish Music. Need I say anything more? Good quality, authentic, Irish music including dancers and sometimes bagpipes. You can NEVER complain about this music, and it provides a nice background while sitting out on the patio watching the crowds go by.3. Whiskey and Beer. Guinness on-tap AT THE TABLE. No further description necessary.4. Service: Fantastic. Every single time. Friendly, informative and always attentive, even when they're busy at night. I've never had anything less than great service at NFI.5. The BEST Jameson Martini I have ever had in my life. My boyfriend's family is Scottish (amongst other things), so the man loves his whiskey. When you take Jameson (one of my favorites), add some apple juice, a little pucker and one other ingredient, you get the ultimate mantini in martini form! You can be the most masculine man and still enjoy this FANTASTIC concotion without feeling even a bit feminine. Bottom line? Go there. Now. Immediately. Do not pass go, just get a martini, sit on the patio listening to the live music and get fat and happy.
4	We had a big group, about 15. The service was excellent, quick and very nice! The food was very tasty and the live music was a great treat! A good choice for a group on the strip!
4	I am a huge fan of Pubs especially when the bartender's response when you order a Snakebite is "With Guinness or Harp?" That is my kind of pub! Some friends and I went on a week night and were surprised how packed it was for such an early hour. We waited a while for a table and we were actually leaving right as the live music started.Food portions are huge and absolutely delicious! Our original intent was to go to a club later in the evening but we were far too full from all the yummy food we devoured at Nine Fine Irishmen. I can't wait to return on my next trip to Vegas!
5	This is so far my favorite Irish restaurant/pub in Vegas.  It's on the Strip, so they're always busy and the food is a little overpriced, but it's well-worth going.Food:The portions are big, so wear your loose pants!  Their beer battered onion rings are the BEST onion rings I've ever had - I go here just to have them.  The horseradish crusted halibut is also a must try - not too fishy and so much flavor!  Get the goat cheese mashed potatoes while you're at it....cheesy goodness!  The shepherd's pie is really good, but not the best I've ever had.Atmosphere:They've got live Irish music, which makes for a fun & noisy atmosphere - don't go here for a quiet, romantic dinner :)  I prefer to sit upstairs because it's somewhat quieter and darker up there.
4	Nine Fine Irishmen is a hopping bar right off of the main gambling hall at the New York New York Casino.  Although there are not a ton of real "authentic" places in Las Vegas, this place actually does a pretty good job of giving you the Irish Pub experience.  Dark wood finishes, high-top tables, and live Irish music definitely all contribute to a pretty good ambiance and a great place to get a beer.On my brother's bachelor party weekend, we started the festivities off here with a low key bucket of Buds (I know, not very Irish, but you gotta start somewhere).  $25 for 5 beers wasn't too over-priced, plus they had a menu of bar food available.  We tried one of the sampler plates, which was delicious but was disappointingly served to us in a plastic take-out container with no plates and limited silverware.  I don't know if we were closing the kitchen out or something, but I figured they could have done a little better than that.At the end of the day, we were neither hungry nor thirsty when we left, so I think Nine Fine Irishmen was worth it.
4	If I were a judge on Iron Chef, I would be giving this place some major points for presentation!  My boyfriend's shepherd's pie came in a hot metal bucket, and my fish and chips came in a very large cone stand.  And it was all delicious too!We came here for lunch, and decided the food was a bit too heavy and expensive for lunch... but we left here so full that we didn't want dinner later, so I guess we got enough bang for our buck!The food was good, they had all of the draught selections you would expect from an Irish pub, our waitress was friendly and quick, and our meal was delicious.  A bit pricier than it would be to order the same meal back home, but hey... that's Vegas!
4	Did not get to stay long.  Popped in for a quick drink before our Vegas wedding renewal and took about 10 minutes for someone to get our order.  Immediately after the drinks came they sent out a bottle of champagne!  How nice!  I wish we could have stuck around to enjoy it, but the limo showed up and off we went.  Looked like a lot of fun.
3	The food was pretty good, but for the price ; the portions could be bigger. Environment is nice and fancy.  Service is great.  I got the corn beef sandwich. It's good, don't forget to add the mustard, vinegar, and BBQ sauce( gotta ask them for it).  My friend ordered the goat cheese salad. The portion was small; but the salad was good.
5	Visited here on Superbowl weekend, I'd heard great things about this place and it certainly lived up to my high expectations.A  fantastic pint of Guinness, lovely food and a really nice atmosphere, the staff were really friendly, put this place on your Vegas to do list.
5	Just came here for happy hour and ordered 2 items + beer:-Ale battered and spicy sausages with sides of Guinness and honey mustard dipping sauces , and -Guinness braised beef and mushroom pies with tomato relish and chive dressing DELICIOUS. SO GOOD. I LEFT SO FULL. We didn't even eat all of it. If you've been reading my reviews, you can come to the conclusion that my stomach is very small haha. I wish I could have tried more things, but I didn't want to burst! There's always next time when I come to Vegas...:)
5	What a great place! I've been to Nine Fine Irishmen on previous Vegas trips and decided to have my birthday dinner there. I'd made reservations for our party for the outside area and when the temperature dropped and surprised everyone, they called me to ask if I wanted to be inside. Great! We all fought over the appetizers of the beer and cheese dip and the battered and spicy sausages. Everyone loved what they ordered for dinner. I had the cider braised salmon (and I don't really like fish) and it was fantastic! I didn't hear any complaints around the table at all. They even surprised me with a bread pudding that looked marvelous - but nobody wanted any after their dinner. We were upstairs overlooking the band floor so we got to enjoy a bit of that too. I wish I could have stayed longer.
2	With reviews like this I was expecting to never want to leave this place.  We went for breakfast and I won't go making this a destination for early morning fare ever again.  I'm not docking stars for limited B, just reviewing based on what we ate which was BREAKFAST BEYOND BLAND.Decor is delightful and they do have outdoor strip seating, but you're better off sticking to the liquid and saving up for a buffet.  Ham/egg/cheese on ciabatta was $13  Irish breakfast (size and quality of Dennys) will run you $16
5	I always try my hardest to come here while I'm in Vegas. I have a soft spot for Irish bars to begin with but I really appreciate NFI; its nice to get away from all the glitz and glamor of this city that begins to suffocate you after a while. I'm not Irish nor have I been to Ireland so i can't comment on the authenticity of this place; however, I can tell you that the decor and staff attire looks Irish, the atmosphere is friendly, entertaining, the food is outstanding (order the pork porterhouse--trust me) and they pour a proper guinness with a  foam clover. That being said, I'm pretty sure that Ireland would have no problem claiming this place. The prices are predictably high but consistent with Vegas strip prices. Come during happy hour if you're here on a budget--NFI does have good HR deals. Bottom line, come hungry, come thirsty, come here anxious to have fun--I guarantee a good time. Cheers and enjoy!
3	I've been here a ton of times and enjoyed Nine Fine Irishmen, but my last visit wasn't the best. We were coming back in the late evening (9-ish) from a show and wanted to eat. They sat us in no man's land where apparently not only were there no other diners, there were also no servers. Yikes!We waited for a long time before finally flagging someone down. We shared the sausage appetizers. Good for the first few bites but damn, that's a lot of sausage! I know, I know... that's what she said.Anyway, the sausage became pretty one note and we ended up not finishing it or ordering anything else. Our server disappeared again, pretty much never to be seen or heard from again.I will say though that I've had some pretty rockin' food here in the past. Their sandwiches are good, especially the curried chicken. Would I hit up Nine Fine again? Probably, but during daylight hours and I'd insist on having an actual server.
1	I came here on a recommendation that the fish and chips were better than another place that I love.  So I was expecting to be blown away, I was greatly disappointed.  Not only were the fish and chips not better than the other place I love it they just weren't that good.The fish was really bland almost as if the batter was just flour and beer, it was just flavorless.  Of the multiple orders of fish and chips we ordered several pieces had that layer of skin that would be left if you pretty much only removed the scales.  It's ok to eat, but it was kind of like eating a sheet of something brittle between the fish meat and the batter.  Another piece was soggy and when picking it up the skin just tore away chunks of fish fell off.We were all disappointed in the fish and chips.  If they tasted better, they would have been a great deal, three large pieces of fish for about $16 bucks.  If you are looking for fish and chips look else where, the other food might be better, but I won't be coming back to find out.
5	5 stars, because this is the place where my husband and I had our first date, back in 2005. So, how could it NOT get 5 stars! Every time we're in Vegas, we always make sure to stop by Nine Fine Irishmen at least once, for old time's sake. And it's always consistently good. In fact, it's always just the same as we've left it - same house band, same menu, same drink prices. And to be honest, that's not a bad thing. We always know that we're going to enjoy ourselves, and relive fun moments from our past. Drinks are somewhat pricey; it's Vegas. They do often measure their pours, though, which is annoying. The food is alright, but we don't come here to eat - we come to drink, soak up the atmosphere, and listen to the band. Since the band takes requests, one of our favorite activities is to play "stump the band" and request all of the obscure Irish songs we can think of. It's fun, though, when they actually know one! The bartenders aren't really outgoing, but they do keep everyone well hydrated. The atmosphere isn't really like what you'd find in a pub IN Ireland (it's a little too upscale for that), but Nine Fine Irishmen still does a good job of creating a fun, pub atmosphere, and is a good change from the standard Vegas craziness. You definitely don't feel like you're in Las Vegas...until you step out the door! I prefer to sit at the bar downstairs, but the upstairs area is nice as well, especially if you're having a meal. Downstairs can get a bit rowdy and loud as the evening goes on. I do have to admit that there's another pub in Vegas that has recently stolen my heart, but Nine Fine Irishmen will always be special to me, and I know each time we visit will be as good as the last. I'm already looking forward to the next time we stop in.
4	Came here twice during our Memorial Day weekend in Vegas.  Our friends stayed at the New York New York and recommended this place for some drinks and Irish fare.  As far as the Irish feel this place definitely came through.  Dining inside we actually forgot we were in Vegas for a second and were in a old school pub in Ireland instead. The Guinness beer on tap  is a winner.  Having a couple of pints, I also ordered ale battered and spicy sausages.  What's better than fried sausages?  Heart attack paradise anyone?  Kidding a side.  They were awesome.Second time we dined here.  I pretty much had the same thing.  I did have a different variation of Guinness though.  This time I had Guinness with a blond ale.  It was called a Yellow Jacket.  So good, I had another.  Besides a different variation of my drink choice.  We sat outside on the patio facing the main strip.  Not so much the Irish feel but still a good time onlooking Las Vegas Boulevard, the bright lights and people partying.  They also had a live band playing Irish folk music that night.  You could hear the music out on the street.  Something about Irish music that puts you in the mood to drink Guinness and get rowdy.  Definitely the next time we are in Vegas.  We are coming to the Nine Fine Irishmen again.  This place is a real Irish pub in the middle of the Vegas strip.
1	I remember a few years back I really wanted to come to Nine Fine Irishmen....Some fascination with an Irish pub because my then boyfriend was Irish. HMMM.....just like that relationship, Nine Fine Irishmen left me...totally dissatisfied. The idea is right but just poorly executed. We ordered the Curry Chicken Salad Sandwich and the Fish and chips...The Curry Chicken was in one word: weird. Texturally, like eating paper mache with chunks of raisins in it. PUKE. My fish and chips were soggy and miserable. UGGGG. Susan and I ended up pushing our plates away. The only dish that kept us from walking out was the Beer Cheese Dip that we ordered. It was cheesy and tasty and had bread, crackers and breadsticks to dip. All in all-we spent $75 for cheese dip. Ridiculously a waste of money and time. A pretty cool looking pub to take some snaps but I would never suggest eating here.
3	A nice New York-style Irish Pub.  It has all the authenticity of your typical American Irish Pub, so little nooks to sit in, decent selection of beer, and "Irish" music.We had lunch here, the food was ok to good but the service was mixed.  Our group ordered a variety of dishes and no one complained but no one raved either.  Our waitress managed to mix up drink orders, our bill and confuse a dessert with a pint of Guinness; and seemed to disappear after we asked for the bill.  But we were seated right quick and she would appear to refill drinks and check on us at good intervals.If you want a place to sit down and eat, and not feel rushed to get back on the gaming floor, this'll do.
5	We had an amazing dining experience at nine fine irishmen.  The atmosphere was wonderful, the music was perfect (just wish there were fewer breaks between songs!), the food was delicious, presentation was exquisite... and to top it off- our waiter was irish with an irish accent!  It just put the experience over the top for us. NFI will definitely be a tradition every time we head out to vegas.  It was the highlight of my trip.ASK FOR CORY AS YOUR SERVER!Portions are huge!Suggestions on the menu:Mac and cheese as a side was good if you like cheesyShepard's pie was excellentChicken pot pie was very creamyPork porterhouse was sweat and very flavorfulFish and chips were excellentFried sausages were very good
1	Well,Ambiance was great, service terrible, entrees terrible.The server never brought our appetizer. We had to ask another server to get drinks. We order a shepherds pie and a chicken pot pie. The shepherds was at least edible. The chicken pot pie was not.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I am not one of those girls that gets all dolled up to go out to the clubs kinda things, but I do like to drink and mingle and enjoy some good music and NINE FINE IRISHMEN is the place to do that. I went here on a Monday night when they had an Irish band playing who was really good. The took request and played the ones that they knew, which was a lot I was pleasantly surprised. We drank a many Guinness and danced to the Irish music. The entire group I was with had a good time. Now I did not eat any food here, as I was on a liquid diet here so I can not review on that. I was here for the drinking and the music which both were beyond awesome. Other great things about this place is that there were plenty of table to sit down at and talk while the band played. Also while the music is playing there is a girl who comes up and does some professional Irish dancing on a stage which was impressive. Made me wish I could Irish jig just like her. So if you like music and livations but don't want to get all super dressed up and go out to the meat markets then definitely try this place. I will be when I go back.
4	Very cool Irish pub in New York New York!  Great beer selection, great atmosphere and nice servers.
3	Their patio had a great view of the strip, and the live band and dancer was pretty cool. My husband and I were not very impressed with the food though. It seems like a great place to go for a drink, but maybe skip dinner here.
4	Too bad I didn't get to enjoy the 9 for some evening of Irish music and fun.... =(  I did get to eat here for lunch and really like their Irish Banger Dish... bomb sausage and mashed potatoes with goat cheese! Then order a pint of Black Velvet to go along with all that food!  It's also cheaper than Wolfgang at the MGM.
5	Given our restaurant experience in Vegas is fairly limited compared to the opportunities available, this is our favorite restaurant and we always make a point to visit when we're in town. Our first trip was phenomenal: We sat in a secluded section of the restaurant that houses a couple booths and were lucky to have the area to ourselves for most of our meal. The beer cheese appetizer was delicious, ESPECIALLY the pretzel bread. Sadly, they've since discontinued offering the pretzel bread in the basket. In fact, we always have dip left over, never enough bread to finish it. I've stuck with the salmon (topped with smoked salmon) entree every time. I love it THAT much! Much of the food is pretty heavy, but the salmon is yummy and never fails to satisfy. My husband and friends have sampled various menu items and we've never been disappointed with a meal. The last three times we visited we were sat downstairs by the stage (and, unfortunately, the bathrooms.) Love when the live band and dancers are performing, although be prepared to experience some noise in that area of the bar. I think that next month we'll request a seat upstairs, as I get kind of tired of sitting by the bathrooms. Still, we will return again and again!!
4	What a fine place this is, Great eats, beers to choose from, this place really comes alive on the weekends with a live band and upbeat songs to dance to. This Is a nice little spot to come to before the night climaxes.
4	I'm really glad my girlfriend knew of this place and we had time to eat here. Vegas has so many great places to eat and this one is one of them. The pot pies are delicious. The restaurant is in the New York New York hotel right on Las Vegas Blvd. They have outdoor dining that is shaded in the evening. Service was good and the food was great. We had the mixed green salad which was very good. The chicken pot pie (which they can make vegetarian if you ask), mac n cheese, and goat cheese mashed potatoes. All of it very good. We will probably go here at least once on our future trips. Also saw on the way out, some tables have a beer tap at the table so you can fill up you glasses yourself. A meter keeps track of how much you serve yourselves. If you are driving there you can use the same self parking for the casino. Valet parking is available also. If you are staying near Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. walking would be best in most situations.
4	I love Irish food and the Americanized versions of it. Just about everywhere I travel, if I see an Irish Pub, I try to stop in at least for one dish to see how they stack up. Nine Fine Irishmen did not disappoint. My wife and I went were before seeing Zumanity. It was in the same Casino so it worked out for us. We walked in with out a reservation. They seated us promptly on the second floor of the restaurant. The atmosphere was really nice. Not the best for Irish Pubs I've been in, but it did give you a nice laid back impression. It was busy enough to keep your attention, but not so busy as to distract you. I love Bangers and Mash, so that's what I ordered and I was not disappointed. Two thick Irish sausages over mustard mashed potatoes and a mushroom gravy on top. DELICIOUS! These were some of the best ones I've ever had. Even upon returning home to my local pub, I had to break the news that the Bangers and Mash and Nine Fine Irishmen were better. Loved it!My wife ordered the pan roasted red snapper with heirloom tomato and caper butter. She loves red snapper and she really liked it here. She let me try some and it was so flavorful. The fish and the sauce combined. She let me try some, but I'm not a big red snapper fan. I liked it, but I think my bangers and mash was much better. The service was okay. There were a couple of times our server seemed to disappear and we couldn't find her. She was also a little slow to bring the check at the end.  I also didn't like the fact that there wasn't a bathroom in the restaurant. You had to leave and go back into the casino to find one. I asked if there was one closer and they told me no. Overall the atmosphere was great, the food was good, the service was ok and the bathrooms... non-existent.
4	An intimate-feeling pub in the middle of the strip?  Whooda thunk!?  After a couple drinks, I didn't feel like I was in Vegas anymore.Came here to meet a buddy for the first time in person.  Our bartender was remarkably the nicest and most accommodating one I've ever encountered out here.Had me a Black & Tan and asked the bartender to pour a shot of his choice to seal the meeting.  He poured something a little on the girl side, but it did the job overall.I ordered this fried sausage appetizer that came with honey mustard dressing.  They were sooooo good.We sat at the bar but there's a full restaurant and a stage for a band.If the stumbling could take me here, I would appoint this place a central go-to meeting place for somewhere to start and then go big. Will definitely come back here for a meal.  Hell, I didn't even touch the whiskey!
4	Nine Fine Irishman is a great Irish Bar!The food is fantastic (mashed potatoes 7 different ways) and the beer selection is pretty good.  The upstairs bar is often quiet so it is a great place to go if you are looking to get away from the noise and craziness of Vegas.
1	Wont go back.  Very little seating in bar area.
4	Irish Bar...wow, what a find.  My 4 friends and I spent our first night in Vegas catching up and enjoying happy hour at Nine Fine Irishmen.  There's a bar on the top floor so we took seats there ordered a few beers (Guinness of course) and some bomb appetizers: everything from meat pies to onion rings to cheese and beer dip.  It was all delicious!!!  We had a jolly good time with our bartender who was so nice to take pictures for us, keep our glasses full, and provide some good conversation.  I would come back just for the food, but the intimate ambiance and good company kicked off this trip in the right way. I'll see you there next time!
4	After a few years away, I returned to Nine Fine Irishmen in 2011.  The place is still great.I cool Irish pub in the middle of New York New York, with good Irish brews.  Good food, and a great pub atmosphere complete with Irish pub songs (including Dirty Old Town & Seven Drunken Nights!)  It's my favorite place to get away from the endless ringing of the slot machines that haunts my ears in Vegas.  Nothing like a Guinness or Smithwicks, & some good pub songs to erase that clatter!If I had to make one complaint, the food can get a little pricey, but everything in Vegas is pricey, and at least the food at Nine Fine is worth the price! I hung out for dinner and a few beers, and forgot how much I missed it in my time away.Oh Nine Fine, rest assured that I'll return again when I'm back in Las Vegas.  You have been christened my home away from home.  :-)
4	I LIKE Nine Fine Irishmen! I discovered it a few years back and always make it a point to visit whenever I'm in Vegas. It has a classic, Irish pub atmosphere which I absolutely love. (I'm a pub girl). The food is good and of course, they have Guinness!!! (And very cool pint glasses)
3	First spot/bar that I saw to have a beer at the hotel we stayed in.  They did have on bar table with a beer tap actually on it, have to try that out next time.
4	Ambiance: 4 stars - Eat on the patio outside under the misters to cut back on the noise. Entertainment: 4 stars - When we were there, a group who played Celtic music, but also took requests and were funny and laid back were playing. Enjoyed them very much. Food: 4 stars - We went with the Restaurant Week prixe fixe meal. Our starters were a mixed green salad with a fabulous dressing and drunken onion rings which were delicious, not greasy, and were accompanied by a delicious mustard based dipping sauce. For the main course, we had the fish and chips and Irish bangers. The bangers with cabbage over mashed potatoes were not only thoroughly Irish (or at least British), but were also very tasty and fit solidly in the category of comfort food. The fish and chips were horribly plated (fries on top of the fish in a cone shaped vertical stand which forced you to dig through the fries to get the to the fish and resulted in the fish getting a bit too much steam/moisture), but the batter did not feel greasy, the tarter sauce had great flavors, and the half lemon wrapped in a sort of fine cheesecloth to avoid seeds and pulp popping into your food was a nice touch. For dessert, we both had the butter and caramel bread pudding and it was 5 stars - all the way. Absolutely buttery, melty, semi-sweet heaven on a plate with excellent presentation. Service: 4 stars - Our waitress was attentive and my glass never got empty. She could have been a bit more friendly, but still, she did a great job. Price: Quite reasonable. The three course prix fixe meal was $30. Definitely great quality food for the price.
1	Okay I do quite a bit a of traveling and love Guinness and Smithwicks.  My wife and I make it a point to find and Irish pub in every city or country we visit.  This was the worst Irish bar I have ever been in.  We sat down at a table and waited for a server.....and waited...and waited.  So I go up to the bar and order some drinks. I asked the bartender if we could have a server take our dinner order and he said one will be there soon.  We waited...and waited...finished our drinks and still no server????  So I walked over to the doorman to see if we could get a server.  He goes in the back and a server comes out who looks like like she wanted nothing do do with taking our order???  We order some appetizers because the prices were ridiculous.....I know it's Vegas but come on $21 for fish and chips ??? what do they use swordfish ???  Not just the food but $7 dollars for a shot of Irish Mist  ??? and he hardly filled the glass.  Listen I have never spent the time to write a review good or bad on any place but this place really got to me.  Next day we went to Ri Ra Irish pub at Mandalay Bay it it was awesome...get service...great prices and great atmosphere.
4	Continuing our quest to try some new places during Restaurant Week, my wife, Diane, and I went to Nine Fine Irishmen strictly for the food. We wanted to check out their Fish and Chips at lunch during Restaurant Week. The $20.11 per person tariff for a three-course meal was the greatest deal we encountered during Restaurant Week, since the Fish and Chips alone cost $16 on the regular menu. And, they were great! Ambiance was authentic Irish pub plus a large flat-screen TV on the first floor displaying a college football game live. Audio of the game was even broadcast in the restrooms on the first floor, so no sports fan has to miss any of the action on the field. On the second floor, where we were seated at a fairly plain wood table in all-wood chairs, the game was not audible, which is good for those who are just interested in food or drink. Slices of thick Irish Soda Bread tasted good and wholesome with basil-tinged butter spread over them. A bowl of creamy Colcannon Soup with pureed potatoes, cabbage, leeks, and several pieces of crispy Irish Bacon was a nice and filling, more jazzed up variant of Cream of Potato Soup. But a Mixed Green Salad composed of complex greens and a few reddish leaves, along with cherry tomatoes cut in half, red onion slices, and cubed cucumbers, that included a pretty ordinary Vinaigrette Dressing, was very bland. It tasted much better after small amounts of both salt and pepper were added. Irish Chips were actually steak fries that were a little crisp on the outside and a little soft on the inside. They tasted good with or without added tomato ketchup. But the star of the lunch was the fish: hot filets of cod that had been gently beer battered and then deep-fried to a light tan hue. Served with the Chips in paper wrapped inside a cone-like metal basket, the fish filets were tender enough to break apart when yanked out of the densely packed cone. But they flaked more in the mouth than in the hand. The quality of the fish reminded me of the same quality experienced at a London pub and at a stand on Haight Street in San Francisco many years ago during my law school years. The fish was delicious whether it was eaten after drops of lemon juice and malt vinegar had been spilled on it, or after being dunked in the excellent house tartar sauce provided, or just consumed as it arrived at the table. As Chips were removed, more filets appeared, until three large ones and one tiny one were ultimately exposed to view. Especially after soup or salad, and with dessert still to come, two of the tender fish filets were easily enough to quell an appetite. The rest were boxed up for home. Bread and Butter Pudding consisting of buttery baked brioche punctuated by golden raisins and served with a smooth Whiskey Cream Sauce and a sweet Caramel Sauce was warm and mouth wateringly good. The two sauces were tasty by themselves, but also harmonized well when used in combination. Irish Coffee Cake turned out to be Tiramisu made with Bailey's Irish Cream. It was extremely rich, and a really strong whiskey flavor permeated this dish. Brown and white in appearance, and served in a sherbet glass, it was decadent but difficult to finish. Half of it was left behind. Service was very good. A few needed utensils like a soup spoon arrived slightly late, but the friendly servers realized and corrected their errors by themselves seconds after they were even noticed. The mood of the whole place was quite genial, convivial, and upbeat--probably because virtually everyone present--a mix of tourists and locals--was enjoying the excellent food (and drinks) being served. Besides finding my go-to place in Las Vegas from now on for Fish and Chips, I saw other diners happily tearing into a Cheeseburger, a Sliced Corned Beef Sandwich on Rye, and Irish Bangers resting on Mustard Mashed Potatoes. Only a fairly ordinary salad kept my meal from being a five-star dining  experience. I will definitely be back!
3	We went here during restaurant week 2011 & liked everything we had but it was nothing special. Just fried, greasy goodness. It was a fun place to sit outside & people watch.
5	The best restaurant in Vegas. It's a bit expensive, but the dishes are wonderfull, the staff is so nice and helpfull, the atmosphere is unique and the live-music is so great. Visit this restaurant and you will love it. We recommend this restaurant.
4	Upon landing in Vegas, we had text messages telling us to meet our group at the Irish pub in New York, New York. Having just arrived from New York we found this a little ironic, but we quickly checked into to our hotel, changed, and headed here. It was almost 1am by the time we arrived, but the band was going strong and was very good. The crowd was good and rowdy. I love the old women who is supposedly there every night, she is hilarious. Would definitely make a return visit here.
4	This place was cool! We went on halfway to St. Paddy's day for $5 Jameson shots and $5 pints of Guinness and Smithwicks. Bartenders were very attentive and fun. My food (the steamer clams appetizer) was INCREDIBLE, my hubby's basket of fries was good (dipping sauces were really good) and it was nice and quiet...for a little while. They had a live band that was pretty good, but of course every amp was on 11.Overall awesome - if you like quiet don't go when there's a band (or at night) and you can have a chill experience. If you like loud, go at night - the band at night was good.
4	Went here for a dinner for my nephews birthday. Great food and excellent service. Not a big menu but plenty of items to choose from.
4	HAPPY HOUR!Walked through New York, New York looking for something to eat and we came across the Nine Fine Irishmen Pub.We were sat right away  at a nice table tucked in the back corner.Our waitress was AWESOME!   This was the first time I tried Irish food.......I ordered the Shepherds Pie.The pie is basically a beef stew with a mashed potato topping...it was soooo freaking good!  This is some of the best comfort food I have ever had.   Plus..we can't forget HAPPY HOUR...the main reason why we came in here.Boddington's on tap !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I was in heaven!Great place to hang...drink...eat...watch a game!
4	Fish and chips YUUUUMMMMM - now if only I wasn't so hungover that night I might have enjoyed a bit more.The place gets packed, but I always expect that one in Vegas and two in any Irish pub
5	"Seachas cothuna gael do faic"  (Resist everything but moderation)-- Oscar WildeTo savor the true experience of the Emerald Isles, who would think the path would lead to Las Vegas? At the doorstep of the New York New York Hotel?It's a rubbish thought of course. Yet, there was a certain whimsy in the double-faux authenticity of Nine Fine Irishmen. And, by the DIsneyland-like ersatz takes of Vegas, NFI is a winner.Compelled by a tempting menu, and reasonable fix prix for Vegas' Restaurant Week, my buddies and I were seated by thick-brogue staff to our table. RIGHT in front of the stage. I said, "do you think we want a quieter spot?" "No this is fine" they said. My friends -- either geniuses or precognitive.Right after ordering our drinks (whiskey for me -- not usually a fan but "when in Dublin...") and meals, the band proceeded. Loud, traditional Irish folk songs done in a contemporary slant. The crowd that gathered was alive and into them. It was kick-ass (literally kick-ass, as the occasional song brought a riverdancing maiden to a platform. Watch your dental work if you stray too close). Yes, so over the top Irish, missing only a pot of gold and leprechauns (well one glitter-faced older lady dressed like Queen Elizabeth, reputedly there every evening, seemed to be channeling a leprechaun in her gleeful dancing).Lest we forget the food ...The first course, Colcannon Soup -- hands-down the BEST thing I ate over my five days at Vegas. So wonderful and so simple -- a thick soup of potatoes, butter, leeks, cream, cabbage and a dollop of bacon pieces crowning the velvety richness. Cholesterol be damned, each spoonful was worthy of a love sonnet. My main course of Shepherd's Pie, with port wine-infused beef tips and cutely served in a mini-kettle, was generous and oh-so comforting. Dessert, the bread & butter pudding of baked brioche, with golden raisins, topped with whiskey cream and caramel sauces, was almost flan-like in texture and a knockout. And big. I couldn't eat more than half.Dinner was a huge carb-load, which I usually refrain from -- it hit my system like a pint of whiskey (just ask the persons I tried to text post-dinner). Between the glorious food, ribald entertainment and carbs I was in a cloud of euphoria. So if you're in Vegas and want to have a glamour of your Irish heritage, put your hands and stomach (and ears) in the hands of these nine fine men.
4	What an experience. I spent my 21st birthday in Las Vegas with my family, and when my siblings asked me where I wanted to go, I said "There's this pub at the New York, New York that I've been wanting to check out." As I was entering, my brother paid the bouncer for my entrance while he looked at my ID. I then noticed he raised an eyebrow, and he said to me "Since it's your birthday, I'll let you in for free. Happy Birthday, and enjoy your time." I gave him a hearty thank you and proceeded inside with my siblings. The decor is really nice, and looked authentically Irish. There was an Irish Folk band playing (their name is "Sin e Ri Ra." Check them out on YouTube!), and it immediately got me in the mood for some brews. After a couple of drinks and some great music, everyone was having a great time. My sister-in-law was dancing with an awesome Asian leprechaun lady, everyone sang along to Finnegan's Wake, and there was even a dude wearing sunglasses in the dark and dancing a jig, all while holding a beer in his hand, no less. All in all, the headache I had the next morning was well worth it. 4 1/2 stars!
4	One of our frequent stops when in Vegas.  Great Irish bar at NYNY Casino.  Service is always great and the food is wonderful.  This time we split some fish and chips. Large portion.  Very light and crispy. Fries were good and tartar sauce excellent.  Happy hour from 2-5 M-T.  I would like to see it every day but WTH.
5	For how noise and crowded vegas can be we were seated in a nice quiet corner... It felt as if we were in an irish cottage.... The corn beef and cabbage was almost as good as my husbands and my husband (the cook in the family) loved the lamb stew.... Oh and the onion rings where so good we ate the whole basket:) large portions of delicious like home Irish food:) would come back again:)
5	I absolutely love this place.  If I could I'd give it 10 stars.  The place is so much fun.  It has 10 year and 16 year old bushmills.  Score!!  The staff was friendly and everyone was having such a great time.  They have a fantastic beer selection and again 16 year old bushmills.  Yeah!!!  The best selling point though is their house band.  OH MY GOD!!  One of the best irish bands I've ever heard.  They get the audience off their asses and on the floor.  I even saw an 80 year old lady dancing.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	YUM!Had a great late night dinner here.  It was LOUD.  I guess I had enough to drink prior that the noise and location of our tiny table right by the stage wasn't a problem.Tuesday night and the place was packed.Hubby had the blue cheese encrusted steak.  He didn't think it was as good as the steak he had earlier in the day at Fleur but he liked it none the less.As a vegetarian I just at my husbands side dish- Mac & cheese for $6!!!  It was amazingly delicious!  I couldn't even finish the entire serving.  Would eat it every single day... way way way better than the Mac & Cheese from Mon Ami Gabi.Thanks Nine Fine Irishmen!Oh, and the service was spot on.  Friendly and efficient.
5	Excellent $100 meal for two in Vegas. This included drink, appetizer and entrees.  The servings were large and the presentation was gorgeous.  The dishes were full of flavor.
4	We ate here one night and drank beers another night.  It's located in the New York, NY Casino.  This is not your typical Irish pub that pops up in every town lately.  The food here is traditional Irish or English, i.e. Shepard's Pie, Chicken Pot Pie, etc.  No chicken wings, potato skins, burgers, etc. that these new "irish" pubs serve here.  Food is pricey but everything in Vegas costs money.  The bar even has partitions just like in Ireland shielding you from your neighbors.  The beer selection is excellent.  Nice and cold, and served in Imperial pint glasses.  The bar tenders are fast on the draw when your pint is almost empty.  Downsides, for dinner it's very LOUD with bands cranking out tunes while you eat.  Don't expect to have a quiet, intimate conversation.  But, when your sitting at the bar, the sound is fine.  The service is excellent.  We saw two different bands from Ireland and the place was packed but not overcrowded.  $5 dollar cover charge to get in when the bands were playing.  Overall, pretty good for dining if you want traditional Irish food and excellent for drinking!
3	Great Irish pub in the New York, New York Resort and Casino with some great food but a bit pricey for what it is. That's why I'm only giving it 3 stars.I had the Bangers and Mash (Irish sausage and mustard mashed potatoes) and my wife had the Fish and Chips, both of which were excellent. Only downside is they have steakhouse prices.So, all in all, glad we went but probably wouldn't return as there are so many other choices and if I'm going to pay steakhouse prices, they I'm getting a good steak!
3	Great band here! Limited options for vegetarians. I enjoyed the Colcannon soup with some bread the waitress was able to pull together (apparently they were "out" of bread).I would offer four stars but deducted one for being "out" of bread and out of cider (my friend's fav) on a Thursday night at around 8:30 pm.
5	My absolute favorite Irish Pub! Hands down!From the gorgeous look of the place to the people and the food, it's awesome! Whenever I'm in Vegas, this is the only place I must go. Last time I was there, a fantastic Irish band was performing and there was a girl step dancing on the stage. Above average Irish fare. I've had the banger and mash as well as the shephards pie. Both were delicous. If your in Vegas, and your looking for great food and atmosphere, you must go to Nine Fine Irishmen. If you you love great Irish pubs like me, your going to be very happy.
2	My boyfriend's fish and chips were bland and way too greasy. Our server had to bring us a fresh batch of fries because the first batch was cold.I had a decent spinach and chicken salad (kind of hard to mess that up).I don't recommend this restaurant.
3	Came here to try the Restaurant Week menu over Labor Day weekend.  We had the Colcannon soup which was my first time tasting it and I loved it.  Unfortunately my friend could not eat pork and although she specified to hold the bacon, the kitchen failed to do so even though the waiter said the order was put in with the request.  They did offer to replace the soup. The fish and chips were good - enough to share between two people.  The reuben was good too but I think I still prefer pastrami.Bread pudding dessert was delicious and even though my friend was full on the meal, he couldn't resist devouring the dessert.Overall we enjoyed our lunches.
4	In a town that is renowned for its excesses, including the plethora of all types of bars, Nine Fine is, well, so fine. With its elaborate and authentic Celtic interior, and the informative and enlightening tales of its namesake, it's a great pub experience. The food and drink is a fair representation of the Emerald Isle. It almost serves as a respite (relatively speaking, it is Sin City after all) from all the chaos outside its doors.
4	very cool place.. great music.. good beer..did not eat here so i cant tell you about that..but it is like walking into a different world when you go into this place
5	Best Irish pub eva!
3	I went here before watching a show at NYNY.  Initially, though we were seated right away, it took a good ten minutes before a server came by to take even a drink order.  The rest of the night, our server was very attentive.  It seemed like a fun place to be, especially with music starting up at 9pm.  My friend had the chowder, and I had the potato soup.  Both were very rich and filling.  The meat and mushroom pies were like little empanadas.  Not what I was expecting from an Irish pub, but passable.  They have your normal, major brews from the UK and Ireland, but nothing fancy like Beamish.  Mmmm, Beamish...
4	Located within New York, New York, this is one of those "authentic" Irish pubs which was constructed in Ireland then assembled within the casino.  The food is A-Ma-Zing for traditional irish pub grub. I strongly recommend the onion rings, which are marinated in a bloody mary mix prior to  being guinness beer-battered and then served up with spicy brown mustard. Yum!  Had the Shepherd's pie which is served in (for lack of a better term) a tin bucket-pretty cool. I have to say, the shepherd's pie paired perfectly with my yellow jacket (Guinness floated on top of shock-top hefeweizen). So delicious.  Was too full for dessert!
4	We happy houred as much as possible while on the strip because during other times drinks are f-ing expensive everywhere.  This was easily my favorite happy hour of all that we hit.  Unfortunately their $5 drafts are only Mon-Thurs, so when we tried to go back Fri to hit it up again, we ended up paying full price for our beers, which was a bummer.  The place manages to keep the Irish pub atmosphere even while being smack in the middle of the New York New York casino, and was a great place to just throw back pints.A fun side note - I told my boss today about having gone to this pub while on my trip and come to find out when he went to Vegas a few months ago, he actually did a jig on one of the tables and kissed the stuffed moose on the second floor.  God I wish I had seen that.
4	There is so much food here to choose from and so many adult beverages... it's like Santa's workshop but for delinquent elves and misfit toys. You are bound to find something here to eat whether it's a more traditional Irish feast or something more main stream. Their beer selection is a little weak but they more than make up for it with Irish whiskeys and other hard A choices. The smell of booze, old wood and Vegas fills this spot. It has multiple seating areas and floors, a bar and if you're lucky you can catch a live band playing here. I've bought CDs of some of the live Irish folk acts that have played here and I don't usually do that.Feel free to walk up to other patrons and say "kiss me I'm Irish!"... if they politely decline move on to the next table or if they stare at you confused just say "hug me I'm Irish?"... it's okay because you're in an Irish pub in Vegas. Right?I've had pretty fantastic wait staff numerous times. This is usually my first stop when I get to LV in honor of my late mother so I've just gotten off a plane, checked in and I'm a bit neurotic... and they put up with my insane and silly humor just fine... and even get a few quips in there themselves. It's a fun enviroment and all of the food I've had over the years has been good/great.If you're tired of the fancy foods and fanfare of other restaurants in Vegas and just want something delicious to eat and a good hard drink... The Irishmen has your back.I'm a fan!
4	Absolutely love this place.  It's nice to go to a pub on the strip and actually feel like you are in a pub.  The non-stop go go go takes a back seat at this place and I feel more at home which on evening number 3 or so is a nice thing to have happen.  The food is great and they have great beers to satisfy your palate.  Also they have live music at night which always is nice to listen to while enjoying a pint and a bite.  I recommend the rack of lamb in curry it is just perfect to cut up into little lamb lollipops and enjoy.  MMMMMM.
4	Nice environment and the staff is very friendly.  The food was very good and very filling. The drinks are a little pricey but you get what you pay for when it comes to the food. If you are a bloody Mary fan, I would not recommend that unless you like horseradish sauce in it. Everything else was good and it smells nice inside, not like the usual Vegas ashtray!
5	Came here as it opened on a Friday morning after a HARD Thursday night in Vegas. As tends to be my Vegas fare (think: too hung over to eat real food), I ordered a salad and shared a turkey and corn chowder with a friend, based upon the recommendation of our server. Despite the fact that I came in wearing a sparkly dress, 5" heels and hair that had clearly not been brushed, this waitress welcomed me with warmth and no evident judgment (look, I was judging myself by the way I appeared). She listed the specials and was understanding when we required more time to make decisions.When the soup came out, we were surprised by how filling and delicious it was. Two of my friends ordered shepherd's pies, the other a sandwich she didn't even touch. All of us were pleased with our food, which was reasonably priced for being on the strip. The service was prompt and our server kept returning to check in on us and insure we were having the best possible experience. Three cheers to Nine Fine Irishmen!
2	$9 for a tap beer?! Come on...Waited forever for our food - after half an hour we paid for our drinks and left.Impossible to get a table - unclear if it was "seat yourself" or if we just find our own place.I love Irish pubs and was very disappointed with this one.
3	Fun, good food and accommodating staff. It was a little pricey for what it was, but it is Vegas after all. If they don't get your money at the tables, they'll get it at dinner. Give it a try if you are in the mood for a pub atmosphere. I don't remember any live music while we were there on a... uh... I don't remember what night it was... but I'm sure the music is great when it's there. Maybe it was there, I don't really know.
4	Pretty cool place. I've been to a bunch of Dublin pubs and this is fairly realistic looking. Except for the high ceilings maybe. Regardless, they had lots of good beer on tap and some decent bar grub. I especially liked the tables that had their own beer taps on them. You simply give them your credit card and pour at your pace. Brilliant. Good place to go on a Irish beer bender if you are bored in Vegas.
4	This Irish pub actually played and had live Irish music!  Just as an IRISH pub should!  it was nice to walk into this pub and be greeted by live music and dancing, good food and friendly staff.  We waited a bit too long to get our food, considering it wasn't that busy, but other than that we had a pleasant evening.  I'd recommend stopping here before going to the pub in Mandalay Bay...Ra Ri, or something?
4	Great for a pint of Guinness.  NFI is also a good cost conscious alternative to some of the high end restaurants on the strip.  If you're in the mood for a beer and some fish and chips, look no further.
4	Leave your diet at the door because Nine Fine Irishmen serves up some heavy fares. Appetizers tend to be fried and plentiful. The entrees do not come in light options either. Scared, go for a salad. Salad at a pub? I won't fault you, I have done it. I had made a reservation for after Zumanity. With Yelp and Open Table this process could not be anymore easy. I had originally used Yelp to look up their number, but found that I could just input a few simple answers and have a table waiting for us. When we got their at 9:20, they were ready for us and guided us upstairs. Originally disheartened because their was a live Irish band downstairs, we trudged upwards. The pout soon was replaced with glee when we saw our little private alcove though. This table set in the back of the top floor is perfect for parties of 6-8. It is away from all of the chaos, but you can still hear the music.The Big Appetizer Platter ($18) is a large mountain of wings, onion rings, sausage, and deep fried sausages. It sounded so good with the beers, but not so much as the night progressed. The Steamers ($14) was the best starter. These little morsels drew in all the garlicy/tomato flavor of the broth and added a nice saltiness once they opened up. The Beer and Cheese Dip is like eating a bowl of warm brie. It is decadent and rich. Smothered on bread, it will render you immobile for a while. For a proper hen night (we ran into British people who called it that), the $5 shots of Jameson was an inexpensive way to get the bride plastered. All of the usual beers are here, but the mixed drinks are good for people who might not normally like beer, Snakebite (Harp and Magners Apple Cider), Black 'N Black (Guiness and Black Currant), Black Velvet (Guiness and Magners) made the bride happy.
3	Beer and service was great. Our waiter gave my wife samples of beer since she wasn't a beer drinker but wanted to try.The food was blah. Had the shepards pie and didn't like it compared to others I had.
5	This is by far my favorite bar in Las Vegas. So fun ! Everyone in here is friendly and happy. The live band makes it a perfect environment to just hang with friends or make some new friends I have not tried the food yet that is still on my to-do-list. The crowd here just goes wild for the band the irish music really gets everyone going its usually pretty full but hey its always an experience to party hardy with they irish because they really know how to drink! awesome awesome bar :)
3	Well I never did meet the 9 dudes, but I am sure they are fine enough.I had lunch and a couple pints of Guinness here.  Their Fish 'n' Chips, (what else am I going to eat at an Irish pub), were awesome.  That is exactly what I would recommend you order when going here.  The waitress told me they were famous for them, but she could have told me that about any item on the menu and I'd believe it.  I'm a trusting sort.I was with 4 other guys, and we were seated in a room upstairs which wasn't to my liking as we could not here the music that was down stairs, and felt isolated.  This room would be great for a private function, but for 5 guys who just got off the plane from Montreal....we wanted to be in the action.Next time I visit Vegas I will come here to see a live show and see if I can meet these 9 fine Irishmen.
4	The Wife has been talking about going to see some fine Irish men for years. Although i have always been a little concerned about this, i decided that this year i would finally let her. So I grabbed her Lucky Charms and off to New York New York Hotel and Casino we went .  The Nine Fine Irishmen Pub is always busy and the evening that we went was no exception. We did not have to wait for a table, however , when we got seated in the dimly lit dining room, we were greeted with a view of the restroom. This was not ideal, but at least with a complete 360 turn around of our necks we could see the stage where a great Irish folk band was rockin the Riverdance, and a sixty something year old midget in her leprechaun costume ( I'm not kidding) was burning up the dance floor.I was looking forward to seeing a sexy Irish waitress straight from the country side come over to take our order, and i did not have to wait long. Although she probably had some country in her, the sexy and the Irish part seemed to be missing. So with a little disappointment in my voice I placed my order with Marlborough Lung Cancer Granny. I decided that after the leprechaun midget ,Irish folk band , restroom view seating and total lack of Irish tail that a strong drink was needed. I went with Gaelic Punch, it was loaded with a bunch of  Rum(s), and Midori and did the trick. Before long I was smiling like a kid that had just found a four leaf clover.  For the food, Simone and I started out with the Potato Basket. Although not the most adventurous of choices, you really can not go wrong with thick slices of deep fried potatoes. The potatoes were served with Red and Yellow curry sauces that were both very good. And the portion was large, consisting of at least a couple of good sized spuds.  For the entree Simone decided on The Herb Crusted Goat Cheese salad. Although (as discussed in previous blogs) salads are not an entree, I decided to keep my opinion to myself and let my wonderful wife enjoy her rabbit food. The salad consisted of Arugula with other mixed greens, oven dried tomatoes, caramelized onions, and a big heaping spoon full of goat cheese topped off with a Hazelnut Dressing.  Simone said it may have been the best salad EVER.  And she would know, she loves salad- as an ENTREE. For my tastes, I also found it to be very good and the goat cheese was excellent.Next up was my choice, a real entree, the traditional Shepherds Pie. Now this was comfort food. No frills, just damn good and piping hot. Topped with a mashed potato crust it arrived in a mini cast iron pot and was filled with tender morsels of sirloin steak, not the ground up junk, but real chunks of good beef tips mixed with carrots, and onions in a thick and rich port wine gravy. The BEST EVER Shepherds Pie. No cream of corn, or any other gross stuff that mom used to put into it (sorry mom) .This was just a simple,  warm your insides on a snow filled night kinda meal. It was excellent.  So ended our visit to Ireland. Although it started off a little scary, it ended great. Great Food, good drinks, good music and a lot of fun.
2	Service by Trish was awesome. The seafood stew awesome. The sheppards pie, HORRIBLE!  How does an Irish restaurant screw up sheppards pie? .In all fairness though, the Irish have never been known for thier cooking.
3	I love the atmosphere at Nine Fine Irishmen (and have given an extra star mostly because of it) but the food leaves a bit to be desired. What I lived:  I really enjoy the live music they have there (saw the Celtic Rockers most recently and thought they were pretty decent) and I like the cosy seating that some spots in the restaurant have to offer.  There service that I've had has been pretty decent too. What I didn't like: The food portions were huge and on paper looked promising. In reality though, the dishes we had lacked flavor and weren't nearly as interesting as the descriptions might lead you to believe. We ordered "drunken onion rings" that boasted a bloody mary marinade that the rings didn't have the slightest hint of. We also ordered the pork tenderloin, which while probably the best dish we tasted, was mostly show. I ordered the Blue Cheese steak which was incredibly disappointing; it lacked any seasoning and relied instead on the blue cheese and the horrid au jus style sauce to give it any flavor, but it wasn't enough. It was a huge cut of meat and I would gladly have had half the food with a little better quality and preparation.  I ordered the "dubliner" after dinner and while it had Jameson listed as it's first ingredient, it was completely imperceptible to either of us (it tasted like a sickeningly sweet appletini). We'd ordered Jameson neat before dinner and I get the feeling that they cut cost corners by being stingy on the whisky; not a good practice for an "irish" bar. The waitress, to her credit, had it remade (it came back entirely different the second time) when she noticed that I wasn't drinking it and she took it off of our bill.  Perhaps my latest visit was an off night; I've had better from them in what now feels like the distant past. I'll probably go back again for the live music, dessert and  (simple) drinks, but I won't drop another $100 for dinner there again without some proof of redemption.
2	On my recent trip to Las Vegas my stay was extended for an extra night due to snow on the freeway toward LA. It was a business trip so one of my coworkers and I decided to make the most of it and do a little bar hopping.The Irish Car Bomb is one of my favorite drinks and my coworker had never tried one before. We made it a point to start the night off with one of those bad boys. I figured there was no better place than an Irish pub to celebrate his first Car Bomb.We showed up Sunday night around midnight and the place was completely packed. The first thing we both noticed was how the place reeked of B.O. Shortly after that we realized how the place was full of old men in their 60's or later. Keeping in mind that a lot of places don't serve Car Bombs, we held our breath and fought toward the bar.The bartender was nice and attentive and made our drinks really quick. There was even a great Irish band playing on the small stage in the middle of the bar. Several drunken dancers just happened to be flailing about with sections of the crowd cheering them on. Even though most of the crowd was old, the vibe was fun and the music was actually really good. However, once we finished chugging our drinks we aimed for the door and on to the next place...
4	I love stopping at this place because it's not pretentious and it's not packed but there are still fair amount of people here. Live bands and great beer. Drinks are a little expensive but it's Vegas....
4	Lunch 4/3/12. Good Not great. Good quality food to start with good quality food at the result. Prices VERY fair for Vegas. Good beer selections. Good environment. Corned beef is equivelent to Boars head or maybe a notch up. Fish and chips was very good and BIG portions. Environment makes the place what it is. Service was mediocre this particular day. Good food good environment..good enough !
4	This place is actually really, really good.  We ate here one evening because we had tickets to see Zumanity.  To be perfectly honest, my expectations weren't really all that high.  I really just wanted something close with decent food and based on the reviews that I read, this place seemed to fit the bill.We were seated relatively quickly and the service was very good.  I ordered the horseradish crusted halibut with chervil butter and it was outstanding.  The fish was prepared perfectly and was probably one of the best halibut dishes that I've ever eaten.  We also split a side of goat cheese mashed potatoes.  They were quite good, but a little more goat cheese would have been nice.  The only negative about the experience were the guys that were seated next to us.  Loud, obnoxious, and obscene.  I'm no saint and use my fair share of colorful language, but this was ridiculous.  We ended up eating and paying quickly just to get away from them.All in all, this was probably one of the better meals that we had while we were town.  I'd definitely recommend it.
4	Surprisingly good food for a random "Irish" pub in the middle of a casino. Authentic and tasty is was.  I recommend the Mac and cheese and the steak pie things they serve as appetizers. Really good.
4	Honestly, you would probably never think that an Irish bar in a casino would have good food and service, but this one did! While day-gambling, we stumbled across Nine Fine, and decided to head on in.  I'm glad we did.  We had a couple beers, the salmon salad and the goat cheese salad.  Both were really really good.  Not what you would expect from an Irish bar.  And they are proud supporters of St. Balderick's, which I thought was great.  They even support staff members shaving their heads for the cause! Cure kids cancer! I think we can all agree on that! (Okay, did not see the review going there...)
5	Oh. my. gosh. The food is AMAZING. My first time at an Irish Pub restaurant and I'm a fan! I had the bangers and mash and my husband had the lamb burger. SO much flavor in both dishes! I usually don't like mashed potatoes, but whatever they put on their potatoes made it taste so good, especially in conjunction w/ the cabbage! And my husband's lamb burger was juicy, tender, and an awesome twist on a regular burger. For dessert, YOU MUST GET THE BREAD PUDDING. Oh my gosh, I would sacrifice any diet just for their bread pudding.  It's quite literally the best bread pudding I've ever had, this place deserves 5 stars just for that!
4	Good food, great beer and a great atmosphere. The place is always popular when I have guests come into town.
3	Came here on a Wednesday night since we were staying at NYNY.  Got there around 9pm and originally we just wanted to grab a drink but there was an Irish band playing so we decided to stay a bit for the live music. Lots of great draughts from the British Isle on tap.  For the majority of the night, we went with those and Harper, Guinness, and Bodington was the ones we went for.  It was a bit odd since the beers were served in plastic cups.  Price was a little over $8 per beer.  Not that cheapest, but meh... Vegas.They even have a table that has the tap right at your table!  Didn't get to try it since this group occupied it the whole time.The live band was actually pretty good!  They even had a girl doing the Irish tap dancing.  That's something we don't see everyday so that was pretty cool.  It seems like there were plenty of European transplants that night since many of them knew the songs.Wonder how this place is on the weekends.
5	The Irish Band was amazing! Fun to watch before we caught our Zumanity show.  My husband and I sat at the Keg automated "table".  He gave his credit card to the bartender and all he had to do was pour straight from our table! Brilliant!! Can't wait to go back here again!
3	Always a good time at Nine Fine Irishmen - live Irish music and dancing. Upstairs has a balcony dining area, which is nice on a Vegas evening. Food is average, service was excellent. Good for dancing and a fun crowd.
5	Wonderful place to eat dinner in Vegas!!!  We had a delightful dinner here with live music in the background.  We had to wait to get seated but totally worth it!  Very enjoyable meal.
4	The first time we ate here we were staying at the New York, New York and it was convenient. We quickly found out it was not only convenient but has great food. The Shepherd's Pie was the best I've had.
5	The last time I was there, they had changed the menu and had taken off a lot of the traditional Irish pub fare. That being said the burger I had was great. I also must add that if you can't go to Dublin to have a pint of Guinness this is a distant but evocative substitute. You can ask to be seated upstairs if you want a slightly quieter dinning experience, as the bar area can get a tad loud. The specials are always interesting. Enjoy!
4	Shepards pie could use more sauce, kinda dry, great decor, pricey..
4	This place is awesome. We came here at mdnight on a Saturday night after a show and it was packed but not crowded. We had about 8 of us and we were able to find a large table upstairs. There's plenty of tables upstairs and downstairs and there's also a bar on both floors as well. They have a ton of beers on tap and drink choices. We wanted to order food but the kitchen was closed already. Overall this is a nice place to chill and have a drink. It's noisy downstairs but not too bad upstairs. An Irish band plays there all night so we watched them of the time and watched the drunk people dancing and singing along. Every so often, a woman with the band would get up on a table and start doing an Irish. It was pretty awesome.
3	Shared the platter w a friend and had a Nutty Irishman drink. Food was just ok. The platter had fried sausages, onion rings, fried slices of potatoes and chicken wings...that did NOT agree with my stomach later on and I think all of us did not feel good later that night. Well it was our 3rd night in Vegas so maybe everything is just disagreeing w our bodies by that time. But I think I would've enjoyed it otherwise
5	This place is great. I've never had a dull moment in Nine Fine Irishmen. Our bartenders were great and very entertaining. They were right on top of our drink and food orders and made some great recommendations. I love this place. The layout is quite unique with the two bars and smaller areas with tables. The crowd was never overbearing and we always had a seat at the bar. I'll definitely be back!
3	Like many things in Vegas the Irish bar Nine Fine Irishman at New York New York sounds much cooler than it really is, but the pub does provide an alternative Vegas experience. The bar is laid out like a house with plenty of secluded tables. At Nine Fine Irishmen, the Smithwick's Irish Red Pale Ale Beer is cold, the Jameson Whiskey free flowing, and the Irish band lively.Olivia Z. and I came to enjoy the band. It wasn't very busy, however, since there are only about 8 seats with a view the options are to stand & watch or find a table around the corner. We stood for awhile and then floated from table to table as better spots opened up. The upstairs was closed for a "private event." The outdoor patio provides even more space.
4	After going to see Thunder From Down Under, my girl friends and I decided to hit up this Irish pub to unwind. I love Irish pubs and this one was just a bit more special because during the band, a dancer came out on a tiny table off to the side and  danced for a tiny portion of the song. I didn't get a beer, but I did try their popular beer, which was light and pretty tasty. I'll definitely be coming back here!
3	There should be a distinction on here that says if you are rating based on the food, or the drinks and atmosphere. I am rating based on the food since we came here for dinner and not the live music and nightlife.  I did not think 9 Fine was all it is cracked up to be if you want to grab a bite somewhere. There are lots of other places on the strip to go to. I had the lamb stew which was good but not worth the price. My husband had the bangers and mash which was good but very salty, and he really did not like the cabbage. Our companion had the shepherd's pie which was pretty standard.  The soda bread at the beginning of the meal was lacking in flavor. I am glad we tried 9 Fine but don't quite get the hype.
3	Came here twice in the evening to see friends.  Loved the live music and tap dancing, the band is pretty good.  Drinks were expensive though so I didn't bother, and I'm not sure why a $5 cover in the evenings was needed.  All of our friends had a fantastic time though and the atmosphere is very fun.  Next time I'm in Vegas I do want to to try the food.
5	The service from the staff was efficient and attentive. The noise control of the pub is limited to each table's noise surround.  The atmosphere and accommodation is fine dining for a pub.  The price is moderate and the servings are plentiful.  The food is authentic, and not at all fatty or greasy.  I found this a good place to shop for my Irish products from Ireland.Audrey
1	So the service is slow and the food was sub par. Anything above 2 stars would be stretching it. After waiting 30 mins we finally got water! The waitress was rude & when the manager was notified he says, "She's one of our best servers, I can't believe she would be rude." This place SUCKS
5	Absolute MUST for anyone planning on visiting Vegas. This is a gem of a restaurant, located inside the NYNY Hotel and Casino :)Where do I start? Their steaks are delicious and juicy and they have probably the best bread pudding I have ever had.  Not to mention the amazing live music that starts at 9pm! Definitely not your typical, on the strip, restaurant. The place is lively, dim-lit, and I always see people having a good time when they are here. I make it a point to go here every time i'm in Vegas.If you pick a seat with a view of the balcony and the stage, you'll be set for some good ol' fashioned Irish folk dancing and tunes by the Nine Fine Irishmen (Yes, this place is named after the amazing band that plays here) Overall: Great environment, happy times and great food! What else can you ask for?!
4	If you're looking for an authentic Irish Pub located on the Las Vegas strip, then look no further!Complete with a live Irish band, Nine Fine Irishmen was a little like stepping into a Dublin pub.  The place has multiple stories and a patio which overlooks part of the strip.  There are many private tables, a few booths, and some seating on the outside patio.  We didn't partake in the Irish food, only drinks.Pricing was typically high but the atmosphere was really fun!  We sang, drank and danced to the Irish tunes!  A loud and lively establishment.
5	Love the atmosphere. Eclectic Irish pub decor, comfortable sofa at the table, good food and Guiness and Smithwick...ahhh.
3	My work mates organized a get-together here at Nine Fine Irishmen.  This looks like an Irish pub if the Irish pub originated in Vegas.  Not bad, just not going to be like your fave Irish dive that you frequent at home.We had reservations and they marched us upstairs.  While there was plenty of room it was stone cold dead up there so seemed like we were in an empty restaurant.  Food that I tried:- beer and cheese dip: decadently cheesy with a bunch of breads to eat it with. Cheese was hard to just dip out, you have to use your fork or knife or risk stringing it all over the table.  It wasn't mind blowing but still pretty tasty.- chicken pot pie: creamy tomato broth was kind of what made it taste weird to me and the chicken was in perfect square chunks which made it seem like those frozen dinner chicken pot pies, but overall it was good.  The bread covering it was soft and pillowy and delicious.- Shepherd's pie: authentic Irish it isn't, but you are in Vegas so it is decent.  I'd pick the chicken pot pie over this though...beef seemed almost ground up rather than in chunks.- Creamed corn: home run side!  How can you not like corn that has been made extremely unhealthy by being creamed?  Service was efficient and, of course, helpfully upselling.  However, I like a double drink for not the full double price so I can dig it.  Cost is like everything else in Vegas - bit pricey but this place isn't going to break the bank.Overall an A-OK joint.  Probably a better place to drink and get appetizers but still not bad for a full meal if you have people in your group that prefer a casual, more bar-like atmosphere.
5	The "New York, New York" hotel and casino in Vegas is very much a microcosm of Las Vegas itself.  You can find all kinds of examples of humanity within.  Bros, bro hoes, preppy types, hipsters, wanna be's, classy people...you name it - you can find it there.  Its a smaller version of the "barely organized chaos" that exists outside on Vegas' strip.  Because of the way its laid out with the casinos, the shops, all the eateries and that various "neighborhoods", Ny Ny can best be described as cacophonous.But nestled within this little den of chaos is a relative haven of tranquility and mellowness known as Nine Fine Irishmen.  For those of you who don't know (and really... what are there.. like 4 of you out there still left?), it models itself as an Irish Pub right out of Dublin.  The wife and I have been here twice in our wanderings; most recently for lunch and a pint of ale.  Without a doubt, this is a great place to rest, relax and recharge yourself with a pint of ale or perhaps a shot of whiskey and grab a bite to eat.  My fave drink here is a "Black Velvet", a lovely concoction of Stout and Cider that is the perfect parity tween sweet and strong.The food is excellent too.  Highly recommended is the Fish n Chips.  The fish, never frozen, is delicious and served traditionally in a paper "funnel" along with the thick chips.  Also of note is their corn beef sandwich - which included generous portions of meat.  They also have traditional Anglo fare, like Shepherd's Pie and Bangers and Mash.One of the nicest things about this place is when you walk in - all the sounds and chaos of the casino and goings on outside become dull and muted causing your cares to drift away.  Of course, having a pint or two doesn't hurt either!.  Its a very relaxing, mellow atmosphere.  Except after 10pm, that is.  Then it becomes a raucous and happening nightclub.The place is a *tad* pricey - but only just a tad.  There are far more expensive places to eat and drink - but really, the quality of everything is worth it!The employees..bartenders...waitresses...everyone, are very friendly and knowledgeable.  Our waitress, Tracy I think her name was, even knew what a "Snug" was in regards to pubs - and pointed out that they had three of them!  Woot!Simply put, Nine Fine Irishmen is the perfect spot at the perfect place in Vegas.  An oasis of solemnity in the middle of a vast ocean of glorious chaos.  A must-visit kind of place when you want to settle down with a drink and recharge your inner-battery after strolling up and down the strip.
5	I've been there many times & really like. The food & service has always been first rate. Bartenders always friendly & engaging.
4	Great food, in huge quantities. Strong drinks, good beer selection. Music can overpower the place but it's still good. Service was lacking a bit, but I would still recommend this place to anyone.
4	Good service, actual Irish people! And I have to say, I loved the physical bar here--absurdly ornate, reminds me of Bourbon Street in the Theatre District...
5	Step 1: Admit bias. My sister-in-law is the dancer. Step 2: Express opinions anyway. The Nine Fine Irishmen's Irish dancer is AMAAAAAAAAZING!  Totally worth staying in/near New York New York to make it over here.  The food is great, the drinks are awesome, and the live entertainment is bar none.  The band is just amazing. Totally worth checking out! Great patio too, overlooking the 'brooklyn bridge' and cooling little misters.  Yay!
5	Just what we were looking for after Zumanity.  Off to the side in NY NY Nine Fine Irishmen is a mix of good drinks, good food, and good entertainment.  We came for a late dinner which was great to avoid any cover charge they have on weekend nights.  Our table was upstairs away from the music, which was great for dinner.  We had our own little area for 7 of us.The 'ol my eyes were bigger than my stomach was very true here.  Started with the beer and cheese dip.  Being from Wisconsin this was heaven.  It was an app to share but I found myself nearly taking down the whole thing.  I stopped only when our Brie Chicken with Goat Cheese mash came.  Wish I would have saved more room for the mash pots.  Great service!  Great ambiance! Only wish I could find that beer cheese dip here.
5	Seriously, I loved this place.  The food is awesome.  We went while the band was playing and it's loud as hell but we were lucky enough to get seated behind the stage in a little alcove.  My wife had the pot pie and I had the shepherd's pie and both were ridiculously good.  I don't know how authentic they are but I could eat one of each a week for the foreseeable future.  Nice whiskey list!  We had a great dinner here and will definitely go again on our next Vegas trip.
4	Sit outside & people watch. Don't expect the best service you've ever experienced.Next, order the beer cheese and bread appetizer {~$12}. You can thank me for this later. It's pretty freaking amazing.  It's like beer fondue! I could eat this by itself.I typically go with the Shepard's Pie {~ $15} with cheese on top. I wish they would put the beer cheese on top, because that would be something!!!!Definitely not a diet place!  I have to agree!  BUT if you have a hangover this place will cure your ills for sure!  They have a brat wrapped in bacon {$13} then shoved on a bun that looked like a Pepcid AC commercial waiting to happen.I think the best part is the outside day dining option right on the strip!
4	The food is great and the dinks are well worth it.  Went here for dinner and we had a blast starting off with Irish Car Bombs.  Great way to start the dinner.  We started off with the Beer and Cheese Dip(great).  The entrees were, Irish Bangers,  Pot Pie topped with puf pastry and some kind of fish.  Everyone liked their meal and the music playing kept the mood going.  One friend even went donwstairs and was dancing with some really old lady making her day.  Great expeperience for everyone!
4	This review won't be what it should because I only had a light lunch however, I believe this place is the dining gem of NY NY. I was in Vegas on business staying at NY NY and had a limited time for lunch Tuesday Oct. 9. A co-worker and his wife had gone there for dinner the previous evening and had only great things to say about the food, music, and service. Even though I was only there for lunch, I became a believer!The atmosphere is somewhat dark but somehow appropriate to the theme. My server was a round older lady with a smile that never ended, and a strong need to please. I ordered a Newcastle Ale and inquired about the Concannon soup. She congratulated me on the choice and tole me I wouldn't be disappointed and she was soooo right. A rich creamy soup made from potatoes, cabbage, and garnished with an incredibly lean and delightful smoked bacon. My co-workers had raved about the macaroni & cheese side dish. I love good mac & cheese so my curiousity go the best of me. This too was quite rich with a creamy full flavored cheese baked to a very hot and satisfying taste and texture. The couple sitting at the next table had ordered onion rings and I have to say they looked home made with a hand dipt golden batter.My next trip to Vegas will find me enjoying a full dinner at this delightful watering and dining spot!
4	I went here with a group of 8 drunken 20s-30s women, which is never a fun scenario for servers, but our server, Celeste, took it all in stride and was there with water refills and drink orders whenever necessary. I had been here a couple times the last couple years, and it has never disappointed me, though it has disappointed my dining companions several times. Last night, I ordered the tomato salad as an entree, figuring I could sneak off some of the sides that the group was ordering. The tomatoes were perfectly ripe, and the blend of cheeses to accompany it were really surprising, but good. The sides are really where the place stands out for me--broccolini, tons of different mashed potatoes (goat cheese FTW) and my personal fave, mac and cheese. However, my friends' steaks were not cooked to order. Some were too rare, another (a medium rare) was barely pink. I understand that with Friday night and a large party, getting everything out at the same time is a challenge, but a too-done steak, IMO, is probably the worst thing ever. This place, like most of NYNY, doesn't exactly look like New York, but it's a nice simulation. Like another reviewer said, it's the dining gem of NYNY.
4	Nicely located right in the middle of everything, at the NYNY. It was packed last Friday night and at times hard to get bartenders attention, but that's understandable. There's a nice selection of Irish/English/Scottish brews on tap and live entertainment to boot. This place is ideal if you want a lively scene and a couple of beers, but not up for the full club experience.
4	This place is always a lot of fun.  I get over the clubs pretty quickly in Vegas, and it's nice to have a bar where you can hang out and talk while enjoying good beer and good music.  Go after 9:00 for the live band, they are fantastic!I love Irish music and made this place a must on my to do list for my most recent trip to Vegas, and it will stay on that list.  We made a reservation through Open Table and got a spot right in front of the stage.  Funnel Sticks, Beer, and the Irish Fiddle filled my evening.The sticks I'm referring to are a desert on their menu.  Like funnel cake, but in stick form; easy to dip in the three sauces they provide, strawberry, chocolate, and caramel.  Just like at the fair, but bring friends, caus they give you a lot.I dream of the day I have enough friends in Vegas at one time to get the Tap Table.  It's the bigger, standing table, as you enter that has it's own tap and counter to see what you're consuming.  Kind of a gimmick, but I love gimmicks!I'll be back Nine Fine, I'll be back...
4	Great place for drinks n sports watching! It was such a cool Irish bar, 2 stories, lots of people were just there drinking beer, watching sports and eating at the bar. We met a few friends there for drinks, the self help beer machine table was perfect for us to sit down and have good conversations over beer and martinis. Perfect casual place for relaxing & fun drinking times!
5	My wife and I consider the Nine Fine Irishmen Restaurant and the band one of the greatest spots in all of Las Vegas - and we don't drink. The food is great. The band is fantastic!
4	This is always a happening place when you go by and the food and beer is well worth stopping for. The restaurant/bar is a maze of rooms that have you feeling like you're sitting in an old Irish country place of some kind. When they have the live Irish music going on this place gets really wild and is nearly impossible to get in, let alone trying to navigate through the maze of rooms. I have to admit that the staff could use a customer service injection, but maybe they're all just hung over from the non-stop partying going on at this place.
4	Really cool Irish pub located in New York New York.  Nice decor and the sheppards pie was amazing.  Alittle disappointed that there was barely any TV's, probably would have stayed for more drinks if there were.
4	I ate here this past Sunday evening for a late dinner with my girlfriend.  Whenever we walked by the place was packed but we were told that it would only be a 10 minute wait.  Less than 5 minutes later we were in and seated.  The inside of the place was cool, done mostly in wood and there was an Irish band playing like there is every night after 9.For dinner my girlfriend and I decided to start off by splitting the goat cheese salad and beer cheese dip.  The salad was pretty refreshing as it had a vinaigrette dressing with a nice big hunk of goat cheese on top of it.  However it paled in comparison to the beer cheese dip which came served with some crackers and bread.  Man was that stuff good and very cheesy!  You could even taste the hint of Smithwick's that went into it. For my entree I decided on the bangers and mash since we were at an Irish place.  It came with two links of sausage covered in a mushroom sauce covering the mashed potatoes which in turn were covered with cabbage.  My favorite part of my entree was the mashed potatoes which had some mustard seed in it which gave it a nice taste.  Other than that the rest of my entree was also good.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future but before the live band starts at 9 PM.  You see the state of NV has an 18%+ sales tax on all food and drinks when there is live entertainment or so our waiter explained to me.  So while I enjoyed the food and atmosphere that definitely left a sour taste in my mouth.
5	Authentic Irish pub with great Guinness mixer selections and the best potato crusted salmon ever!!
5	This was my first stop in Vegas!  I stayed at New York, New York and someone had recommended this bar as a MUST-GO!  I wasn't too hungry, but decided to split a few appetizers and drinks with my friend.  We were there around 10pm, so the band was playing and they even had an Irish Stepdancer to perform, which was awesome.  (Always had an admiration for them!)  We split the Drunken Onion Rings and the Steak and Stout Pies.  Both were absolutely DELICIOUS!  The onion rings didn't really show the bloody mary flavor, but they were some of the best I've ever eaten.  And the Steak & Stout pies I would definitely get again.  Service was great -- our server was attentive and friendly. I would come here again!  It's a really fun atmosphere!
5	I took a friend here for his first Guinness and he loved it, the bartender Jose sold us on some Jameson shots for $5, and it hit the spot. There were 8 Irish visitors there as well, and they added to the experience. (6 guys and 2 girls, and they were nuts) Make it a point to go there and enjoy the experience, you won't be disappointed. We had the onions rings, and they were some of the best I have ever eaten. Go deep, go long. Enjoy.
5	Excellent  food and service!My friend and I decided to visit this restaurant  based  on yelp reviews and it was a right decision!We have never tried Irish cuisine before  so we wanted to have something unique and special.The food was very good and service was attentive.We ordered Colcannon soup, Shepherd pie,  Irish bangers and some salad. Honestly, we wanted to try more from their menu (I did a long list of dishes " must try")  but we were run out of  free space in our stomachs. :)Everything was good but especially a want to mention is a Colcannon soup.  It was something unbelievable! So tasty and tender!  Every spoon every sip of this soup made me  uncontrollably  produce slight groan  "m-m-m"!  in pleasure. Folks. This soup is "a must"!  Really recommend to try it in the first place.
2	First... it's a pub and you have to realize the food is pub food.  Not fine dining.  The sheppard pie was meh. The meat was more like ground beef than chunky beef as described in the menu.  There wasn't much texture on top of the pie.  I was expecting some kind  crusty texture.  The drunken onion rings had no bloody mary type flavor.  Tasted just like Onion battered with the fish n chip batter.  The service and beers were good.  I would say go here to get your drink on and grub a little on some mediocre food.
4	Guiness, heinkeen, stella, do I need to write something else? This is a great place to grab a beer and eat. The typical onion rings have a tinge of alcohol and their wings or sausages were good. The service is really good and they could accomodate my veggie requests. The server Kelly is awesome and always with a smile!
4	I get the occasional itch to visit Irish Pubs. The atmosphere is normally different from the typical bar. And Nine Fine Irishmen confirmed my love for pubs. The band was surprisingly good. There seems to be another level but it was closed for a private party. The bottom level was small and tables seemed to be oddly placed. I did enjoy the overly drunk very Irish bar patron that was offering me $20 per beer because the bartenders had cut him off. When the band didn't seem Irish enough for him he would scream obscenities until a more authentic song started playing.  The crowd varied and everyone was friendly. The bartenders were friendly and maintained eye contact with me to get me another $10 Guinness as soon as I started running low. Not sure if there is typically a cover but not having to pay a cover and good live music will have me coming back for more.
2	This place was really disapointing. I had really high hopes the music was good and its a cool atmosphere but the food that we ordered wasn't  good. We had lamb stew and shepherds pie. They were both pretty bland.
5	I absolutely love this pub! I've never tried the food so some might question why I'm giving it 5 stars. I've been coming to this little gem almost as long as I've been coming to Vegas. The atmosphere is great and the drinks are up to par. I'm not like most people who come to Vegas to club or gamble. I come to party, well, at least my way. I love to bar hop in the casinos making my rounds. I usually don't hop around to much because once I come to the Nine Fine Irishmen I usually end my night here. I love that they have a live cover band! I always look forward to hearing them play. I even got a shout out once for my birthday. I was beyond excited. If you're looking for a good time in Vegas and are not big on clubbing, but feel like getting hammered. Look no further. The Nine Fine Irishmen pub will take care of you. Trust me you won't want to leave.
3	"Fine" and "Irish"...in the same sentence!?!The bar is beautiful, and the ambiance is great.  Especially with a nice little Celtic band playing little ditty's whilst you sip a pint.  However, this is not a true Irish bar experience, as there is no soccer playing on a lonely TV screen, no one is passed out on the bar, or in a booth, and "dirty" is not in the tittle.  It is a nice break from the piano bar across the way though.
4	I love this bar. It is always full of people and the music is spot on, authentic. It's a good thing the atmosphere is so amazing though because this place does have a few downsides.First one- there is a cover charge which is odd for a bar. I understand that there is a live band playing... but still. It's not a night club. Although, a little tip for the military- show your ID and you get in for free. Even dependents!Second one- the drinks are ridiculously expensive! Ok, I know it's a bar in Vegas, so it is to be expected to a certain extent, but $11 beers?? And I'm not talking Guiness, I'm talking Coors! Yikes!Third one- lack of seating. The layout of this place is really awkward and hard to navigate. It is fairly narrow and situated so that most seats can get at least a small view of the band playing on stage. I don't know about you other ladies out there, but I am usually walking the strip in heels and dying for a place to sit down with my beer.My favorite thing about this place?? You can't smoke inside! It is one of the few bars that I know of that I can actually breathe in! Ultimately, this is a destination bar. You come here to stay here for the night not just pass through and I love it.
5	This place is actually pretty awesome for a strip hotel bar.  Went here a few weeks ago hoping for some decent brew prices and a place to chill and it fit the bill completely.  Bartenders were friendly and good with service, beers were reasonably priced for Vegas, and the atmosphere was very social.  They have TVs to watch various games, it's a comfortable atmosphere, and the beer/cheese dip appetizer I had was surprisingly delicious.  I'm from Wisconsin and when you're from there you know your cheese but this stuff was REALLY good.  We also were just in the mood for a snack and it turned out to be plenty filling.When you're down there anyway spending gobs of money on all sorts of entertainment, this place is a pretty good stop for slowdown in the action.  Good down to earth feel; highly recommend.  I normally reserve my five-star reviews for something spectacular but between all the bars/clubs I've been to in Vegas including other Irish bars this restaurant actually made me feel better than most so I have to give it some props.
3	My wife and I ate here one night while staying in the hotel.  We both very much enjoyed our meals, I had Shepherd's Pie and my wife had Chicken Pot Pie...which both come in metal buckets.  Odd presentation but tasty.  Far from the best I've had but not bad.  Prices were fair for the food but overpriced for the drinks and service was okay.  A little rushed but not rudely.  Live music is awesome but unfortunately we were seated in an area where we couldn't see the band though.  Worth checking out for food and entertainment but not a good Irish Pub to hang out and drink in.
3	Ate here - food was meh but I shouldn't have been expecting much. They have a great selection of Irish and English beers on tap, and live music on a lot of nights. More of a place to drink than to eat.
5	fish and chips.....Perfection, add Guinness? Heaven! add my sisters there with me? well kids it just doesn't get any better than that!  We stopped in for dinner our first night in Vegas for a sisters reunion. The band was full on loud, the place was hopping but we got a table upstairs and enjoyed every bit of it! A great menu with lots of choices and a fun atmosphere made it a great evening out!  The decor is  fun and very Irish, the staff are helpful and attentive, the prices not bad for a Vegas spot. I come here each time I am in Vegas and it never disappoints but this trip was extra special!
4	How have I never reviewed this place? We came here all the time when we lived in LV. Kinda sad that one of the more "authentic" Irish bars in Vegas is on The Strip, but they do a damn respectable job. Well portioned car bombs, amazing bloody marys, and, oooh, the sausages. Good music, good colcannon, and genuinely Irish and Scottish guys working the bar. Prices are what you'd expect on The Strip, but you get quite a bit of personality and good stuff for that price.One of our favorite things to do here was to just order a couple of drinks and maybe an appetizer, and go hang out on the 2nd floor outside balcony overlooking the Strip.  Never very crowded out there (because there isn't any service), and the people- and light-watching is great.If you're coming to listen to music, and you want to sit, be sure to get there early.  It's packed every night around the stage.
4	Awesome place. Just about the best bar on the strip in my book. It feels authentic enough (obviously it isn't, but it tries very, very hard). If you like Irish pubs, you'll like Nine Fine Irishmen. First, they have good Guinness. On a Saturday night, they will pour it quickly and in plastic cups. On a regular day, it's poured correctly and in the normal glass pint. Obviously, the latter is better. However, those weekend nights are fun too. There is a cover of $5 for live music is great for Vegas. The band is fun - a mix of Irish and other musics, and they really get the bar going. The food looked tasty, but I didn't have any. Service, even when it wasn't busy, was fine but not great.
5	Ate here last Saturday with a group of 4 guys. We sat upstairs, it was cool because we could hear the Irish band and people watch as we ate. It was a warm night and we found out after we ate that we could have sat on the patio. Patio had heaters and a nice view of the strip, nobody was out there at all, it would have been cool. Anyhow we started with the fried sausage basket appetizer. Very good and a ton of food. Also had the Beer cheese dip which was also good. I ordered the rib eye. Pictures attached, it was cooked perfect and was as tasty as the steak I had at jean  George the night before. Mike had the chicken pot pie (pic attached) huge and delicious. Andrew had the bangers and mash or (2 dong platter) as  we called it. See pics. Andrew enjoyed putting 2 sausages in his mouth very much. John also had the rib eye. We ordered peas and goat cheese mashed potatoes as our sides. Both excellent. Bang for the buck, food was great. Next time I will eat on the patio. I rarely eat at the same place 2 times in Vegas but this will Be a go to for me from now on.
4	Excellent meal, great service, and very welcoming.  My wife and I were staying at NYNY and decided to have lunch here.  We found a coupon in one of the Vegas magazines for a free appetizer with the purchase of two meals.  We started with the Beer N' Cheese dip.  The dip comes with a few stick-type breadsticks, sliced fresh bread, and wheat crackers.  The dip was very cheesy and tasted like real cheese.  It was a little awkward to scoop the dip since it was so thick, but it was still a good choice.  For our meals, we had the Sloppy Pat and the Chicken and Brie Cheese Sandwich.  Both were great, I especially loved the chicken sandwich.  Both meals were served with steak fries (chips for you Irish folk)  They were very crisp on the outside and soft on the inside.  We ate them in traditional fashon with vinegar rather than catsup.  We also had a few New Castles and a Harp.  Both were nice and cold and tasted great.Overall, the $60-ish we spent on our meal and drinks were a pretty darn good deal in my opinion (we had spent $18 on two hotdog meals the prior day on the casino floor)  Great alternative to a buffet, food is much better quality and left me as much, if not more satisfied.
3	Dope little spot, dont try to follow trends, and stay legitimate Ireland. You can feel the vibe everywhere you look and can't get away from Guniness if you wanted to.  If you really like to spend the night fighting the Irish like Notre dame, I would suggest you do what I did and get the gauntlet of Jameson shots.  The regular store commodity Jameson, the 12 year version and the creme de la creme, the 18 year bad boy.  Vegas,  here i come
4	I must warn you, the following review is from a fan of all things Jameson's IRISH WHISKEY.  I have visited NFI 4 to 5 times in the past 3 years. Although I don't much care for the NYNY hotel in which it is located, I highly recommend starting your evening of debauchery w/ NFI. They always have a band playing Irish tunes, and a crazy Asian woman ( nightly regular) dancing a jig. Not sure what her story is, but she isn't even the wackiest "thing" you will run into here. On this particular visit, an older gentleman in his 60's came into the bar with an unusual date...... A six foot tall Marilyn Monroe impersonator, with a prominent Adam's Apple. Good Times. I sent him over a shot believing he needed it more than me. Makes for good entertainment, even if their alcohol prices are on the high side (even by Strip standards). Shot of the good stuff is $12, yikes! Interior is very authentic Irish, and the place seems to get crowded fast. Band usually plays from 8pm 'till midnight. Staff is friendly and efficient.
1	The single star is for the awesome interior and atmosphere. And that's where the star-ness ends.- We were told we'd have a 15-20 minute wait, which was fine... until half an hour went by and we went from buzzed, happy-but-hungry to straight up sober and hangry. When finally seated, we were brought to a very private table at the top of the stairs near the back which we initially thought was awesome, except we later suspected they put us there just to forget about us.- After receiving our waters, my husband and I added Mio flavoring to ours. Our waitress immediately got snotty with us and demanded to know who had gotten us a drink so that she could add it to our tab. Wtf.- Only ONE page for the entire dinner menu, including salads and appetizers? Pathetic.- My husband ordered the lamb stew, and for nearly $20, boy was it lackluster. Considering how mediocre and mushy it was, they could at least have served him more than one ladle-full.- While at dinner for over an hour, our waters were NEVER refilled. Not even once.- Between the six of us multiple salads, stew, fried sausages, and onion rings were ordered. The ONLY things worth ordering were the appetizers (which were delicious). No joke. No one even finished their boring, overpriced salads.- A bus boy brought us a basket of starter bread when we were almost done with our meal. Thanks, I guess.Needless to say, we were especially miffed that we were forced to tip a rude waitress who basically showed up to our table only to take our orders and then give us our bill. (Please keep in mind that we received this awful service on a weekday evening in the slow month of February.)I've worked in the service industry for years, and I understand the trials and hard work that go into customer service. However, the staff at Nine Fine Irishmen is in some DIRE need of lessons in customer service. Have already been warning several of my Vegas-bound friends away from NYNY and all of the food establishments there!
2	I was really looking forward to our visit based on ratings and a LV resident recommendation.  That said, I have had much better Irish food in NYC and ATL.  And the service, while friendly, was very slow on delivering the food.Ordered battered sausage and onion rings for apps - both were very good.For entrees, shepherd's pie and herb crusted arugula and goat cheese salad with shrimp.Shepherd's pie was a large portion (good), with great mashed on top but the meat was dry - no gravy!?  If it had some moisture to it, it would have actually been a really good shepherd's pie....The shrimp on the salad was tough and overcooked (re-heated??).  Seemed like they had been sitting around too long or had been cooked the day before.Ordered a Stoli and tonic but somehow got a Smirnoff and tonic (shown on the bill).Perhaps it is unfair to expect to have great pub food in LV...but it's such straightforward and simple food, I would have thought it would have been a no-brainer.  Maybe Ri-Ra would have been a solid bet because it is a chain...but I will get my pub food at Olde Blind Dog in ATL :)Atmosphere was fantastic and authentic....I am sure the live music is a good time too.
2	My first experience at 9 Fine Irishmen was during Viva MyVegas launch week. They poured a nice cold mixed glass of Stella and Strongbow (magners perhaps)... It was enjoyed thoroughly!The steak was good... Not great, but good... It had a bit more gristle than I was expecting, but that happens sometimes with the particular cut I chose. It was tougher though than it should have been...The Mac and cheese was great, rich, creamy and steaming hot! The colcannon mashed potatoes however were not the greatest... and none to hot and unfortunately the waiter was gone long enough that it wasn't worth waiting to get it changed out for new stuff.... You know when mashed potatoes sit to long on a line and they get that over starched hardness... Think that, but cold, with mixed in cold uncooked cabbage and ham.  The rest of the meal went rather well... The atmosphere was a bit darker than I would have cared for.. In fact it was hard to see the stairs... I can deal with darkness in a restaurant at the table... But the stairs, is usually a good place to keep things rather well lit. MyVegas we behind on the viva launch and had only one POS terminal setup... As such my first receipt did not have a Viva code, I talked to the waiter about the program and he gladly reprinted my receipt on a terminal with the viva integration... Overall my experience was pretty good... However nothing I would write home about, and it was below my initial expectations... I personally would go there again and give them a second chance to see if things improve. Nothing scared me off...
4	I had a comp to spend at New York New York, so I spent it here. Food is good. Fun place to eat in Vegas. I was surprised that they didn't have a larger beer selection, though. It's also not as expensive as other similar restaurants. The decor was awesome; I'm not always a fan of thematic dining but it was charming and not over-the-top. Our server was very friendly. Colcannon mashed potatoes = heaven. Nice place to grab a beer and some decent Irish fare if you're hungry on the strip.
5	Great music. Great beer. Very fun spot. Fish and Chips are excellent. Shepard's Pie is also one of my favorites there.
4	Good place for a drink and very fun atmosphere. The beer was really good and ther service outstanding. I figured they would have more of a selection but thats okay it was still totally worth it. The food was better than expected too! I thought it would just be bar food but it was fantastic.
5	My first time experiencing this place was a very fun and memorable one. I had never been intimately involved with any one of Irish kin before so it was a new kind of culture I was being exposed to. There was an awesome band playing that night and the crowd and I were totally digging it. I also had a newfound love for cider which was all I drank when I came here. The upstairs bar and lounge area is really pretty in addition to the downstairs decor. It really feels like a true Irish pub. There was even a couple celebrating their marriage there that night and they were coming all the way from Ireland! And they were all smiling ear to ear so of course you know they should have great taste in an American Irish Pub. I didn't get to try any food, just had some drinks and enjoyed the music and danced all night. And lastly, might I say the best part of being here for me was falling in love.
5	A really truly fabulous restaurant.  Being in New York New York, it has a great old, casual pub feel.  I know they often do live Celtic music around 9PM.A group of us girls went here after a day of shopping and walking about on Fremont St (Old Vegas).  We started by ordering four Irish car bombs to celebrate our weekend in Vegas.  Our waiter was incredibly accomodating and friendly.Between the four of us, we ordered:- Beer & Cheese Dip- Steamers- Grilled Salmon Salad- Shepherd's Pie- Herb Crusted Goat Cheese Salad- A Nightly Special: Crusted Snapper (?)I personally had the Shepherd's Pie, which was beautifully served in a pail.  The food was very good and decently priced (for Vegas).Overall, I would definitely come again.  The atmosphere was casual and relaxing and the food was superb!
4	My boyfriend and I ordered the tomato salad and the bread and cheese for appetizers. I wasn't all that excited over getting the tomato salad. I even happily enjoyed the bread and cheese for a good five minutes before even taking a bite of the tomato salad. But I was more than pleasantly surprised by the tomato salad. It was SO DELICIOUS, I wished I ordered one just for myself. The bread and cheese was delicious, as well. Whatever they're doing to make that cheese, they're doing it right.I also ordered the fish and chips. Pretty good, but I honestly liked the chips better than the fish.My boyfriend ordered the shepherd's pie. He liked it a lot. I ate a bite or two and really liked it! I would have had more if I wasn't so stuffed from everything else.Service was nice, polite, and quick.
3	This was the first place I ate in Vegas after the long flight from the Baltimore area. I met up with some coworkers to enjoy a dinner together before they head back east. The bread and cheese appetizer was outstanding. It came with a nice sample of various breads and the cheese was quite tasty. I also ordered the shepherd's pie. For an $18 entree, I would have expected a larger quantity of food and for it to be more flavorful. It wasn't terrible by any stretch, but it just was surprisingly bland. The ambience was really cool to me. We sat in the upstairs portion in a booth that felt secluded from the rest of the guests -- like we had our own private dining space. The server was very friendly and accommodating but the service itself seemed a little bit slow-paced for my liking. All-in-all, I thought this was an ok dining experience, but wouldn't go out of my way to be a repeat customer.
5	God I love this place! Black and tans and shepherds pie, really make the perfect night for me!
1	Horrible pour of a Guinness pint! Glasses are not branded and the they didn't even tilt the glass, plus no one is Irish who works there...!
5	I'm not normally a potato soup fan, but on the recommendation of a friend I tried it.  Wow!  It was fantastic!  You have to try it.  My mother makes bread pudding which I really like.  I've tried it in restaurants on occasion, but it's never very good - too dry or the texture is just off.  So also on a recommendation of a friend, I tried the bread pudding here.  They make it in a cup and dump it upside down on a plate in front of you.  This was the best bread pudding I've ever had.  I've also had salads and brauts there and have never been disappointed.  I'm looking for an excuse to go again.
4	Very good authentic Irish restaurant on the strip. i can't seem to find one around the Pomona valley in LA. So this one will do. Great Shepherd's Pie and Irish Stew by the way.
5	You need the beer and cheese dip.  Great beer selection, including a few tables with built in taps for Guinness and Harp; you just swipe your card and serve yourself.  Too legit!
5	I am giving this restaurant 5 stars because it is an excellent value for your money.  The atmosphere closely resembles a traditional Irish pub with dark wood paneling, dim lighting and wood tables.  We started our meal with the beer and cheese dip, which was outstanding.  I actually hate beer, so I wasn't expecting to enjoy this appetizer, but it was incredible.  We also ordered the drunken onion rings, which were quickly consumed by our group.  I ordered the horseradish crusted sea bass for my entree and loved every bite.  My friend who ordered the New York steak encrusted with blue cheese said that it was the best steak he had ever eaten.  Our server was right there when we needed her and answered all of our questions about the menu.  Typically one does not think of fine dining when one thinks of Irish cuisine, but I can't say enough good things about the food and atmosphere at Nine Fine Irishmen.  We spent about $40 per person including beer and cocktails, which I felt was an excellent value.  Highly recommended!
4	If Disneyland created an Irish pub, it might be this nice. This is apparently an authentic Irish pub (supposedly built in Ireland, then imported). The interior is fun, festive and authentic. There is often a live Irish music. When we were there the band was excellent. The website lists times with live music. The food is very good. All of the entrees were perfectly prepared. Even though the meat cuts were not of the same caliber of some local steak houses, I think they were actually better prepared than many others. The sides are simple and true to tradition. Buttered peas (peas with butter), creamed corn (corn with cream, simple and not overdone), the mashed potatoes were smooth with shallots and garlic mixed in. The quality seems consistent across the menu. My only complaints are that the music is too loud for conversation (most people seemed happy though) and the wait staff were more South American than Irish (though friendly and attentive).  Nine Fine Gentlemen is like an oasis in a desert of invented chef restaurants. Yes, this was invented too, but they got this one right.
4	I really enjoyed the atmosphere they were able to create, it's a very spacious 2 story Irish pub in the midst of the gaudy New York New York casino in Las Vegas.  Though it does seem somewhat artificial, like a corporate themed restaurant that hired customer insight specialists to put together what the mass consumer beer drinking target demographic would expect in an Irish themed bar, that doesn't mean it doesn't appeal to the average party of gastropub going fans.  Besides you're in Vegas, who goes to places to scrutinize every detail anyway?  I was seated upstairs in a semi-private table corner, as the bar was full and a local Irish 4 person band was playing to the delight of the crowd.  The hostess took me upstairs and pointed out the 9 busts of heads, who I think were the owners of the restaurant.  There was a whole description of them somewhere in the menu or on the side, but I didn't bother to read it.  They have an excellent selection of beer and cocktails, which would have been seriously disappointing if they didn't.  For the appetizers, they had a whole selection of standard gastropub food and then some.  If I lived here, I could see myself coming in and trying out their meat pies or sausages just as a meal in itself or as accompaniments to beer.  But since I wanted to try something different, I opted for the beer and cheese dip.  It was interesting, they serve it with different types of bread, which gives it a variety of textures.  The dip itself is a combination of 4 cheeses, which blended into a cheesy, salty range of flavors.  It was good, but after 3 or 4 bites I had enough.  Something about mixing that many cheeses together didn't sit well with me and I opted for munching on the breads sans cheese instead.For the main dish I had the shepherd's pie, which is one of my favorite things to eat.  They make it ok here, the whipped potato on top was light and fluffy and the ground beef (which makes it cottage pie actually) underneath was flavorful and hearty.  I would definitely recommend the dish and one of their stouts to wash it down.  Looking at other tables, I want to come back and try their chicken pot pie.  Service was really good too.
4	The construction going on right now (I visited during May of 2013) is a little annoying, but it doesn't take away from the restaurant/bar as a whole.  During a trip with friends to NYNY over Memorial Day weekend, we spent 3 consecutive afternoons at 9 Fine having some beers and an appetizer before dinner.  It was time well spent.  The bartenders are friendly and have good stories.  There are the usual beers you would expect at at Irish pub, and they get them to you quickly.  For appetizers, the beer n cheese dip is a must.  It's a lot of dip made with Smithwick's and served with several types of bread for dipping.  Just fantastic, we easily finished it.  The onion rings were not as big of a hit.  There are quite a few to an order and they are served with a good spicy mustard.  But, they need seasoning, we had to really salt them.  Overall, the dish was just flat.  I don't know how they did it, but they almost create a put atmosphere that makes you forget you are in a huge casino.  It's a fun place, and if you can get a seat at the bar, don't give it up without some thought, it will be gone quickly...
4	My wife and I always visit this place when we come to Vegas. My wife is half Irish and really loves this place. Music is always good and the crowd always seems to have fun. The different selections of beers makes this place great. Atmosphere is great.      I recommend a visit if you want to relax with a few beers and music. It does get crowded late at night and its hard to find a seat but if you're ok standing, then it's no problem. Sometimes they have a cover charge.
4	The Nine Fine Irishmen is located in the New York New York Hotel and Casino on the Vegas strip.  We stopped by during happy hour for beer and appetizers. Everyone at our table went with the Guinness, but my husband got a Black & Tan and I ordered a Celtic Breeze cocktail since I'm not a huge fan of beer.  The Beer N' Cheese Dip appetizer and Brie platter were great (can you really go wrong with cheese?).  The atmosphere and decor was super fun, maybe a bit artificial, but isn't everything in Vegas a little artificial?
2	Delicious food, but worst table in the house. If it seems like you're in a hallway, ask to move. Service was just okay. Fairly expensive.
5	Everyone told me Vegas has great food. On a recent trip I did not experience anything close to great until our stumble into Nine Fine Irishmen.  Literally felt like I stepped into a slice of Ireland. this place felt so cozy, i wanted to sit and stay awhile.Service was superb the entire time, our waitress was a doll.   Started off with an appetizer of the Beer n' cheese dip.  Assorted breads complete with a cheese dip infused with Smithwick's Irish Ale.  One of the best cheese dips I have ever had, I could have had this as my meal (with all the carbs I inhaled, I probably should have) OH well, when in Vegas! :)For lunch I got the Corned Beef Sandwich.  Corned beef was chopped up in bit sized pieces making this the easiest corned beef sandwich to eat.  Corned beef was piled high and falling out the sides, i had the bacon mayo topped this baby and it was a big hot delicious mess that I enjoyed every second of. I could not move mind you after this entire experience, but ohhh it was so worth it.  Next time I am in Vegas, this will surely be on my to do list again. DELICIOUS!
3	Had the Fish and Chips as well as the Chicken Pot Pie.  Portions were large and ambience fun, yet the price for the fish and chips seemed a bit high for their mediocre quality.  Just good, nothing special.  The Chicken Pot Pie however was wonderful and very worth the 21$ price tag.  Covered with a rich and flakey puff pastry, this steamy stew could be the favorite of any regular here.
5	Fabulous all the way around! Ambiance feels authentic like you have just walked in an old Irish pub!Complete with live music! Ordered a salad fresh quality and different in a good way!  Best soup ever is the Colcannon soup! OMG I will be craving this the rest of my life! Fabulous service and laid back crowd!
5	Though I strongly disliked Las Vegas in general, I loved this very authentic Irish pub. As someone who has spent time in Ireland, I didn't feel that it was as gimmicky as many American pubs. The food was AMAZING. My dad and I had the tomato salad and the shepherd's pie. So good!  I also had a pint of Magners, which is not that easy to find here in the states. If you're looking for a great place to eat, head here!
5	A good time out.This is an Irish pub style restaurant/bar which has live music starting around 9 pm.  We've never gone their for the food but they have a variety of British/Irish beers and 4 varieties of both Jameson and Bushmills whiskey (they had other whiskey but I could make out the labels).  Its a fun place with a pretty good house band playing music (they had sports on a Screen put up on the stage before the band started).  I've never been there to eat but this is such a fun place that I can't help but give it 5 stars.
4	Located inside the New York New York Hotel and Casino, my bf recommended this place for dinner after having tried it during his last trip to Vegas.The food here was excellent. Unfortunately they have (loud) live entertainment nightly and the people were jiggin'. Usually I'm all about live music and dancing but it's not ideal when you're looking to have a nice dinner and in the mood to chat. It was really difficult to hear anyone talk, even our server.We started with the baked brie and I felt like a kid ordering this for my entree but I ordered a side of mac 'n cheese for dinner. The baked brie was tasty served with a balsamic reduction and the accompanying lavosh crackers were really good. The portion was a bit small to share comfortably among 3 people but it was a great starter. The mac 'n cheese here was wonderful. It was the picturesque unadulterated mac 'n cheese that I love and yearn for. A perfect crusty and cheesy top with an ooey-gooey cheesy sauce and elbow macaroni underneath. I ate the whole side and I was plenty full.For dessert, the bf ordered the drunken whiskey apple cake. The caramel sauce on the plate was killer! The warm cake with the cool ice cream was just divine. A nice way to finish off the meal.Our server was very playful and I couldn't tell if it was fake or real but he had an Irish accent which gave the place even more of a authentic Irish pub feel. All in all, homey, Irish comfort food that sticks to your ribs - yum!
5	For Vegas, this place is a great deal, and a splurge to boot.  The happy hour prices are very reasonable, although happy hour is only at the bar.  We went a couple times for HH and once for brunch. Beer selection is good, food was great. We splurged on the cheese deep and the fried sausages. Breaded and fried sausages, with a creamy mustard sauce to dip! They were absolutely delicious and probably put me close to cardiac arrest. Only in Vegas!The brunch was also excellent; I had the full English breakfast which was a nice selection of different things to try. I don't think I'll eat blood pudding again, but I was glad I tried it.  The sandwiches got rave reviews as well. Definitely recommend trying this place, especially if you stay at NY NY.
4	The food and service was great! We especially enjoyed Rich and his right-on recommendations. The atmosphere is very relaxed. I will recommend the restaurant to friends.
5	Love love LOVE this place! There are plenty of good eats in Vegas, but this place is a top five stop for me when we're in town! The hostesses are SUPER nice and sweet and the servers are great. The gentlemen behind the bar are so fun to be around making the experience that much better! The decor is also great and pretty darn authentic if you ask me! I couldn't stop looking around. Great beers on tap and a great menu!  I enjoyed a Newcastle, and they also had Guinness, Harp and a few other delicious beers on tap in addition to a long list of bottled beers and other spirits. I wanted to try EVERYTHING on the menu but obviously couldn't do that. So we started with onion rings that are soaked first in their Bloody Mary mix and then battered, fried and served with their spicy mustard... YUM! My friend had a Corned Beef sandwich and I enjoyed my sandwich (which I sadly can't remember the name of) but it had large slices of beef, peppers, spicy mustard and some beer-cheese sauce on it... DELICIOUS! Stop here while you're down on the strip, it's in NY NY. I'm ready to go back NOW!
5	I went here alone while my husband played in a poker tournament. I got a nice little table in their patio thing that is right next to the slot machines in the casino so I could people watch. I started off with the baked Brie. It was so good. Loved the cherries giving it a nice sweetness. It comes with little sliced baguettes. For dinner I got the shepherds pie.  It comes out in a little bucket which was awesome. This was so so tasty. I walked a ways to get here after reading the yelp reviews, so I was very happy that the prior positive reviews were right. The staff was super friendly as well. I would definitely recommend this place.
4	Great ambience and great friendly service. Food is pretty ok too if you want some grub to go along with your drinks.
5	My wife and I recently returned from another visit to Las Vegas.  We were again extremely pleased with the atmosphere and staff of the Nine Fine Irishmen Pub.  It is unfortunate that Jose does not work at the pub at this time, but Martin still does and this time we met Alan and Tony.  All were professional yet social.  On entering the pub, it is what one would expect if entering a pub in Ireland.  With no video poker machines in the place, it opens the door for friendly conversation between patrons as well as staff.  We didn't eat there this time, but they have changed the menu some and it looks to be for the better.  Thank you and we will return on our next visit.
4	Yes.  Yes yes yes.  When walking around the New York New York casino waiting for the doors to open for Zumanity, we popped into this place for some pints of Guinness.  Live Irish music was being played and they performed some songs I requested.  It reminded me of my favorite Irish pubs I've been to in and outside of Ireland.  For a few minutes I forgot I was in Vegas.  This was a great find.  We didn't have any of their food, but I will definitely be willing to come back here and eat here some time!
3	This place needs some work, but I'm rating it on the food and drink which were sublime. It's in New York, New York right off of the casino floor. When we got there, no hostess, I walked in and walked around confused for a while. Finally I walked back out and two ladies were positioned at the hostess stand. The hostess was pretty pompous and cold, standard issue "I'm doing you a favor by you being here..." eastern european from what I can tell, if you're going to be rude, at least be native to the theme of the restaurant, LOL!OK great, she gets us a table in the pub area. No one comes around, I walk up to the bar. Pretty cool barman tells me he'll send some one over and some menus too. Finally a slow clueless but somewhat friendly waitress comes over, I ask her about the menu, she kind of stares back like she doesn't know what I'm talking about. I order a pint of the black stuff and ask for another minute. Not a lot of Irish happenin on this menu. One lamb stew, one clam dish (with a tomato broth??) it's not that enticing. I order the clams and proceed to drink. The pogues come on the jukebox and I start drinking more and more then the food comes, WOWWWWW, the clams are out of this UNIVERSE, and I usually prefer mussels, this were a revelation. People were probably staring at me like I was a pig... annnnnd I am. Had a bite of the wings (why are they on this menu???) but there were DELISH!!! I had a convo w/ the barman and said hey man, you've got beautiful fresh guinness on tap, a chef/cooks that clearly know what they're doing, and this staff (aside from him) that don't seem to be at all focused on the people or the theme of the place and a really dumb menu. Get it together! Oh and you have to have a deeper scotch selection, Irish Whiskey is good, but you HAVE to have a full whiskey bar w/ bourbon and scotch in an Irish restaurant. This place could be sublime, but not quite there....
5	This place is fabulous - prices are reasonable, drinks are great, the venue itself is unique. My mouth is still watering remembering our meal there. Our server was the best we experienced during our whole Vegas stay.
3	Beer n cheese dip. Fried sausage. $6 each happy hour 2-5
4	This place has the best onion rings in Las Vegas !!! They are gigantic and I'd recommend it. One order is enough to be shared with two people. It is fried to perfection. I also recommend the buffalo wings but get the sauce on the side. It is definitely one of the best in Vegas. It is cooked right, the skin is very crispy which I like.
5	From the atmosphere to the employees this place is great! Drinks aren't as stiff as if they were made at a bar by the house but still packs a punch. My wife recommends the Michael Collins. Prices are a little high but again, Vegas. The music is fantastic and for the most part they will play anything you request. Don't be cheap either. The Irish step dancer is phenomenal. The food is a must as well. Had their cheeseburger and it was tip top! Have had other food of the menu as well and all was great. If you haven't been here its a must stop. Great for any night of the week as well. Cheers!
1	I hate this place. Terrible service and dining experience. Hostess that doesn't really want to be there. Waitresses overburdened with vast real estate. Managers not paying attention and the food was subpar. Chicken pot pie was tiny and way undercooked.
4	A 'typical' Irish pub, and I mean that in a good way. We went here for a late evening snack, the place was quite crowded, but we managed to get a table upstairs. Once seated we got quick and very friendly service. We had chicken wings, nothing very exotic, but they came quick and tasted very good. All the time we were seated we got super service from the staff. A band started to play Irish music downstairs, so after the chicken wings we went down to see the band. And they were really good, playing a mix of Irish folk songs, Irish rock classics and other rock tunes played in an Irish sort of way. Nice! The atmosphere in the pub was genuinely good, and we totally forgot that we were inside a hotel in Las Vegas.All in all, this is a place I would like to come back to, anytime.
4	Decor - 4Service - 5Presentation - 5Taste - 3I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. We were sat almost immediately. I love that is live music playing, i just feel the dining area shouldn't be right next to it.  It was very difficult to have a conversation at our table, we were almost yelling at each other just to talk.   The food was okay, nothing special, nothing bad. Our server was really nice and answered all our questions. He even helped a little with doing something for the birthday boy.
5	Somehow I missed reviewing this restaurant while we were in Vegas. These are the notes I made on this place afterwards. As you can tell we definitely had a good time and enjoyed our drink immensely since I couldn't remember what we ate. I do remember that the food was fantastic, though.I cannot tell you much about what we had here- it was good. The atmosphere was top notch. The drink was just fine. We would eat here if it were at home. The place packs out. We definitely enjoyed ourselves while we were here.
4	This is a very authentic Irish restaurant / pub. The food was outstanding, I had the NY strip steak and the roasted asparagus. Hands down one of the best steaks I've ever eaten and I washed it down with a black and tan, which was absolutely delightful. I would go there again, I would recommend it to a friend, and I would most certainly get the NY strip steak again!
5	5 stars for Tony "Chicago", our fabulously awesome bartender!! The GM was very nice and has promised to change one of the two Guinness clocks to count down the Guinness Toast, as currently they are both wrong. In an effort to keep a 5 star rating, for the Nine Irish Men, please check in with them regarding the clocks when you come to New York New York casino for a pint. (Ask for Chicago "Tony")
5	Nine Fine was one of the best meals I have ever had! I had the filet and shrimp and it was delicious! They also have live music at night which I didn't get to see but if the atmosphere is as amazing as dinner I will definitely be back.
5	Very good! Had the fried sausage and mustard dip as an appetizer and it was really good. The Guinness mustard is delicious and a different taste than normal mustard. Very good. As my main course I had shepherd's pie. It is the best shepherd's pie I have ever had and it was a huge portion. Another person in my group had chicken pot pie and it was also very good. It is a tomato based broth, which I have never had. It was surprisingly very good. I would order that again!As "desert" I had an Irish coffee (Jameson and coffee) and someone in my group had a "mini Guinness" which is a shot that is 75% Kahlua and 25% Irish creme. It was really good!
4	Looking for a light meal to hold us over.... Made it just in time for happy hour. Happy hour prices reasonable for the strip and food was good . We had the beer and cheese bread dip and wings. Atmosphere was fun.
5	One of the top places to eat at New York New York in my opinion. Awesome service,  atmosphere, entertainment........ and of course lets not forget about the food! I still dream about the NY Strip Steak I got when I was there because it was one of the best steaks I have had hands down. Prices are very reasonable and they even offer live music.A must go to at New York New York you wont regret it I promise!
1	Awful will never go back staff was rude and bartenders were ghosts each time we wanted drinks they were gone! The best was when they charged a cover to get in and we went up stairs and sat down and they they closed the upstairs...REALLY I am paying to sit here! STAY AWAY!!! let this place die!
5	We ate here early on a Friday before the Zumanity Cirque show.  Atmosphere and service were spot on and the food was wonderful.  The potato & leek soup was scrumptious.  My husband liked his baked brie but I wasn't wild about the cherry relish on top.  The lamp stew was fabulous.  And the desserts: bread pudding and toffee cake were 'lick the plate' good.  This was one of our favorite meals in Vegas, food-wise.
5	Had Dave as a bartender and he recommended the nachos with corn bead to start with. It was very unique and great. Very pleased and great service.
4	Thank goodness one of my company's sponsors footed the bill for dinner here. We ate and drank ourselves silly. Service was good, especially considering the size of our large group. A few delights worth repeating:Cheese Dip AppetizerMac N CheeseGoat Cheese PotatoesRack of LambNFI is good but there are probably better restaurants to make a destination in Vegas.
4	I hadn't been to this place in over five years, but ended up here on the last night of my most recent trip to Vegas. My husband and I were hanging out with two British guys I had met at the pool and convinced them that Coyote Ugly was not worth the money. They are glad we did because they loved Nine Fine Irishmen! We all had a great time dancing to the live band who did covers and classic Irish songs, as well as chatting with the other patrons in the bar that night (it was not super crowded since it was a Tuesday). I really do believe that people who go to Irish pubs are some of the friendliest people around! A round of four beers with tax and tip ran me about $40 which was not too bad in my eyes since we were getting Guinness, Harp, and Smithwicks.This is a great stop if you are at or near the NY-NY Hotel and want a casual, laidback evening in a bar with live music.
4	Front / outside under construction but get to the back/ outdoor bar. Not too many TVs there but it is more relaxed than the "we are trying too hard to be an Irish pub" feel attracting the masses to the main part of this bar. Food is good. Loved Cameron the bartender. Friendly, attentive, good guy.
2	Reading the reviews on Yelp, I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately, it did not live up to my expectations. Bottom line was that the food was great (I had salmon), but my party of 2 waited almost an hour for our meal and it wasn't even really busy. Our server was not very attentive either. Would probably not go back given all of the other options in Vegas.
4	Very good service and food. However the band played some kind of weird form of Irish music. I had the chicken pot pie. My friends had the fried sausages, a steak and the Irish stew. We had the Irish nachos as starter and added the corn beef topping. If you are at New York, New York this is good choice.
5	I was here in 2008 with my gfs and remembered the bar.  I went back this October and made (a different) girlfriend go.  Great beer and whiskey selection.  I love the ambiance and culture of the pub.  The pub was packed for the Irish band.  I just love this place.
3	Started out well with a very nice hostess. The waitress took over 10 minutes just to acknowledge us. We ordered the Baked Brie appetizer and it arrived with the Brie in the pastry not hot, barley warm and cold in spots. The cheese was  solid and not melted. We would have sent it back but our waitress disappeared! Two of us ordered the chicken pot pie that was highly recommended. It arrived beautifully plated with a huge golden puff pastry on top. The interior was a different story. There was hardly any chicken and what there was was tough. The potatoes were hard and not cooked.  For $21 not worth the money.
4	I love this place. The food is always delicious if a bit on the rich side. The servers tend to be bubbly and helpful, the ambiance is is entertaining and lovely, and the entertainment is lively.There is a special place in my heart for their Irish nachos and their chicken pot pie. We shared one meal with two sides and an appetizer amongst three of us and we all left more than satisfied. I highly recommend dropping in if you want to avoid those dissapointing buffets Vegas is known for.
2	Got the beer cheese dip because I saw it recommended here and was not impressed. Tasted like it was half velveeta with mozzarella melted on top, served with some pre-made breadsticks reminiscent of the Olive Garden and some crackers. Beers were $8 a pint for non-craft beer... That may be normal in the strip, but as a Portlander I was appalled.
5	We went here for dinner for our cousins the last night we were in Vegas and it was amazing!  I wish we would have came here the first night so we could eat there again before we had to leave.  The service was great, Brian was Irish and very friendly.  He recommended the cheese dip and the chicken pot pie and both were to die for.  A really fun place to go and eat with yummy dishes that are big enough to share.  We will for sure come back every time we go to Vegas.  A must go to!!!
4	This place was fun! The atmosphere was great. Service was fantastic!I tried the Shepherds pie with cheese on top. It was tasty and a good portion.I also had the Irish Nachos, which were good, but I prefer them from my local pub where they use real cheese and bacon instead of chicken and fake cheese sauce.Asparagus was delicious and a great compliment to all the heavy fried stuff!Mac and cheese was tasty but in all truth- could have used more cheese! Let's highlight the star of the dish people!I'm definitely coming back!
2	Service was terrible.  Wait was horrific even for Vegas.  The entire staff was very rude and we are experienced dinners from So. Cal.  We will never return here and we have eaten here before two separate times. I don't know what has happened here.  Couldn't recommend it. Fix your helps attitudes towards customers.
4	We wanted good food and that's what we got! The service is friendly and the decor is nice. Plus at 9pm there's live music. I ordered the beer cheese dip with assorted breads... sooo good! I think there chicken pot pie must be good because the table next to me was raving about it. I got the shepherds pie since the waiter preferred it. It was tasty without a doubt but something tells me the chicken pot pie is the real winner there with a creamy tomato base and fluffy pastry topping. It's large portions there so sharing an appetizers is recommended.
2	Really wanted to like this place as we love pubs, but didn't have a great experience.Went around 10:00 on a Saturday when it wasn't too crowded yet, but our service was really slow. The food wasn't especially good, not awful, but just tasted a little off in one way or another. For the price, we all expected better. The bright spot was the colcannon soup which two people in our group got and loved. The "Dubliner" martini sounded interesting, but turned out to be a very run of the mill, too sweet appletini.We were especially bitter when the bill came and included a 20% "entertainment tax" despite the fact that we were seated in the back and couldn't even see the band. We probably would have eaten elsewhere if we had known it would end up being so expensive.
3	Food was good, service was bad. Had to wait over 10 minutes just for menus. Food took a long time and when we ask how much longer the waiter replied this is not Mc Donald's very rude. I won't be going back.
4	Been here for the music, but this was our first time to eat and we were pretty happy. I'd read the reviews, so we knew how popular the Beer and Cheese Dip was and it did not disappoint. It was just very filling, so we didn't get to eat nearly as much of our lunches as we wanted. I opted for the chicken pot pie and my husband got the irish cheesesteak. My pot pie was a little strange with a tomato broth, but it was overall very tasty. My husband didn't like the sauerkraut on his sandwich, but was happy other than that.  It was pretty quiet when we went at 11:15am on a Monday, so service was perfect and our food came out very quickly. I would definitely go back. I wanted to get dessert, but we were way too full.
3	It's an Irish pub. Frankly, it's a lot like most Irish Pubs. The vibe, atmosphere, menu, drink offerings, etc. are pretty standard and mimic what you'd likely find in any other Irish pub. So I don't particularly find anything special about this place. But that said, my parents love it and always want to go here when they visit. That could be because they don't get out often and there's a lack of Irish pubs where they live. What is great about this spot is the bartenders. I usually have the same one and he is just awesome - very friendly and attentive.
3	Came into here for a team dinner.We were greeted with a smile and seated promptly.The hostess was very friendly talkative as we walked to our table upstairs.We started off with the nachos with flat iron steak. It was really good and I was very impressed with how tender the steak was.Two of the people in our group order the pot pie and it looked amazing.I got the tomato salad. The balsamic vinegar was a bit overwhelming, but the cheese and tomatoes were very good.My only complaint is I think our waiter was having a rough day. He didn't seem like he wanted to be at work and seemed irritated when he saw we needed refills.I will definitely be back to give it another shot as the food was very good.
3	Meh. I thought the menu would be bigger. Nice music after 9 P.M. - fun atmosphere.
4	Recommended by one of my BFFs as a must stop, I am in love.  Love me some Guinness and the decor is amazing!  I would highly recommend getting a shot of Jamesons with your beer since it's only additional $5.19 after tax for the shot and the beer is almost $8.  Hey, if getting a good buzz is what you are after, get that shot since it's not super expensive considering we're in Vegas. Live music every night after 9 pm and happy hour is only from 2p-5p.  No late night happy hour here. I will for sure come back for more Guinness!!!
5	We had two meals here during our recent trip to Las Vegas, so I'm covering both in this one review.Thanksgiving Lunch:Having a good Thanksgiving Lunch was important to us, we're usually the ones hosting it at our house, this year the wife and I decided to escape to Vegas, but we like our holiday meals and it had to be a good one.If you read another review, you'll know another place in the New York New York Hotel messed up our reservation, this became our back up plan - in reality I think we actually lucked out here.  Not only did we get straight in on Thanksgiving Day with NO reservation, we were immediately seated and assigned one of the most friendly and bubbly servers who was very engaging in conversation and an absolute pleasure.  On top of that we had GREAT food so thank you Nine Fine Irishmen for coming to the rescue.Between us, we tried most items on the Thanksgiving menu!  They had both turkey based and ham based main dishes, so we got one of each and traded back and forth.  They were both amazing.  The chowder soup starter was literally to die for, and the bread pudding desert - well if I wasn't in utter ecstasy eating it and making sure I got "my share" before the wife did I may have written down all the adjectives I wanted in my phone as notes for my subsequent review.  I almost just said, heck, forget the Blackjack tables, send us 4 of those to our room!  Suffice to say it was all eaten.  We're not generally people who get through entire deserts especially in a big meal like this, but we were not going to be defeated this time, and defeated we weren't!Breakfast:On a later day during out trip we decided to go back here for breakfast, after the Thanksgiving experience we wanted to try more and find out if it was as good in more general terms.Well my phone notes for breakfast start with "OMG, most awesome breakfast ever, corned beef and sausage WOW".  I think quite honestly I can use that without having to even add anything more or really edit.  It stands for itself and is exactly how I remember it!
5	It was the best bar we went to the entire trip in Vegas. The live Irish band with Irish dancer was fantastic and I wish we could have spent every night of our trip here. The bartenders were friendly and poured great drinks and the prices were very reasonable. My friends and I had a blast and will for sure make it a destination every time we are in las Vegas.
4	Its a pretty cool Pub to go to if your on the Strip. The atmosphere is totally casual, they have a live band, a professional tap dancer and their staff is very nice.
4	Nine Fine Irishmen is located inside of the New York New York Hotel. It's a nice, two-story Irish bar that serves all of the best whiskeys. They also have a pretty good selection of other alcohol. I came for an event and we were placed on the second floor. They have a large bar on the top floor and that night they were featuring three whiskeys. I can only remember two of them, but those two were Jameson and Bushmills. Both were great, but I think I'm just more used to drinking Jameson. They also had a large cheese platter and dessert platter. They had about 4 cheese to choose from and a couple sides that go along with the cheese. I really liked the one that was a mix of huge garlic, herbs, and oil. They also had several different types of grilled vegetables. They had about 8 different types of dessert and I was determined to try every single one. All of the desserts were small in size. I would say a couple bites worth each. Since I came for an event I'm not really sure if all the appetizers and desserts are on the regular menu, but I had a great time here and I would definitely visit again when I come with friends.
2	Chris wanted to go back to Il Fornaio but I wanted to try something new while we were away, big mistake. When we approached the podium the servers seemed confused, which I cannot find any reason for, you work at a restaurant we want to sit down....what's the mystery? They got it all worked out an sat us. There were bread plates on the table but no bread ever made it to us. Chris ordered the Lamb Stew. The broth/stock was excellent. The concept was good-clean simple flavors- but the execution was a miss for us. The lamb, carrots and potatoes were cut in chunks way WAY to big to fit on the spoon or eat in one bite. It is inconvenient to have to cut something in or bite into something from a soup. I ordered the salmon salad with the dressing on the side, but some other salad with pickles and chicken came out with the dressing on it. I didn't want to send it back so I just ate it. The dressing was light and tangy. It was a little too sour with the pickles. Actually the pickles in the salad were not good all together. We will be back this summer, staying in the Venetian and Nine Fine Irishmen will not be on our check list.
5	Love Love Love this place...first time we went was a week night and the music was amazing..got drinks super quick...the second time was a couple days before my wedding and tried the irish nachos...soo freakin good....wanted to drink the cheese in a glass...speaking of drinking i had this very sweet irish martini that was a desert in a glass...can not wait to go back!!!
4	Vegas has an incredible assortment of culinary adventures and this one is no exceptions. We went here on a Saturday night and although we had made a reservation we had to wait a little while.  In the end we didn't mind because of the live music. It adds to the festive atmosphere. The food: I had never really experienced Irish food, but the best explanation I could come up with was British food with extra flavor, so it was very delicious. The beer & cheese dip was amazing as was the crab cake. I ordered the chicken, which was a little dry and some bites were hard to get through. The mushroom and cheese cake that came with it was wonderful! Like a creamy and fluffy cheese muffin. Their drink selection was good, lots of good beers to choose from as well. Overall I will be returning there for sure!
4	My wife and I came in for a late dinner. The Irish nachos and live band were excellent! I'd recommend for anyone!!
5	Loved it! Food was amazing. We can actually compare this to Irish food because we have been there. We enjoyed the company of our server. If we weren't staying at the Paris, we probably would have ate here again while we were in Vegas.
4	Great food. It was nice to go to a restaurant and have the waitress know what's good on the menu. Her recommendations where on point. Try the Colcannon Soup and grilled salmon salad.
5	Slept through breakfast so came here starving for lunch.  Was really busy for a Saturday lunch so we got seated immediately.  Started with the beer cheese dip.  Didn't really taste the beer but the dip was pretty good.  My entree the Irish Banger was soooooooo good.  The sausage, mash potato, and mushroom sauce was just such a perfect combination.  Everyone on my table tried and said my dish was the best. #winning
5	One of my fav places in Vegas.  Great food. Great atmosphere and it's in NY NY holla!!   We decided to go on a bread and cheese overload. I love appetizers as a meal.  The beer and cheese dip is like you've died and gone to heaven.  Then add the baked Brie and you feel like heaven came to earth.   This place is tops.
5	really fun place to dine in Vegas and the food is superb!started off with the beer n cheese dip, which was phenomenal. my friends and i were basically scraping the bottom of the dish for more cheese. had the colcannon soup which was creamy and comforting. had crispy bacon pieces on top which gave it a nice contrast in texture and it's bacon- come on, it makes everything better.the fish and chips were also great. not too heavy with just the right amount of crunch. the portions are quite large, wish we didn't have to go out afterwards; would've loved to have taken some leftovers! a definite vegas must try!
4	Love the environment, live music and entertainment at night! Overall the service was pretty good! We had the New York Rib Eye with Grilled Asparagus and Garlic Mashed Potatoes. When in Vegas I will come again!
3	Met a few friends here for drinks and appetizers my choice Smithwick's Ale served ice cold, bangers, fried sausages with some awesome mustards and some fried pickles not a bad way to start the night and it was going to be a long one it's Vegas right. I go to a lot of Irish Pub this was more about location than about the food. We didn't do dinner here but really enjoyed the place for what it is. It is a very popular venue so apparently they are doing it right. I would definitely come back. The beer was excellent as was the apps!
3	The best thing about this place is the decor and we enjoyed the music.  My party had several items, some great and some marginal ... so a mixed bag.  The best things we ordered were the Rib Eye, the Horseradish Crusted Mahi Mahi, the soup that .. um, starts with a C ... and has leeks and stuff in it, and the beer cheese dip appetizer.  Neutral opinion on the garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus, but they were less than half eaten between the three of us.  We did not at all like the chicken pot pie ... the crust was awesome and pretty, but the pot pie part ... erm .. maybe it was just an off day, but the potatoes and carrots were well undercooked for a pot pie and I couldn't eat them (and I'm not picky).  The sauce in it was OK and the chicken and peas were ok, but other than that I sent a lot of it back when I would have still liked to eat.  With one drink apiece and three people, the bill was over $150  .. a little steep considering Outback would have been better.
4	Love the atmosphere. The place has rugby/soccer on the screen while you eat till 9 when it turns into live music. Had the Irish nachos which was awesome. I highly recommend it with a black velvet. When I come back to Vegas I will stop here.
2	I don't drink. Going into a loud bar with a bunch of drunks is just not my style.  So, unfair to them, I wasn't a fan.  Having said that, my friends are a bunch of drunks, so I usually come here with them.  Good Irish bands, if that's your thing, and a lively place.  It's a fire hazard due to the wall to wall overcrowded place.  Perhaps I should drink and loosen up.
1	I would love to review this place's food, but the hostess was so unbelievably RUDE that I immediately left with a group of co-workers after a 10 hour day at CES. That's how bad it was.The hostess's name badge said "Martiza from El Salvador". I could care less where she's from, but hopefully someone from Nine Fine Irishmen will read this, be able to identify her, and at bare minimum send her back to customer service training.We were running about 15 minutes late for our 7:30PM reservation. (HELLO, it's trade show season in Vegas -- it happens.) So, I called into Nine Fine Irishmen, and let them know. I was told on the phone, "No problem, we'll push the reservation back to 7:45PM."We arrived at 7:45PM on the dot. The hostess, Martiza, looked at our names and said, "You're late, so you'll have to wait." I informed her that I had the reservation pushed back. Her boss came over and said, "It's OK, I've got them." She was clearly irked, and started yelling as we walked away with him.After he took us upstairs, he said to please enjoy ourselves while we were seated. But, we couldn't find a seat, and no one came to seat us. I went back town to Maritza to say, "Where was your boss going to seat us?"Instead of telling us, she snottily yelled, "I TOLD YOU there's no seating.""Well, MARITZA, your boss said there was, and was trying to seat us," I reminded her, my patience running out."He doesn't do the seating charts, so he doesn't know. You're late, so we gave your table away. They're almost done, they're just finishing their drinks, so you'll be seated after they're done." So, let me get this straight. In the fifteen minutes we were "late" (which is almost always a window that a restaurant gives you anyway, not to mention I had changed the reservation), you managed to seat ANOTHER party of four, get them through drinks, dinner, dessert, and a final round of drinks.I don't think so. Martiza screwed up the seating chart, and then had the nerve to, instead of act like a classy, well-trained hostess, go on a pissy-pants party.Any REAL hostess with real training (particularly in a foodie town like Vegas) would have said something  "I'm so sorry, there is a little wait due to the rush with the trade show. Why don't you have a seat at the bar with a glass of wine or a beer on us, and we should be able to seat you in just a few minutes." If she had done that, we would have stayed, and gladly spent our company's food and drink allowance there.Instead, Maritza's horrible, entitled, condescending, and insulting tone and manner led all of us to decide to eat elsewhere. I said, "We've decided we don't want to eat here," and handed her back the reservations. A huffy "FINE," a slam of our menus down on her podium of stank attitude, and turning to gossip with another hostess (almost certainly about us) was her reply. We went to Il Fornaio (also in New York New York), were seated within 10 minutes without a reservation, and had a great meal with lovely and attentive staff. Kudos to them!I wouldn't step foot back in Nine Fine Irishmen as long as Martiza is a hostess. I hope that Nine Fine Irishmen takes a better look at their hosting and wait staff. There are so many places to eat in Las Vegas, and plenty other of wonderful Irish pubs (Ri Ra in Mandalay Bay, for one). Customers don't need diva attitude!!!
1	"This pub has always been a favorite for us. Unfortunately this trip to the pub was extremely disappointing. We waited over an hour for our food. The crab cake appetizer came out promptly, but it was one crab cake I would expect it to be fast. We had a table of six,  I would say only two of the dinners were acceptable. Out of our orders the pot pie had a good review along with the fish and chips. They were both very good. The lamb that I had ordered medium rare came well done. The tomato salad my wife ordered came soggy and she was disappointed. The shrimp were over done along with the asparagus. Last but not least the salmon plate was ok, but that is a hard dish to please someone from the North West. We were credited the lamb for beand the chef credited the one crab cake. But unfortunately I would probably not eat there for a long time.
4	The food was good. The live music and dancing was very fun. A good environment and pleasant experience.
5	Loved the lamb and my wife was impressed by the rib eye. Usually we have something bad to say regarding what a restaurant considers medium-rare but they where dead on. I would love to go back here.
5	Wonderful food. Great service. Awesome Irish live music and Irish step dancer. Super atmosphere. Will come again!
4	While waiting for zoomanity ,we stumbled upon this gem . The atmosphere was great and the service was very friendly . I had the shepherds pie, not sure what to think about it being served in a bucket , but it was good ! Had a great time . The only negative was the need for a little more light . It was a little to dim to read the menu's at our age LOL
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas (at least, that isn't a buffet!) good food, decent enough drink selection, always been treated well by the staff.
2	The staff here would be very glad if you would kindly go away.  Waiting on people is a bore and a bother and they are quite tired of it.  The place is supposed to look like a pub, but it just looks like some American designer's idea of what a pub looks like for some pictures he once saw.  And the place is almost laughably false-looking.If the screechy music playing too loudly is typical Irish, it makes one wonder whether the Irish came to America to escape the potato famine or to get away from the music.
2	Good music, good beer and good fries. The fish in the fish and chips were almost impossible to eat. The service was not so good too.
3	Came in with my boyfriend and his parents. The server was great, she paid attention but  wasn't annoying.Our appitizer was great, Irish nachos, fantastic. I had the shepherds pie. it was ok. it was strange that it came in a bowl rather than a more casserole kind of dish but thats fine. My boyfriend had fish and chips. The cut of fish was WAY to thick. they had no flavor at all and the breading was burnt. the parents had irish soup which they seemed to like enough.for dessert, we had this chocolate ganache lava cake thing, the cake was extremely dry, like hard to get down dry.the coffee cake was AMAZING. I never would have guessed it was what it was. light fluffy and delicious!!!might try it again.... or maybe not.
2	This review if for the location in New York New York and this one is nothing like the Irish restaurant in Mandalay. The shepherds pie was literally like someone put in ground beef and carrots with mashed potatoes and no extra flavors. It was like something I'd make for my dog. Sorry. The creamed corn had no flavor whatsoever. It was so dull. The sodas for some reason were not carbonated. I had a sierra mist and I thought it was flat so I changed it to a coke. Same problem but I didn't want to complain and seem stuck up. I did however like the rack of lamb (med rare). It was perfect. WARNING! They do not come with sides, but when you do order a side item it is pretty big so its enough for two people to share. The hostess was very sweet. The server was nice but rarely checked up on us. Didn't get a refill either.I was looking forward to eating here all day hoping to get the same great taste I received at the Irish Restaurant in Mandalay Bay, but I was very disappointed. Hopefully when I eat at the other location tomorrow I wont be dissatisfied.TIP: It wasn't only my table that felt this way. When the bus boy came and asked us how was everything we told him our opinion on the food and he agreed. He said it was a new chef and they claim everything is the same as the Irish Restaurant at Mandalay but the other restaurant was  much better to his opinion too. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO TO THE OTHER IRISH RESTAURANT IN THE MANDALAY BAY SHOPPES!
5	This is a great, affordable place for a lunch or dinner on the strip - something that is delicious, will fill you up, and won't break the bank.  For $20 you can get a pretty generous serving of fish and chips, and a beer.  What else do you need??  Vinegar?  Tartar sauce!?  INCLUDED!The atmosphere here is pretty great too - it's a welcome escape from the lights and sounds.  It looks like they have a live band in the evenings, but during lunch time it was busy, but still reasonable volume, and quiet enough that you could just barely make out the vibrations from the roller coaster floors above.Stop in and tell them Dave sent you.  They won't know who I am, but maybe I can get a reputation there for the next time I'm in town.  I appreciate it.
3	Come here for the live music, not for the crappy service. I absolutely love love love the live music here. Irish inspired, room to dance (although it gets really packed), a live "river dancer" (she's so awesome!), and the band will take your requests if you leave a tip. Since it does get quite packed in here while the bands are playing, expect to be on your own as far as the service goes. We fared much better upstairs, watching the band from the balcony, and had better luck with our drink orders at the bar. Downstairs, I had absolutely no luck ordering a drink. I was fighting tooth and nail to get to the bar, and since I'm quite small, it was impossible to be seen by the bartender who continued to ignore me even though I was waving my cash around like a mad woman.
4	Charming Irish bar on the Strip! The atmosphere is really something else - if you close your ears to the sounds of the slot machines it really feels like you're in Ireland! The bar is gorgeous - with everything shipped in from Ireland, it's as authentic as you can get state side. So much so that I felt weird ordering car bombs, but the waitress didn't blink. The inside is very charming, the outdoor patio less so (but drinking outside in the sun is awesome). I ate here a few different times and the food is tasty (but expensive like everything in Las Vegas). The goat cheese salad was very good - fresh arugula, wonderfully caramelized onions, and amazing marinated tomatoes that really put the salad over the top. The Irish Nachos are quite good too and make a perfect bar snack. Beers are $7.50 which seemed a little much to me. And they charge an "entertainment tax" which was more than the sales tax...so remember your meal is going to cost like 40% more once sales tax, entertainment tax, and tip is added in.
2	If an entire order is lost in the kitchen for over an hour, you comp an item on the bill. This establishment apparently, doesn't care about return customers.
3	Good place, good atmosphere and decent crowd..... We were the st pats day so it was pretty rowdy, but a really clean scent place for an Irish bar
4	My birthday is on St. Patrick's Day so I thought this would be a good restaurant to have lunch in. We were seated at a perfect booth. I ordered the fish and chips and my guest ordered the Irish burger. My fish was in three cod balls that had been deep fried. They were very good. The fries were fresh cut potatoes and deep fried. The burger was big and came with Irish cheese. He said it was very good. The service was slow but the server was very nice.I would recommend this restaurant any day but especially St. Patrick's Day.
5	The food is awesome but you have to stay for the 9pm Irish Pub music show. Make sure you ask for a good table for viewing because such a thing is limited.
4	Have been to Nine Fine Irishmen in Las Vegas before, but this time it was just for cocktails and to enjoy the entertainment.  Just as I remembered, the music and dancing were great.  The pub type ambiance is fun in this forever crowded and popular place; sometimes there is only standing room at the bar.  Cocktails are fine, and expensive, as they are everywhere in this city.
4	Before heading back to LA, I wanted a good meal for the four and half hour drive - I wasn't planning to come here but as my mom and I roamed around New York New York...I asked her what she wanted to eat and she said something new - and when we passed by this place - I thought well she never had Irish food before might as well let her try it now. They weren't busy probably because it was only 11am - we got seated upstairs right by the second bar - when looking down there was another bar downstairs. As we were looking through the menu, our cheery and sweet waitress came by asking what we would like to drink - usually my mom likes orange juice but she wanted to try something new so I asked her to whip up some kind of fruit punch for us....whatever she mixed up was pretty good.The service was friendly and great but the food was equally as good. We ordered: the Beer Battered Onion Rings with spicy mustard to share - I usually don't like onion rings but ordered it cause my mom does - but I actually really liked these onion rings  - they were crispy and I didn't even need to dip into the spicy mustard - for the batter already had a good taste.I really like corn beef so I got the Corn Beef Sandwich on Marbled Rye with Cole Slaw as the side. The sandwich was tasty unfortunately the Cole Slaw lacked dressing. Maybe get it with the fries or potatoes would be better.My mom had the Irish Breakfast which came with Corn Beef Hash, Banger, Two Eggs, Potatoes and Toast. I actually had some and the corn beef hash was good and also really liked how they made the scrambled eggs. The portions were pretty big and we didn't finish any of the food and ended up taking it back home....and even after a 4 hour and half car ride my sandwich was still pretty good.Overall good service, good food - the only slight complaint was the price - for the two of us the bill out to be around $50ish and plus tip it was almost 60...that's pretty pricey for lunch in my opinion and we didn't even have beer or any alcohol.
3	The place is good. The quality and service is 4/5 stars but the value is pretty low. Unlike older reviews who thought the fish and chips were amazing value, this time they only served 2 small pieces of fish and fries. I asked our waitress about it and she said it used to be 3-4. If you are really hungry order the shepherds pie. It's quality over quantity, also on the pricey side for the size portions you get. $50 for 2 people and no drinks. Guinness is $7.50 on draught.
5	Nice happy hour deals. They are located inside the New York-New York hotel and casino. The food was real good had the fish and chips and the service was quick and friendly.
2	They don't have Jameson Black Barrel here :/ no accents... The Irish pub in Mandalay Bay is leaps and bounds better. Heading there after this first drink is done.
4	I've had dinner here a few times and have never had a bad meal. The fish and chips are very good, but a little pricey for just two pieces of fish ($24) and some fries. The tartar sauce is great, must be house-made (I usually do not like tartar sauce). My boyfriend had the Irish nachos with steak... quite possibly the best value there. I think it was $17, and the portion was more than he could finish for dinner. I don't know what's in that sour cream and beer cheese sauce, but it is wonderful! The live Irish band was LOUD! but played very well. Good times!
2	Good food, as far as I can tell since in 45 minutes we have only gotten our appetizer.So far, the only reason to come is to get $35 in free drinks.Stay away!
4	Awesome food for lunch! It was surprising that an Irish pub has such delicious offerings. Very nice outdoor patio with good shade for afternoon lunch! Good service. I will eat her definitely even as a local! Delicious food, outside patio is great and inside is a wonderland pub! I love this place go here! As a local or tourist, good job
3	Great atmosphere (in a Las Vegas-sort-of-way, of course) and the food is solid.  If there's no band, there are lots of cute cubbies to hang out and its fairly quiet and pretty private.  If there's a band, forget trying to make any conversation in there.Mac and cheese was great was herbed chicken with Boursin bread pudding (YUM).  The bloody Mary-soaked onion rings were fabulous (I wouldn't miss those if that's your thAng).  The only complaint I had was really service-related.  It was Sunday night (Easter, no less) and they told us it'd be a 1/2 hour wait at 8 PM.  We grabbed some drinks and hung out by ourselves with no servers on the back upstairs outdoor patio (which was a great little secluded spot).  However, after 40 minutes, we were finally seated.  The restaurant was 1/3 empty outside and several "reserved" tables for 4 were never filled the entire 2 hours we were there.  I hate that.
5	In Vegas for a week and this was my first dinner in Vegas last night.We had a table of 8 and I believe that everyone enjoyed their meals.  I had the Chicken Pot Pie, which had a very large and tasty pastry crust there was plenty of filling including big chunks of chicken.  I didn't really need my side of goats cheese mash as the pie was bigger than I thought.  I did manage to eat the mash though, and it was very nice.The service was fantastic, we received our meals quickly (but not too quickly, you understand), the waitress was very polite and attentive.
4	Great food.  Great music.  Great service.  Loved the fish n' chips- plenty for 2.  Wing appetizer good and so was shepherd's pie.  The band had my feet stomping and head bopping.  We ate there free compliments of a voucher redeemed through myVegas, but I'd definitely have no issue paying my hard earned $$ for this place.
4	I try to go this place every couple of trips to Vegas (because there are so many restaurants in Vegas). I've been with and without a band. I prefer no band, don't get me wrong I love live music, but this place is way to small and intimate. I like the subtlety of Irish music in the background, not so loud that you can't talk.  I usually have the halibut, which is AMAZING! the food is slightly pricey, if you don't have time to eat, at least stop in and have a beer or cocktail. Beautiful place!  Fish and chips are also yummy!
4	Food was great. I highly recommend the pot pie. Prices are a little high but that's to be expected on the strip.
5	The food was delicious! I had the BMT sandwich and my husband had the pot pie. The bacon on the sandwich was a bit salty but over all a good sandwich! The chicken pot pie was HUGE and super yummmy! Well worth the prices.
4	This place is in new York new York so without having to say, it's spendy!  But the beers there were awesome! I'm huge on black and tan combos and they had at least 6 or 7 from snakebites to half and halfs. I ordered the staple Irish meal, shepards pie...it was 20 bucks and I would say it's worth 7 or 8 max. Portion was a good size but after eating a legit Irish made shepards lie before it was no match. Plus they mounded probably a pound of cheese into it, way too much! Live music was fun but ten times louder than live music actually played in Ireland bars. Overall id give 3.5 since the beer was great.
4	I yelped this one and was not disappointed. We chose to sit outside which turned out to be great given the great weather we had. Service was great. Food was good. Lamb chops were plentiful and delicious. Shepherds Pie was also great, but not sure we would have ordered with cheese again. I had the fish special and thought they did a good job. Pricing was reasonable which is rare in Vegas. For our meals, drinks and tip, I think our total was under 150. We hung out outside for a little while and then went inside to enjoy the band. Band was great and crowd was fun. I will be coming back
4	Good service (not great)...  Salmon and fish & chips were both really good. Just not $70 good. They charge an "entertainment tax" which is strange since we sat in the casino area with no entertainment. Anyways.... Probably a great place for beer though, that just wasn't what we were doing tonight.
4	It's one of the best spots to visit in Vegas with great music, great beer and a fun time dancing.  The food is traditional pub choices, the servers are friendly, the Irish dancers on high tables are cool and not trashy or sleazy.  The music is stellar and the band is always into it, and I've stopped in about 5 times and have never been disappointed.
4	I've eaten here several times and have never been disappointed with the food or service. We ate in the bar area this past Memorial Day and were treated the same as if we had made reservations. Great service! I enjoyed my huge platter of Irish nachos - should've shared it with my husband. He had the bangers & mash. The bar area gets packed when the band starts to play but it's a good band and the vibe is very relaxed and fun. Expect higher prices because it's VEGAS and eat up! Also the beer selection is pretty good. ;)
2	I never thought I'd give this place a negative review. I've been coming here for years. Every time I come to Vegas I ALWAYS come here. So I just got here and ordered the traditional Irish breakfast. I was born and raised in Ireland so I know what to expect. So when I got the food I was very disappointed. You get half a sausage, half a piece of bacon. So many potatoes u don't know what to do with and even sweet potatoes. How's that Irish? Very disappointed! Anyway, if your expecting traditional Irish food - it's not here. It's catered to American tourists who don't know what Irish food is. The Guinness was great that's why I'm giving two stars.
5	Best service is Las Vegas this far. Great atmosphere. Would have loved to gone for live music but a great experience none-the-less. Lunch menu was a little pricey to us Texans but about average for Las Vegas. Appetizers range from $8-12. Meals mostly $12-20. We highly recommend beer cheese with the homemade chips and fried sausage. Shepard's pie was delicious and deep. Don't let the circumstance of the dish fool you. It's very filling even for an Italians appetite. :) fish and chips, tomato and cheese dish were also great. If you are in the area, definitely try it out.
3	We made a reservation because we had a group of 10. Because of our reservation we were seated upstairs. They thought we would be eating food because of our reservation which I guess screwed up their waiters. Once that was sorted out service improved and  we had some good Irish whiskey and Irish beer. There was also live Irish music. They were good but it took them a little while to get inspired it seemed. By making the reservation I think we avoided any cover charges which was good.The variety of beer was very good. I am unfortunately unable to comment on the food as we didn't eat here.
5	How did they get an authentic Irish pub smack dab in the middle of Vegas strip? Of course... I got the Guinness! So good!!! And the music was so entertaining. I didn't reLly understand it, but I'm open for new experiences. The crowd is a bit older, but they're so fun!! Definitely coming back.
4	Party of 4 at Nine Fine Irishmen. We were seated by request on the patio outside with a nice little view of the Brooklyn Bridge. The atmosphere was awesome. The patio was very relaxing and had lots of spots for people to hang out. We 3 girls decided to go with a few appetizers. Brie w/ bread, clam steamers, and Irish Nachos w/ steak. ALL freaken delicious. All generous portion sizes. My friend's boyfriend got a ribeye, garlic mashed, and asparagus. I tried all, and it was really good as well. Our service was so-so. We didn't see our server much which is the reason for the 4  stars. Food was a 5. I'll go back. I didn't get to try an Irish beer, so next time I'll do that.
4	I had a fine meal at Nine Fine Irishmen but really, it wasn't all about the food.  The fish and chips were okay but I've had much better fish and I found myself wondering if the fish was delivered to the restaurant pre-battered and frozen.  I don't really know but it didn't have the taste of a really fresh piece of cod.  The good news is, that's the worst thing I can say because I left happy.The fries were good, the malt vinegar was fresh, and the draft Harp lager was delicious.  The atmosphere was really nice and I was in an area that seemed to be a collection of small dining rooms, complete with lost patrons wandering through.  The highlight was the waitress, who seemed to be one of the most sincerely pleasant people I encountered during my stay in Las Vegas.  She had short blond hair and I think her name was Samantha, but I'm not sure.I'd go back to Nine Fine Irishmen without hesitation.  I don't know that I'd get the Fish and Chips next time, but I'd definitely go back.
3	Located inside the New York New York on the Vegas strip.  The food was ok - not traditional Irish fare but, a decent attempt.  Price wasn't too high considering the location.  When the live music started we left because it was too loud.  Sat outside near the Starbucks and enjoyed the music from there.
3	Its killing me but I must tell the truth. I LOVE THIS PLACE but dump the new chef. The food is a one star and the ambience in a five...so what to rate? I heard I just got the wrong dish. BUT I am suspect that the chef took leftover soup that was on the menu with LEEKS & Onions (yuck) in it and adapted it to make the Chicken Pot Pie which resulted in an onion and leeks pie with a few bits of carrot potato and chicken. Now an onion lover would have liked it but me? I hate onions. It ruined it and as it made its way out (the wrong way) all the flavor was onion, onion, onion. The chef took a short cut cause the menu narr mentions leeks and dbl onions as part of this dishes recipe. Ambience? Hands down just a great place to be with friends and lovers both.
5	Such an awesome bar/restaurant! Nice patio area, great cozy indoor restaurant & bar seating! I had dinner and drinks here with my husband on our honeymoon and we had such an amazing experience! Our server was Rosanna and she was such a sweetheart! Very friendly, very accommodating and fun! Everything a Vegas server should be- such a great experience! The food was FABULOUS! Great presentation, great value for the price. Good happy hour specials, good atmosphere. A definite must visit in Vegas!
5	My husband and I split the Mahi sandwich and am order of onion rings. Everything was extremely good... we were both very impressed and agree that the onion rings were the best we've ever had. Def recommend.
4	The food here is decent, pretty big portions. Great place to get a late night drink. It can et very busy and very noisy. I would defiantly go back .
4	Pros: it's an indoor pub, no line, live authentic entertainment, great decor and large venue.Cons: there's nothing going on in the second floor. Experience:This place is huge for being inside New York New York. It's got a second floor with more seating. However we met up with complete strangers and had a blast! The entertainment was just amazing and knew how to draw the crowd to attempt an Irish jig and they even had an Irish dancer who would randomly start dancing. The drinks were on point and never had to really wait.Conclusion:I'm waiting to go back to Vegas just to come back here!
4	We went to Nine Fine twice this trip and experienced two different atmospheres.  Our first trip there was for lunch during a FIFA match (Bavaria/ Korea).  They did have minimum purchase requirements for seating which is understandable for a big sporting event.  The service was prompt and left us alone to watch the game.  My wife had the fish and chips which was fantastic.  The fish was thick filets and perfectly cooked.  I ordered the Shepherd's Pie and I'm hooked.  I'm no shepherd's pie expert, but it was a fantastic dish.We went back the next night just for a drink.  We didn't expect more than the ambience that we experienced during the FIFA match and we were wrong.  Ri Ra, what I gathered was band that plays there regularly, was playing and they were quite good.  We stayed and had a few pints (I recommend the Black Smith), watched the Irish dancing and listened to the band.  The atmosphere was great and the service was excellent.  Even though the bar was busy, the server's were spot on and never seemed rushed.All-in-all, a great experience.
5	Great food. Alcohol included in most dishes. They are still delicious. Would recommend for a nice ambiance & relaxed dinner.
4	This was the very first bar I visited on my very first trip to Vegas....needless to say, I was not disappointed! Coming from boston, I wanted to find an Irish pub that also offered the "Vegas experience. This place offers both!First of all, the atmosphere is great! It has two floors, and also offers and outdoor seating patio right on the strip, where you can people watch, too. Pretty much whatever atmosphere you're looking for, this place has! The entire place is designed and appointed to look like an authentic Irish pub, and there's a great place in the back for the band or whoever is performing to get on stage. It can get very busy and boisterous on the weekend evenings, but hey...you're in Vegas, and it's a fun spot!There are two bars here, one on each floor, which is very handy if you're moving around. You don't have to walk a whole flight just to get a drink! They have a great selection on tap, and the bartenders are on point and professional. The menu/food here is probably not the best you'll have in this city...probably not by a long shot. I personally wouldn't choose this place to eat, though. It's more about the atmosphere, and a place you stop with friends to grab drinks, talk, and enjoy the entertainment and people watching. If you come just for the meal, you'll probably leave less than satisfied.Overall, a nice little Irish pub on this end of the strip. It's conveniently located in the NY-NY hotel, and it's right on the strip, so it's fairly easy to get to. This place is worth a stop if you're in this area.
5	This is our favorite place in Vegas hands down. I have been coming here for 10 years now and it is the only place we party when in Vegas. The band is awesome! The crowds are always fun. I just can't say enough great things about Nine Fine. Anyone who has been a regular knows what I mean!
5	Was just here for a summer weekend for my birthday. We stayed at NY NY and decided to check it out when we first arrived.So glad we came here! The live band was playing drunken irish songs. When we walked by the band to go to the our table, every band member looked at us, gave us a smile. We totally felt welcomed. Pretty awesome. Every couple of songs or so, a girl would come up at the stage and perform an irish dance. Want to drink, meet and just with a chill and very friendly crowd? Come to this pub. If you want to eat without band music, they do have patio seating that gives you a view of the strip. This is where we sat for dinner. We were able to chat without having to yell at each other, and at the same time, enjoyed watching people walk by.Good selection of food, drinks, and of course, whiskey!! I do like my whiskeys so that is all I ordered for drinks. Salmon, especially the mac and cheese and mashed potatoes are to die for!! We ordered them the first night we got there, and let me tell you, I was craaaaaving them the whole time we were in vegas! Matter of fact, I am still craving them. Definitely going back to this bar. Definitely going to order the mac/cheese and mashed potato and try their other dishes. This bar is located at NY NY hotel. I definitely recommed you check out this place if you're staying at this hotel. The service was ok. A little slow but there were only two servers that night (around 9pm). Our server was very nice though and very apologetic. As busy as they were, she was still calm and did keep coming back to us to ask of we were ok. So service was ok, but I still give this a 5 star. My overall experience was great! I can't wait to come back!
2	YUCK! And YUCK!! Hubby and I went here for my birthday. We both ordered the fish and chips. Talk about GROSS!! I asked for mine to be well done and it came out way under cooked. The breading was just soggy and the fish was cooked "rare". My husbsnds wss the same. Needless to say we didn't eat it. We were shocked that they put a 27 dollar price tag on it too. The service was abysmally slow as well. This place is probably okay if you just want to drink.
3	Pub Vegas-style. We tried a bunch of the appetizers and they were served hot and fresh. Our favorite was the Beer & Cheese dip which was difficult to eat, due to the crusty cheesy top, but delicious. The other really good dish was the fish in chips - we shared an order. Lots of beer selection and it is really fun to sit outside (there are misters to keep you cool) and people watch.
4	Great wings and goid beer. Came mid afternoon and had grrat service. Not cheap but average for the strip. Food is good quality so you don't feel hosed.
3	Good times with good friends was had here. I went here for the after party of a friends wedding. The 1st thing I will say is that the place is way overpriced. But hey you are on the strip so what do you expect. Beers 8 bucks and meals 20 plus. I can go off strip and save a ment. I drank a cider beer most of the night. It was from the tap and needed more bubbles. Wasn't flat but was full flavor either. I also had the chicken pot pie. This I would recommend. It might have been the best Chicken pot pie I have ever had. Better have been for 20 bucks. The atmosphere was cool. Being on the strip drinking and having a good time was fun. They even had an irish band playing that night. I would go back but only if it was at the request of someones special occasion. Everything here was just too overpriced for me.
1	Great restaurant, other than the food and service.  Seriously, not sure where all these great reviews are coming from.  The beer was good.  Maybe that's why?
3	I can see why people like it.  They brought the pub over from Ireland and stuck it in the middle of a tacky casino.  Doesn't get more American than that, I suppose.  The interior is pretty cool. The food is expensive and the portions are fairly large.  I had the lamb stew and it was disappointing because the broth was a broth and not a thicker near gravy like one would expect.  The lamb was tender but the pieces were so large they had to be cut to eat them.  (Seriously, one piece was the size of badminton shuttle).  My husband had the BMT (bacon, mozarella and tomato on panini bread) and that was probably the best thing at the table.  Seems surprising, but it was excellent.  One person ordered the Irish nachos (fried potatoes instead of tortilla chips with corned beef on top) and those were quite good.  Another ordered the steamers which were steamed mussels in a tomato broth, also good.Our server was a little manic and laughed like a lunatic at everything we said.  Granted, we are a pretty funny group (if I do say so myself) but we're not that funny.  So it was a bit unnerving.  But any place that has Magner's on tap is probably going to get three stars from me just on principle.
4	This place is located right inside NYNY casino, easy to get to from the outside. It is a GREAT spot for Bar Bites with Irish flare. AND THEY HAVE HAPPY HOUR! Hard to find in Vegas!The service was awesome & our waitress, Sam, was the best- beauty AND brains. Must be in the name (;She recommended The Beer Cheese Dip- on POINT! Served bubbling hot with an assortment of crackers and breads.The Corned Beef Nachos-- what a concept! Awesome CB smothered in sauces on top of not corn chips, but decedent potato crisps! Slap yo mama good. I'd definitely come back for HH!
4	Very fun place with the live Irish music. Good selection of beer, and we had the Irish nachos (fried shaved potatoes, beer cheese sauce, chive aioli, and corned beef) which we loved. Can't wait to go back and dive a little deeper into the menu!
2	I don't usually write reviews on Yelp, but after last night's dinner at Nine Fine Irishmen, I had to come on and share. My dad and I have been coming to Nine Fine Irishmen for around 4 or 5 years. The first time we ever visited, we were amazed at how much food we got. My dad had the fish and chips and I had the shepherd's pie. Every year that we've come back, we've gotten the same things and have always been pleased. The service has always been hit or miss, but the food kept us coming back. Sadly, last night's trip was a major disappointment and we are probably not going to ever return.As per usual, my dad ordered the fish and chips and I ordered the shepherd's pie. The meal came out decently fast and our waitress took acceptable care of us. When the food arrived however, we were not pleased. What had once been a massive helping of fried fish and French fries had become two small strips of fish and a handful of floppy fries. My shepherd's pie looked the same, but the beef was no longer anything special, but tasted instead like a hamburger that had been broken up and drenched in mashed potatoes. The generous pieces of carrot that had been mixed with the beef on our previous visits had been reduced to small (and I mean minuscule) pieces of what I think may have been carrots, they were honestly too small to even be sure.After we picked at our food for a half hour, my dad decided to ask the waitress what had happened to the fish and chips and she explained that they had gotten a new chef and that he had traded out regular cod for Alaskan cod. For $23, I would say that the Alaskan vs. whatever cod they were using before is definitely not worth the price. Don't waste your time here, go to Ri Ra in the Mandalay Bay instead. We are so sad that our favorite Irish pub is no longer living up to what it was before. Honestly, DON'T LISTEN TO THE POSITIVE REVIEWS. If you want to spend over $20 a person on subpar food then visit, but if you are looking for big, delicious portions then don't waste your time.
4	My family and I had a fantastic time at the nine fine Irishmen! The decor inside is awesome, and we went for the live music at 9:00PM. My girlfriends father loves live music, particularly live irish music, and this place did not disappoint. The band and the step dancer were both wonderful! We loved listening to them play and enjoying the atmosphere. The food we got was also very good, albeit expensive. However, it's the strip, so I wasn't overly surprised. I tasted the bangers and mash, the fish and chips, and the shepards pie. I LOVED my shepards pie, and the bangers and mash were really good too. The fish and chips were above average, but not amazing. We also got irish nachos with the corned beef on it to start. It was good, but at like 16 bucks, I expected more. The beer was also reasonably priced at 7.50 for a pint of Guinness (or anything else). We enjoyed quite a bit of beer!There are few places that make me feel I am getting My value for what I'm getting at strip prices, but I enjoyed myself so much with the music and beer I found myself thinking how worth it this was! If I'm looking to spend more money than usual, but have some good food, GREAT beer, and listen to live music... I'll most likely do it here. One thing I disliked was the entertainment tax... Never saw that before, and it added a chunk into the bill. I'm glad they get money from it, it's a smart idea, but I wasn't prepared for that!
5	One of my favorite dinner options for an affordable dinner on the Vegas strip. You can't beat the food for the price you pay here. I had the NY Strip steak that came with Bleu Cheese on it. It was perfect and I can't wait to go back and get it again. This was our second time here and each time has been great. The after-9pm entertainment is usually great as well.Reservations are recommended during busy dinner hours on weekends. Otherwise it's usually not overcrowded.
4	We came just for drinks, so I can't comment on the food.We came around 5:00 on a Saturday and it wasn't busy at all. We walked through the restaurant inside and the decor looks great but we preferred to sit outside. They just renovated the outside area and it's a good place to hang out at. They have a rectangle bar outside that has seats all around three sides. One side is left open facing the strip so people can walk up and get their drinks to go. There are also tables to sit at if you prefer that. The bartenders were nice and attentive and the drinks weren't too expensive. We got a beer, three whiskey cokes, a red bull, and an adios and it came out to $53. That's especially good in Vegas and the drinks weren't weak either. I'd for sure come back to this place again, possibly to try the food next time as well.
5	Chicken pot pie is great. The crust is amazing.Mac and cheese was simply the best I've ever tasted.Garlic mashed potatoes were good but not on the same level as the rest.My wife and I split the three items and left stuffed.Staff was very accommodating when we switched tables twice.Atmosphere was quiet at lunch.Loved the decor which they told me was bought and built in Ireland before being shipped over.
5	Very good!  Fun atmosphere.  The beer menu had a lot on it.  I am not a beer drinker so can't tell you anything about that.  Had a few good wines.  Had a bar atmosphere and I took my Grandson.  We ate early so it wasn't crowded.  They have music starting at 9pm.  I had the Shepard's pie and my grandson had wings and Irish chips (French fries).  Both were fresh, flavorful, and served hot.  I would come back!
1	The band is horrible. They take "requests" but know very few songs. This band is just some super cheesey pricks. The clog dancing woman was cool though. Avoid these horrible musicians though
5	A return visit to Nine Fine Irishmen for lunch was a great way to open another Restaurant Week.  The ambiance of this gustatory establishment is pure Irish pub, with some novel embellishments added to the woodsy decor.  When we arrived, the hostess joined us in an ascending elevator to escort us to our reserved table on the second floor, whereby I was presented with a throne chair fit for a king, and Diane was shown to a less towering but still oversized fabric-backed chair.     Soda Bread with exceptionally rich and tasty Kerry Gold Sweet Cream Butter from Ireland and Basil & Olive Oil whetted the appetite for a very interesting hot cup of gritty and rich Colcannon Soup with potatoes, bacon, white cabbage, and heavy cream, followed by a very good and unique Summer Garden Salad with Romaine Lettuce, Watermelon Radishes, Pickled Onion, Dried Apricot, and strands of Ricotta Cheese.  Excellent flaking morsels of hot deep-fried Alaskan Cod that fell apart on touch after being kissed by lemon juice out of a real lemon wedge, anointed with drops of Heinz Malt Vinegar, and dunked in homemade Tartar Sauce, provided a great tummy-warming entree that was accompanied by very tasty fat and soft French Fries.  I was just not that fond of the green Tartar Sauce.  The last course was arguably the best: a warm Apple Tart with apple filling encased in golden puff pastry topped by a generous scoop of HaagenDaz Cinnamon Salted Caramel Swirl Ice Cream and Caramel Sauce, which Diane and I split.Service was consistently excellent.  In fact, after two desserts were packed to go--when only one was desired--we were told to keep both, whereby, at no charge a third sumptuous dessert was graciously prepared and quickly presented to us to eat in.  It was a great ending to a great meal.
5	Yum YUM! This place was amazing! Came here with 4 people and we had the Irish nachos with corned beef, Shepard's pie, and the apple crisp for dessert! Everything was to die for!!! Absolutely recommend this place, just wish I could fit more food in me!
4	Going to Las Vegas can include a huge list of bucket list things to do - if you have not added this one, then you better pencil it in.  First of all, there are a ton of different bars in Vegas, as well as a myriad of nightlife experiences to be had, but there is nothing quite like "Ninefine," as my girls and I like to call it.The bar itself gets full pretty fast, so show up early (think 8pm).  Also, there is a thing called the "tap table" that can be reserved for up to a few hours.  Ours was equipped with Harp and Guiness, but wasn't exactly ready for pouring when we arrived at 8pm for our reservation.  After a quick fix, and a replaced keg, we were ready to rock and roll.  To start off we had a shot of Jameson, with a pickle back (or side shot).  This is a MUST to try.  The pickle juice is cold, yummy, and takes away the bite of the the Scotch whiskey.  After a shot and a beer, we settled in to order food.  Shepherd's pie?  OF COURSE!  There is also a chicken pot pie that almost looks like it deserves to be in an art museum, rather than eaten.  All the food fare at Ninefine is delish!  I don't recommend the sausage appetizers, or the fried pickles, simply because they seem to have a chef who is tempura crazy and all that grease does not go well with heavy drinking.Finally, there is the entertainment.  The traditional Irish band, and dancers are spot on for this spot!  You will be lifting pints, most likely, with other Irishmen who deem this venue worthy of home and often frequent it on their trips to Vegas.  Why?  I'm not sure...I certainly don't plan on finding a Tejano bar in Dublin when I visit.  The nine fine Irishmen can be found high above the bar, and the ambiance certainly feels Irish and authentic.  This, again, is a definite must when you plan your next Sin City excursion!TIP:  Ninefine is located in New York, New York and is easily accessible from south strip - or a short cab ride from mid strip.
4	Fantastic. Best Mac and cheese ever. Steamed clams were amazing. Fresh corned beef. My son had chicken fingers I didn't know whether to eat or rub all over me they were so good. Only negative ordered makers mark on the rocks. Very small pour.
3	This is my second visit and it was subpar to the first.  They took off funnel cake fries off the menu and the food wasn't as good.  The bread pudding tasted different than my first time.  My family all agreed that either their standards went down or the had a different cook back there.
1	Walked up to the hostess stand and said we were there for dinner. Were still made to pay a cover charge. Waitress led us to a dirty table that we sat at for 20 minutes before going back to the hostess stand, now covered by a bouncer, and being told that they had quit serving food 30 min before. Tried to get our cover charge back but were given the runaround and told we had to wait "awhile". Got pissed and left. had wanted to try this place but will never, ever return.
3	Very bland food with hardly any seasoning. The waitress was very rude to us and it took ages for someone to take our order. Beer was good.
3	Hubs and I came here to eat on a Saturday night. There was a $10 charge per person (plus entertainment tax for the bill...ridiculous). The band was alright. We came to eat the food so was disappointed to pay the cover charge (violinist and tap dancer was pretty cool). We werent that hungry so we ordered the shepherd's pie and drunken onion rings. 5 starts for the food. It was tasty. The onion rings were crispy and gave a decent portion.  Didnt like the sauce much...was too spicy for me. The shepherd's pie was really good...first time trying anything like that so can't compare it to anything.One star for the service. After getting in, we weren't acknowledged and just found a seat. We tried to flag down the waitress but she ignored us or didn't see us. When she returned 5 minutes later we asked for the menu. We flagged her to order. We wanted to order a drink and tried to get her attention and she walked past us again. Granted, it was busy. But she wad the ONLY server in the entire place on a Saturday night.  Come ON. When she passed again I shouted "EXCUSE ME!" because she obviously wasnt checking her surroundings to see if the customers needed something even when I was looking at her and flailing my arms. She seemed stunned and shocked that I shouted. But the music was loud and she was not checking up on us. We asked for a drink menu and she gave us one.Finally, she came and took our order without us trying to call her again. The food came out and it was good. I tried to get her attention for one last time and asked her for a box, refill of waters, and the check all at once so I dont have to keep trying to get her attention. She refilled the water.  I had to get the busboy to get me a box. Then after maybe TWENTY minutes she brings the check after saying "I see you got the box!" She swipes the card and and we finally leave. Ruined the experience. We were waiting so much. They need to get more wait staff especially on a Saturday night. She was so busy and she can't keep up with everything she needed to do. There were even people who had gotten up to pay because she was so inattentive.But food was good! Too bad I can't say I'd go back there again.
3	Band is great and makes this place worth going to.  Otherwise, it is very very expensive, even by the new vegas standards.  a well drink and a domestic beer was $20!  Good place but very pricey.  The food is good, but on the pricey side!
5	Best greatest/bar in Vegas. We stay at the NY,Ny just for this place. Stay up late drinking and playing then wake up and go to Nine Fine and get the Irish Breakfast. Best meal of my life and the waitress was awesome. Belly full and I'm off to add poker tournament. Doesn't get any better.
5	Everything about the atmosphere was on point.-The band is really good-The service was super warm and friendly-Irish nachos were amazing and the buffalo wings were yummy, but a little spicier than I hoped.-Had the Smithwicks' and the Gaelic Punch and those were awesome.-They had step dancing. We had a waitress from Lima, and she was so nice and helpful even though it was later at night and could only order from late night menu. I'm sad I forgot her name, but she was kind, funny, and made great recommendations for us!Overall it was a good place to enjoy people's company, listen to music, eat good food, and have a good time without needed to go to a sleezy bar/club. Get there early if you want to try other foods because the late night menu is limited. We were sad we couldn't try the shepards pie!
2	Husband and I on a return trip to Vegas revisited here. So disappointed, arrived for food, found our own seat and waited to be served. We intended to get drinks and food. Ordered coke and a spirit which arrived after having to discuss the happy hour deal to ensure it was clear to the waitress what we wanted and wanted to pay. We were never offered the food menu, left sitting for a long time waiting on the waitress to come back to us. One of our drinks was a coke which was disgusting, tasted like mold. Tried to pay for our drinks at the bar but had to wait for the waitress to return 10 minutes later. As an Irish person the only authentic Irish thing I can see about this place is the high prices in comparison to other similar businesses and attitude of the particular waitress. There are plenty of other great places to have the "craic".
3	We had a plan: eating Mexican food before going to The Bar at Times Square in the NYNY but something happend along the way. I think it was my hubby taking an opportunity not to have Mexican.  Not his first (or 2nd-9th) choice. And because he knows I'm always into something new we ended up here. Having an oke, mediocre experience. Mediocre because of the service and the food. Nothing bad, nothing worth remembering or coming back for. We even ended up bringing our money to the front because after bringing the check it was over with the attention. We've waited for 10 minutes and than left. Luckily we had enough and the proper amount of cash money.My love choose the chicken pot pie and I ordered the lamb stew. Both oke dishes served really, really hot. Portions we're big.Atmopshere is what you can expect in an Irish pub (in Las Vegas). They offer daily live music starting from 9pm. We'll you like it or you don't. Just be aware of it because the music is loud.
5	Sat at the outside bar and Kim was great! Despite an onslaught of strip walk ups and ppl waiting for tables. My $30 entre was well worth the money and then some. Lots of food and very delicious. Drinks were very well priced for the location. Only complaint is that a side is not included which is silly but I had no regrets once the plate was delivered. Would certainly recommend
3	Dinner with a business associate.  We were seated upstairs in a cozy dark booth (strange for business people).  Service was good and efficient.  Smithwick's on tap - GREAT.  Baked brie appetizer was good, but not great.  Shepherd's pie was good, but I have had better (see my previous reviews from other Irish pubs).Overall a good place, might be back, might not.
1	Other than the delicious wings, the food, service and ambiance were disappointing.We sat outside, so missed the Irish experience. Loud pop music (though this is everywhere on the strip). We sat for 15 minutes before our server acknowledged us, then finally got our drink order taken. It was now 6:20 p.m. and we advised our server that we needed to be done by 7:30 for a show in the hotel (New York New York). We anticipated an hour and a half would be enough time for pub fare and a drink. We were wrong - should have known when it took so long to even get our drinks.The baked brie was barely warmed. The cheese, in fact, was still hard and cold inside. The green beans were cold. My friends said their meals were just okay, even for pub fare. My wings, as I stated earlier, were excellent. Note that a meal does not include any sides (e.g. vegetable or otherwise - you get, say, a piece of salmon and that is all on you plate unless you pay for more). We were barely attended to during the meal and asked repeatedly for our bill.It was after 7:30 and we were watching our server provide bills to customers who had arrived after us and also take new orders, though it wasn't particularly busy. I approached our server at the server's station to remind her that we needed our bill. She barked "I'm doing the best I can" at me. Yet still no bill.We were a table of six. Not demanding, except for the need for our bill at the end. There is a gratuity of 18% added automatically if there is a table of six or more. That would be fine if we had good service and individual bills. The best she could do was subtotal into five. And there were errors, so check your bills carefully. And then we ran to our show.
1	Didn't make it past the host stand. Extremely condescending hosts dictated to us that each member of the party needed to agree to ordering an entree before our name would be added to the list. In addition we were told that the entire party needed to be present when our table was ready to be seated. When I jokingly mentioned there was significant criteria to dine here, the hostess quickly and condescendingly encouraged me to eat at McDonald's. No chance in hell I'll spend a dollar here. 8:15pm on 10/8
4	If you haven't been here and eaten the chicken pot pie, you haven't yet lived life to its fullest potential. But then again, who has? Its buttery. Its creamy. Its meaty. Its served to you in a fucking pale. A fucking pale. Go hungry. Finish it. Or you'll just end up wishing you had later.
5	When in Vegas you HAVE to stop by here for a pint and a jig. The deep fried sausages are like an angel orgasming in your mouth (that's just a thought I haven't experienced that particular sensation since college....we all experimented at that time in our life). The old wood and welcoming Guinness makes you feel like you are home. Stick around for the band and have a great time. When you see the fat guy doing a jig in the middle of the floor, buy me a shot of Irish whiskey and come dance with me.
3	Nine Fine Irishmen has a fun atmosphere - lots of TVs, live music and decent beer selection. I had fries and a bowl of their tomato soup, which was pretty good! My co-worker ordered the Irish Nachos, which weren't really that great - there was something about the cheese that just wasn't right. I prefer the Irish Nachos at the Tilted Kilt to be honest.
2	Disappointing.  I'm from Atlanta where we probably have a higher standard for cuisine. This was the highest rated place within a mile of my hotel and is just okay bar food.  The service was great so I give it 2 stars.
4	It has been about a year and a half since we visited last. They were deep into the remodel back then that added a patio. Arrived a little after 12:30 pm and asked to sit on the balcony. Kelly was our awesome server! She gave us a sample of Smithwick's to try. My wife chose that one and I chose the Blacksmith. A 50/50 of Guinness and Smithwick's, I liked a lot!  At the suggestion of Kelly, we had the Steamers appetizer. YUM!  Probably the best little neck clams in white wine sauce, garlic and tomato broth served with Ciabatta bread we have had! Kelly even brought us some more bread so we could soak up the wonderful garlicky sauce. Def be back again!
5	One word, okay three... CHICKEN POT PIE! This dish is embarrassingly big, so big while sitting outside a passerby looked at me strangely and mouthed "what is that? The huge flaky pastry puff that covers the top is amazing plus once you break through the top what awaits you underneath is so amazing. I am not even sure how to describe it, it is just so good and a perfect Vegas hangover cure. What I really loved about it was that it was made with a tomato base vs cream. I am not usually a fan of pot pie for that reason. It made the pie seem a little lighter so you could indulge more in the yummy topping. The service was great, and if you can ask to sit outside so you can people watch. I can't wait to get back to Vegas just so I can visit again.
1	Terrible service, pro tip for management when someone shows up to eat it is not professional to badger the customer about whether they are going to eat a dinner or get appetizers. If people show up and ask for a table dont make them prove to you that they will be a whale. We went to Ri ra at mandalay after the poor service and the music, service, and atmosphere was infinitely better....
4	The food was good (we had Irish nachos) and the drinks were moderately priced. The service was a bit slow but it was a Friday night.
5	Daughter and I stopped by for lunch to kill time before our plane left.  Best fish and chips I've had besides cooking fresh caught halibut or ling cod at home!  Reasonably priced for the casino and daughter said her burger was great!
5	I love this irish pub. The bartender Jose was awesome! I ate the shit out of some bangers and mash, may favorite, and chased it with perfectly,made black amd tans. My girlfriend order the chicken pot pie and it was as big as her head. If this was my local pub id be here to much for my own good.
5	One of my all time favorites in Vegas! The food is unbelievable! I usually get the Shepard's pie but tonight there was lobster pot pie as the special! It was the best lobster meal I have ever had! I will definitely try the chicken pot pie next time I come! The beer cheese and fried sausage apps are delicious. The apple cake was really good too! This is a great place to bring friends when they visit vegas!
4	We didn't get to spend nearly as much time here as we would like to have.  We got into Vegas at 1pm and after checking in and unpacking, it was nearly 2 before we got there.  We had dinner reservations at Treasures (see review) at 8 so we didn't want to eat too much.    We were seated quickly in a cozy and comfortable corner of the place.  I WANTED the shepherds pie but again given that we didn't want to eat too much we ordered the onion rings and the Beer Cheese dip.  Impulsively I ordered a Guinness and it was not until later that I realized that this place knows the difference between a Black and Tan (Guinness and Bass) and a Half and Half (Guinness and Harp) knowing the difference makes all of the difference in the world to an Irish Pub Snob like me.  The onion rings were VERY good and I believe made with their Bloody Mayr mix.The Beer Cheese dip... lets just say... that was fantastic!  served with a verity of breads and what appeared to be a bit of a Parmesan crust on top of the dip, it was heavenly.  And here's the thing... I really don't like chess all that much, this was something my wife ordered.  Despite being in a Las Vegas Casino the place had a warm and cozy feeling to it and inspired talk of opening up our own pub when we retire.
3	Mediocre food at Las Vegas prices. Fish in dish with chips was frozen and bland. The rack of lamb was fine but not distinguishing. We had to eat and it was better than most alternatives.
2	The host and ambience is nice, and the location is brilliant. But the servers do a very lousy job. Our server never showed up after serving us first round of drinks.
1	We stopped in today thinking we were going to have a great lunch... Unfortunately, our waitress was crabby, our food was cold, and the happy hour fellShort of any expectations we had. Might be better if the food was hot!
4	Did I miss the not hot Irish dudes?  Maybe it was their day off.  Oh well, that's ok, it was great even without them there.  Decided to stop in for a drink and some lunch.  We wandered around and didn't  see any available seats but then realized that there was also an upstairs area and it happened to have plenty of room.  We took a seat at the bar and were given great service the entire time.  The drinks were good, they had fun mixed drink last and decent beer list.  The food was awesome!  I loved the beer-cheese dip and bread.  The cheese was gooey and had amazing flavor.  It was also way bigger than anticipated.  All my friends loved the food they ordered as well and everything we saw go out to other tables looked good too.  I would come back here next time I am inside New York New York.
5	People...please don't rate restaurant only on service or noise level.  I have eaten here about 5 different times and it is consistently delicious.  The Shepherds Pie is rich and filling and you HAVE to get the bread pudding.  It comes with 2 sauces that you pour over before eating.  Out of this world!!!
2	Poor service, rarely saw our waitress. They have a mediocre house band that plays with the amps cranked twice as loud as they should be, makes it painful to be inside when it would be nice if only the music wasn't pounding into your brain while you try to eat. Even if there for drinks, conversation is out of the question. This is a bar/restaurant, not a rock concert. Overpriced for what the food is but on par with other strip restaurants and the food is good.
5	We were dishin' out dough at the tables inside of NY NY. A few hours in with the house consuming our money, it was agreed, consumption of food was absolutely necessary. ABSOLUTELY NECESSARY. The ambiance is 'pubbish' with stained wooden floors and walls, head stones, mirrors, marble pillars and dim chandeliers. Very subtle and nice. Being a quarter Irish, I'm always drawn to places like this. It gives me a false sense of feeling, that perhaps, this is what it might be like over yonder. We were sat in a neat little sofa style seat adjacent to the restrooms. I don't mind this.. In fact, it was quite the scene. The entry / exit door for waiters / waitresses / bussers and so on is conveniently  placed side by side with the restrooms. I couldn't count how many men and women walked into the kitchen dazed and confused. Even the restroom entrances themselves were a little confusing, with dudes going in the women's and women going into the men's restrooms. Good times.I was about to order a chicken pot pie and my sister the Shepherd's pie when a waitress walked by with an individual chicken pot pie. These things are ginormous! They're served in a tin pale that's stuffed to the top! The proverbial 'muffin top' so to speak. We ordered the chicken pot pie to share, drunken onion rings and each had a cup of Colcannon soup. The appetizers were delightful. The drunken onions rings are marinated in a bloody Mary / beer batter mix, fried and served with spicy honey mustard. Scorching temperatures had us waiting on these bad boys, but I have to tell you, they were really good. I didn't catch the hints of bloody mary flavoring, however, the spicy mustard sauce made up for that. The Colcannon was what the doctor ordered. The weather during the day had been in the mid-70's and evening hours around the low 40's, so the soup compensated for the cool weather and warmed me up instantly. Did somebody say bacon!? Resting inside this creamy soup delight, Irish bacon is topped on pureed potatoes, cabbage and leeks. The chicken pot pie took the cake though. As mentioned the crust spews out of the top of the tin pale it's served in. Light, flaky and buttery.  The crust's solid defense was no match for my fork's offense.  The chicken was succulent, salty and tender. And wow.. The sauce / stock the vegetables are mixed in was probably one of the best tasting things I've ever had. Period. There was cheddar in this pie, which I've never had in a pot pie, and it (along with a few other ingredients) created an orange like cream that was too tasty! I was full, but kept eating.  Flavor in every bite and never EVER lacked it. Great service and GREAT food!
3	If you're looking for some Irish spirit this is the place to go. On a Saturday night there was a $5 cover (yuck) but the live band and step dancing were great. It's a little on the small side if you need ample room to dance or have a large party who wants to sit, but it was fun nonetheless.
5	The interior of this place is amazing. We stopped in here for a few drinks following some exploring, and it was a great. We didn't get to see the band play, or try any of the food on the menu, since we came pretty early and didn't stay for too long. But having browsed over it a lot of things sounded delicious, I'll have to come back for another visit to try some of their items on the menu.The bartenders were all very nice and checked up on us often, they also had no trouble giving good descriptions of the beers they offered. I've never been to Ireland so I have no idea what a "real" Irish pub would be like, but our experience in here was so good, I don't really care. Definitely will be back.
4	Drinks are great. Staff is very friendly, timely and polite. It has a nice atmosphere and is definitely worth the check out.
4	This place always has the best, well, EVERYTHING! I go here with my sisters and my brothers in law whenever they come to visit, and each time we get the same waitress. She's the woman with the short hair and a Brooklyn accent. She's awesome!!! I always get the mac and cheese, colcannon soup, and their sheperd's pie with cheese on top. So good of course. My bro in law got the pastrami sandwich and fries, my other sister got the steak with shallots, and my boyfriend got the potato nachos and mashed potatoes and a beer. Everything is always so damn good every time! Although, I think the prices may have gone up, but they're lucky that I love 'em.
5	One of my favorite places in vegas. Great beer, wonderfully authentic ambiance, and a killer corn beef sandwich. Try to snag a table with the Guinness/Harp taps built in.
4	Ate at the bar real quick before going into Zumanity. Big mistake as I almost went into a food coma...Ordered just the Shepard's Pie and their Drunken Onion Rings. This was my first time trying Irish Cuisine before and it was surprisingly goodShepard's Pie - Dope as hell...mashed potatoes with flavorful goodness in the bottomDrunken Onion Rings - Was expecting a tomatoey flavor due to it being marinated in Bloody Mary mix but was just very light and fluffy compared to regular beer battered onion rings. Mustard with it was deliciosoOverall not bad and understand why ____ people come to this joint.
4	Great service. The girlfriend had the horse radish Mahi Mahi and it was very good. The fish and chip where good but nothing special. The bread pudding however was off the charts killer.
3	Restaurant was very dark. Service was good. Boyfriend had fish and chips and said it was ok. I had the Horseradish Mahi Mahi which was very good. Shared a bread pudding for dessert. No sides or even bread was served. He had a beer and I had a glass of wine. $100 bill. Thought that was rather on the spendy side.
5	Only stopped in for a drink, but would definitely come back.  The atmosphere and service were spot on.  You walk in and automatically forget you are in a casino with the quiet irish background music playing to set the mood.  You cant go wrong with a glass of wine and a pint of beer, but we were very happy to escape the sounds of slot machines, smell of smoke, and catch the end of a football game on their big screen for 30 minutes,
5	Great servers, great food, great beer, and great entertainment! What more can I say...I was out looking for a good place to eat and stumbled upon this treasure hidden in "New York" ! I would recommend this to everyone, try the chicken pot pie and have a beer! Cheers!!!!
5	This place has continued to keep its charm, great entertainment and fun for many years now.
5	we stumbled into this place one night looking for dinner on our family vacation.....best dinner we had at that point of our trip (top 3 overall). we found ourselves back here a few more times before we left. Fun story, great service, amazing food.
5	Love this place! I try to eat here every time I'm in Vegas. The atmosphere is great, the drink selection is awesome, and the food is rediculously fantastic.
3	How can you call yourself an Irish Pub and serve horrible Irish Coffees???   Good god, the coffee was tart and not fresh, the cream was sweetened and plopped on top and it was infused with some whiskey -  blah.  We had to sit outside because we had our 16 year old son with is, no big deal, outside overlooked the strip, so a lot to watch.  They also have a flat screen outside with sports, so we are all good.  Good service, actually there was none outside, we had to walk up to the bartenders to place our orders, who were on their smartphones all during their shift, so what's up with that for customer service?  But the ambience was ok as was the decor.  Menu looked ok, but if they can't do a decent Irish Cofee, I would doubt their food would be up to snuff.
4	What more can you expect from a Las Vegas strip Irish pub? Good live music, average drink selection, and decent food. If looking for a Vegas gingerfied Irish pub, it doesn't get better.
5	The lamb stew was the BEST EVER! Rosanna was an excellent server! I cannot wait to go back!
