4	I used to work at a bakery, so I have a soft spot for bread companies/places. Some things are better than others. The veggie sandwich is very tasty, but falls apart really easily. I tried the butternut squash pasta, and it was too sweet... it was almost desert-like while trying to be savory. Anyways, it didn't work for me, but the other day I got linguine with clams and that TOTALLY hit the spot with the yummy garlic bread. Pastas are available after 3pm, are at a good price point, with a good portion size. It's not like I'm going to feed you for three meals, but its filling if you have the bread with the meal. They also have some pastries that I haven't tried, but look very appealing. Oh, also free wifi, but please don't be talking on your bluetooth while online shopping the whole time. That bugs.
5	I have been frequenting this restaurant for lunch for a long time.  My favorite item on the menu is the 1/2 and 1/2 Continental Chicken sandwich with a caesar salad.  This sandwich comes with carmelized onions and some kind of horseradish sauce which gives it just the right kick.  I also love their soups.  It's a nice atmosphere for lunch with a friend.
5	my sister and a few friends went for a morning road bike ride to this place. the food was great and light but yet filling. i didn't feel like i ate a pan of grease after eating here. it was a good quality, healthy breakfast. the customer service was great!! they were really friendly and helpful with what we needed. i will definitely come back to this place and enjoy myself a honey cured-ham with apple and brie cheese breakfast. YUMMMY!!!
4	Took a friend from out of town here. Back home, we have Panera, which is similar to this place. Very delicious. Can get a little pricy, but I'll pay it just to eat better food. The butternut squash soup melted in my mouth. The caesar salad was delicious too. If you feel like soup and salad, or sandwich, this is the place to go!
5	Just got back from the best lunch EVER!I had a braised beef sandwich, which is new on the menu. Braised beef and mashed potatoes on grilled ciabatta, served with horseradish cream and au jus. It was absolutely perfect and under $10.
4	Good food, creative sandwich combos (my current fave is the turkey and brie), interesting soups (such as lobster bisque, asparagus, curry), quick service (they bring it to your table) and free wifi!
5	Recently moved back to Mesa, I have been on the hunt for a place to get a good sandwich and fresh bread. This place now tops my list of places in the East Valley to get a good sandwich. My first sandwich was the Atlantic Haddock Provencal. A sandwich made with seared, lightly breaded haddock, sliced hard-boiled egg, fresh basil, romaine lettuce, tomato, Provencal tartar sauce on a grilled Brioche roll. The brioche was amazing. It was light and fluffy. The haddock was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of breading, and the vegetables were fresh and in perfect proportions as to not overpower the bread and haddock. Sometimes when you go to a sandwich shop they overload it with everything else that the meat and bread are just there to accessorize the vegetables and sauce. This was perfectly done. The atmosphere is pleasant and open with nice music as the light smell of fresh bread in the background salivates me. This is a must-visit lunch time destination. Dinner review shortly.
4	Always struggle with great places like Wildflower Bread Company that has multiple locations. I love them all.I've been a fan of WBC since they first opened, and tried many of their spots around the state. I'm partial to their soups and cookies.One suggestion I have - take home a loaf of bread!  It's amazing how few people I see really buy a loaf of this tasty, fresh stuff to take home.  Get your wonderful meal, but get a bread to go!
5	I've been wanting to try Wildflower Bread Company for awhile now, but since there's not one near my house, it's just never happened. But, I'm impressed - it's delicious! You walk up to the counter and place your order... sandwiches, soups, and pastries. I had a half sandwich and soup and it was great. The cheddar broccoli soup and big chunks of broccoli in it... a welcome change from many other chains' soups. The employees were exceptionally cheerful and quick to get customers' orders together. My only complaint is there there isn't one closer to my house!
5	I have yet to be disappointed by anything I get here! I have my usuals but once in a while i like to order something different and come to find out almost every time whatever i try next turns into my favorite! The pasta, the salad, the bread, the sandwiches the desserts...its all yummy! and they have free WiFi!! The environment is great, the service is great, the food is great...what more could you ask for? :o)
5	I have never ordered something, I did not like!!!!!There soups, sanwiches, bread, bagels, sweet treats, and salads are GrEaT!!!! If you arrive at 3 or later, you can order some awesome pasta. I suggest the butternut squash rav., it is a bowel of creamy goodness.The place is clean & the staff is friendly. It is also a great place to study or do work. They have free WiFi. Now that the weather is cooling down they have some outside tables to sit and enjoy your yummy food.
5	What I love most about this place is:1. Pesto Chicken pasta2. Portion sizes are big3. Endless samples of their bread of the day I've told people this before, that I'm a true 'bread person' through and through. You don't know what that means? It means that I tend to get full off the complimentary bread before my meal even makes it to the table. There's just something about bread+butter.... mmm..ANYWAY, this is a nice "let's talk over lunch" or "read my book over lunch" kinda place. Definitely a bistro meets internet cafe tone. Perfect ambiance for a lunch date, a working lunch, or a hungry bite if you're getting your tires rotated next door. It's not really an "in and out", as it takes a while to get your order but you can kill time here easily.
4	There are just too many choices on the menu, and everything sounds so good.  Its one of those good problems, because everything I've tried has been delicious.  The food is also very reasonable price considering the high quality of the ingredients.I usually get a sandwich; the roast beef and gorgonzola, spicy meatball, and braised beef are all terrific, and my wife loved the roasted sweet potato sandwich.  They have a rotating selection of several soups, and the corn and green chile bisque was outstanding.And then there's breakfast, which is served until 2 on the weekend (awesome).  I love the sausage and egg sandwich, and the home fries, but you can't go wrong with the frittatas, french toast or pancake varieties (including lemon ricotta).  They pour a good cup of coffee, including espresso drinks, and the scones are another favorite of my wife.With this establishment being a bakery, there is a large selection of delicious breads and pastries to take home, also at a decent price.There's not too much to say about the service.  You place your order at the counter, and they bring it out to you.  Sometimes they are slow to clear the tables.My stomach is growling just writing this review.  I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.  What do you say Yelp, how about half stars?
5	LOVE this place ~ IF I had to only choose one resturant to order from this one might be my top choice.  It's so clean, with healthy food and good, fast, friendly service.  They have the BEST salads!  One of my farovite personal treats is to ride my bike to Wildflower Bread Company and have their delicious coffee and a Bearclaw pastry. (Yeah, I know it sounds anti-productive to ride a bike to eat a pastry ~ but it's better than driving to eat pastry!)  They have a very nice outside eating area, too.  I often go here by myself just to enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather, nice people and great food.  I always feel blessed when I leave.  They seemed blessed as well ~ they always seem to have a full house.  Blessings to them.  : ) KC
1	I have going there at least 1 per week and have been the biggest fan!HOWEVERTheir quality has been going DOWN DRAMATICALLY. I ordered the same salad 4 times in a row, which is  my favorite on their menu. EACH TIME, it was missing a new element, either they did not put any cheese in it, or put half of the bread it's supposed to come with, or lacking some of the veggies.Their portions have gone smaller.It's unfortunate that to save money they are trying to rip off people by small changes that are supposed to go unnoticeable, such as repetitively not putting cheese, which is the most expensive part of the salad, and not telling their clients. They also have advertised a vegetarian chili which had full chunks of chicken in it.I am SO DISAPPOINTED that my favorite eating place in town is becoming one that I would not recommend to anyone.
4	I love Wildflower.  It is really wonderful and we've been going for years (my parents actually eat there every Friday night on their weekly "date night").  Recently, the place is PACKED with tons of people, which is really a great thing and a testament to the establishment.  It has direct competition with Paradise right across the street, but Wildflower is heads above when it come to food, quality, selection and--the staff.  The staff is incredible and so nice. It's really great to see that in a restaurant.  I guess the only complaint that I have is that a lot of people come and study there, due to the free wi-fi.  That's great, but it's a bit rough when they take up all the booths on a Friday night and there's just one person sitting at each booth.  All the booths are taken up and we (and other families) come in and don't have big enough places to sit. Great food. Great service.  Oh and don't forget to try the Red, White and Blue bread! YUM!
4	I finally made it to this place after hearing nothing but great reviews from others.  Now I can see why it is held in such high regard.  If you are a fan of Paradise Bakery, this place is better...hands down.  At first glance, it appears to be identical, but on closer look it wins in two important categories.  First, the vast menu blows away the Paradise selection of "like 3 items"  There are countless sandwhiches, salads, soups and deserts.  Second of all, the prices are incredible.  It is very affordable for the quality and quantity of food.  Finally, the food is excellent.   Not that I have a problem with Paradise, but given the choice, Wildflower wins every time..
2	Gonna have to give this place a big ole' fat "MEH."My son had the "Turbo BLT" or whatever they called it.  The cheddar cheese overwhelmed the taste - my son had to take it off the bread.  The "avocado" advertised was some kind of tasteless guacamole paste.I had the Beef & Gorgonzola sammich.  Nothing remarkable about it - it was basically flavorless.I usually judge sammich places by asking myself, "Can I easily make a better sammich than this myself in my own kitchen?"The answer today for both sammiches was a resounding "HECK YES."The coconut pie was good.  Not great, just good.I can't see a return trip in my future.P.S.  Overhearing a young employee telling another one "I got my period today" and having the other one reply "I did too" does not seem very professional.  I understand how perfectly natural that conversation is - but as an employee on the job, you really shouldn't have customers overhearing that sort of thing, should you?UPDATE:  The founder contacted me and refunded my money.  And gave me a $20 gift card.  I'm going back to give them another shot.  Good business practice, standing behind and defending the company like that.  To be admired.  More companies should be so proactive.  Kudos.
3	Ate here for the first time today. I had the chicken pesto on foccacia bread, which was excellent. The service was good, the sandwich was great, and I really appreciated the free Wifi.
5	Love, love, love this place.  The menu is fantastic.  They actually have steel cut oatmeal!  Wildflower Bread Company is following the same line as Panera Bread, Paradise Bakery and Atlanta Bread Company, but better, exponentially better.  They have the best soups!  I love the Portabello Mushroom and Tomato Basil Soup.  The salads are fresh, crisp and have an abundance of veggies.  One big plus is the salads are not overpowered with dressing.I will be back!
4	Once upon a time, I said to myself, "I would never, ever, drink veggie-blended soup!" But my life changed when I took a sip of their butternut squash soup that my mom ordered *insert heavenly music*It. Was. AMAZING. I couldn't believe it was butternut squash. Actually, I still don't believe it. How is it possible that a veggie-blended soup could taste soooo good?Don't let the word "butternut" scare you! Just give it a try~
5	Have to give it 5 stars because since I moved to Gilbert about 8 months ago, it's probably the restaurant I've gone to the most times.  I keep coming back because the food is just pretty darn good.It's like a Panera but much, much better.  They have a good menu with pretty fresh food and good sandwiches.  Their chocolate croissant is also good, but it's not always available. :(The service is also kind of iffy sometimes, but in spite of everything I keep coming back, so it must be good!!
3	I feel bad giving them a mediocre rating but I'm reviewing what's in their NAME. I drove about 9 miles across Gilbert (that is quite a chore) because I wanted to serve good roast beef sandwiches for dinner and I needed good bread. I had Boar's Head roast beef, tomatoes, horseradish sauce, avocado, roasted red peppers etc I just needed great bread. Where else in Gilbert should I go? I did a Yelp search and it agreed - to this place. I arrived around 4:15 and the pickings were slim. I got the last round of sourdough and a small nine grain. I asked her to slice thick, she walked to the slicer and said it has one setting. Okay I'll slice myself. Because I love Cupcakes I also took a chocolate cupcake and my boys got a chewy brownie each. The total was about $16. We got home the bread was hard (both) soft on the deep inside so I had to grill the sandwiches with butter not my plan but it's butter, butter fixes everything. The cupcake frosting was good I ate the top threw away the 'cup' not worth the calories. I only allowed the boys to eat half the brownie each and save the other half for tomorrow as they were huge. The said they were really good. Basically, I'll buy my bread at the grocery store or at Paradise bakery as the wasted gas and time in the car was not worth it.
5	Came here for the first time after some fun apartment hunting. It was cloudy, hot, and I was feeling horrible from a bad cold. I figured a little bit of comfort food would make me feel better, and even with the hot weather, I wanted some soup! My fiance and I shared a spicy cuban sandwich and a bowl of broccoli cheddar soup. Both were super good, and I felt much much better. Although I loved our meal, I think the 5 star rating is thanks to the cranberry oatmeal cookie. O-M-G it was the most moist, most delicious cookie I have ever had. WOW sooo soft mmmm.. and the cranberries reminded me of thanksgiving. Get that cookie, you won't regret it!
4	Wildflower really is a fantastic place and I feel a bit bad giving them only 4 stars. Let me say up front that this is a place that I go frequently and I love. However, they have some great food and some...not so great food. If you like soup, try the Potato Cream Cheese.....even my husband, who's definitely not a soup fan, loved it. It's even better when you get it with the sourdough bread....it's comfort food, what can I say? Their sandwiches are mostly good. There's a few duds in there that I can't stand. I'm not a huge fan of the vegetarian one, it just tasted off to me and was a bit of a different combination of ingredients. Also, their Brie and Ham Frittata? I ended up searching around in it for the bits of ham and egg...I love brie, I just figured out I don't love it in a frittata. All in all, it really is a great place to go. My husband lives for the braised beef sandwich when they have it and their desserts are fantastic - you can't go wrong with anything in the magic glass case up front!Plus, the Tempe location is right beside Changing Hands - it's like a two for one deal! :-)
4	Great food love the spicy meat ball :)
5	Love this place. Great prices, Healthy eating, fun hangout
5	Iced coffee?  Perfect.  Banana walnut pancakes?  To die for.  I can't wait until I'm living in the area so I can eat this all the time and get as big as a house.
4	Sour Dough Bread Boule with Cream Cheese Potato Soup!  Yumm Yum!  I love the fact that this unit is NOT at a mall.  It is accross the street from a upscale strip mall.  Food was Great (but they burnt my friends bread boule.)  Service was excellent.  Young men and women working, but super nice and accomidating.  I asked for three soup samples and they were busy!  (They had three registers a ringing.)  Great people watching.  I saw an old cougar, a wicked (plastic surgry nightmare) stepmom, and a few other interesting people.    The  breadboule was cheap.  Under six bucks.
5	They have it all: salads, soups, sandwiches, coffee. All fresh, high quality and decently priced. Your only problem may be finding a seat.
5	I went to this place because of the positive reviews. A Fellow yelper recommended the Potato Cream Cheese soup- so i got it.. and it was awesome and i was definitely doubting it at first..I also got the roasted turkey brie sandwich (half sandwich with soup), also awesome.. thick slice of BRIE for a brie cheese lover is the way to go!They have samples of bread and butter at one of the entrances.. we all know what bread tastes like but this was a bonus for me to nimble on while i waited to pick up my order.:) they had pumpkin cheesecake in the display case!! I haven't tried it but i know its so good.. I'm gonna buy this tomorrow and bring it to thanksgiving dinner! (and act like i made it! just kidding) nom nom nom nom!
5	My family and I love this place!!!  The food is so tasty!  I love soup in the winter and salad in the summer so I can come here year round.... My favorite soup is the potato cream cheese and the broccoli cheese and you just can't go wrong with the Mediterranean Salad.  Among my favorites of soups and salad I also have to say that I have all wonderful experiences with all the different foods I've tried there.  The BLT with Avocado and Cheese, The Ham Sandwich and the Raviolis!!!  Okay I'm hungry again.
5	This is a very bright, clean and cheery place with a friendly efficient staff.  Wonderful breads and soups,  The half sandwich and soup combos are a favorite and you will enjoy whatever version you order.  The breakfasts are also excellent.  Be prepared to wait for a table at peak hours, since many others have already found this place!
5	Bread-eaters.  EAT HERE.This bread is so fresh and tasty.Try ANY of their soups in a bread bowl.  All of the soups are hearty and flavorful.The veggie chili is one of my faves.The salads are pretty big and come with 2 huge chunks of bread.  Everything comes with bread!Also give them a try for breakfast.I usually get this egg, brie and apple frittata thing that is sooooo yummy.  And the coffee bar is pretty good too.
5	The Roasted Sweet Potato sandwich is the most fantastic concoction ever created.  It is like Wildflower tapped into my brain a stole all of my favorite things and placed it between two gorgeous pieces of bread. Marinated fennel, fig confit, roasted sweet potato, arugula, buffalo mozzerla on focaccia bread. I warn you. It is massivee and I could barely eat 1/4th of it. But oh is it worth it. Dont think, just do it.
2	I am usually a huge fan of Wildflower, but not of this location. The coffee was old and the food was cold. When I asked to get cooked potatoes they were very sweet but still gave me cold food. Disappointed!
4	Great breakfast place and much better than Panera. Tried the lemon pancake....mmmm very good. Also had the portabella sandwich....too much on tomato but still good. After eating my gf let out a big burp in front of everyone.....well done. They have some breads that you can buy here as well.
4	Found ourselves in the area on a Sunday late morning hungry and not sure where to eat.  Found them on yelp and decided to give it a try.  I had a hot mixed grill sandwich since it was near lunchtime while my wife had a fritata since we hadn't had breakfast yet.  Our 2 year old daughter had some pancakes.  The fritata was the most impressive and best deal out of all three meals - though the childs pancakes were a close second.  The menu listed them as "silver dollar pancakes" but they were more like 3" across and quite a few of them!  My sandwich was good but the spicy corn medley side was very disappointing, tiny, not really spicy at all and the corn tasted canned.  The bread on the sandwich was outstanding but the sandwich was a little greasy overall which detracted from the bread somewhat.  But based on the other food we saw there and the other food at our table I apparently just managed to pick the most underwhelming thing on the menu as everything else looked incredible.  Service was very friendly and helpful.  Our daughter knocked her OJ off the table and a worker quickly got a mop and happily cleaned it up saying they'd bring us a replacement.  However the replacement never arrived which was the one disappointment in the service department.  Didn't really expect a replacement but once they said they'd bring one I was a little upset that it didn't show up.  If we find ourselves in the area again near breakfast time we'll most likely be back.  Not so sure I'd go back for lunch after my sandwich but would probably be willing to give them another try.I'd like to further clarify that while my written review sounds somewhat negative that's mostly because I'm using it as a chance to explain why I felt this restaurant didn't earn a full 5 star review.  And honestly my first impression of the restaurant and the food I saw on other diners plates had me expecting it would be a 5 star review.  But I also feel to earn a 5 star review pretty much everything must be perfect.  There were many aspects of our meal that warranted a 5 star review, but there were a few disappointments that unfortunately left the overall experience somewhat lower than I would expect for 5 stars.
5	I've been to this Wildflower many times as am very happy with the service and food. It is a chill place to get some decent healthy food. Highly recommend.
5	YES!  YES!!  YES!!!I love this place! Bread.  Awesome!  I love fresh baked bread!Sandwiches.  Really awesome!  I love the unique sandwich combinations and dedication to a quality product.  Soup.  Most definitely awesome.  Customer Service.  Top of the Hoops AWESOME!!Ok, so I ordered the Thanksgiving sandwich.  Yeah, that's right.  It's pretty much Thanksgiving between two pieces of the most awesome bread in the world. I'm sure that wasn't the official name but you get the point!  It was probably the best sandwich I've ever had and trust me, I've eaten a lot of sandwiches in my day.  The Thanksgiving sandwich was filled with turkey, cranberry, stuffing, and god knows what else.  But it was fantastic.  Seriously fantastic!  I'm still thinking about this sandwich many weeks later. The bread was super duper fresh and moist. The crust was perfectly crunchy and deliciously complemented every bite of this homage to Thanksgiving with victory.What else can I say about this place?  Oh yeah, that's it's awesome!!  If you haven't been here, you don't know what you're missing!!
3	Not as good as Corner Bakery in Dallas area, but along the same lines.   Would help if they had some egg white offerings.  Service ok.  Coffee better than average.
4	Love their sandwiches and soups. It's a little over priced in the way I spend 15 dollars and I am hungry later. I have ate at much healthier cheaper places. However if I had to choose between say mickey d or here. I would go here. It's never a miss , but always a unreasonable hit on my pocket book.
4	The one in Gilbert has very good service, they staff is great. The chicken noodle soup is good but a lot of salt, noddles and little veggies and chicken.The best is the Wild Flower Salad, yummy.
5	This is our favorite place to go for a good food experience   We love the salads and sandwiches   They go the extra mile to make your food experience enjoyable.  I love wild flour salad and add the salmon fillet warmed on top we r snowbirds in Mesa
5	My mom and I went in to enjoy a light dinner. I am recovering from stomach surgery and have a hard time with a lot of foods and try to put only high quality in since I am eating very little. I ordered a soup and it was okay but too salty for me. The manager walked by and I asked for a to go container. He asked if I had a problem with the soup. I told him it was a little too salty. He offered their bring me a different soup and accepted. I was thrilled with the customer service. I honestly get most of my calories from tube feeding and was thrilled to have their wonderful potato soup. I went to thank the manager for his wonderful service and told him that is why they are one of my all time favorite places and that because of the service I was going to buy bakery goods to take to the pharmacy people that were filling my perscriptions. While I was ordering another manager came over and comped me the bakery goods because they said I was so kind and that I made their day. I want to say thank you to the entire staff, you are a wonderful team. You put out a quality product and offer customer service that is amazing.  You made my night and I will be a loyal customer forever.Rozanne
4	I love this place. I feel like everything is fresh and it just feels good to eat good food. I have found my favorite thing on the menu so far is the Roast Beef & Gorgonzola sandwich. It is soooo good. Also love their tea. Always clean, food comes out promptly, and I love to sit outside and say hi to all the doggies that come to sit on the patio.
3	Lunch yesterday...first time visit. Quite crowded but that is to be expected @12:30pm on a Sat. Ordered the Spicy Cuban($8.89) and my friend the BLT Plus($7.49). Each came with a small cup of the house Orzo salad which I liked and so did my friend. My cuban was loaded with flavor which I enjoyed but a tad messy. The BLT looked decent and I heard no complaints. This location is a bit small and can be crowded during peak times. The menu deserves more exploring but I was a bit shocked that two sandwiches w/water totaled $17.74 with tax.
5	Very good, clean, tasty choices.  The soup and sandwich combo is a great choice for a light lunch.  Both the Passion fruit and Green Tea Iced tea I had were delicious.The Potato Cream Cheese soup was really good.  The BLT with smooth and creamy avocado was also 5 stars.Great bread = great sandwich.  The Gilbert location is spotless with friendly service
4	the potatoes are off the chain.. a tad bit pricey for an egg sandwich out... but overall the place is good..
4	Me and my man come here all the time, we love the food. The Staff is great the food taste good and you never feel rushed to leave. I will say that we did have one problem when the staff kind of forgot to bring us are soup. The manager did apologize right away explaining that it was not OK to have that long of a wait. She then brought us over a second order to go! Letting us know it was on the house just in case we were in a hurry and to say sorry for waiting. That kind of customer service is what keeps us coming back. The only reason i gave it a 4 star is the parking blows during busy hours were its located at has almost no parking which means sometimes we don't get wildflower. That and am not a fan of there cheese cake.
5	Great breakfast spot, lunch spot, top-notch customer service and yes, decent non-Starbuckian Iced Coffee!For breakfast, I suggest Lemon Ricotta short stack...For lunch, Chicken Pomegranate Pistachio salad...
4	Try the chocolate chip scones
5	First of all, let me say that I am the pickiest eater known to man... Seriously, I'm crazy selective about what I like and what I don't.I walked in to wildflower, never having been there before, just to check it out. I was immediately greeted and given a smile, and told that I could be helped whenever I was ready. I told the guy I'd never been here and he just kinda chuckled and told me to take my time. So I had finally decided what I wanted, and the girl that rang me up was super nice. She answered all of my inane questions with a smile and gave me details on what was in/on everything I ordered. She was awesome. When my good arrived, it was exactly how I had ordered it, and let me just say.... Their potato soup is *amazing*. I hadn't been done eating for more than 5 minutes when another really nice lady asked me if she could take my plate. All in all, such an amazing experience with super nice people, a very clean restaurant, and decent prices. I would absolutely come here again.
3	After my initial 3 star review I received a message from the Manager touting the protein quantity etc etc. I've had bigger sandwiches with more meat, cheese and lettuce. There was an offer for a coupon to try again, ok nice. Was in the area yesterday and went back for another try despite having received the coupon. Still not the biggest sandwich but the bread and fillings were fresh.
5	most amazing sandwich and salad EVER!!!!  plus the service was absolutely fantastic and the iced green tea!!!  WOWEE!!!!!!!!
2	They burnt the hell out of my toast I was looking forward to eating ever so much! I couldn't believe it! So upsetting. To go to a location specifically for the bread and to have them burn it. :(I highly doubt I'll be back to this location again if they want to burn peoples toast.
5	Okay so I get to wildflower, order my food, and wait... When it arrives, it's glorious, as is expected, but I notice something off.... My sandwich is wrong. I courteously asked the guy who brought it if my ticket reflected what I got, and he saw the mistake and remade my food. This happened twice. On the third time, the sandwich was still wrong but at least it didn't have anything gross on it anymore. I gave them 5 stars because the guy was awesome and understanding and just really cool about making my food right.
5	When I went to wildflower this time, I decided to branch out and try something different from my norm. I got the chicken Parmesan sandwich and holy God above it was good. I also got a slice of the chocolate cake. If you are a chocolate lover, a hormonal woman, or some combo of the two, you HAVE to try this cake. It is dark and smooth and sooooo good. Wildflower has yet to disappoint me... Every time I come here, it is such a great experience.
4	While the food is good/great- I can't for the life of me figure out who designed their kids menu ( which isn't even posted on the wall BTW)! The options for bread are 9 grain and sourdough- my kids always eat whole wheat at home so 9 grain was ok- although the crust was really well- crusty- and then the worst part is that they use spicy brown mustard on a kids ham and cheese! At first I thought my daughter was being dramatic and then I tried it- seriously, how is that at all kid friendly?! Plus the parking lot is ridiculous - prob the worst parking lot I've dealt with since being in San Francisco!
5	My favorite bakery/cafe in the area--beats the socks off Paradise, Kneader's, & Cafe Zupas in my opinion!  Healthier, more thoughtful options and greater variety of salads, soups, sandwiches, and pastas.  Their baked goods are also pretty amazing.  Favorites include the Wildflower Grilled Cheese Sandwich, which comes with arugula, tomatoes, and several types of cheeses (including Brie!!) on one of their amazing grilled breads.  A little bowl of tabouleh or potato salad usually comes alongside as well.  Their vegetarian soups are all delicious--selections vary by the day.  Their ravioli is great--served with some epic garlic bread.  Have never had a bad salad here either.  Cupcakes and croissants are worth trying as well!  Oh, and if you're looking for a loaf of bread, I highly recommend the Rosemary Sea Salt Sourdough!One of my favorite places to eat!
5	We live basically across the street and finally decided to come in and try Wildflower for breakfast. We didn't know how it worked when we walked in but a nice gentleman who worked there gave us the instructions to order, get our 'flag' and drinks and find a table and our order would be brought out to us.I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and they were about as perfect as you could get. Just enough lemon and the ricotta makes them moist and a great texture. They come with butter, syrup and a blueberry compote. I tried one bite with the blueberry compote which is great but I thought they were perfect with just the syrup. I also got a side of sausage which was awesome - fat links with great flavor and a bit of rosemary.My better half ordered an egg, bacon and potatoes dish and all was tasty as well. The sourdough toast was great (as it should be for a bread company). The service was really nice - several check in's asking if we needed more water or syrup and if all was well. Definitely want to go back for some of their sandwiches - the menu looks yummy and after that breakfast we will go back to try more!
4	The food was delicious and the service very friendly! I wasn't expecting someone to come around and refill my drink! The busser guy was SO nice and always smiling:) I was only slightly disappointed that I had to tell the guy at the counter 3 times that I had never been there before and he still failed to tell me how the place worked. I would have liked more clarification on that. I will definitely be back in the near future!
5	I absolutely kove Wildflower, and a lot of other people do to because it is quite busy during bkfast, lunch, and dinner times. But I dont mind because they are always quite fast at getting your food ready and bringing it to your table. I love that I can sit in and outside as well. I have never had any bad food here and I especially love the potato cream cheese soup. BONUS POINTS for being open on Sunday.
5	This Wildflower, like the one on Indian Bend which I also frequent, has super friendly and attentive staff, is always clean and is the best lunch spot around. I'm a soup lover and they always have a great selection with new choices introduced regularly.  Salads and sandwiches are also really good but I usually stick to soup. Well worth the 7 mile drive from work, I go at least twice a week. I highly  recommend Wildflower for a tasty and healthful meal.
5	I love this place! The food is delicious! The prices are great! The service is always amazing, it's all around incredible. I highly suggest that you try it, you won't regret it!!!
5	The roasted sweet potato sandwich is hands down the best sandwich I've ever eaten, it is beyond delicious!
4	Love this casual little place! I usually get the roasted tomato, egg and feta cheese sandwich with a side of potatoes. Yummy honey! And the blackberry orange lemonade will make you want to slap yo' mamma because she didn't tell you it was going to taste so good. The banana nut walnut pancakes are AWESOME in my humble opinion.  I've also had a few different flavor scones, also good eatin'. I always receive great service at this place.
5	I love everything about Wildflower.  The service is always top  notch and the food is great.  Never had any problems and the enviroment is very nice.I reccomend any dish with their pesto sauce...
5	Wildflower, how I love thee!I have never had any problems with food or staff at this location. It is always very crowded, but staff works to find you a table and get your food to you quickly! The music is also at an acceptable and comfortable volume. Go here!
5	I love this company! I have always been treated well here. The staff is nice and the food is good. It's very crowded, but the staff will work with you to find a place to sit and the food always comes quickly. They are also very kind to vegetarians. I have not gotten sick from cross contamination here at all and they are great at separating. It is good for individuals and groups! The music isn't blaring but nice and comfortable! The atmosphere is very nice. I recommend this place for sure! Their cheese ravioli is amazing as well as their Mediterranean salad!
3	Food here is good for sure. Service is great. However every time I eat here I get some kind of food poisoning as well as other people I know. Even though its good I avoid eating here now.
5	I found their food is always fresh and delicious. The staff are very kind too. The floor is clean and I like the music they play too.
5	My mom took me and my wife there for my birthday.  The food was amazing.  I went to go get a desert, and when I said it was my birthday they gave me the cinnamon roll and brownie (for my mom) for free. He was so nice about, and told me to have an awesome birthday.  This place has amazing food, but the staff was very friendly.
2	I had to wait a few days to write this because I'm so angry at being duped by these near perfect reviews. Came in at about 2 pm and, while you could still get breakfast, you could not get pasta dishes. It was breakfast or sandwiches - big disappointment. Apparently you can only get pasta after 3 pm. I ended up ordering a bunch of random stuff because my planned meal for me and kiddos was foiled. We had the potato soup (pretty average), a chicken parm sandwich (portion small and doesn't come with pasta like the other sandwiches), grilled cheese (average), and pancakes (average). The service was lackluster and the restaurant has that smell when you enter a rest home. No thanks. I will forever be perplexed as to how this place is categorized as being good. It wasn't anything I couldn't get any where else.
4	I got an email this morning with the new menu and guess what is back?! YES! The Spicy Chipotle Egg Sandwich!Hope it's here for a while, when it's gone I'll have to go back to my regular off menu order of the Salmon Frittata.
5	This restaurant is full of delicious food and an amazing, friendly staff.  This particular location is very well kept and clean including the bathrooms.  We conduct several business meetings here every week and run into other regulars who also favor this spot over the over-crowded and very dirty Paradise Bakery across Baseline.  Thank you!
5	Simply exceptional. Good food, great quality, great service. Great atmosphere - very relaxed and quiet. Good place to think or have a chat with spouse or friend.
5	Love the service. Love the food. Love the environment. :)
