4	I've been about a half dozen times for the food, which is pretty good.  Not superb, but pretty good... with your standard mariscos fare -- I seem to always get their campachana, but the fried tilapia is good, too.  I discovered it about four years ago when I first came to Vegas as a tourist and didn't want to eat on the strip.What is a treat are the mariachis who are here in abundance, especially on the weekend.  Reminds me of the affairs I used to see in East LA -- all locals all the time and families in abundance.I was here once where I think they had no less than four FULL mariachi bands going one after another and typically they have at least one group playing, walking about.It doesn't look like much on the outside, next to a small strip mall, and with nothing significant about it; but trust me... it's worth going to at least once.
4	Was at Broad acres swap meet one Sunday with my wonderful girlfriend and wanted to try something new for lunch. Our eye was drawn across the street to an interesting sign and full parking lot so we decided to give Las Islitas a try. We were very pleased to see the full restaurant and friendly staff when we came in the door. We were seated quickly and placed an order. While waiting for our meal we enjoyed the mariachi band and took in the decor, very nice. Amanda's oysters came out quickly along with my shrimp Ceviche tostada, both were very good. We've enjoyed their shrimp tacos, burritos, and shrimp diablo. There are flat screens on usually set to football games or news, and the juke box can be a bit loud at times but all in all it's well worth it!
5	Fell in love with this place! Loved everything about it. The ONLY thing that I wasn't too happy about is that they do not sell any other alcoholic beverage other than beer. I hate beer but that's besides the point. Everyone else there though seemed to enjoy their Micheladas (the ones you drink to cure a hangover). It is the perfect place to go for sunday brunch... I had heard about this place and made it a point to visit the next time I was in Vegas. There are other locations in Vegas from the same chain of restaurants but THIS ONE is the one you have to try. If you're into Mexican food & music... you'll like this place. Haha we liked it so much we got there at 1 pm and didn't leave 'till 8 PM!! yup... 7 hrs! My friends & I love listening to Banda, Mariachi and Conjunto music... this place has all 3. Agarramos el conjunto por un buen rato! Buena parranda que nos metimos. While my friends all got tipsy (the like beer) I had to be the sober one, BUT I had an amazing time. The food was great too. The decor of the place is pretty cool. Cannot wait to go back. LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!!
3	right off the bat, i wasn't impressed with the ultra-mild, almost bland, comp chips and salsa.  i did love the way they soaked my shrimp ceviche tostada in loads of delicious lime.  the amount of shrimp was generous, but the prices seem steep.  however, i will consider a return visit next time i get a hanckering for mexican style seafood.  the building itself was clean and feels wide and open.  the service was good and wait time was minimal (considering the food was prepared fresh)
5	I went to this incredible mexican restaurant w/ my dad's niece and her family just tonight. When i took the first bite. the reaction was 'holy cow, i have never tasted such incredibility in my whole life!'What my party ordered was the fish platter that serves six, carne asada because my sister abhors seafood for unknown reasons, and the cuccaracha shrimp. I thought i would not like it, but i was wrong. and the best thing was there was a mariachi band that played continuous music.for reasons i cannot fathom. The green habanero sauce got me crazy with tastebud scorching. The sauce was so spicy, my nose started bleeding, it was that spicy. The bill was kind of pricey, but after the service, quality, and satisfaction form the meal; i felt that the experience was worth every last cent. Plus, their tortilla chips were not like i would normally see, instead it was like a tostada disc. they were pretty good as well.As a matter of fact, everything; down to the last piece of shrimp was worth the drive and the expense my party incurred. In conclusion, if you are in the mood, for certified pure mexican seafood, big portions, and consistently friendly service...You have come to the correct place.
5	this place really rocks!...the food is delish...we dont mind the drive from the strip to come and enjoy some good food, drinks, and live musicos!!! the tacos al gobernador are yummy and the pulpitos are a must try! dont leave vegas without stopping by!
2	ay caramba! where do I start..... It all started because of a nasty tasting can of Budweiser of CHELADA, (beer of choice with lemon, salt clamato and spicy stuff) and this place was recommended because they have the best....well they do!! Here we go: -TIME Fast and courteous with beautiful Spanish accents sneaking through their English words, the waitresses were prompt and kept checking on us from time to time, we certainly kept them busy. -TASTE This is where I have issues, My friend had the 7 mares and stated it was good I wouldn't know because I stay away from crab, the Alambres were a bit salty but the rice and beans were delicious, keep in mind that rice and beans are always a big failure in most restaurants, the beans here are fresh and so its the rice, nothing was from a can or a box, awesome! I ordered a dozen of raw oysters and they were semi fresh, obviously we are in the middle of the desert so I wont expect much... they were OK. Here is where I saw a major failure: the Fish Ceviche, I expected the usual ceviche that is chopped but theirs was mashed up, the waitress explained that it was Nayarit style but I'm not convinced, it was like canned tuna with lime juice, no major flavor. The tortillas are not made on site by hand, they are store bought, I believe that is a major fail in a big Mexican restaurant, also they were not tasty. THE CHELADA: the main reason why I came here, it was great!! I would go back just for that! I ordered it with a Victoria beer (recently they just started importing it from Mexico) the spice/salt on the glass rim was just right with the perfect amount of clamato....the whole thing was refreshing. THE FLAN!!! omg I almost forgot about this awesome oven baked flan, it was creamy and sweet...I highly recommend it!-CLEANLINESS As clean as a busy restaurant can be, the salsa bottles on the table needed to be wiped other than that the place its old but well maintained. -THE RUNDOWN A bit pricey for the quality of food, good atmosphere, a bit noisy sometimes I couldn't speak to my friend on the other side of the table due to the high volume music on the speakers. They do play the Soccer games on TV so that's a plus if you like Soccer, beer and a good time. I would go back for the Cheladas.
3	The michelada is really what brought me here as I've been wanting to try it since I saw my friends postings. Beer of your choice mixed with clamato in a lime/salt/chili rimmed mug....so good!!!Food is just okay, some were a hit (shrimp ceviche) some were not (fish ceviche). The raw oysters tasted fresh enough and the raw oysters topped with shrimp ceviche was delish.  The fish ceviche tasted "off", kinda mushy, really not to my liking at all.  I've had much better back home in SF...The seven seas soup had fresh seafood but the broth was quite salty and lacked something...can't quite put my finger on it.. I've had better elsewhere.My other half had carne sasada and enjoyed his dish, while another of my dining cohorts had the Alhambres- steak/chicken with veggies with cheese.  That was a bit salty also but their rice and beans were actually better than most places.  They served corn tortillas but were not homemade, same kind you buy at the grocery stores...too bad...Overall- it was just okay, I would go back just for the cheladas and shrimp ceviche.  The prices are kinda steep, the bill came to $166 for the 5 of us, with only 3 people actually ordering entrees, the rest was the drinks and appetizers..
5	I always get the "drowned shrimp" and it"s delicious. Great service and food.
5	bomb!!!
4	best micheladas i've tried so far anywhere...lime juice shrimp soup and clamato in it..Delicious...good place to get the hangover out of you
5	Must admit, the ceviche here the THE BEST EVERRR . came here for breakfast twice and was pleased both times. got pretty faded too, even tho they have pretty basic beer, corona, negra modelo, and dos x, $4.50 each. mariachi and ppl sellin flowers on sat morning, got pretty crowded and loud but was a pretty good spot to start off the day.
5	Great food.  I don't ever make a vegas trip without stopping by...I've had the campechana,  the shrimp wrapped in bacon.... And of course the micheladas.Campechana is fresh...  Squid, shrimp, abalone, oysters...  cucumbers, tomaties avocado...  Where other mariscos places fail is allowing this concoction to get watery.  It kills the taste...  but islitas manages to avoid that.The shrimp wrapped in bacon changed my life.  I literally walked out a different person.  Shrimp...  wrapped in bacon.  I mean come on??  The micheladas are tomato juice, oyster sauce and beer of your choice. I like dos XX lager.This place makes a great hang out for those of mexican descent.  There are conjuntos playing classic songs.  I'm not mexican so i don't care much for it.  But its still fun nonetheless.The environment is a bit on the paisa side but what do  you expect from a mariscos joint?The staff are really friendly and they are eager to serve.  Every time i visit they greet you with a smile and make great recommendations. I'm glad I was introduced to this place...  very glad. Thanks Ale!
5	yuummm!  I love well done seafood and this place has it all seafood and every way possible plus the live music on a sunday afternoon with a bucket of Pacificos, was just perfect. there are like 6 different ones, I went to the North Vegas spot.  it was great and not so pricey.
3	Some reviews are not purely based on food, this is one of those places for me.  We were in the mood for Micheladas and have been looking for a place to find them GOOD ones not beer and tomato juice.  A Michelada is prepared with beer, lime, salt, and particular hot sauces or chile slices. There are several other optional ingredients.  And ohh soo good!  I have had them at the outdoor swap meet before but it is just to darn hot out right now to go out there and get them.  So our quest begins... We search the web including Yelp and found this place.  The ambiance is awesome fun and makes you want to have some fun!  We walk in and they have dueling mariachi bands!  AWESOME!  LOL I had a blast drinking my micheladas and hanging with friends and having a snack.This review is based solely on my experience and my drinks, I did not enjoy my food it was mediocre at best but I would go back for the drinks and the fun time I had.
1	So finally decided to check out this restaurant, I am somewhat a picky eater, (chef) but who isn't?? we should feel satisfied at the end of our meal! we are the ones paying the $$..So my wife and my 3 year old son came in for my Birthday, we arrived at around 130p.m. on a Wednesday, as we entered we were promptly seated by what would be our server (if you want to call him that..) we waited a good 7 minutes for our "chips n salsa" which was like 6 Tostadas and a salsa that you could tell was from a can and they just added some onions and cilantro..this was a big time Fail, and it was served in a small plastic 2-3 OZ container..no Mexican molcajete here..and as I am looking at their prices I cant see how they cant afford them. So my wife ordered the shrimp ceviche tostadas about $5 each and a coke, I ordered my son some chicken fingers and fries. myself I ordered a large Campechana, which was a little high for me I think..$16. After waiting for about 12-15 minutes we finally got our meal, minus my son's food. so we started digging in, my wife said her food was OK.. but after finding 3 shrimp shells in her tostadas she was turned off. while this is going on we are still waiting for my sons food to arrive..it was probably 10 minutes into our meal that he finally got his chicken fingers.. the server just dropped them off and didnt ask if he wanted ranch or bbq. My michelada didn't even have clamato in it. The broth for my Campechana had no flavor I wasn't satisfied . In the end waiting for our check and the opportunity to ask for a box was also a long wait. When I finally asked the server proceeded to sweep the floor and until finishing he then brought the bill. All in all not somewhere I go to again.
4	Les recomiendo la botana mixta :) trae un pokito de todo excelente para k coman una familia de 4.
5	Ok this place is great, the micheladas really hit the spot after a massive hangover. It was 12 of us and surprisingly  we were seated immediately. I ordered an "aguachile" which is raw shrimp cooked in spicy lime juice garnished with sliced cucumbers and red onions, a dz oysters and a seafood stew. Ok ok I shared the oysters and aguachile with my brother in law.. The aguachile was really really good, the green chile is frkn amazing, the stew is definitely a hangover cure! this will be our new hangover cure spot in Vegas!
3	I been a customer of this place for about 10 years every year in September we go to Las Vegas and our first stop after getting our rental car is always been this place, well let me told you that this year I was very dissatisfied with the service we got, the food was very bland my wife order fish ceviche and after we all got our food the server tells my wife " oh I'm sorry the ceviche is not ready yet they making it as we speak" so she didn't get her food until we were almost finish, I'll give it another try on our next year trip I hope they improve and the owner needs to be friendly he never smiles, let me tell you owner don't take your customers for granted and you need to bring the mariachi bands on the week days again
4	I read a review somewhere that said this place had the best fish tacos in town...actually, all I knew was that I read a review giving the title of 'best fish tacos' to a place on Nellis Blvd with Mariscos in the name. I was working on this side of town for a couple months and drove past Mariscos Las Islitas daily. It's in a pretty random and trashy strip mall, but I finally decided to give it a try. I was on my lunch hour, so I didn't sample the famous micheladas or ceviche, but I did get the fish and shrimp tacos. They were excellent, maybe even the best in town. The shrimp and fish were both lightly fried in a delicious crispy batter, the chunks were meaty, and the tacos were accompanied by the usual cabbage 'slaw' mix and a little bit of sauce. Overall, the tacos were excellent, and I think average-priced, at ~$10 for 3.It's not a takeout place, which probably explains all the seafood and the love for the micheladas, but I got mine to go, so I can't comment on the service.Overall, the food was delicious, and I will be back when I have some adventurous souls in tow (just because it's a long drive) or when I'm working in the area again.
5	Best place to get mariscos in Vegas!
5	Wow, this is the best Mariscos in vegas... And I'm from Cali.. It's better than the Mariscos in Cali too... If you have a hangover, it's sooo worth the drive.. They have different live bands, mariachi, banda, conjunto norteno...  The food prices are reasonable and you won't be disappointed.
4	I love this place... Especially their Oysters with ceviche on top (Amazing with a preparada by the way). They have live music which makes the environment even better!
5	talk about great food and service!!! this place has got the best Mexican style sea food i've EVER had. The plates are authentic, delicious, and well priced. from the shrimp to the oysters, all dishes were super tasty plus the service was attentive and friendly. Consider leaving the strip if you are in the area and take the drive down to this spot. You will not regret it.
5	Great octopus get it b ready !!
5	This place has great food and service!! I'm from Los Angeles and this is the spot where me and my family always go to when were in Las Vegas. They have the best Mexican seafood in town. The plates are delicious and well priced. The micheladas are the best that I've tried so far! So if you're in Las Vegas go to this restaurant you won't regret it.
5	I'm giving this place 5stars because I had a great time. I went to Vegas this past weekend for the canelo fight. So it was very packed, I'm talking about an hour to two hour wait. I have never had so much fun waiting to be seated everyone outside was drinking and some were dancing to the musicos. While waiting i had a michelada which is not my drink of choice but i was treated so i complied. When we were finally seated I ordered the mojarra frita which was sooo good and buttery. Then my cuzns and I where bought 2 buckets of beer and a bucket of flowers which was very sweet. We came back the next day because of how much we liked it. It's a must now every time we come to Vegas!!
3	3 stars only since I didn't like my food. I ordered a Campechana and they put a lot similar crab with mayonnaise.I from Sinaloa and we don't put thoseThings in a Campechana but whatever.My family ordered shrimp  cocktailsAnd they were good.Music was awesome, they had a Live Mariachi band playing but hey it's not FREE no no no!! We had to pay $20 per song ,luckily we only ordered one lol.I probably come back if I feel like Mexican seafood and try some other dishesOn the menu,definitely ask how is it made  before ordering.
5	The most amazing micheladas and horchatas in life are born here...not te mention all the food here is absolutely amazing especially good for hangovers...great service, good music an all around terrific restaurant!
4	My husband took me to this place for a date. I felt like I was in Mexico! There were live mariachi band and balloon clown. It was packed during the whole time we were there. Food was very decent. We had shrimp chiveche and oysters on shell. They both tasted fresh. There were also several tv on wall showing ball games like sports bar. Overall, this is a very cute Mexican Seafood restaurant with full of energy. I would like to bring more friends and family here to have true Mexican dinning experience.
5	Diamond in the rough. We were referred here by friends a couple years ago and have never looked back. Very Authentic.  Great Atmosphere.  Place is usually packed. And haven't tried anything there I haven't absolutely loved.  The shrimp empanadas are a MUST!  Best fish taco I've had in Vegas. Carne Asada & Fried Shrimp platter are fantastic.
4	Great spot to have good food and hear great Mexican music.When one band stops the other continues.You really don't have to pay for live music unless no one is asking to play a song.Check this place out. You will have a great time.
3	Bomb.com but 1hour wait FK that. with all the $$ they make they need to expand the place.
3	Overpriced? Yes... wait times for food are bad, so keep that in mind when coming. Service is friendly but absolutely no peace while eating. ... there was a clown, a guy selling flowers, a girl selling cds, mariachi and banda... food is average and overpriced.
5	Food is off the hook. The place is known for shrimp.  Big size plates big crowds. Even through they messed up my order we kept it and I got another plate.
4	Great food, service,  and environment!!! Their Micheladas are the best. Their food is very good and authentic. We ordered the ostiones preparados, ceviche, and a vuelve a la vida. Everything was delicious and our server was very attentive. If you're okay with a mariachi playing while you eat,this is the place to enjoy great food and music in Vegas.
1	My husband and I went here on a Saturday night at about 9:30pm. It was not very busy but it was so loud, it was ridiculous. There were two "bands" playing. One band had a tuba player and it was so loud that it sounded like there was an elephant in the room. I ordered a Diet Coke to start and I wouldn't have mind paying $2.50 for it, except for it came in a can. I think $2.50 for a can of Diet Coke (so no free refills) is way too expensive. In fact, almost everything on the menu was very expensive (most entrees are between $17 and $25), considering that the restaurant itself is very informal (almost like a diner), I thought that the prices were way too high. Between the high prices and the loud tuba, we didn't even stay long enough to order food. Unless you like very loud tuba music and like paying very high prices for seafood (given the atmosphere), I wouldn't go here.
5	The best Coctel de Camaron I've ever had! And the Micheladas are fantastic! Yes it does get crowded so expect a long wait time, but I've seen the waiters do everything they possibly can to get your group seated as quickly as possible. Yes, there is live music. So if you don't want to hear Mariachi or Norteno while you're eating, don't come.  Yes, they specialize in seafood (thus, the name). Yes, there are vendors who will try to sell you things. Another words, it's pretty much just like having mariscos in Puerto Nuevo, Mexico. So if you don't quite understand the music, the food, the culture, then don't come with expectations of something like El Torito or Chilis.
5	Came here on a Sunday afternoon, it was pack. Had the michelada while we waited to be seated. Michelada was delicious. Not too long of a wait. Live music. Seafood was fresh and delicious. Def try the pina mixta. Omg my mouth is watering thinking about it. Go to spot if u ever out in vegas and want authentic Mexican seafood
3	Went here because a friend wanted to try it out. Prices are too high and the quality of food isn't that great. Great atmosphere but that's about it
5	ordered some shrimp tacos.. super yummy...        jaiva tostada... not so much... Micheladas! amazing.....        Enjoyed Nice Banda....for hours.... and good atmosphere!!! definitely will come again... Service on Point...very courteous! with a large group of people
5	Iv been here 2 times now with my boyfriend and we're going to keep coming back! There's nothing like ceviche and a preparada for any day of the year. And this is the place to go! The environment of the restaurant feels so authentic!  You could only imagine how the food will be. And the service was as excellent as the food. A little over priced but a great place and I would definitely recommend.
4	First timer from California at this place and I loved it! Wait time to get a table might take a while since this place is highly solicited, but meanwhile you can enjoy a nice cold beer while listening to the banda play outside. Once you're in, your ears will be greeted by more awesome Mexican music that makes you just want to grab a beer and sing along. We got our order taken pretty quick, but food wait time was a little delayed since it was pretty crowded and thats understable. Once i got my plate I could not believe the amount of shrimp that was on there. They arent stingy at all with the shrimp and well hey im fine with that. I ordered the camarones al mojo de ajo and I loved them. I definitely recommend this place if you want some good food, big portions and some good loud Mexican music.
4	Ambiente super perfecto!!
1	Would have so enjoyed it more if during our conversation we did not have to scream to each other to be heard. We made the mistake of going on a late afternoon Saturday, between the blaring jukebox so loud that it made your ears almost bleed and the even louder mariachis playing in between the jukebox music, we couldn't even enjoy our meal. Don't think we will be back, although the food was good, it isn't worth the risk of going deaf!
3	The food is OK is not bad but is not the best sea food neither the decoration as many mexicans restaurants is scandalous the biggest problem here is too loud there is a band playing live terrible music that I can't even talk to my wife or place my order to my waitress really...I'm Mexican so don't say I'm being racist  IT SAYS IT'S A RESTAURANT NOT A BAR OR A CLUB you came here to eat in peace not to dance for God's sake besides there is an army of people trying to sell you illegals copies of movies and all kind of things. ...I THINK IM GOING TO TRY TO SELL EARPLUGS HERE AND START MY OWN BUSINESS
1	I came here after a weekend of fun in Vegas, hoping to have some amazing food.. but I was extremely disappointed. . I ordered two tostadas one ceviche de pescado and a ceviche de camaron, with a side of two empanadas de camaron. . The food was very plain and bland no flavor .. And the service was horrible they took forever to take our order and even longer to bring out our food. the only good thing about this place was the live music.
1	Very disappointed in the service that place offers...The wait staff should get proper training in regards to customer service we had a guy approach the table and ask us for drinks. .then a min later another one. ..we told him that someone else had taken it...Once we got our drinks the server came and got our order. ..then a lady asked if we were ready. ..I was so confused didn't know who our server was...appetizer was brought out and then our entree but our appetizer was taken away :-(. .. we were not done. .I order a carne asada plate. ..but once I tasted it I realized it was not carne asada it was more like milanesa. .I told the waitress cause she said that now she was our waitress. .and she said I dunno. ..seemed so confused. ..I asked to speak to the Mgr....and 5 mins must of past and I asked her if she had told him and she said I don't think he will come. ..but 4 min later a server who was on the other side came and acted like the mgr. He was soo rude unprofessional and told me that it was good carne asada that he had sold over 50 plates that day and I was the only one that didn't like it. ..didn't help whatsoever. ..I didn't eat...left very upset and noone checked on us after wards. .I would of totally walked out. ..but I believe in karma. ..so i had to hunt down someone to pay. ..not going back
5	Awesome place para la cruda...... Good Mariscos and if you head over during the weekend Mariachi and Trio playing... You have to try the Michilada and the mojara.... all in all fast service/nice atmosphere/good food.....
5	Idk how this place doesn't have 5 stars! best Mariscos I've ever had!!! And the Michies are delish also... Makes me want to drive from LA to Vegas every weekend!
1	Me and the wife decided to give this place a try. We came in on a Thursday and the World Cup was going on,it was a bit loud but to be expected. I ordered the dozen oysters, seafood bowl, and chicken fajitas. We washed that down with hands down one of the best red beers I have ever had. Now onto the food. The waitress brought us out two waters which we didn't ask for and charged 1.50 a piece for them. The oysters were hands-down the worst oysters that I have ever tried in my entire life. They were not spoiled however they taste like River water smells and they were not cold even though they were served on a bed of ice. The seafood bowl was equally tasting like River water with a bit of saltiness however the broth was completely tasteless besides the hot sauce and salt and I put into it. The chicken fajitas were cooked well there was plenty of chicken fajita and also came with a side of rice and beans however the tortilla wraps or disgusting and fell apart in your mouth while you're eating. The prices are absolutely ridiculous the chicken fajitas were $16 my seafood bowl was 17 ,two beers were seven dollars apiece you could just go and get the same quality food for probably a third or a half of the cost.The only redeeming factor of this place is the furniture inside does have a Mexican island feel and the Mariachi band was pretty cool but the food is utter trash and the level of attention that the workers placed on the customers was also poor.I understand the World Cup was going on however these employees are being paid to serve customers but without the customers they would be out on the ass.
5	I will definitely be back whenever I'm in Vegas again. Found this place on yelp because I was craving a michelada to cure the alcohol withdrawal from punk rock bowling. My significant other and I shared oysters that were fresh, super clean and delicious. What I mean by clean is they did not taste like the ocean floor nor did they have any shell chips from being pried open. I had the shrimp cocktail which was ok-good but ok. My boyfriend had the camarones a la diabla which were perfect. Great flavor and not too spicy that he couldn't enjoy them. Micheladas were perfect! We also shared a shrimp empanada since the reviews on here all raved about them...they were not kidding. It was better than my cocktail. The restaurant was busy but service was good. They have a few televisions and even live music so it's also pretty loud; which if you're Hispanic you should be accustomed to that. LoL
5	Great place to go eat and listen to music. Ive been here a couple of times and the food and service was awesome ,recently came to watch the world cup game and had a blast i definitely recommend this place whether to eat watch a game or just spend time with family .
5	If you are hungover and in Las Vegas you need to come here! It's about 20 minutes from the strip but I guarantee you it's worth the drive. The place is very colorful. The music is good and the service is more than great!Let's talk about the food though. I had the aguachiles. This is my favorite Mexican seafood dish. The ones here are just so good. The perfect amount of lime and chile. They also give you a side of chile which I made sure to use. My mouth is watering just thinking about the taste. I also tried the shrimp ceviche and it was just as good! The serving size looks small but it's actually enough for about 3 tostadas. They give you a lot of shrimp. We also ordered 4 shrimp empanadas thinking they would be small but boy were we wrong. They were huge! It was only 2 of us and we would've been good with just 1 each. The waitress recommended we mix  mayo with the green chile sauce it comes with. Good thing we listened to her because it was amazing. We also had 2 refreshing micheladas. This place is a must when you're in Vegas! You won't regret it and you'll leave satisfied.
3	If you are on the SW side of town, in Spring Valley there is a restaurant called Las Islitas Mariscos that is owned by the same management. Both have delicious micheladas but the service lacks a bit at both restaurants. Ceviche and shrimp empanadas are good as well!!!
4	Fantastic guacamole and ceviche. Unassuming location.  Pl turn down the loud tv station, tho...
5	First thing is first, do not come here with a hangover.While the food will definitely satisfy and cure the hangover, the loud music will not.Service:For as busy as it was, especially on a post-vegas weekend Sunday, me and my party of five were quickly seated and orders were taken. We had our main server and then greeted and noticed by other ones too. The wait was 15 minutes or less. The staff was so friendly, and very attentive.Food:I ordered the Tacos de Pescado (fish tacos).Not only did they NOT rob you on your 'fish' part of the tacos, it was the perfectly prepared. Topped off my tacos with their red salsa which is delicious, not too spicy!Definitely a MUST-HAVE!Environment:If you love mariachis music and bright colorfulness, then definitely come here.And since you're close to the people around you I do not recommend if you don't like people and loud music.
5	Great food! Im from California but heard about this place so many times I thought i would give it a shot instead of going to the buffets and it was worth it! The shrimp was not over cooked like other places. The empanadas were by far the best i have ever had, I cant wait to go back to vegas and try another dish. Also they have love music playing, the vibe is great. I would definitely recommend this place
4	Great food, good service and fab drinks. The only con is the prices... it was almost $80 just for me and my husband. Too expensive.
5	This place is really good. The food is great. Seafood is fresh and they have good  micheladas. Its a very busy restaurant but their service is great. They brought us drinks outside while we waited to be seated. Definitely recommend this place if u are ever in Las Vegas with or without a hangover.
5	Love  love  love  this place real  good seafood so fresh very good service  live  music  banda its very busy they served  you drinks out side while you wait for  your table . Had lots of fun and  joy my food :) ;) we will definitely  come back , l
1	Muy mal y lento servicio.. LA comida sin savor no pidan el ceviche De pescado save asquerozo. Las micheladas ni se diga ..
1	The food was really good. But what is good food with bad service. Your spending a lot of money there for the waitress to ignore you. Maybe someone should tell them they get bigger tips if you're more attentive to your customers.
5	Hangover heaven.... The my---cheladas are so good.. Very well prepared.. Had some others to start.. Since my appetite was not there yet it hit the spot. Its worth the drive and the wait... Oh ya there's a wait. This place is packed.... Lots of drinkers in Vegas....
5	My friend took me here and man their food was delicious! I got the fried tilapia w beans and rice and flour tortillas. The fish was fried to perfection! Lightly seasoned which is perfect because I like to add hot sauce. The server was super sweet. And omg their beer w the mango bits and chile salt rim- yum! Definitely recommended for quality authentic Mexican food! I wish it was closer to my side of town but it's worth the drive.
4	Tried this mariscos spot last week while in vegas and Loved it!  Everything we ordered was so tasty.  From the coctel de camaron to the shrimp ceviche oysters.  And can't leave out the micheladas...yum!!! Best spot to get rid of the Vegas hangover!
5	THEE BEST!!!!!!!!!! You have never had mariscos like this before, I promise you!! It's a must when in Vegas
5	Really good food the seafood was delicious... But don't go there on weekends a lot of people was waiting just to get a table it was full the restaurant, but the wait is worth a really tasting food. The staff is very friendly.. Well I recommend to go here...
4	If you like hard core ethnic Mexican food, you'll love this place. We go every now and again and are always smiling when we leave. Most of the staff speak little or no English and we have to point to items pictured on the menu, but it's always tasty and they are very friendly. I have no idea of what I ordered, some kind of Asada, but was hella good. Worth the stop.
2	Cool hangout spot. Cool ambience. I enjoyed the musicians. But the food is way overpriced. The food is average, I've had better. Service was bad.
4	My family ordered oysters and prepared oysters as appetizers. Both were fresh & delicious. For our meal we had camarones inperiales, campechana, camarones a la diabla, empanadas de camaron and quesadillas..all of the food was made to perfection and it was super delicious. The michiladas were great and a great cure for our hangovers. My only complain is all the people that go into the restaurant to sell you souvenirs. During our meal a man came around our table and took a couple of pictures...a few minutes later he came back with our pictures developed in a frame and demanded $15! We were never told we had to buy the pictures if he took them. Another lady also came up to us and put a bouquet of flowers in our husbands hands and said you need to give these to your wife and pay me $20. She stayed in our table for a good 20 minutes trying to convince all our men to buy a bouquet. Overall I would say the food is awesome but you should get rid of all the sales persons that go in trying to hustle you for $$
5	Que rica comida!!! We ordered ceviche de Cameron en salsa Verde and I have to tell you I actually just want to go back to eat that lol. The banda sucks they don't know a lot of songs. We had to sing some for them. But my 5 stars are for the amazing service the micheladas ceviche aguachiles and agua de coco.
