5	You must order the bacon-wrapped dates w blue cheese and almond. Great music, atmosphere and staff. Outside patio area when weather is nice. The chicken salad and the filet sliders are also a must at Firefly Sahara on the west side.  And of course, if you are thirsty, their mojitos and sangria will hit the spot.
4	I HATE GOING TO RESTAURANTS THAT MAKE ME FEEL LIKE I'M AT A CLUB BY BLASTING THEIR MUSIC SO LOUD THAT I CANNOT HEAR THE PERSON THAT I AM TRYING TO CONVERSE WITH!!!! OMG. It's the same story at the other location on Paradise which I used to visit quite frequently... By the end of the night I feel like I was lost my voice. Gah, minus 1-star for that. Their menu is pretty much the same, the waiter mentioned that they only changed the wine list but other than that, pretty much the same. I do have to mention that in the last year or so the size of the dishes seem to be shrinking but the prices are staying the same. Not too happy about that but whatever, the food is pretty good. We ordered: Gazpacho (Cold Soup), Albondigas (Meatballs), Pulpo Asado (Squid or Octopus, eh, something w/ tentacles), Lamb Skewers, Mango Mojito, and Tres Leches. All flavorful and full of goonie goodness! If you're not accustomed to cold soup, I really don't suggest the Gazpacho... I'm the only one out of my friends and family that like it LOL. Parking wasn't too bad, then again we lucked out since we found a spot right out front. RESERVATIONS, yes, I do suggest them. There were tons of people waiting and seemed a little annoyed when we were seated before them and they had been there way before us. Anyone that has eaten at Firefly, you know that there can be a 2 hr wait, so please, don't come without a reservation and definitely do NOT come hungry!
4	This place was AWESOME!  Great TAPAS and a really nice environment.   The only problem we had was not knowing when to stop ordering!  Well....that and we were slightly underdressed compared to the other clients.
4	The food was amazing! Great happy hour specials too. They just need to add more tables and more staff...then it will make the five star rating.
5	Love the first Firefly*, love this one too.  There are a few differences of course, but the food, drink and atmosphere are all great. Happy hour is nice, all drinks, not just 4-5 things like other places around.  All in all it's great, maybe better than the first just because I can drive home in minutes from here.Welcome to the neighborhood Firefly!
3	I am a lover of the original Firefly (so much so that I was there 3  times in a week and a half recently)- so when I heard the new, much closer location in Summerlin was open- I brought my out of town guests here for some nibbles.I used to visit this building years ago when it was Z Tejas, and the new decor is right in line with the Firefly brand. Love the painted walls and the layout is not too crowded and not as loud. I would suggest a long communal table- truly Spanish style!Hostess I called was much friendlier and more helpful than original location, and we had no wait to be seated (a first!) The dinner rush was subsiding, as it was after 9pm, but a fair amount of tables were still there- only a few were empty.We ordered all of our regular items and most were really good. There is always a learning curve at any new place, and I took that in to account in this review.Garden Variety Salad- smaller than the original location and not as many "goodies" but still very edible!Boquerones (Anchovy toast)- Good but bread not toasted- had to send back.  Beautiful presentation and this cook likes to use his sauce bottles;)Artichoke toast- Bread not toasted (really? it's on the menu as toast) and there was a little push back from the waiter when I sent them back to be toasted. Oil and dressing were fanstastic on these- much more flavorful than the original!Mac n Cheese- excellent!Stuffed Chilis- Amazing and on par with the original location.StaffWaiter had too many tables and wasn't all that attentive. He wasn't as familiar with the menu as I would have hoped- but again, they just opened. Luckily for him, he had good support.Busboy- AMAZING! If he wasn't trained at the original location, I would be surprised. He was very attentive and bent over backwards to make sure our meal was perfect after we sent back the toast(s).Manager?- there was someone in a suit flittering around, not sure who he was, but he didn't stop and address the table- only the staff when we sent something back. Would have been nice for him to have received our feedback personally, not just from the staff. No harm done though, and I was glad to see someone was there.Overall- I can't wait for this place to gain some more experience and really shine! I will go back, I did enjoy the meal and wine and wouldn't hesitate to send friends there, with the caveat that they are still working out the kinks.
4	This was our first time with tapas.  Didn't know it was really small appetizers.  I'm not sure if you just go there to hang out and snack as you would have to order several dishes to make a meal if you were really hungry. However, the food was some of the BEST we've had.  Very upscale little bites of heaven.  Which makes me torn if it's too expensive for 4 bites because the quality was just sooooo good.
5	I guess I could discount my rating by a half a star for having to drive around looking for parking...or parking across the street and walking in...but in all fairness it was a small price to pay for the rest of the evening.  I arrived with nine good friends...yes, I had a reservation...still had to wait about 30 minutes since all the tables were full and no one was leaving...even the manager seemed perplexed on how to solve that in a positive customer service way.  Luckily, we were served our first round of sangria which made the wait pass quickly.The food, was...according to myself and most of the group..."a 12 on a 1-10 scale.  In all fairness, there were a few dishes...when you have that many people you get to try a lot of things (one of the great things about this style of dining)...that weren't finished when we asked they be taken away to make more room for the new items coming out.As this was a first for most of the group, I could sense their concern at having enough to eat if you aren't familiar with tapas.  By the end of the evening all concerns taken care of.The staff...some of which were noticeably new...did a great job with a large group.I will be a regular customer every trip to Las Vegas...
3	The Skinny: affordable fusion-Spanish tapas with some hits and misses (3.5), service: not as prompt as the Paradise locations - then again, we went when the place wasn't official open, lol! (3), value: for what it is, it isn't a bad place to hang out and nibble on some snacks. I have to say though - the chocolate tres leches is to die for! (3.5)My hubby and I came with a group of friends to enjoy Firefly two weeks prior to the official opening date. I have to say - the place was pretty hopping from the get go and we got the feeling that the staff wasn't quite ready for it (ie, long waits for drinks, lengthy time between dishes). Seeing at how the Paradise location operates, I'm sure once their open for good, the service will be brisk and efficient.The beauty of tapas is that you can try a little bit of everything - sorta family style. We were enthused that we now had a location so close to our neighbourhood.So we ordered the thai beef salad, the chicken salad, the ahi tuna tartare, meatballs, filet mignon sliders, diablo shrimp, some skewers (steak and mushroom, chicken), crispy duck rolls, and the grilled Merguez sausage.Overall - I have to say that the dishes were only so-so - nothing terribly exciting and would generally rate a 3 stars. The food was generally seasoned well however were often times overpowered by a strong sauce (ex. meatballs, diablo shrimp). The proteins in general tended to be on the overcooked end of things (the Merguez and the skewers tended to be a trifle dry). And the Asian fusion dishes fell flat due to oversweetness in various sauces (not to mention the duck rolls weren't really that crisp).The chicken salad for me was a big surprise because I thought it was going to be grilled chicken on top of salad topped with some sherry vinegar dressing. Nope - it's a creamy mayonaise chopped chicken concoction you normally get in between sandwiches... without the bread.  I couldn't even taste the grapes and there's virtually no lettuce at all on the plate. Would not recommend. I have to say this - if you're looking for a good tres leches cake, come to Firefly. My favourite thing on the menu by a long shot. The cake soaked in milk is perfect for when you have the doldrums - a nice chocolate sponge drenched in milk - yum! A definite pick-me up. That alone is a 4 star dish.Given these factors, I'd say Firefly deserves a 3.5 star review.
5	Wow...great place. Just came for "linner". Best tapas I've had.  Definitely try the stuffed dates!! Even if you hate dates. You'll never know
5	I was in Las Vegas on a business trip and was invited to dinner at the Firefly (it's always nice to get away from the strip) and I was not sure what to expect but I was in a group of 9 so I thought that even if the food was bad (I am a big foodie/wine guy) the company I was with would make it fun. We had a BLAST.  The food was delicious, fun and creative (yes it is not one of the so called foo foo 5 star digs on the strip)but this a truly a hopping place where it seems you could have a intimate diner with someone special, hang out with your pals at the bar or have a party on the patio(thats where we were). The service was as good as the food and they seemed to be spot on, they were like a machine. The wine list is very varied they had some "fine wines". Also save room for desert, great also. Yes it's a ways "out there" but thats why Ford invented the car! The biggest problem I had was that I have to wait until I get back to L.V. to try it again.  Fun! Fun! Fun!Thanks
4	I'm a sucker for Mac and cheese. Anywhere I eat, if it's on the menu, I'm trying it. Pretty Tasterrific(Tasty & terrific combined). In case you didn't catch that. Mediocre service, everything we ordered was outstanding.Unfortunately, the acoustics are great for choirs, but not for 30 people trying to have a conversation in one building.  It sounds like wall street meets press conference room with delicious tapas.Me and the boy were trying to have a decent convo in the lower part of the restaurant away from the bar. But the loudness just kept resonating. It kinda contrasts from the romantic candlelit dinner.Fortunately there's a firefly much closer to home.
4	Apparently this is a very popular spot in town.  It was jam packed when we got there on  Friday night ~ 7:30 pm - prime time for dinner so we had to wait for ~ 40 min on a Friday nite for a table for 2.  Drinks & food were good and they've got pretty fast service.  The staff were always circling around taking empty plates, glasses of our table. Prices are also very reasonable as well.  Definitely will come back next time we're in town
5	Party of 12 please...We had a huge group and arriving to firefly was a hassle. Most taxi companies allow 4-5 people per car, so we drove in style... Party of 12 in a nice stretch out hummer. The driver was cool asking us what kind of music we like. We dance in our limo ride to firefly and was it fun!! The ambiance of the restaurant is dim makes it romantic. LOL. Service was good.Anyways back to firefly....I'd recommend making reservations for big groups and in general so you wouldnt have to wait that long. We had a prefixe menu so we had a variety of appetizers and 3 desserts.A must try items...Ceviche of shrimp - Delicious but has a lot of lemon juice.Stuffed dates - Bacon wrapped dates with blue cheese. Delicious but not a fan of blue cheese.Patatas bravas - love how the spicy aioli is smothered on the potatoes. Not too spicy.Mushroom tart - Delicious mushroom tart especially the cheese!!Filet mignon sliders - These sliders was delicious!! especially the fried onions on the side..Babyback ribs - sweet and smoky yum!!!Fried calamari - Love the dipping sauce mildly spicy yum!!Crispy duck rolls - Delicious, savory egg roll. and for Dessert we got offered a dessert platter of Flan- rich and creamy. Cheesecake and chocolate tres leches cake yum!! And the Lemon-berry tart - a little bit tart.
5	How can I not give Firefly 5 stars?  Same great food we've all had a million times at the Paradise location, but sooooo much closer to my house.  No wait to get a table, and the food came out super quick.  We tried a few new dishes, and they were really good.  Old ones were great, too.  Will do my best to not become a total regular here, lol.
5	I've been a huge fan of the location on Paradise -- it's my go-to place whenever I have friends here from out of town.  It's got a good vibe and a "locals" feel to it.  But the best thing in my opinion is the sangria.  That's why I'm thrilled about this new location --- it's within walking distance for me!I will admit it, I'm a girly-girl.  That's why I like the sangria.  It's light and fruity and tastes good.  But the other thing is the price.  You can get a glass for $6, a pitcher for $24.  And if you go during happy hour (3- 6 pm, weekdays), drinks are half-price!  That means you can get a pitcher for less than the price of one drink at many Las Vegas establishments.  The food is an issue for some people -- it's hard to know how many tapas to get, especially if you're hungry or if you're planning on drinking and need something in your stomach.  That's why I think it works best to go with a group of people and split a number of dishes.  That being said, I think everything on the menu is good.  I've never liked dates before, but the ones here are fantastic.  I'd never tried octopus before, but I get that here on a regular basis.  The mac & cheese is good, especially if there are vegetarians in your party. As for service, I've had both good and bad here.  It depends on the time of day and how busy the restaurant is.  I've been at 3 pm, right when happy hour starts and it's usually fine.  So I plan on being there at that time on a regular basis.  And yes, I'm going to walk so I can have as much sangria as I want!
4	Use any excuse to check out the new Firefly on Sahara in Summerlin.  It's a larger space than the one on Paradise and I think it's great for kids.  I came here for lunch to meet up with an old friend at noon and right before the lunch crowd started to come through... it never got to full capacity but it did get pretty busy.  Service was good, but you can tell the hostess and wait staff were still tryin to get the feel on how to best service the guests (asking every 5 minutes if were ok and if we needed anything)...Since there was only two of us, we shared 4 dishes.  We ordered the babyback ribs, mac n cheese, thai beef salad, and terra y mare skewers.  I thought it wasn't going to be enough for us but it was just right.  Every dish was so good - just like on Paradise.  It was my first time having the mac n cheese and it had really good flavor.  The Terra y Mare (filet mignon steak, shrimp, chorizo) skewers i felt were a just a lil overcooked but all else was great and pretty much melted in your mouth.Can't wait to go back!
4	Fantastic food. I've eaten at the one on the eastside before... service was a little strange, but the waiter warmed up after a few pitchers of sangria... wait, that was us that were doing the drinking. Anyway.. loved everything we got! Especially the bacon wrapped dates. Yum. Would recommend for a date night out or a group of friends. But beware... it gets crowded and loud and stays that way the whole time!
5	Although I enjoy the view from the Firefly in the Plaza more, once you walk into the Firefly on Sahara in Summerlin the red hue makes you feel at home!  You must have the Red Sangria!  Out of all the tapas dishes you can choose from, the top 3 are the bacon wrapped dates, stuffed peppers, and the kobe beef sliders!
5	Always terrific tapas with great service!  Note: they do not take reservations on weekends.  Kind of a pain in the ass when you have 8 people. However, they let us take over a table for a 8pm reservation (apparently you can get them if you are willing to pay $55/person or have a friend that works there) as long as we were gone by then.  Turns out the 8pm reservation were friends of ours.  How funny!The red sangria was awesome and they kept it flowing.  Good local Summerlin place to celebrate that doesn't close at 9pm.
4	awesome place for happy hour! all the drinks were half off including pitchers. came after work with all my co-workers. ordered pitchers of white sangria, passion fruit mojito, and paradise mojitos. the paradise mojito was not my fav...it tasted like a big glass of coconut malibu. we also ordered a bunch of tapas...some stand outs were the diablo shrimp, sliders, bacon wrapped dates, chorizo and clams, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, and the firefly fries. honestly, all the food was excellent! minus one star for service...our waitress was nice but not that attentive. yea it was busy, but it would have been nice if she checked on us more often. all in all i would love to come back. =)
5	On a very wintery day, i gotta say how much i dig the huge fireplace. Our server was chill, very anti-typical server- meaning she had her own hippie, unique lingo. "wanna start with some drinkage?" i imagine that's who she is outside the walls of Firefly. Speaking of Firefly, here's what we ordered: of course the Mt. Everest of firefly fries, very garlicy, make sure you bring your stash of gum for later. I ordered the 4 ounce Petite filet medium well, nicely seared but on one side a little bit burned, I'm assuming from the red wine. Next time I'll order it medium for more juiciness. But allow me to say this $10 item was worth every penny. Besides its simply beautylicous presentation, it came with a good amount of roasted potatoes and mushrooms. I should've stopped there. But I also had veggie empanadas to balance my diet. Packed with spinach. It's like popeye making culinary art work. The fish sticks were ok. It was the crispy texture that made it fun to eat, but the spicy tarter sauce made it extra spesh.i noticed how almost each dish was complemented with some kind of ruffage (crisp romaine or arugula).Fast forward to dessert. Their bread cherry pudding topped with vanilla ice cream. What A close.As far as service, the great chemistry between our server and busser made our experience smooth.
5	Always great food at Firefly!!  We had the best server her name is Mandy...she was awesome, great personality and good sense of humor... Hopefully she will be working the next time I'm there because she will be requested..cool girl!Nothing bad to say!  I eaten at Firefly's numerous times over the years and I've never had a bad experience.  Ask for Mandy if you dine there!
4	Went there tonight. Nice place. Food was excellent and that service at the bar was great.
5	Words cannot express how much I absolutely LOVE this place. I could eat everything off the menu and I'm pretty sure I will one day. The atmosphere, though a little loud, is quite coozy. If and when you go, get the mushroom tart. SO DELICIOUS and make sure you have plenty of napkins ready when you start glancing over the dessert menu, because you will drool a little, guaranteed. While on the topic of dessert, the chocolate cherry bread pudding is to.die.for. So in conclusion, amazing little snackies with mouthwatering desserts. AND GO!!
3	The food was good and this place might work its way to 4 stars eventually. But the service was spotty and I was only in love with half of what I had. Ham and Cheese Croqueta was great along with the Empanda. The dates and Tuna skewers skip.
4	We stopped in for lunch, and we were very happy. The food was very good and the wine was super. Prices were good, and the place had a very good vibe. The bacon figs were great, but the stuffed red peppers, well, the were even better. New lunch spot in The Sin..... Good work peeps.
5	I love the food and mojitos. The price is very affordable and the service is friendly.
5	Great place to go with a group-A group of friends and I went to Firefly on Jan 15 2011 - It was a little wait but we went to the bar... The bartender was really cute and made a great white sangria... We had great service - We ordered:A pitcher of Mojitos and a pitcher of White Sangria - excellent Chicken skewers[marinated chicken, tomato, mushroom, roast garlic cream]So good Stuffed dates[bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheese] when I had this at the location on Paradise wasn't that great, but at this location was the best Veggie empanada[spinach, mushroom, artichoke, herbed cream cheese in pastry, red pepper aioli] - crispy little pies that taste so goodFirefly*fries[parmesan, herbs, aioli] - really goodMushroom tart[puff pastry, boursin cheese] - you have to try thisManchego mac 'n' cheese[baked w/baby shells] - taste like mac n cheese but kicked up a little notchHam and cheese croquetas[Serrano ham, Manchego cheese] - it was gone before it hit the table Lamb skewers[marinated leg of lamb, tomato, red wine sauce] - if you like lamb this is the dish for youSteak and mushroom skewers[grilled filet, roast garlic cream, red wine reduction] - don't eat red meat but was told that this was so goodFried calamari[spicy gribiche dipping sauce]Great experiences - Perfect for groups - great music too...
3	Crowded on a Thursday night, but not really worth the wait. We had fun, and the bar is decent, but the service was average (which for Vegas is code for "not great") and the food is fair. A few good tapas (I particularly liked the crispy duck egg-roll thing), most were only OK and not that special. Lots of Asian-fusion tapas, which sounds like it would be good, but it wasn't really (except the duck thing). I much would have preferred amazing Spanish dishes.I also was a little surprised that the inside was almost exactly the same as the old Z Tejas, just a new paint job. I never liked the step-down dining room and I think a complete renovation of the space would have been better.Quite frankly, the reason it was so crowded is because there's a dearth of places like it in or near Summerlin. Which made it fun to go to, but I'm not rushing back anytime soon.B-
5	Everything about this face is fantastic!  As if you wouldn't be able to tell by the overtaken parking space and the long wait as you enter.  Every dish I have ever tried has been thoroughly enjoyable and their sangria is to DIE for!  Great place to go with friends to share multiple tapas and a pitcher of sangria.Not only is their food and service impeccable, but the ambience is as well.  With a spanish flair mixed with modern lounge seating, anyone could see why this is such a hot-spot for first dates, mingling, or even late-night get togethers with friends.  Definitely a go-to place for any and all get togethers with out of town friends.
4	Saturday at about 8:00pm and the place was packed!  There was a 30 minute wait for a table - but any place with a bar makes the wait OK.  The service was very good, which is hard to find in Las Vegas.  The place has a nice vibe going - good music too.The tapas were all pretty pretty pretty good.  If I can remember them; spinach salad, dates/bacon, veg empanadas, grilled lamb, stuffed mushrooms, smoked salmon and eggplant.  One of those dishes was on a bed of lentils and that was very tasty.There seemed to be a high ratio of nice looking ladies too - that seems to make the night a little better.
4	I finally tried out the location closest to my work. We went shortly after they opened and the place wasn't busy at all. The service was excellent. Even walking to the bathroom every employee I passed said hello and smiled! We ordered the steamed mussels, the white anchovies on toast, the stuffed dates and ribs. Everything was on par with the quality and taste of the restaurant on Paradise, Delicious! I have to say though that the steamed mussels dish was literally half the size of the portion I got at the other location. I can't wait to come back for Happy Hour!
3	I absolutely love the Firefly on Paradise and I have a review of them up already. I was crazy excited that there was one now close to my house because this town spoils me to the point where I dread having to drive more than 10 minutes to have to do anything. So how does it stack up??Initially, I was expecting the ambiance to not even come close to the Paradise location, and unfortunately I was right. It's not even close. But they do get props for a fireplace. Even though it was off to the side nowhere in sight while we were eating. It looks like a typical restaurant that you would find in this neighborhood. This strikes me more of a Firefly that people might bring their kids to, which I definitely wouldn't say about the Paradise spot. This may be due to the fact that I was there around lunch time. For some reason, the average decor takes a bit of the magic out of it all. I guess should I one day have kids, it will be nice to have both options.The hostess was very friendly. The waiter on the other hand, was one of the crappiest waiters I have had. The guy reminded me of Andy Samberg, minus the personality. That part I don't really care about. I mean, you should be friendly in the service industry; but if you are a great waiter who is attentive, I can easily look past the lack of friendliness. This guy however never really checked on anything, filled drinks or saw if we needed anything at all.  It's like he disappeared and went to the gas station to play the machines and pick up a pack of smokes or something, while the busboy took care of everything. The busboy by the way was also pretty nice. It also came to the point where we had to ask the hostess to tell our waiter we were ready for our check. That's  just plain sad. Now I should note this was during lunch time. It's possible the other waiters during lunch and the nighttime staff are better, but that has yet to be seen.The food was pleasantly similar to the paradise location. Not quite up to par but close enough I think. I definitely prefer the herb roasted chicken at the other location. And the menu appeared to be identical. I will say this, the Mojitos were a bit better here. I like that they don't crush up the mint where you wind up sucking mint particles up through the straw like the other one. Maybe it can be argued it's supposed to be like that, but in my crazy mind, this was the better version. I'm not usually much of a Mojito drinker but I'm always tempted to order them at Firefly. It kinda reminds me of Family Guy where Brian drinks a Mojito while he's on the dating show. "I don't think it's a gay drink. Mo-jiiiiito." Lol. My normal drink is a Jack and Coke, so it's one of the few times I actually branch out. So there's my overall assessment of Firefly on West Sahara. I will probably be back. Plus, if the service was an isolated incident, I'll probably be a regular.
4	Great food, amazing mojitos. Busy location. On a Friday or Saturday you better have reservations. The bar seating area is very noisy with a lot of people walking all around you. This location is best enjoyed midweek in the dining area. Can't think of a better place for a Tuesday date night.
5	The bacon wrapped dates and Sangria will change your life. Great vibe and lots going on. Usually pretty crowded but worth the wait. Not to mention they're very fairly priced. I will be back again to try more of their endless variety of tapas to choose from!
5	If you find this place, you're a foodie!!First, this isn't on the strip, so there's no way you can find this place unless you do your research or know locals.I enjoyed every bite from Ahi Tuna, Potatoes, to the MAC N CHEESE! amazing!!!! Prices were pretty cheap so, it's a plus!!!
5	Less touristy, more local. Great prices, siick menu. Olive tapenade, ahi tuna, crispy foie graus (cherry hoisin sauce) and blood orange mojitos are ethereal
4	The wife and I are first timers at Firefly. I have been to the one on Paradise before, but was only there for a short time and only had one thing to eat, so that really does not count. We were in the neighborhood and decided to give it a try as it was about 3pm on a Saturday and we new we would not have to wait. The place was about half full for being an off hour. We were seated right away and helped immediately. All of the staff we encountered were very helpful and very friendly. We didn't try the famous sangria this time (we've heard its incredible) as we just stuck to water. We ordered 5 different tapas and a dessert. We liked the selection of vegetarian tapas. Some tapas places have only a handful, but even after selecting 5 there are more that we can try on our next visit. Each one was quite delicious. My favorite was the stuffed red peppers. We finished off the lunch with the chocolate tres leches. Wow...that is one mighty fine tres leches. Very chocolaty but also pretty light. The price averaged out to about $5 per dish, which was pretty nice. We will definitely be back.
4	Having been a regular to Firefly's other location on Paradise, I found this additional location a treat and conveniently located near my office. The menu does not disappoint with its variety of delicious small dishes...be careful as your table will go crazy ordering different delightful temptations...tapas is intended to be shared! Some of the favorites that stand out include the curry chicken salad, the fresh ceviche and filet mignon sliders...(I'm getting hungry just writing this!) Many of the dishes are created daily in the restaurant to maintain the authenticity of the dishes. You will certainly be tempted with their "adult beverages" like their house-specialty Sangrias. They are marinated for three days and provide the perfect accompaniment to your meal. Try their delicious and fresh mojitos, brews on tap, and other signature cocktails.
4	most devine sangria! And their so *healthy* tapas are so delcious OMG i am getting my panties in a bunch just thinking of them!
5	The best!  They've worked out all the kinks that were present in the first weeks they opened....back to great food, great service.  The sparkling sangria is a MUST.
4	What a fascinating place... Coming from NY- I have to say the tapas portions are double the size and half the price I'm use to... Hurray!! My boyfriend and I had about 6 dishes and 4 would have been plenty... Had the spinach salad........ MMMMMMMMMMMM sooo good... then artichoke bread... pass, the lamb kebabs were the most amazing thing Ive ever put in my mouth... and the server assistant accidentally gave us another round.. Whoops! we kept our mouth shut... We also tried one of the salads, eh.. OK... nothing special... The fries are ridiculously huge... Definitely not Tapas! But the flavor was out of this world good... Parmesan and garlic. mmmmmmmmmm... don't wast your money on the fillet Mignon with potatoes.... it just didn't cut it ... Didn't get around to desserts because we were so stuffed!! Will definitely be going back again!!!!!
4	Love Firefly -- Food was great so was the service. The only thing that sucked was Happy hour in this venue was only for drinks and not food. But overall it was delish!
5	What can we say, we love this Vegas chain of fun and deliciousness. And how excited we we're when they opened up their Westside location. Whether it's the terra y mare, empanadas or the blood orange mojitos (best mojitos in town) this place never disappoints. Excellent customer service, great atmosphere and good eats and drinks is a recipe for always a good time.
4	This is the second Firefly location that I have visited. The first one was downtown which has a spectacular view but it's too hectic for me. When I go out to eat I like to relax and enjoy good conversation over tasty food. The Sahara location had music playing in the back round ....but it's not too loud. She Will Be Loved by Maroon 5 was on during the meal which helped me relax even more because I do like that song. The interior is done in a nice red and they have this huge fireplace that's on the left as you walk in. It gives off a homey feeling in a "From Dusk Till Dawn" kind of way. It's not because Selma Hayek comes out and dances with a big yellow snake either... I think it's because of the picture hanging above the fireplace. I didn't have my glasses on but it looked like a skeleton of a male Flamenco dancer. It just gave me that vibe but it was cool....I liked it. The service was very good and we didn't feel rushed even though they were closing in an hour. My husband and I ordered a couple of tapas to share. I started out with the Tomato Basil Soup that came with a mini grilled Brie sandwich. I'm sensitive to salt so it was a little too salty for me. My husband who is a bread and cheese lover didn't like the grilled sandwich so for us that was a miss. We also ordered a Beef Thai Salad which was delicious. The meat was very tender and had some kick to it! Our last non sweet dish was the Filet Mignon sliders. It had ham, crumples of cabrales cheese and onions on the side. The cheese had a very sharp taste but it was still very good. We polished off our mini meals with Banana Nutella Sandwiches per recommendation from our waiter. He knew what he was talking about! I wish I ordered it with some ice cold milk. I think this is a nice cozy place to grab a bite to eat whether you are on a date or hanging out with a bunch of friends.
4	Great for happy hour! Sangria is only $13 for an entire pitcher! Get the red it's so delicious.
5	Does Firefly need another shining review about how fabulous it is?? No, but I'm going to write one anyways :)  I've been a fan of this place for years, and love their new Summerlin location because it's so close to my house.  It's always very busy and attracts a young, hip crowd.  Luckily we had a large group when we went last weekend, so we didn't have to wait for a table since they'd let us make a reservation in advance.They have 3 sangrias on the menu (the white is my favorite!) and at $24 for a pitcher, it's a good deal since you'll easily get 6 glasses out of the pitcher (versus paying by the glass).The impressive menu is loaded with hot and cold tapas, most of which are perfect for sharing.  The complimentary baguette toasts with almond butter are really good and addictive.  Menu favorites include the firefly fries (loaded with parmesan cheese), the bacon-wrapped dates (a delicious combo of salty and sweet), the baked tetilla (a cheesy baked fondue to dip bread in), the manchego mac n' cheese, albondigas (meatballs in tomato sauce) and the fried calamari.  I wasn't as fond of the tomato bread (it's served cold and I think it'd be way better warm) or veggie empanada (kind of bland).Service here is usually pretty good and our servers were very attentive and constantly refilling our glasses with our sangria pitches and whatnot.  The food also came out very quickly despite the fact that we had a large group, which was great.Anyways, if you haven't been to Firefly yet, you have to check it out -- you will be very glad you did! :)
5	We called and made reservations for dinner on a Saturday night around 6:00. I recommend making reservation because everyone is catching on how to how great this restaurant is and the I heard the wait got up to 45 minutes. Everything tastes great. My favorite was the Tierra y Mar. It is one of the most expensive tapas at $10, but it tastes great. It includes a few skewers with steak, chicken, sausage and shrimp. The best part was actually the green chile sauce on top. If I knew how good it was going to be, I would have asked for a side of it. After eating a few tapas and a basket of Firefly fries, it was time for dessert. We split the flan and chocolate tres leches cake. I have to say I have never seen chocolate tres leches cake, but what more could you ask for? It was really moist like all tres leches should be, but had a great chocolate taste. I hope I can find someone to make this in Houston. I was also a huge fan of their beer list which included Delirium Tremmens.  It has become more popular over the years, but it is still hard to find.
3	The bacon-wrapped dates are TDF. Im going to put this place on my STD.You better RSVP cause this place is OTC (off the chain)
5	We tried out the new Firefly at Sahara on Friday night. Upon entering, the ambiance and atmosphere were great! We sat at a table in the bar/lounge area, right in the middle of the action, though I liked that there were a few different areas to sit in booths, or tables if you had a bigger group and wanted more of a "dinner" atmosphere. There is also an outside covered and screened in patio area that is smoke free. That will sure to be a hit in the warmer months.The Tapas were great and reasonably priced. Our favorites were the bacon wrapped dates, and the filet mignon sliders. We also enjoyed a pitcher of the red sangria. Between the 3 of us it gave us about 3 glasses each. A perfect size pitcher. Our waiter was awesome! Very attentive and helpful. I asked for a shot that included something that he was unsure that they had from the kitchen, and with out delay, he arrived back at the table with what i had asked for. The bar staff was just as helpful. We asked him to make a specific drink, gave him the recipe, and he made the drink to perfection.  We left the table for a moment, and when  we came back, we were set with new plates and roll ups. That to me is great service.I would definately recommend this spot for a first date, or if you are just looking for a good place to grab some apps (tapas) and drinks and mingle with friends.
4	Pretty cool date place. Lots of options and finger foods keep the atmosphere fun and relaxed.
5	The atmosphere is incredible and the food is great. Small, bite size pieces of delishiness.....Definitely try:Apple/Manchengo salad - very refreshingSmoked Salmon toastsCeviche of Shrimp - this was the bestVeggie EmpanadaRoasted eggplant cannelloniStuffed peppersCalamari - this is a huge plate)Trio of gelato
4	Seriously....if you haven't been to a firefly yet, you've been living under a rock.  Trendy, upbeat atmosphere coupled with tasty beverages and chic tapas style food makes this a winning hotspot.Happy hour is awesome.  Food is normal prices but ALL drinks are 50% off! That's right! That means you can get a pitcher of sangria for $14 or a pitcher of mojitos for $15.  That could be the price of one glass elsewhere!  You can get a glass for $2.50 or a shot of infused tequila for the same price! Bananas!  Wines are priced low anyhow... $5 -12. But at 50% off, this is probably the best drink prices you'll find!Went on a date with my hubs yesterday.  We shared a pitcher of white sangria which was zingy and refreshing.  We also had mussels.  They were served steamed to perfection in a spicy curry coconut broth with a baked baguette crusted with cheese.  Very good!  We also had the thai beef salad.  The flavor of pickled ginger is overwhelming; however, I love that flavor so its fine by me.  The bacon wrapped dates are a winner too.  They are crispy and hot and served with a stinky blue cheese and an incredible red wine sauce.  Ask for extra bread to soak up the sauce and they will gladly bring it to you.  Firefly is always good; however, if youve been as many time as I have to their three locations, you know....nothing ever changes! It's the same menu all the time for like 7 years!  YAWN! Personally, I am hoping they will wise up and create some specials and new items!  I know, if it ain't broke, don't fix it, but we are begging for more!
5	The paradise location was my favorite, now I have one a block away!!! Don't miss happy hour. My fav's here are chorizo clams, manchego fondue, sliders( don't remember if they're filet mignon or Kobe beef,but delicious). For drinks,to die for! passion fruit mojito and for dessert, passion fruit mini cheesecakes. I love everything about this place. It's romantic with your love, and my 8 yr old loves the food and the novelty of everything being in small portions ( bcuz it's a tapas grill.) love love love
4	From California to Vegas my best friend who now lives in Vegas took us here. . . and after reading the reviews I knew we wouldn't be disappointed! Sure enough, my fellow Yelpers you were RIGHT!!! It definitely lived up to its reviews! It was happy hour so we were in luck! The three us best gals shared a pitcher of their White Sangria which was mighty tasty.We had:Camarones a la diabla [I think out of everything we tasted this was the best plate. What really made this dish as delicious as it was, was the spicy chili sauce which was YUMMMYY!!]Fried calamari [Calamari was good buy not anything exciting but like the Camarones a la diabla it was the SAUCE that made it delicious!!]Roasted eggplant cannelloni [I don't plan on getting this again, I love eggplant but the goat cheese was overwhelming]Firefly*fries [Never can go wrong with fries and the sauce!! Yummy!! AGAIN]Stuffed dates [Bacon wrapped stuffed dates sounds good if you look the salt & sweet combination but the dates were too much for me! ]All in all although I wouldn't try 3/5 of the plates again, I do want to go back and try everything else they have because the service was great and for the plates we tried that I liked. . well I LOVED!! Can't wait to go back!
3	For the uninitiated, tapas are meant to be small plated hours d'vours to be eaten during long stretches of pub drinking. Served on small plates, tapas were originally meant to rest on a small plate on top of your beer as you stand in a group and talk ( thus the name tapas ). Eating small amounts but throughout the entire evening helps combat all the alchohol thus allowing you to drink more and longer! Brilliant! Firefly is a fun place to gather with a large group of friends, drink and eat. A decent selection of many spanish styled tapas ensures that one can find at least a few pleasing dishes. Here, variety is the spice of life and make sure to have a ride as all dishes are best paired with heavy doses of pickling ones own liver!
5	Let me begin by saying i have never spoken with anyone that has given this place a bad name. Only rave reviews. From the ambience, to the wait staff to the delicious food and cocktails what more could you ask for.We went on a Friday night around 7 with me, my hubby and toddler and my parents. Even on such a busy Friday night, the staff was very accomadating with us and our small child. To start off, there are so many delicious cocktails to chose from so we asked our waiter Eduardo for suggestions. We ended up with the Blueberry Mojitos which i have had before and are to die for. My husband had the Delirium beer which is a pretty strong beer but refreshing. Next i feel like we ordered everything off of the menu. Its pretty hard at Firefly when it comes to ordering because pretty much everything on the menu is fantastic. From the Bacon wrapped Dates to the Shrimp Diablo to the lamb chops and mussels. YUMMM! Even though you can get a little crazy ordering for dinner since there are so many fabulous options, i would highly recommend saving just a tad room for dessert. We went with the Tres Leche Cake and Chocolate Cherry Bread Pudding. OMG! Even though none of us had any room for either of these, we shoved them in our faces as if we had never eaten before. Man they were both to die for. So good! Its so refreshing to go to a hip place with a small child and have a great time and leave 100% happy.I would suggest Firefly to any of my friends and it is especially great for groups. We came here for my 30th birthday party in December and were wowed again.This place is GREAT!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place and the BACON WRAPPED DATES!! They are the best creation ever. It sounded disgusting but my friend made me have one and I'm so glad I did! The West Sahara location can get very busy. I first went on a Friday night around 7pm and had to wait for over an hour, but I didn't care, it was my birthday and I wanted to eat here. The bar was also crowded around this time so we sat outside. The hostess asked for our phone number and called us when the table was ready. Our server was ok, he was slow and didnt come over and ask if we wanted more drinks. We ended up going again last month and got the same server and the same bad service. They bring out the food at all different times. My husband and I ended up getting all of our food before my friends got any of theirs. So they had to sit there and watch us eat.I still love this place and we will keep going back for sure!
4	Locals know this place and there seems to be a minimum of yahoos in cowboy hats.  Thank goodness that people who stay at Imperial Palace aren't likely to make the trip "off Strip" to eat here.  I've been here several times, at different times of the evening and it always seems to have a wait for a table.  No reservations for small parties - first come first served.  Kitchen put out very good quality small plates.  The menu is extensive and full of very tasty offerings.  I only wish I could order a plate with one of everything because it would take a dozen visits to eat through the menu.  Firefly is a "must go" for every trip to Vegas.
4	What a GREAT place!! YUMMY food and DRINKS!!!!!
3	Since writing the below review, the manager of the restaurant contacted me to discuss. This is huge to me as it shows that the restaurant "gives a $%#@." I'm going to amend my review to 3-stars until I've had time to maybe give it one last shot - and discuss my experience with the management.Previous Review:It is not often that a restaurant goes from extremely good to extremely bad, but here is the exception. This restaurant used to be really good, but the quality and service has slipped over time. I have been beyond dissapointed the last three times I've gone there and embarassed in the cases where I brought others. Further, our last server badmouthed another local restaurant - low class. Oh, and here's the killer... the owner of the restaurant they badmouthed was the person that recommended  Firefly to us in the first place! The bacon wrapped dates which are a tapas staple used to be a standout, but the last few visits the bacon was barely cooked and was more like a withered grape wrapped in a cold rubber band. it also seems that they perhaps downgraded the quality of the meats they use overall. Hopefully they don't continue their downward decent quality wise - and hopefully they gain a simbilance of class back by not badmouthing their competitors to customers. I can only speculate that whatever made this restaurant what it once was either left or moved to the other new location across town.
4	Yummy Yummy Yummy but not as good as Julian Serrano at Aria.Firefly is definitely solid.  I think most people will walk away from there extremely happy about their meal.  However, once you've had the potatoes bravas at Julian Serrano and compare them to what you get here you'll know what I'm talking about.  The bravas here is just a little bland and not as interesting as at Julian.The same basically goes for all the dishes you get.  Firefly is upper middle class and Julian Serrano is elite.  But you'll get away from Firefly for about 40% less than you will at the Aria joint.  Highly recommended.
4	I prefer this location. I guess they have to work harder to earn the love and keep the trust of their Summerlin clientel. Due to the niche location they have more to lose so they cannot be inconsistent with their food or service (like I feel the Paradise location is a hit or miss!). The bacon wrapped dates (stuffed with candied almonds) with blue cheese are TO DIE FOR. That's why I order two because I don't like to share. Tip: Instead getting an order of garlic fries and an order of the filet mignon small plate, a bright idea is to go for the ribeye entree (which comes with a big serving of garlic fries). It comes out to the same price, but the portions are bigger. More to share. (see my ribeye pic). Other than that we got the octopus (I prefer the Paradise locations way of preparing it, it was dry bland and not as fresh as I would have liked or had in the past at the Paradise location). Lastly we ordered the mushroom stuffed chicken chirzo (forgettable). When I go back, I will order three bacon wrapped dates and my ribeye entree ONLY.
4	After being a huge fan of the Firefly Paradise location, I was very eager to try out the new spot while the Plaza gets remodeled. I loved it just as much this time as my first. This is totally MY kind of place, I would go back 1,000 times! Tried out a couple new things this time, I would recommend all of them: White sangria is a must, lamb skewers, ceviche, bacon wrapped figs, & patatas bravas. The calamari was also good last time I tried it. This is a great date spot, or even a night out with the girls. Vibrant, fun crowd. Go!
3	I had never been to Firefly until last night; I used to go to Sedona for the type of experience Firefly offers, since they used to have a fantastic happy hour with awesome, cheap appetizers and drinks. Now they've gone through several menu changes and what's left is barely worth the price, so it was finally time to scope out a new spot.The service at Firefly was top-notch, very fast, and as a bonus our server was nice to look at. The decor was pretty cool and I loved the table we were sat at, which had little couches instead of chairs; it really lent itself well to the relaxed atmosphere, plus they were SO comfortable!When we ordered, our food came really fast--much faster than we expected, not that that's a bad thing. Unfortunately it was definitely hit-or-miss. Here's what we ordered with my impressions:-Artichoke toasts: These were pretty good, I liked them but they weren't very noteworthy.-Smoked salmon toasts: The only thing I really did not like. At least to my palate, the dairy and salmon flavors they used were not complimentary at all, and the added dill and capers just made a bad combination somehow worse. Yuck.-Stuffed dates: These were fantastic and I could eat them all day if no one stopped me and the dates didn't run out. If you don't at least try them you're depriving yourself.-Tomato basil soup: The soup was too salty and nothing much to speak of, the brie sandwich was good (if you LOVE brie like I do) but it would have been done better justice if it were paired with some fresh strawberry slices or strawberry preserves. It's just not a good tomato soup companion. -Firefly*fries: These were delicious, but the aioli was nothing special and I would have loved a different dipping sauce with these fries.-Crispy duck rolls: These were just OK. The duck was overcooked and tough, but the flavors were okay. It would have been better if the duck had been shredded more finely, and the hoisin sauce a little sweeter.-Lamb skewers: These were the biggest disappointment unfortunately. They tasted OK but they were very tough and unremarkable. You can get much better lamb skewers at Flame Kabob.Dessert platter: I had the lemon-berry tart (delicious but it's just a bite), flan (very good, not too dense), and the tres leches cake--which was much too dense, a little mealy, more like a brownie. I was not a fan, nor would you be if you like REAL tres leches cake.Plus a martini, forgot what it was called but it was a gin martini with cucumber and lime. That was pretty fantastic.Overall, I would go there again for the $15 pitchers of mojitos during happy hour, but I will have to learn what's good and what isn't from their food menu. The place is pretty OK, but not great.
2	We've been to Firefly on Paradise Rd. and since we happened to be in this part of Vegas, we decided to try it out.This location is much bigger and a bit more trendy compared to the Paradise Rd. location however, that's not necessarily a good thing.The menu offerings are exactly the same as the other Firefly location.  This time around the s/o of course had to order the Bacon Wrapped Dates, which are always a hit.  We also ordered the Ham & Cheese Croquettes which were okay, kind of reminded of a Fried Cheese Stick.  I ordered the Stuffed Mushrooms and totally forgot I ordered that the last time and didn't like it much, thankfully I did remember to ask for lemon to squeeze over it, which in fact did help tremendously.  Not sure why but, I ordered their Fried Calamari, which was really basic but wow, it was greasy.  You know that lethargic feeling you get after eating greasy food...thanks Calamari!The service...oh boy, this is where they fail and why they lost so many stars from me.Our server who I won't call out, was really blah.  When he introduced himself, he didn't go the extra mile about talking about Happy Hour, any specials, etc. he just simply asked what we'd like to drink.  To sum it up, we saw him four times; first to introduce himself, second to take our order and last to bring the check and return the change.  I did have to roll my eyes when he asked, "Any change needed?"  Eff yeah dude!  However, credit is due to the food runners and bussers, they were the ones that provided us spectacular service.  I wish we could've given them the tip instead of our server.Overall, nice location but we won't be back, we'd rather go to Paradise Rd. instead.
2	I think i wasted my time and money on this restaurant. I ordered beef salad,steamed mussels in wine, and tempura dish. I was dissapointed with the taste of all, because it was greasy and salty for me. I could have just made peanut butter sandwich at home. In fairness service was good. The waiter and waitresses were very friendly. Im willing to give it one more try with their other dishes.
5	Ok so here goes...have lived in Vegas for about 5 years now and after all of the word of mouth about Firefly from friends and co-workers, I finally made my first visit to the new Westside location. The crazy thing is that I actually made two separate visits in the same day with different friends, was so not planned that way however this place I could go round the clock! Is just crazy, have never been and then i go twice in one day! lolMouth Orgasm at it's best. I seriously sat and moaned for two hours straight, savoring every bite, not sure what the waiter and other patrons thought, so it was either, amused, aroused or annoyed? A tasty explosion in my beautiful mouth no less.I have to say is really night and day in comparison for my two visits, the first time was at 3pm, only one other patron in the whole restaurant was quiet and we obviously were seated immediately. The next visit was at 8pm, wow a whole other world, we waited about 30 minutes to be seated and the place was packed beyond capacity, lol. I have to say either way it is a fun experience! I have listed the goodies I was able to enjoy during my two visits. Everything was scrumptious!Stuffed dates bacon-wrapped, smoked almond, red wine reduction, blue cheeseFirefly*fries [parmesan, herbs, aioli]Manchego mac 'n' cheese [baked w/baby shells]Empanada [pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad, aioli]Ham and cheese croquetas [Serrano ham, Manchego cheese]Lamb skewers[marinated leg of lamb, tomato, red wine sauce]Filet mignon sliders[mini burgers w/Serrano ham, cabrales cheese, caramelized onions] Artichoke toasts hearts, aioli, basil, pepperA Pitcher of Mint MojitosA Pitcher of Sangria
4	We went to Firefly on a Thursday night and were surprised at how crowded it was.  Good thing we had a reservation.  We found out why people flock to this restaurant after we ordered 5-6 generously portioned tapas, including duck rolls, tortilla espagnol, pulpo asado (grilled octopus), apple and manchego salad and wilted spinach salad.  That was plenty for two people, and the bill came out to about $50, drinks included.  We left very satisfied with our dining experience.  Firefly is definitely worth checking out next time you are in Vegas.
4	I was a little worried for this location when they first opened b/c my husband, friends, and I didn't think the food was as good as the Firefly on Paradise.  Being that this Firefly is so close to our house, my husband and I went back to give it a shot during happy hour.I'm happy to say that months after opening, the food is just as delicious as it is at the other Firefly locations, and they are still always busy!  Definitely make a reservation, and if you can...get there early!  Little tip...since it's a tapas restaurants, the portions are snack size.  Order just a couple at a time so the food stays hot and you can stop when you're full.  And check them out during a happy hour.  All drinks are half off including pitchers!We especially love the Blood Orange Mojitos, any of the Sangrias, the Steak and Mushroom Skewers, the Mussels, the Clams (are BOSS!), the Empanadas, the Albondigas, and the Mac n Cheese is great here too.  Really anything you order from here will be awesome!  Oh and for dessert, be sure to try the Banana Nutella and the Bread Pudding!  YUM!
4	YES to firefly!! I lived in vegas for a year, but did not discover this place until I visited this past weekend.  Great food at a great price.  Excellent sangria to start of the meal.  Then we ordered an assemblage of plates that tickled the palate to the maximum.  The best dishes of the night were bacon wrapped dates (we ordered 4 of them), the diablo shrimp (sauce was amazing), paella (juicy rice with good mixture of meat and seafood), and the fall off the bone short ribs (tender to perfection).  Overall I would definitely come back here and bring a big group to sample all the dishes!! It is definitely worth the drive off the strip!!
5	So I came back to Firefly with my two daughters to give this place a second try - and I've got to say, we were blown away!To start, the service was wonderful, just as it was before. Every time we went through a glass of our drink, it was replaced almost before we even noticed! The waiters were so attentive, and always came in with friendly expressions. We were even able to meet the chef (James), who explained some of the concepts behind the dishes and entertained us. Everything was just perfect as far as service was concerned. And now for the greatness of it all - the food! We really enjoyed some of their signature tapas, such as the skewers with the grilled beef and shrimp (called Terra y Mare skewers on their menu), and the tomato soup with the grilled cheese sandwich (called Tomato basil soup on the menu). And let me tell you- that was no ordinary grilled cheese sandwich! It was simply amazing on its own, and definitely going on my list of favorites! The outside was crispy, the bread was so tasty, and the brie cheese on the inside just completed the deal. We will be craving it again, that's for sure. And for some other tapas that get noteworthy mention: the tuna-stuffed red pepper on a thin taro chip (called Tuna peppers), and the bacon-rolled dates in red wine sauce (called Stuffed dates). The Tuna peppers made any of our apprehensions about cold tapas disappear in an instant- It was tasty, it was fun, and it was wonderful to snack on! And perhaps best of all, it was unique. As for the bacon-rolled dates, you've just got to taste it to believe it- We weren't very fond of dates, until we tried this dish! And that's not to say that it tasted primarily like dates, but actually quite the opposite: it made us realize that it was possible to make dates appeal to people who weren't keen on them to begin with.As a side note for fans of more traditional food: they make an awesome macaroni and cheese dish. You can't go wrong with it, and it's one of the best mac&cheese dishes we've ever tasted!And anyways, I think by now, you already get what I'm saying: the tapas here are excellent if you're willing to give them a fair try!And what I mean by that is: maybe not all of them will match your tastebuds, but you've gotta find those that cater to your taste. And with a selection as varied as that of Firefly, you definitely have a chance at finding "the one," or "ones" in our case!As you may already know: we didn't hit a home run the first time we went to this place, and even had a couple dishes fall through the second time: we didn't dig the spiciness of the spicy shrimp tapas (Camarones a la diabla), nor were we huge fans of the Padron peppers. However, with the fulfillment we received from the other tapas mentioned above, one or two tapas like these were mere bumps in our road to satisfaction.Finally, we got to taste their specialty Paella. And it was absolutely wonderful. The flavor of the tomatoes and peppers blended with the wholesomeness of the rice, and mixed with our favorite seafood, just made it an absolutely worthwhile dish, that we only wish we could fit into our stomachs. Quick tip: believe the menu when it says it could serve six.Bottom line: Come with an empty stomach. Try as many items as you can. Leave as a changed person with a satiated appetite and a somewhat wider horizon, wishing you'd done it sooner. And that's all I have to say. Thanks for reading.
4	I have eaten at firefly at least a dozen times, and I have to say I am a huge fan!  I came in for happy hour tonight and enjoyed a half priced of pitcher of Red Sangria with my friend, this is one of the things they are known for and is a must have!The Food is usually on point at this location and that was the case this afternoon.  If you eat here you HAVE to get the bacon wrapped dates, they are freakin amazing, sweet and salty.  I also ordered the Calamari, which was perfectly fried and tender, and the Stuffed Piquillo Peppers.My friend ordered the Duck Rolls, they were a little overcooked.  The food also seemed to be taking a while to come out of the kitchen, especially for 3pm. All in all, I will definitely be returning for another happy hour.
5	LOVED this warm, friendly, yummy place!  During our short trip to Vegas, had lunch here twice and dinner once...all of our meals were amazing!  Creative, delicious food, excellent service and a very comfortable, inviting environment.  Love the small plate approach...made it feel as though we could try such a variety of fun dishes! The cheesecake...with the passion fruit sauce...was soooo delicious!! (all FOUR times I had it!!)
4	Great food and great sangria.
4	we had a huge group and we couldn't get into my first choice, RAKU. so we decided to come here instead, which I've already been to before, and enjoyed, on a separate occasion. tapas and sangria were enjoyed by all, especially the bacon wrapped dates, the mac and cheese, the filet mignon sliders, the lamb skewers, the thai beef salad. some people will be like, oh is this place authentic? blah blah. well, it's better than some food I had in barcelona, if that answers your question, and I had some food in spain that could never be beat by anything stateside. Who cares? It tastes good and you'll have fun, but make sure you get the sangria.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!I frequent Vegas often, but I had an unplanned, overnight stay on Sunday, due to a layover. I ended up going to Firefly for a late dinner w/friends, around 10:30pm. We waited less than 10 min for a table for four. Their menu is on the lengthy side, but it was very easy to scan through, which surprised me. There are a lot of words, but descriptions get to the point and just tell you the main ingredients. Good enough for me.Things we ordered: (Ready, set, DROOL!)-Ceviche of shrimp-Firefly fries -Mushroom tart-Steamed mussels-Ham and cheese croquetas-Steak and mushroom skewers-Crispy duck roll-Chocolate "tres-leches" cake-Passion Fruit mojitoDrooling yet? YUMMO! Everything was great, but my favorite was the mushroom tart. The mojito was very refreshing, the service was great. I can't wait to try more tapas from their menu! When I'm a fan, I'm very loyal. I will definitely make it back to Firefly again soon.
4	Cam here with some friends and enjoyed myself. It was a huge group but the service was great and the sangria was bomb! I love that they keep it flowing like water. The bacon wrapped dates are always a treat! Definitely recommend!!
4	We just went on a Friday night and they were very accommodating in fitting in our 12 person party.  The service was outstanding as well.We tried many different dishes and liked them all.  There are a few that are good for kids (the tomato soup and mini brie sandwich; chicken skewers), and many that the vegetarians in our group enjoyed.They have a lot of different options for sangria (!) and mojitos.  It's definitely loud and busy, but the kids fit in fine and the staff was excellent.
4	Nice place to grab a drink and a small meal.Waiter was nice.  We didn't know what to order. The waiter told us what was popular and some of his favorites.  We tried the stuffed dates, it was very flavorful.  We also tried the lamb chops. Lamb chops were good.
4	The unfortunate truth is that no other location will ever be the same as the Paradise location. The food and atmosphere are just always going to be better there.Going in, I was kinda prepared for disappointment. My dining experience at the downtown location was quite dismal. However, the food at this location did pretty much hold up. I can't really complain about any of it. This location, though, seems to always be packed. It can be hard to find parking. And it gets super loud, making it hard to hold a conversation.
3	Maybe this isn't my thing... but its not a meal. A lot of little expensive food and really sweet wine.The wine was REALLY sugary with almost too much sweetness. The appetizers were pretty good but not filling at all.After an hour of eating tid-bits and drinking sugar-wine we ended up going to the Ft.Apache Fatburger for dinner.
4	Came on a monday afternoon for lunch. and it was delicious! I've only had tapas twice and there was not a thing we ordered that was not full of flavor and savored each and every bite. We oredered:Tuna Peppers: Sweet with a little kick. loved the different testures of this dishceviche of shrimp: i didnt eat it, cause im not a fan of the shrimp. but my friends loved itstuffed dates: Hands down my fave dish of the afternoon. it was sweet and savory and tongasmic. Bacon, cheese, dates and a piece of nut in the center. How can you not love??Veggie & pork Empanadas: the veggie one was great and didnt feel like you were eating veggies wrapped in fried dough. it was smooth and great flavor. The pork was good but the veggie was my faveCamarones a la diabla: i didnt eat  the shrimp cause im not a fan of the shrimp, but the sauce that came with  it was  superb! we requested more bread and i lathered it up with the sauce and inhaled it! Albondigas: i love meatballs but i had better. the meat was a bit tough and not as succulant as meatballs should be. but it had delicious flavor. just the texture of the meatballs turned me offLamb skewers:  meat was a bit dry but non the less delicious! must eat with the mushroom, the sauce and the veggies  all together!Filet mignon sliders: yum yum yum!def will come back when im back in vegas!
5	Here's your two question quiz.... I know I didn't tell you to study. I'm sorry. I am an easy grader though. Here we go!1)Firefly is....A.) a delicious mouth watering tapas and sangria experience that you can't miss out on....2) I would rather...A.) GO to Firefly the delicious mouth watering tapas and sangria experience that you can't miss out on..For question one if you answered  "A"  you are correct!For question two if you answered "A" you are correct.!See I told you this would be easy. You had nothing to worry about my little foodie scholars. Now, lets get down to business.Firefly Tapas Kitchen and Bar is one of the hottest spots to eat in town. From their wide selection of hot & cold tapas to their delicious I repeat DELICIOUS sangria. Firefly is very family style. Not so much as in large meals as it is having everyone order two different tapas to pass around and share. So, my family and I ventured here the other night. We ordered ALOT. My goal was to be in  food coma by the end of the night. (mission accomplished)I loved and adored the following menu items.Smoke Salmon: This was such a delightful tapas. You really can't go wrong with this choice and I don't even like salmon.  It had a very fresh summery taste. Very Barefoot Contessa esque.Ahi Tuna Skewer: Oh my lanta. We ordered 2 plates of these little guys. Mariniated  with mango, basil, mustard-ginger glaze, it is so good you may want to eat the skewer is came on... not that I tried. They are cooked rare, but you can't taste the rarity of the ahi tuna. The red wine reduction really completes the dish.Stuffed Dates: Ay yi yi! This is possibly one of my favorite things to eat on Earth. The bacon-wrapped, smoked almonds, with a nice red wine reduction and stuffed with a bit of blue cheese.  This dish I recommend to hide when it comes to the table...most likely on your lap under your napkin. This isn't something you want to share.Manchego Mac& Cheese- also may want to hide under your napkin.Paella - They bring this puppy out in the pan. Saffron rice, clams, mussels, shrimp, calamari, chicken, Spanish chorizo sausage don't tell me you don't want to take  bite of that!If you really don't want to take a bite of that...lie to me please. You'll hurt my feelings.FIREFLY FRIES: This is one of their signature dishes. My favorite fries on the planet. Fries mixed with herbs and topped with Parmesan cheese. Then with the magical aioli (garlic mayonnaise) on the side?!? This is one of those things you eat and you cant stop saying mmmmm and mid chew looking at the person with you and saying "THIS IS SO GOOD" These dishes you cannot pass up. We ordered more however, none of them can compare to these 4. I'll leave it up to you to take your taste buds on an adventure different from mine..Now for the GRAND FINALLY!  It is what you have all been waiting for.SANGRIAAAAAIt is a crime not order  pitcher of Firefly Sangria. You can order Red, White, or Sparkling Sangria. We ordered all 3. Don't judge me. Sparkling is my absolute favorite. It is so light and airy while it trickles down your throat. You will just die and go to heaven with one or two glasses.Fun Fact: They marinate the sangria's for three days before serving it. So you know you are getting the absolute best sangria in the city hands down.   My  Tips1.) Try and go early on the weekends. Firefly is always busy but weekends are the worst. 2.) Order the paella as soon as you can. It takes 45 min. to make, but well worth the wait.So my time is up. I've got nothing left to say. Actually I always do. You know me to well. I'll leave you with this.... If you don't eat at firefly, you ain't livin doll. All my love...from my heart & belly.
4	Its nice to have firefly on my side of town.  As I stated on my last review I wish they updated the menu making it exciting to see a few new options every once in a while.
4	Pretty cool little spot in the middle of nowhere. We all dug it.
1	Arrived on a Friday night with no reservation. We were told it would be a 20-25 minute wait, but were seated after only 10 minutes. Just as well since no one offered to serve us in the 10 minutes at the bar. Our waiter was prompt and courteous. The four tapas we ordered came out extremely quickly. Unfortunately, this seems to be due to the fact that everything had been prepared well in advance.  The bread seemed several days old. Very disappointed by the quality of the food. Too loud to hold a conversation.
4	I had about enough Vegas strip food as I could handle for a bit and wanted to try some local places.  I called up my friend from Vegas and she took me to Firefly!  I would never have thought to come here and I would never have found.I had her order all of her favourite items and we had a feast!Meats on a stick?  YES PLEASE!Garlicy goodness?  Don't stop!Raw seafood?  More!BACON ANYTHING!Yes I really enjoyed my meal here.  I'd recommend trying something from each section of the menu as there are a lot of delicious items.  I wish I had the stomach and time to try everything!
5	Random find for a tapas place, but they have the best steak I have ever had. And for $20 with fries and dipping aioli you can't beat the price. The steak is topped blue cheeses crumbles and it's tender and perfectly seasoned. My boyfriend was not a fan of this place until he tried their sirloin. I have been on a search to find a steak better than theirs' and I haven't found it yet!
5	I was feeling blue and a good friend took me to the one on Paradise. I fell in love, love, love with the place! The sangria was sweet nectar from the Wino Gods!  I normally don't like dates but OMG!.. the BACON WRAPPED STUFFED DATES! That is a FOODGASMIC EXPERIENCE! So, I was giddy with excited to learn they opened another location just 2 blocks from my house. Sometimes when there are multiple locations, things get lost in translation but not with Firefly. They are on point with every detail right down to the atmosphere. Every time friends or family come to visit I make them come with me and I get them addicted just like I am. I instruct them they all have to have their own order of DATES and then we get several items to share ranging from the Ham and Cheese Croquettas that just melt in your mouth, or the Artichoke Toast, or the Lamb Skewers that are tender and juicy every time! There isn't a bad item on the menu.  For those of us who are allergic to seafood, they take great care not to mix the dishes. I wanted the Paella and they combined they added the other meats to it so there would be no chance of cross contamination. Wonderful service always. Never have to wait for a refill on any beverage. If you haven't tried Firefly, what are you waiting for? An engraved invitation?
4	Love the concept, and love this place!  Tapas are the way to go to sample small dishes with lots of flavor.  Firefly is trendy, but the food is good and the atmosphere is great.  This location is a little quieter and a little less crowded than the strip location.  Love it!
5	In Vegas for a work trip and our group went to Firefly (Not sure if it was this location or the other). Fabulous food- and the mojitos were spectacular.  If you get nothing else, get the stuffed dates- bacon wrapped, smoked almond, redwine reduction and blue cheese. OH MY GOD.... they were amazing and fabulous and rich and wonderful. Everything that I had was really really good. The Padron Peppers are also great- these are some of my favorites. The lamb chops were really great with the sauteed veggies and veggies. Empanandas were smashing as well. It's a great place to go- get off the strip if you go to Vegas and go here.
4	Manchengo Mac and cheese!!! Mix up orders though :/
5	Took the kids and went to celebrate my husbands birthday. Loved the ambiance and enjoyed the food. Recommend this place if you want to get away from the craziness of the vegas strip
5	I recently went to Firefy due to a friends recommendation. The food was amazing, the atmosphere rocked and my waiter was really knowledgeable about the menu plus really attentive. Every time we needed a refill on a drink or a napkin he was right there. On my next visit to Vegas I will definitely go again.
5	This is my first time visiting Firefly and I was thoroughly content with my experience.  The menu was huge, but my waiter at Firefly really knew the menu and advised me well! The food was amazing! I'll definitely return.
5	I went to this tapas bar a few months ago and the service was awful. Then last week (despite my moaning and groaning) my friends really wanted to go to Firefly.  I couldn't believe that I was in the same place.  The wait staff was amazing! Everything was great from the food straight down to the service.  Well done, Firefly!  Keep it up!
5	Love this new location, and can't believe it took us this long to finally go check it out! It's so much more spacious then either of the other locations, I love that I can walk here! The sparkling sangria hit the spot!  We were pretty hungry & got carried away, we ordered 4 tapas! My fav this time was the vegetables & lentils, yum. This might just have to become a regular outing, but next time 3 tapas for 2 people is plenty. Especially since a pitcher of sangria during happy hour is pretty much mandatory :)
5	I love this place. I just moved here from SF and I was wondering if i would find a chill local bar/lounge near me to hangout and relax with friends. It's within walking distance. I'm stoked. I had the Crab Leg Corn Dogs, Duck Rolls and a pitcher of Sangria with a friend of mine. I'll definitely be going back.
4	I love love love tapas and am a new fan of Firefly.  1. Gather a group of friends2. Order a pitcher of sangria3. Order everything that your heart desires4. Taste a little bit of everything5. Order more sangria6. Take notes so you know what dishes to order and what to avoid next time. 7. Top off the meal with dessert and more sangria!With so many tapas options on the menu- there will obviously be some hits and misses.  Personally, there were a lot more hits- including:- Bacon wrapped dates: sweet, salty, bacony- always a hit- Manchego mac n cheese: one of the best mac n cheeses I've ever had- Artichoke toast: hearts, basil, aioli, pepper- perfect blend of flavors- Petit filet (medium): very tender, but the mushrooms and red wine sauce were my favorite part.    - Tierra y Mar skewers: shrimp, filet mignon, and sausage on a skewer. Delish.  But, order your filet, medium. - Steak and mushroom skewers- another hit- Camarones al ajillo- recommended by our waiter was the star of the meal!- Chocolate tres leches and the Cherry bread pudding were both decadent desserts and will definitely order again. The items that I can do without the next time:- Tuna tartare and the Shrimp ceviche were both missing something (maybe salt?)- Firefly fries- if you don't mind your fries soggy- then you will enjoy Firefly's version.  I prefer mine more crispy which is why this didn't appeal to me. The aioli was tasty though. And of course, the sangria and the mojitos were faaaaabulous. But, that may also be because I just had a baby- and had my first taste of alcohol after 9 months. Come during happy hour and you can drink even more! The atmosphere and vibe are great.  And the service was one of the best I have encountered in a while!
5	The only disappointment here, was that with a group of 25 people, we had to have a stuck menu.  They brought out bread and almond butter and green olives as we first sat down.  & some very strong Sangria! We had a set menu that continued to come out. First was the Artichoke Toast, then bacon covered dates, patatas, steak & mushrooms, meatballs,  & smoked salmon.  Everything was phenomenal! My favorite part was the cappucino and dessert.  Chocolate tres leche!!! HOLY AMAZING!!!  Highly recommend this restaurant & I will definitely be going back!
4	Quality food. The electrician at our hotel recommended Firefly and we ate here twice in 3 days. We ate at Julian Serrano the day before and felt the food at Firefly is just as good and half the price. Avoid the date night crowd by going between lunch and dinner.
4	I went there the other day.  The food was good, the Sangria was average.If there would be a negative, it would be a misleading menu.  I ordered the Filet Mignon Sliders, that (according to the menu) come with cheese (I forgot what kind,) and caramelized onions.  What I got was ground Filet (at least I hope it was,) a crumbly white cheese, some kind of orange sauce on it, and the onions were some fried thinly sliced onions on top of the sliders all over the plate... sort of like having onion rings on a burger... not really caramelized onions.Other than that, we had the Tuna Tartare, which was excellent.  Also, the Lamb sausage, which was good as well.I was going to give it 3 stars, as it didn't really blow me away.  But, the quality of the food, and the cheap prices made me raise it to 4.  I would go back.
4	a nice chill and mellow social experience.^^TIME SPENT2x at night-timeLAYOUTsouth american decor, low lounge seating, very somberly lit.   everything seems to roll together to give off the right upscale and interesting social experience.^^   it may even be even good for a romantic engagement.SERVICEprompt at first, but delivery is slow.   i found the server friendly and knowledgable about the menu.FOODbe warned, the majority of the food is not meant to fill...   the portions are small and the selection is meant to be picked over while u converse with your party.   however, what u get IS tasty, but the sangria is average fair.PRICINGthe menu isn't expensive, but all the small orders do add up.   drinking prices can look pricey ($8-$16 avg), but is really the norm in Vegas.   i'm actually surprised they're not pricier as Firefly feels very upscale.CLOSINGi think Firefly is a great place to be -- if you're a local.   sure, the decor is nice and the ambience is good...  but ur buying into a look and not the over-all experience.   IMO, the Vegas experience tourists should value, is the kind that they can't find anywhere else...  am i right.??low lighting, common tapas food, and the selection of exotic drinks (who doesn't have a signature drink these days) at Firefly won't leave you with a lasting impression of Vegas.   this place is more for locals who want to kickback after a long day of work or schmooze with their friends.and i hate to say nay to something and not fix it.   the Gordon Biersch Brewery right across the street would do you a better service.   i know my friends would recommend Musashi's located in the same shopping center, but i say meh to that also......  i'm not on their payroll, btw... LOLz.^^;
3	Maybe my expectations were a bit too high.. If this review was solely based on the paella, I would've added another star. But we got four items, and that was the only one we both liked. Tuna skewers were bland, the lobster "escargot" was just off, and the sliders according to the guy was "ok."Service was also mediocre. Sure money is important, and focusing more on larger parties means better tips, but we tip too!! And sometimes alot more than we really should! We shouldn't have to constantly flag someone down for a refill and we hardly saw our server. We politely asked for more bread, and he looked at us like we were bothering him. =\ Anyway, I'd probably come back for the paella..and only for lunch. This place gets real crowded for dinner and lunch time seems a bit more laxed.
3	Good items on the menu and some not so good items on the menu. I can't fault them on that for the very large varieties they offer. Items to avoid- the duck rolls sounded great but were not.  The Civiche was disappointing.The fillet was amazing!! Surprising for a Tapas bar!
5	The selection of different things to try at this place is endless.  Come here during happy hour and feast like you've never feasted before.  Try the sangria and just about anything on the menu is worth tasting.  If you are picky then maybe this isn't your place.  But if you like tapas this is THE spot.
2	totally underwhelmed.Too loudToo slow to seatNo one even asked us if our food was ok (and it wasn't)Too bad; the steak was supposed to be medium, but came out raw; the tuna was awful and the fries were soggy.Very sad about the whole experience - the waiter never once asked how it was or if he could get us anything else - wow, did he expect a tip?It was totally packed to the gills - what recession?We were bummed.  Hopefully we'll find something for tomorrow night where the staff gives a c^&*(&(&ap about us.
5	I'm giving a revised 5 stars to Firefly, not based upon the merits of a second visit (we haven't been back), but because of the stellar customer service provided by the manager in a recent series of emails and phone calls.I was delighted and surprised that the manager (Dave) read and responded to my less than positive review.  We had the most amazing conversation wherein we shared our thoughts and views about customer service, expectations of customers and how he trains his staff to deliver the best experience possible.It was very clear to me that he is committed to not only the restaurant and his employees, but to providing an outstanding experience to every guest.He extended a very warm invitation to visit again, which we plan to do.  Although Vegas is not only our schedule for 'weekend flings', we'll definitely be back to enjoy a meal and I'm confident I'll be able to post a much more positive and happy YELP!Marcy.
5	This place is amazing, great sized plates, amazing choices, the petite filet has to be the best piece of meat i have ever eaten, moist, flavorful all around delicious. The ceviche was ok, the tortilla chips were a lil stale, the tomato basil soup was great, the fried dates were great, and the vegetable empanada was savory. All i can say is that i am gonna go back for another plate of that petite filet.
4	First time at Firefly and will definitely be back!  Made reservations for 3 at 6:00pm.  Many people are like "WTF are tapas?"  I would define it as: small plates which allows you to order and try many things on the menu.  It's usually good for a group of girls sharing dishes. :)We ordered:*Roasted baby beet salad [mixed greens, goat cheese, toasted pecans, sherry vinaigrette ]-YUM!  The vinaigrette went great with the greens and the toasted pecans were almost like candy!*Chicken salad [chopped breast, grapes, smoked almonds, creamy cider dressing, endive]- delicious!  Just like a classic chicken salad.*Firefly* fries [parmesan, herbs, aioli]- this was probably the biggest dish we ordered.  The 3 of us couldn't finish it.  It was delicious and the aioli was so good, I wanted it more of it!*Camarones a la diabla [shrimp, spicy chile sauce, grilled bread]- wasn't too spicy at all, just a tiny bit of heat, which was nice, since it was the only "spicy" thing we ordered.  6 shrimp came on the plate.*Empanada[pastry stuffed w/roast pork, red pepper, w/salad, aioli]- really liked the salad.  Only one empanada came on the plate (cut in half), a little dry, but still good.*(i don't see this on the online menu)Lobster w/ parm and basil-it was OK.  That was the only dish that the 3 of us didn't like.For Dessert:*Banana-Nutella sandwiches [w/Nutella cream dipping sauce]-can you go wrong with nutella?  no.  'nuff said.*Chocolate cherry bread pudding [warm w/port wine reduction, vanilla ice cream]-good except for the fact that they use cheap vanilla ice cream and that ruined it for me.I had a glass of the red sangria, which has a very strong brandy taste, but still good.We all had a great time!  We left around 8:30pm and the place was PACKED!!!  Which was surprising, because the waitress did not rush us at all, which was really nice.  It was kinda loud in the restaurant, so be forewarned, but not horrible.I would definitely go back here!
5	My husband and I made a super last minute decision to try Firefly after every other dinner option we'd considered failed. I mean, it was on my list of places to try... but I wasn't explicitly in the mood for tapas that night until we checked Open Table and found they had a table available at 10:15.We were seated right away, and a waiter magically appeared seconds later to take our drink orders, before I'd even opened the drink menu! I'm glad I took a second to peruse it because they have three different kinds of sangria and I decided to try the sparkling first. I wouldn't get it again; it was more like a sweet cocktail than I'd expected (I swear there was midori in there) but the yummy red sangria I had next made up for it. The red sangria is GOOD STUFF.We were really hungry so we ordered like 6 dishes and enjoyed them all. We had the tiera y mar skewers (steak and shrimp with chorizo), baked tetilla, patatas bravas, crab claw corn dogs (i LOVED these), lobster "escargot" (little lobster knobs in a scampi or de joghne-like sauce) and shrimp ceviche. Everything was delicious! The only thing really lacking was the service- the two girls at the hostess stand ignored us and kept right on chit-chatting for a couple of minutes when we first walked in, and our waiter could've been friendlier, but it was nothing egregious and the food and sangria is good enough for me to come back MANY times.
3	Great tapas for Vegas.  Loved the grilled octopus.  The menu is super hard to read and they need to work on that.  Shrimp al fuego - bomb, TONS of calamari in one order, awesome bacon wrapped stuffed dates.  Not the best sangria, thats for sure.
3	Only 10 miles from the strip, but a 25 minute drive because of all the lights.This location is less busy, way newer, way cleaner, and way spacier than the Paradise location.Food portions are small and pricey, but very flavorful.
2	My first tapas experience was at a Strip restaurant 4 years ago. The bill for two people was $70+ and we left still very hungry. I have been scared to try tapas since, until I couldn't stop hearing about how amazing Firefly was. Unfortunately, Firefly ended up being more or less the same as that other restaurant: really small plates, mediocre food, and overpriced. Bacon Wrapped Dates - These were pretty decent but the bacon was so hard that it could be viewed as a weapon in prison. Manchego Mac and Cheese - Really cheesy but I can make a 9 x 13 pan of margherita mac for only a couple bucks more. Not worth it.Vegetable Empanada - The crust was yummy and flaky but the filling wasn't as delicious. My husband didn't finish his half. Firefly fries - big serving and decent but I wasn't planning on getting full from fries alone.Our bill was $24 for those dishes and we left to get different food because I didn't want to drop $70 to get full off of seemingly mediocre food. I think if you're the type of person to who doesn't need much to get full and likes variety, Firefly is for you. For those of us who have a never-ending appetite, you'll go broke before you're full eating here.
4	First time at this particular location. It's a great place for small or large parties for drinks and light bites. I'm always a fan of their tapas. Some of my favorites include the macaroni & cheese, padron peppers, bacon wrapped dates (these weren't as good as before, hopefully just an off night) and the shrimp diablo. On this particular location we brought my friend's 3 year old daughter. Not the greatest location for kids, but we were running out of options and this was a good alternative. The staff was very accommodating and it ended up being a fantastic evening.Good company helps, so I highly recommend this place for groups.
4	Felt like having tapas and had read good things about Firefly.  Thought we'd give it a try.  We had used open table to make reservations and when I checked in with the hostess she said "for Jen?"  Yup, that's me.  Thought that was nice. They asked us to sit and wait for a bit because the people prior to us hadn't left our table yet.  After about 5 mins the decided to sit us elsewhere which I thought was nice.The food was very very good. The average price I would say is about $6 per plate.  Some are $7, some $10, some $4. We had 7 different plates and the dates and the lobster escargot were the fav's at the table.  I had the Red Sangria which had a flavor that I wasn't expecting and I didn't care for it.  I ordered the White Sangria instead and sadly, still didn't like it. Of course I cannot let alcohol go to waste so I drank it anyway!  We also ordered the Padron Peppers.  I love these peppers and they say that 1 in every 100 actually contains some heat.  It must have been my lucky day; I should have hit the casinos.  The ones I was lucky enough to choose were friggin' hot!  Hot as in burning my mouth and getting the hiccups level of hot. Getting the hiccups while at a nice restaurant is something I would like to avoid going forward. One person at our table loves super hot anything and she loved them!  I did like them and which I could have had more but I just couldn't do that do my mouth anymore.  I deducted one star because of the sangria.  The server was great, food was wonderful, decor very contemporary.  Would definitely go back.  Total bill for 3 people including tip was $112.
5	I've only been to Firefly a couple times for drinks and to nosh on tapas. Well, I'm glad I did since it was an excellent choice. It gets super busy come 5pm and stays packed until close..I should know I pass it everyday from home to work. Try Firefly you won't be sorry you did!
4	By far the better of the two locations. If it was not for my friend wanting to drive around before dinner, I would still be going to the Paradise location. These two are like polar opposite siblings; one is the dark party monster while the other is a more laid back social butterfly. The reasons to love the Sahara location. 1- The fireplace is a nice touch that gives off a more chill atmosphere.2. High ceilings and adequate lighting makes it look larger. 3. It is not crazy busy, so we were sat right away.4. Staff are quick to drop off food, remove dirty plates, refill drinks, and even pour my sangria for me.5. For the first time in eons, I checked the bill and it was right. (The last three times my group went to the other one, we had to get things removed because they never came or they ran out and didn't take it off.)6. Food is still delicious (Different presentation style then the other one, but flavors are spot on.)7. Right now they have Pumpkin Beignets. They are not really beignets, more like donut holes, but still delicious. The reason to dislike the Sahara location.1. If you are sitting on the high tops near the door, a cold draft hits you every other minute. The Lamb Skewers were tender and juicy. They sat on a bed of lentils. I would have been happy with just a bowl of these phenomenal legume. The purple onions contributed to the flavor and gave them a nice bite. Duck Roll with a hoisin reduction will always be high on my list of to get items. The Stuffed Dates and Patatas Bravas are also crowd pleasers. We made the mistake of getting a pitcher between the two of us. $28 is a great deal compared to the regular price for two glass, so it was a no brainer to just man up. This man will be giving up alcohol for a while.
4	I had never had tapas before. Did not even know what it was. My son suggested this for lunch. It was amazing. the food was so good. by far one of the best meals I have ever had in Las Vegas. The Artichoke Toast was my favorite. Everything I tried was delicious. The service was excellent. I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu.
5	I've been to their other location on Paradise Rd. a few other times before, but the boyfriend and I decided to try this new location. We were surprised that this location was pretty spacious compared to the other one. The atmosphere is similiar to the other location. However the food was AWESOME! We had Stuffed Dates (always order this when we go there), Fried Calamari, Ahi Tuna Skewers, Lamb Skewers, Lobster Escargot and a pitcher of the Red Sangria. Oh! and we also had a small plate of bread with olives & butter. (yummy!!!) YES! That was a lot of food for 2, but as parents on a date night it was a must! Haha! I LOVE their food, but when someone mentions Firefly's, I automatically think SANGRIA!!!
5	Great place to be loud and socialize. Portions are small and cost between 3 to 10 for tapas, and 12 to 20 for entrees. There is dessert but we never try it cuz we get filled up fast on tapas.
4	We had our company holiday dinner here on Saturday night. The place was hoppin by 6 when we arrived. We were not totally satisfied with where they sat us, but the manager apologized and sent our party of 12 a couple of pitchers of Sangria. That was VERY nice of him and we enjoyed both the red and white Sangria. Yummy. Service was wonderful, our waiter was very patient and diligent. We were somewhat slow and indecisive as a group so that was appreciated. Food was awesome! I didn't have a single bad or unsatisfactory dish:calamari - OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!veggies and lentils bacon wrapped datesduck rollbeet saladThai beef saladapple and manchego saladcrab corn-dogssteak and mushroom skewersbanana nutella sandwicheschocolate bread pudding...that's all I can remember right now. I haven't been to this location of Firefly, and it's been years since I've visited the other location so now I'm wondering...what took me so long to come back? LOL I won't let that happen again.Prices were very reasonable and we all ate our fill but didn't break the bank!I will certainly return to try some other items and get another excellent pitcher of Sangria. Mmmmmmmmmmm.
4	I was thrilled when this location opened up since I don't always want to drive all the way to Paradise. My friends and I had frequented both other locations many times and Firefly is a staple for me when I'm trying to find a nice inexpensive meal with good ambiance. My friend had never had tapas before and was on a bit of a budget so I figured this would be a great way for her to get a nice variety and still save a bit of cash.We had about six plates between us and left pretty full. I always have my tomato basil soup, eggplant cannelloni, and one new item. Everything tasted just as great as usual and my friend would not stop raving about her Thai Beef Salad. Service was a bit slow but it was understandable since we hit the lunch crowd and there were a couple of large groups doing holiday parties in the restaurant. Our server still came by frequently to check on us and update us on our food. I'll definitely be coming back to this location more since it saves me the extra 20 minute drive to Paradise!
5	Ok, my top dishes...so far...the dates, the shrimp diablo, filet skewers, and the cheesecakes with passion fruit sauce!  The service is always excellent, though the wait times for a table are sometimes a little long. (hazard of a popular place)
1	Terrible service.  Twice in two weeks I have tried to dine here only to be told the kitchen closed early because of a lack of customers.  This is terrible and a properly run national chain restaurant would never do this, I guess this explains why so many local restaurants fail.  I will never return again and waste my time! Wayne Gorsek
4	I really liked this place.  Great place to meet after work.  One trip to Spain and now I'm hooked on tapas.  I think this is the best place in Vegas for tapas.
3	The place was packed.  I don't remember all the tapas we ordered but there wasn't a bad one.   The sangria was excellent.  Good food and drinks.On the service side it lacked.  Our busser took better care of us than our waiter.  I watched our busser in action and he was keeping the place going.  He was busting his ass.Three stars
3	I was visiting my friend in Las Vegas and he happened to bring me to this nifty little joint...and by little I mean quite large. When we first walked in on a chilly Tuesday night, the restaurant seemed poppin'. After looking around, I realized most of these kids were teenagers! WHY! Is this where the cool kids flock to during the weekdays in Vegas?The hostess seated us after a few minutes and we took our orders. I was FREEZING! Has this restaurant heard of a thing called HEAT?!?! It was especially cold for my table because we were positioned right next to the patio door. Every time someone walked through...WHOOSH! A slap of cold air delivered directly into my face. OK, so maybe I'm exaggerating a bit...but it was cold!I ordered the meatball tapa, a nice salad, and the sliders. They were all extremely satisfying! I especially liked the sliders, but I was a bit full off of my other orders and the bread. My friends ordered the fries...and that meal...was...wow. The fries themselves weren't fantastic, but when you have a bunch of friends at a table just talking...the finger foods will inevitably be eaten just because they were there in front of us.So that was our meal. A little pricey for the drinks...the service was subpar...and I was shivering most of the time. But if you're going here to catch up with some friends (or make new ones), by all means...go for it!I can't say that I'll be here again because I don't live in Vegas, but I wouldn't mind returning if someone wanted to go. So all in all....mediocre.Bring a jacket.
5	Andy is awesome and friendly and makes awesome drinks. I came here on my birthday after a terrible lunch experience (elsewhere) and he brightened up my day!
4	Headed to this location after driving by the Paradise spot and seeing a ton of people outside the front door. It was also busy here but at least we could wait indoors near a fire place. There were some less than optimal seating options near the constantly opening doors that we were crossing our fingers not to get called for. Luckily we got a table not near the doors(patio and front entry way). The service was fantastic, especially compared to my last two visits to the Paradise location. The staff was attentive and friendly. The dishes were mostly good but some were a little different that we expected based on previous experiences at Paradise. Most were as good or better but the Chorizo and Clams was the only one that was WAY OFF. The menu description even stated the sauce was made of white wine yet the sauce here was made of a heavy tomato base and came across more as a pasta sauce. The chorizo was the saving grace as I think it ranks right up there with bacon. Overall, I would return to this location based on service even though it is far from my home.
5	Love this place! The small "Tapas" style food means I get to taste several items, which makes my taste buds happy:) Food is priced well, atmosphere is fun and funky, and the service is super.  Have and will continue to visit. P.S. Mac and Cheese is magnanimous!! Order one for yourself, you wont want to share this Tapa.
5	Love the small portions and great atmosphere.
4	I went on a Friday between lunch and the happy hour crowd (guessing). The restaurant was 60% full and the bar area was relatively empty. But, I thought a pretty good showing given it was 2:30 pm. I had never been to this location (except to buy gift certificates) but have been to Paradise a couple of times, but it's been a few years.Service was really good. My waitress was attentive but, agree with other yelper, the bus guys bust their butts and there was always one around to order more food (yes, surprised they did this, needed more water, or plates cleared).Food was great too - I am not a drinker but everyone else had a drink - I do not eat meat for the most part and everything I ordered was delicious. In order of tastiness:1) Thinly sliced roasted eggplant stuffed with cheese (goat, I think), with a little tomato sauce2) Veggie empanadas - first time I have seen empanadas served without meat - YUM, you won't even miss it - seasoned empanada eaters2) A tie with above, the salad of apples, manchego cheese and bits of smoked almonds3) the potato espanola thing, a potato casserole, this may have been better but, it was the last thing to come out and the other dishes were so flavorful. I couldnt tell if this really fell short of the others or if it was timing.I had the berry lemon tarts for dessert - presentation was pretty and they totally hit the spot for the sweet little something.  I ordered this from the bus guy, and had asked him the flan or the lemon tarts - he hesitated giving me his recommendation but, said for him, the tarts. Good recommendation! Tapas generally are pricey given the quantity but, I thought my experience at this location was better than what I remember of the Paradise location.
4	We were able to slip into Firefly during lunch when it was not too crowded. With a group of 12, we were lucky that it wasn't. However, the restaurant doesn't plan so well for larger groups with the tapas styles, as all the plates we were ordering didn't fit so well on the table that we were at. The menu has a wide array of items and everyone should be able to find an item that they like. I personally enjoyed the filet minon sliders with a good balance between the sauce and feta. The ahi tuna was a little tough and would have been better if just seared on the outside instead of completely cooked. However, in the tapas style, it was great to try a number of dishes you didn't order to add to what you did, such as the mac and cheese which was pretty good considering I am not a big mac and cheese kind of guy.They also have a good selection for drinks to compliment the various tapas. With a good wait staff and good ambiance, I would say I'd be back, but only if I drive, as it was a bit out of the way.
5	I love freaking tapas! This place was a great birthday dinner location, and I had a blast! We came an hour before happy hour ended so we were keeping those drink orders rolling since they were half price! We had the pumpkin spice martini, pomegranate martini, a martini with ginger (I'm sorry! I forgot what the name was), and the passion fruit mojito.Passion fruit mojito? BOMB!Pomegranate martini? BOMB, but strongPumpkin Spice martini? Strong, spicy, and EXPLOSIVE in your mouth!The food? I honestly lost track of how many items we ordered because it just kept coming! They were all so good! I mean we practically ordered half of the menu.Chicken skewers: so full of flavor and tang, that its kicking soccer balls of flavor in your mouth. chicken very tender.Beef and mushroom skewers: very very good. Tender, juicy, and flavorful.Fish sticks: a great crispy breading with a very tender filet.Lobster escargo: AWESOME.ORG!!!Ceviche: Very light, and soft flavorHonestly, we had more food, but I just lost track and couldn't remember thanks to the food coma I had towards the end of our meal. I was so stuffed and buzzed that I didn't quite know what hit me more...The service was great! The server and bussers came back to check up on us every 15 minutes, and they didn't mind at all that we kept making more orders. Most of all the nice waitress gave me and my friend free tres leches cake with a nice candle for our birthday...we didn't even ask for it. Aw..she's so sweet. HUGS FRIEND!!!
4	I love Firefly...I've never been to this location though. I find this location more convenient, the food and service was just as good as the Paradise location.I always get their yummy Stuffed Dates, Filet Sliders, Lamb Chops, Tempura Shrimp, and Ham and Cheese Croquetas.The Artichoke toasts,  Padron Peppers, Firefly Fries, and Baked Tetilla are tasty as well. Not a fan of the Albondigas, a bit plain, nothing exciting going on there.Their mojitos and sangrias are perfect belly washers. The complimentary olives and toast with butter spread is perfect. Fun place for a group to pick a bunch of tapas and share, then you get to try more.The only dessert I've ever had was their Chocolate Cherry Bread Pudding which was bit too heavy after all those tapas.
5	Manager emailed/called after my prior review about closing kitchen early and apologized and offered complimentary meal.  This is how you should treat a customer and as a result I have returned them to five star.  The Sliders, Padron Peppers, Fries, Mushroom Tart, Complimentary Bread and Spanish Red Wines are awesome and at reasonable good value prices.
5	This. Place. Is. AWESOME.I cannot express this enough. The tapas here are so delicious to the point it's exciting. It's exciting because the plates are small but SO packed with flavor. The menu is practically an all-go menu. No matter what you choose, it will always be satisfying. I have tried maybe every dish on their menu due to my constant cravings. I guess that's what makes it exciting -- you never know what to expect but you will always know your taste buds will be happy. Another thing you can't miss while you're here: their mimosas and their flavored mojitos. If you're looking for a good time with friends, or here for a first date, you won't be disappointed. Omnomnom
5	I planned my birthday party to be held at this location last month and these people really delivered.I had a group of about 25 and had setup reservations for the lounge area.I showed up and they allowed me to choose how I wanted the seating arranged which was great and they had it done in less then 10 min.The waiters were very understanding and very nice. There were no struggles with orders and no conflicts what so ever with anything. Everyone had fun and enjoyed being here I personally absolutely love this location and the staff here are seriously beyond fucking great. Really great managers too I reccomend anyone to go that loves eating tapas.
4	I never thought going to a different location the food would be different. *Food*5/5 Bread w/ sweet almond butter spread: I'm addicted to this FREE appetizer. It's just a simple french bread cut into slices with olives and this amazing sweet almond butter spread.  3/5 Baked Filets of Tilapia: Tasted like your normal fish sticks with tarter sauce. It came with a salad and this light dressing. I loved the dressing very light and I can't really explain it but it was delicious. 4/5 Ahi Tuna Skewer: The tuna's seared with mango's left in a a sweet soy sauce salsa. First I didn't think this was my ahi tuna skewer till I realized OH ITS SEARED. I was expecting fresh chunks of tuna but its okay it gave the skewer a nice flavor seared. 3/5 Camarones al ajillo: My favorite and one of my usual orders at firefly, I was pretty sad to taste that there was a huge difference between the paradise location and this location. Camarones al ajillo is shrimp/garlic/butter and its delicious. I felt at this location there wasn't enough butter or garlic but more lemon. It had more of a tangy sauce rather than the butter goodness I'm used to. 4/5 Steak and mushroom skewers: One of my usual orders, I pretty sad to taste that there was a difference between the paradise location and this location. The creamy sauce the skewers are placed in tasted off. If you want to try this tapas I suggest trying it at their paradise location first because you'll absolutely love it there. 4/5 Filet Mignon sliders: The filet Mignon came wit 2 small buns topped with some kind of creamy cheese and caramelized onions which were crunchy. Very delicious. The filet Mignon was also juicy. *Drinks*5/5 Sangria: Red, everyone knows Firefly is known for their sangria. I've always gone to their other location on paradise but my boyfriend and I couldn't get a reservation there. So we tried this location and in my opinion I think the sangria was much strong here than their other location. We ordered a pitcher for 2 people surprisingly we finished it. *Desert*5/5 Chocolate "tres leches" cake: get this desert, I've tried the Gelato which was also good but super bad for you lol but this cake omg.. it melts in your mouth. Its not your traditional chocolate cake you would expect. The cake is super soft and what ever cream sauce they drizzle on it is so yummie...*Service*5/5 The Service here was amazing! I went on Valentines day with my boyfriend. Before walking in I felt bad because the workers had to work on Valentines day. I thought they would be sluggish or rude but omg they were so nice. I had a great waitress that was super funny. Also we had a busboy that knew the menu really well that helped us with our order.
5	We went to several restaurants while in Vegas (yes as tourists) this was the only one that was any good.  If you're looking to find something off the strip that's good and not a mortgage payment, check out Tapas.
5	I dig this place.  Tons of selection and each one seems outstanding.  Great atmosphere.  Not much into Sangria, but the menu is diverse enough to warrant the reputation.  Will be back.
2	I was so excited to take my mother-in-law to Firefly for her 70th birthday, but the restaurant does not take reservations for parties smaller than 10 people on the weekends. I generally don't ask for, or expect, special treatment, but I was so disappointed when they wouldn't make this small concession after saying the wait could be as long as an hour.
3	So I finally got to go to this Firefly on Sahara.  The setting was nice but not as spanishy outdoor-esque like the one on Paradise.  But nontheless, it was somewhere new to try.  So we first ordered what else...Red Sangria, not as tasty but a little stronger than Paradise some might like that I did not...So here comes the bread and sweet almond butter...Yum can't get enough I even like the olives.First order...Thai beef salad...umm portion was wayyyy smaller here and I needed a little more sauce, I liked the fact that they sprinkled red pepper flakes here but I will just ask them to do it on Paradise. Tierra y mar...filet mignon skewer with shrimp and sausage with salsa verde sauce.  Sauce was better at Paradise.  BBQ ribs, I don't care for it at all but my hubby tored it up!! I can tell you that this place is good.  We always end up sitting at the bar and eat at the bar, we don't mind.  Bartenders are always nice and helpful. But I rather go to the Paradise location for better food and more of it.
4	(actually 3 1/2 stars as I don't think you really get your money's worth here compared to some of the other restaurants I have given 4 stars to.) So I have been waiting to try this place over the year since I moved here but my wife always said NO I DON'T LIKE SPANISH FOOD.  So the other day she goes out with friends and ends up at the Firefly on Paradise.  Lo and behold she comes home raving and admitting I was right and we should have tried it long ago.  So a few days later she finally lets me go to try it.  Other reviewers raved about the bread but we were not offered any.  We loved the bacon wrapped figs (even my daughter loved it to my surprise.).  The crab claw corndogs were good and I did love the spicy mustard dipping sauce.  We enjoyed the mushroom tarts, the steak and mushroom skewers.  The crispy duck spring rolls were excellent.  My daughter liked the empanada.  On the negative, I would stay away from the big bowl of pasta.  With shrimp it cost $22.00 and to behonest, I have had microwave meals that tasted better.  THe sauce is good but watery and the angel hair was way over cooked.  Also, it wasn't $22.00 worth of pasta and shrimp.    Although you could probably control yourself and eat much cheaper than we did, if you aren't careful the price can add up quickly as the plates are small.  The sangria is excellent and the Paella looks great, I think we will try that next time.  The service was good as the waiters and hostesses were friendly and attentive.
4	Had a great time tonight, our server Mandy was fantastic, very sharp and on point with our order!! I am sitting in her section from now on.
3	I love the other firefly but after eating there tonight I was left disappointed.  The food isnt the same as there other location its just not as good and greasy.The employees are awesome and very attentive.  The happy hour is great prices on mohitos and other drinks.  If the food starts tasting as good as there other location I will definitely be visiting more.
5	Loved this place. Visited Vegas and had some plans at red rocks that took me away from the trip. I thought for sure the dinning would be mediocre out of the drag. Wrong! This place is one of my favorite restaurants. The ambiance felt like a lounge, with just the right amount of comfort mixed with attitude. Service was stellar. Padron peppers, lamb rack were tasty. Octopus on the menu? Awesome.
4	Loved the Sangria and lots of tapas untill our Paella arrived. Great service, no dissapointments there.
2	I think this place was on the TV show "Restaurant Stakeout", and I know why. The service was bad. It was slow, the servers were impolite, and they did not pay attention. Even when we made eye contact or flagged them down, we were ignored. A few simple plates took forever to come out, with no excuse or apology. I didn't even get my water for a while. The food was pretty good, but it does not make up for poor service. What did make up for the poor service was our small tip. I hope they cleaned up their act after that TV episode, because we're never coming back there.
5	Great food, great service. need I say more? Try the stuffed dates and chicken/chorizo stuffed mushrooms.  Tasty!
5	The food = Amazing. The Ambiance = dark, cozy and intimate.Service = Cool, but not very impressionable from what I've experienced.Drinks = great cocktails and great selection of pitchers of mojitos and sangrias.Come here for cocktails with friends.  Great place for a date night with the lover.  Celebrate something special here.  Compared to the other location on Paradise this place in bigger, better and convenient since it's in my area.  Favorites: -Chorizo and clams = 5 star-Stuffed dates wrapped in bacon = 5 stars-Veggie empanada = 5 stars-Petite filet = 5 stars-Shrimp ceviche = 4 stars-Carmel flan = 4 stars-Red Sangria = 5 starsTRY ALL OF THEM! You will fall in love with this place.
3	We celebrated our adult daughter's birthday here (her choice) on a Saturday night.  I was happy they took reservations and was informed by the hostess that it was a $25 dollar minimum for larger parties during the weekend.  There were thirteen of us and I figured a drink a person and food no problem and encouraged everyone to eat-up.The atmosphere was festive, the service was spectacular.  The food was tasty, but after sampling quite a few of the dishes I was a bit overwhelmed with too many sauces and mixtures of taste.  Others in our party had no problem.  My husband was asking for the entree menu and everyone in our party laughed.  My daughter had to explain a couple of times that they serve tapas and only a few entrees, none that he cared for.  We never received the bread that everyone raves about, unfortunately I read the reviews after eating here or I would of asked for it.The sangria was delicious.$700 plus later, seemed a bit much for appetizers and drinks.  We did enjoy ourselves, but not really our cup of tea.
4	I am SO glad that there is a Firefly location on the west side of town! It is a very cool location for either a date or with a group.  It was definitely busy on a Saturday night, but our group was able to be seated in the lounge area at one of the tables in the back. This was great, because it was intimate with couches and low chairs, and we were able to stretch out a bit and enjoy ourselves.  Service was a little slow, but we couldn't fault them for that- they were pretty packed.I had a blueberry mojito, and while it wasn't bad, I've definitely had better. The food was very good, however. We had the meatballs, empanadas, duck egg rolls, lobster escargot, calamari, steak and mushroom skewers, stuffed dates, and maybe one or two other things I am forgetting. The calamari was great, and I also enjoyed the empanadas.  Despite all of this food, the portions are small, so you likely won't get full. The stuffed dates were delicious as always, and so was the calamari. The lobster escargot was good, but had lots of garlic!  All of this adds up quickly, so keep track of your ordering.We'll be back!
4	This is a great spot for locals to bring visitors. It's nice for Vegas to have a non-chain/non-gaming/non-smoking restaurant that has good food and good drinks. They have a great happy hour with $14 pitchers of sangria! Their chicken salad tapas is to die for. The only reason I'm not giving this little gem 5 stars is because their service is hit or miss. I feel it often takes longer than it should to be greeted by our server and receive our drinks. However, that's easy to overlook when you're getting such great food, drinks and ambiance!
4	When you are craving great Spanish Tapa's food (and you should often....) and are in Vegas make sure you stop by Firefly Tapas Kitchen and Bar!!  The food is amazing....  Finish your meal with the stuffed dates because it is soooo yummmy.  You won't want any other flavor to end your great meal.  We always hit this place up when we come into town which is once a quarter.  We went to the new location and it is so nice inside.  Cozy and warm.  You won't be disapointed!!1
5	As a chef who has worked for a tapas restaurant before I use say that Firefly reminded me how much I love this concept.  The food and drinks were amazing and the service was pretty much the same. A little slow at points in removing dirty plates but to me that is only a small thing.My wife and I had a strawberry mojito and a watermelon mojito which we very flavorful and delicious. For food we had:Manchego and Serrano plate 5 starsBacon Wrapped Dates 5 starsPulpy Asado 4 starsFirefly fries 4 starsTomato bread with Manchego 5 starsManchego Mac n Cheese 5 starsLobster escargot 4.5 starsAlbondigas 4 starsFilet Sliders 5 starsDessertFlan 5 starsTres Leche Cake 5 starsBead pudding 4.5 starsBanana and nutella sandwich 4.5 starsGreat food, great drink, nice environment. We will be back for sure.
3	We've been to this location multiple times. Last night we had good service and our food hit the table in record time! However, it also lacked a little bit of flavor and some of the sauces that we're normally accustomed to.Quality control was lacking and that's the reason for 3 stars instead of our normal 4/5 star experience.
5	Service was very friendly. It was our first time at a tapas restaurant and decided to try it for my 20th birthday. Our busser, nick was so entertaining and personable. He made us smile every time he came to the table. he even got us a complimentary flan with a lit candle. For the occasion. He definitely made my night!
4	Perfect for a girls night out or meeting with another couple. Low key on weeknights and lunch can be crowded Friday and Saturday nights.Firefly has both red and white Sangria, which are both good. My favorites are the Mojitos by the pitcher, bacon wrapped dates and apple salad. Calamari is good with a group, it has a bigger portion.
1	Skinnier portions greater prices greater meaning inflated
4	This place was recommended to us by a Vegas local friend of mine and I was so glad we discovered this little gem.We made a reservation since we wanted to dine at 7pm on a Saturday with 8 guests.  We arrived at 745 and the hostess politely greeted us and escorted us to our table a moment later.  The whole concept of tapa dishes was new to me and most of my group so the waitress explained everything and recommended a few dishes.The best was the sangria and I tried all 3 kinds and just couldn't decide which I enjoyed more!  Sooooo good :). They have sparkling, red, and white.  They are all super tastey!!
4	We stumbled upon this place while we vacationed in beauty Summerlin - Las Vegas that is.  Right away I loved the decor and the giant fireplace in the bar.  The Staff is amazing and efficient.  Firefly reminded me how much I do love tapas - 2 nights in a row.  The bar is great and comfortable with plenty of high tops, but they also boast a large heated patio.Any tapas place worth it's weight should have outstanding Sangria in both varieties - and Firefly delivers.  My favorite was the sparkling White Sangria - it was refreshing, fruity and superb.As for the small plates, we sampled the following:Tierra Y Mar Skewers - the sausage is the most outstanding tidbit.Empanada - 2x because just one a piece wasn't enough.Meatballs - or Albondigas as they call them.Veggie Empanada - delicious, and just as good as the pork.  Maybe better!I sure do wish there was one of these nearby me!
5	Awesome servers, great padron peppers, sliders, fries, steaks and infused martinis!
4	I always have the best time when I go to Firefly!They have amazing food and perfect Sangria's!I would definitely recommend their bacon wrapped dates - cannot even explain to you how amazing they are!I would also recommend their steak and mushroom kabob - I do not even like mushrooms and I order this every time I go there - because it is that good!The only complaint is that it is always crowded and I hate waiting for a table. At least you can sit outside if you would like, or order a drink while you wait.
4	Excellent tapas and service.  We probably tried about 10 different tapas and they were all pretty good.  The tuna tartar was excellent as was the petite filet.  The petite filet arrived well after all our other food and without even asking, they removed it from the bill.  That is the kind of service that I like, not having to ask them to do the right thing.  The sangria is excellent as was the outdoor seating.  For a pitcher of sangria plus all our tapas (less the petite filet) it was $88, not bad for a big dinner.100% would eat here again and recommend to friends
2	We were really looking forward to coming here, we had good memories from when we came at Christmas for our 5th wedding anniversary. The service during happy hour was allover the place. The waitress attempted to prove my wife wrong when my wife pointed out that the sangria was sparkling and she ordered the still. The food was really so-so. When we came at Christmas it was much better. We noticed there was not much flavor and most things for some reason now have chilli or some kind of hot sauce in them.Totally bummed, this was going to be one of the highlights of our trip.
4	Firefly, oh Firefly, how I love thee!!! Been to this location twice now and while it doesn't have the same feel as the original on Paradise, the food is just as good. I could go on and on about Firefly, but lets just say it's one of my favorite places in Vegas and I highly recommend going if you haven't already. Although if you haven't made that decision already based on all the other great reviews, you are clearly too picky!My only gripe with Firefly has been that there portion sizes seem to change frequently and that often the dishes are inconsistent in appearance and extras on the dish. Most noticeably to me is the Eggplant Canneloni which I've gotten several times and always seems to be different sizes. Sometimes they are big, sometimes they are small, sometimes they are medium... you get the point.Outside of that, no major complaints.
5	service was great. Cozy restaurant.  Mojito was delish!  We came with 11 definitely was good to have a reservation.  Favorite was the tuna tartare and chorizo clams.  We had at least 20 items and all were great. Lemon berry tarts are a must! Will come back to vegas just to go here
4	I like this location as it's close to home and the library!  Went here the other night and stuffed myself silly.  There were 3 of us and it was around 6pm and the place was hopping.  We waited for about 30 minutes, which is short, and were seated by the perky hostess.  All our tapas were great and flavourful; on this visit, our favourites included the padron peppers (mild), the bacon-wrapped dates (because anything in bacon is great), and the tortilla a la espanola.  We also enjoyed the sangria and dessert (lemon tarts and chocolate-cherry bread pudding).  Our server was fantastic and attentive without being insincere!Come out for a good time and some great nibbles.
5	I went to the west side Firefly location for the first time last night. I was meeting a large group, but I got there first so I had a drink at the bar. The bar was busy, but the bartender looked cool and calm and I had excellent service, he even took the time to go through some of their new wines with me and I ended up trying a malbec that was amazing. I talked with the couple next to me and they come in at least twice a week. They said they even like it better than the one near the strip, which I was surprised to hear. My group finally showed up and we were seated right away. There was eight of us total. Our waiter was so nice and friendly from the moment he walked up to the table. He recommended some of his personal favorite tapas dishes and of course we had several pitchers of the famous sangria. The entire staff was great. from the hostess, the bartender, the waiter, the busser I honestly had no complaints... Except that I ate too much ;) The manager even came by our table twice throughout our dining experience to check on us. It seemed as if the staff worked well as a team and that's what makes a restaurant one I want to go to. I will and already have recommended the Sahara location to many of my friends and plan on being there for happy hour later this week. See you there!
5	Really good food and excellent service both times we went. I highly recommend this place. It also has excellent atmosphere.
5	Have always loved The original Firefly on Paradise, but actually prefer this west side locations ambiance more. Brittany is an awesome bartender with a great personality!  She made our dining experience wonderful. Was very patient since I couldn't figure out what I wanted to try that I haven't had before! Great suggestions!  Will be back more when she's here! Btw. The food is always terrific! I love the bacon wrapped dates, and the warm spinach salad is delicious! So many great things.........
3	Solid 3.5 stars.  We hadn't dined at a Firefly in at least a couple of years so what the heck.  I actually prefer the atmosphere of this one over Paradise.  High ceilings, less cramped and more parking space.  The menu hasn't changed much from what I remember but I did notice a couple of things like the lobster corn dogs and lobster "escargot style" so we got those at $10 a plate.  The corn dogs were the only disappointing dish of the night.  The breading was not good and it was kinda soggy.  The escargot lobster was tasty.  I suppose anything cooked escargot style would be.  Aside from the usuals like bacon wrapped dates, empanadas (pork is better than the vegetarian) and sliders, we went with our waiter's one suggestion of the warm spinach salad.  Glad we did that!  Who knew warm wilted spinach with pine nuts, roasted peppers and artichoke would be so good??  I think whatever dressing they had going on knocked it out of the park.  The sangria packed a nice punch as well.  I would be fine coming back to this location.
1	horrible not tolerable waiting period.The waiter selects and profiles who he will handle first.We came in and sat down. The waiter never not once came to me butTook care of TWO other older customers that were seated AFTER me. Theywere next to me.Waitresses have prissy attitude problems that ownershould be aware of.We just got up and left.
5	I think we should all have a friends night out at this restaurant. Share the food (macaroni shells!), share the drinks (sangria!), enjoy the menu. Big parties are better. Firefly does not take reservations so expect a wait, especially on weekends!
4	Had dinner at Firefly last night. Good energy in the whole place. Waited about 10 min for a table. Waiter came right away and got us started with drinks. I had the Hendricks cucumber martini which was very good. We had about 10 items, all of which were good. Standouts were the chicken skewers, tortilla espanola, shrimp diablo, mac and cheese and firefly fries. Unfortunately they were out of lobster somewhat weren't able to try those dishes. For dessert we chose the fruit tarts and the chocolate tres leches. The tres leches was definitely the better of the two but nothing to write home about. All in it was about $45 per person with a cocktail. It isn't haute cuisine but the ingredients are good, dishes well executed and the hot food hot, cold food cold. Service was friendly and a little rough around the edges but not annoyingly so. We enjoyed the meal and the atmosphere. I would certainly go back. Next time I will be sure to try the sangria.
5	Excellent service! Almost too attentive! Great food! Took my husband to dinner he had never been and I had never been to this location. Very good.
5	This review is directed at Brooke C's rude and ridiculous review.. First off I've been coming to this firefly location for quite a while now and I have never received anything but excellent service even during the busiest times.. And as for the bartenders I've found them all to be nothing but professional and service has always been quick and courteous.. Never have I heard the bartenders be rude or inappropriate but this is a bar and sometimes the talk at the bar isn't what everyone likes to hear and if u can't handle that then don't sit at the bar.. Go patiently wait on the numerous chairs and stools around the restaurant..The food has always been very good and there are few things on the menu i havent't tried.. The wait staff have always gotten to our table very quickly and our food orders have never taken an overly long time to get there even on the most busy of nites.. I find this review by Brooke C to be very personal and attacking and think it is way outta line and uncalled for.. It sounds to me like u were having a bad nite before u ever walked in here and pretty much parlayed your shitty mood into the rest of ur evening and took it out on everyone who served u and it seems a little biased and unfair.. My opinion is u should give this place another try or just keep ur bitterness to yourselves and stay home and be miserable there., but either way your review of this location of Firefly is way off base and inaccurate and everyone who reads it should take it with a grain of salt and anyone who wants to try this place should just come in and give it a try for themselves...!!!!I
4	We came here for a birthday celebration and had a great experience. We had about 20 people, and they were quite accommodating to us all! The drinks we fantastic, loved the sangria! And the food was delish. Between all 20 of us I think we at least got one of each thing on the menu, and everything was amazing. My personal fave was the muscles in a coconut curry sauce, YUM!Only reccomendation... it IS tapas after all, so each person orders multiple things, the tables are so small!!!!! They need some bigger tables, and maybe people would eat and order more!
1	Hands down on 5 stars for food and drink! However, I've noticed a decline in the customer service department. For the first time, I've left a 7% tip instead of my usual 20% tip. Step it up guys!
4	Really great atmosphere!  They were super busy on the Saturday night I went to dinner with friends, but they somehow managed to give stellar service!  The server and busser (this place apparently works in teams to handle tables) were attentive, pleasant, and funny to boot.  The food, well, it's super tasty, and you would do a disservice to yourself to not come here at least once.Big kudos for a larger space and more parking than the Paradise location.Oh, and they're allegedly doing salsa nights on every other Saturday, though don't quote on me that as I only heard that from the busser in passing. Great option for dinner with friends or for a date night!
5	Sunday, July 15,2012. Firefly Tapas. Dear Mr. Vernon, We accept the fact that we assumed that Firefly was only a Lunch/Dinner spot. What we did *was* wrong. But we think you're crazy to make us write an essay telling you why we came for Sunday Brunch at 10:00am. What do you care? You see Firefly as you want to see it - in the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. You see it as a brain (making delicious cocktails), an athlete (bringing top notch service), a basket case (what's with the pictures of cocks, and was the wall paper painted after a fifth of gin?), a princess (paintings of beautiful flamenco dancers, but why are they all facing away?) and a criminal (black leather seats and rivets? Are they into S&M). Correct? That's the way we saw Firefly until at 10:00 this morning. We were brainwashedYup, you heard right, Firefly is now open for Sunday Brunch. If that doesn't make you squirm in your seat, moth watering for tasty tiny plates of flavor, you need to get out more.Here is a detailed breakdown of what we had, and what we thought:Firefly*Benedict - one Benny with chorizo - lots of flavor, but you'll need something else to rest your palate. Patatas Bravas - Mmmm, tasty potatoes with a seasoned aioli, very yummCarne Asada Breakfast Taco - good complement to the benny, this could be a bit bland on its ownHuevos Rancheros - perfect balance of egg, bean and sauceLemon-Ricotta Pancakes - the Molly Ringwald of the day, light and fluffy, and tasty with blueberry gravy - we had twoKinky Kelly - this is one of their signature cocktails, like a sweeter belini with a fruit rollup candied flower floating in itBlackberry Gin and Tonic - another delightful cocktail, perfect balance if you like ginOne last note about the service, please remember that this is tapas, which means that you are likely going to make your server run in several orders as you taste and sample the many delights. If they are able to manage this with multiple tables, with some sunday brunchers bringing groups of six to eight, they are kickin' butt. For good service, you might want to kick in an extra percent or two for the extra effort that this requires.So in closing:Dear Mr. Vernon, we accept the fact that we thought Firefly was a night time place. What we did *was* wrong. But we think you're crazy to no get your butt up on Sunday to try their Brunch. You see them as you want to see them... In the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. But what we found out is that each one of us is a brain drinking cocktailsThe server: ...and an athlete, remember 15 visits to your table...The decorator: ...and a basket case, those are chickens, not "cocks"...Flamenco Paintings: ...a princess, isn't my neck lovely...The decorator again: ...and a criminal, leather and rivets remind me of Spain...Skacey: Does that answer your question?... Sincerely yours, the Firefly Brunch Club.
4	The other reviews were right on with the red sangria ($7), yummy!  Although I thought it was on the strong side, which is fine by me.Smoked Salmon Toasts ($7)- raw salmon layered on top on wheat toast topped with dill dressing and capers.  Oh yeah, these were yummy.  This tapa seemed to provide the most bang for your buck.Bacon wrapped dates($4-5)- You want to order these!  They were the best tapa we ordered.Ham and Cheese Croquets ($5-6)- 3 fried little things that were the most unhealthy thing we ordered and were my least favorite.  Not very cheesy and did not have much ham in them.Spicy Shrimp ($?)- Cooked to perfection and were not terribly spicy.The waitstaff was very attentive.  Our waiter was able to split our check three ways with credit card, which was helpful.I wouldn't recommend this type of dining to parties less than two.  It's family-style dining, so you would want to go with at least three people.  I'm not sure this place is for manly men, lol, being that the portions are small and aren't meal-like.  It's a great place for us ladies, though.It is on the pricey side, about $20-30 a person.
4	Love the food and drinks, but could someone please turn the music down!  You have to yell to the person sitting right next to you to be heard.  Would have stayed longer and ordered more, but it was just too noisy.
5	Firefly is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the city. I love tapas personally. I belive that variety is the spice of life so I like that you get several small plates, it makes me happy!Its always busy at this location and is becoming as popular as the paradise location. Its easy to spend a lot of money so be careful stilland if anyone goes that hasn't been the absolute musts are:stuffed dates; sparkling sangria;nutella sandwiches and last but not least the sliders.. You cannot go wrong with those four dishes.. oh and lets not forget the manchengo mac & cheese! Damnit now i'm drooling..!!
4	This is now one of our favorite restaurants in town. We love the stuffed dates and beet salad. The food is perfect for sharing and the pitcher of sangria too! :) Firefly is a must do while in Vegas.
4	This is definitely a cool and hip place.  Lush, red decor and comfortable high tables in the bar.  They have a patio, which is always a plus.  Great mix of people here.  I should be giving this place 5 stars, right?  But here's the thing: I HATE TAPAS!  I hate that there are only like 2 bites of everything and the worst is when you go with a party of, say, 4 and there are 5 pieces of something and then everybody keeps eyeing that last piece and there's a bunch of fake"Oh, do you want that?" "No, you can have it!" "No, YOU can have it." "Are you sure?""Yeah, it's ok.""Are you sure?  Because you can have it if you want it."  Uggghhhhh.  I want to enjoy food, not play Goblet of Fire for the last bacon wrapped date.So why am I fan of this tapas restaurant even though I admit I abhor the dining style?  Well, when it's a sultry summer eve, crisp fall night, chilly winter evening, or fresh spring twilight...nothing is better than a glass of perfectly made sangria.  And THAT is why I love Firefly.  And when it's happy hour, a pitcher of that delicious sangria is only $14.  You can easily get about 8 glasses out of that pitcher.Sitting on the patio with my man or some good friends, having beautiful conversation, drinking perfect sangria, knowing I'm getting it for half price, and enjoying life...that is my definition of a perfect afternoon.  And I'll even let my husband have that last bacon wrapped date.
4	It was the FIL bday so to celebrate we went to Firefly.  It's good that he likes to try something different.  The atmosphere was very nice, the bar area looked great for friends who want to meet up, nosh and catch up.  Their menu was full of great options.  Here's what we ordered:-gazpacho-chicken salad-tortilla a la espanola-firefly fries-pulpo asado (grilled octopus)-paella-chocolate tres lechesThe food was really good, lots of flavor, and scrumptious.  Tapas can be hit or miss, but this place was definitely a hit.  Vegas is sure surprising me.
3	I love to try a multitude of things at one time, and tapas is the way to go for that food mood.  This was my first time going to Firefly after watching them on a rerun of that restaurant makeover show.  I was a bit hesitant, but it turns out that the service is decent.  The food, however, is okay but lacks finesse and pop that I expect when I pay $10 for two small sliders, for example.  I also bit down on a fish bone on my ahi tuna dish.  Ouchies.  I didn't tell the staff, but I do have a picture of the bone just in case anything happens to my gums in a few days.Any who, service was decent and the best part of the tapas experience there were the steak and mushroom skewers.  I don't dig paying that much for small plates, so I guess I don't fit into that "in" crowd.  I also didn't dig the black walls.  The whole color scheme screamed villain to me for some reason. Well, posh pals, I'll leave you to your tapas foo foo and stick to other ways to catch a bite.  Still, nice place, nice people, but nothing I will swoon for in the near or distant future.
5	Favorite date night restaurant ever!!!! It is amazing how much food you can order and still be under $100 even with a pitcher of sangria!!! Love love love!!!!
4	Amazing Tapas. Love this place. Great for big groups or 2 people.
5	This location is nowhere close to the ambiance and intimate atmosphere that makes Firefly special, but the food and sangria is exactly the same so 5 stars is all I can give. If you hate anything about Firefly that makes you a terrorist. DON'T BE A TERRORIST.For a serious review please see my original Firefly on Paradise review. I would post a link but we all know that takes effort.
5	One of my favorite places. The stuffed dates are amazing, as is almost everything I've had here. Loved the lamb skewers as well. And the Sangria!!!! Great service to boot!
5	Got seated in a flash! Our server Michael was super nice, everything came to our table hot from the kitchen. Food was perfect! Good job guys!
5	Thanks to the help of the yelpers Firefly became my choice for my wedding dinner/reception.  I heard from locals the food was great and a fair price.  I wanted my guest to feel as if we spared no expense in them. Tiffany understood my needs and helped shape my vision for the night.When I arrived earlier in the day to drop of decorations Andrea was sweet and very helpful. I left the decorating up to her and she made me very happy. All my guest commented on how festive and nice the decor looked. The private dinning room was perfect and left a romantic feel in the air.I am a foodie, so I will try anything once. I was a bit nervous that some friends and family may not like some of the dinner choices.  But to our surprise everyone was happy even the kids with the food.  I appreciated that they brought out a few mac and cheese for them and sorbet for my nieces that are lactose intolerant. Shane our server was all over it. He tended to the groom and I perfectly.  His assistant helped keep drinks filled and food coming out for our guest. We have some hefty eaters and even they came out stuffed.My thanks to Regina the manager who was very accomodating and nice dealing with some unexpected party crashers. LOL! A big hug of happiness and thanks to all the staff that made this evening perfect on our wedding day, Tiffany, Andrea, Regina, Shane, the cooks, and anyone else I may have forgotten.
5	Happy hour allows you to drink half priced, and the cocktail list and sangria is to die for. Every time my Hubs and I go, we try something new and never feel disapointed. Some of my favorites are:Watermelon skinny Sandia cocktail(no longer on the menu but will make for you)Octopus(pulpa asado)Thai beef saladStuffed datesFish sticksThe crowd is worth mentioning, as well as the bar staff. They give top notch service. Cheers!
5	Awesome food. Loved every bite!
5	Ah yes. The infamous FireFly. Excellent sparkling sangria. Awesome tapas. Dinner...AND a show! If there was a Housewives of Las Vegas, this would be their major hangout spot. Seriously.
4	I love Firefly. This is one of the few restaurants where I have a hard time ordering because I love so many things on the menu. The sangria is great. It's an absolute must. I love both the white and the red.When it comes to food, you pretty much can't go wrong, no matter what you order. And despite being tapas, the portions are actually pretty generous. Because there are so many options, I try to change up my order every time, but I always bully my friends into sharing an order of the fries (which are amazing). And if you somehow manage to save room for dessert, the banana nutella sandwiches are highly recommended. My only complaint is that it can be a little bit loud at times.
5	Totally delicious! Great date night spot or for a treat with friends. The food is really fresh, crisp and delicious, the ambiance id describe as sexy and modern and our waitress was lovely. We ordered the shrimp ceviche, which turned out to be my favorite, the Thai beef salad, the tuna tartar, and a couple other dishes. My glass of wine went perfectly, all in all a great experience. Will be back for sure.
5	I pledge to myself that every time I visit Vegas, I will drop by Firefly. Food is amazing, wine list is great, and sangrias are the best in town. Staff if knowledgeable of their menu, the process and ingredients...and friendly! You feel the local ambiance and you don't get stick with high prices...
5	Best dinner all weekend long!!! Great value!!! Next trip we skip the fancy shmancy dinners and head straight to Firefly!  Seven of us ordered three choices each, we all shared our food and with gratuity included it was less than a dinner for two at other Vegas dining destinations.  The only downside was that I only have one stomach!!!
4	I decided to try Firefly because there has been so much buzz about the place. So because everything is appetizer size I automatically thought I'd still be hungry so I ordered everything that I thought sounded good which ended up being about 8 plates. I had so much food I thought about "accidentally" knocking my plates into the floor so I could stop eating. The raspberry mojito I got was also to die for. The waiter did only come by once every 15 minutes, but none the less this experience was wonderful and I'll definitely be going back.
5	We recently had our wedding rehearsal dinner at Firefly.  We were seated in the private room in the back.  Everything about the dinner was fantastic.  The food was exquisite, the drinks were phenomenal (love the sangria), the service was outstanding (thanks Michael), and the setup was great.  We can't say enough nice things about this place.  Everyone kept commenting on how unique it was to have our rehearsal dinner there.  All the food was so delicious, but I particularly liked the chicken salad and my wife loved the ham and cheese croquettes.  But really, you can't go wrong with any of the food there.  Also, the coordinator Tiffany was very helpful and answered all the questions I had.  I really recommend this place if you're looking for a unique and fun venue for your wedding rehearsal dinner.
5	I do lots of research about restaurants before i hit Vegas. I'll gamble on anything there for the EXCEPTION of where i eat.  Bad meals sour vacations. Having been fortunate to have visited Vegas many times, Firefly is a restaurant that always popped up on list of Vegas favorites, especially by locals.  Never had chance to go, or didn't want to pony up the cab fare and would settle for something on strip.My wife and i treated a friend who is local  to a show and drinks, and told him we have to go to Firefly after the show for eats.. It was a great move, and a great meal to cap off a great day.Firefly is happening. Dark, nut not too dark.  Music at just the right volume.  A Younger crowd, but not too young and obnoxious.  Lot of service professionals frequent this place.  It was 11pm on a monday and they were busy.  Thats a testament to what they deliver on here: solid flavor,solid portions, @ great prices.We started with the bacon wrapped, almond n bleu cheese stuffed grilled dates(5pc).  This is the signature starter of every tapas place on Earth.  Its pretty dam good here.  Not as good as the ones at La Cave (Wynn) but real good.  The Salads we ordered (Garden Variety & Apple Manchego) were great. Fresh. Not small.  But a little overdressed.  Get them dry or ez dressing.The Firefly Fries are pricey($6) but 3-4 people can share them.  They were a wonderful accompaniment to the Filet Mignon Sliders that came with breaded onion straws.  While i doubt they are ground filet (perhaps could be utility grade), they were hearty, not tiny, and the breaded onions were great.The chorizo stuffed mushrooms were great, but the star of the show was the Lamb Chops.  Loin cut, cooked medium in a red wine reduction with lentils and julienne cut veggies.  They were tender and had great flavor.  Must have been 3/4' of an inch thick. 2 of them for $8.50. If you know cost of lamb like i do, then you know thats very reasonable.We passed on dessert. I had a glass of red wine sangria and it was great. Not too sweet.  Sangria @ Todd English's OLIVES= $14  The one i enjoyed at Firefly=$7.Firefly is worth the trip off the strip and is one of the city's best values with an upbeat atmoshere.  We'll be back.
5	Amazing love the food and the drinks. Works of  Advice the drinks are strong but good
5	I would suggest 10 orders of ham and cheese croquetas. Jessica is the best server on earth.
3	The menu intrigued us, but the food is only so-so.  The kitchen has a very heavy hand on sauces, drowning the food and most the flavor.For example, the Thai beef salad.  The beef tasted good.  But the lettuce was drowning in sauce.  On top of the beef salad, a heap of fried crunchy strips that you find on Chinese Chicken Salad.  Below, there's even more fried crunchy strips SOAKED is sauce.  We ordered this because they don't have many green vegetables on their tapas list."vegetables and lentils" =' carrots and celery.The boquerones that come with roasted red pepper and yellow pepper "vin" is also overpowering.  There's also dotted aioli on the plate.   You can't taste the fish which makes you wonder if the chef and staff hate boquerones as it's total disrespect for the ingredient.The chorizo clams is more like a chili with so much cumin and chili oil, it's diarrhea in a bowl.  I could totally see Anthony Bourdain doing a schtick about this dish on No Reservations.The roasted tomato basil soup was plain and comforting.  Especially in light of the heavy sauces overpowering the palate.Albondigas pretty tasty.But the service.  It ain't Picasso even though there's faux Picassos hanging.  And service doesn't even come close to the strip.  Unprofessional and uneven.  Bus boys work pretty hard, and ours was no exception.  Our waiter, however, was more interested in flirting with single women patrons and other staff.    We had to ask two people to get our waiter as he left us hanging with appetizers (3!) and no wine.  He still didn't come.  Uh hello, people want wine WITH their meal.  We even made that clear when we sat down.  We just needed a moment to go through the wine list. It's also obvious when there's all this SAUCE left over and separation of food from the sauce that something is wrong with the dishes.  The waiter chose to remain oblivious.  Happy Hour from 3-6.
3	I didn't really know what to expect going here, but was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was.  I had the apple and cheese salad which had a little kick to it thanks to some finely chopped cilantro.  Then I tried a mini fillet mingon which took a while to get to the table but was worth the wait.  I ordered it without mushrooms and the first one came swimming in them.  It was ten dollars and in my opinion a really good deal.  The mac and cheese was gooey goodness.  I ordered the dessert platter but wasn't impressed with anything because the cheesecake was too tart for me and the rest was just okay.  The only thing I didn't like was the service was a bit sketchy.  It started out great but over the course of the meal, but the waiter was few and far between after we were seated.  I couldn't even ask for sugar for my tea until halfway through the meal.  My party had to grab several people walking by to get service and it took at least thirty minutes to get our check.  I'm looking forward to trying out the other location because the food was very yum.
5	Great value, excellent and interesting food. See Wesley at the bar for a Hendricks and tonic and a shot of Jamo!
4	A ton more low key then the firefly on paradise, but the food is just as good, the drinks are just as good, and the prices as always are the best, its just a much more toned down crowed, so If you want the up beat aura then hit up paradise, but if you want to sit back, have some good food, and make fun of your friend for totally striking out with the hot hostess, then try this firefly
5	Firefly is the ultimate, "anytime" go-to spot. Awesome tapas & refreshing drinks! You can come before or after work, with a group of friends or even a date. You can have dinner or dessert here, and even get hammered if you'd like. I highly recommend this place for you sangria &/or mojito lovers! Paradise mojito is my favorite.. As well as their sliders! I like their skewers and macaroni tapas. The atmosphere is kind of on the business formal or semi-formal looks. So put on a summer dress or button-up & prepare for a pitcher of your choice!
5	This is my go to place and has yet to fail me. Everything is consistent. From the service, to the food, to the drinks, everything is on point. All their tapas choices are very good. I've tried a good chunk of the menu and I have yet to taste something I didn't like. My favorites are the filet mignon sliders, stuffed dates, and lobster escargo. You literally can't go wrong with anything on the menu. For drinks, they have some of the best sangria and mojitos in town. It can get crowded on the weekends, so be prepared to wait or come early!
4	I studied abroad in Spain so I was excited to try a tapas kitchen in town. Went with a decent sized group and ordered a good selection off the menu... Wasn't let down by any of the food. It was all really good. This will sound snobby and I can't do anything about it but, a lot of them weren't the traditional Spanish tapas or pintxos (Basque Country) we ate abroad, but still good. HOWEVER the ones that were traditional Spanish or Basque WERE AWESOME. I got completely nostalgic and felt like I was back there. If you can, try to go during happy hour (Monday-Sunday 3-6pm) otherwise you will leave with your wallet pretty worked out as they charge generally $5-8 per dish.
1	It would be hard to express more disappointment with this well hyped establishment.  From the service, to the ambience, to the food, just bad.  Granted the place was packed (for what reasons I couldn't tell you), we were seated relatively quickly on an outdoor enclosed patio under the outdoor heaters which made it about 80 plus degrees.  They weren't seemingly able to remedy this by turning them off or down.The drinks came well after our first tapas arrives, tapas which included flash fried padron peppers.  These peppers are supposed to be relatively mild with an occasional "hot" one.  Turns out, these were among the hottest peppers I've eaten and that is saying something after living 14 years in New Mexico.  After the third request for water, we were brought some about 25 minutes after we were seated with the first request being made with our drink order.  Basically, the peppers trashed our taste buds for the next  20 minutes.Other tapas included grilled squid which was barely recognizable under a mountain of chopped garlic, little potatoes and whatever else made it completely over seasoned.  Diablo shrimp pretty good but again in a pool of sauce accompanied by two soggy pieces of bread (billed as grilled bread), roasted beet salad, meh.  The eggplant cannelloni was OK also, but tasted as if the red sauce was siphoned off a can of spaghetti o's.Don't know what more I could say.  Not very many redeeming qualities. The wait staff was of course pleasant, but the service just plain sucked.Maybe this sort of restaurant is indicative of the Vegas strip mall and chain eating scene, but there really, really must be something better.
5	Came here while on a recent trip after hearing some rave reviews from friends. It was everything I hoped it would be!! My wife and I tried a few of their fresh fruit mojitos at the recommendation of the server and they were very tasty! All of the food we had was absolutely delicious!!!! My only problem was it that we had neither the time or the appetite to try everything. I will definitely be returning here!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas! Everything is good.  I recommend the Blood Orange mojitos!
5	We went to Firefly on Sahara tonight. It was so amazing!  The service was great. George was our server. All the food was fresh and delicious, and the plates were large enough for 4 people to share each one. We sat outside in  seats in front of the fireplace...it was perfect. We go out to dinner and every Friday night to a different place and we will be going back there next Friday.
4	We have dined at this Firefly location a number of times and I finally decided to submit a review. On this visit there were 3 of us and we shared a number of hot and cold items. There are several choices of seating. Bar area, dining room and outdoor patio.  The patio has a fireplace and gas heaters. Service was friendly and the food service was timely. The dishes were delivered at different intervals as to the various cooking times. We shared the following: Tuna Tartare, Padron Peppers, Firefly Fries, Chorizo Clams, Albondigas (Meatballs) Steak and Mushroom Skewers and Babyback Ribs. All of the dishes were delicious and perfectly cooked. The Babyback Ribs were served in a Mango BBQ Sauce as noted on the menu. However, the sauce had a tangy bite. We were told the sauce also contained Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce. You may want to verify this before ordering. Since I enjoy heat it was fine for my taste. The food goes great with a pitcher of White Sangria. Cheers!
5	Excellent food and very fun to eat! A little pricey, but they have a good happy hour - all drinks half off, including pitchers! We have been here several times and never had a bad dish. You have to try the stuffed dates. They are small, so get something bigger to go with - but they are totally worth it. You will probably wind up ordering another round.
5	Go hungry! Everything we tried was amazing. Especially the sangria, stuffed peppers and bacon wrapped dates!
5	Fresh, great tasting food and amazing service. Speciality cocktail was great as well. Could not be more impressed. Food came out fast and did not taste like it was sitting there... Very fresh
5	Bacon wrapped dates yummmm!
5	My boyfriend and I came here after reading very good reviews about the place. We got fooled by the walking distance in getting to the restaurant from our hotel but thank goodness we persevered because I can't imagine missing this restaurant after our experience. We were seated immediately because we chose their outside seating area. There was a 25 min. wait to be seated inside the restaurant. Yes, it is very popular and we saw why. The outside seating was fine because the heating lamps were adequate and kept us warm. It also had a very fun and vibrant atmosphere with some string lights hanging outside and the music they played was great. We were greeted immediately by our very friendly waiter Jesus who recommended so many good non expensive dishes. We really liked that. I read that their sangria is excellent and Jesus told us it is the best. I couldn't agree more. It was very close to the sangria I've had in Madrid. It was so delicious and the alcohol was not weak. We ordered the stuffed dates, crispy duck, sweet and spicy shrimps, artichoke on toasted bread and sirloin skewers with shrimp and chorizo. They were all divine. The service is just absolutely great. Our waiter was very attentive and always checking up on us and a guy named Jaime kept pouring our pitcher of sangria in our glasses. Every staff member we met was friendly and smiled at us. The price is also very reasonable. The bathroom was very clean which is very imporatnt to me. What a gem! I'll definitely come back here.
5	Get the dates!! The best tapa ever!Don't get the scallops, they are probably frozen first and were really gross/fishy. I was afraid they were going to make my husband sick so he just put them to the side. I have been going to Firefly for ten years and it has remained an awesome hang out. This is a Vegas must! Just watch out for those scallops!
4	Overall, excellent food with mediocre service.  We had the following tapas:Tuna tartareStuffed datesCamarones a la diablaChicken & chorizo stuffed mushroomsCrispy duck rollSerrano slidersPetite filet  All the tapas were excellent, with the exception of the stuffed mushrooms, which were a bit dry.  The food was fresh and tasty, especially the filet which was outstanding.  Prices were not outlandish and we got away under $90 for three people.  The only issue we had was the sporadic service.  The waiter arrived promptly to take our order, but then was gone for long periods.  Initially the busboys also ignored the table.  There were only 6 customers in the entire place (Saturday lunch), and 8 servers were in the upper level watching TV and talking at a table while we waited for drink refills.  The busboys did step it up near the end, but the waiter was almost invisible.  I had to have a busboy seek him out for the check after waiting 15-20 minutes.  The service brought the rating down, but we will be back.
5	Tapas - glorious tapas.We went on our last trip to Julian Serrano...and we must say - Firefly is world class; Julian Serrano's is run by chefs hoping to become Denny's salad cooks.And the price is half the cost of going to Julian's (note: We pigged out so you could actually save a lot more if you were not as piggy as us.).  The decor is stellar - rich hues; red lights; beautiful.  While Julian Serrano is right off the casino floor - none of the richness of some of the restaurants you so want in las Vegas.  Firefly delivers.So if you want tapas and wonderful sangria wine to go with it, do not stop but head immediately to Fireflys.Our party was a party of 3 and of course we started with their wonderful dates - just right.  Fantastic.  We continued with their lentil and vegetables (and so good). We continued with their meatballs, steak and mushroom skewers, ahi stuffed pepppers, and empanadas. All pure food magic - great taste; and so much more.  We had a very good banana desert.The person we brought was not sure when we wanted to go to Firefly's.   He had read some down reviews about the place and said - what the heck - at least we get to talk.  And we did in our nice booth in the back.    However, his comment at the end was - This was truly the best; it is a memorable meal; it is fantastic.  And the reviews I read - they must not have eaten here.  Locals love this place as well as visitors.   Its closer to Red Rock Casino than the strip but if you have a car its worth the short drive.  All in all - a big thank you to the cooks, the wait staff; and everyone at this fantastic restaurant.
4	We love tapas and have tried a number of tapas restaurants in Vegas.  This was our favourite - atmosphere is inviting and the food was outstanding!  We had the eggplant canneloni, chicken and chorizo stuffed mushrooms, pork empanadas, duck roll, mussels,  lamb skewers and the sliders.  All of it was excellent and very fresh.Go at happy hour (3-6 pm), and all the drinks are half price.The only downer - The busboys and servers were friendly, but our waitress seemed like she had better things to do.  She did her job, took our order and no further.
1	Never again will I step foot into this place! I have never been treated so horribly as I did last night while dining at this restaurant. With the temperature here in Vegas being 30 degrees, they decided to sit my family and I on the "patio" with space heaters. When asked if we could have a different table that is in a warmer place we were taken to a table that was NEXT to a space heater. In top of that, the waitress acted like it was a bother and didn't even offer us a table inside or give us the option to wait for one. After sitting outside I ordered a coffee to try to keep me warm and never even received it! Later after calling the manager named James I was told that when it gets busy the indoor tables are reserved for people who spend a lot of money there! How dare them assume what we were going to spend there! I intend to draw a lot of attention to this matter contacting news stations and seeking out higher levels of management!
5	It's true - this tapas place is glorious.  World class is an understatement.  Price very reasonable.  A must.  We even took a taxi to get her.  Every dish was a delight.  Place was packed for dinner.  Service was phenomenal too - this is a must go to place!
4	Lovely and inventive tapas. We shared tender octopus, roasted potatoes, skewers with shrimp, sausage and filet and amazing shrimp and mangos with soy ginger sauce.The sausage was absolutely amazing. Everything was perfectly spiced and prepared. The space is an awkward set up and on a cold evening, the wind came through and it was bone chilling.
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant. i used to go to here like 3 times a week. I love me some tapas since i always like to try a little bit of everything on the table. The food is great anytime, day or night. The happy hour is great, half off all pitchers! Their red wine sangria and their mango mojitos are delicious! Ooo their Firefly Fries!...I could clear off the entire dish. I think I have tried almost everything off the menu, but i cant decide which dish is like the most. I suggest trying as much as you can off the menu. Everything is delicious!The ambiance at night is so "romantical." It does get busy at night, especially all day on the weekends. Unfortunately, they don't take reservations on Fridays and Saturdays! Other than that, must go!
3	They serve tapas here, which are like small appetizer sized plates. They're a little pricey for what you get portion-wise and the food is ok... Service is usually decent, but they do get really really busy on Friday and Saturday nights so get there early to avoid waiting too long
3	Food and service not the same as the Paradise location. Overall it is still a good place to lounge and have great sangria.
2	Keeping this short and sweet because I'm not a fan of tapas. Selection here was great. Food was inventive and nicely displayed upon arrival. For the most part, service was quick on our initial order, but then very slow on our order additions. We had to remind them multiple times about orders already placed. I didn't really like the type of people this place attracted either, but you'll be fine if you live in Las Vegas but wished you lived in Los Angeles. That is not at the fault of the restaurant, but still a factor in my dining experience. I didn't think the final bill reflective the quality or amount of food we received, but then again, I don't get tapas.Also, we found a giant hair in one of our dishes. I understand no one is going to die from a hair, but at the price you're paying for a tiny dish, I except a little more attentiveness to cleanliness.
5	noisy atmosphere but very tasty. A must try for the snack eater.
3	Ok let's get one thing straight when it comes to dining you look for 3 main things to make your experience pleasurable- 1) service, 2) food, and 3) atmosphere! Sometimes one may totally overshadow the other so that nothing can really help it. That is what happened when I visited here to celebrate my friends birthday. Walking into this place it was dark but lively. The hostess were friendly and sat me right away. Be warned Saturday night was busy and they don't take reservations so FCFS. Well Jorge came by and got me started on the Watermelon Mojito (eh, not bad). We ordered the Petit Filet, Duck Roll, Ahi Tartare, Ceviche, and the mixed Paella. Believe me for two people this was way too much but it was necessary. All the tapas we ordered were delicious. The seafood was fresh, hot plates were hot. My favorite had to be the Filet Mignon as it was tender and juicy plus I loved the sides it came with-spinach and potatoes. Everything came out quick too, except the Paella but that takes awhile. While we were eating our tapas the hostess approached us bc she needed our table for a big party. Like who does that!? We were a little taken aback but we said ok. When our server came back to move us I asked if they normally do this and he said they have a few times? What? I've worked in restaurants for over 10 yrs and we have never done that. So we move and we are at a loss for words. We had a momentum of gabbing and it was lost not to mention ppl watching us move. Anyways the manager on duty, I think his name was Carlos, came by to apologize and took care of us but still it was awkward. The Paella finally came and it was enormous! It could feed six ppl. It was very tasty.  We also had the white and red sangria, both were good but I preferred the white. It was like alcoholic apple juice. For dessert we had the tarts which were the size of dollar coins but just enough for us since we were stuffed from dinner. So food was on point. Atmosphere was loud and dim, next time we'll eat in the bar. And Jorge was nice, knowledgable and attentive. But that game of musical chairs while we were eating was no bueno!
3	I've got three words for you: Sangria, Sangria, Sangria. If for nothing else, Firefly is worth it just for this. I like tapas style, allowing you to try many different dishes, and Firefly has a good selection to choose from. I try to stay away from bread/pasta as much as possible and there are still plenty of options. And any of their locations are good. Why a 3-star you ask? It's a good consistent place, but food quality lacks for me to be able to give it a higher rating. I usually keep my higher ratings for grass-fed beef, free range chicken, organic option places. For lunch I get the chicken salad tapa, which is plenty for me. For dinner, it's a great place to go with friends. My top favs that I always gravitate to are: the Firefly fries (addicting), stuffed dates (very addicting), chicken skewers and petit filet. Drink Menu: White or Red Sangria, can't go wrong! Goes down like kool-aid. Not a fan of Sangria? They also have an excellent Pomegranate Martini.
4	I've been meaning to try this place for the loooongest time and finally got the chance to this past Valentine's Day! We had no reservation so we had to wait. How long? An hour and a half, according to the hostess. However, tables cleared out faster than expected and the congestion of people in the waiting area magically disappeared. The menu was simple and the prices were not too outrageous for me since I prefer eating many smaller meals throughout the day instead of stuffing myself full. The atmosphere was chatty and a bit upscale but not too noisy or pretentious in any way. The waiters all looked sharp and young, which probably helped. However, one gripe of mine is that our waiter was not so attentive at the right times and overly attentive at the wrong times. We tried 8 different tapas, my favorites being the lamb skewers, the eggplant, the shrimp ceviche and the chorizo clam. Everything else was pretty tasty as well. The fries were missing something though, and looked better than it tasted (even with the yummy aioli). Maybe I'm just used to stronger-seasoned fries.Overall a good place to go for a night out with friends or a date.
3	Of all my times at Firefly, my only thought is "hit or miss." It seems to always be a trade-off between good service, or good food.Friday and Saturday nights - good (not great) food, ambiance, and lots of [great] sangria. But you won't see your servers much. Any other time, it's a little less crowded, you'll see your servers plenty, and the food is for some reason a little more mediocre.Anyway, if you're looking for new things to try, I'd say go for the Thai beef salad (if they still have it), any of their beef skewers in general. Their fries aren't too bad, either. I would avoid the ahi skewers and the scallops. They were both rather tasteless and clearly frozen prior.In general, Firefly is definitely somewhere you go to enjoy the ambiance and some sangria. If you're hungry, you're going to fill up on expensive and mediocre items. Consider that your PSA.
4	Delicious tapas! I always order the same things like the apple & manchego salad, empinadas, & bacon wrapped dates! We are becoming regular tapas eaters and love what comes from the Firefly kitchen. Can't wait to go back.
4	This is a great spot. Friends of mine took me here while I was in town visiting, and I was impressed with the ambiance and large menu.I ordered the sparkling white wine sangria, and it was so delicious! My favorites that we ordered were the apple & manchego salad, bacon wrapped dates and ahi tuna tar tar. Can't wait to come back to this spot every time I'm in Vegas.
3	I'm torn. I loved this place the first few times eating here, so my wife and I decided to come here for a private event (our rehearsal dinner). The food was good, as always, however the service left something to be desired. We were told that, with the package we chose, we could have 6 different tapas and they would be served family style and  be all-you-can-eat. Well, there's a catch. Not only were they served on the usual small plates (not very family style-ish), but you can only order more food once all the courses come out. So after waiting (at least 10 minutes between each course), we were finally able to order more. By that time, though, no one felt like waiting any longer. The servers, though hard working and somewhat nice, seemed to be blind as to making sure drinks were adequately filled. Most people had to ask (in some cases, several times) to be served a drink.I like this place. I love the food. There just seemed to be a little bit of a breakdown the night we were there. I'll be back, but won't be booking any more private events there.Another tip: This is, in my opinion, the best tapas place in town...including the ones found on the strip. And DEFINITELY the best value.
5	I was so excited to see that Firefly added a restaurant closer to my house! This is my favorite place in Las Vegas to go out to dinner too. I love that it isn't a chain and is one of a kind. Even though their sangria is very popular the mojito is where its at. My favorite mojito is mango although their passion fruit and blueberry are in close second and third. I love that all of their plates are small portions. I love going with a group of friends or family and choosing many plates. That way you can sample much of their menu without getting too full. My favorite chilled tapa on the menu has to be the apple manchango salad. If you haven't tried it yet it is a must! Their petite filet is also a must try! If you are vacationing in Vegas or just a local this is a restaurant you will have to try! I have been to the one on Paradise as well and is just as great! I really want to visit the one in Henderson as well because I heard the view there is amazing!
4	This is one of my favorite places to go when I'm in vegas. Its perfect for a girls night out or a nice date. I was weary about coming here at first because someone told me it was mainly shell fish in their food, and I'm allergic, but they were wrong.I've been here quite a few times, and my favorites are the mac n' cheese, bacon wrapped dates, the duck with plum sauce, the kobe sliders, and the fried bacon cheese balls. The sangria is to die for, especially the champagne sangria... Yum.It can get a bit crowded, but other than that the ambiance is pretty near perfect.
4	Came here for the first time for a friends bday. I had heard soooooooo much about this place from pretty much every one I know so I was pretty excited. The place overall is very busy, noisy, and dark. All the servers and waiters were very courteous and never forgot one of our orders. Excellent. All the tapas that we ordered were pretty much delicious so I won't bore you with the details of what to order however I did notice that most of the tapas were on the salty side especially the firefly fries and the sliders. Granted they tasted delicious, just wished they cut down on the salt a teeny tiny bit. Ordered 2 mojitos which were also good. Just the right about of alcohol for me. I would definitely come back here for more girls night outs.
2	I've been to every firefly location in town. This particular location in the summerlin area I've been to a couple of times and the service really wasn't all that great. I do love everything I've tried on the menu which is a good handful of items. I cannot say anything bad about the food on a positive note. Personal favorites are the firefly fries - crispy and served with shredded Parmesan cheeses and really good dipping sauce, delicate little bacon-wrapped dates, spicy beef salad, calamari, tomato soup, sliders, chicken skewers, empanadas, and a few others. At every location the food is similarly presented every time and is absolutely delicious. The prices are a little high for tapas, but a few options shared will still leave everyone with a full and happy belly. The one thing you always have to get when you come with a group of friends is a pitcher of sangria or the passion fruit mojitos. So yummy! The service at this particular location however is another story. It has never really been outstanding. First of all, the hostesses were not pleasant and did not really appear like they wanted to be working there. Our waiter was hardly that friendly and did not return once to our table to check up on us and see how we were doing when we had dined there for about two hours. The busser was not very nice either. She came a few times to see if we were done with our plates when I was clearly still eating and when I told her that she seemed really annoyed. We asked for another serving of bread to go with our cheese fondue dish and she forgot about that. Since our waiter never came back once I had to track him down in order for us to get a chance to order some of the Nutella crepe dessert that they have. I think waitstaff is pretty important. They make a big part of the dining experience and contribute to the ambiance of the place. I am not trying to bag on this restaurant at all because I know I'll be back for the food, but I sure hope I'll get waited by people who know what impeccable customer service is like next time.
4	I would drink of their blood orange mojitos every day if I could.  This is a favorite happy hour spot.  The tapas are good and the drinks are delicious.  Very good array of tapas and this location has a fun, hip atmosphere.The drinks are moderately priced and the service is usually pretty fast.
5	My first birthday in Vegas since I went to college and turned the legal age of 21 and I'm clueless on how to celebrate. Zero. Zip. Nada. My friend in L.A. randomly chose and hell, why not try something new?It made my birthday even better.Whether they're hot or cold, their tapas are graciously portioned and reasonably priced. The Firefly fries are such a tongue twister to say, but simply delicious and full of crispy, parmesan-covered potato goodness. I'm also a fan of the mushroom tart, mac and cheese, and the bread. Oh, the bread with its honey chipotle butter or whatever that is. Just keep it coming!Their watermelon mojito was just balanced and refreshing. I didn't quite like the pomegranate drink with the lillet blanc, and it's precisely because of the aperitif wine that was mixed in. Just haven't acquired a taste for wine yet, so don't let my opinion sway you against ordering it.For a Friday night, the place was packed, but the service was excellent and the dishes came out in a timely manner. They're definitely on top of their game. Parking can definitely be an issue, so try and carpool if possible. No reservations on Fridays and Saturdays, but hey, more reason to come early for their happy hour right?Now that I've got a new go-to place, I absolutely would love to try out more of their menu and grab a drink with coworkers or spend a night out with the girls.
2	I cannot recall the name of the dish I ordered but its a steak dish with potatoes and Marsala sauce. Anyhow, completely different from the one at their Paradise location. Same menu, prepared completely different. Service:Very slow and waitress was not very nice. She snapped at me when I told her dish was prepared completely different from Paradise location. She said it wasn't possible because they use same recipe. She didn't ask if I wanted anything else, instead I brushed it off and ate it anyway. Later, she comes back and apologized after confirming with Paradise location they do in fact prepare differently. Again, she did not offer to bring something else. Conclusion: Sangria is awesome. I love this place, just not this location. To wrap up my story with cherry on top; we come to find out later the the restaurant gave themselves a $20 tip! Of course we disputed this charge and recovered the money but will probably never go back to this location.
5	Fantastic and fun... tapas and atmosphere!  As a party of 5 we got to try a plethora of items, along with a pitcher of red wine sangria with bits of apple and pear (half price during happy hour)! The most authentic tapas  I've had since Barcelona... and that's saying mucho gusto. The Serrano ham was paper thin, soft and delicious, on toast with sun-dried tomato and manchego cheese. Don't miss a plate of the Padron peppers... roasted and doused in olive oil and sea salt. My favorite was the shrimp diablo... grilled and hot in a delectable sauce that was just the right burn. Stuffed chicken and chorizo mushrooms were awesome as well as the phyllo topped sauteed mushrooms in a lite cream sauce, The empenada actually seemed mundane after the myriad of flavors the other dishes had! Wait staff was efficient... serving the  plates taking and taking away the finished ones at an appropriate pace. Tried the dessert platter to top it all off and it was just enough... 2 bites of tres leches chocolate cake, mini cheesecakes, ice cream and a pirouette cookie.Perfect! Bill came in at about $30 per person for a feast.
4	Everytime i go to Vegas, this is one of my favorite stop.  I absolutely love the food and the service.  I'm not too excited about the waiting, but it's worth the wait.  Best time to go is probably at noon or early evening because anytime later, you will waiting in line. This is not on the strip so do not attempt to walk there.  I wish I had a private chef in my kitchen that can cook like this.  The portions are not too small and each plate have their own special flavor.  If you don't like something, try it anyways, because they would change your mind. For example, I'm not a fan of dates, but the way they make it, I finished the entire thing.  As I'm writing this review, I'm actually thinking about taking another trip!
5	Really fun place to eat.  I love the tapas menu, the small servings allow you to sample several different items.  One of my favorite restaurants.
2	The food is very tasty but the service is very lacking.  The servers are very friendly but not attentive at all.  The last three visits we were never asked if we wanted a second drink or more tapas.  It hasn't mattered where we sit, the service has been very poor.
3	This place isn't bad but it isn't the best. I must admit that I must get my artichoke toast, bacon wrapped dates, and albondigas fixing every couple of months. The atmosphere is cool for an after work hang out. It's not too much of a bar but not too snobby.
4	The ambiance of this location is what you'd expect of Summerlin. It's a cool, hip and more trendy vibe. Service is on and portions seem a bit bigger.We came here a couple months back with a large crowd. We ordered the sangria pitcher which was very potent but very good. We love the complimentary toast with honey almond butter & green olives which were set down immediately after we were seated. Ordered our favorites like bacon wrapped stuffed dates (get a few of these because they go fast), artichoke toast (love the creamy garlic sauce and grilled artichoke), manchego mac & cheese (comfort food) big bowl of pasta (which is like angel hair pomodoro with vegetables), tuna tartare & taro chips (perfectly fresh & good portion), albondigas (a little dry), the empanadas (were ok).For what seemed like a lot of food & multiple orders, plus sangrias & other alcohol, we were very surprised with the reasonable bill. Fireflies is definitely our goto spot for tapas.
3	been to the original numerous times and i was excited to try this westside addition.  overall the food is good but it lacks the atmosphere of the paradise location.  it looks exactly like it did when it was z tejas.  started with the serrano ham and monchego cheese tray.  the ham was buttery and the cheese had a nice sharpness that paired well with the meat.  overall an excellent start.  we also had the suffed peppers.  they were also very good.  we then ordered calamari and croquettes (neither were my choice).  the calamari was ok but too heavily breaded and the dipping sauce was way too strong.  i didn't care for the croquettes at all.  they were mostly cheese.  in fact, i tried to dig into one and find some ham but i couldn't.  the croquettes at cuba cafe are much much better.  service was attentive but not overbearing.
5	Delectable and nicely priced tapas-- CheckSexy atmosphere- CheckAmazing Happy Hour Drinks- CheckYummy Wines- CheckCreamy-almondy-savory butter, olives,  and homemade bread- CheckOrgasmic stuffed peppers- CheckYummy house made Sangria- White or Red- CheckBacon wrapped dates- CheckI am in love with everything about this place. When I am back in Vegas I will be back. During my last visit, we went two times in one weekend!
5	Perhaps the best dining experience in the past ten years! Nothing less than top-notch food, and the service was prompt and polite. Kudos to the professional staff, from the manager Carlos to our table expert, Jorge. Value for money, my friends! Do yourself a favor: get over here, and know what being treated well tastes and feels like.
2	Terrible service from the two hosts at the front desk. They let FOUR other two-person pairs get a table before we did, and we arrived FIRST. It got frustrating to the point where I decided to directly confront the Host staff, and refused to step out of the way (i'm intentionally making them uncomfortable) until she made it certain that we are getting our table NEXT. Insanely expensive tapas for portions the size of little niblets. At least Sammy's Woodfired has tapas that are considerably larger, two of which can add up to a meal. But between me and my brother, we needed around 8 or so shared between us to get full. With a humungous freaking bill totalling over $70 before tips. At least our actual server for our table is fairly fast on his feet and competent. Both of us tipped him while specifically telling him not to pool his share to the Hosts. Oh, and this is not the same location as the 2nd one on Paradise, which is all the hoopla about the food poisoning outbreaks and restaurant closure by the health department (read the Review Journal). And as far as I can tell, me and my brother never got sick from our one and only time coming here. Watch out for the drivers in this side of town in the establishment's parking lot. The locals don't care if they hit your car or run over your infant toddler, since they got plenty of dough to hire their lawyer and fix up their Mercedes while suing you all the way to a homeless shelter. In fact, I would say that as a poor person, I wouldn't ever want to be taking my own car to Summerlin and definitely not a place as trendy as Firefly. The locals on this side of town make running over "peons" like a GTA video game.
5	These chain of restaurants have the best service that you can get in Vegas, it is genuine and warm. I've worked for the industry in Vegas for almost 3 years and it is so refreshing to find servers and service of these quality. Going to firefly, we are helping our local community by investing more in our local business. It is a versatile place to dine out, either for a date, friends, or even family reunion. I am latina and firefly is THE only place in vegas that offers a tasteful place to enjoy latin american culture. I hate to hear people bad-mouthing these great restaurants, but plz keep in my these are ignorant people. Before any out there start pointing fingers, check your own kitchen and how you prepare you on own food, there are more chances that you will get food poison in your own kitchen, than in Firefly. Media is just taking advantange that Firefly is a place loved by locals and they are just making money out bad publicity. I can speak for my friends n myself that i will go back to firefly as much as I always do ( which is twice a week, every week) no matter what. Thanks again and please support our local business
5	The food and the ambience is always good.  I have had both the red and white sangria and I can say, they are both so good I can not choose a favorite.  All the tapas are delicious but my favorites are the stuffed dates, the eggplant, and the calamari.  Tuesday evenings after 10pm, the restaurant has a DJ playing great Salsa music and makes part of the restaurant into a dance floor.  A very enjoyable time.
3	The tapas were excellent.  I highly recommend the dates with bacon and the shrimp.  The thing I was most excited about was the paella, but when it came it had been cooked with too much water.  As a result the rice was soggy and it just wasn't good.
5	I feel the need to not only give a bomb-ass review to Firefly but to stand up for them despite what happened at one of their locations within the last few weeks.  First of all, let's all be sure to understand - when you go out to eat, you are choosing to put yourself at risk to any number of things that could happen.  You could slip and fall walking into a restaurant or yes, you could eat food that won't sit well with you.  Neither event is ideal to you and certainly not ideal to the owner/staff of the establishment.  People get into the restaurant business mostly because they want to host and give everyone a great experience.  They never anticipate the unfortunate event that the science of food and cosmic forces at work will cause anyone to get sick.  So, let's not continue to punish them because I'm sure they feel bad enough.Again, being new to the Vegas scene, there are sooo many places that I have yet to try.  One of the fellow foodie girls that I work with had been insisting that I needed to try Firefly so we took advantage of the only night we were both free! Again, I have to say - I LOVE WHERE I LIVE! Firefly is a 10 minute or less drive down the street from me that requires all of 2 turns to get to.  The decor and set-up is pretty standard but with the kind of food they are serving - they don't need to worry 'bout it! We shared a pitcher of the red sangria that was BOMB.  I'm pretty sure I consumed most of it but she was busy talking so I don't think she noticed.  As far as food, we tried SO MUCH! I'm so glad I saved the receipt to know exactly what I had so I can be sure to try more next time: tuna tartare, terra y mare, camarones diabla, petite filet, dates, camarones ajillo and the banana nutella dessert.  The bonus of this place is that everything (with the exception of the dessert) was Paleo-friendly! I mean seriously, meat on sticks with sauces?! You've got this girl's heart.  And I'm sorry, don't put nutella on the menu unless you want to see me dominate a plate - because that's exactly what happened.  We rounded out the night with a shot of Don Julio and their Ginger-Pear cocktail and I'm already excited to go back!
5	Excuse that i can't make any specific recommendations. We just closed our eyes and pointed at the menu. Everything we got was FANTASTIC.The sangria wasn't too expensive (I think $15 for a pitcher?). After a quick dousing of that my friend and I were both feeling pretty good.The waitress who helped was very cute, Eastern European I think. She was super-friendly and chatty, but we had to let her go to help other people. Service was prompt and the food came pretty fast for the entire evening.The place was really loud, but at one point I made a comment to my friend about the food that the couple adjacent to us were eating. the gentleman at the other table willingly offered me his plate because he was full. Not really a +1 for the restaurant itself, but I suppose it's one for the crowd.Overall, we ended up spending about $70 and left with full stomachs while feeling pretty wavy as well. Having arrived here from New York about 3 weeks ago, it's doubtful I could replicate this experience at that price where I'm from, but I find myself saying that a lot out here.
5	Delicious! Love this place. It isn't really kid friendly. Ill go back over and over. Loved everything I've had and would love to go now.
5	Mouth-watering experience for sure! We went for happy hour which made the experience even better! For starters... the house mojitos with pineapple were spectacular. Gotta a pitcher and enjoyed every sip :} Must try the bacon wrapped dates... Ok.. we both were in heaven with each bite, left us wanting more :] Then we tried the diablo shrimp which was super fantastic!  Get extra sliced warm bread for dipping... it is sooo worth it. Let's just say we ate to our palates delight! Our waiter was great, met the manager and he too was super nice. Really like this place and it is worth going! Don't forget dessert... bread pudding... was unbelievable!  A must try!
3	A friend of mine wanted to meet up at the Sahara location and had to doublecheck she didn't mean the one that shutdown on Paradise.  I love tapas and I love Firefly but I don't want to sign up for food poisoning.We ordered the bacon wrapped dates, fries, scallops escargot, empanada and baked tetilla.  I had 1 sangria and 2 sparkling white sangrias.  As always, food and drinks were amazing.  And I didn't get sick afterwards!However, out of all the Firefly locations in the Vegas area, this one has the worst service.  Our glasses would be left dry for a long time.  Nobody was there to check on us or make sure we have enough to drink.The one in Anthem is much busier than this location yet the service there was sooo much better.
5	I love Firefly! Ive been to the other two locations but this one is my favorite. Its closer, less crowed, and I like the way this one is set up. Right when you walk in you see the bar and the large beautiful fireplace. They also have a really cute patio for when the weather is good. Ive never had to wait longer than 10 minutes here and the time that I did have to wait they gave me a free glass of sangria while I was waiting! First of all I love the drinks! Ive tried some of the mojitos but mango is my favorite, its so delicious that if I know Ill be there for a while I get a pitcher. Their red wine sangria is phenomenal. I always think of Firefly first when I want sangria. They do have a happy hour for the drinks I believe after 6PM the pitchers are half off. Make sure you at least try one of their mojitos or sangrias. Okay now on the the food! Every time I come I try to get something I haven't had before but its so hard because I have so many favorites! If you've never had tapas before the way it works is you order a bunch of things (they are all small plates) so you can try a variety of food. Everyone at the table shares, its family style dining :] I personally love this kind of dining because you can try some many different dishes and everyone else can try them too! My favorites items on the menu would have to be: Apple and Manchego salad: Apples and cheese are cut julienne style, so crisp and flavorful! They also sprinkle nuts on the top, delicious! I always get this first whenever I come to Firefly. Steak and Mushroom skewers: THE STEAK... mmmm so tender and juicy! I cant get enough! OH and the mushrooms so amazing and they complement the steak beautifully. I absolutely love the sauce the pour over them, ahhhh these are a must get! Stuffed dates: WOW small little things but packed with flavor! These cute little dates are wrapped in bacon, yes bacon and stuffed with blue cheese mmmmm. Get these, that's all I have to say. Shrimp Civiche: Wonderful, so fresh and with large chunks of avocado. The chips that come with it are very good too. Baked titilla: Not sure if I spelled that right, but this dish has manchego cheese in fondue form with chorizo and tomato. Very good if you're a fan of Manchego cheese. It also comes with crispy bread to put the cheese on. Tuna taretare: mmmm very tasty tuna! Comes with taro chips! Those are just some of my favorites, everything on the tapas menu I've gotten I've loved! Ive also tried the chicken and mushroom piallea, very good, very large! If you want to order this make sure a few other people with help you eat it. I was with 2 other people and we barely made a dent. It also takes around 30 minutes so make sure you order it right away or have time to spare. Oh yeah and the desserts! I think I've had almost of them, banana-nutella sand-witches: decadent and oh so yummy! The tarts are really good, and you can go wrong with bread pudding! That is if you even have room for dessert, I usually don't because I get so much food...  If you've been wanting to try tapas come to firefly!
5	Like the mistress you brag about to your buddies... But have to keep secret to some you know, because you know if the secret gets out to everyone, your whole life will change... I have eaten there four times lately, and even with the rabble-rousing reports of another store in their chain~ They are a treasure I could enjoy daily!  Figuring out the menu, enjoying the service, compiling a mounting list of "Must-have" stand-by's that I wouldn't want to live without~ To the list that many great minds have sited:Dates stuffed with an almond, wrapped in bacon, wrapped in bacon and resting in red-wine reduction, sprinkled with Bleu crumbles~ Do the math! (Or the Chemistry!)Fillet with mushroom on a skewer, covered in a veg-mix that I don't want to describe~ You tell me~Ham and cheese croquettes~ crunchy, smokey, Cheesy! A fantastic compliment to everything aforementioned~Best staff in Vegas at the bar, but a big busy floor~ I get that a bit, but I'm always happy leaving, regardless of what I spend~Value is always excellent!Updates will have to happen~
4	Do get the bacon wrapped dates, as well as the braised ribs. Oh, and the lamb chops are pretty righteous too. I really wanted to try the paella as well, but the wait is pretty ridic (like 40 minutes). #lame
5	firefly westside has good food, drinks, atmosphere, ambiance and staff! i would recommended it to anyone! there are so many different options of food there, and yummy drinks! also, latin nights on tuesdays is fun and energetic.
3	OK so I have mixed feelings about this place. I looked in the Summerlin business guidebook for a place that was late night and not fast food. Firefly looked very appealing. The ad and menu in the back of the book both stated they were open until 11. We arrived at 9:25, the hostess said they were about to close but if we "hurried and ordered" we could make it. Being super hungry we decided to stay and hurry our order. There was so much to choose from that it was a shame we had to pick the first thing that caught our eye. We were excited to try many plates but couldn't because we were rushed. The Dates were great as was the steak. When the food came out we asked if we could order dessert right then they said we just made the cut off time. We ordered the dessert sample platter, it was obviously pre made/plated. The dessert quality wasn't as good as the food. Plus, we were sitting at the bar and both had empty drinks and had to ask 2 times for more beer and water.  Another table had to walk up to the bar and ask for more wine, the bartender just handed the customer the entire bottle without even corking it. I could hear employees in the back talking about how its pointless to close at 10 when they allow people to stay until 11. When one of them came out I told him that the advertisement said 11. He expressed to me that some ads say 10 and some say 11. No big deal but we just felt like we were being rushed, There were so many great choices on the menu that we were looking forward to having the full Tapas experience. Great ambiance, we will try it again but this time will make sure we are there at a decent hour.
5	Just call me the Firefly barfly! Love this place. Been to three locations now (one closed and reopened a few metres away)Simply put: Best tuna tartare ever!Refreshing gazpacho and a delightful selection of tapas.They have a nice happy hour that is 1/2 off cocktails in the bar area.I could go on and on, but I have already! (Read my previous reviews)It's the fun and tasty Firefly and its just on the Westside!
4	One of the best.
1	Below average food and below average service.  The easiest way for you to see what I mean is just look at the pictures post in the reviews.  Below average food plated awfully.  Not only does the food look unappealing so are the flavors ..... bland, dull and unimaginative.  Look at the picture of the Tuna Tartare.I guess I just do not see what people like about this place.
4	I came here with a group of yelpers. Not a UYE or anything, just a super casual dinner. We got there right at 4 pm when they opened and Vanessa N. right off the bat says "it's happy hour from 4-6, we need a pitcher of white and red sangria." I just met her, but I knew I liked her already. By the time everyone showed up, I had already gone through 3 glasses of red sangria. Anyone who has been to firefly knows that almost everything is yummy. I always order the bacon wrapped stuffed dates. They are sweet and savory all in one. The pork empanadas are flaky and the pork is flavorful and moist. The spicy beef salad was also yummy. Beef was tender and dressing on the salad had a nice heat, nothing too overwhelming. The only bad dish was the tuna tartare. I usually get this dish, but today the tuna was really fishy and old. Lisa G. ordered the same thing and we had to send it back. Out waiter was a little flustered when it came to the bill since we all wanted separate checks, but we worked it out. I had an awesome time with everyone (Vanessa, Anthony, Loren, Lisa, River, April and Doug). Sorry there's no initials for last names, but you know who you are. Vanessa and I did have to finish off Loren's white sangria. My thing is, I'd rather waste food than alcohol. So we were not about to let an entire glass of sangria go to waste.
4	A great place for happy hour. A great place to meet up with people. A great place for pitchers of sangria. A great place to order tapas and share them with your friends. I arrived at 4 when they opened and by 5:00 this place was buzzing with laughter and fun. My group ordered a variety of items off the menu and ended up sharing them which was a great way to sample. The sangria was bubbly and refreshing. I would definitely go again with a group of people. I did like the dark and romantic vibe of the decor and the background music set the tone of the evening.
5	Loved the atmosphere, loved the food. The firefly fries are so good, I ended up eating them ALL and it's a huge portion. The chicken empanadas were excellent as well. We got banana Nutella sandwiches and lemon tarts, both great! Although I wish the tarts were bigger. Great, fast service. Fun place to go with a group!
3	Having heard great reviews, we decided to check it out for ourselves with another couple. I was not impressed. The food was...eh, ok. Nothing to rave about. The portion sizes were not that impressive for tapas and they did not have a lot of vegetarian/vegan options, which I always look for in a restaurant. Their sangria was pretty good and our waiter was helpful. Overall, an ok experience, but we haven't been back and don't think we will return. There are better options out there.
5	Awesome lil tapas place! Good tapas and great service. In the same parking lot as la quinta!
4	OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!Yes, I'm living in the past. I hadn't been to Firefly until a couples weeks ago, mostly because I had an bad first experience with tapas and after hearing about all the health violations at the other store I remember giving myself a pat on the back for never touching the place to begin with. Everything there was delicious, except the tuna tartare that I tried from Marie T.'s plate which was fishy tasting enough to be sent back. I had the shrimp diablo which was fantastic, and the fries which were possibly the best fries I've ever had. I was thinking I needed to order 3-5 dishes to really fill up, but to my surprise I only ordered 2 and I was stuffed. We also ordered pitchers of sangria which were as phenominal as everyone on Yelp has already mentioned. My guy and I live in NLV and there are very few places that we make special trips for, but this is a place I'll be dragging him sometime soon.
3	My first time at this location.I'll start with the pros: The food is still pretty good. I ordered the Patatas Bravas (roasted red potatoes $5.5) and the Steak Skewers ($9). The steak skewers were the same delicious steak and mushrooms that I remember, served in a flavorful red wine reduction. The potatoes seemed to have a little more of a cheesy sauce to them, than I remember but they were still really good. I also still like the original, red sangria. Red and fruity deliciousness. The service was good, they seemed to be attentive. One of the servers did forget to bring me a water, but he apologized, and brought it later.The cons:One of the side plates on our table had dried food on it, this was before we were brought any food or drink. The menu also had some dried food on it... not that big a deal, but they should be more attentive to cleanliness. When I arrived there was only a few of us sitting at the table and I asked if I could be on my own check. The server agreed, I only had one sangria and more people joined our group, the server told me that I had to cash out and go on the group check. All parties of six or more must be on the same check. This doesn't really make any sense to me, and is quite an inconvenience.Also, our table was never brought any bread. I didn't even think to ask for it, and actually forgot about it until I saw the photo of it on here. Overall the food is good, service is ok... I'm not overly fond of the "rules" but I guess I just need to limit my group to 5 or less.
4	Best Sangria! And best dessert try the tres leches cake I have cravings for this plate all the time! I've been a couple times but make it an event to come here every time I'm in Vegas! It's off the strip but worth trip! ooo and that rhymes!
4	Amazing food! Seriously..the tapas are phenomenal and the sangria is on point! Only negatives would be they can get pretty slow with service and getting food out and sometimes the crowd is a little loud for a restaurant. I have had to literally shout to the person sitting right across from me. But overall, the tapas make it worth it. And the waiters, though sometimes slow, are always nice and helpful!
4	Food was excellent. Service was very good. To our surprise they even have a happy hour on Satursdays and Sundays until 6 pm. Drinks are 50% off.
3	This location is such a hit or miss for me. I first came here and I didn't really enjoy my experience. The service was slow and not enthusiastic.  The food was bland.  I ordered a dessert I forgot the name but I know it was nutella something.  The dessert was not appeasing, I would have rather just eaten the nutella out of the jar instead of ordering that dessert ever again.  A few other times I came here, the service was great, the food was delicious, and I think that they have the best stuffed peppers here in this location.  I did like the fact that they also have an outdoor seating area. & I actually like this outdoor seating area than the one at the Henderson location. I would still come back to this location since it is closest to my house now.  But i will miss the henderson location.
3	Security ONLY on Latin night?! WTF!JUST KIDDING, I know us Latin people are fiesty little mofos, but seriously, HELLA CREEPER at the door!So basically this is the first time Ive ever been to Firefly and I can really only review this one night, LATIN NIGHT! So I met up with my beloveds, Vanessa, Sweet Angel Anthony, mArio, and John here and was ID'd by this hecka weirdo at the door. He gave me my free drink coupon and I went inside. The interior is large and spanish-esque and nice and cool. I loved their black and red lamps and their mosiac tiles by the fire place (I think thats what it was, twas dark inside!) The bar area is large and there are plenty of seats as well as high tables around the area. I love the high ceilings and color scheme they used as well.The bartender WeSSSSSley is super awesome and nice and put up with Vanessa nicely. CAUFEE, CAWFEE, CWAFEE! She was rather loud and he handled her with ease. The drinks are strong and yummy and fresh mint complemented the mojitos nicely. I would def go here during the day to try it out. One of the things I did really like was the street taco area outside prior to leaving, for 2$ you can get pollo, adobada, or asada and you can put as much crema on it as you like.... I love me some crema!! LOL.Go here on Latin night, the drinks are yummy, music is awesome, people are beautiful and get yourself a street taco to go!
5	Lovely atmosphere and great service. Everything is good and certain menu items are fantastic! I especially love the paiella and salmon toast.
4	As always I just love firefly. The feel, the atmosphere, the people, tapas and of course... sangria!! Perfect place and how can you not drool over those dates .. Mac n cheese ... Shrimp diabla... Sliders.. the bread pudding. I could go on forever only bad part is deciding .. love this restaurant. Lets not forget who started it all-Vegas favorite for sure. Can't wait for my birthday!
5	Love this place. Perfectly executed food, perfect service, perfect drinks. If I had a restaurant I would wish it would be this great. If Gordon Ramsay came into this place on Kitchen Nightmares, he would say 'what is this a joke-there is not one thing wrong here'. Love it!
1	ok, with all the negative press this place has received recently, you would think the service and drinks would have been better. since when does a mojito-which is a 'muddled' drink- not come muddled? they just throw some mint leaves in the glass and call it a mojito, pretty lame. the service was slow and the server acted like he was doing us a favor by coming to our table. this location has always been the worst out of the firefly bunch but this last time was especially disappointing. i told the server i wanted my mojito like it was supposed to be made (apparently, you have to ask for it to be made properly by asking for it "paradise-style", meaning the way they make it at the paradise location) and my mojito came back to me with coconut rum and pineapple juice?! it was way too sweet and was the last disappointing straw. at this point, its only saving grace is their generous happy hr that features half off cocktails. if you can get your drink made properly...
3	The dates were amazing! I am excited to eat here again to try more things from the menu. I will have to try the sangria, thanks for the suggestion!
3	I've always heard this place had really good Sangrias. But no chance to try it yet! After the whole massacre of everyone getting sick from the other location of Fireflys on Paradise, I was thinking "wth"...they should of bumped it up a notch on being clean at this location right? The service was great, not once was our water glasses not filled up. I ordered the ahi tuna tar tar plate and sad to say the tuna tasted not really fresh at all. The meat looked dark, i thought it was just the sauce. The chicken empanada came in just 1 piece cut in half. Kinda disappointing for $8 bucks if i remember the price correctly. However, the mango bbq ribs plate was the best! And the bacon wrapped dates we're amazing too. The steak and mushroom skewers were good also. Take notes, they are tapas so most of the plates are very small dishes. The dessert was next and I got the dessert sampler. The cheesecake was sour, the flan tasted like spoiled milk at first, but my friend loved the tres leches cake. So this place really has its up and downs on food plates. I would come back, but maybe think twice about what i ordered before & get a glass of red sangria. ;)
5	I forgot to write a review for this fabulous restaurant, shame on me! I was here for a Bachelorette party and really enjoyed the food. Firefly has a massive tapas menu. There's something for everyone. The stuffed dates were really wonderful, just would have done without the blue cheese. The calamari wasn't greasy at all. We had some sort of an awesome manchego cheese dip. We had a couple other items (fish/shrimp?) but I can't remember which. All in all great quality food and service, this would make a great date spot!The white sangria pitcher was a great price, but not as good as the sangria I make of course ;)  And to finish the chocolate tres leches cake was to die for. Just the right amount of chocolate without being too rich or sweet. Very refreshing.
5	I went to Firefly when it was in the Plaza quite a few years ago but haven't been to one of their locations since.  We decided to try the West Sahara location last night and am I glad we did!We started with three plates--the Firefly fries, steak and mushroom skewers, and marinated and grilled octopus (pulpo asado).  All three dishes were excellent.  The fries are completely addictive.  You cannot stop eating them.  The have parmesan cheese and herbs on them and a side of aioli for dipping.  I liked them without dipping.  Did I mention they're addictive?  I think the FDA will soon start regulating their distribution and sale.  :)We decided to try two more things because this is tapas.  I ordered the scallops "escargot" for myself and my wife got the ham and cheese croquetas.  Both were winners all the way.  The butter/garlic/herbs with the scallops fooled one into thinking they were having real escargots.  The ham and cheese deep fried croquetas were really tasty and the aioli on them was super.Finally, we ordered some dessert.  My wife got the chocolate and cherry bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream and I ordered the banana-Nutella sandwiches.  The sandwiches had mashed bananas inside and Nutella drizzled on top and there was a small side container of more Nutella.  Absolutely delightful!!!Our server was Joshua and he was top notch!  He answered questions we had, recommended some things when we asked, and he always saw to it that we had new glasses of iced tea before we finished the ones we had.  It seemed like everyone in the place was very customer oriented and we felt welcomed and appreciated!I will be back to try some more of their goodies.  But, this time I'll skip the fires.  As addictive as they are, they can also be very filling and you just cannot stop eating them.  I was waiting for my wife to say, "Put the fries down and put your arms up."5 stars for a place with great food and service to match.  And, 5 stars to a place where my wife tries a piece of octopus and actually likes it!  Miracles do happen!
4	It's Kevin B.'s birthday and we're going to Firefly for dinner! I haven't been to Firefly for YEARS and I've never been to this location, only the Paradise one waaaaaaaaaaaay back when. This location is a lot roomier than the Paradise spot and it is better for accommodating large parties... and we were a LARGE party! We had a bunch of tables put together in the middle of the restaurant and the more people that came, the more tables they added on. I have to say, the staff, especially our server JOSHUA, were all VERY accommodating, nice and friendly, and were super nice about getting us more tables, getting the food out to us, spread out all over the table, clearing the table and getting us drinks and water! Everything was just as tasty as I remember, especially the SHRIMP DIABLO! I could just eat this ALL day and order all the bread in the place to soak up the DELICIOUS sauce!! NOM NOM NOM! The main thing I wanted waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas the Red Sangria!! This is THE best! It's the thing I look forward THE most at this place! When I think Firefly, I think SANGRIA. FREAAAAKIN' DELICIOUS!!!!!
5	Went to brunch today with friends' We had all different tapas. Especially Wed the hwevos rancheros and vergie benedictps Love You Eduardo
5	Went again this afternoon for Saturday lunch, all the food was great except the artichoke bread, which we did not enjoy.  The waiter today was excellent and the service was outstanding.  Kudos to Firefly.
5	We were thrilled to see their new location. Ample bar seating and no one crammed around the little cocktail tables any more. Drinks are 5 stars.  Crafted cocktails with a little ingredient background to boot. The curious in our group got a little taste test of some interesting bottles of spirits. I sampled the sparkling Sangria. Delicious! The tapas menu was varied but a little lacking in vegetarian options. We ordered generously and drank plenty for a couple of hours. Our bill before tax and tip for 4 was $150. Fleur de Cossette, Old Fashioned & Watermelon mojito were favorites. Worth driving/cabbing off the strip!
3	Dates and bacon, pretty good. Cute venue, dark ambience. Pretty busy when we went. All the tapas were decent.
5	We had a friend in town and opted for the way off strip location.  It was not busy at all which was great for conversation.  It was nice because they had a brunch menu so the picky eater was able to get breakfast food.  Highly recommend the pumpkin beignets!  As usual, everything we ordered was awesome.We had a table full of delicious goodies to share.  The service was nice, they left us alone to visit and didn't interrupt unnecessarily.  We love bringing out of towners to Firefly!
5	Great food!
3	Came here on a saturday night. Yes, it was pretty busy but that does not excuse the quality of the food. My hubby and I love their sangria. Ham & cheese croquetas are pretty good. The rest was so so. Plate of serrano ham & manchego cheese is served on a hot plate with dry cheese. Told the busser which brought us another plate but was not better.  I guess this will be our sangria place only.
5	I went here with friends while we were in Vegas for a couple days.  I'll be back  anytime I'm in Vegas again.  The goat-cheese stuffed, almond-filled, bacon-wrapped dates in a red wine reduction are AMAZEBALLS.  Seriously.  A-MAZE-BALLS. Bacon is meat candy, right?  And these are like the See's Candy of bacon dishes.  I've decided I want a pan of these instead of birthday cake.The chicken & mushroom paella was delish, too, but next time, I'd probably just stick with an assortment of the tapas because they were so great and outshone the paella (not to belittle the paella).  The ham & cheese croquetas, yummy.  The roasted eggplant canneloni, tasty.  The only dish that we didn't love was the grilled scallops, which, with pureed saffron potatoes, seemed like a good idea, but just didn't really mesh with the rest of the meal.  The service was excellent, especially for how busy the place was.I highly recommend it! The food was an experience and a memorable one.
1	If I could give -50 stars I would. Don't get me wrong the food is delish, but the service? I'm better off at the swap meet. The server Karina is extremely rude. She has 0 customer service skills. She made the biggest deal because we asked her to split a check, exclaiming "it would take too long" since she had 10 tables to serve. I had never had such a bad experience at this location. If I do come back, I will make sure our server is NOT Karina.
5	Great server, Joshua, great food, and super fast. It made a great birthday dinner experience.
1	Worst service of my life. Staff is mental! And Joshua is a complete idiot. Went there for happy hour with my family. Showed up at 3, place was completely empty and the host asked if we had a reservation because out party was too big. Waited for 30 minutes to be seated. Server showed up twice our whole time there. Once to take our order and the second time to drop the tab off. Waited another 30 minutes for him to pick it up and he never did I had to go up to the bar to pay. And still waited till my server gave me the tab to sign. And was charged for a plate that they gave to the opposite side of the table so I never received it. Plus paid for a new order of the item and still waited 20 minutes more. NEVER AGAIN DONT COME HERE!
2	Food was okay to better than okay. The main problem, the service was horrible, 30 minutes to get a water after sitting down. A lot of staff standing around for how bad the service was. The busboy was more helpful than our actual waiter. Would I come back... Maybe if someone else was paying.
2	I still love the food.... But the service is getting progressively worse! Last night we went out with friends and we had a gift card and wanted to pay our half of the bill with it. So we asked the waiter to just split the check between the gift card and the debut card. Well e ones skipping back hey guess what you didn't need to split it, the gift card had enough on it for the entire meal! Really?!? Idiot! So we explain to him that not what we said and to fix it... He comes back ten minutes later basically telling u the same thing... Umm no I want my money back! It took a total of 35 mins from dropping off the check at the table to leaving! I was so frustrated with this guy! If your servers can't understand basic math like divide by two... Then get out of there! Anyways love the food but the hostess and servers are lacking. Maybe I should just go back to the paradise location!
5	Our go-to destination whenever we visit Las Vegas. Great food, ambience and service! Get the Stuffed Dates, you won't be sorry. Our waiter Anthony was fantastic, very helpful and attentive to our large party and made Mom's birthday celebration a memorable one! Created a Yelp account just to shout him out because he was that great! :)
3	I gave this Firefly only three stars because every time I have been there,and I continue to go back because I love their tapas,I have never once been disappointed with my orders and the sangria is yummy too. It's the service that is lacking. Every time I have been there I have had to get out of my seat to ask for salt and pepper,more water,to order again and get napkins. The girls  and guys working we're more then helpful in getting what I asked for, they just weren't  on the ball so to say. Great place to eat some new flavours,I love the decorating and the music.  I will continue to go,always in hopes I get wowed by service.
5	My family loves lunch and dinner at Firefly. We just found out about Saturday brunch and it is awesome. I don't think you can come here and not like a majority of the things on the menu.  It is tapas so you can order another small dish and try everything!
3	Food and service are pretty equal to me. If I have a great meal I will come back to a place. If I have great service but a bad meal I'll come back and try another item or a different time of day. At Firefly you will find fantastic tapas at great prices and generally very inconsistent service to go with it.I have been to this location 3 times and have been consistently happy with the food. The lunch deal ($10) is basically a full portion with a side and fills you up for cheap. The brunch was really good too and offers some gourmet lunch items in small sizes. I really liked the breakfast tacos and benedicts. The chicken skewers are a must for the lunch deal and the Firefly french fries are a delicious go-to when ordering off of the regular menu (get extra aioli).  I haven't found a favorite dish yet because everything I've tried has been great so far.The happy hour wasn't really described by my server but the gist seemed to be 50% off everything from the drink book from 3-6pm and no food items are discounted.  We got a large pitcher of white sangria (delicious) and it came out to a total of $14 on the bill, what a steal!On the flip side the service has been pretty nonexistent all 3 times. Does your server ever come back to check on your food or allow you to order more food? Rarely, and usually by then you aren't hungry for more. Does your server bring you water or keep it full? Not when you sit in the on the patio.... although a female back-waiter we had yesterday was very attentive.  It seems that the only time we had good service was when the restaurant was actually busy instead of an off time.  The bartender was chewing gum with her mouth open while talking to guests, there were servers on the floor talking in large groups instead of working and one server was even at a table with his cell phone out for a good 5 minutes before he left the table.  We also saw that fabled creature, a manager, for the first time as well.  But with all of the above we still had an awkward server that forced some jokes and seemed to be around when we needed him, which was a welcomed change to the type of service we usually get here.The food is fantastic, reasonable priced for gourmet style, and the service is hit or miss.  Will I be back?  Absolutely, I'll just make sure I come during regular times instead of off times.Food: 5/5Value: 5/5Service: 2/5
4	Food and drinks were awesome. The service lacks, we asked for bread and more water for hot tea twice and it never arrived.
5	I LOVE this place! I make a special trip out here every time I come to Vegas. Now as a personal favor to your old pal Lauren B. Please please get some sangria. Now you may ask yourself who is Lauren B. to that I say less talk more sangria ordering. Any flavor is good really, I like the sparkling sangria personally but I like champagne so order based off what you like. I highly recommend coming for happy hour because it's 50% off drinks and pitchers of sangria. To me this doesn't translated into savings it translates to woohoo 50% more drinks. While you're at it try the bacon wrapped dates and firefly fries. I would avoid the fish sticks they were good but I felt like two small strips of fish was overpriced for $9.
4	Get off the Strip and go somewhere that is un-pretencious, affordable and fun.  That would be Firefly.  I have been coming here for years and am a little sad to say that too many of my industry associates have discovered this hidden gem.  I come to Vegas several times a year on business and this is my go-to place to get out, relax and NOT see anyone I know or work with in my industry.  I guess that you can't keep a secret for too long, as I always see people I know here now.  Even so, I won't stop coming because of it, although I may go to one of their other locations further outside of Vegas?I cannot pinpoint any one item on the menu that I love more than the others (except for the Stuffed Dates, which simply ROCK), but just take some friends, order 6-10 tapas plates, get a few pitchers of Sangria and try not to look surprised when the check comes.  Its half the cost of anything comparable on the Strip.A real treat for a small-business owner or someone on a tight expense-account.  Go check it out!
4	Food was good. Bread and almond butter was delicious! Had tuna tartare and ceviche that was full flavor and close to perfect. Server assistants and Bussers were on top of it but our server was not attentive at all. Will be back for the bar and food!
5	Outstanding food, service, sangria!  An absolute must when we go to Vegas!
3	I was really craving this place when I last visited Las Vegas! Specifically, I was craving the bacon wrapped dates and sangria. I was so disappointed when I heard about the health code issues at the Henderson location, so I was happy to see that this location was good to go. We ordered a plethora of dishes, all of which were very delicious! However, they are so overpriced that it was hard to make sure the small party I was with got even a taste of each dish. Some of the small dishes had only 2 pieces! For $10-ish dollars, I think that's a bit ridiculous. I simply couldn't afford to eat here with more than one or two people, because that adds up quickly. I love the interior of this restaurant. It is a pleasant place to be! I especially love the patio, although it was closed the last time I was there. Overall, this would be a good restaurant for a date, but, in my and my wallets opinion, not so great for a party of multiple people because you would need multiple plates of the same item. The bacon covered dates and sangria are must haves.
4	Love it!  Apple & manchego salad is amazing.Just went back after a month.  Warm Spinach salad is great.  The dressing and the cheese, peppers, artichokes  were good.  My fish was excellent, great sauce.Unfortunately I was next to this rude and grumpy table of six.  They didn't understand that little plates come out at separate times.  They all wanted to eat together.  And they were confused by what they ordered.  The people that had the lunch specials complained about the fries being cold.  Now that was a real complaint but it could have been fixed.  The "Ringleader" of this group was very unpleasant.  I think we all know what type of foods they are going out to eat now.  (No more Chinese!)  Apparently they eat out a lot!  Eating out is great but we don't all need to hear for 15 minutes what you six are going to eat.Firefly is a lot of fun, and very good food.  The atmosphere is friendly but trendy.  I hope that the ladies working there don't get in trouble.  These people were difficult.Yes I will continue to eat there, keep up the good work!
5	What a great off-the-strip destination!  They gave a very tasty menu with good wines and sangria by the glass.  I recommend the shrimp ceviche and the pulpo asado.  The staff was attentive and personable. When we arrived at 6:30, we found it packed with those who came for happy hour.  It was still full at 9 pm when we left.  I was there for a business dinner, but many were vacationers enjoying the fun atmosphere.
5	Went here for Valentine's day and glad we did! It was really too busy plus we were able to get reservations so we walked in and got seated right away.  There seemed to be a little wait on getting our food but man it was so worth it!  Everything that we had I loved! The staff was really nice and helpful. Have to go back to try more stuff.
4	Great atmosphere and even better food!! They have a delicious brunch menu for Saturday's. My mouth is watering now thinking about it! Must try's: pumpkin beignets, watermelon water, salmon toast!
4	I have never been to a Tappas Grill before and it was a good expeiernce, they have very good food and the prices were not bad at all, its a nice place to share your food and such! Will go again!
4	I've been to this place several times and have always had a good experience. Most everything is Tapa's style and very reasonably priced. My favorite is the petite Filet that comes with some potatoes & some greens with a very tasty sauce for under $10!! The bacon wrapped dates are Amazing!! They have a happy hour but not for food, just for drinks but you can get a pitcher of flavored Mojito's for $25 and it comes with plenty of drinks for 3 people. Nice outdoor patio and nice dining area. Great good, good prices, nice atmosphere.
4	Excellent, excellent!!!! Great service, great food and fabulous atmosphere. Me and some friends met here afterwork even on a Thursday the place was packed but it was comfortable and you could hear yourself talk without yelling. The good and drinks were reasonably priced and worth every penny. I will definitely come here again.
3	Came here on a Saturday night during prime dining hours. We were seated immediately, which should have been a telling sign in the first place. The service was good. Our server and the support staff were prompt and attentive, and never were left waiting for anything. Well except some taste, or flavor. We ordered 5 plates for the two of us: the mushroom pastry, steak and mushroom skewers, tuna tartare, smoked salmon toasts and some fries. We had plenty of food, but overall, the food was very bland, underseasoned and generally uninspired. The ingredient combinations sounded appealing, but the execution was very poor. The tuna, for example, had zero seasoning of any kind. None. Cubed raw fish with a couple chunks of avocado does not a tartare make. The food wasn't bad, per se, but it could have been substantially better. Even the sangria was underwhelming. Unlikely that we'd return.
3	I dont know what it is about this place, but every time i come its like a hit and a miss! My friends and i ate here for New Years and ordered several dishes, like the ahi tuna, the stuffed mushrooms, idk what else but alot of food, most of what they brought was cold! Being that they were very busy, i let it slide, i hate sending food back considering how long it took to get there, and we were starving! The Sangria was good at least!
5	I love, love, love Firefly! I've been here before and I am never disappointed. I've tried many items on the menu and everything is good. One of my favorites is the chorizo clams. So many flavors, all complimenting each other, in a bath of the most delicious broth. **Drool** The paella is wonderful, all the flavors perfectly balanced. Their ceviche is fresh and stuffed dates are amazing. It's a fun atmosphere with lots of wines and drinks to choose from. I consider myself a regular.
5	Been coming here for years!  Love the service and the food.  Order the bacon wrapped dates and you won't be disappointed.
5	Firefly is amazing - from the food to the drinks, to the great ambiance and fantastic service. Manny G came up with a fantastic mojito not even on menu - strawberry, cranberry, and malibu! The place is easily in my all-time favorite Vegas places and I can't wait to go back.
4	Did a Yelp search for tapas before heading to Vegas from Buffalo and found 2 close to our hotel.  Turns out we could walk to Firefly it a minute.  Soooo glad we did.  We've had dinner and lunch here this week.  All the goods ..... Nice atmosphere and patio, Service was VG, and great menu.  We're going there for lunch again before we fly back.Suggestions: Heirloom Tomato Salad, Stuffed Dates, Grilled Garbanzos (although they're "in the shell" meaning a little messy to eat), Ahi Tuna Skewers and Chicken Skewers.Firefly will be on our "To-Do" list each time we return to Vegas.  Enjoy!
4	The food was good and well prepared.  The service was also pretty good.  The restaurant however was really loud, Granted it was a Friday night and a few tables had no plates just tons of empty glasses.  We took a visiting Mom here and we were pretty embarrassed about the drunks sitting behind us screaming about pretty nasty bodily functions.  The food,  service and prices were good.  Probably won't go back on a Friday night.
1	The food is good as always disappointed they removed some items but added some new. My review is based on service and in the restaurant industry customer service should above and beyond that's what tips are based off right? Well in my case my server took a few mins too long to greet our table didn't really care for us.... Our food came she didn't even ask us if we liked it or how was it... She didn't even top off our waters!! She was passing my our table and didn't stop once and she would be either her coworkers by the register chatting away ... This is tapas plates get empty fast and we finished and waited for some interaction from her. I was so irritated I had to speak to a manager who then only offered drinks... She allowed the same server to serve and she was now being rude in purpose. For a Friday night that was only maybe 8-10 tables with people they were having bad customer service as if they were a full house and short staffed sad to say I won't go back in particular to this locationI got better customer service at old firefly that has a wait and elbow to elbow tables that are full The atmosphere and ambience was also bad... Too bright no music until I addressed why there's no music it was awkward
4	Simple fare but very tasty.  Many choices and the service was pretty good.  The stuffed dates and chicken empanadas were our favorite.  I also enjoyed the flan for dessert.  Solid meal and they didn't rush you out the door.....
4	This location has a nice dim lit kind of ambiance perfect for a date or small group of friends. Staff was friendly and their service was great! Must try the combination paella! Pairs well with Victoria and a lime (which they have bottled).
4	Firfly is awesome! Always fun atmosphere and always good food!  We came most recently last Thursday and got the same stuff as always... Stuffed Peppers, Diablo Shrimp, Steak and Mushroom Skewers, Apple Manchengo Salad, and the Chicken Empanadas.  Love every single dish!! We also were going to order the Strawberry mojito pitcher but then our server asked us if we wanted to try a mojito that he had recently made up with some coconut rum and strawberry.  It was REALLY good we were glad we took him up on his recommendation!All in all great place and will always come back!
1	On Sun. 11/24 the 4 of us arrived at Firefly at brunch time.  There were only 6 others in the restaurant and 1 server.  Of all the tapa orders, only the steak turned out.  One friend's eggs came alone on a plate & her toast was burnt & not buttered.  Myself & another friend ordered the same warm spinach salad & sent them back because they were swimming in a very acidic dressing & hers didn't contain any of the red peppers.  We exchanged these for a garden salad but that equally small one didn't contain hearts of palm as stated in menu.  Either the server or chef forgot about my eggplant cannoloni for a half hour & it came only after my reminder.  Unfortunately, it was a tiny portion, mushy & obviously overcooked.  Since  they were serving pumpkin beignets, we weren't offered the bread basket with the good almond butter.  We asked; then received enough for two, & weren't offered more.The restaurant never did see many guests that morning, and considering the faux pas on so many items we ordered, the manager could have offered a future free meal or desserts for all of us, or a glass of wine.  But we merely were asked if we wanted anything else.As a recent newcomer to Firefly, I was not impressed and will make no plans to return to neither the Sahara location nor Paradise.K I K I
1	If I could give 0 stars, I would. I used to visit the Paradise location until it closed due to salmonella. I figured this Westside location would be fine. My coworker and I went last night for dinner. The service was absolutely terrible considering they were about a quarter full, but we dealt with it.Soon after we got home we were both experiencing terrible abdominal pains, followed by throwing up every bite we ate. This went on for a few hours. Double food poisoning? Disgusting.They need to revamp their entire business. Kitchen, staff, service. Firefly is headed down a bad road.
5	Our awesome server Manny G was great with the service and was even better exposing us to new drinks. New drinks that were not in the menu were a treat. My friends and I return to restaurants constantly due to their cocktails and food. But mind you the cocktails keep us coming. Thank you Manny for the great drinks we (6 of us) hope we see these in the menu soon. Thanks so much Firefly!!!
4	Happy birthday to me! Came out with my roommates for some drinks and tapas. This place is on point with drinks and tapas. I will continue this after meal.
1	The food was good.  We ordered the shishito peppers, fries, sangria, and bacon wrapped dates.  The service was not that great.  It took about 10 minutes before anyone came to talk to us, and there was only one other table in the whole restaurant at the time.After we finished eating I went to the men's restroom.  I smelled pungent body odor coming from the stall next to me.  An employee came out of the stall and left the bathroom without washing his hands.  We will not be coming back here.Summary: Filet o' poop.
4	This was my first time here for brunch. I've done dinner here half a dozen times, but had never come for anything else. I've never had a bad dinner here and now I've never had a bad brunch as well. The service is just as fast and friendly as ever and the food is the same great quality. The brunch drink menu isn't too long, but everything on it is very good (blackberry gin and tonic!). And you can't go wrong with pumpkin beignets.
5	I'm really excited to have this place close to my home, I just hope they keep everything in order so they don't close it. Great place to hang out!
5	Open late, great ambiance and even better staff. Manny G was a great server, very attentive and very helpful. Suggested a variety of delicious tapas. Overall he was an excellent server & Alexis was great too! I recommend the the tuna tartare.
5	Nice looking restaurant, interesting food choices at very reasonable prices, good service and away from all the casino's smoke and bustle. We went at about 10pm on a sunday and it was perfect for a romantic dinner experience. we sat in the patio, which has just the right amount of light and the music level is good for having a conversation. However, if you are looking for a different experience, you can sit inside or at the bar where the music is louder.
3	Delicious mojito.  Super empty compared to normal, chairs up on tables in half the room when we walked in at 5pm seemed like a bad sign.  All the favorites were good except the scallop escargot... Half burnt and half raw does not equate to properly cooked despite the waiter's attempt to say it should be done that way. Hopefully issue rectified in ordering something else.
5	The food was amazing. My sister took me out for dinner and at first we did not know where to go. She suggested Firefly and I had no clue what it was so I decided to give it a try. When we arrived it was full of people. The wait wasn't long but I was sure this place will be worth it.  The service and people were great. They got everything delivered in no time. The chicken salad was definitely something I would get again. I would recommend this restaurant to kids and families.
2	Reason why I'm giving 2 stars and not 4 is because of their lack of service. Firefly has always been my go to place for tapas, but after the service today, they are not on my top list anymore. We racked up a $200.00 bill just to have to ask for a refill because an hour has gone by and still no refills on our drinks, we had to tell them to take our dirty dishes and on top of that handing them our dirty plates! Not to mention, caught the servers gossiping about our table because we look like a group of younger people. You really think we can't afford your food? Where do you think you get your paycheck and tips from? YOUR CUSTOMERS.
5	It's about time that I review this place!  Fire Fly has been one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas for years. I discovered this restaurant when I was craving tapas after my semester abroad in Spain. Everything that I have ordered off the menu has been delicious, from the baked tetilla (anyone who speaks Spanish knows it's a funny name) to the paella. We spend the last NYE here and ordered the AYCE special so we have ordered almost everything! Today we went here for brunch and we were also impressed! I loved the idea of the breakfast tapas! Order the lemon ricotta pancakes!
4	Place has the best tapas selection in town.  The bar menu rocks and the service is efficient.  Just don't cross contaminate in the kitchen and I'll keep coming back.  I like the skewers, lentils, meat pastries, mushrooms, octopus and Spanish tapas.  Sangria's are the bomb.  Gr8 happy hour value and crowd.  Noisy but bearable.  Skip the meals and have more tapas.
5	Another Brunch at Fire Flys. Food as always FANTASTIC!!!!! This time , however the Bartender, (Stephanie), was  Outstanding. Our drink orders were perfect and served in a very timely manner. Something that was lacking on other visits. Our server Karen was knowledgeable an was spot on with recommendations and bringing our food on time and hot. She ensured that all our needs  were met and made our dinning experience the best we have had at this restaurant. We have always enjoyed our Brunch at Fire Fly.  Today, the experience was enhanced exponentially. New management makes this restaurant a must go dinning experience.
5	Love the sparkling sangria and bacon wrap dates. I also got the scallop escargot it was amazing
4	My cousin that lives in Vegas took my partner and here one day. I was very excited to try a tapas restaurant. I get to try many different dishes because the portions are so small. Every dish we ordered was tasty. The staff here are very friendly.
3	I don't drink, so since the appeal of this place seems to hang on the Sangria, I can only remark on the food. The food itself is fine, but the prices for them brings down the rating for me. It seems to be more a place to hang out and spend money with the drinking + social life combo hang out. I prefer tapas in the Japanese places around town or dim sum.
4	Even though they had a bad health grade at the Paradise location and the Eastern location closed, I still dined there today because I haven't eaten here in a while, I was craving some dates and I bought a groupon. We walked in and it wasn't busy at all. We got choice seats in the bar so we could watch soccer. A bit disappointing was the bar menu wasn't updated as every single beer that my husband wanted was no longer available and the server said sorry the menu is wrong.  Stuffed dates are a must! I love their dates compared to Toros Tapas.  The dates in the red wine reduction is so good! Pulpo asado- still delicious according to my husband!Boquerones- Spanish white anchovies with roasted peppers avocado- my husband said its not as good as it used to be.Veggie empanada- if you like mushrooms, spinach and cream cheese then you will enjoy this. I would order it againSmoked salmon toasts- If you like smoked salmon then you will enjoy this dish. It was good and tasty! And we can't forget dessert!Banana nutella sandwiches and chocolate tres leches are winners! Still my favorite at Firefly! This is a nice restaurant, good food and I hope it starts to be a happening place again!
4	Love this place! Lots of flavor and tapas options. Every time I have gone it hasn't been super busy so there is no wait. A fun place to socialize with friends and try new things but each item you try definitely adds up so be aware when you are ordering that your bill may be larger than expected.
1	Good Job on the free sangria, place is going downhill fast....not even free stuff will get the public to come back.Fix the health department issues first'Farewell firefly
5	I LOVE FIREFLY! It's a nice and relaxing place to munch with friends or go on a romantic date. I love the ahi plate and of course the sangrias!! I will definitely be returning... Bringing all my friends
1	To start off, I got food poisoning . I was up all night puking all of my food up. I mean the food might be disgusting but the service was devastating, it took hours order. That night I saw vermon in the restaurant and threw up violently that night. It was the worst and I will never dine at firefly again.
3	The food was varied, lots of selection, and really a lot of unusual choices-most were quite good. We ordered approx 15 dishes and liked about 85% of them. The service was terrible. Slow and unorganized but we weren't in a hurry so we didn't make a fuss. Not the cleanest...menus were sticky.
5	So flippen good I bought a Groupon (if you read my reviews yes i LoVE groupon) for $17,worth $30 yes its a bit pricey for the tapas but that's normal for pretty much any tapas bar but so frkn worth it DELICIOUS!!!!!!! I live in California and I go to a place in Claremont village nope I can't even compare the food. I'm sad I can t be closer but I will for sure visit every time I go to vegas I recommend it .the steak and mushroom skewer's the sh.....everything is good. Great atmosphere very comfortable.I love the bacon wrapped dates awesome....must try.oh before I forget amazing service.....
