4	Sushi in a farming community?  Surrounded by Mexican food restaurants and BBQ?  Huge risk in opening this place in "The QC" -- but it has paid off.I love that the owner is very welcoming to patrons and they do a great job with sushi.  We go with friends often and love it.  Get the French Kiss and Big Foot rolls -- good speciality ones.  They have a huge variety though and you shouldn't be disappointed.Lunch bento boxes are great combination of non-sushi and sushi combos.
3	Okay, so here is the weird thing - I haven't tried much sushi and alone I am not adventurous. I typically stick with California rolls, spicy tuna or another beginner roll like Philadelphia or Las Vegas...I was almost tempted to go with the Lion King, but again, not adventurous when I am dining solo.This was my first visit to the restaurant, but I am running out of places I haven't been in QC yet. The California rolls were good - pretty typical and $6. If you come during their happy hour, they are $3, which is very cool. The deco was nice; I loved the feel to the restaurant. They still had some Halloween decorations up and football games behind the bar. In addition to the California roll, I ordered chicken fried rice. It was good, and it was a good size - but it's nice...I thought $10.50 for a plate of fried rice was a bit high. Between the rolls and the rice, I was full...but the waiter asked about dessert, so I had to look. I went with the carrot cake and wow - that was the best part of the meal! The cake was good, the icing was perfect, some whipped cream, and caramel sauce. The cake was moist and had a good flavor, plenty of nuts and was priced at $5.The service was excellent - the waiter kept the drinks filled, the atmosphere was good and the dessert was incredible. The rolls and rice were good, but maybe Happy Hour would be a good time to come and get the same things at a cheaper price.
4	I loooooooove Sushi Creek..Although it is my absolute favorite place to go I only gave it 4 stars because I am new to the sushi crave and although I have tried other places such as RA, Blue Wasabi (second fave place), Kona Grill, Haru and others, I can't say that its as good as it gets for other people but yes for me its my first choice..my favorite thing there is the wise suprise roll, I add spicy mayo and extra eel sauce to mine and sometimes wasabi..but it is my most favorite roll that I have had anywhere..Tyrone is my favorite bartender and Rich is the manager and will take great care of you if you have any questions.  They also have an I hate sushi menu so my one daughter always gets the macaroni bites on the kids menu and loves them..my other two young daughters are also huge fans of the wise suprise..so I definately reccomend you checking it out..
5	Bumping up my star rating.  We keep going back with friends and are never disappointed.  Hope this place sticks around!Previous review:Sushi in a farming community?  Surrounded by Mexican food restaurants and BBQ?  Huge risk in opening this place in "The QC" -- but it has paid off.I love that the owner is very welcoming to patrons and they do a great job with sushi.  We go with friends often and love it.  Get the French Kiss and Big Foot rolls -- good speciality ones.  They have a huge variety though and you shouldn't be disappointed.Lunch bento boxes are great combination of non-sushi and sushi combos.
3	Ok sushi. Fair prices. "I hate sushi" menu for people that don't like sushi. Most of their rolls have the staple crab & mayo mix which is pretty unoriginal. The sauce for the grilled tataki sucks compared to most places that I've had it. They need to mix it up a bit more and add some more rolls like a deep-fried roll and maybe some hand rolls. Their website looks like a free template from a do-it-yourself site. The inside of Sushi-Creek looks good. Nice decor. The service and staff was great which goes far in my book. I'll go back because it's close and I love the hell out of some sushi.EDIT: I think they got the hint about the website. They have a new one that looks better but now it plays music with no mute button.:-(  Also since it uses FLASH and the web designer did very basic work, I had a hard time finding it in a search.
5	We have never been disappointed, staff and food are exceptional every time we have been there.  Place is always clean and wait staff very attentive and pleasant.  Very reasonable and delicious meals.
5	went here yesterday with my boyfriend. we had been craving sushi and luckily this place is so close to our house so we were hoping it would be good! and it was! my boyfriend got a crab roll and a spicy tuna roll and i got a veggie roll and a cucumber roll. the place was pretty empty when we got there and didnt really get busy the whole time we were there. the place is really nice. not huge but not super tiny either. and our food came pretty fast! the only draw back is we are from california so our sushi places also do 50% off all prices, and this one does not. but i know we will def be back for sure!
5	I have probably been here like 4 times now, and each time its just as good! Went yesterday and tried the "Wise Surprise" roll which has spicy tuna, cucumber, crab mix, avocado, and cream cheese deep fried with eel sauce on top.....and it was ahhhhmazing!!!! I love that I can walk to this place! Everyone should eat here!!
4	Really good "I hate Sushi" menu with lots of choices.  My review is for the Beef Teriyaki .... my only gripe is its not a huge portion for what you pay.  I would have loved more of the beef, and sauce to go with the mountain of rice they give you.  The flavor and taste is amazing.  Probably top 5 of all teriyaki bowls/dinner/whatever that I have ever had.  My wife was not as big of a fan of this place as I was, but I will let her do her own review.  I want to go back and try the Sushi, if I don't chicken out again.  I just am not a huge raw food (especially slimy fish kind)  i have heard the Lolipop roll is outstanding.  I do want to go back and try more of the "I hate Sushi" menu because it reminds me a lot of one of my favorite places all time to eat (Happy Sumo)  If you are wondering if you can bring the kids, they have food for them too.  I think everyone can be satisfied at this place.
2	Pretty good sushi in Queen Creek. We started out with the shrimp and veggie tempura $10.99 and it was very good (5 pieces of big shrimp and broccoli, bell peppers, onion, zucchini, yam). We also ordered miso soup $3.50, which was freaking huge! We thought it was going to be a small bowl like at most sushi places for like $1.50 but out came this giant bowl that could easily feed 3 people! We wish our waiter warned us. Then I ordered the sashimi platter $15 (disappointed that i had to order a bowl of rice $2.50 since it didn't come with it, non-traditional) and we ordered a rainbow roll $11.50. The sashimi slices were very fresh and thick cut and delicious. The rainbow roll was very good too! I probably wouldn't return just because I know of another sushi place where you get miso soup and rice with all your meals which equals a less expensive bill.
5	Who would believe that Queen Creek has one of the best Sushi restaurants in town.  My wife is from Japan and I have spent a lot of time there.  Sushi is all about the freshness of the fish and the quality of the rice.  If you ever eat sushi and smell fish, be aware.  If you eat sushi with gooey rice.  It's not sushi.  It's rice cake with fish.  You should be able to feel the individual rice in your mouth when eating.  That makes for good sushi.  Well at Sushi Creek, they have very fresh fish (tuna, salmon, salmon eggs, shrimp, eel, squid, etc...)  and they know how to cook the rice.  They also do a great job at rolls (spider roll rocks).  Edamame and Miso was also good.  Check this out.  On Sundays only they do a "Happy Hour Special" where a portion of their menu is 1/2 priced.  I have never had a bad meal at Sushi Creek.  Clean restaurant with attentive staff.  Very, Very consistent.  Always fresh!!!  All you people that live in PHX it's worth the drive to Queen-tucky for a little sushi.  Get out and enjoy the ride.
5	Expensive but worth it. Great food. Sunday is happy hour all day.If you're looking for a cold desert afterwards, in the same shopping center is "Bahama Bucks". it's worth the 1 minute walk :)
5	I love this place. As I live in queen creek I was skeptical at first since it's raw fish, but whenever we want to treat ourselves, this is the place we go.
4	Sushi rolls for $4 all day on Sunday? You can't be that. I ate here last Thursday and enjoyed it as I always do. I get the same thing every time (Las Vegas roll, Rainbow roll and spicey yellowtail roll) and I have yet to be let down. The Sake is hot, the beer is cold and the wasabi is FLAMIN'!!
4	All day happy hour on Sunday.   We had the tempura jalapeno appetizer with eel sauce that was small with only four pieces, but really good. We a received fresh serving of edame with kosher salt as a free appetizer. The california roll and philadelphia roll were good.  The philadelphia roll had large pieces of salmon.  The shrimp tempura roll came with eel sauce at was really good.  Our server was Misty and the service we received from her was excellent.  Very suprised to have found this type of place in Queen Creek.  The ambiance was very cool and relaxed.  The decor was very artsy and earth with a cool flair.  We will definitely be going back to this place.
4	ok so let me preface this review with the fact that I don't eat sushi. I don't even eat seafood at all because I just don't like it and never have. I do enjoy the food they have here though. I love the tempura veggies, especially the sweet potatoes, and everything I have tried here has been great. The service is always good and the restaurant is always clean and inviting.
4	I'm not a sushi eater but my husband is so we went since they also offer what they called a section of the menu "I hate sushi" which was perfect for me. On that part of the menu they served the typical all American food which consist of chicken strip/fries and Angus burger/fries ect. The prices for a meal is a bit on the pricier side. We went during a Sunday where they offered half off all day on selected items throughout the whole menu. Luckily they had the Angus beef burger/fries half off when I went which was surprisingly hands down one of the BEST juiciest burger I've ever eaten. I was shocked how good it was considering that this place is known primarily for sushi eaters. My daughter ordered chicken strips off of the kids menu and when they brought them to the table they looked scrumptious so I had to take a bite. When I took the first bite I was again shocked how delicious they were. They did not taste frozen where a cook would just grab them from the freezer and throw them in the fryer but it was the opposite where the batter tasted like it was just made. This place is kind of small and how packed it gets it seems like you have to go through an obstacle just to go to the bathroom or leave. Sushi Creek is a family friendly restaurant but also can be perfect for a romantic dinner date. Over all I made this place as one of my regular hot spot I like to go when I dine out.
4	The sushi here its great and the intimate ambiance makes this place a  place to go with the wife. We tried a few of their specialty rolls as well as some of their traditional roils, it was all great!
3	We found the food to be good.  This place is a very small restaurant and clean.  Casual dining.  The food is slow but the service is good.
5	Had a really great food and drinks.  Menu has lots of variety and the atmosphere is casual.  The staff was helpful and knowledgeble.  Will definately go back!
5	I . . . love . . . this place! I have been going here for years for fabulous sushi and great service. The talented chefs and bartenders have been on deck pretty much since the doors open, and they know the art of preparation. The slices on the sashimi combo (tuna, salmon, octopus) are fresh, substantial and delicious. The sake selection is refreshing, as is the complimentary edamame with sea salt. For those of you who don't like it in the raw, the I Hate Sushi menu is a witty mix of cooked options sure to delight. I recommend the soft shell crab, seasoned squid salad, Gunnar Roll and pepper seared spicy albacore.
4	It's been awhile since I ate here so this review isn't fresh in my mind.. but the size of the sushi rolls are still there.  I ordered 3 rolls cause I was starving and hadn't eaten any sushi for months and the rolls were HUGE!  Much larger than any other place I've been to and very yummy.  I will be back when in Queen Creek for sure!
4	Didn't think my dad could find us sushi in AZ that was fresh. Hello, where is the ocean? Back home. There wasn't a fishy thing we ordered. Everything tasted light and fresh. The salmon nigiri was sweet and buttery. The bartender, Tyrone, was very hospitable and friendly. I would definitely go back.
1	The food was really great, we sat at the bar and after we were finished with our sushi we watched one of the sushi chefs pick his nose... Oh yes. Not only did he not wear gloves, not only did he pick his nose... but after he picked his nose he rolled whatever was in his fingers into the palm of his hand and looked at it!!! When he was done picking his nose he stuck his hand in the steamed rice cooker, and went on to prepare more sushi. We had ordered two more rolls before witnessing this, so we asked our waiter for a to go box, the box and its contents were left on the chairs outside.         Upon our arrival to Sushi Creek we sat at the bar for at least 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged our presence. The Nose Picker stood behind the bar drinking his coffee flavored Monsters beverage, and glanced at us a few times. Our waiter finally came around, he was very nice and somewhat attentive. The (Japanese?) woman sushi chef, wore gloves and changed them often, she was also very nice. (It's not so much the not wearing gloves that bothers me about The Nose Picker, you could not wear gloves and wash frequently. Just don't pick your nose and the prepare food!!!). The hostess and at least 4 other waitresses spent the majority of their time talking to a regular customer about some girl being punched in the face and about how the other waitress got dumped a day after her birthday and was pissed about it. The entire time we were there, the really old waitress with the auburn-ish colored hair, with an iphone with a blue cover; did not wait on another customer while we were there... for an hour and a half she just stood in front of this old guy, that was it! Another annoyance that really started to bother us after The Nose Picker incident was that the old guys phone (which was on the bar) kept vibrating. This wouldn't have mattered so much, however the vibration was so powerful that by the end of the short time we were there we so fed up. We were sitting more than 6ft away and could hear the entire conversation with the waitresses, including watching several other staff walk in from the back to 'hang out'. Then we watch the woman sushi chef eat her dinner behind the bar as well as other staff eat their dinner.         The food is good, until we saw the extra ingredients that weren't on the menu being added. Service was poor. We will not be dining here again.
5	The sushi here is super awesome.  Sushi creek has the freshest, best quality ingredients of any sushi place I've been to in Arizona.  No REALLY, its noticeable how good and fresh the seafood and greens are in this place.   Why oh why does this place have to be all the way in Queen Creek?  Best sushi place ever!!!!!!   The rolls are a little expensive, but the servings are large (about twice the size of a normal  8 Pc roll).  The drinks are also good, with plenty of nice bar choices.  I had the Lollipop roll and the spicy tuna with garlic roll.  The lollipop roll was especially good.  I can't wait to go back.  All the drink and food specials sounded really great....My meal also came with fresh edamomi and  a nice miso soup.
1	The Tuna Nigiri was good.  And it only took 1 hour to get it.  The place was packed on a sat eve so slow food wasn't surprising.  What was surprising was the steamed rice being served 40 minutes before my sushi???  My husband ordered chicken sliders from the I hate sushi menu and he got his food in about 20 minutes.  He was unimpressed.  Very dry.Where I am from, when you sit at the bar in a sushi restaurant, you are treated like vip's.  At Sushi Creek, apparently you are anything but.  Our original waiter was quit good but unfortunately he left after 10 minutes and his replacement was horrid.  In the remaining hour we were there his only interaction with us was to take our money.We will give this place one more try after the irritation wears off and definitely NOT on a weekend.  Everyone deserves a second chance.   I sincerely hope I can write a far better review.
4	I almost didn't dine here because of the (few) bad reviews.  I'm so glad my bf made me take a chance despite what I had read.  It was outstanding and I couldn't agree more with Sarah I.'s review.  Don't be swayed by some of the unmentionable things people have written about this sushi restaurant.  The food was great (I don't know what people were talking about - my rolls were super tight), and the service was great (I didn't even set down my purse before edamame were placed in front of us and the place was packed!).  Yes, it's pricey, but the rolls are double the size of what I normally get at other sushi restaurants.   Well worth every penny.
2	My score could go lower or higher, so think of the 2 stars as an average. I've been to Sushi Creek several times now and there have been good experiences along with some bad.  The service is slow & clunky at best.  I'd much rather go to Kona @ San Tan.
5	Been going to Sushi Creek for at least a year now, and very frequently (at least once a month). Every time we have gone, the food has been fantastic. The fish is always fresh, portions are large (not just a sliver of nigiri on a lump of rice), and the staff is always friendly. Prices are a little high for the area, but they have a great happy hour 2-6 Monday through Saturday, all day Sunday. Best sushi in the SE valley for sure!
5	Getting a 5 star rating out of me for a sushi joint is no easy feat. I am very particular about freshness, taste, atmosphere, staff, selection, execution, presentation etc. I pretty much scrutinize every last detail. I snag sushi groupons whenever I see them to save a buck and search for an awesome sushi spot at the same time. This place I can confidently call a jewel sushi joint in Arizona! Excellent sushi rolls, sashimi and equally friendly wait staff. We sat the the bar which I don't always do because it is hit or miss as to if you will have an attentive waiter or preoccupied bartender. Well we got the mellow, attentive, fantastic bartender, who is an absolute asset to the establishment (and no I had never met him until tonight, for those of you thinking I'm a kind hearted friend) you always know if a place will be worth your while by the flavor of the miso soup, but hot damn this miso was a full bowl with hearty tofu, seaweed, scallions and robust flavor! Great start to the fantastic sushi that followed. This place is worth a trip out there, I live in Scottsdale and this place is a 35-45 minute drive and it is worth the trip. The ONLY complaint or suggestion I might give them is to remove the addition of cream cheese to all of the sig rolls, to me personally a menu riddled with cream cheese says that you are unable to successfully combine the texture and flavor of the raw ingredients you are working with to achieve a seamlessly tasteful end product, possibly with an accent sauce that does not over power. That's it in a nutshell, thank you for great service and fantastic sushi!
4	Good food, fresh sushi. Service was fine when I went. I like that they have an "I hate sushi" menu for my husband.
2	Service was pretty good. Very nice waiter. But the sushi was way over priced. I expected the greatest sushi ever for the price, but it was nothing special.
5	Visited too many times to count.  How is it that I have never written a review???I love this place.  Sushi in Queen Creek!!!I have not had a bad experience of bad taste yet.  I always try to go during Happy Hour times only because they have some nice priced menu options.  Recently though, they changed their menu and removed probably their best item, Jalapeno Tempura.  Spicy Tuna in a halved jalapeno and tempura fried.  I still order it even if it is at full price. Good drink offers.  Close to home and fresh taste. It ranks up their with many of the Sushi places I have been too!!!  And I have been to many!!
4	Ricki Lake and Sushi CreekBy The RueOut with my oldest son, Looking for something to eat,Ran a couple of errands,And stopped at Sushi Creek.He's had sushi before,But he's only tried it once,It was at a Chinese buffet,Don't be such a dunce.Happy hour all day Sunday,You can pick and choose,We got a roll off that menu,Here you cannot lose.Shrimp tempura and pot stickers,We also got a specialty roll,Something called the AK-47,Soy and wasabi in our bowl.Only complaint this time around,2 of our rolls weren't rolled very tight,It's hardly a complaint at all,I'd still eat here day and night.The wait seemed to be a while,We were here in the afternoon,It didn't bother me much,I'll be coming back again soon.Misti our waitress was very cute,30% tip is what she got,Always kept our drinks refilled,The other waitress was also hot.So Misti if you're reading this,I apologize for the thirty percent,Here's my number I'll make it up,Make out session at your expense. H To The Hizzle
4	The food was good, the service was attentive, and it was a nice atmosphere.people in some of these reviews complain about the price being high.well, its a little more we noticed but we ordered five different rolls and they were twice the size of a normal roll.thumbs up!
4	I love sushi creek. It's a little whole in the wall that most people pass up, but it's really good never the less. If you eat like me and like a few beers with your sushi it can be a bit pricey. Hit up the happy hour to solve that and you are golden. It's the only place in the creek that I've been to, but I could probably say with confidence it's the best in Queen Creek.
3	The sushi here is good but they could work on rolling tighter..I'm not great with chop sticks so I need a tight roll that won't fall apart. This is a good place considering where we live. I've dined here numerous times, but if you stray off the sushi menu it's not that great. My daughter is a " I hate sushi" menu troller but she leans toward the American dishes and loves the fries. The pot stickers are my favorite and so is the desert menu. Worth going in if you don't want to drive to town. And the bar is great if you want some saki and some rolls. Atmosphere is cute but not good for large groups.
5	This place is surprisingly good. Quaint, nice lighting, quality and creativity of rolls is really quite good, especially for way out in queen creek. The nigiri could be better. One great bonus is the "I hate sushi" menu; the burgers and especially the fries: yum. Servers are nice always. I recommend this place for sushi lovers, especially if you don't want to fight the crowds in phoenix, ahwatukee, etc.
4	Recent visit on Sunday 8/12/12.It is Happy Hour all day on Sunday.  So this is a great option. Discounted nigiri tuna and some limited rolls. But this weekend, have a small complaint....When we arrived a little before Noon there were three tables.  During our time, it was up to 7 tables.  Food came out very slow.  The waitress was clearly overwhelmed and I had to waive her down several times for things, including to order a second beer.  Now, above all else, do you not always make sure the alcohol orders are taken care of??One sushi chef. Friend ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish.  Chicken was cold by the time it arrived so it is clear that it sat for a while before making its way to the table. Now, this is the first time I have made it to Sunday Happy Hour.  Usually, I am there Friday nights.  It is packed. Lots of wait staff and chefs.  Food comes out quick. Alcohol quicker.  Hopefully this is just a fluke day. I love this place. Close to home. Good sushi...  Owner, if you read these reviews, please take note!!!
2	We had a weird experience here. We were looking forward to trying the food based on the good reviews. When we came in, they said seat yourself. So we decided to sit at the bar area. The bartender came and gave us menus and then almost immediately asked for our drink orders, but I hadn't had any time to look at the menu (it was Sunday, so they have all day happy hour). Well I guess that was the kiss of death with our bartender because he literally never returned to us. So we eventually moved down to the dining table area so that we could get service. I made eye contact with the waitress several times but she was I guess working a different section and never approached us. Then finally, our waitress stopped and asked if we were ok. By this time we had been there 30 minutes already and no one had even taken a drink order. So we placed an order. But then my husband and I just decided that the whole thing was odd and uncomfortable and we didn't feel welcome. So we grabbed the other waitress and asked them to cancel our order. She asked why we wanted to leave and offered to comp our meals. But we just felt uncomfortable, so we left. It seems like a local hangout, so you probably get good service if you are from QC and a regular. Or maybe we were just unlucky. But we weren't able to try it out. Not a great experience though, I've never left a restaurant like that before.Also, the menu was weird too.  Most japanese places have a menu section that has other japanese foods that aren't sushi (like chirasu and teriyaki, etc.).  Not this place.  They have the paper sheet that you tick off the sushi or whatever that you want on that.  But beyond that, their actual menu has drinks, appetizers and then the "I hate sushi" menu that has burgers and stuff on it.  It seemed funny at first.  Except that if I go to a Japanese place, I probably want sushi.  So really, their menu is pretty limited.
4	I am not a sushi fan at all, but a friend introduced me to the "I hate Sushi" menu which had a lot to offer.  Misty was our server, she was very polite and professional. I had the Hawaii Burger with Bacon and a side of steamed veggies instead of fries. Veggies were fantastic and the burger, cooked M, tasted fantastic. My only issue keeping it from being a 5 star review is for the price the burger was kind of small and the bacon was about as thin as the check paper was. But overall tasted excellent and I would go again.
5	I am addicted to the Fish Tacos! Everything I'v had here is great. I'm so glad we have such a great restaurant here in Queen Creek
4	I recently moved to Arizona all the way from the east coast so I was a bit sad to have to find where to eat and whatnot.I am glad I stumbled upon Sushi Creek (it wasn't in my original search online of restaurants but when I searched again I happened to see it in the mix).I was pleasantly surprized to find that this place could be my new favorite sushi place.Sushi rolls weren't perfectly made but still tasted good nonetheless.Some of the sushi rolls were not as tightly rolled.When we got them some of the ones where the end should be straight cut had some loose fish hanging out where it shouldn't.But bottomline is that it tastes good and heck who cares what it looks like, it's going in my stomach anyway.Only other thing was that when misty was giving me and my husband refills, she gave me water instead of sierra mist so I actually ended up spitting it out because I was caught off guard drinking a mixture of water and sierra mist that was already in the cup.But hey, we are not perfect and in situations like this, with the entire staff being friendly, I didn't let it bother me.  Any other place with staff that are rude or uncaring, I would have made it a point for them to fix it.Oh and one more thing was that a woman came in claiming her daughter has brain cancer and asking all the patrons to purchase her bead jewelry.   I think that this is something that should be prevented in the future since it makes patrons like myself uncomfortable.  I ended up spending money on something I really didn't want to because she was in my face and everyone elses with her story and giving me a guilty vibe.  I first tried to be nice and told her i dont carry cash or check and she immediately said that she takes cards... GRRRR now i don't have any choice but to buy and i had to buy 2 since i had 2 girls with me...This is something i do not want to see in the future anywhere I go for a time away from home for a special occasion.Now that the cons which aren't much of cons are out of the way, here are some of the Pros:Friendly and attentive staff who try to make sure you are happy and being helped.I walked in with my girls and it was refreshing to find that the staff, even though they weren't my waitress would offer various items like crayons and paper for the girls to color, a separate kid's menu, and just general offers of anything I may need.  That is something that many place lack and it doesn't matter how good their food may be... I wouldn't return.  Here... with such friendly and helpful staff I would definitely return.
1	The worst. God forbid you order off of the happy hour menu. Everything is prerolled precut and if you order it any of the burgers they are pre-frozen patties.This place is truly awful. The only sushi place within 6 miles and they are taking huge advantage of it. $10.75 for that tiny Vegas Roll? Really?? The eel sauce ha been sitting on it so long it was DRY!
4	I will admit that I am fairly new to sushi so my frame of reference for "good sushi" is somewhat limited; however, I do understand freshness and quality and Sushi Creek nails it, consistently.My absolute favorite is the tuna nigiri. Melt-in-your-mouth tender and delicious, a must-try with the snapper a close second.  If your a fan of rolls then the Spicy Scallop Roll is a good one to try here.  There are plenty of choices for those who don't eat sushi too.  Decent burgers, flavorful teriyaki as well as a selection from the daily specials board.Service on weekend days can be a tad slow at times, but the atmosphere is casual and comfortable and you never feel rushed.
2	ok sushi. very high prices. sometimes good service other times horrible. I'll stick to sakana in mesa.
4	Great sushi, but get here early on Friday if you want to take advantage of happy hour pricing.Here on 02/08/13 with BF and his sister. Along with our perennial favorites, tuna nigiri and the jalapeno tempura roll, we ordered the The Nutty Professor roll with spicy tuna, avocado, cucumber topped with macadamia nuts.  Very fresh and flavorful and the nuts added a nice crunch to the texture of the roll.  Also tried a sampler platter of sashimi which included octopus, salmon, eel, yellow-tail, red snapper, crab and shrimp.  As usual, all very fresh and good. Keep up the good work Sushi Creek!
4	Love this place. I have been going  here for years and it is consistently great. Sit at the bar for best service.  Talk to Tyrone he is awesome.
4	Good wine, great sushi, and the I-Hate-Sushi menu is actually too notch as well. Can't be beat for QC.
1	This has to be some of the worst sushi and burgers I have had in a very long time.Sushi was loaded with rice and not very flavorful.  Burger tasted like a frozen patty and again lacked character and flavor
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOOOOOOVE THIS SPOT!!! This place converted me to sushi. Always been a seafood lover and foodie, but was a little nervous about sushi...especially in the middle of a desert small town like Queen Creek. I mean, how can they have fresh seafood for sushi out here right?? How wrong I was. Excellent quality and freshness!! Impressive depth of the menu...it's HUGE! Staff is awesome! They took the time to essentially walk me through "Sushi 101" and explain the entire menu so I knew exactly what I was ordering. They were friendly, fun and seemed to genuinely like their job which makes a HUGE difference.I have a son who is VERY picky about his food and their "I Hate Sushi" menu is excellent. He has ordered a number of different things over the last year and he has never once complained about their food. THAT is a feat in itself! :)  I have been over a dozen times since and NEVER been disappointed...except when I got there too late to get their Happy Hour Pricing...my mistake, not theirs. Awesome decor...T.V.'s for the games...full bar...couldn't recommend this place more highly!Go and Enjoy! :)
4	Always a good choice. Great happy hour and fresh fish. Enjoy QC this may be one of your best establishments.
5	The best.
4	Even though the name is kind of ironic. (I wouldn't eat sushi out of a creek.) I know it plays off the the name of the city its in. And its tucked away into an almost hidden location, it was packed on a Saturday afternoon.I was pretty impressed. Interesting decor. Clean, very attentive staff, and and extended menu for people that don't like sushi. I ordered a Vegas roll. With a side of sirracha. And was poetry impressed.I was a little bummed because we missed the happy hr menu by 5 minutes and ether was no convincing the staff to let us in on it. But oh well. Would have done five stars if they would have.
1	We went because I had a Groupon, that I will now not be able to use because we won't be going back. I cannot imagine anything being "fresh" with the name Sushi Creek. Though I can see the appeal of having a non sushi menu, the menu and decor create something of an identity crisis. All I could do was imagine "Kitchen Nightmares" making an appearance. The seafood was rubbery and tasted like it was prepared with the hamburgers. If this restaurant was in a bigger city, it wouldn't last a week.  If you don't live in Queen Creek, don't waste your time driving there! Thankfully we went on a Sunday so we didn't overspend on bar food.
4	Still remains a go to place for my sushi fix!! Happy Hour times are still best time. Great way to end the week!!
3	If we were rating just the sushi, I would give it 5 stars.  The problem with the restaurant is the layout and the staff.  The place is very small and consists of large booths, round tables, and a bar.  If you come in with a party of 4 or more, you will have to put the round tables together. It is very awkward for your party as well as the tables near you.The staff is friendly, but untrained.  We have been in 10 or more times. Each time with at least 8 people. The staff looks frazzled when they see the large party.  We've even seen them argue about where to put us. With that said, I'll still keep eating there because the food is really good AND if you go on Sunday and get in on the Happy Hour prices, you can't beat the value!
4	Not bad for local sushi. The Lion King roll is delicious. The rice is sometimes not fresh and comes out hard, but I think it just depends on when you go. It's a decent enough place if you know what to order. And it has stuff for people who don't like sushi too :)
4	Sushi Creek is consistently good. Misty recommended stuffed mushrooms deep fried in tempura. These are a celebration of goodness in your mouth.  We typically get nigiri from the awesome happy hour menu. Lunch has the bento boxes which are a pretty good deal.
4	Not bad, especially for middle of nowhere, Arizona.  Will be back regularly.  Definitely recommend.
4	I am updating my review (see old review below).  I am still tempted to give them 3 stars, but I will give them 4 today.  I have been back a few times lately.  They fixed their fries, they are now basic thin fries with no seasoning.  They aren't great, but they are better without the seasoning they used to pile on. I like this change.  What I do not like is that they are now using a pretzel bun for their burger.  UGH!  The old buns were great and made an amazing burger.  The pretzel buns are overpowering.  Keep it simple people.  Regardless, everything else is the same.  Ok place.  Better if you like sushi.  Happy hour is still the best time to go.(3 stars) I think my wife would rate the Sushi 4 stars and say they are the best in QC, but they are expensive.  I don't like sushi so end up ordering from the "I Hate Sushi Menu".  They seems to strive to offer non-shushi options, but those options are really not very good.  The burger is good, but expensive.  The fries are overseasoned, and thats about it.  The other non-sushi options are not very good, or not very appealing to non-sushi eaters.  That said, this place is popular and ussually busy, they are nice and the service is good.  They are just expensive and if you don't like sushi, then you only have 1 reasonable option, thats the overpriced burger.  They have a happy hour where the prices are very good, but you can't order to go.
3	The customer service was great! The sushi taste and quality was pretty comparable to a lot of other places I have been to. Happy hour prices are good. I wish there was a little bit more selection for sushi on the happy hour menu. Overall, I am pleased. I'll come back if I am ever in need to just a quick roll of sushi.
4	Food is great, but plan on a wait. They are not the best at keeping track of seating.
5	Who would've thought you could get bomb sushi in queen creek!!!! The salmon is so fresh, all of it off. Service is fantastic and food is amazing...what more could you ask for
3	This is def a great sushi/ happy hour place . Try the poppers. We would come here more often if the bartender did not ignore us and seem to not want to be there. The bartender took our order after we ordered one thing ran to the computer like he was in a hurry and we still had not ordered the rest of our dinner. Other then that food is awesome :)
4	Yes, I am a fan! What a nice surprise in Queen Creek! I had heard whispers of terrific sushi restaurant in QC and didn't believe it but it kept popping up on Yelp when I was in the area so we decided to visit. It's tucked into a half filled strip mall - I almost walked into the nail salon thinking it was the entrance to the restaurant. We walked in and immediately loved the atmosphere huge bar with both drinks and seating for sushi. We were told to sit anywhere and scanning the room there were only really big tables and a two top by the door. We chose the two top for a minute and quickly decided it was too awkward and moved to a four top in the back. We got there at 1:20 on a Saturday and happy hour started at 2pm, bummer. They were very busy the Saturday before Christmas and the waitress mentioned they hadn't counted on being so busy and apologized for the slower service. We were fine enjoying a relaxed afternoon. We ordered a sake bomber and she brought a small bowl of edamame with it. Yum. We looked over the order sheet and proceeded to order way too much food. Two types of tuna, unagi, and three types of rolls, spicy tuna, spider and a spicy roll with garlic on top. Everything was great but my favorite was the fresh fish and the spider roll. We ordered another large beer and had a bill reflective of our large lunch: $75! But it was the holidays and we ordered far too much. We thoroughly enjoyed the meal and will be back. I could give it a 5 but that's so hard to do.
5	Who knew the Queen Creek had such a jem.  Good fresh fish, with an expansive selection of creative rolls.  I like to stick to the classics.    Hands down the best spider roll I ever had.  Fresh wasabi is a nice touch.  Very enjoyable meal.
4	Still a great sushi place.  The lollipop roll is fresh and overall awesome and the vegetable tempura is done right ( and a large portion).  Ranking all the sushi places I've been to in Arizona,  this place is an easy second place (right behind Osaka on power in Mesa)
3	Came here on a busy Saturday afternoon with my sister. We didn't see anyone to come over and seat us so we saw an open booth in the back of the restaurant so we made our way over to seat ourselves. The restaurant was probably about half full but definitely not crazy busy. Our waitress came over after about ten minutes of us being seated. She seemed very frazzled and like she was extremely busy. It seemed as though it was just her and one other gentleman who were working the floor. I think that they may be a little short staffed from the looks of it, either that or she was new and was just having a difficult time with multiple tables. I try to give people the benefit of the doubt so, I will chalk it up to one of those two things.We decided to order a lava roll, a dynamite roll and a las vegas roll as well as an order of stuffed mushrooms. It took about thirty minutes for our food to come out and the mushrooms came out first. They were pretty good. Not great, but not bad. They were pretty big and tempura battered and stuffed with crab and a cream cheese type of stuffing with green onions on top. For me, they had a little but too much cheese but my sister loved them. The rolls came out next and I started off with the lava roll. It was just okay and I felt the same about the dynamite and las vegas rolls. Out of the three, the las vegas roll was my favorite but it lacked something in general. For me, all of the sushi was just okay. It didn't taste super fresh and it just seemed a little lacking in flavor. Our waitress forgot to refill our drinks until we were about five minutes from leaving and didn't bring out the sriacha I had asked for until I was more than half way done with my meal. But, like I said before, I will give her the benefit of the doubt. She was very friendly and she seemed like she was trying to do her best.Overall I had just and okay experience here. It is nice to have a sushi option in Queen Creek and I might give them another shot while I am in this area. Maybe we just came on an off day. Not sure but it's worth another try in the future. Overall, okay experience.
2	Food is great!! Service isn't even decent (much less good), but the food makes up for it. Go during Happy Hour on a week day to get the best prices.
5	Have been going there for a couple of years now. The first couple of times we went there and was seated at the tables the service was dismal. The food was good and that that kept us coming back. We now sit at the bar and are waited on by the bartenders Marcus and Tyrone. They take care of us and are very entertaining and attentive. Also they are movie enthusiasts!
5	Im a fan of SUSHI CREEK been going since its opened!  My kids and I go as much as we can when we have cravings of sushi. Staff is awesome and even when we do to go, they always are ready for me when I get there.  Great job keep up the great work!
5	Went there this evening with the hubs.... it ROCKED!!!  Everything about this place from the service to the food to the ambiance was perfection.  It is a small place but packs a BIG punch!  I can't wait to go again and try some different rolls.  BTW, this place also has an "I hate sushi" menu which cracked me up, but that is nice that they cater to sushi lovers and non sushi lovers.  I might just have to get me a burger then next time I go.
3	The food here is amazing! It really is a great find and the sushi tastes awesome.... With that... The service is horrible! We come pretty often, but the service is never the best. You come here for the food.I have spent way too much time waiting for someone to take my order or waiting forever to get a refill for my drink. I have never felt as ignored in a restaurant where the bus boy is better than the actual server who is too busy talking in the back room or just keep walking by your table to check in.
5	Such a great atmosphere, friendly staff and a wide variety of sushi/non sushi. Such a great surprise, can't wait to go back again!
5	Very good sushi for being in queen creek, Arizona! The service has gotten better too, the first few times all the waitresses seemed bitchy and like they hated their jobs. Now everyone in there seems like they work we'll together. New management? Love coming here now when I have the extra cash!
4	New to the area from California and we were in the mood for sushi. Figured we had to head out to Tempe to find anything of reasonable quality, however, I was certainly mistaken. Saw this place on Yelp had four stars so we gave it a shot.On a Saturday late afternoon @ 5:30 the place had a bustling crowd but still a few tables available. We were warmly greeted, shown to a table, and presented with a menu that awesomely still had happy hour selections available. I was surprised, and then even more surprised to find that just about everything we wanted was on happy hour special. A tall Sapporo, 14 pieces of Nigiri sushi and three rolls later we were completely satisfied. The salmon and yellowtail were fresh and flavorful, the Ebi likewise, and the spicy tuna, shrimp tempura and California rolls were high quality. Refills on sodas were served without having to even ask, and everything service related was done with courtesy, respect and a smile. Great job!
4	Sushi in Queen Creek - been there, done that!Very nice lunch menu, good service (server laughed at my jokes and threw in a couple of her own - bravo!).  Fresh tasting, nicely presented, palatable prices.  Server didn't blink when I asked for extra wasabi and ginger........twice......Pleasantly surprised to find this nice little place out in the middle of nowhere.  Will return if I ever get detoured through Queen Creek on the way to somewhere else.
5	This is my go to sushi place!  The service is always friendly and the sushi is phenomenal! I highly recommend this place to anybody. They also have an "I hate sushi" menu for friends that are not sushi fanatics. The only criticism is that I wish the prices were cheaper. Expect an average of $11 a roll.
1	There haven't been very many times that I've been to a restaurant where the customer service is so suspect that it actually manages to damper the quality of the good. When we were seated the hostess and waitress both explained to us that the prices were discounted for happy hour. We ended up ordering a spicy tuna roll, an eel roll, and a Vegas roll, along with plum wine. The food and wine was phenomenal. The check afterwards? Not so much. We essentially had a bait and switch pulled and the waitress explained that she only meant a very specific portion of the menu was at a happy hour price, which isn't was was explained earlier. Although the food is great I can't say I'd give my patronage to a restaurant that is so dismissive of first time customers that it results in said customers paying $40 more than anticipated. I probably won't be back here
3	I am very "up in the air" with this place, the few times I have gone were mediocre. The very first time I went it was fantastic, great service, amazing sushi. The second time we went in the evening, it was awful, bad service..we didnt even get our food for almost an hour and when they finally did start bringing out the food...it was in parts, they brought some our friends food...and nobody else's, so some of us had food and some of us didnt, and they didnt even bring one individuals food out at all that we came with, we had to order it again...and when she finally got the dish, it was not good, and we sent it back and finally left, not wanting to come back.
4	I love nearly everything about Sushi Creek.  I'm not a big fan of Sushi in general but theirs is wonderful and very fresh.  The other menu items I've had have been 4 out of 5 stars, with the only disappointment being their hamburgers, they are dry and tasteless.  The BLT rocks, and so does the Fish and Chips.  They are always very helpful when I call for a quick takeout order, but beware - the Service from Waitstaff is really hit or miss.  Several times the service has been fine, but about 25% of the time it's IMPOSSIBLE to get attention, a drink refill, mayo, a fork, or napkins without nearly tripping up a waitress or begging a busboy to help.  I have seen them standing in the back, chatting up each other or patrons and basically neglecting their tables.  Other than that, the food here ROCKS and the prices are reasonable for the amount of food served.  I give it 4 out of 5 stars because the only improvement I can find is to get better Waitstaff and better hamburgers.
3	Like it, but was not super impressed. Not the freshest sushi around. But overall was satisfactory considering the demographic.
4	Nothing bad to say really it's a nice atmosphere, the waitress was friendly and wasn't all over us but wasn't stand offish. The happy hour is only 3-6 Tuesday through Saturday and all day Sunday. Sushi was a little over priced but not to bad, it's he only one in the immediate queen creek area. Overall it was nice I definitely need to come back and try their sushi but for now it was quite pleasant(:
5	By far my favorite sushi in all of Phoenix.  High quality fish, mixed with a good atmosphere.  The proper mix of rice, veggies, and protein in the rolls.   They get very inventive with the specialty rolls and will accommodate anything you ask.   My wife doesn't always love sushi, so they have an "I hate sushi menu" that anyone can order off of.  Good happy hour deals and a staff that's been very long standing.   Anybody looking for great sushi should search out this little hidden gem.
4	Great food, great atmosphere! I always enjoy coming here with the fiance. The ONLY complaint I have is that the hostess is very unprofessional and inexperienced to work for a restaurant of this caliber. Rather than seat us, or anyone for that matter, she simply points and says, "you can just sit over there". Not the level of service this place deserves. Other than that I LOVE this restaurant.
5	Great food! Great happy hour deals! My fav sushi place in the Phoenix area.  Hands down!!!!!
4	They have unique twist to some of there dishes that makes them stand out form the rest. Wether I enjoy them or not- I still can't tell. If you are in the mood for sushi, give this place a try. (Not much else in this area)
4	Glad we have a sushi place like this in the area. Food has been fantastic every time. Only thing I would change is for service to be more prompt. We went on a non-busy night and waitress took a bit to finally get to us and get a drink. It was made up for when the bartender asked if we had been helped yet and tried to get someone for us... He had his hands full working the bar, but at least he tried getting us some service.
5	Food and service was excellent.   Arrived early to check out their happy hour specials.  They had a good variety of specials.  We tried the shrimp tempura, elite and heart attack rolls.  The rolls were big and delicious.  We also had the crab Rangoon egg rolls and veggie tempura.  These were both excellent as well and good sized portions!This was a great place for sushi!
3	The food is great! I am giving three stars because I do recommend sushi creek due to how good their food is... Although, I have had the same server the last two times I have gone and she is awful. She is decent about refilling our drinks but never offered to help us out with ordering or asked if we have any questions.! She didn't even introduce herself or even say HI!!!! She literally came up to us and asked what we wanted to drink. I didn't think anything of it the first time she gave us bad service because I was a server at a sushi restuarant for a long time so I understand what it is like to have bad days! But dang the second time I just thought it's pure laziness on her part. She didn't even ask if we wanted more sushi of dessert before she brought us out the check too.I do like sushi creek I just think the whole experience would be five stars without her. :)
2	We moved to the area a little less than a year ago and love sushi so we found this place. It's literally right down the street from us. We've only done takeout and had a great experience at first. Lately when we've called they else don't answer and we get a voicemail, tell us it's over a two hr wait or completely refuse to even take our order if it's takeout. There is one guy there that is very nice and apologetic when he can't except a takeout order but we've had someone else that has been rude about it. I understand places get busy, I've worked as a waitress before but don't take your frustrations out on a customer. I don't understand refusing takeout orders either?? I guess we'll just have to drive further to get good service. It's too bad because they do actually have good sushi and we like to support local businesses but they don't seem to care to have ours.
3	I feel bad About not giving this place 5 stars like everyone else but I just can't. The food was good, but they didn't have exactly what I was looking for. I ordered spicy tuna roll and crunchy California...they were good, nothing spectacular. The thing that was a real let down was their cucumber salad :( I'm used to sunomano salad having mainly cucumbers, some seaweed and vinegar. Theirs is 97% seaweed, I was drowning in it! And about 6-10 small slices of cucumber...major bummer! For the amount I spent I can say I won't be running back. I guess sushi house and RA are the places for me
5	Amazing sushi. They even have a I hate sushi menu for those with issues eating raw fish. Their service has been great each time. One Friday night was slow but never had that problem a second time. Their rolls are fresh and delicious. I love this place and go whenever I want to treat myself.
5	Happy hour fried pickles are the best... Not Sushi- but so yummy! Tyrone is not only a great bartender... but ask him anything about game of thrones! Doesn't hurt that they have signature Pints for Beer (Go Blue!!). Try a roll with jalapeno... or gyoza perfectly cooked. Thanks for the good eats!
3	Wasn't super impressed by our server. Still don't know her name, but the sashimi was VERY good. Based on service I can't see myself ever making this trip again. My girlfriends loved their rolls. So based on food I'd say yes. Based on service I'd pass. Wait. I did get her name. Heidi. She was NOT impressive at ALL and being a new person and unfamiliar with the menu....she was the least bit helpful. Nope.
2	If this review was based on food only, it would be 5 stars. The food is awesome...when you get it. Service is horrible. Orders don't make it back to the kitchen or get lost (these are actual things we've been told). It doesn't matter if the restaurant is slammed or if there is only a few customers, the service is the same. We took friends from out of town to Sushi Creek a few weeks ago. There were 4 of us. We waited over an hour for our food and only 3 of us received our plates. Excuse after excuse and 25 minutes later our friend finally got his dinner. The manager did take his meal off and gave a 15% discount. Such a ashamed that had to happen.Our family went again today. Only about 4 or 5 tables occupied in the restaurant around 3:30pm. Once again our order didn't make it to the kitchen. Appetizers came out with meals. Half of my daughters food was dumped on the table and the waitress acted like nothing happened; half her meal wasted. No sense in complaining to management about the service. It doesn't seem a priority. This place could really be great if their staff got their act together. If you want really good food and are extremely patient, go to Sushi Creek.
4	Pleasant surprise! We ran them through sashimi, rolls and salad, they did not miss a beat. The cold squid salad is a meal in itself. Table service a click slow for a weekday other than that, high marks.
4	Awesome little sushi place in queen creek. Friendly staff , food is good. Happy hour is legit and an all day Sunday happy hour. Give a shot , can't go wrong
4	I've gone a few times now so it's become my Sushi restaurant of choice when I'm craving. Food is really good and the happy hour menu has enough items that you wont really miss the regularly priced stuff. The servers I've had have all been friendly and took care of anything I needed. Delicious!
5	best place to eat great service i love the food dont think ive had better sushi anywhere else this is my permanent place for sushi now on
4	Delightful! I did take out since I was dining solo. the atmosphere was comfortable for a Wednesday night while I waited so I really could have stayed. I had a specialty roll which was a fabulous combination of warm shrimp tempura, eel, and fresh tuna, white fish, avocado and tasty sauce. Then I just did one of the regular rolls. Portion sizes are perfect. For take out, presentation is good. Service was great. I think price is about $1 over on specialty in comparison and maybe $1 or so over on the basic like Philadelphia or spicy tuna. But again, it's queen creek and getting fresh fish over there may not be an easy feat. Bartender was friendly. And when I told others I had been there, they had already been there too and said "next time invite me!" So, I'll definitely go back.
4	Really good rolls and the Crab Rangoon Egg Rolls were excellent. My wife and I had 5 rolls, an appetizer and a beer each and only paid $50. We did come right before happy hour ended, which was great. We will definitely be coming back. We sat outside on a Friday night and the service was still adequate and the patio was small but ok. Inside was packed and didn't see much so I can't really comment on the atmosphere. We found our new sushi place by our new house now.
1	My girlfriend and I showed up at 7:25pm on a weekday night and placed our order for two rolls shortly after. We didn't receive our food until 8:15pm!  It shouldn't take 45 minutes to prepare two rolls. We had a table next to us that had sat down 20 minutes after we arrived. They brought out their food 15 minutes before ours and they had about 6 rolls. I wasn't happy to see some of the workers sitting at the tables talking to friends or family members when food is taking so long to bring out. At the time there was only one waitress working the entire dinning room floor. The food was average, but they lost me as a customer with the terrible service.
1	waited over an hour for my sushi at lunch.  my husbnad received his food after 30 minutes which seemed like a long time for a mostly empty restaurant.  Being the gentlemen he is, he waited for me to get my food before eating his.  By the time mine arrived his was cold.  We had to get back to work and after waiting an hour for all our food to be served, we didnt even get to eat it there.  Asked for to go boxes as soon as my sushi arrived and Was nearly late getting back to work.  Server was nice enough but infrequent drink refills and no apology for the severly long delay.  Will not be returning.
4	I don't go to many sushi places but I was referred to this one so my wife and I gave it a shot. We have been hooked since. Seems to be high quality well made sushi with many options. We love the vegas roll, crunch roll and lava roll. The atmosphere is nice but cramped. Big bar with a few TVs with sports on. The exterior windows are very tinted to it looks closed every time we go. Do be fooled. Glad to have this option in QC . Keep up the good work.
5	Best sushi around! We have been to all the "upscale" sushi places and always return to Sushi Creek!
