4	I stumbled upon this place on a Sunday night with friends from out of town because our destination (Downtown Cocktail Room) was closed.  We happened to walk into a magical setting of a lovely little piano bar with a pianist at a white baby grand and several opera singers (and a violinist) that all came up to the stage to perform individually.   The performances were intimate and exceptional.  I can't believe the culturally bereft town of Vegas had this amazing little bar.  We had 2-3 rounds of drinks and I told our group that this kind of place would only otherwise exist in NYC.  Lo and behold, the owners did (or continue to have) the same concept bar in Manhattan.  This bar is for open minded people that appreciate the arts and cocktails.  It might be branded as a gay bar (not sure) but our group was composed of two straight couples.  Wonderful place.
3	Nice little piano bar, I have heard about it's grand opening but only just recently visited it. My friend and I came to Don't Tell Mama to finish up the night previously having drinks at DCR. It was a Wednesday and about an hour to closing so only a few people int there. I don't know the lady's name, but she has short hair, she sang a great rendition of Waterfalls by TLC and also sang Melissa Etheridge Come to my Window with the most amazing voice I have heard at a bar. I only had a couple of Stella's which were 5 bucks each. I will have to go back and update this review but I definitely see the potential, maybe I will check it out next Saturday.
4	Ok, this bar is very fun. I like it alot. My only complaint is the drink prices are crazy. I mean $6 for a Corona. Its a great place to go but do all your drinking somewhere else before get there!!!
5	I LOVE this place. The staff is friendly and soooo talented. They take requests and are willing to learn songs if they don't already know them. We had a blast here, and I will definitely be back!
5	I love it.  I live on Freemont and Vegas Blvd, so I have tried them all.  This is absolutely the best.  All the staff are friendly and great singers.  The karaoke part is super fun.  I always get a martini and it is well priced and delicious.  The sunday classical is a really chill way to round out the weekend.
5	I went here on Saturday as this was the first stop on our bar hop adventure on Fremont, and I was not disappointed. My experiences with Fremont street thus far had been The Beauty Bar and The Griffin. To say that I wasn't a fan of Fremont Street was an understatement. The Griffin is basically the Blue Martini of hipsters, and Beauty Bar charges a cover to hang out with underage kiddies with fake ID's in a hole in the wall with music so loud that you can't think. Don't Tell Mama is the antithesis of that, it's filled with creative interesting people that are a tad eccentric. We walk in and are surprised to see a piano and a girl belting Take Me or Leave Me from Rent at the front of their mini stage. We both think, okay this is our kinda bar! I ordered a flavored vodka and sprite and Matt had a vodka cranberry, which came out to $13. So definitely not overpriced, you're crazy Matt. I think one of my favorite things about Don't Tell Mama was the fact that the bartenders are the singers. Yes, I got served my Stoli Blackberry and Sprite straight in the middle of  the bartender belting out a song on a wireless mic, AMAZ-ING. Sexual orientation shouldn't matter in a bar, but I will comment that it does have a heavily female vibe. If that bothers you, this probably isn't your place. The music of the night included a couple tunes from Cher, Elton John, Billy Joel, Rush, Rent, and TLC. There was even a patron who belted out some Georgia on my Mind by Ray Charles.Yes they are heavily karaoke, but trust me on this, it's done phenomenally well. Truth be told, no matter how much I like this place I question it's ability to have longevity. It caters to a completely different crowd, it's small, known as a lesbian bar, and is on Fremont Street. Only time will tell, but the plain skill of the people that work there is spectacular. I will definitely be back and hopefully the word gets out about this small, yet amazing piano bar.
2	Had I written this review last week, I would have given this place 4 stars.  It's a lot of fun, with a super talented staff who can harmonize and pour a drink at the same time. However, I went here last night and had a rather unpleasant experience.  First, we had a cocktail server that came by to bring our drinks, then was never seen again.  The place is TINY! Why even bother to have servers if they're not going to serve you? I've been perfectly content to walk the 3 steps to the bar in the past.  When it was clear she wasn't coming back (despite NOT being one of the featured singers), my friend went to the bar to close our tab.  The bartender then proceeded to try and double charge her!  It took about 10-15 min plus the intervention of another friend to get the bill straight.Maybe I'm a country bumpkin who doesn't know how the biz works, but scamming the customers by intentionally overcharging is ridiculous.  Especially if you're trying to scam people who only bought one round!!  I understand that there can be confusion sometimes and honest mistakes often occur.  This was not one of those times.  After this experience, I doubt I will be back.  That said, it can be a really fun place to go, especially with a group if you're already a little tipsy and feel like singing along! Just bring cash and pay by the drink!
3	Definitely a lot of talent working here.  However, I'm not a big fan of $4 cans of PBR, and $6 bottles of Guinness.
5	Hand's down one of my most favorite no-frills, have a good time, dont judge, and sing along spots in all of Las Vegas.Been here twice. Don't really remember the first time, but who cares. I went last night with some friends who were in town from Los Angeles. We just kind of stumbled in. No real agenda other than to have a good time.The moment we walked into the door, the bartender/singer Dre was in the middle of performing a Lady Gaga number (with wig and mask to boot). It was awesome!Drinks seemed stiff (40 days till my sobriety ends), staff was attentive.The piano player is super cool, and plays some fun songs. Bring someone here on a birthday and the birthday boy/girl will get a very saucy and awesome serenade from Dre.  This is definitely a very gay-friendly bar, so leave your robes and gavels at the door. Court is not in session, and you are not a judge. I like this place. I'd come back. Often. One last note...my friends from LA LOVED this place.
5	One of my favorite spots of all time! Whether there is a PACKED house (weekends/special events, especially First Friday) or just a few people chillin' (Big ups to my boy Jim!), this is one of the best spots in Vegas.The talented ladies (its all females, other than a few male pianists) are on point. They'll throw anything at you, from old showtunes to Lady Gaga (a KILLER!), and ANYTHING in between (including Mario Bros by Spudoni..soooo awesome (sp?))If you don't want the crazy crowds and fake ass people on the strip, or you want to see one of the best little-know spots(for a little while, anyway), hit this place up. I promise you won't regret it. And if all else fails, you got the Griffin, Beauty Bar, and the Colombian dudes selling hot dogs real close!That's word.
5	Don't Tell Mama, how do I love thee?I seriously cannot rave enough about this place! I think it is one of Las Vegas' best kept secrets. The bar is small with booths, bar seating, and several tables. The drinks are not the cheapest, but when you are being entertained by some of the most amazing voices you will ever hear live, you'll understand the surcharge.I don't really know why people are saying it's a "gay" bar. It's just a bar. Gay, straight, misfit, whatever. Who cares? It's a bar without pretense. I can stroll in wearing jeans and a t-shirt or I can rock a cute dress. It doesn't matter. It's a laid back atmosphere.The bar isn't overly smoky. It's clean. Usually when they are not busy, they will usher you to a seat and one of the talented bartenders is at your table in about a minute or two.The piano players are awesome. Robby or Spadoni. They have a huge repertoire of songs, the ad lib and make classics like "Piano Man" funny and crass. I think the piano players work on tips, be sure to tip them. They are playing and singing for hours!The only downfall of Don't Tell Mama and this goes for any bar on Fremont, is the parking situation stinks. And walking out of a bar at 1-2 AM by yourself in the sketchy area that is around Fremont isn't my favorite.If you want a low-key night, fine piano men, and to hear the most amazing voices, check out Don't Tell Mama. Fridays and Saturdays are the best nights and the place can get packed! Dre is my favorite bartender and her voice is addictive. I am surprised no one has mentioned this yet, but the bar is open mic. If you have an inkling to sing, then go ahead and do so. I've done it once, while I was under the influence. It's a bit intimidating because the bartenders voices are out of this world, or as I tell Dre, "You have the voice of an angel." But no matter how horrid you are, no one will laugh you off stage.When in doubt and you want to try a new place, Mama's is the place to be. Grab a couple of friends and come on down, sing along, and have a yabadabadoo time!
5	I discovered a little place called Don't Tell Mama back in April 2009, about a month after they opened their doors down on Freemont East.Let me tell you, it was love at first visit. This gem is packed full of talent - not to mention, that talent happens to be the same people pouring your drinks. There are plenty of places to sit - a good change from the neighboring bars - and I would suggest getting as close to the action (aka the piano) as possible.From The Beatles to Queen to Beyonce to the Little Mermaid's 'Part of Your World' - every song will make you want to sing along.When you go in, be sure to request Dre to do her renditions of Lady Gaga - you won't regret it.
1	Did not know it was a gay bar until I was eye fucked bye a 300 lb Samoan
4	This place is AWESOME.As we walked down Fremont wondering where to have a drink poured for us the pianist beckoned to us, literally, through the glass of the front windows, telling us to come on in and have a drink.The deal was sealed. Don't Tell Mama won the honor of serving us first on the train destined for hot mess-ville.The pianist was hilarious and really engaged the crowd. The crowd the night we were in was awesome and provided much amusement.The best part of the experience was the bar tenderess with the short dark hair wearing the Fedora and belting out the lyrics to Journey's Don't Stop Believin'. Absolutely adorable AND a great voice. She totally charmed me and I am as straight as they come.If I lived in Vegas, this would be my favorite bar; I'm sure of it!Now, be warned, this piano bar isn't for just anybody off the streets wanting to halfheartedly belt out some Billy Idol after 6 Vodka Tonics. I'd recommend only warming up your pipes at Don't Tell Mama if you know what the hell you are doing! This is not the place for the novice karaoke star, no sir.-1 star for the unimpressive table service. Just let your patrons get their drinks themselves, don't half ass the table service, it just makes the booze hounds angry.
4	Well, I took my own advice when I went back to DTM with a friend from out of town.... and I had a great time and no problems with the bill! So I'm bumping them up a notch or two.  Table service is still slow and unpredictable, but the place is just SO. MUCH. FUN!!!
3	I was excited to try this place after the good reviews on Yelp.  I enjoy piano bars.  We got there relatively early on a Friday night and the place was about half full.  The piano player was singing and playing 867-5309 Jenny by Tommy Tutone.  Great!  Something I can sing along to!I ordered a margarita, which was probably a mistake.  It was pretty bad. Note to self: stick with beer. But we are here for the entertainment, right?  After playing Billie Jean (another great sing along song), the piano player invited one of the bartenders up to sing.  Well, she started singing some musical/opera I have never heard of and kept singing song after unrecognizable song. There were some older folks in there... maybe they requested it?  But they didn't seem to be paying attention or singing along.  Anyway, after the third song, my friend and I couldn't take it anymore and left.  But I had fun in the beginning and it looks like it could be a fun place if your group just takes over.  It gets dangerous when competing music tastes meet.  I'll probably try it again and re-review, if warranted.
4	I came here last Friday with a small group for some drinks and entertainment. The bartenders here have amazing voices!! It's a nice alternative to hitting the club when I'm in town. What bothered me was the group of hags sitting next to us blowing their cigarette smoke in our direction. Go smoke outside bitches!! The place is a little small and the layout of the place makes it difficult for the people sitting near the entrance to see who's performing. The drinks weren't as strong as I would have liked it but it's fine.Don't tell Mama, but I have the hugest girlcrush on Dre!!! I'm totally in love with her!! She has an incredible voice and knows how to engage the crowd. I loved her Lady Gaga number. She is full of talent and has a great sense of humor. I even got to shove money down her pants!!Overall, this place was a nice new experience. I would definitely love to go back the next time I'm in town.
5	Stopped by old town and coming from Alaska I thought this was the funnest time ever and great talent!!  Some badass young people who have talent and know how to have a good time!!
5	We hit this joint as what was supposed to be our second stop on a Fremont bar hop, and it ended up being our last stop, we were smitten.  We hit it early and the only other patrons were a group of middle aged patrons of the bar.  They were fun, dancing to the cheesy covers and having a good time.  We soon discovered that the piano player was more impressive than meets the eye and the ear up on first listen, and as more patrons filtered in and the bartenders started participating I now know what keeps this place going.  The quality of the entertainment (vocally trained bartenders) made up for the weak drinks.The atmosphere is comfortable and cozy - and while I can definitely see how it could become overbearingly smoky, it was fine when we were there.  One of my favorite perks was the people watching of the locals - this is a spot for all ages, well, legal drinking age onward.  There were definitely a good handful of patrons pushing 75, and they were awesome, some of the most enthusiastic audience members.  They played everything from piano-bar classics (Sweet Caroline), to current hip hop and pop (Alicia Keys, Beyonce), take requests, and if you have an extrovert in the group go on Thursday open-mic night and they can take their turn in the spotlight.  @Matthew C. hit it spot on, it's definitely a gay friendly environment, woo-hoo.  This bar makes me want to make the trek from Henderson to Fremont more often!
5	Hit the bar for the first time in about six months last weekend.  Can't remember why we've not been back sooner.  We were there Friday night.  Robbie, Heath, Carly and Dre were all wonderful.  Robbie is the funniest piano man I've heard in a while, and incredibly talented.Heath covered some personal favorites including a Frankie Valli number flawlessly.Carly lit up the country scene covering contemporary country favorites and hitting them out of the ball park.The star of the night, in our opinion, was Dre.  Covered everything from an accompanying Piano Man with her own lyrics (we LOVED them) to Fiona Apple, Gaga, and by my request, Brandi Carlile.  Not only did she know who I was talking about (as Brandi is a little under the radar), she covered The Story incredibly and beautifully.  We are definitely going to be back more often.  Have family coming into town this weekend and we'll be back down there.  Thanks so much to all of our singing bartenders and piano man, Robbie.  Note, bring some ones.  You'll definitely need, and the talent is worth them in handfuls.There is no cover, one drink minimum to sit.  WITHOUT a doubt, worth it!  5 stars all the way
4	Nice piano bar with a hot little gay chick on the mic. The piano man and her kept us well entertained though the evening. This was a nice get away from the video poker thats just about every bar. The females were plenty I must have caught the after work crowd. The bartenders were pretty nice to look at as well. I will be back for sure when I'm in town.
5	One of my absolute favorite places in Vegas! Such a great piano bar and so completely underrated. The bartenders have some of the best voices I've ever heard (Specifically Dre- Amazing voice!!!) great entertainment and a must visit if you are in Fremont St
4	The owners of Don't tell mama in NYC moved to Vegas and brought the fun over here too.  They managed to hire the great fun telanted staff to entertain and make your night out with friends so much more fun.Everyone should prepare at least one song that you could show off because it's open mic everyday!  It just makes it much better when the performers are untalented like you and I...
4	If you are looking for a place to hang out with your friends and have a good time, you have to check this place out.  They have singing bartenders along with the piano player.  Different nights have different staff, the two nights that I went was Mike on piano and the singing bartenders were Carly and Dre.  This place is so much fun since the entertainment never stops.  Where else can you get 3 drinks for $16?  Tip accordingly because this place is worth it!
4	Excuse me while I remove this ice pick out of my skull because Yelpers got upset with me. Whatever. Where was I? Oh yes, Don't Tell Mama is a fine establishment that features a grand white piano and karaoke and sing-a-longs with great company. No cover, cheap drinks, and not uptight.
3	I've been here for two mini-shows with the performers at the front of their small stage in front of the piano.  Both times I sat at the bar with my diet Coke.I like the place, but since I'm not a drinker, I can't rate the place like others can.  It's a fine venue for the reason I've been there, but it's not a destination place for me.
5	If you're looking for a place that's actually cool in Vegas go here!  It's a small place with a good, diverse crowd.  Some of the folks are local.  The piano player is adorable and the bartenders sing. Great times!
5	I was looking for things off the beaten path to do when I found this place on Yelp. It's a small place, but the atmosphere is great! It's a little piano lounge, with singing bartenders who know how to belt out those tunes! They have an open mic for anyone who's brave enough to follow the bartenders' act. A wide variety of of tunes showcased while we were there ... Sinatra and Paul Anka to more modern songs by Pink and Lady Gaga. Drinks were a bit pricey, but there's no cover at the door, so we didn't mind paying a little extra for the entertainment.Definitely a place I'll go back to the next time I'm in Vegas!
3	This place is a lot of fun on a drunken Saturday night when you want to try a different sort of bar downtown.  It's a fun experience worth going once, but after repeat visits I find myself not being able to stand more than 20-30 minutes in the place.  Pianist Michael Spadoni saves this joint and is 99% of the reason I've gone as much as I have.  Dre and the others are excellent as well.  Don't get me wrong this place is buzzing with undiscovered talent.HOWEVER, I wish every waitress wouldn't sing "Fallen" by Alicia Keys every 4 songs.  Literally.  You WILL hear that song when you go in the first 30 minutes.  That or Don't Stop Believing.  I guess that's part of the problem is the place just gets a bit predictable and even with the exception of the unpredictability of Spadoni the rest of the night is dragged down by tourist's bland song choices, and too many stereotypical musical theater types trying to dominate the mics.
4	Great casual atmosphere.  A must whenever we are in town.   We go for the drinks but stay for the music. Unbelievable talent!
5	This is a must stop if you are stayng on Freemont Street in Vegas!  It's a tiny little hole-in-the-wall piano bar and the piano player/vocalists are amazing!! Super friendly, intimate and fun atmosphere and it was very cool.   They have open mic too so if you are comfy with piano karaoke they welcome you to sing!
3	This place Is very laid back, good service and the bartenders sing a tune or two for you. Great place to bring a date.
5	This year the mister and I opted to stay on Fremont this year instead of the strip.  We're fairly low-key and the strip is far from it.  Fremont was our ticket.  The first night there, we were looking for a nice little bar to hang out at, most things looked decent but just weren't doing it.  We avoided one place just due to the door guys looking like they were "too cool for school".  We kept walking...and I saw a couple go into a bar that had a simple sign and not much going on outside...then I heard a piano ripping away.Sold.The pianist was hilarious, the drinks were stiff, and the songs were amazing.  People sang along.  It was perfect.  I walked out of there feeling mighty drunk.  Last thing that night needed?  A  hot dog.  Yeah, Freemont street has those too.
4	Most people who come to Las Vegas, doing what they're doing, things that should stay in Las Vegas only, are thinking in the back of their minds.....Don't Tell Mama! And even though your friends have splashed indiscreet pictures of you on their FB page when you were in Vegas, you're thinking....Don't Tell Mama!And after a particularly raunchy nite on the prowl in Vegas, after you are kneeling to the porcelain god that is in your bathroom, you are prayingDon't Tell Mama! But if you are tired of expensive clubs with long lines, gatekeepers with attitudes,  ridiculously priced bottles of booze, and being pushed by teeny boppers humping to rap music, there is a solution:Don't Tell Mama! Don't tell those young'uns dressed like hoochie mamas either, about this great little Karaoke bar in Downtown Las Vegas, the older part that looks like Reno, not the glitz and glam and ginormity of the Strip mega casinos. This intimate sized bar/lounge is all about the singing. The decor is basic, the drinks are not designer with umbrellas, the staff is not juggling bottles like at a circus, and the patrons aren't pulling their dresses down to cover their baring ass under that black minidress! (Well for the most part!)Instead of a Japanese Karaoke set-up with flat screens, thick binders with little 4 and 5 digit codes next to thousands of obscure songs, with subtitles in poor English scrawling across your video monitor, this place has a piano. And some very talented singer/piano players (depending on which night you go). You just scribble the name of a song on a piece of paper and give it to the piano player or bartenders, and if they know it, they will accompany you while you sing it. And if it is well known, you might have half the audience sing along. The bartenders, except for the Asian ones who are part of the Vietnamese family that owns this place (the male owner runs the soundboard by the door), were all hired not for their mixology skills alone, but for their awesome singing abilities. So when there is a lull in the patrons requests, the bartenders belt out some of their and your favorite tunes. On Saturdays, they will actually perform for most of the night, and they are very good! Strong voices! If you are intimidated, come on a week night, where the open mike and crowd's expectations are low, friendly, and polite. This is a fun place and definitely a different Las Vegas experience, butDon't Tell Mama!
5	Um 'pscuse me?! THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!Ok...I'm a sucker for piano bars. Located downtown off Fremont Street in the hipster arena lies this unassuming gem of a joint. It's not very large and houses a sweet white piano tucked in the back corner. Normally in a piano bar you will get the typical: Billy Joel's Piano Man, Journey's Don't Stop Believing, etc. Not that there is anything wrong with those songs but expect something much different at Don't Tell Mama. We went on a Saturday night at about midnight. It was packed full of drunk people who all seemed to be claiming it was their birthday. The piano players can definitely sing but there is an option to karaoke your favorite tune with a piano back-up. I do not have the voice for that but had a great time watching other snockered individuals belt out their favorite tunes. The bartenders sing too! They have microphones and while mixing drinks will provide backup vocals. So fun!Dre sang for a little and can I say....the most amazing female voice I've heard live and I've seen Barbara Streisand, Bette Midler, Cher, Beyonce, Gaga! She belted out a nice, slower version of Gaga's Bad Romance. Blew my mind!After hours was Michael the piano player.......SUPERSPECTACULAR! I am a huge Muse fan and have never met a piano player who was willing to play any of their songs so I just don't request them. I was floored when he busted some Muse tunes out without even being asked. At one point he said "It's Don't Tell Mama after hours, lets play some obscure stuff!" Really Radiohead Karma Police/Paranoid Android?! Who is this guy? There's something for everyone and if you feel like grabbing the mic....by all means. Plus the drinks are not badly priced. $7 for a mixed drink and around $5 for a beer. Not horrible for the entertainment that is provided.Don't forget to tip your piano player!
4	Found this spot our first time exploring Fremont St.  We walked by and playing on the speaker outside was someone singing "Gin and Juice" and playing piano.  If you've never heard the lyrics "pimps up, hoes down" over a piano melody, let me tell you, it's pretty awesome stuff.All the bartenders sing, and they are all dope.  Dre is amazing, despite the fact people kept requesting her to sing Lady Gaga.  Which brings me to my next point.  Tip them (them = bartenders, piano players) and they will sing  your requests.  Drink prices seemed ok, although we just had beers ($6).  Either way, that place is definitely good times.
5	This place... I would simply say.. is AMAZING.I don't enjoy the bar scene too much due to loud annoying music or extraneous noise that would otherwise prevent you from holding a conversation with people.. but this place was just so warm and cozy.. along with absolutely wonderful live music.The hidden gem of Las Vegas that is DTM is apart of Vegas that most people don't see. Where most people stay around the vicinity of "The Strip"... Going to Downtown Las Vegas.. truly gives you a true sense of old school Vegas.This place belongs in downtown, and showcases some wonderful talent. The bartenders sing, and the piano player can be pretty hilarious. It's a MUST VISIT place when you're in the area.
5	This place is incredible! Dre is amazing and should not be missed.  I could go on for paragraphs about the experience I have had here..  One word- AMAZING!
5	In the local scene that is Downtown, this is the hidden gem to visit.  Aside from the all important bar, you have an actual person playing an actual piano taking actual requests!  You get the picture?  Throw in bartenders that sing and that any patron can request to sing a song of there own (but please, make sure you're not off-key) and how can you not have fun here?  It was crazy that when we visited here we were the only group of people under 40.  Kids these days!  Here you get some real life entertainment that is the very spirit of old school.  It's a quaint small place so good thing we got there just after it opened otherwise finding a seat might be an issue for later on in the night.  Once you get in and sit down or order at the bar, you'll find good quality service with helpful bartenders and a piano player who'll playfully banter with your group.  It was a good experience and a place I'll make sure to stop by more often when I'm out of quarters from that other place across the street.
5	Shhh.....Don't Tell Mama - but in this case, I am. This place is too damn awesome to NOT tell!I absolutely love visiting DTM in New York and nearly peed my pants when I heard there was one in Vegas. It's definitely a cooler, hipper vibe, but it's every bit as impressive. First - this is a super small place so arrive early if you want a table. We waited about an hour just to grab a couple of seats at the bar. Don't Tell Mama always has the friendliest crowds, probably because everyone's drunk thanks to the affordable drinks - thank God no $15 drinks here. I believe my rum and cokes were around $6 or $7 (can't remember) - a rarity these days!The girls behind the bar were extremely talented and they are the star of the show along with the witty,  fabulously hysterical piano player. One girl in particular, Dre, is the bomb-diggity - Damn she was good. I would go to DTM just to watch her perform. And some of her lyrics can be downright raunchy so it's not for the prudish!Patrons can sign up to sing, but please don't unless you're good. This isn't your average karaoke joint. If you sing like shit, please go to Calico Jack's.
4	Entertainment: ExcellentStaff: AmazingCrowd: Usually pretty coolDrinks: Decent, but pricyDeff check it out, probably should flask it.
5	This place is 100% awesome. Talent at its finest and the prices are great!
5	This place is amazing! Drink prices are good and the talent is exceptional! Ever time I visit from Florida we stop in.
4	Another nice venue in downtown for a chill time. The crowd always goes wild for the singing bartenders. Although they appreciate the cheers, they also appreciate you tipping their jugs. Slip some bills down their shirts after one of their stunning performances. The music tends to be more old school rock and some pop. It is not just the bar staff who sings. Sometimes they have regulars that will grace the stage. Yesterday, one brought the house down with her rendition of "I will always love you". It was not a tacky way to pay tribute to the departed diva. I am not sure if sitting up front made it more difficult to understand some of the words, but there were a few songs where I could not figure out what Kenny was singing. Maybe the song was just before my time, but it was hard to distinguish at times unless I knew the song by heart. The venue is small. It gets smokey quickly.
5	Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place!!To get started: how is Dre not famous?!?! This girl is AMAZING. No, I'm not exaggerating. I live in the live music capital of the world where we host ACL and SXSW every year, and she's given the best performance I've ever heard live. Carly is pretty good too- she sounds like Christina Aguilera :PAnnnyyway, we took a small group of friends here after our wedding on a Saturday night, and everyone loved it. It's about a 10-15 minute drive from the Strip ($13 cab ride), and it's a refreshing change from the hotel clubs where stilettos are pretty much mandatory. I wore my short wedding dress and flip-flops and the boys still stayed in their tuxes; some people were a bit more dressed up but there were also groups of people in tshirts and jeans. Pros:-No cover-Drinks are reasonably priced. We opened up a tab for everyone in our group, and getting 6 people solidly drunk by the end of the night cost less than $300 including the 20% tip that we left. -Talent is phenomenal. Our group probably left over $100 in tips for just the singers/piano guy by the end of the night, but it was worth it. They sang a lot of our requests- Dre even pulled up some of our songs on her phone and winged it when she didn't know it well. -Owners are so nice. It was packed when we arrived at around 11:30 or midnight, and the owner made us a table in the back corner and moved us to the very front as soon as a table opened up.Cons:-You have to get there early or really late for good seating. -They only take reservations if you're planning on showing up between 8-9pm.-The singing bartenders didn't know any of my first 8 wedding song requests :( I guess it's because it was mostly Texas Country. Although there were a couple Nashville songs and a random Sister Hazel song...Oh well, I had to go more mainstream or older (like Journey or Bon Jovi) if I wanted to hear something.Oh and on a random note, I don't know what Brett is talking about below. I called in the middle of the day when they weren't open, left a voicemail, and someone called me back within a few hours. Guess you just had bad luck, buddy.
5	One of the best bars in Vegas! Small - very small, teeny-tiny small - but well worth either the wait or coming back/in early. Singing bartenders (Dre is INCREDIBLE and the relatively few folks I've seen on so-called talent search television shows aren't fit to carry her luggage), an in-house piano player (please remember to tip!) and a sound man/DJ who's also a trumpeter all add to the charm of this torch-y piano pub. Feels like home even if you're a tourist with nicely poured drinks and a low-key atmosphere. Most of the 15 songs we heard were mid-70s t0 late-90s pop standards, but Dre did an amazing version of Pasty Cline's "Walking After Midnight", which worked well for everyone listening. Patrons are encouraged to sing as well, with turns taken by writing your name and song on a cocktail napkin, given to the pianist. As with other reviewers, I'd suggest getting there are around 8 p.m., so that your evening starts at Don't Tell Mama, as our attempt to enter at 11 p.m. the night before was unsuccessful. Also, the posted signs note that no one under 21 is admitted to the bar, so keep this in mind when planing your visit. Parking on a weekend may be a challenge but PLEASE make this a stop on your itinerary if you're staying in one of the many downtown hotels. It truly is a not-to-be-missed experience if you love live music, great drinks and a relaxed atmosphere with an excellent mix of friendly folks, whether native or tourist.
2	After all the hype about how great this place is..I'm just pretty unimpressed. Its dark, pricey, and clouds of smoke everywhere. The staff is friendly, however very pushy about tips- back off lady, if I like you enough I might put a dollar in your hand, but don't stick a basket in my face like a church collection plate. The piano player was fun, the singing bartenders were average.
3	I was very "eh" about this place. I'm not a fan of downtown to begin with (traffic, parking, etc) but that is especially so when, after dealing with the nightmare of trying to find a place to park where I won't be kidnapped and murdered on the way to my car, I have to shell out $7 for a beer. Did they not get the memo that everywhere else downtown sells that Corona for $2? Anyway, the piano player was good, as were the singing cocktail servers. However, I have had way more fun at Pete's Dueling Piano Bar and didn't feel like I was crammed into a very loud closet. All in all ok but it's not on my list of favorite places.
5	I love this place, great atmosphere, the best entertainment in downtown Vegas, reasonable and stiff drinks.
5	I loved this place.  My husband and I showed up early to this place and got some good seats at the bar.  The live piano is awesome and the bartenders can sure sing.  I ordered a gentlemen's jack and coke, my husband ordered a Coors light and the total cost was 13 bucks.....well we had a few of these orders.  I definately look forward to stoping by this place again.
5	cool spot, bartenders are nice and they all have a good singing voices. drinks are average in price (its no bargain) piano player does a great job with the verity of music
4	When visiting Downtown for a night, one of  our local friends introduced us to the "other" side ... for me this is crossing the street at that big souvenir shop to the other side of Fremont.. literally a block away from the Street Experience canopy.  This was one of the most interesting experiences I've ever had in a bar - The bartenders were mic-ed up and while making drinks and taking orders were singing backup to an awesome pianist/vocalist (I believe she was also one of the bartenders).I don't know how they can maintain such beautiful voices in an atmosphere so devoid of fresh air (my eyes and lungs were burning from the lack of ventilation and all the cigarette smoke) but hey, it's all a part of the old Vegas "charm" huh?  Great people watching - there was an older couple whom appeared to be swingers woo-ing another super drunk couple while patrons (whom also had great voices) sang karaoke to live piano music.  Pretty funny to see the whole scene going down, It was like watching a bad tv movie.I would say you should at least stop in for one drink and to hear a couple songs, it's definitely a unique place and fun atmosphere.
4	It not often party downtown but  always been fan the whole atmosphere of downtown. I never go past the D but always wondered new downtown vibe about and found perfect opportunity. I celebrating with group of friends birthday downtown. One of the stops was here at "Don't Tell Mama". Outside of one of my friends that been there before the rest of us four first timers. I really LOVE you have four of five small bars all with their own style all in same block literally walk right too next one door down. This one is known as piano bar. The singing I been too few piano bars in casinos and nothing like the vibe you get here. I all start with the size really small bar so hopefully not crowded or come earlier make sure get spot sit down. There really is not a bad place too sit because such small place hear the music just fine. The music they have few regular singers (most part all cover songs). Dina that girl can not only belt out Adele song for you but she pretty talented. Bartenders most if not all of them sing each night. Kind of cool concept for bar by itself! I never seen something like that in my lifetime till now. The vibe is something enjoyed not only because hanging out good friends good times. Nice too find small local bar good music and not be in club atmosphere not be feel so crowded enjoy good time good friends!! There hot dog stand across the street that has most amazing hot dogs. It perfect drinking snack or quick bite. We all did that night. The thing great about this hot dog stand is the toppings. Potato Chips that the KEY makes it stand out. I had one with Potato Chips, jalapenos, onions, mustard, and ketchup. Awesome. I know long way far end of downtown sooo much better any hotdog get any casino in downtown!
4	I hung out downtown with friends after having not hung out there for years and was super pleasantly surprised..Really downtown.. When did you get cool?!?!But I digress, one of our stops after the El Cortez was Don't Tell Mama.I absolutely LOVED it. Any place that allows me to see off key to some great classic songs at the top of my lungs is always ok in my book! The music was great and had the energy from the crowd and staffto match. The music choices were good and had me sinking all night. The only issue I had which I know I shouldn't complain about, especially, seeing it is a piano bar, but the smoke was ATROCIOUS! I felt borderline sick leaving b/c the smoke was so heavy. Other thanthat, no complaints, I would def go back and party tho.. smoke and all !!
5	If you hate Vegas and you hate to gamble GTFO/stay TFO. If you love fun...dis mus b d place. Talented bartender/singers...place kicks ass till late. Don't miss the funnnnnnnn!
4	This place is great.  Never too crowded, always a good time.  The singers/bartenders there are truly talented.  The piano player is great as well.  It's relatively small for a bar  in downtown Las Vegas, but it's still a rocking place.  I've been there numerous nights, I always enjoy when someone from the crowd gets on stage and sings.  It's amazing to hear talented "underground" singers.  Alcohol is reasonably priced and they also have happy hour.
5	Wow a piano bar! I never seen a piano bar until I moved down here and walked past my first one at New York New York.However, Don't Tell Mama is not a tourist trap. You'll see the same people every day come inside. So it's easy to make the everyday friend here.And it's not just the pianists that sing, the bartenders sometimes pitch in their own voices when the occasion calls for it. There is this short haired girl with a hat that has alot of talent. As a matter of fact, I would say this bar has the lowest chance of violent encounters in downtown. And it's amazing since this spot is right next to Beauty Bar, Insert Coins, and The Griffin. You'll be too drunk and distracted by the music to witness the depressing drama and fights on Fremont Street! (:
5	I love this place because its away from the touristy strip and the Bartenders can sing!
5	I love Mama's! Living in Vegas, this is one of my favorite spots! It has withstood my many Vegas phases. It is a small bar, with tables and half booths lining the wall. The paino is tucked in the corner and is slight elevated with a tiny stage area in front. During the weeknights it is fun little, quite night out and on the weekends it gets packed and rowdy!This little jewel is packed between Le Thai and Beauty Bar in the Fremont East Arts District.The bartenders here are not only master mixologist, they are also talented vocalist. Dre is the true superstar of this joint. She starts singing, the place gets slammed. She has the most incredible voice and captivates the entire crowd. Ask her to do any (and I mean ANY) song and she knocks it out of the park. (From Britney Spears, to Amy Winehouse, to Carrie Underwood). Be sure to request her four-cord song and anything Gaga. The bar employs three piano players, Spadoni, Kenny, and Robby. These guys work solely on tips (bring singles and $5s, y'all), so be sure to put "bread in their jar." The bar staff, encourages you to "shove the love" into their tip jugs (chest) and Dre takes her in her Tip Box (in her pants - trust me, she likes it). Mamas is not as popular or as well known as some of it's bigger and brighter neighbors. What is so great about this place is that it is a true local haunt. I can plan to meet a group of friends at Mamas (if you do, plan to get there early on the weekends - around 9 PM - because seating is limited) or stroll in by myself. Either way, I know I will have a great time.This place has a reputation of being a gay bar, it's not; it is VERY gay friendly. I will always and forever have a special place in my heart for Don't Tell Mama. I have amazing memories here and have mad the most amazing friends from frequenting it. My favorite drink is a White Gummy Bear (be sure to specify it as a shot), it's delicious.When you're aloneAnd life is making you lonely,You can always go downtown... to Don't Tell Mama.
4	Bar is fun! Always a good time downtown
5	Went in on a Sunday night. The place was real crowded, which was fine so I set at the bar. Really had a good time, enjoyed the talented singers. Kenny was on the piano Gloria and another girl were working the bar and singing as well. Would highly recommend.
4	When I heard piano bar, my first thought for some reason was dueling pianos. But it's one sole piano, with a player and rotating singers. And you know what? The singers aren't bad! They're actually good! They'd have to be since Robert De Niro was in there! (Disclaimer: he was not really in here, but a dude that looked very much like him was). I was surprised that for a Friday night it wasn't too busy (and looking at other reviews!). But we were able to grab a table for 6 and slide right in. It's a nice place to take a mixed group of people considering the songs ranged from classic to today. The service was super friendly too. It seemed the server was one of the only people on the floor and she still did an awesome job. Kudos to the bar staff when they rock it out when they're busy! Keepin' it classy all the way!
5	Excellent little bar in the Fremont District, if you enjoy Piano Bars and a close, laid back atmosphere.  It's a great getaway from the typical Vegas bars and attractions.
5	Great bar. This is my favorite downtown bar. It's a small piano bar.Dre is the absolute best. Her voice is amazing. I love bringing people in here, because she always exceeds expectation. Bartenders are friendly and drinks aren't too expensive. The venue is small, so if you don't get there early... it becomes standing room only.Door security was personable and friendly.
4	What a fun evening! The pianist was great, singers amazing and everyone super friendly. They asked my girlfriend to play a few songs and she rocked the house. Great night!
1	OK, I am not seeing what others see here. For starters, it was like smoking a pack of cigarettes it was so smokey in there. Service and drinks were average but that place needs a good cleaning. Dust everywhere, bar is falling apart and looking a bit worn out. It is apparent MAMA is taking all the money and not reinvesting it in her home. This place was embarrassing as far as a piano bar goes to our out of town guest. Not up to par for Vegas standards. Very, Very dirty and sound system is lacking any real production value. This place reminds me of an old drag queen bar from the 70's. My bet is it wont be around for long at its current decay.
5	How has it taken me this long to discover Fremont East??!Fremont East is my favorite neighborhood in Vegas right now.  It's compact, walkable, and full of urban character (and I'm not talking about the fake manufactured "character" of the Strip).Case in point?  Don't Tell Mama.  I *love* this little piano bar.  It's not much from the outside, but the inside is an endless party.  The drinks are dirt-cheap, and the bartenders know how to pour a mean cocktail.Don't Tell Mama is also a piano bar, and probably the best one I've ever seen!  All the bartenders have amazing voices and randomly stop what they're doing to croon all your favorites from Ella Fitzgerald to Amy Winehouse and beyond.  Don't worry if it's your first time at Don't Tell Mama -- I guarantee that you *will* make friends with everyone in the room.  It's mostly a locals bar, and they're thrilled to discover that a tourist has found his or her way inside.Can't wait to come back here again!
5	Went here last night and was very impressed. Bar tenders were friendly and the pianist was awesome. Relaxed, chill environment made for a great night. If your looking for good music, lots if laughs and good company I suggest this place.
5	This place is always fun! Music is so wonderful... Lots if talent! Drinks are always good.
5	We wandered into Don't Tell Mama after eating at Le Thai next door - so glad we stopped by! The drinks were cheap and after sitting down, a flamboyant, friendly guy came over and asked what we wanted to hear. I asked to sing At Last. We were all hanging out and made friends with the table next to us - natives that had never been there either. I was called up, went up and sang as the same gentlemen accompanied me. He even followed me when I skipped part of the song - he was EXTREMELY talented. A big round of applause and then I sat back down. There were people from every walks in the room, singing a variety of songs. It was like a one-man dueling piano/live karaoke. SO COOL. If you have time, I would definitely recommend checking this place out. Very fun and different from anything else you'll find in Vegas.
5	Don't Tell Mama!  I'm telling everybody!  This piano bar is not worth missing!  My friend found this joint on Yelp while we were planning our trip to Vegas.  We were a little nervous as we left the main drag of Fremont, but we were not disappointed.  The bartenders have amazing voices, and the piano playing hosts are hilarious.  My friend got to sing her favorite tune for her 30th birthday after the entire bar sang, "Happy Birthday" to her.  Most of our requests were played while we were there, and they were all wonderful renditions.This is a must go to in Vegas!
3	Great local spot, fun atmosphere, love the live piano and singing; but drinks are over priced, yeah I know it's downtown but come on, no free refills on soda?!
5	Just what I was looking for.... great atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing & fun music.  Gloria and Kenny made my night.  I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
1	TERRIBLE STAFF AND OWNERSHIP!!!! I work in hospitality and I've NEVER been treated so badly. These people have no clue how to treat their customers. I'm not racist by any means, but these people were Asian and just VERY rude!!! I don't recommend going there at all.
4	Wow! What a fantastic little gem. We celebrated a friends birthday on 2/11/14, after dinner and karaoke we stumbled our way to Don't Tell Mama. The singers and piano player was amazing!We loved the setting and the service was great too! A must go!
3	This is a fun little bar, nothing spectacular but it's nice to go in and out of for a drink.The staff is super nice and super talented.There is a piano and the waitress take turns to sing "oldies but goodies".The drinks are decent and inexpensive. the place is usually packed on the weekends but it's worth to check it out.
5	I have been here twice and both times I had the time of my life! The bartenders all have incredible voices. everyone in the audience sings along to a variety of songs and genres. The drinks are good and cheap. I love this place!
5	I stopped by here with a friend on a Saturday night when we were waiting for someone. We got here around 9 and it wasn't too packed yet. We found a spot at the bar and ordered some beers.As far as bars go, I think this one is a favorite downtown. It had the right balance of lively and chill. The crowd was a little older than you would find around places like Commonwealth and Gold Spike on a Saturday. I thoroughly enjoyed the live music. The part I really enjoyed? The singing bartenders! I thought it was cool that the bartenders sang background music for the person performing, but then one of the bartenders went up and sang a couple of songs. It was definitely different than the surrounding bars. The bartender also sang really well! My friend and I finished our beers, but we decided to continue to sit and enjoy the music. If you need a little break from the crowded area around, I would definitely recommend this one!The prices are pretty average. We paid about $6 for a beer, it's not a place that will break your wallet.
4	Went here for the aftermath of my bachelorette party. At first I was a bit skeptical because just looking at it from the outside I didn't expect much. Boy was I wrong! This was one of my favorite parts that night. The drinks were great! Not only that but the bartenders and waitresses that sang were amazing! They even let customers sing, if the pianist knows the song. I am itching to go again! Would and have recommended this place to a few people! Great drinks, great atmosphere, great fun!
2	Expensive like all of Vegas but kind of a dive for the price the entertainment such as piano bar is ok...and features an open mic It seems to attract an alternative lifestyle too
5	This place is in our top 10 Vegas stops. No cover, awesome bartenders/singers... If you're complaining about the drink prices you better step your a$$ out the door and remember you just walked in for free to see that kind of entertainment. Best place ever! If you like fun, live singing, the crowd then this for you. Like others have said get there at opening then sit and enjoy the fun.
5	This place is incredible.  By far the best bar I have been to in ages.  The singing bartenders are so fun and boy can they sing!  Dre is absolutely amazing, great personality and killer voice.  But all of them are.  Not to mention, the staff is friendly and fun.My favorite part...  When the patrons would get the nerve up to sing themselves (NOT ME!).  But one guy, you could tell he was nervous and started singing Rollin in the Deep by Adelle...  Dre sat in front of him on a chair with a mic and picked up and sang with him and gave him encouragement when needed.  Amazing!The drinks are so reasonably priced considering there is no cover charge and you are in Vegas.  I'm a local, I know where to get cheap drinks, this place gets my business because it's fun.  I do not think the drinks are expensive...  Not sure what people are expecting, but if you are looking for $2 beers, get out of the tourist spots and find a happy hour at PT's or something.  But seriously, a $6 beer is not a killjoy in my opinion.  You get hours of free entertainment, if that is not worth the cost of $6-$7 drinks, then move on along.  We were there for 2-3 hours, had each 3-4 drinks and spent $35.  I'm definitely coming back, many times.
3	The clientele is a bit older than the normal crowd that frequents East Fremont. We had one drink here but decided to leave when they invited guests to come up and sing. Wasn't really feeling like experiencing a karaoke-fest at the moment. The female singer had a great voice and was super funny. One thing that was slightly disruptive was that people would often walk through the door and then immediately decide that it wasn't for them and then left. It was distracting if you wanted to vibe out to the music and also happened to be sitting near the front door. It is a place that you need to be prepared to be in the mood to chill and stay for a drink or a couple of songs.
5	Cool little spot downtown. Good people. Good service.
2	So sad that we used to LOVE this place and it has really declined in the past few years. If you;re a fan of he Don't Tell Mama in NYC or the recently closed one in LA, you will not like this one. It's not "Gay" but they are gay friendly. Also the piano players we've seen in the past few visits have been down right boring and the singers (with the exception of maybe one of the bartenders) we're terrible. I remember when Chris was there and he was one of the best. So sad.
1	We arrived fairly early on a Saturday night for Las Vegas expecting a traditional piano bar.  We came up with a list of several songs that were good sing along songs. It wasn't too busy and we gave a $20 tip along with the list of songs.  My sister also gave a list and a $10 tip.   The piano player didn't seem to know most of them (he could play American Pie by Don McLean) that that was about it.  Instead of playing any of our songs we requested or admitting he didn't know them, he turned the mike over to the bartender (I admit was a great singer) and a few people who shouldn't be singing.  That included the rap song that some may consider art. It used the M-F*&^%r word in almost every line.The main reason why I would never go back there is the way the piano player took our tip money and ignored all of our requests.  I think he was more interested in playing the piano and letting others do the entertaining.  I think their venue should be listed as Karaoke and Open Mike night.  It defnintely was not piano bar, it lonly housed a piano.
5	Cozy, chic and loved every minute! What a great piano bar! Nice change from typical Vegas bars. Last time I came here was in October - I hope the same bartenders & lounge singers/piano players will there for my July trip!  Everyone is very talented who performs; if you are lucky some of the bar staff jumps on the mic. Great vibes, yummy cocktails and lovely music!
5	Go on Wednesday and Saturday nights when Kenny is playing! I went to the one in NYC all the time and this one is amazing as well. The staff is very talented and it's a good time to be had by all.
5	If I could give this place a 10 I would!We arrived at 11pm to this quaint little bar, it was pretty quiet but had such a lovely ambiance with the dim lighting and sounds of piano. The staff were friendly and drinks weren't too pricey so we sat and chilled for half an hour or so, then it started to get a bit busier. Soon customers were writing there names on napkins and singing along to the piano it was beautiful! The barmaids sang a few songs and had utterly incredible voices, they really got the crowd going. Everyone in the bar was having a great time talking to new people, singing along dancing...hands down the best night out I had in Vegas. If you like letting your hair down and listening/participating in live music you MUST go here!Don't tell mama...tell you friends!..make sure you visit this place!
5	Found this little gem on a 3 day vacation in Downtown Vegas.  Loved, Loved, Loved it!  Nice little piano bar, with an intimate atmosphere, and good drinks!!  Super friendly staff and I got to go up and single multiple times which is always a plus at any piano bar.  The only downside to this bar was they didn't have Fernet Branca, which is a MUST for any piano bar!  This was only slightly upsetting, but totally worth mentioning.  I could go on and on about how cool this place is, but you'll just have to go check it out for yourself!  Just wonderful!
5	I was finally able to visit this little hot spot.  My girlfriend and I sat at the bar and enjoyed the attentiveness of the bartenders.  $12 for two drinks wasn't too badly priced.  Tips to the bartender and pianist is a given, which can quickly add up, but definitely is worth it.The piano player, Frank was awesome and extremely talented.  The bartenders were skilled singers that not only took care of the customers but also provided great entertainment.  Super relaxed environment with a mixed crowd of both young and old folks.  It was a comfortable environment where most of us sang along
5	Just returned from Vegas this past weekend for my 21st birthday. I'm not a big fan of gambling, but I knew this would be a great place to find awesome bars and other fun things to do. We were actually looking for a gay bar (I find the atmosphere to be more comfortable) this popped up and we decided to check it out. Wasn't a "gay" scene, but we decided to check it out.We got there on Friday at around 11, ordered our drinks from a wonderful Asian girl, I can't recall her name, but I asked for something sweet and she made me one of the best drinks I've ever tasted in my life. Then we went and sat near the piano. There wasn't too many people in there at this time. We watched a young blonde bartender finish her set (which was awesome and had my favorite Disney song) The pianist was lively and played perfectly! Then we found we could do open mic, so my talented friend went and paired with the piano player, it was amazingly fun! The highlight of the night was definitely Tracie. She was the nicest person ever when she was making drinks with perfection, and then she was a sassy, phenomenal, and fun singer when it was time for her set. Our whole group was in awe of how great she was! We went the next night too, just because of how much fun we had and she remembered us from the night before, it was a little more packed the next day so we left earlier than before, but it was worth it. It's going to be an itinerary must for all our Vegas trips now.
5	Super cute- went here cuz yelp or google said LGBT bar (not exclusively but friendly) the bartenders are AMAZING. It's such a blast do glad we came!
1	The singing bartenders should beSplitting tips with the piano guy, they rally the crowd for tips and don't get any of it!!! So if you like the singer make sure you give your tip directly to the singer, doesn't make sense for everyone not to pull tips
4	Amateur night is the time to go. Great talent. Okay drinks.
5	I like going to mama's because they make a good dirty gin martini and because they have amazing singing bartenders. My favorite bartender is Dre because she has an incredible voice. I requested Amy Whinehouse- I'm No Good and she sang it very well without looking at any lyrics!
5	Can't say enough amazing things about this place. Wanna get off the strip, off the Fremont chaos and try something totally new, fresh to death and fun? COME HERE like NOW! you might even discover the new Alicia Keys in here! If you don't sing, dont worry, the drinks are reasonable and drunk sing a longs are the essence of the kick ass-ness here. Now if you are a singer... tip the piano guy a lot and you will get called quicker then others who are waiting. If you dont know the words they have a nifty iPad with the verses to help you along. This place is contagious and closes late. Trust me, you will enter sober at 9pm and leave drunk, feeling like an American Idol winner at 3am with a big ass smile on your face
5	Bartenders are terrific , the singing is fabulous. Great atmosphere. Always have a good time here.
5	This place is classic, its a Karaoke bar but its also a great place to hang out.  I will tell you a secret and also the reason its called Dont Tell Mama.  Its a hangout for the lesbian community here in Las Vegas, and you wouldnt know it, but it is, so theres your heads up.  Most people in there have no idea.  Best part, the singing is stellar most nights...and fun!   5 star fun...go, have fun, and sing!
1	I love the entertainers and this club but can never go again because it is way too Much SMOKE it is so unhealthy I leave coughing and stinking.  SHAME no one else has brought this to your attention.
