4	Here's the basics:    * Breakfast $12.99 plus tax, 7am-11am, 7am-10am Sat & Sun    * Lunch $15.99 plus tax, 11am-4pm    * Dinner $19.99 plus tax, 4pm-10pm    * Saturday & Sunday Champagne Brunch $19.99 plus tax, 10am-4pmIn a nut shell this is a great somewhat unknown vegas buffet as it just recently re-opened.  As a result, its pretty cheap, has great food, and best of all there's NO LINE.  The desserts there are the bomb and they even have over a dozen flavors of gellato so make sure you save room.
1	One very, very blurry night a few months ago, I was showing an out of town friend around the Strip.  He wanted to go to a buffet in a bad way.  We were right by Harrah's, so against my better judgement, that's where we ended up.  Let's just say $22 a head was outragious for what was offered.First, I was hungry.  Second, I wasn't expecting much, but thought I could eat just about everything.  Nothing looked appetizing to me, even through my beer goggles.  Everything looked old, the place was kind of depressing.  I wouldn't think anyone would really consider ending up here, but if for some reason you are - please think again.  There are better, cheaper buffets in town, I promise.
4	It makes me sad that the Harrah's buffet received such low reviews! I personally think the selection was great and the value was top notch! Additionally, there was a $5 off coupon that they didn't prohibit the use of... so imagine, 20 people saving $5 each... that's some good stuff! They were able to accomodate a party of 20+, in which they should received an award for in itself. Not many Vegas buffets have the ability to do that... :) Anyway, among my favorites include: Bagel and Lox / Unlimited Shrimp (already peeled) / Prime Rib. They also had a chocolate fondue fountain with only the best Rice Crispie treats ever!!!
5	Holy crap! I've died and gone to buffet HEAVEN.This place has THE best buffet ever. I ate there twice in 4 days. lol They have salad, Italian, seafood, Mexican, Chinese, sushi, meat and an awesome desert arrangement. The servers were all very nice and our dirty plates were promptly removed. My buffet favorites were the meatballs, fried ravioli, crab legs, and shrimp cocktail. And by the way...how many places crack the crab legs open for you??? That's right no fumbling around trying to get the crabmeat out. They've already done it for you. Ahhh....I love this place. Dessert wise there is so much I can't even list it all...although I will say I truly enjoyed dipping my strawberries in the chocolate fountain. :-)
3	I'd say middle of the road as far as buffets go.  The usual expansive selection, but I'm more concerned with the quality of the food.  With our $5 off coupon, we paid $15 for a Sunday champagne brunch.  That alone was worth a star considering it was actually tasty champagne.   Another star for the great service from our waitress.  She was awesome.  Last star for the chocolate fountain for fresh strawberries (buffet ettiquette tip: DO NOT try to stick your bowl of ice cream in the chocolate fountain-idiot!).
2	Yuck!  If we weren't in a hurry to eat and go see Rita Rudner, we'd have never come here to eat.  I didn't like any of the food I ate, and I would say the highlight of the meal was my plain white rice from the asian food stand.
3	We decided to meet up with some friends here when we first got into Vegas.  Luckily for us we got here a little before 4pm so were charged lunch prices.  You just end up staying for an hour or more and they start bringing out the dinner foods.  Unfortunately since it was around the holidays, prices were more expensive than they normally were.  Since we came between lunch and dinner there was no wait.The selection of food here is pretty typical.  They have a meat station with prime rib, turkey, ham, and rotisserie chicken.  The sushi station is pretty miserable...just a few rolls that looked gross so I didn't even try it.  Their Italian section has some good pastas and lasagna.  The best were the meatballs...so yum!  They also have a chinese station with rice, chow mein, wontons, etc.  Surprisingly there was still breakfast selections as well with eggs, sausage, bacon, etc.  I don't bother touching salad at a buffet...gotta get your money's worth and only amateurs fill up on salad.The best part is the shrimp cocktail...shrimp were a decent size.  They also brought out crab legs later for dinner but I was already kinda full by then.Desserts are decent.  They have a gelato bar.  I tried the tiramisu flavor which was way too sweet but the mint chocolate flavor was much better.  The chocolate cake was also good but a little on the sweet side.TIP:  Join their player's club and you can get $5 off the buffet
4	My hubby seems to think this was one of his favorites.. I remember the selection was pretty huge, but average tasting.
4	This buffet was really long! (That's what she said.) It doesn't seem like most people liked this place but I thought it was just fine. They had oysters and crab legs at sunday brunch, a full pastry case and everything else you can think of. Even gelato.
3	Preeeetty preeetty good ( if you don't watch curb your enthusiasm you will not get that). I liked it, we ate here as we were about to peace out of Vegas and I hooked it up with some fried chicken, cause I'm from the south and naturally I gravitated towards it. I ate some shrimp and the salad bar was banging. All others I was with ate some breakfast items and said they were really good as well. Lost of desserts as well, though I'm not really into those. I just thought it funny that they had the crab legs next to the pancakes with a big pan of melted butter between the two. I never feel like I eat enough to warrant a buffet though and I didn't here. I think it's somewhat nasty to literally gorge yourself on all you can eat crap. But it's ten times better than golden corals crap.
4	Yeah I do not get all the buffet bashing. I loved this place and they had pretty much anything your belly desired. I will not go into what I got, since it was pretty much one of everything. But it was a short wait, all things considered, since most buffets make long lines. The price was decent, around $20 which includes your drink and soft served ice cream machine. Great way to recover from an extreme hangover.
2	This is the worst of all of the buffets I've ever eaten at in Las Vegas.  And I've pretty much tried them all.  We went for Sunday brunch and the line was maybe 10-15 minutes long, not too bad.  It cost approx. $25 but we had a coupon for $5 off per person.  Good thing too, because the food here was definitely not worth $25.  At first glance the buffet seemed pretty decent.  It had a little bit of everything: traditional American breakfast foods (eggs, bacon, sausage, etc), Mexican (Spanish rice, tacos), Asian (sushi, dim sum, chow mein) and prime rib and fried chicken and salads and dessert items.  I loaded up my plate with just about everything and sat down to enjoy.The first sign that this place sucked was that the scrambled eggs were God awful.  It didn't even taste like eggs.  It was like greasy yellow mush with a slight salty flavor.  C'mon how hard is it to screw up eggs?  All I could eat were a couple bites.  I moved on to the bacon and sausage and they were overcooked and really really really salty.  The prime rib had absolutely no taste to it, even with the very generous amount of au jus I put on it.  The Spanish rice was very undercooked and seemed like little pebbles.  The sushi was just plain disgusting, there were no other words to describe it.  I also couldn't find any soy sauce anywhere, no matter where I looked.  I had to ask a worker and he brought me one.  I don't understand why they didn't keep one next to the sushi area.Finally, I just threw up my hands in despair and went to get a donut.  A plain, glazed donut.  I figured they probably weren't cooked on the premises so it had a better chance of being pretty decent.  Unfortunately, Flavors Buffet managed to mess up the donut too.  It was stale.  I totally understand why everyone bashes this place----they totally deserve it.  If not for the fact that the workers were very nice and friendly, they would get 1 star from me.
2	Buffets are great, but when the food is bland and not that great, the Hometown Buffet close to home is looking a little better.We celebrated my cousins birthday here, and when we started picking up plates the food did not really at all appetizing.  They had several varieties to chose from.  Your typical steaks with potatoes, they had an "Asian" area where they had food that tasted like your local hole in the wall food under a heat lamp at your local shopping plaza at home.  The only thing that I really enjoyed was the cocktail shrimps with the cocktail sauce otherwise this place was a flop.  i felt bad for all the people waiting in line for 40 minutes. A waste of time and money.
1	Don't waste your time and money by going to this place.  The food was very old and dry.  Even the "fresh" fruits looked that they were getting ready to rotten.  I am never coming back even if the meal is free.
2	OK, where do I begin.  I give Flavors 3 stars, because every time I go to Vegas and stay at Harrah's we seem to find ourselves here, even though the food is not that good.  It is a great spot if you don't care about paying a lot of money for mediocre food.  The best time to eat there is when it is all fresh (and you're gambling then too), and that has only occurred for me once.However, I'll still go back, because it has become a milestone in my yearly Vegas trip with my co-workers.
2	I had coupons for $5 off for this buffet so I dragged the bf here for brunch on sunday. The buffet was $20.99 but ended up being $15.99 each w/ the coupon. The food was meh. The asian food looked sooo gross and old. I am sure it has been sitting there at least for a week or so. The only thing I really ate was the prime rib which they had to cook it more once they sliced off a piece b/c it was sooo rare. I also had a create your own omelet, that was ok. The dessert selection was lacking a bit compared to rio. Yay the rest of the food was really unappetizing. I would not recommend anyone coming here even with that $5 off.
4	i'm not sure why everyone gives it crappy reviews. maybe i went on a good day- i believe it was a monday. there was definitely no wait to be seated since i have had to wait in line before to get in. i felt the selection was nice and since i occasionally eat seafood why not get unlimited plates of shrimp and crab legs? awesome. there are definitely some things that didn't look good but not everything in a buffet is going to be stellar. everything else was fresh. flavors satisfied my buffet craving while in vegas. next time i'll probably spring for a pricier better option but this one was good for my budget and appetite.
4	Contrary to popular opinion, I didn't think this place was all that bad. Yes, the wait would have been longer if we didn't meet anyone to help us girls get ahead, but we did :) and it worked out.  Gotta love those Canadians. :DI thought that there was a pretty fair variety of food and it was fresh, as far as I was concerned.  Our server was extremely animated and sarcastic, everything worked out fine.  My friend stocked up on the cotton candy, too. Bring your big purse and buffet attire, ladies ;)Decent - I would go back!
2	Not the best buffet. I should of went to the Paris Buffet for dinner.
4	If I lived any closer, I would be 500 pounds. Is it weird to get five slices of pie at one time? because that definitely went down.
1	This buffet was awful.   We went here for a quick dinner and the first sign of how bad it was was the lack of people in line!   We finally pay via an atm machine and then we get to the front of the line and they make us wait more!   There again were NO people in line and plenty of open tables.   The food was downright bad.   I enjoy food and i love good buffets but in a city of many buffets this was poop.   The only positive in the WHOLE place was desset.   The chocolate fountain was excellent and the things to dip in it were good.   Cotton Candy is also good.   But the other food was the reason for the terrible review.   Fried chicken that's not good, steak that is poorly done, a dirty presentation and bad chinese....so many negatives and not enough positives in this town of buffets.
4	It was 9am and we were hungry and we wanted a traditional american breakfast, so we walked down the strip hoping to find a decent and affordable breakfast buffet.  Most of them were pretty expensive and by the time we walked all the way to Harrah's we were exhausted and extremely hungry, so we thought we'd give it try.  It turned out to be better than we had expected and more!  They even had freshly made cotton candy and gelato!  Prime rib and cocktail shrimp for breakfast!  I think their breakfast prices changes after 10am and luckily we got there before 10am.  They also have a omelet station.  I've never been here for dinner, but breakfast was awesome!
4	Alright, there's not a whole lot to review about a buffet's service beyond it was clean, the bus ladies were right on top of getting that empty plate out from in front of you and the food is well organized and easy to find what you're in the mood for. So let's talk about the food instead. Mmm Mm! Round One: Started with a salad. Just about eveything you could think of wanting on a American-style buffet salad, kinda wished there were kidney beans but the Ranch dressing made up for it. Ranch the way restaurant Ranch is supposed to be. Creamy without being thick, flavorful and heavy on the dairy.Round Two: Fried Raviolis - Not what I wanted them to be. The fried outside overwhelmed the stuffing and I could only eat two before I was bored. Hush Puppies - tasted like your mama's. Roasted Red Potatoes - crispy but soft to bite into, spiced nicely and not too salty. Steamed Veggies - tasted like the vegetables they are. Stuffed Shell in Seafood Sauce. The Stuffed Shell... OH MY GOD. So delicious! I wished I'd gotten just a solid plate of them!Round Three: Two more Stuffed Shells. I told you they were good!! Stuffed with Ricotta, Egg and spices, topped with some kind of white sauce with just a hint of seafood, not some overpowering fishy taste, then fresh, chopped tomatoes on top. So yummy but soooo filling. What? No room for desert?Ok, Round Four: A slightly painful Chocolate Covered Rice Krispie Treat. Only painful because I was so full!! There's a chocolate fountain at the end of the buffet and an assortment of snacks to dip in it. The chocolate is flavorful, not that bland, stale taste that sometimes happens to chocolate fountains.Ok, the things I personally missed: Crab Legs - Everybody loved these. My girls at the end of the table split three plates worth. Shrimp Cocktails - Two of my party went back for Shrimp Cocktail seconds when I went back for my Stuffed Shells. Gourmet Desserts - There's a whole section of them with Pastry Chefs hanging about to answer questions and take personal orders.Totally worth $23.
2	If this were a $5.99 buffet, it would get 3 stars.Tries to do too much and all of it poorly.  Ok, maybe the cotton candy was alright.Awful awful sushi.  I didn't even try the stir fry it looked so bad. Bland BBQ.  Salad bar scary, small and boring, and dressings not labeled/arranged.  Taco bar but no taco shells or tortillas.  I HATE snow crab legs that have been shredded in half, so much harder to extract the meat (if you think its a benefit then you don't know how to eat snow crab).  Burnt cream looked to have have the torch waved over it for a second leaving a film of sugar-water on top.Ice cream and Carving station ok, swift attentive waiters.I remember the days, not long ago, when $5.99 (or less) on the strip would get you about the same quality.  Then Mirage came in with 'gourmet' buffet and marked the beginning of massive price increases with the rationale that they were laying out high quality stuff.  Now it seems they can just lay out so-so stuff and still get away with charging premium prices.
4	Don't know why people are hating on this place.  Come on, it's a buffet in Vegas.  With that said, I would come here again and again and will be sure to wear my stretchy pants. I filled up twice with random selections and I was not disappointed.  Well, hubby and I had mimosas with our meals so maybe that clouded our judgement.  Anyway, I pigged out on prime rib, roast chicken, cold shrimp, kielbasa..yum..this place is my doctor's nightmare.  Dessert station did not disappoint.  Again, I returned to my table with two plates in hand.  In one hand, a bowl of mango sorbet.  In the other hand, cheesecake and chocolate brownies.  That was sheer gluttony in motion!!  Hubby and I ate so much that we felt nauseous afterwards.  But would we go again?  Yes.  This place is a party for your tastebuds.
3	We were there on a Monday- in for lunch, stayed for dinner. The food was good. It was standard Vegas buffet fare- prime rib, fried chicken, pizza, pasta of assorted varieties, desserts, salad, etc. I tried alot of different things, and each was decent, enjoyable. The stuffed shells were especially rich. The biggest point in my visit here were the crab legs, which complemented nicely with the warm chemical butter. All-in-all, for the price and location, a solid buffet,
5	We had a great brunch at this place. The best mashed potatoes ever! I also loved the Brazilian BBQ. A good value 21 bucks for adults and 10 for the kidz 4-10. The only thing that was missing was strawberries for the chocolate fountain. My kids also loved the cotton candy.
4	Yayyy, finally Harrahs remodeled there buffet and I'm impressed. Job well done. You will find your typical buffet stations here, asian, mexican, italian, seafood (crab and shrimp), and dessert (gelato and cotton candy included..woohoo)!The food is very tasty!!! And the prices are just right for a buffet at Harrahs. The whole place is clean and the service employees keep your table clean and your drinks filled!If youve tried the buffets at the wynn or the bellagio, this is not in comparison..so try this buffet first then start your upgrades cause if you do the wynn or bellagio then come here, you will be disappointed!Will come here again, and would definitely recommend.Tip: You can go to the half tickets booths throughout the strip and buy the buffet for almost half the price!!! The nearest booth will be at the mall across from the wynn, right next to starbucks!! Worth the walk, especially for large groups.
4	Well priced, well stocked and ok food. The service was great, (take note Wynn) and the Bloody Mary is nice and spicey. Great place to fill up on before an afternoon of tourism!
4	Flavors is a great place to satisfy any appetite and features continuous live cooking stations, freshly prepared seafood, all-you-can-eat crab legs and fresh cut Prime Rib, an array of delectable side dishes, traditional comfort foods and a variety of pastries prepared to perfection. I got this from their website but it's spot on, We were in vegas for a bachlor party last weekend and this place brought us back to life after long nights! i had brunch here twice!!! It was delicious maybe just good hangover food, But damn when are you not hung over in vegas?The weird fake looking pizza that i normally wont even try at a buffet was pretty damn good! i had to check it out after my buddy's were talking about how great it was. The shrimp was pretty decent and the veggies were even kinda fresh.My favorite plate i had was filled with biscuits and sausage gravy that didn't just fall apart when you stabbed them with your fork, And the gravy actully had peices of sausage in it not just flavored that way, Eggs that were so so i guess can't really mess up scrambled eggs, French toast that was just delicious and crab leggs stacked to the roof... I never thought i'd eat crab legs for breakfast much less occumpanied by french toast. Maybe i was really muffed up but it was deliscious. Throw in a bunch of free beer and champagne to wake you up, with a few crazy stories from the couple next to you and now thats how to start a day in vegas! I would recommend it to anyone. Im sure there are better buffets in lv but i doubt theres anything near as good for the price, save your money for alcohal and clubs
4	Flavors is a really decent buffet and has held it's own pretty well against the uber buffets like The Wynn, Bellagio, Le Village at Paris, and the Carnival World Buffet at The Rio.  It's not too expensive: $15 for breakfast, $20 for lunch, $25 for dinner (for Total Rewards members, they give you a $5 off coupon when you check in at your hotel) and the selection there is very diverse.  Happy to see they have more comfort foods like fried chicken and bbq unlike the Wynn.  It's pretty much a middle of the road buffet where the food is pretty average, but it gets the job done in satisfying your cravings.  It definitely satisfied my craving for fried chicken and waffles.  I give it 3.5 stars round up to 4.
5	Excellent Selections, and Superb Service!
4	Dinner buffet on Thursday evening ($18.xx after $5 guest coupon).Large selection of food.  Most of it was very good.Snow crab legs:  Nice, hot, sweet, and juicy.Boiled shrimp:  Medium size, already peeled, flavorful.Fried shrimp:  Crunchy and good, but a little too much breading.Prime rib:  Medium rare and flavorful.Orange chicken:  Excellent taste, but a little bit dry.Broiled ocean perch:  Overcooked.Clam chowder:  Very good, thick, creamy.Gelato:  About 5 or 6 flavors........excellent.Much, much more to choose from.  I felt the buffet was quite a bargain at around $18.   Flavors doesn't have some of the high-end selections you will find at the Bellagio or Wynn buffets, but it's not nearly as costly either and still very good.
4	This was one of the best buffets for the price on the strip. The place was very clean and the food was all good. I ate a lot of meat and this place did not disappoint. It was all fresh and cooked well. Of course I had the prime rib. It was nice and juicey. The only problem I had was getting a refill.
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I literally demand to eat here. If I don't get the chance to eat here, I will probably go from a 5 foot 2 inch girl to a 10 foot hulk-monster-type creature (w/ pink lipstick).First things first: The crab legs here are to die for. Die for! I mean where else can you get crab legs that are already sliced down the middle and warmed? The meat is juicy and salty with a hint of sweetness, such perfection should be a hell-sent sin. This is the only place I go to satisfy my urge for crab legs. All the other foods are just great, they have different sections for the different ethnic foods (because racial grouping is only natural even in foods) and I don't remember putting something in my mouth that I didn't like. Prime rib and aus jus was juicy and full of flavor, the perfect combination. The line is never sickeningly long, it's always a moderate length.Oh, If I could describe every single thing I ate at this buffet I could publish it into a book but for your sake I won't. Just trust me and try this buffet. You'll get your money's worth.BTW: They have unlimited Gelato! And cotton candy to take home! (faint!)
4	This is the buffet I was looking for.  Decades ago I learned to gamble at Harrah's, and the experience has colored all my views of Nevada.  High payout slots, yes!  And a buffet I can count on.  I find the food excellent, the variety incredible.  The era of $5 buffets seems to be over, but this place still draws me.  Keno in the dining area.  Waitstaff that genuinely wants me to have a nice day.  Food that I can understand.  $47.54 for 2 people wasn't the bargain that it used to  be, but it didn't hurt the experience at all.
3	Flavors is definately worth $23.77 but NOT a penny more. Yes they had hot snow crab, cocktail shrimp, and prime rib. The service there was eh, alright. When I got back from getting more food, they still havent cleared my plate. They were however good at keeping my drink pretty full. Definately couldn't go wrong with the price. I thought this place was fair for what I paid for and I would definately go back and recomend this buffet to anyone. The cotton candy to go was definately a plus.
3	I was staying at Harrah's so opted to give Flavors a try.  All in all, not bad for the price.  Not the best buffet in Vegas, but not anywhere near the worst either.  The food was very acceptable and would go again if it was convenient.
3	This review is for breakfast/lunch. Came here on Thanksgiving morning for a solid breakfast and stayed all the way through lunch. Pretty standard breakfast choices and lunch options. Nothing to get overly excited about but it was a great way to start the day. pretty cheap for buffet but only because we paid the breakfast price and stayed through lunch. The most standout item was being able to take cotton candy out of the restaurant. People on the strip were definitely envious of the fluffy pink confection i was dragging around. Or they just thought i was a freak.A nice buffet option if you are staying at harrah's.
4	I didn't expect it to be this good. Better than the Bellagio dinner I had. That's right, I said it! Everything that was tough at the Bellagio buffet were tender and moist here: steak, fish, etc. Felt like a diner for seniors, but hey, who doesn't love that gelato bar and cotton candy?! I do. I do I do I do.
1	1 star for ice cream parlor.Everything else wasnt even mediocre. They ran out of clean plates and the clean plates werent even clean. I asked my boyfriend to grab me  clean plate to a slice of the driest German chocolate cake ever and there was still pieces of left over food on the plate. The hour wait to eat on a Monday for lunch was a waste of time. It lacked variety and the serving area was completely, horrifying. 3 words sums it up, EH, YUCK, AND YUCKY!
1	For a few bucks more, run to the Rio Carnival buffet!!!! We wanted to try something new and came here and was letdown. The only thing I liked was the clams cooked in butter. Everything else was mediocre. The servers were not professional and were too caught up in their conversations with each other than serving. The food was either cold, bland, tough, or just ugh.
2	I had the lunch buffet and I was not really blown away. The price is on the low side as far as buffet goes but I was not really that satisfied. The service was good but the food was not memorable. Typical buffet food.
4	This place is easy (relatively) cheap fast buffet... great place to go to for lunch/breakfast if you want something simple like fresh fruits and an omelet. The ice cream waffle cones are great too. hint... the half price tix place have discounts for this place on the weekdays. we paid less than $10 for lunch so felt like we got our worth just eating some fruits and getting lots of OJ! and we didn't have to wait at all.
2	Wow..has this place ever gone downhill. Gave it two tries last week while in town and was disappointed both times. Selection was ok but much of the food was cold and/or tough. Nothing like my last trip to Vegas. I'm not sure if we were getting there too early and be served lunch leftovers or what the deal was. Most of the cook staff seemed like they didn't want to be there...much less serving food. The buffet at the Mirage was 100000% bet for the money!
3	we had a coupon, which is the initial reason for our farewell dinner. saved a couple bucks for a decent filling meal. not much to complain about.typical selection when it came down to the variety of dishes. quality wasn't out of this world. honestly, after a couple bites i was already on to the next. the taco station was probably the only venue that had me returning. oh, and the gelato too of course. it could use a few more flavors though. unfortunately we had a late dinner so by the time we were ready for dessert, cotton candy was over! boohoo to the one thing that seemed interesting!our waitress was really sweet and super efficient as well. which is more that i can say for the hostess who practically chewed my head off for not wearing shoes! that is until i pointed down and she realized i was in flats and carrying my heels...
2	After our visit to a time share, we were offered free gaming money, Jubilee tickets at Bally's, and three two-for-one coupons for the Flavors, the Buffet at Harrah's. We went at dinnertime and there was a long line, which I expected.   I was not really impressed with this buffet.  There seemed to be something seriously wrong with the seafood selections.  The stone crabs and crab legs were really hard to open and retrieve any meat from; so I gave up on them.  From the other reviews I read, it seems like the crab legs were hot.  The ones we tried to eat were on ice.  Also, the prime rib seemed super fatty.  They had a good selection of Southern food and I liked the burrito bar.  For dessert, the chocolate fountain with marshmallows and strawberries was a nice touch.  I think there are better buffets to be had in Las Vegas.
5	Love it!!!we stay at harrahs all the time and for this is one of the many reasons.it IS pricey.BUT so goood.champagne brunch is amazing.the waitress' are my favorites on the strip,The selection is beyond mebe prepared to leave here at least 15-20 pounds heavier.im actually craving there breakfest right now...
3	This is the Harrah's Casino Buffet.  We went there on a Sunday night. I would say that this is a 4 star buffet but lost a star because there is no soft serve.  What kind of respectable buffet doesn't have soft serve!?!?!?!Gelato?  Ice cream? whatever? you got to have soft serve.
3	Featured many different kinds of cuisines -- Mexican, Southern US, Asian, Italian.  Nothing too ambitious though, but the food was alright in terms of quality.  Snow crabs were a standout, perhaps the best I've had.  The stone crabs required the clamp to open, but they were meaty so it's not bad.  This place had breaded oysters, if that's your thing.  I didn't notice many other buffets serving oysters.This place had gelato, which was delicious.  They don't scoop a lot for you, though.  The desserts were about average as far as Vegas hotel buffets go.Wait staff was slow with removing our plates and refilling drinks.
2	Evidently I completely blocked this place from my memory the first time I ate here. We booked this from tix4dinner saving about $2 per person. This is a perfect example of what's wrong with most buffets. The food was bland hotel food at it's best (sic). The meats were all low grade cuts and the buffet was clearly designed for quantity not quality. The redeeming part was the Chocolate fountain and the Cotton Candy. If a buffet is a must for your trip, try the Le Village Buffet at Paris. I went last year and it was several steps ahead of this one.
3	We enjoyed this buffet. It was a little too pricey considering the Bellagio (which is awesome) is only a few dollars more. But there was quite a variety of items, and staff were pleasant. Not sure if I would return with all the other options on the strip.
1	Bad bad bad bad badI only ate here because it was close by.Came on a Saturday, we didn't really want the champagne, but they still charged us the $22 bucks for it.The food, bleh.Tri-colored potatoes were too saltycorn bread was super drychocolate cake was more like a solid block of fudgeThe "cheese cake" was crap and multi coloredPlus the lack of fresh fruit/vegetables.  Were all not ripe.The only thing I remember that was good was the mashed potatoes.  And yay for cotton candy.This place def was not the place for a vegetarian either, I pretty much just loaded up on junk food and carbs.I'd have to say our waiter was really attentive and nice though.
1	Gross.  I knew it would not be the best, but I was here for a cheap table game, and I settled.  The waiters were surly and unprofessional, dropping off two of my sodas and leaving forever, arguing within earshot, not looking you in the eye.  The selection was terrible, salty, and of low quality.  The only thing I enjoyed here was the cotton candy, and guess what, TI has that too!  And somehow, it is a better quality cotton candy.  Keep walking!
3	This buffet is only "alright" for what you pay for.  The price doesn't matter between weekend and weekdays.  For a weekday, we actually had to wait in line for a good 15 minutes since we went with the dinner rush. Our server or rather, the busboy was courteous and fast with clearing up the tables.  As for food, I aimed for the more expensive stuff such as steak, shrimp, oyster, and lobster (didn't want to fill up on cheap carbs).  I wasn't too disappointed, but I got tired with my food choices eventually.  Their dessert section is huge and they even served sugarless cakes!  I was hoping for some tiramisu cake but was disappointed that they didn't serve any.  The clam chowder was too "thick" and salty; even pouring it made it look all gooey.  They also have a selection of Asian food but that didn't appeal much to me, but they also had small sesame balls that made me miss dim sum.  Given the variety of food choices in Vegas, I don't think I would come by again unless it is because I'm staying at Harrahs.
3	I've had better buffets, but Flavors is decent. The waiter was attentive which is always good. The food was okay, some of the highlights were the fried oysters, prime rib (a bit on the rare side but I liked it), king crab legs, and cotton candy! There's an okay selection at this buffet.
5	I wanted a buffet with prime rib. My mom wanted crab legs. This dinner buffet served both. Its stations include salad, seafood, Italian, Asian, Mexican, pizza, pasta, and desserts - complete with gelato, tiny tarts, and a chocolate fountain. I'm probably forgetting some type of food, but I hope you get the picture - an amazingly vast array of choices - even for a buffet.For my first plate, I marched right up to the prime rib station and asked for a slice. I got it with the horseradish sauce - strong but in a good way - along with broccoli, a couple of red potatoes, and a piece of maki sushi from the Asian station nearby for my walk back to the table.  The service was great. Our waiter was very experienced, once holding a tray of dirty dishes, probably amounting to almost 20. He joked with my mom denying her a change in beverage choice from iced tea to coffee, and we almost fell for it. When my Oma asked for a wet nap, he brought a small handful and knowingly said she could take them in her purse. Of course, the man serving the prime rib was friendly. The second time I came up and got less horseradish sauce, he jokingly gave me a hard time about not taking more. Even one of the other diners encouraged me to take more food at the seafood section. Hesitant about how many crab legs or shrimp to take, I got his support in thinking that I could finish it.Not even out of fear of judgment but more to save you the details, I'm not going to attempt to list everything I ate at this buffet. Basically, the variety and service impressed me.
2	Ugh.  I didn't get food poisoning - that's about the best thing I can say about this buffet.I went here for dinner last week and it ended up being my least favorite of the buffets I visited during my stay in Las Vegas.  The food was generally old and dried out (sitting in a steam tray for way too long will do that), there wasn't enough variety (my boyfriend, who is a picky eater, ended up filling up on bread and salad), and the atmosphere was gloomy (it's smack dab in the center of the casino with no natural light and lots of noise).I don't care if you have a coupon for this place - stay away.
3	Yet another hotel buffet.  Nothing really special, but at least it was clean and the servers were friendly and attentive.  I think a buffet is good if you don't get sick afterwards, so there's a plus.They had cotton candy, which is unusual.  I love cotton candy.  Their carving station was pretty good, but there is nothing else that really stands out here.  I'd rather go to some better buffets that are slightly off the strip.
3	I thought this buffet was pretty good. We had a table of 8 and the waiter was pretty good on remembering our drink orders. The food was pretty good, not the best. But good enough to go back for seconds and thirds. Loved the cotton candy!
5	This place is pretty good! We came here, around dinner time, and picked up some really good food!They have crabs legs. That's a plus.They have cappachino! That's another plus!The servers there were pretty fast! Triple plus!This place is really big and nice! I would love to come back here! I think next time I want to try lunch! :D
1	I should have known not to eat here after the rude cashier that took my money.  We decided to do the 7 casino buffet pass (which they would not sell for $34.99 since we did not have the player's card and did not want to spend another 45 minutes in line so we could sign up for one) and decided to buy when we got to the front cashier and she made us pay the $39.99 in order to proceed through the buffet at Harrah's, big mistake, costly and totally not worth it - at least not there!  The next day we went to the Le Village Buffet at Paris and had a much different experience - go there instead!  The buffet looks upscale so you believe you are getting a quality experience - which you expect to get based on the high cost of their buffet, unfortunately all it delivered was low quality food and possible stomach poisening for one of my guests (I did not report them because we couldn't tell if it was stomach poisoning or a really bad stomach flu, and since he ate different food then the rest of us, there was no way to tell).None of the food was appealing, I ate a few bites from a steak that tasted like it was from a couple of days ago.  As soon as I bit into a portion that tasted bad I spit it out in my napkin and decided against any further meat from them.  My sister had a piece of chicken and after taking a few bites saw some red blood close to the bone and that turned her stomach after that.  Our entire experience was so bad that I will never go there again, none of us will.Save your money and eat at a better place, you'll definitely not be missing anything.
3	Paid for breakfast, and stayed til lunch.  Got to enjoy both meals.  Not a bad deal.  The downside is that the quality and service lacked.
1	today was our last day in vegas.  My friend and I went to grab some breakfest buffet before heading back home.  This place was not so great at all, just like Spice Market Buffet at Planet Hollywood casino.  Foods was dry, pancake was tasteless,  biscuit and gravy was cold and hard on the edge.  Price was ok but not worh the eat.
2	Went to this buffet for dinner on Saturday night. We bought the Buffet of Buffets wristband and this was our first stop. Since we were going to the Improv at Harrah's afterwards, it made sense to have dinner there. Wish we hadn't. The food was terrible. The crab legs were still frozen and tasteless. I let them sit there for a while hoping they would thaw, but even then the flavor was awful. There is too much meat and not a lot of side dishes. The dessert table sucked. I'd go to Caesars over this place anytime!
4	Obviously Vegas buffets are totally hit or miss but not only was the Flavors set up very modern and HUGE, their array of food was impressive from Mexican to Middle Eastern, which I promptly loaded up on. In most buffets you could hit every section of food a couple of times but this one was so big that you really had to just narrow down to choosing a couple. One of which MUST be the dessert area. Omg...tiny little carrot cakes, apple crumbles, frozen yogurt, chocolate brownies....I really wish I could have taken a doggie bag home. Service was great too. Be warned though--they close at 10 and stop putting fresh food out at 10:30 so if you want ample time to eat get there earlier. They were really nice and accommodating to our big group and let us in right before 10. (Hey, Vegas--why does everything CLOSE before you've even had lunch?!) I'd recommend this buffet if you're right smack in the middle of the strip. You'll have an awesome time stuffing your face.
4	I was pretty impressed by the buffet at Harrah's - we ended up here after watching the Legends show (meh) at around 9pm.  The servers were super nice, and kept us filled with drinks.  I am not usually a huge buffet person, but I gave it the good old college try...And ended up eating my body weight in shellfish.  Ain't no shame in it.Woo!Seriously though, my dad and I are big fans of crab and shrimp, so we were in heaven.  The Italian food wasn't bad, and my parents really liked the BBQ dishes.  (The salad was only okay, but who goes to a buffet for salad anyway?)  The desserts were plentiful and they even offered sugar-free versions of cheesecake and mousse (perfect for my mom and dad) as well as gelato and cotton candy.  If you have a good plan of attack, you will totally enjoy this buffet!
3	came here for the dinner buffetsnow crab legs: thin pieces of legs and kinda dry... i just filled up a plate to get enough meat...prime rib: it was aiitenew york steak: the chopped pieces were pretty goodoh yeah come with group of 8+, means you pay 15% tip also, for not helpful service... :P
1	Generally bad.
2	Went for breakfast - I remember this place being much better several years ago. Waiter was kinda a dick (until I tipped him!), the food was mostly cold (I'd say over 60% of the food was at room temperature). The bonus - no wait. Blackberries are good.
5	Cotton Candy in a buffet. I'm sold.I'm a platinum total rewards member so the exclusive entrance and discount does help out in the long run as this buffet can be a bit pricey if you do dinner or the champagne brunch.I haven't had one bad piece of food here, and I tend to go every time I venture to Vegas. The food selection is so wide, they have fresh seafood, salad-making materials with a plethora of toppings, an omelette station, carving station featuring ham, turkey, prime rib, sugar-free desserts, creme brulee, and numerous flavors of gelatos. And that's just to name a few.Last time I went, I had an amazing older waitress that was telling me stories of when her dad took her to see 'Dracula' in the movie theater and Bela Lugosi showed up in costume and frightened the audience. I give the story five stars but the food is quite exceptional also :o)
3	Had Sunday bruch here.  Got free champagne.  Through it was going to be better per all the online reviews.  Worth your time to eat here.
3	Chose this place seeing as it was listed in the Top 10 Vegas Buffets. More specifically, I came here given the promise of variety, and sushi rolls. No sushi rolls, much to my chagrin, and yes, the variety was there, but quality...not quite. Just when I thought quality and quantity could coexist... My main reason for the low rating was for their overpricing. $25 for a $15 buffet, at best, ehh. After waiting in the unnecessarily long line to get in, we proceeded to indulge in prime rib, which was a notch below rare(I gave it another chance however, to which it improved greatly), rock hard "soft" corn tortillas(the Mexican station would've been great though without this mishap), mediocre seafood(lobster was decent), and crap clam chowder(no positive statement in parentheses to help this one out). If anything can cheer you up from not getting your money's worth, head over to the dessert station. A huge variety of desserts including diabetes-on-a-stick, I mean, cotton candy and an amazing ice cream. No not your usual soft serve on a dinky cone ice cream, hand scooped from the tub onto a mysteriously, amazing waffle cone ice cream. Perhaps my beef with their quality(it is a buffet after all) attributes from the overpricing, so if you can look past that, feel free to come to this ordinary, but abundant buffet. P.S. - The smell of cigarettes may linger through, however. P.S. - No comment on the service, considering it is Las Vegas. But luckily, we got a server who was extremely nice.
2	I think this buffet has a great selection but i can't give it 3 stars because I think PH's buffet is superior. Everyone should definitely take part in the buffet of buffets and find your way here. tons of great food and selection among plenty of buffets to choose from.A perk to going to this buffet is that it's easier to get to than PH and it's closer to all the action. Finish up here and you can head right on over to the parties! not recommended partying in vegas on a super full stomach though. You'll need the room ;-)
3	I will be the first to admit that I am not a huge buffet fan. In fact, I almost never go out of my way to find a buffet, but Flavors at the Harrah's in Las Vegas had moments of greatness and was generally good. We stopped in on Saturday for the Champagne Brunch.  It was $25 per person, but comes with unlimited champagne, which shockingly was not offensive!Crab Legs: I was fortunate to be the first to receive a new tray of crab legs. The crab legs were sweet and although they were steamed, still retained a lot of flavor and were very enjoyable. Pizza: Shockingly the kitchen has a wood fired oven. They cook the pizza in this oven and it is very good. Three or four different types of pizza were available (I chose the vegetarian), but it was thin crust and I really can't complain.Sushi: The sushi here was a challenge. They only serve rolls here and unfortunately the rice was hard, and the fish of inferior quality, stay away from the sushi.BBQ Pork: Wow, they have some Brazilain style pork that was a little overcooked, but seasoned to perfection. Oh and the sausage was very, very tasty too.  Had I not filled up on crab legs, I would have been all over the pork and sausage.Dessert: To me the dessert is the real strength here. Tons of different options. I chose to indulge in a waffle cone with gelatti. Awesome way to end the meal!Overall I enjoyed our brunch at Flavors and I'm a little curious to see how the dinner is...
1	The only good thing about the Flavors Buffet at Harrah's is their service. The workers are super nice and very friendly. It's sucha shame that their buffet really sucks.It's a good size buffet that covers different kinds of foods by regions.IMHO, everything sucked, but there were a couple that were by far 'decent' and they were the tacos, which you can pick and choose to put in what you want, the shumai dumplings, ice creams, and salad.Yet, nothing else was worth my $25 for Flavors.
2	The Flavors Buffet was somewhat of a disappointment this time.  I detected that there was a price increase since my last visit.  There was a large selection of dishes, but I found many to be sub-par in quality.  The crab legs in particular were not good this trip.  They were all dired out and must have been sitting out for quite awhile.  The salmon was way overcooked too.The only standouts were the desserts.  They were all great.
3	Deserts are really good as is crab shrimp and Brazilian pork with chimichurro sauce.  We got a two for one dinner deal because we saw the afternoon show.  Both the show and the buffet at half price were worth it.  Save room for dessert, especially gelato.
4	One of the best buffets...It has been rated as the best in Vegas, and although I think that Todai out does it, it is the only one with Alaskan King Crab already split in half...That is worth a whole star...
3	Flavors has everything that a buffet should have - selection of main dishes, side dishes, salad bar, dessert, etc. but it not overwhelming exciting. The salad bar portion is iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, canned chopped olives, croutons, etc. No fancy toppings for it. OK selection of dressings. Out of the main dishes there was a BBQ chicken that had really good BBQ sauce on it. A chocolate mousse pie and gelato stick out from the dessert area. Service was mediocre too on clearing the plates and refilling the drinks. The line to get in also moved very slow - probably not enough servers since there were a ton of open tables. I happen to like the Carnival buffet in the Rio and Spice Market in Planet Hollywood much better (if you are sticking to Harrah's properties).
2	I've been coming to this buffet before it was even called Flavors... Basically it's like an international buffet but the variety within each country is limited. The quality reminded me of hometown buffet, but it gets the job done of getting you full.Came here during breakfast not really hungry. Stuffing yourself in sin city, what they hey? seems appropriate. There was nothing that I didn't try at this place. If you dined with me before at a buffet, you'd know I eat a lot (like there's no tomorrow). They had an omelet bar which seemed like a hit due to the line, but I'm against the whole waiting in line in a buffet while food is all around you.I can point out many flaws of this place. Service sucked coming from a deaf server who worked as slow as a Windows 98 computer, prime rib was as chewy as the Trident gum I had in my pocket, scrambled eggs had a cake texture that you had to cut through, breakfast sausages had a casing stronger than my iPhone's, crab legs were puny, sushi tasted and looked like two colored lego pieces. Couple of goods were the bacon, crisp, unburnt with a great porky taste. Broccoli were steamed to the right texture. The sashimi got me going back for more. I had a good 2 or 3 platefuls of these suckers. The best thing you can creatively make at this place is tuna w/ 'broccoli rice' wrapped in bacon "sushi". I also got bored with flavors from eating everything separately so I made prime rib tacos, mock sausage bacon and egg biscuits from McDonalds, vanilla tart using vanilla syrup and a heart waffle, and a sashimi sandwich with a dinner roll. For about 25 bucks a head, you'll get full off of "ehh" quality food, but it gives you a reason to be playful as well because you won't feel so bad from eating plates of bland food. P.S. - save room for dessert and don't eat here! They skimp on the sugar, oil, butter or something that has to deal with sweets' flavor. There's a Ghirardelli shop a couple steps from the buffet that'll oversatisfy your taste buds for sure.
3	The line was short and both the service and staff were excellent, however the selection at Flavors, The Buffet at Harrah's seem to be only limited to the usual selections you find at other buffet chain. Both my girlfriend and I were very disappointed considering that we would always eat at both the Fresh Market Square Buffet at Harrah's in Laughlin, NV and The Buffet at Harrah's Rincon in Valley Center, CA. We also ate Eat Up buffet at Harrah's in St. Louis, Mi. All three of these buffets of Harrah's in Laughlin, Rincon, and St. Louis were always known for their variety of food and deserts. Come on Harrah's Las Vegas can do better than that, their sister locations have better buffets than Flavors, The buffet at Harrah's.
3	3rd stop on our buffet of buffets journey. Best selection so far with lots of variety, not your standard buffet fare. I had shu Mai, bananas foster, banana pudding, corned beef hash, and fried plantain. It was all pretty decent. The downside was the service. We had to wait 20 minutes for our drinks (soda and water). I hate eating without having a drink to cleanse my palate.
2	Overall an ok buffet. Not anything better or different than what you can find in LA.  I enjoyed the mashed potatoes and chow mien. Their dessert section is large and they have cotton candy that they allow you to walk out with so that  was cool. I came because I purchased the buffets of buffets and this was the closest to our hotel.
5	Our first buffet in Vegas, and my favorite.  We went here for Thanksgiving and were not disapointed.  Turkey, stuffing AND crab legs??? Yes please.  The wait for our drinks was long, and I did not like how close the tables were to each other (some couple sat next to us and talked about us like we were on the other side of the room when I could have bounced my straw wrapper against their head without any effort.)Overall, great food, great time. Do it.
1	This has to rate as bad as the Stratosphere buffet, only worse because at least at Stratosphere someone will get you a soda, a refill, and clean up the area around your table. I was so hungry and didn't feel like walking back to Mirage or Treasure Island, both of which have great food, excellent service, and reasonable prices. So in  a rush to get some food I settled for Flavors. Wow! What a mistake. Upon walking up to the cashier to pay for my meal, all three cashier continued their conversation, looking at me, saying nothing to me, and talking for over 2 minutes. Finally I said "can I pay here to eat in this buffet" and they looked at me liked I had stolen their kid. Isn't the cashier at the buffet suppose to take your money. And from here it only gets worse.The hostess seats me at table next to a 80 year old man that has no respect for the space around him, or himself. The piled plates, the newspapers scattered around his table, and the booth on both side of him covered in his thrown about newspapers. The hostess tells me to sit and leaves all the newspaper on my seat. I looked at her like she was crazy and she pushed the papers slightly for my butt to have a clear space. From here... oh god, the food is disgusting. Fat and grizzle in the roast beef so bad you can't chew it. Old crusted over foods, and empty containers of food everywhere. After I sit down and eat my food I finish my soda, I say to the waitress can you please get me a diet coke and water. She snaps back..."this isn't my section, I am off." Now she is clearing tables, and is dressed like all the other servers, and she is the only one in my area. So I say.."can you please find the person who is working I would like a diet coke and water." She says, "let me see what I can do."A trip to get a wilted salad and over 10 minutes later I still have no soda. So I ask to see the manager. This buffet was $28. I have no problem with paying $28 to get a decent meal and decent service. Flavors is far from decent anything. Stay away it's a dump.
4	Still one of my favorite buffets on the strip.  Good variety of food and good quality.  Be sure to get the $39.99 24hour deal.
2	Yawn.I wanted to go to what, in my head, is the best buffet in town (Carnival World at the Rio) on Chirstmas Eve of all days. I naively assumed that it wouldn't be THAT crowded, turns out the line for the buffet was almost at the door and the Rio was a total zoo that day. Since we wanted to get the Buffet of Buffets pass anyway, we decided to go to Harrah's since the shuttle stopped right there.......I really should have waited until tomorrow or have taken my chances with Paris or Planet Hollywood. Very disappointing, and not worth it's full price of $25 (which is, shockingly enough, the same as the Rio).First off, the wait was much longer than expected, and it was largely because the line to get seated was almost as long as the line to pay. I understand that this was a very busy night, but we could see loads of open tables from where we were standing.Secondly, HOW ARE YOU GOING TO HAVE A CHINESE SECTION WITHOUT EGG ROLLS? SERIOUSLY. The only above average items in the buffet were the desserts (I know, everyone raves about the crab legs at this buffet, but the line for crab legs never seemed to end so I decided to skip it). 2 interesting things to note about this buffet are that they make and serve cotton candy and they are one of the few buffets in town to serve ice cream and/or gelato in waffle cones. You are also allowed to leave the buffet with them. I think I ate more sugar at this buffet than anything as everything else was so mediocre. It's also quite possibly the most oxymoronic buffet in town. How are you going to have international stations and yet not even the basics of that cuisine are available (see: egg rolls for the Chinese section and tamales for the Mexican section). Thank god we grabbed the Buffet of Buffets deal, so at least we can easily make up for this disappointment.*Our next stop is going to be the Le Village Buffet at Paris. Stay tuned.
3	Staying on the strip and being lazy, we were thankful for a BOGO free coupon for the buffet at Harrah's.We managed to get in right before 3 pm, which meant we paid the lunch price but saw the dinner food.  A decent variety of food, especially for the price.We were definitely surprised to find stone crab, snow crab legs, and mussels on a weekday for sure!My favorite was their chocolate fountain with huge strawberries.Overall, it's a very simple and basic buffet for a strip casino.  We definitely wouldn't be here if we were paying full price though!
2	Had dinner here last week because i had a coupon for $20.00 I was pretty hungry, but to my surprise the food wasn't even good. I didn't eat much because the quality of the food didn't taste good to me at al. I just wasted my money eating here. I wouldn't eat here again.
3	Perfectly acceptable, simple, mid-strip buffet.  I started my marathon buffet of buffets with a champagne brunch here and was disappointed that champagne was extra (it isn't at the Flamingo's buffet) but was OK with $6 for unlimited refills...  and unlimited refills I had!  Seven glasses later I think they probably could have served me soggy Wheaties and I would have been OK with it.The brunch fare was standard, but I was impressed with their having gelato and also a bagel and lox station.I will certainly dine here again.. lacks the lines of the other Harrah's buffets, but offers the same reliably mid-grade food.
3	My group got the "Buffet of Buffets" and I highly recommend it if you're going to go to the any buffet at Paris, Planet Hollywood, the Rio, Caesars, Ballys, Imperial Palace, Flamingo or Harrahs (here). It's $40 bucks for unlimited access to all those buffets for 24 hours. If you time it right, you can catch two dinners and a lunch so it'd totally be worth it. Check it out: http://www.harrahs.com/buffets/index.htmlAs a buffet in general, this place is pretty good. There's enough variety.. even gelato. Granted, the dishes, decor and desserts are not as extravagant as other buffets (ahem, bellagio), but it's not too bad and isn't too expensive. I would recommend dropping by if you have the "Buffet of Buffets" pass.
3	Been here a few times and it's decent enough variety .  Certainly can do better or worse, but it's acceptable.  Good for breakfast and they have a HUGE dessert section.  Typical carving station, italian dishes, and an asian section.If you're doing the 24 hour pass, might skip on this unless you were just looking to try them all or just for convenience.  Better than Flamingo and Bally's, not as good as Rio, PH, Paris.
1	Food poisoning. Projectile vomiting et al. Is that enough detail for you? I hope so. But it was a miserable 36 hours after eating here on Jan 12, 2011. And the food was not nearly tasty enough to be worth the misery. Avoid it.I wonder if Harrah's realizes that they lose money by making us sick so that we were stuck in the room rather than on the floors gambling and having a good time?
2	At first I was looking forward to eating here because it looks really nice from the outside. What a disappointment. Not very many options for brunch and only one mimosa?! Perhaps we were supposed to get more but our server wasnt very attentive except when it came to cleaning up our plates. We had to chase him down for water. Back to the options, most of the food in my opinion didn't have much flavor and looked like it had been sitting around for awhile. During our meal we kept comparing it to the buffet in Vegas Vacation. "Now don't get cheap on me."Won't be going back sadly.
5	When we were going to Vegas, everyone said: The buffet's are a ripoff, don't do it, you get more for your money when you eat at a restaurant... Okay, maybe.But the buffets have their draws. First of all, Harrah's has great promotions. If you sign up for a Total Rewards club, you save on the buffet price, and you get a coupon book for $5 off the buffet, so it doesn't end up being too bad of a deal.Anyway... the food at Flavors: We actually ended up here twice. Once for dinner, once for brunch. Both were excellent. I completely disagree with statements about typical buffets when it comes to this place. Everything was good. A full, fresh, full of options salad bar, a seafood bar, an omelet station, prime rib carved, pasta, pizza, mexican bar (make tacos, enchiladas, anything you want), GELATO, and many flavors of it. I didn't even make it to the dessert bar, but they had sooooo much there as well. I thought everything was extremely fresh and even the display was nicer than I expected. It was CLEAN. Refreshed. Nothing spilled all over the place. Really, it was a great place, and I think if you're trying to please a group of people - it's perfect. They have everything. I think it was around $25 a person with our coupon for dinner, and a little less for brunch.
4	I was impressed by the ice cream station here. It was very good. The food was very flavorful and I like shumai and shrimp hai gow here. There was not as much selection here like the Spice Market at Planet Hollywood but the food was tastier here. The service was not as good though.
1	Save your money. The crab legs were very mushy, and lacked flavor. The steamed vegetables were soggy. The sodas were flat. And rest of the food was just so so. The only positive thing was, they had cotton candy that you could take with you.For $5 more you can go to a better dinner buffet.
2	It was okay
2	This typlifies average buffet in vegas.  Excellent gelato though.  The food was ok, nothing on the main food line left me with a solid impression.  If your desperate and theres no line it will fill the void, although with a chipotle 100 feet away I would say your crazy to eat the buffet here.  Peel and eat shrimp wtf, seriously are we in tijuana?  I will never respect a buffet that puts out peel and eat shrimp, its disrespectful to people.  Damnit I am an american I dont have time to peel my shrimp!  Peel and eat shrimp is like telling a chick u love her then sneaking away at 4 am and changing your number the day after, its just plain wrong.
4	Another cautionary tale combined with a review.  I'll just give you the cautionary tale up front.  The heat lamps over the food are really close.  The buffet has metal containers with lids that contain the dumplings.  Sometimes you have to pull on the lid pretty hard to get to the delicious dumplings.  When I yanked on the lid, my hand hit the heat lamp above and I burned my hand.  A little ice from my drink and it was all good.  But don't do what I did.  Just another safety tip from Holly C. Yes, I am clumsy.Anyway, this was the 4th buffet in the UYE Buffet of Buffets circuit.  It's a nice buffet but lacks the nice view that the Lago and Paradise Garden Buffet have.  The pizza here was very good.  Thin crust, good flavor.  I could have lived without the cornmeal on the bottom of the pizza, but otherwise very nice pizza.The dumplings were also very good, despite the hand burning incident.  They have hot sauce here for the dumplings, which I appreciate. I also enjoyed the gelato.There is a VIP entrance off to the side for Diamond, Platinum, Seven Stars.  I also think you can buy a line pass here to get into the buffet faster if the line is long.I don't think this buffet has an all-inclusive champagne option. At least it was not offered.  But it was one of the rare buffets where the servers offered us coffee afterward.  Usually you have to hunt down a server to get it.  All in all a good buffet.
4	Buffet of Buffets Marathon - Stop #4 of 7 1:30 PMOur 4th stop in the Buffet of Buffets day long marathon.....Flavors was a pleasant surprise.  We were seated quickly and the 1st thing our group did was rest for a few minutes to build up our appetite....ha!  The weight of 3 Buffets in 4.5 hours was beginning to hit us hard.After a few minutes, I got up and took a walk around the buffet.  There were so many great looking items.  I went for some Chow Mein, Fried Rice, and some Pizza.  All of it was outstanding!  The Pizza was especially good....I went back for seconds.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dYMhfzyZyklXELmYq_wfKg?select=ZeAbshtIHc8YWntKI1uEXAIf I wasn't on my Veggie Fast, I'd have some of the Meat at the carving station....it looked really good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dYMhfzyZyklXELmYq_wfKg?select=m27rfSCwfa0LnZyBw6yqyAOverall, it was a great experience and a pleasant surprise.  Everyone in the group enjoyed their food and mentioned how it was one of the top buffets out of the 7 in the Buffet of Buffets.Return Factor - 90%
3	Decent buffet for the price. Wasn't crazy about the Chinese selections. Except for the orange chicken. But the American food was pretty good. The fried chicken and vegetable lasagna was tasty. Lunch and dinner are very similar. Not much of a difference in food but a serious difference in price. Okay buffet if your looking to get full fast
3	By Las Vegas standards this is a good buffet but there are certainly better in the city. However when compared to a buffet in any area other than Vegas, Flavors would receive a higher rating - probably 4.5!
3	The Flavors buffet in Harrah's was ok. The food was not great but not terrible. They had a mexican area where I could make nachos. They also had Cotton Candy in bags for dessert. The crab legs were too much work, but the shrimp coctail wasn't bad.The price compared to the Rio buffet was a lot less, wound up being around $22+tax and tip.
4	This is one of the best buffets for the value in Vegas.  I have been to many and this one offers just about the same as more expensive options like Mandalay's, MGM or RIO.  This is the best one for taking kids or a lot of people.They have an omelette station, big desert bar & many types of cuisine (Mexican, Italian, Japanese, Asian, Salads, French, Brazilian, Pastries, Seafood).  The only thing I do not like is that the weekend version of Brunch does not have a very big selection of fruit.-Provecho!
2	I used to visit this buffet pretty regularly because they HAD a keno board which there are only a few left on the strip. Now that it's gone there is no reason at all to eat here. The selection is eh, the food is eh and the price is the same as some of the better buffets on the strip. I will say that the service is pretty good. Unless you have a coupon for a free or very discounted buffet I would probably skip this one.
4	I happen to really enjoy this buffet!Came here for breakfast and dinner and used the buffet pass. For breakfast, they have an omelet station and it was really tasty!  For dinner they have hot crab legs and crawfish! The server are all really nice here too.  The dessert bar was great, love the gelato!
3	One of the better buffet varieties we saw on the strip. Great lunch prices at 15.99. I loved the fact they offer Mexican, Italian, Asian, Seafood and fresh salad areas in addition to dessert. The servers were polite and quiet, it was very clean and large.
1	No point in spending twenty bucks at this buffet, when you can walk across the street and go to a much better one. Poor quality and poor selection.
3	This was our dinner of the Buffet of Buffet!I thought that service wasn't all that good when we got there.....And I ended only liking the Kielbasa sausage and potatoes..But my husband like the prime rib, which was very tender...When we went for seconds but the drinks never refilled ...?O. Kay!They do have suger free desserts!All you can eat crawfish...! Yum...!
1	Do not come here! Selection and quality is very limited. Don't waste you $ here. There are many other better places. Service was horrible we had to ask for silverware and refills of drinks. Food not appealing you just keep walking past the different options of food. Cause you don't want to eat it. I came here only cause I stayed in the hotel.
4	Came here for the sunday champagne brunch.decent variety of foods from chinese, salads, mexican, breakfast, seafood and even brazillian bbq style meats. I stuck to plenty of pork(bacon, sausage, polish sausage, italian sausage with peppers) and general tao's spicy beef along with other assorted yummies here and there. Only thing that sucks is you now have to pay extra for the all you can drink champagne extravaganza. After a night of drunken shenanigans, here we were getting drunk all over again for breakfast, good times. It's vegas, I think it's a written rule somewhere that this is supposed to happen...From here, off to circus circus blitzed...
2	As part of the Buffet of Buffets, we came here for lunch.  I definitely would not pay to eat here if it wasn't for the BoB.  The variety was miniscule and the food was just mediocre.  There was a burrito bar where you can make your own burrito with either carne asada or chicken asada.  Both meats tasted like crap so I didn't have a burrito.  The guacamole didn't taste like real avocados.  The prime rib was ok and all that special.The service was also pretty slow.  Our waitress disappeared for a period of time and was a real disappointment here.  Overall, not one of the buffets I would choose to go to next time around for the BoB.
1	Totally avoid this place. Spend a few more $$s and go to the one at Bellagio but do so after 12noon as the Japenese and Italian stations do not open until then. The food at Flavor lacked flavor completely. It must take some effort to make simple dishes taste so bad!
4	This was an excellent choice for breakfast. My husband and I purchased a "Buffet of Buffets " bracelet and decided to do breakfast at this Harrahs buffet based on other Yelp reviews. It was an excellent choice for breakfast and they had a great spread. I am a big of an egg snob and will only eat perfectly cooked scrambled eggs. Their eggs were spot on and the bacon was crunchy. Recommend this for breakfast based on my experiences.
2	Don't come to this buffet expecting great service or gourmet food as you will be thoroughly disappointed. However, if you need a quick meal and don't mind flagging down your server for a refill on your beverage, you'll be just fine here. Food - It's standard mediocre buffet food. Nothing stood out aside from the surly "chefs" who made it a point to show their dislike for their jobs. One woman noticed there was no more lo mein and asked nicely if it would be refilled. The "chef" in the back shot back (say this in a surly tone) "If you would just give me a minute I'll fill it up" and eye-rolled his way away from the woman (no idea if he ever did get around to refilling it).Service - It was sad watching our waitress...she was 60+ years old, hard of hearing, and couldn't remember anything. At one point she had a tray full of drinks and she put it down on an empty table and said "I don't know where these go." Another time she was walking around with a drivers license and $20 saying "I don't know what to do with this" even though the guy who gave her the ID and $20 to order a beer was all of three tables away (she finally remembered). She only had about five tables to worry about which made this even sadder.If you want quality go to Wynn...for the $20 I paid it was good enough.
4	I came here for dinner my first night back in Vegas. It was a great way to start off my vacation! I am not a heavy eater and I am a vegetarian, but I still found plenty of choices. The ravioli was fantastic, as was the pizza. I think the pizza was probably the best buffet pizza I have ever had! The dessert was to die for. If you don't eat a lot of meat or entree foods like me, good. Save it for the huge dessert section. The mango sorbet! The canoli's! All of it was delicious. I would return here in a heartbeat, it's really worth it for the price.The only thing that deducted my star was that the cashier was EXTREMELY rude to my aunt! She didn't want to give her a discount (we had a coupon that was valid, etc), and made a huge fuss about doing the extra work. She was really demanding and rude. The waitress that seated us was lively and fun, but then the one refilling our drinks was spacey. I don't like attentive waitresses - but I do like frequent refills because I chug water like crazy. Anyway, I can look past the annoying staff for the yum food!
3	First time eating here and it was not bad.  Decent selection of foods... love the Asian cuisine.. dumplings and sesame seed buns!  Prime rib was good.. a perfect pink.  Service was on point and friendly. Crab legs are cut in half making it super easy to eat.
4	This is a usual stop for me when in Vegas, love their Sunday champagne breakfast - the mimosas are yummy!The hubby and decided to stop by for lunch - BoB time!There was not much of a line.  Our server was not good and forgot about us when it came to refills.The food was tasty and the cotton candy was awesome!Definitely coming back!....oh and they have cotton candy!
4	I am not a Buffet person and really didn't want to do the buffet at Harrah's, but my kids had never been to a buffet and husband I thought it would be fun for the kids to experience. We I have to say I was really impressed. I had great crab legs, steamed clams, a little sushi and a very fresh salad. I didn't eat dessert, but my family did and they seemed to have a great selection. The price is great for what you get. $22 for adults and $10 for kids. I would pass on the wine selection not good. Also the smokey casino on the way into restaurant is less than desirable. But I think it is a great place to try and the kids love it.
4	3 plates of crab legs! I'm not even kidding but that was all I ate at this buffet! I can't explain it but my lust for crab legs escalated significantly in the last 5 weeks or so. It's all I want, it's all I think about and at The Flavors Buffet at Harrah's, it was all I got. =)))Of course I consulted Yelp before heading to the Flavors buffet! It had good reviews and decent pricing so we checked it out! My friend knew of my crab legs addiction so when he saw one diner with crab legs on his plate, he told me about it and I made a beeline for my precious crab legs.  I cracked my first one and dipped it in the butter sauce and I was in heaven! It was so huge, so juice and soooo yummy!  Prolly the task of getting the meat out in one big piece and actually being successful at it adds up to my enjoyment.If the rest of the buffet was good, I'd never know but I still give them 4 stars because of the reaction of everybody else on my table and mainly my happy crab leg-filled tummy.  As I sat there devouring my crab legs, they've gone on at least 2-3 trips back to the buffet and they made really good comments on the ribs, grilled meat and sausages.For roughly $24 a person, it was hella worth it, wide selection and scrumptious dishes, it was a winner! Can't wait to go back! Bookmarked! =)
4	This was the best buffet we ate at during our recent trip to Vegas.  It was fresh.  There was variety.  The prime rib was excellent ... tender and flavorful.  The waitress was attentive.  We had a 2 for 1 coupon and ate there for lunch.  It was well worth it.
2	Compared to the other fabulous buffets in Vegas, I just don't see the need to go to Flavors. Yes, it is a good deal, but not nearly as good as the other choices. Most prices are farily similar at other hotels, and I'd rather spend my money elsewhere. The crab legs are not very impressive, and the selection is limited. The desserts are not very good, unless you like cotton candy.Just like Harrah's in general, the buffet is unimpressive.
3	It's a Vegas buffet!  Not the top buffet around (Wicked Spoon) not the worst (Any Station Casino) but pretty much smack dab in the middle.  Go around 2:30pm save a few bucks by paying lunch prices, then after 3:00pm the dinner comes out including the crab legs.
1	Id rather go to a Chinese buffet in NY. The steak is like chewing gummy bears without flavor.
4	Can't go wrong with this place.  Cotton Candy for the kids, crab legs for the adults!  VIP gets you straight to the food and bypass the lines.  VIP Lounge is more comfortable and service is more attentive.
4	I stayed the harrah's room and i decide to try their brunch buffet.The place is not so big but all food looks yammy.They have toast, coffee, packed milk, smoked salmon, desserts and  very good deal too. If u want to get best quality food in Vegas hotel, dont stay. There are many buffet nearby, if you are ready to spend money for brunch.
4	This had to be one of the better buffets I experienced while in Vegas over the weekend. The fact they were serving Brazilian style cooked pork earned it an extra star.The sheer variety of food was better than a few I'd experienced and our server was great in ensuring our glasses stayed filled.Oh, and Brazilian style cooked pork was bomb. Yah, I know I already mentioned that but it was soooo good!
4	Was pretty tasty overall. I like how they divide the buffet up into different types of food (Italian, Asian, Mexican, Fresh Seafood, Steak, Desserts).Most of the food I got was really good. The pastas are awesome, the prime rib with au jus and creamy horse radish sauce is comparable to a middle-end steak house, and the Asian foods (mostly Chinese) taste just like panda express, which is a plus in my book.I was somewhat disappointed with the fresh seafood selection since much of it didn't taste as fresh as I would have hoped, and the crab legs that everyone always goes crazy over were mediocre at best. Also the dessert selection is rather limited, but tasty none the less.I've been to many buffets on the strip, and for the price you can't really beat this one.
4	Flavors Buffet at Harrah's was very very good. We ate here before the Legends show which we also really enjoyed. The buffet has a great variety of fresh food. I enjoyed the crab legs and other meaty choices. I stayed away from the deserts, but those looked equally tasty. I would highly recommend this buffet for it's quality. Rick D, San Diego, CA.
4	This is definitely one of the very good buffets in Vegas (I have sampled a few myself and considering the price it is probably the top one on my list).Their food is very fresh and they carry a great selection of items from various cuisines.I have been there for breakfast and brunch I warmly recommend the smoked salmon, the sausages and also the skewered pork (Brazilian style). For brunch they even have sushi (not too bad) and even kimchi.Also, the place has a large selection of delicious desserts.The reason I did not give them 5* is the somewhat high price ($20 for brunch and $15 for breakfast), but totally worth the money.
1	We were not at all impressed!To start off, we literally waited almost 45 minutes in line to even get into the buffet.  And, this was a Monday night and it wasn't all that busy.  One thing that really pissed us off was that we were 3rd or 4th in line, but they have this Express Line.  If you pay an additional $5 per person, you get to go into the Express Line ahead of everyone else.  It was quite infuriating to see people walk in and get seated ahead of you when you've been waiting 45 minutes to be seated.Crab legs?  Yea, they have them.  In fact, that's why we went.  But, they were either under cooked or way overcooked and you could hardly get any meat out of them.  They were definitely not worth the wait or the price!The best things were the spaghetti with alfredo sauce and the big selection of desserts.  The carved ham wasn't too bad either.  The prime rib was cold and extremely fatty.I'm thankful that we had a buy one, get one free coupon because it was worth MAYBE $10 instead of the normal $19.99.We won't be going back!  And, don't let the crab legs suck you in; they're not worth it!
2	Came here for breakfast  with our Buffet of Buffets pass.  The food was sub-par.  Should've gone to Paris' instead.
4	Rules of a worthy buffet:1. Eat only meat & seafood, forget about everything else2. 4 slices of prime rib & 4 plates of crabs usually makes your money's worth3. Dessert & if you can take some cotton candy and some fruit, that would be a cherry on topWhat I like about this buffet is that the crab is warm! And is not heavily salted like Bellagio's or cold. Prime rib was pretty tasty as well. I think it's pretty good for a place like Harrah's, I would actually prefer this to Bellagio and not pay for the name.
5	One ServSafe sanitation class and a person swears off buffets for life. That is, until you get to Las Vegas and specifically, until you get to Flavors. First off, the "Ultimate Buffet" applies to about eight of them in various hotels. Sort of a stuff-your-face day pass, if you will. If all you want is one meal, you pay a much more reasonable fee. On that particular Sunday I think we paid less than $20 each - and I easily ate twice that in crab (the point of the whole thing).There is something for everyone. Salads, seafood, pasta, pizza, carved meats (which we witnessed them smoking in-house), Chinese, sushi, Mexican, Italian and desserts for days. Almost every single thing we ate was delicious, definitely worth the money and the wait.
3	We went to Wicked Spoon Buffet, Carnival World Buffet, Le Village Buffet and this buffet. This is the one I like more than the other three.We bought the buffet of buffets for a day when we arrived in Vegas at 1 pm on Sunday. What I like from this buffet were the crab legs, shrimps, prime rib and the galeto with waffle cone. Actually, this buffet has more taste than Wicked Spoon and Carnival World.The crab legs were bigger and more meatier here and they actually scored them so you don't have to crack it open with the cracker yourself, how thoughtful of them. The chowmein actually had taste and siu mei was pretty good and warm considering this is Vegas not LA, the prime rib was tasty also. The waffle cone had a little sweetness in it and it was pretty fresh.So overall it has more taste than the other three buffets I have afore mentioned.Actually, we went back for lunch before we left Vegas on Wednesday afternoon, but this time they didn't have the crab, so not sure if they only served crab on the weekends or Sunday only.Although this hotel and buffet might not be as new or fancier than the other hotels and buffets, will I come back to this buffet the next time I visit Vegas? We might actually.
4	Out of all the Harrah's buffets, from the Buffet of Buffets, this one is the best!  Waiting time is not as long, so that's actually a big plus.  It's not the biggest.  Biggest one is either Planet Hollywood's Spice Market or Rio's Carnival World Buffet, however, the taste and quality of food of this one is much better.The crab legs are of good size and perfectly cooked.  The fruit passion gelato is very yummy.  I also like the Brazilian churrasco.  There are 2 TVs.  One in the dinning area on the left of the entrance and one is all the down in the back.
4	Surprisingly this was one of the better buffets that I went to. The selection was pretty good and the prime rib they had there was cooked to perfection unlike other buffets that are usually dry and flavorless. They have plenty of food to pick and choose from. Like cotten candy...yes cotten candy and prime rib, a match made in heaven.Take an apple or a bananna from the buffet and put it in a bag to take with you. Last thing you want to do is be charged $50 for an apple at the Bellagio. I would stay away from the clam chowder. It was really thick and I'm sure if you stuck a fork in it and turn the bowl upside down it wouldn't drop. It has the consistancy of paper mache, in fact it might be paper mache.**We bought the Buffet of Buffet passes for $44.95. We purchased this at 8 PM. I think it's best to have this if you are going to be in town for a while. Get it late so you can get your breakfast, lunch and dinner all in 24 hours**
2	This was my final stop of the buffet of buffets. Honestly? There is nothing special about this buffet. It has all the standard Vegas buffet choices and does not excel in anything. The gelato flavors were lacking in exactly that. Flavor. It was very difficult to flag down our servers for plate service and drink refills. We were seated adjacent to the casino floor, so the cigarette smoke from the floor kept sailing in making our dining experience less enjoyable.What was really annoying was that they had no restrooms inside the buffet. Being that I didn't know the Harrah's floor layout, it took me about 10 minutes to find a bathroom. I'm surprised I didn't already pee my pants. Again, the buffet is nothing special and excels in nothing. Majority of the food looked like it had been sitting under the heating lamp or on the steam tray for a long time. I'm glad I didn't pay full price for the buffet. I won't ever come back if I don't have to.
4	This was an awesome lunch so I'm giving it 4 stars. Maybe it's because the last one we had was the buffet at the bellagio and it was TERRIBLE. But all the food was easy to find the service was great. All the food I tried was hot and flavorful. The desserts were nice and all the food didn't seem like it sat under a lamp for hours. My husband loved the rotisserie chicken and pork. We liked the tamales and it was cheap! 16 bucks a person and if you get the free players card it's 2 dollars off. If your looking for a good Buffet at least for lunch GO HERE!
3	This buffet is decent and well priced for a Vegas buffet experience. I personally enjoy Wynn, Planet Hollywood, and Rio for a really great buffet BUT the prices are not cheap. Flavors is $23.77 and if you have a club member card they will shave off $2...hey, that goes far on the penny slots! :)They have salad, sea food (crab legs are pretty good), Italian, Chinese, Mexican, and other random American food. The desserts are okay, nothing spectacular. They have a large variety of French pastries but they are disappointing. The Creme Brulee taste more like flan, and the cheesecake is mushy. The best is their ice cream/gelato and cotton candy bar so stick to that. I like this buffet but I don't love it and it's definitely not the best on the strip.
1	At first I loved the buffet, they had a good food selection, they had a bit of everything. Mexican, chinese, italian. That night, I gorged on all they had to offer, italian sausage, pasta, sweet and sour chicken, and even gelato from the gelato bar. After, I walked around the strip with a full stomach. It was a nice evening. Now the only reason I am giving this buffet is because of what happened later that night. I woke up about midnight, and I noticed that my stomach was a little queasy. I just thought it was the food from the evening was digesting. Until all of the sudden, I ran to the bathroom in our room, and chucked up all the food from the night. I don't know what it was I ate, but something from the buffet made me vomit. I will never go back again. There are other buffets in vegas I have had great experience with.
1	I came here once during the time that Buffet of Buffets was only 29.99 for club members and a second time during my last winter break. I have to say that this has to be one of the worst Vegas buffets I've ever been to. I have no idea how they still manage to stay in business. This place is just as bad as the shadiest Chinese buffets (the ones that try to serve everything) back in Los Angeles.
3	The food here was pretty decent, on par with Bellagio. However, they lacked some of the diversity of the other hotels. They did offer cotton candy, which was a little bizarre as I took it from them, but it was actually fun. Overall, I would recommend it despite it's lack of diversity based upon its quality.
3	This is an "okay" buffet. Not as low quality as Circus Circus and Imperial Palace but not nearly as good as Rio. I would say eat here for breakfast but skip dinner.
3	Definitely not the best place in town, but for $8.50, it's not too bad.  The buffet for one is $18.99 (I think), but we had a 'buy one get one free' coupon AND the player's card allowed us an extra $1.50 savings so after taxes, my husband and I ate for roughly $8.50 each.  The food selection was pretty good.  A little American, Asian, Mexican, Italian.....quality wasn't there but hey, you get what you pay for.  It was our last meal before leaving Sin City so we didn't want to eat too fancy.  Overall, the food was doable and the atmosphere was pleasant, oh.....and the service was great as well!
5	Had a blast was down in Vegas on vacation with my family and my fathers family (15 in all) they didn't have seating for that many but they sat us all in the same area. Food was great they had everything from chinese to soul food to fresh sea food and pizza that the kids enjoyed
1	I saw the "Buffet of Buffets" listing on Yelp for iPhone while looking for a place to have breakfast after waking up around 3pm. (That's what Vegas is about, right?) It was rated 4.5 stars, and was supposed to be a good place to grab breakfast. (I figured there should be a better 24-hour breakfast spot on the strip, considering it's Vegas and the place is all about gambling/partying into the wee hours of the morning. I was hoping that's what this was going to be.) Man oh man, was I disappointed!Going to the address on that "Buffet of Buffets" listing actually brought us to Flavors. So, I'm rating Flavors, and I'm going to go ahead and forgive that my expectations of finding a decent breakfast at 4pm might've been a little unrealistic. (Hey, I still think that'd be an attractive destination for a lot of people. A 24-hour version of San Jose's Bill's Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/bills-cafe-san-jose) would knock the socks off of folks seeking a late breakfast on the strip.)Here's what I found at Flavors. (Granted, it was 4pm on a Thursday. You may get better results at a busier time, but it wasn't an interesting enough place for me to bother giving it a second shot.)* Waited 6 to 8 minutes to be seated -- place was not busy and no one in front of us in line. Could've seated ourselves...* Lots of the food was way under temp. I'd say just about everything I tried except the soup were lukewarm and probably a food poisoning incident waiting to happen.* Cheese ravioli -- might've been good if not cold.* Penne pasta with alfredo sauce -- might've been good if not cold.* Italian sausage and kielbasa were OK but lukewarm. Would've been tasty if it were hot. But nothing special here.* Egg drop soup -- the base was unimpressive and did not seem very authentic, but they absolutely sank the ship by putting veggies in it that gave me the impression of Veg-All.* Sushi/seafood I didn't dare touch after finding how poor a state the hot dishes were in.* Fruit was OK but not a good selection (all they had was honeydew and grapefruit wedges).* Every type of bread I could find was stale/hard/dried out like it'd been sitting out too long. (The corn bread and dinner rolls both had this problem.)* Coffee was acceptable and, thankfully, nice and hot.* Had some vanilla ice cream for dessert. Had to ask the attendant behind the counter to scoop it, but that was OK, and she was very nice. Unfortunately the ice cream was the one part of my meal I really enjoyed.Overall, the food not being maintained at sufficient temperature just killed this place for me. The price and service didn't do anything to redeem it. I personally wouldn't risk giving this place a second chance.
2	Out of all the buffets in the "Buffet of Buffets" this had to be the poorest in both service and quality.  The wait staff was non-present and getting seating was made to be feel like such a chore it actually made our party feel a tad awkward.The food while it looked good, it just didn't taste right.  Savory items were bland, soft items were chewy, only the basic stables tasted correctly.  They did have a large selection of sweets but by the time your'e done having salty in search of something good for the palate you're full, so there's no point!
3	Flavors is not the best buffet in town, but they do seem to be one of the most consistent. The food is not great, but almost all of there dishes are very good on a regular basis. The one thing that does seem to change on when you go is the service. This past visit to Flavors we were taken care of OK. Sometimes it took a while for the empty plates to be removed. Sometime we went without drink refills. But all-in-all not to bad.Two things that always stand out for me are: The Ice Cream. It is always great, just give me more in a bowl please. Second is that they serve Cotton Candy. Almost no one serves cotton candy. That to me is very innovative.The only thing I think is completely wrong is the price. It is not to bad at $23.95. I just do think it should be a few dollars less without having to show your Harrah's club card.
3	Very good buffet. I can't speak too much about lunch or dinner, as I usually go for breakfast. Good fresh selection, fruit, eggs, bacon, pancakes, cereal, carving station, potatoe, burritos, asian stuff, donuts, desserts, and ice cream. The cookies and cream is my fav. Service is very good and I love the ladies in the platinum section.
3	The cod was my #1 favorite lunch item here - excellent breading and high quality fish.  Good salad bar, excellent desserts (go easy here folks, your waistline will thank you).  Do this on the 24 hour buffet pass, you won't be disappointed.
4	Good food. Fried rice is moist. Shrimp plentiful. Staff pleasant and friendly. Weekend brunch is $20.99 but a bounty.
5	This is the best buffet I've had on the strip. It is the perfect marriage of price and quality. The line can be a little long sometimes.  Crab legs and amazing desserts make it a winner.
4	this buffet is a good deal.  if you show your players card, you get about a $2 discount.  the weekend price all day is $19.99 with your players card.  if you check-in on foursquare (you need to show this at the players club desk), you get a $5 off coupon.  our buffets for two cost $32(tax included) for linner (we were there at 3pm).  funny how people in vegas eat at all hours.when i go to buffets, it doesn't matter where i am...i'm all for the prime rib!!  i had three helpings of prime rib.  heheh.  crab legs were meaty and delicious.  huge pork ribs were flavorful too.  dessert bar had good variety, ice cream, cotton candy, etc.  other dishes i liked were the 3-bean salad, cornbread dressing(like a stuffing), mashed potatoes, meatball.  the sushi was americanized and a skip for me.  didn't try the shumai or pork bun in the hot steamed area.  i planned on trying the carnitas, beans, etc to make myself a soft taco but they didn't have tortillas at the time.  when i got around to it, there was no room left since i still had dessert left.if you are looking for more seafood selection or massive options, this place would be 3 stars.  i had everything i needed.  i wasn't looking to pay more for variety i don't care for..i even liked their system.  upon ordering, they ask what you would like as a beverage.  it is written on the receipt, so you don't have to wait for the server to take your drink orders.  service was friendly and prompt.  for $9.99, they have all you can drink beer/wine too.
4	Had the breakfast buffet yesterday.  It was really good and we went at 10:40am so we paid the breakfast price but also got the have lunch too!
1	Stop!!!  Turn around and go to another casino..  I might as well been at the chow hall on base.  The quality of food here is terrible.   I cook better.  The only thing that was decent was the shrimp and crab legs.  So if you can eat $24 of this, then this is a decent place.  prime rib was chewy and under cooked, turkey was dry.  The deserts were bland and the service...well what service???  I will never go back.
4	Food is good and fresh. When we come to vegas we usually eat here for breakfast and dinner. No complaints!
4	I have been to this buffet twice now. The first time was this past summer but I forgot to write a review.I remembered the buffet being yummy with lots of options and most importantly AFFORDABLE.So when my brother and I ventured over to Vegas for a turn-around trip, I suggested we hit up this buffet to stuff our faces so full that we wouldn't even consider spending money on food for the rest of the trip. The food wasn't as good as I remembered but it still did what it was supposed to do... fill us to the brim.We only made it 3 plates in before noticing a new addition to the buffet service... the option for unlimited alcoholic drinks for only $9.99 per person!The unlimited drinks option includes domestic bottled beer, mimosas, bloody mary's and wine. It is available all day. So really, if you committed, you could buy it for lunch and sit there drinking for 5-6 hours. I only wish this deal was available without the purchase of the buffet because OH MY GOD... we were sooooooo full after eating and then drinking 6 mimosas each in 45 minutes.We had stopped into the buffet with 1.5 hours until it closed. The first half hour was spent getting food, eating food, losing our table in the sea of tables, arguing with the waitress because I thought our table had disappeared, getting food, eating food. The final 45 minutes of our time in the restaurant was spent chugging mimosas.I'm not sure if you have ever tried to chug mimosas, but it is not easy. The carbonation really starts to catch up to you. The first two went down easily. The second two took a little more effort. We started stirring the mimosas before drinking them to make them a little less filling and bubbly. The fifth was a challenge and required some inappropriate pre-drink belching to clear space. The final drink was downright painful. Our bellies were full of food, alcohol and carbonation. I was very surprised that the final mimosa didn't shoot right back out of my mouth for lack of space. Our discomfort and over-consumption would not have been possible without a very attentive server who completely understood our goal. The mimosas were stronger each time and he was beating us to the punch by delivering our next mimosa as soon as we finished the previous. He even gave us two final mimosas that we just couldn't finish so we gave them to the neighboring table. We left the buffet clutching our stomachs and waddling a little. But we were happy and a little buzzed.So long story short; if you go to this buffet, are of legal drinking age and want to challenge yourself with unlimited drinks... show up earlier so you can take your sweet time. The food is good and isn't expensive but the unlimited drink deal is even better. Go Harrah's!Food part of buffet: 3 starsService part of buffet: 4 starsDrinks part of buffet: 5 starsAverage: 4 stars... hence my rating.
3	Prime rib was a bit dry and crab legs were not fresh. Maybe I went during an off hour. At least they had some good tomato bisque.
3	Huge selection!! Crab is good. The chicken was a little dry but still good. Prime rib was good
1	Blah food in a dark and dismal atmosphere leftover from the 80s or 90s at best. Reminds me of the Old Country Buffet chain ... but at $20 for lunch. Poor drink service. Why can't they just have a self-service fountain? No real seafood in sight, and certainly not the advertised fresh crab legs. Maybe that's just for dinner? After staying at Harrah's, the host hotel, I'm not surprised by misleading ads and poorly labeled EVERYTHING.
2	Argh! Why did I come here again less than a year after my initial two star review? Well, my wife and I were tired with glazed-over eyes from jet lag and too much slot play, and seeing we were playing at Harrah's we decided what the hey, let's go! Yet again we were underwhelmed by this buffet. I do like the fact that they ask you when you pay what you want to drink as it means you don't have to sit down and wait for the waitress to come before heading up to grab your first plate of slop, but that's where the compliments end. The rolls were hard, the salad bar doesn't offer a whole heck of a lot, the shrimp is peel and eat (come on!), and...and...ok their fried chicken was pretty decent.Service still stunk like the last time...our waitress would run away for 5-10 minutes at a time (where she went nobody knows...was she at the craps table?). I left nary a dollar for her as her apathetic attitude made me sad inside. If you're hungry and want to eat quantity over quality, this is your place. Or if you like fried chicken as it wasn't half-bad. Maybe they should rename the buffet to "Flavors, our service stinks but our fried chicken isn't half-bad!"
1	I was there a couple weeks ago for the 1st time. I've been 2 vegas tons of times but never to this buffet. I was sssoooo dissapointed. The selection is miniscule & it pretty much sucked sh%&. Come on the place didn't even have pizza & for the lunch price of about $17 it was not worth it. I actually only paid about $12 cause I used some total rewards points & a coupon I got frm ballys, but not even worth that. Peeps, when u go to vegas & want a good buffet with a huge selection for a cheap price, take the free shuttle frm harrahs or ballys to the rio, walk next door to the gold coast. Gold coast has a good lunch buffet for about $8. Or go to the [rleans buffet, they have pretty much the same huge & awesome buffet for about the same price. The strip buffets are way overpriced. Even the excalibur has a better buffet! Save some $, if uw want awesome pizza ck out a little walk up place in the paris walkway to ballys. I 4got what its clld but its right across frm the paris buffet & its $10 for 2 big slices (the artichoke & margherite were fab) & a drink.
5	Ok so my five stars go to the bananas foster. Maybe it's because I'd never tried them before or maybe it's because they were amazing!!! I'm going to stick with AMAZING! They have cotton candy at the buffet which I thought was a super cute idea but with all the awesome desserts who has time for cotton candy. I swear I wanted to try the ice cream and all the other good junk, after all, my sole motivation for going to Vegas was to eat at buffets but I couldn't get enough of those bananas! I think at one point I burnt myself because I didn't have the patience to let it cool down before shoveling it down my piehole. It was well worth the third degree tongue burns! Yes, that good! I wish I could comment on what the rest of the food was like and whatnot but I'm pretty sure I then slipped into a heaven banana foster comma and forgot all about my life prior to having these bananas. Now I will say that sadly it was a year and a half ago that I went, therefore I don't know if they still have them or if they're just as good. I pray to jeeves that one day I will be lucky enough to experience heaven in my mouth again!
3	Wow this buffet is so empty and Its not the best but heyy its pretty cheap. So we were seated right by the dessert station. It's like the waitress knows me or something! Haha. The server was so amazingly nice, always joking around with us and compliment us. He's old and he looks like the man from UP. HeheFood: 1. Primed ribs: wow super rare... I didn't bother touching it2. No wine or champaign means no mimosa :( so I just got cranberry juice3. A lot of Cajun food , which I love. Delicious sausages, chicken, veggies, and mashed potatoes. Corn bread was so bomb! Lots of carbs. Corn was kinda burnt tho.4.BBQ ribs were mediocre. Someone told me that the meat only falls off the bone if it's over cooked but I guess I like it overcooked. This ribs was yummy and saucey but it didn't come off the bone easily6.cheesecake was light and creamy. Comes in a really small bowl so you can have self control7. Free cotton candy that you can take out. Comes in purple, pink, and blue8. Crab legs were fresh but small. Just grab a bunch so you don't have to keep going back and forth9.Alfredo and marinara pasta and thai noodles are so good!! The pasta was cheesy and hot. Thai noodles was kinda plain but I'm fine with it10. Gelatto: mint, chocolate chip, passionfruit, vanilla flavors: yes I have tried them all in one sitting...shhh The only thing I don't like about this place is that there's no restroom! You'll have to go all the way out to the casino to do your thang. Ill come back again ... Next time.
1	Awful food ...comparable to a school cafeteria. Even worse is their customer service. Our waiter came to check on us or take away our plates but once the entire hour we were there. He yelled across the room to my husband to ask if we wanted more water. Wtf?! Then the guy behind the counter saw me waiting for ice cream... Made eye contact with me, and proceeded to go behind a tray cart to text on his phone. So rude. Will never ever come back to this place even if I'm s taying  at this hotel.
3	Overall, just an okay buffet.  Upon initial view, you would think that you are about to get exposed to a lot of food, but truly, there are just a limited variety of foods that you are getting.  You basically have a Mexican station, Asian section, Italian section, and things off the grill.  Add some cold shrimp and crab legs and that is the vast majority of the food items.  Through in a huge assortment of desserts from ice cream to lemon tarts, and you pretty much have the entire food line up.
1	Perhaps the worst buffet in Vegas. Skip it!
4	A bit worried about the time it took to make it into the buffet, but it was worth the wait. Did not waste my tummy space on salads or carbs, but my girlfriend said the baked potatoes were pretty good. Went straight to the steamed shrimp, prime rib and sushi. All were wonderful. Left room for desert. Raspberry gelato, cream brulee (sp) and chocolate mousse in a dark chocolate cup. Delicious and my own little happy ending. Having 2-for-1 made it all that much better. Next time will go on my own so my gal won't tell me I have had enough to eat!
4	I am giving four because the lady who seated us was very nice and had a pleasant personality. The counters where kept up no food spilt all over them. BUT the best part was the crab legs where fresh. The cold food was put on ice thats important. It was a good buffet for price .
3	This was our 2nd stop on our Buffet of Buffets tour and the buffet here was average. The best item was probably the crab legs, but even then it could have been better.They have a good dessert area where they have cotton candy and gelato. Also the cake selection is great with many different kinds. Too bad I was so full otherwise I would have like to sample more of their selections.The service was not very good as our plates kept piling up after we ate and were not cleared in a timely manner.
4	This is  one of my favorite buffets in Vegas. I've been here several times and haven't had an issues. They have a wide variety of food and lots of deserts to choose from.
2	A bit disappointing. Service was blah. We went here because of a coupon which was good for breakfast, lunch or dinner. They couldn't take it because it was Sunday and they were serving "BRUNCH"! I get it now! The people there could care less if you eat there or not or if you like it. I did have an extensive amount of crab legs which were just OK. Certainly not the best around the area for sure.
4	Ok this is one of my favorite buffets in vegas. Here's the catch.Lunch and Dinner are VASTLY different, and it really isn't just about the food.We did the Buffet of Buffets (See details in my Le Village Review), and we had lunch and dinner here. Both times we added on the all you can drink for 10.00 (Includes beer, wine and champagne). At lunch time we get sat down in Rudy's area (Ask for him if you can he is AMAZING). I would have my champagne glass in my hand and he would fill in on the way to my mouth it was almost a game to see if he could keep my glass full, and boy did I try to beat him. He had my friend at one point with 3 alcoholic drinks in front of her. We never had to ask for a drink unless we wanted something different like wine instead of beer etc. The food was amazing, they had wood fire chicken, prime rib and pork. It smelled like a camp fire it was amazing. They also had cotton candy. I have never seen that at a buffet but it was AWESOME.We went about our day and came back for dinner. Sadly Rudy only works the lunch shift till 3pm.The food was still good, sadly the cotton candy was gone for the evening. However, we started with a female drink waiter. She was abrupt and very inattentive. I assume it was because it was the end of her shift because after she brought our first drinks we never saw her again. We had to flag down a gentleman that was in the area and after that he server our drinks and was pretty decent but we had to flag him down repeatedly and he didn't come over to the table just to check on us. I can see where this Buffet has a low rating due to service, but the food and my experience at lunch was good enough for me to warrant 4 stars.
4	We came in for lunch and we were absolutely delighted, Flavors was outstanding at lunchtime. Rudy kept our drinks full and the Churrasco Pork was to die for, and the $9.99 all you can drink beer/wine was worth every penny. I would rate it 6 stars if I could.It was so good, we thought we would come back for dinner. But when we did, it was like we had come to an entirely different establishment. The entire mood and attitude was changed. Trying to get a drink refill was like pulling teeth, eventually the original lady that was supposed to be our server disappeared entirely and another guy pretty much adopted our table since we were calling out to him so often. The cooks were lazier at dinner than at lunch and didn't get anything refilled in a timely manner (particularly the Churrasco pork) and one of them was just plain rude. The 9.99 all you can drink was not as worth it this time as my companions barely got four drinks out of it with all the trouble they had getting served.Between my six-star lunch experience and my two-star dinner experience, Flavors averages a 4 for on the whole.I suggest you go for lunch, and if you see Rudy, tip big. He's the man.
1	Knowing that Flavors didn't get as good of reviews as the other buffets in the Buffet of Buffets.... we came here for breakfast for a light meal. I got the typical breakfast foods (sausage, eggs, bacon, cinnamon rolls, etc), but even that wasn't very tasty. There was no line at all when we came, and there were only a few people eating at the buffet.
1	So we had a friend in town and decided to go all out and do the 24 hour "Buffet of Buffets" pass. The next morning we got a later start than we would have liked and got stuck going to Flavors since they didn't have much of a line... that should have been a warning! This was supposed to be a "holiday brunch" but there was really nothing special about the variety of selections and the food I did try was consistently lousy. Even the rolls were hard as rocks. I wasted $10 on the all-you-can-drink add-on since our waitress NEVER came around and when she did, she brought me the wrong drinks! I ended up having two bowls of gelato and calling it a day, saving my appetite for an early dinner. Skip this place.
4	The dining room here at Harrah's Buffet is "old school", as is the casino itself, with a good number of miles on it, but it holds its own with the delicious food served!  Mike C. & I whipped in here for the Saturday Buffet, which included crab legs & around 170 other tasty dishes plus sauces & dressings to choose from.  The seating & atmosphere were comfortable, the food was easy to get at (compared to Le Village, for instance), the service fine, & it was honestly a cut above "ok".     :-))$15.99 Monday through Friday if you get here before 11 AM.  11 to 3 is $16.99, weekends $19.99.
2	We went to Flavors for breakfast as a part of 24hr buffet of buffet deal.  The service definitely lacks comparing with other participating buffets.  The only good thing they had was the Spanish rice and Chinese sesame balls.  I did not like anything else.  I would definitely not recommend going to this place, even if you have the 24hr buffet thing.
4	I am not by any means a fan of buffets but, every now an then I do enjoy a good buffet.I have had both the breakfast and seafood dinner at Flavors and both experiences were remotely the same good food but poor service. I thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast selection which contained all the essential breakfast items and a few extras. At $16 dollars a person the price was comparable to any other breakfast buffet or a plate at your average eatery. Honestly, the problem was with our server who was rude, inattentive, and down right nasty. She totally ignored my table. She went around our area refilling just about everyone's glasses and checking on everyone but, my table. She would look in our direction then walk away. Again no problem with the food so I ventured back last Friday evening for dinner. I loved it! Succulent crab legs and cotton candy are defiently a win. However, a larger selection would have been nice. I also noticed the absence of fresh fruit besides bananas and honeydew melon. As before the problem was with the service. My server I believe her name was Jennifer was amazing. The problem this time was with our hostess who seated directly in the middle of the dinning room surrounding plenty of foot traffic. When I inquired about a different table she told me this was she could do and walked away even though half the dinning room was empty.
2	After eating at the Flavor Buffet we decided that we liked it the food was good and the lines were not bad. My only complaint is there is no locals special. So no incentive to drive to the strip for ok food.
2	Service =  meh.  Not exactly friendly folks.   The only person who was friendly was the hostess.  The cashier, server, and people behind the counter were all grumpy.Food = hit or miss.  Their pastas were delicious.... desserts were blah.  Ice cream/gelato = blah  They had decent seafood.  Best part of this visit though, was the drunk lady and her husband.  Drunk lady was arguing with the hostess about seating, then saying no tip for you, and then told husband, if you tip, we're getting divorced.  I'm sure he's missing out on a lot. She still had a drink in her hand, btw.  LOL
3	As far as buffets in Vegas go, this one was decidedly middle-of-the-road. I was thinking it might be all kinds of awesome sauce since the line snaked out to a solid 20 min wait. Weird thing is they weren't even filled to capacity inside. I'm thinking this may be nothing more than a clever ploy to make people think there's greater demand than in reality. Of course, I could also just be reading into things way too much. A dinner for one adult is $25, which is a decent price if you're planning to seriously gorge yourself until your stomach hates you. The theme to this buffet is that all the major cultures are represented, so you can dine on Mexican, Chinese, Italian... whatever you want. The hit of the night was the endless crab legs. I think they were billed as King Crab legs, but these must have come from a midget king because they were small and tiny, like T Rex arms. I still loaded my plate with enough to feed three people. Everything else was of varying quality. The Italian fare had some passable sausage & peppers. The pastas were OK. I grabbed some beef curry from the Chinese section, but the rest of their offerings made Panda Express look high end. There was a dude cutting up prime rib who looked like he would rather drown himself in au jus than continue slicing meat for one minute longer. It's always fun to pick out the employees in Vegas whose faces spell out a lifetime of internal misery from dealing with jackass tourists. They had bananas foster for dessert. Well, actually they have something like 30 different desserts, but one bite of that and I got instant tunnel vision. At least if I'm going to stuff my remaining pockets of space with food, it's a fruit. Sort of. With so many to choose from, I don't see myself coming back to this buffet next time I'm in town. I only ate here because I was starving and it was literally the next place I walked into.
4	This is a review for the BREAKFAST buffet.This is probably the first breakfast buffet I've had aside from those that are complimentary at some hotels, and I was very happy with it. It offers plenty of choices - your standard American fare, some Mexican and Chinese stuff (though the latter seemed like left overs from the night before) and plenty of sweets.   That's what I went for, and I was quiet happy.The mini lemon cheesecakes, raspberry pudding cups, cheese blitz and apple crepes were all excellent  - you'd be happy if you got them at a 5-star restaurant.  Also nice were the bread pudding with vanilla sauce, the cinnamon roll and the brownie.  Less successful was the custard (not sweet enough), the croissants (a bit dry) and the bacon (good flavor but dried out).  The sausages, on the other hand, were great.  Skip the heavy, cakey doughnuts and the chewy bagels, though there is lox if you want them.  The pancakes and French toast could have been better, I wouldn't bother with them.  The biscuits were good, but look for the ones in the warm tray.Don't skip the fruit, while the strawberries were tasteless, the watermelon, cantaloupe and honeydew melon were perfectly ripe and sweet - they were a hit with my husband and kids.  The pineapple was the canned type, but my youngest enjoyed it.There is also a carving station (ham, I think) and make-to-order omelets, which we didn't try.  You can order ice cream as well - I wasn't too fond of the strawberry one.As for drinks, the coffee was fine, the hot cocoa standard, I felt the chocolate milk was weak but my daughter liked it.The minus part of the buffet is that we got it as part of the "Buffet of buffets" deal, but we were so full after eating it that we couldn't take advantage of the lunch buffet that was included in the price.
4	The brunch buffet had lots of food to choose from but not all of it was good. The crab legs were delicious but the prime rib was chewy and bland. The desserts, however, were great. Overall, not the best and not the worst.
3	Its' really "Meh, I've experienced better" but I'm giving it an "A-OK" because their crab legs were served warm, and not sliced open.  I hate places that slice open their crab legs, takes the freshness out of the meat.  Anyway the fact that the crab legs were warm it gave the crab a great sweet flavor instead of the salty/fishy flavor u get from cold crabs at other buffets.  I shared 4 plates with the bf lol.  Damn that hot drawn butter - slurpp!The prime rib was not bad. I mean not the juiciest, but was rare and fatty.  I ate 2 slices.  The pizza was decent.  They had linguini in clam sauce that was surprisingly really flavorful.  Those were the few things i ate and liked, not much for a buffet.Their soups were nasty.  All of them.  They had a really limited salad selection.
4	The last one on the dance card... So, this was the last buffet on our Buffet of Buffets ride. We opted for this one because our friends were staying in this hotel and would not be joining us at the pool at Caesars. We read about this one, but only about dinner... so no rodizio?No line at 8:30... woo hoo! The restaurant was about 1/3 full when we got there. They sat us near the end of the line (or the beginning... opposite of the desserts). Our server seemed the angry type... She brought us our coffee and juice... My friend was joking that they should have dim sum carts so we didn't have to stand. Then a cart filled with juice and sparkling wine rolled by. Ask and ye shall receive.I got yogurt again, but this time with cottage cheese and canned peaches. There were fresh strawberries with whipped cream. I got some fried bananas and mexican beans... I got a pancake... I got a crepe filled with sweet cheese... I got a biscuit with gravy... some bacon... I didn't have any desserts because get this, I was too full! This place was good... I would have eaten here three times. The food was really good...
3	This place is aite. For the price you pay, this place is actually not bad. Their prime rib was perfect. It was medium rate and juicy just how I like it. Aside from that, nothing memorable nor outstanding that would make me want to come back.
1	This buffet was terrible. I read reviews on it saying it was basic and decent? Made me sick to my stomach, the best thing was probably my drink! The mac and cheese was dry and burnt like it was sitting there for a while, but it just came out!! Everything I saw on the lines looked poorly done, nothing looked appetizing. I'd never go here again! what a waste of money.Don't waste your money. I would of preferred mcdonalds!
2	We ate there for brunch during our stay, and it SUCKED. They had some ok stuff, but everything else was awful. Definitely NOT worth the $18.95 per person. I could've ordered something off the dollar menu at McDonald's, and would've been more satisfied.
2	The wife and I ate dinner here, as we had read that they had Argentinian BBQ. We never saw any of that, but they did have their food separated by cultural identities. The staff really didn't seem to be enjoying their jobs, which was probably because of customer complaints regarding the food. The salmon was grey, the salad bar had 20 dressings but 4 toppings,  much of the food looked like it had been out for days (I've seen better corn on the cob in a farm animal feed bin). The prime rib was very good, though, and some things, while looking sad, tasted all right. I've definitely had better. My rating: Staff = C, Decor = B,Food = C
2	Went here for lunch because we had a 2 for 1 coupon. That is the only reason to eat at this buffet. The food is fine, nothing really wrong with it, but basically underwhelming. At any rate, we were well fed for most of the day for about $20.
4	great food! too many choices - I was surprised they have " Pork adobo"  (filipino cuisine) in the house! Only here!
4	This was the 2nd stop on our buffet of buffets tour, and I must say it was a pleasant surprise! My expectations were kinda low after reading the reviews on here, and the intent was to only grab a snack. That turned into 2 plates. Their sushi was really good, my brother and I made 2 big plates of nachos and split them, the other Asian selections were tasty, and it was a pretty good variety overall. I stayed away from the crab and heavy meats since this was only supposed to be a snack before hitting the Rio a few hours later, but my appetite ended up getting hijacked here. I am curious to try their brunch, especially knowing it can't be worse than Planet Hollywood's. There was also no line here at like 5pm on Saturday evening. The service wasn't bad, especially since the staff displayed a sense of humor joking around with us several times during our meal. Overall, I'd say this is still 3rd of the 4 we went to, but I would definitely come back.
3	Not the best...
4	Made a trip back here after a two year absence.  Used a 25% off ACG coupon for their breakfast buffet.  Everything was fresh and good.  There was plenty to choose from.  Service here was great too, far better than at the Spice Market Buffet down the street.
3	Very normal buffet. Nothing special. Good if you want to have a big meal but you will find better buffets with the same price.
2	The dessert bar was amazing and our waiter was great.  The rest of the buffet was below the quality of the Golden Coral.  We had a coupon and at $20 wasn't a bad deal overall.  They had crab legs but they were cold and not steamed.
1	Last year, I would have given them three stars because the food was actually pretty good. Especially their macaroni and cheese. The macaroni was cooked and the cheese was made just right. However, this year I'm disappointed. The mac and cheese was overcooked and powdery. We only came here for a quick lunch and ended up only eating some salad bar selections, prime rib and desserts. The only good thing about the buffet here is that they have waffle cones for the gelato as well as cotton candy. Service here was not very good...waitress took awhile to get us refills as in we were about to leave, then it came out...of course I downed it because it was apple juice. (Can't waste it). =]I would suggest not to come to this buffet unless it is for the dessert.
2	I ate here five years or so ago and it wasn't the worst slophouse in Vegas, but it was close.  It's gone up a notch or so, but I'd still rather go to Bellagio or Wynn if I absolutely must stay on the strip.  Best in town (IMHO) is GVR.
2	Had dinner with at the Buffet.  We were seated at the platinum/diamond section and was really expecting it to be a nice dinner.  Duane was our  server and started us off with warm cracked crab. This was a nice surprise because I had actually come back to the table without crab because the portions offered on the floor were still frozen!  The meal began to turn south from there starting with ME having to bus our own table.  As we proceeded to get our main course, there wasn't anyone around to help us. The main course was marginal.  Macaroni and Cheese was too cheesy, whipped potatoes were watery, sushi was dry, and they were not able to keep up with having their main course of prime rib out for folks.  The chef brought us his Napolean fruit dessert which was very good.  Their cookies and cream and mint ice cream were good as well.  Not worth the price of a buffet to have the best part of your meal dessert and have to bus your tables all night long.
3	overpriced for the quality.  You can definitely get worse.  $15 for breakfast, I expect fresh donuts and bagels.  If it is convenient for you, go ahead.
2	Only reason to be here [if you really want one]:- You have the 24 hr BUFFET pass...and are (a) craving fruits OR (b) want to drink until you drop on bottomless cheap beers [Coors/Miller Light] or house wine [ask] for a price of $10...without hitting the casino/clubs/pubs/7-11As for all else:- the food is SUB-PAR...and as expected [ie: clams & mussels are...UGH, a disaster; prime rib is at its RUBBER prime...and the New York strip...is as hard as the New York Brick that makes up Wall Street; Mexican food section looks and tastes like it was rummaged out of a trashcan - SERIOUSLY]- can't say much about service when you're a platinum/diamond holder; but by observing other tables...they are pretty nice!- OH YEAH, while normal guests have the cold crab legs, Platinum/Diamond section gets STEAMED crab legs, which, IMHO, are a LOT betterAmbiance:- lots and lots and LOTS of elderly people (I'd say that's a good thing if the food was GREAT because the lines to any great items would be SHORT)...BUT as mentioned earlier, the food is pretty much sub-par.
4	Me likey. Of the places we ate, this one was near the top. We had breakfast here, and everything was top notch. They had bacon, turkey bacon, ham, buscuits, country fried steak with gravy, etc.... all the usual suspects were there and nice and HOT! My only complaint is that they didn't have chocolate milk, but it's a small complaint. When I asked for orange juice, I expected them to bring me a small glass. WRONG! They brought a huge glass, which is exactly what my hangover was needing. They had a decent selection of donuts, and their cinnamon rolls were excellent, as was this caramel custard. They only had a tiny bit of dim sum (shumai), and it was just okay. All in all, for around $14 I thought it was an excellent deal, especially considering how much many of the other places were charging.  I will definitely go again!
1	If I could give this a NEGATIVE10 stars, trust me, I would!!First off, let me start out by saying this is the WORST buffet I think I've ever encountered! Additionally, it also made my husband and I sicker than dogs...coincidence, maybe, but probably not! I think I could have gotten a better meal at Shoneys!!I chose this buffet because of the crab legs. When we were finally seated after a 45 minute wait (with open tables everywhere, I might add) and we got up to the buffet, the crab legs were COLD...who the h*&^ eats cold crab legs?!?!? And apparently if you want to have warm steamed crab legs you have to be a VIP or high roller of Harrah's. The manager on duty, Jermon, came to talk to me but offered us absolutely nothing in return other than a breakfast buffet the next day (which we were leaving that morning). I told him that and he said "let me see what I can do" and left the table and NEVER CAME BACK!!!  Very disappointed, especially since this was for my birthday. Big FAIL on your part Harrah's and I hope that others see this and don't come here!!! Don't waste your money, people...trust me!!
3	Second stop with our Buffet of all Buffets pass and came here for dinner. Absolutely no line which was really nice. This place is not as big as the other buffets, but after having one buffet already, I wasn't really complaining. I think overall, the food was okay. Nothing really stood out to me, but it was better than I had expected. I didn't eat too much since we were going clubbing after so this was a good place to go to just so we wouldn't be hungry later. I hated how the bathroom was outside of the dining area though and you had to walk all the way across Harrahs to get to one.
1	Overpriced!  I was very surprised at the expensive buffet price.  Around $80 for three of us on a Wednesday night.  Same price for a weekday night as a Friday or Saturday. It was late and we were hungry, and couldn't decide on what we wanted so we gave it a go.  Terrible! Let's start with the salad. It was a little wilted and browning on the edges. (not terrible if you cover with dressing and cheese)There was a cold turkey or chicken (can't remember) dish near the salads that was pretty tender and good. Next stop my favorite Crab Legs! They were terrible! Decent sized, I guess. But they tasted as if they had been slightly opened and submerged in water for several days.  Soggy and tasteless. I've never had soggy crab legs. It was disgusting. Even drowning in butter didn't help this mess. Prime Rib was ok. No real complaints there. However, I was really disappointed that they didn't have Banana Cream Pie, that's like a buffet staple. Instead I had a fruit torte and a carrot cup cake.  Both were pretty good. The dessert station definitely looked the best.They do have a $10 add on for all you can drink. If you eat here, I think you should go for the all you can drink, because maybe being drunk will help the food taste better.  Also, the soda was terrible. It seemed like the carbonation was out, but they changed it and it was still not good. They also wouldn't give us bottled water "because we weren't Diamond Plus  members"  Ridiculous!
2	2 1/2 Stars***In terms of Las Vegas buffets, Flavors is just alright. Food was decent, they did have crab legs which I appreciate. And they have yummy desserts too! Small portions so you can either A. not feel bad about yourself or B (my option) can try multiple desserts at once. Food is just ok. They have their typical buffet food, Italian, Chinese, Tex Mex, and a decent sized carving station. But yeah, nothing out of the ordinary. And I've eaten at some tasty Vegas buffets. But you get what you paid for.
1	It has been 4 months since we have eaten here last and let me tell you, this is not the same place. Where to begin...We thought we had struck it rich when we arrived and there was no line and absolutely no wait. Now I know why! The food was the worst I have eaten any where on the strip. The crab legs used to be served steamed and hot, now they are on ice. The price for the buffet has jumped by ten dollars per person. I paid $122.00 for four of us. The service was sub standard at best as we had to ask for plates to be removed and drinks to be filled. I will give the waiter this the plates were going back with lots of food on them that just could not be choked down, so that added to his work load. I give this buffet a 1 star just because I can't give a zero. Shame on you Harrahs for this slop!
2	Yay. Cafeteria food. Yay.
3	Decent Vegas buffet. Nice selction from different regions. No watery mashed potatoes at thia place. Shrimp was a little odd...but the lobster was tasty!
1	STAY away from this place. It's horrible. Crab legs are served cold. Not much American food...and tastes awful. Not Handicap friendly. Pies are old and bread pudding is bread slices laid in pan with something on them. Yuk. Don't waste your money. Only giving one star because some kind of star is required.
1	Mediocre food... Lito the guy serving the ice cream was not friendly. :( first visit and last visit. The warm crab legs are only for VIP members. :o(
2	I had breakfast at the buffet, which was $20 with a Total Rewards card.The food was o.k.   Eggs were lousy.  Bacon wasn't great.  There were a fair number of options, but it was all very mediocre.The service however (clearing tables, filling drinks) was very good.If you can spend comp points or just don't want to leave -- I guess this buffet is fine.  However, there are lots of better choices in Vegas.
2	Two things save this from being a 1-star review:  The crab legs, and the desserts.  Visited on a Friday evening around 9pm when you would think a buffet would be at its best since the dishes are being refreshed frequently, but if this was Flavors at its best I shudder to think of what its like at its worst.The crab legs were suprisingly good for a buffet, especially considering the quality that you get on the rest of the buffet.  Desserts were undoubtedly the highlight.  Small portions so you can try multiple offerings, and every single one of them was great.  Plus the gelato station was a great touch.  Nothing else on the buffet was even restaurant quality.  There are Italian, Asian, Mexican, and traditional American sections, plus a salad bar, and I tried a bit off of each section and there's not one thing that would have been acceptable if you ordered it at a restaurant.  Even the low tier buffet chains around the US like Golden Corral, Ryan's, Furr's, etc crank out better food than this.Service was ok.  Great on refilling drinks but it took a while for used plates to be cleared.If you're getting comped or gluttony is your thing then go for it.  Or check your insulin level at the door and splurge on nothing but dessert.  Otherwise stay away.  It's terrible.
3	So came here for a girls getaway, not the Hangover status but more site seeing, during the week (mon-wed). Two nights at $36/night w/free upgrade and free breakfast buffet for 2 per stay. So.. We decided to hit up the buffet before our road trip home. Went to the buffet at 8:10am and no line/no wait. Food was fresh, good fruit, selection of breakfast sausages and bacon. Your typical breakfast food. Bakery section, Asian section w/some pork buns, Mexican section w/eggs n chorizo, tortillas, salsas.. And other sections I can't remember. The waitress was kind and attentive but then again there wasn't that many people there.All in all.. It was a typical breakfast buffet, there's only so much you can have that fits into the "breakfast" category but it was free with the room so hey, why not?
1	anyone who likes Hometown Buffet will like this place. Basically come with low standards and no taste buds. This place/decor also does not impress. yes there are crab legs. It is NOT precut like the other buffets. Sometimes I prefer to eat like a lady and not get my hands too messy. Had it been pre cut/sliced (you know what i mean) i would've gave this place 2 stars. don't waste your time and if you can't get this comped just save your money and go to Hometown Buffet (yuk) instead. Same low quality. if you're still reading the reviews and hoping for the best... good luck! Just listen to me and say NO to Flavors! Your taste buds will thank me later!
3	my mom and I came here since we were staying at Harrahs Hotelit was downstairs and easy access lolthey had really good Chinese food- dessert and pasta  & soupeverything else was kinda bland and dryfor the price please go to another buffet such as Wicked or the one inside Paris.this one is average .... the service is great! I even walked out with a couple cotton candies lol
2	The only thing this place had going for it was a nice dessert buffet. Most of the food was bland, as if it was catering to the elderly. Had a few buffet staples like prime rib, snow crabs and shrimp... but everything else just stunk.We did this through the $59 for unlimited 24 hour access to buffets. This is one you can SKIP! Go to Paris or Planet Hollywood's buffet, and stay away from this place.
1	This is probably one of the most disappointing buffets I have had in Vegas.  They charge brunch prices for breakfast.  No crab legs, no shrimp...the food looks less than appetizing and it looks like its been sitting there for awhile.  For the price, I expected a lot more...the only thing that was ok was the omelet bar and the guy serving the omelets...
4	Good quality for a buffet and the choices are excellent. Really enjoyed their ice cream. Service was good and I was able to get in and out in a reasonable amount of time, which was important to me after attending an all day trade show.
3	We had the wristbands to go to several buffets, but staying in the Palazzo we got a little lazy the second day and went here instead of walking further down. The food here is pretty much the same as other buffets but the service was super slow.My husband I ate breakfast here twice and both times the refills never came. We watched our waitress talking to another table about fashion. I stopped a different waitress and she said I had to wait for our waitress. okay. Finally, she came back for refills about the time we were leaving. I don't think I'd go back here just based on the slow refills, call me picky, but those buffets are not cheap. If you don't opt in for the wrist band, which pays for itself in basically two meals, then show your Harrah's card and get a discount. They were cool enough the morning our wristbands were expired to give us lunch at breakfast pricing because it was about five minutes after they stopped serving it.
2	We purchased the 24-hour Buffet of Buffets pass, had already had dinner at Bacchanal the night before and Paris that morning, and were looking for a third place to round out our buffet bender.  Maybe it was unwise to start at Bacchanal--maybe anything would be a letdown after that--but I just found this buffet to be entirely forgettable.  I enjoyed the prime rib, but most of the dishes were served in troughs and looked as though they might have been sitting there for quite awhile.  Some of it looked quite unappetizing, and I really didn't sample many of the mains or sides.  The dessert was pretty good ... decent selection, and looked and tasted appealing.  I was particularly pleased with the service.  Everyone we encountered was quite friendly, and our server took great care of us.  If you've paid for the 24-hour pass and you're in the area, it might be worth it to stop in for a snack, but I didn't find enough at Flavors to justify paying for this particular buffet separately.
3	Typical buffet. Wasn't anything special and it really wasn't worth it for $20. They did have a good selection, but most of the food was meh. The mac and cheese wasn't good at all, which is a food I didn't think you could mess up. The steak and prime rib, however, were phenomenal. I had an entire plate of it. I can't even explain it in words. Anyway, the dessert was pretty good too. They have an amazing selection of ice cream and the chocolate croissant was delicious as well.
3	We only ate here once for breakfast while we were here this time. But last time we ate here a few times for breakfast and lunch.This place is pretty good for breakfast.  They have a huge selection and a good carving station.The desserts/pastries are slightly below average - some even tasting freezer burnt.The waitress was right on top of keeping our table clean and our cups full.
1	This is easily the worst place I've ever eaten in my life.  I'm a human dumpster, I'll fucking eat anything, and I ate NOTHING here. I spit out more food here than I've ever spit out in one sitting.  My previous highscore was 0 spit outs. I got up to 3 at this place.Granted I didn't get the crab legs. The ONLY reason to come here is for the crab legs, which is not a steal if you think about the fact that you have to surround yourself with retards who are mobbing them.  Other than that this place is a dump.I paid for the $10 all you can drink thing, and said fuck it. I drank my dinner...2 bottles of champagne and 4 bud lights.Some of you may be jizzing all over your keyboard right now thinking: WTF DUDE 1 STAR and YOU GOT ALL YOU CAN DRINK FOR $10.  No, dickweeds, I paid $25 for the buffet and then I had to pay $10 more. So I paid $35 for drinks, and I had to drink them in the presence of an annoying buffet and shit pants children.PS: Who the fuck brings toddlers to Vegas. GET YOUR FUCKING STROLLER OUT OF HERE.  Everyone here hates you, most of all your kids, who are in a nightmare scenario where they are surrounded by video games that they can't play.Think it through fuckers.
4	Me and my boyfriend came here with a groupon (all you can eat and drink-alcohol- for $40). For this price, we rate the overall restaurant a 4 star. I had read some of the other reviews before going and I was just a little worried with how our experience would go but for the price, we figured we could give it a shot. When we first arrived, we were not very impressed- the ladies at the front were not the nicest and certainly not welcoming (almost felt unwelcome) so I was kinda worried we were going to have a bad experience. However, Abba took us to our seats and she was very nice. Our server was Phoung: she was INCREDIBLE! We were so impressed with her service, we NEVER ran out of drinks and she was so attentive.  The food is not bad, especially for a buffet but that's what you have to realize, it's a buffet (quantity vs. quality), I have definitely had worse for buffets. I would probably give the food 3.5 stars overall (but the mexican food was pretty good-especially the quesadillas) and they have a pretty good selection. For the price we paid, we really just couldn't complain, but I don't think I would pay $70 to go there again. If i was going to spend that kind of money, I would probably pay more and try one of the higher end buffets I've heard about.
4	This was our 1 and only buffet stop on our most recent Vegas Trip... I wont do buffets any where BUT Vegas.. And I have to say this one was really worth it... I did manage to find a great groupon deal for 2 with unlimited drinks (alcohol) for $38.00 Cant beat that.... We came on a Sunday Evening for dinner - I started with salad - No complaints , fresh lettuce and spinach - fresh and sweet tomatoes, fresh croutons ... fresh fresh fresh !  We are off to a good start... Then loaded up on Crab Legs and Shrimp - ! Yum!   Perfectly chilled ! Sauces were great... Fried Shrimp was hot and crispy - best way to have it! Next onto meat !   Prime Rib was great, Chicken wings great,Korean BBQ Ribs great - Everything was delish!!!!So full after all that that we didnt do much on the desert, but I did snag a bag of Cotton Candy !!!!   Overall a good experience.. I have to think this is one of the better Buffet's in Vegas, if you get a groupon - Its a must try!
2	It was okay. Definitely not worth the money -- I've had better buffets in San Francisco, even Stockton. The meat and crab was pretty dry and salty. Pasta was good. Mexican food looked unpleasing. The staff was mostly fine. Some clearly didn't want to be there. There was one incident that made me upset. A Spanish family walked in just in time before 10 pm, and seemed to have special treatment with the Latino staff. Their teenage daughter (tall, beautiful, and skinny) walks to the gelato place, and the server, being Latino, puts on a big smile and offers her samples and a cone. I, being Asian and Mexican (but just by looking at me, I look Asian) go up and ask to try a sample, and he says, "I don't have anything for that." My father picked up one of the spoons he used for the other girl and handed it to him to use. The server ROLLS HIS EYES and starts giving us attitude. We even had to ask for cones, for he picked up the bowl at first. I wanted to throw my ice cream at him. I definitely do not intend on going back there. God bless the other kind, fair workers there.
4	This place is great for dinner I came here for dinner with my groupon my first visit and I was actually quite impressed. Very happy with my deal!   The place is called Flavors for a reason everything on the buffet was quite tasty full of flavor.  there was nothing I tried that was bland or not good.  I actually had things on this buffet that in other buffets I often overlook. Although it's not huge and lavish like some of the other buffets the flavors are nice everything tasted great! Even the dessert was good so many options and all good and ice cream on freshly made  waffle cones.I do recommend it for dinner the selection is a lot better.  I went for lunch a few days later  and they had a lot less.
2	Good, we got a deal through Groupon ($36 for 2 with alcohol) and although I've had MUCH better buffets in my time it was just ok.  The desserts and the service were the highlights, not much else stands out. I do wish there were more variety but all in all this was the definition of JUST AVERAGE.
3	We only went one day for breakfast one day and it was worth the money. Lots of choices and options. So many sweet pastries which I love but it breakfast and it not hard to do. Service was pretty good but its a buffet and you get your own food. We would do this again if we stay at Harrahs again but not sure that will happen
1	Okay seriously, not a good buffet at all. The service was excellent, but we will never return to this buffet. There was no variety, the food had no flavor, and I could have sworn there was nothing but meat available. Way overpriced for nothing.
4	Great selection. Above average dessert selections including cotton candy, hand scooped ice cream, and mini cupcakes. Huge selection of seafood too! And don't forget the all you can drink beer and wine! Our waitress just brought us the bottle when we ordered one glass of Chardonnay!
1	One of the worst buffets I've been to. Paid $50 for two adults. The food selections were limited and looked like they had been sitting on the hot plates for a long time.
2	Came here with my partner in crime for a quick lunch before we hit the blvd. We've visited the one in Harrah's AC so we were expecting the same long sprawl of fresh, foods on themed stations just like the one we'd been to...Lets say we were highly disappointed. Its small, most foods are low quality, ill prepared (overcooked) and bland or really salty (the small salty pathetic crawfish). Luckily for us we had a Groupon, and it included alcoholic beverages, I would've been really pissed if we were charged the full price. Endless mimosas, champagne and wine helped me make it through without wining and pouting horribly.  I wanna give 1 1/2 stars but that's not possible so its a 2. The service was great, too bad the food wasn't.
4	Flavor was a pretty legit buffet for the price we paid. We found a groupon coupon which was $30.98 for two people with unlimited beer and wine :)That's a stealDownload Groupon I was sick with a head cold so my eating was limited but if I wasn't sick then you'd probably have to carry me out hahaAnywho for my dishes, I had Prime Rib which was super yummy, shrimp with cocktail sauce which was also very good, corn on the cob (can't go wrong with that), and a shrimp scampi which I kinda thought was going to be bad but it was good :)For dessert I had hot tea and a chocolate mousse cake which totally just hit the spotThe servers and cooks were very friendly and love feeding people I would visit this buffet again and would expect the same great quality
1	The food choices are the worst in buffet history. I bought a groupon dinner and unlimited alcohol, and even the Moscato was nasty. I wouldn't recommend this place to my enemy. Horrible and poor service. Gnats flying around...a waste.
2	Came by for dinner with our 24-hour Buffet of Buffets wristbands.There was no line entering the buffet and once you reach the front of the line, photographers take photos of your group while you hold a giant fork and spoon. The photographers come by your table later to try and sell you the photos prints for $20.The food was left much to be desired. The crab legs were small, and unlike Le Village Buffet, they weren't sliced in half, making it a challenge to eat. The highlight of the meal was probably the meatballs or sausages, which weren't even that great.And what's up with the lack of restrooms in the buffet? I had to walk out to the casino during my meal to use the loo...
4	Pretty good selection and freshness. We liked the the small portions that made it easier to taste many things. Has a $9.99 add on for all you can drink beer/wine. No crab legs. Great cornbread. Great selection of dessert! Use real ice cream including chocolate, vanilla, mint, cookies n cream, strawberry.
4	I love the crawfish and all week of buffet this buffet has the best tender prime rib..!Yummy...!And the waiter was pretty attentive...!I like this one better the buffet at the Spice Market at Planet Hollywood...!
2	This place was a complete joke, if it wasn't for the fact I got it off a Groupon and only paid half price I'd be pissed asking for a refund. So to start the reason for the two stars and not one was simply they have grab legs and prime rib at a half decent price.  Now to start the details of this horrible experience.The service:Ok to start 4 of us went to dinner this evening, my wife and my friends wife are full Mexican however they look white and are fluent in both English and Spanish. We ordered a round of Coors light's and bloody marry's. The drinks came and the beers were seriously room temperature and the bloody marry's were so spicy they were undrinkable. The waiter overheard my wife and my friends wife speaking Spanish, and started conversating, we later found out through conversation in Spanish only now that the waiter saw "us white people" and kept poring in Tabasco and grabbed the warmest beers he could find. This was just so him and his fellow staff could have a laugh. As soon as he found out we were Mexican and spoke Spanish the quality of service took a 180. Without asking the waiter brought us 4 ice cold beers, new bloody marry's and wine for our wives. Our drinks always got filled and he even brought all of us beers and drinks to go plus two decks of playing cards. I found this to be a complete joke and no wonder why tourism is down.The food:The food was of a typical buffet, the crab legs were ok, the prime rib was ok as well, although in my opinion it was over cooked. I did feel the buffet was a bit smaller then the ones I had been to at the other casinos. The deserts were horrible, and some of the worst I had ever seen at a buffet. I tried every single one and not one was I able to muster a 2nd bight and this wasn't just me all four of us at the table felt the same way. The ice cream was the only desert I was able to eat and it wasn't to bad either I think it may have been made in house. In summary I will never go back to this buffet unless I hear that it gets revamped, nore do I recommend this buffet to anyone. If you get a groupon give it a try otherwise try a different buffet such as the M resort, green valley ranch....
1	Terrible food.  It was so bad we made our plates and picked at the food then left and went to another restaurant.
3	Started off with chicken churriscaria which was pretty tender and juicy. With that as a starter, went the BBQ route by adding BBQ baked beans, mashed potatoes and mac-n-cheese and some smoked kielbasa sausage. Overall it was ok. Good but not mmmmmm!  Next, I had a few bites of my wife's clam chowder. I was surprised at the chunks and tenderness if the clams! Very pleased with this particular flavor of New England clam chowder which enticed me to try a seafood plate. As I approach the seafood area I changed my mind. Cocktail shrimp I have to peel?!? C'mon man! No thanks. The fried cod wasn't looking to appetizing either, so I moved on to another "flavors" section. Tried a variety plate including fried chicken, cause you can't mess up fried chicken. Tasted like KFC. Added some orange chicken wings and some "crab" rangoon. Well the "crab" rangoons were veggie. They tasted like egg rolls except they were shaped like rangoons. Not very tasty and misleading? C'mon man! The chicken wings were to crispy to eat. I managed to tear off a piece and chew it for 5 minutes until deciding it wasn't worth it. Ok so no more "food", onto desserts. My choices were: mini strawberry cheese cake which was VERY rich! I ate half of it. Boston Cream Pie cupcake, gone in one bite. Coconut Cream Pie cupcake, gone in one bite. Chocolate crunch bar, gone in two bites. Bread pudding was pretty good with vanilla sauce drizzled in top. Some type of apple streusel with a sweet sugary sauce also was tasty. The dessert certainly bumped it up a whole star. The service was 4 stars. Our waitress always made sure our drinks were full though. Even tried to get my wife to get another glass of wine! My first two beers were just a little cooler than room temp, they fixed that with the next two icy cold Coors Lights. Overall experience was subpar to average at best. Flavors might consider changing their name to Blands. I don't think I will come back to this buffet, especially without a Groupon, which was why my wife came in the first place.
4	Used a groupon of course for dinner Thursday night September 12 including unlimited beverages as they are among the best deals in Vegas (except for the breakfast or lunch buffets with more limited selections.) First time experience at this buffet was very good & I can't understand some of the negative reviews here about the food. Food: Snow Crab legs offered both hot & cold & they were much larger than the Rio sister property which touts Rio buffet. Delicious crab meat.  Peel & eat shrimp also excellent as were crab or shrimp gazpachos & mussels . Didn't sample the crawfish as I not a fan but they have that too.My dining companion loved the prime rib but I just rate it an OK as the small rare slice I had was a little tough & the carver who did not speak English well kept motioning for me to do something with my plate which I finally figured out was take it out of the way. Anyway, a small distraction!Desserts good. Liked the caramel brulee & hand scooped ice cream though skip the cotton candy unless you in need of a sugar fix.Ordered unlimited chardonnay with dinner but when served we tasted & remarked how sparkly & sweet this chardonnay tasted compared to others until we realized server had misread order & was bringing champagne instead. OK, just went with the flow but had to keep asking server for refills.
3	This place is fine for a buffet.  It isn't fantastic but it wasn't gross.  I used a half off Groupon with all you can drink and I think that made the price fair.  Paying any more would be a disappointment.  I went for lunch and decided I wouldn't want to waste a valuable dinner in Vegas on this buffet - but lunch it was ok.  One of the highlights is the "homemade" ice cream for dessert.  It was nice to be able to walk out of there with a waffle cone piled high with cookies and cream ice cream!
4	I like Harrah's Buffet for two reasons.  First and foremost, this is one of the best dessert buffets around.  Not only do they have ice cream and all the toppings (Including hot toppings!), but they also have a great selection of mini cupcakes (let me recommend the lemon... yum!) AND cotton candy to go!  So, if you just want to get your dessert on, I would check this out.  They have huge slices of pies and cookies and other little bites, but a really nice selection of GOOD stuff.  Although, they have swapped out doing Creme Brulee for a flan style custard.  Dummy heads.The second reason is while they don't have 500 tastes, the ones they do have are pretty darn good.  The prime Rib was PERFECT.  They have containers for your condiments.  The service is good and it felt like an overall value.We were doing the Buffet of Buffets so I didn't look at what the price was when we went for lunch, but I'm sure it was over $20.  The only negative was they made you take a picture before you went in and hand you this giant fork and spoon, which kind of grossed me out since I had just washed up in preparation for eating!  When did taking your picture before entering a buffet become a thing???  No thanks.I'd eat here again.
5	Breakfast buffet, def go for it!
3	Yummy food, though some things were definitely not- they have typical variety- Meats, Asian, Mexican, Italian, Comfort, Salad Bar, Seafood, HUGE Dessert Section (which includes cotton candy). Groupon has a buy 1 get 1 deal for weekday lunch or dinner and it includes unlimited alcohol. (beer, wine, champagne, bloody mary)Highlights: -Service from Leo (he gave my bf two beers to go and made me a GIANT cup of mimosa to go)-4 different types of Cotton Candy (in bags, also to go)-Ice Cream Bar-Peel and Eat Shrimp-Lo Mein-Prime Rib with 2 types of horseradish-Creme CaramelLows:-The cold mussels -Salad bar was minimal - No crab or oysters at lunch-Crawfish (flavorless)-Mac and Cheese (flavorless)
2	I wish I could go back in time and skip going to this buffet. It wasn't the most expensive dinner buffet on the strip but we did pay $35 each. I think the awful waitress we had may have skewed our opinion a bit but the food was barely average at best. The waitress greeted us to take our drink order and we both ordered a Coke. She asked us how thirsty we were because if we were thirsty, she wanted to bring us each two glasses because she didn't want to have to make extra trips back to our table just to bring us another drink. I could possibly understand if the restaurant was slammed but there was so many empty tables and she had plenty of time to lean against the waitress station to chat with other waiters and text on her phone.I can't think of any one thing we tried that was worth raving about. As I said earlier, it was average at best but there were several things the we tried that remained on our plate as we went to try something else. We do love Vegas buffets but there are far more to choose from at this price or less that make Flavors not worth the time or money.The only benefit that came from visiting here was the Carnival Court just outside the casino that we went to after dinner. I'm going to have to find a place to review that. Excellent place to spend a Saturday night!
1	Had a Groupon for this place that I used for lunch on the 2nd day of my 5 day stay at Harrah's. I'll just say that Purina must be their food supplier because it was dog food at best. - flavorless skirt steak at the carving station- mussels that looked like they were cooked 3 days ago- sloppy, uninspired, visually nauseating "Asian" and "Mexican" dishes- polish sausage looked good, but I was unable to chew more than once before spitting it back on my plate- oyster shooters (which I typically love) looked terrifying- I'm almost sure the Bloody Mary's in my "all you care to drink" add-on were virgin, and to give them any flavor at all you had to spice them up at the laziest Bloody Mary bar ever put together by human beingsThe only bright spots were the salad which was a solid average salad bar (at least the lettuce was fresh) and the very above average dessert station. I had a desire to eat at the adjacent oyster bar and burger restaurant during my stay, but was put-off to all food at Harrah's as a result of this lunch. Caesars Entertainment should be ashamed of themselves for this display
4	Really nice & helpful waiter/waitresses. My fave during breakfast is Siu Mai, mini samosas & the French toast. They have lots of selected flavors of ice cream too. One thing I don't like is their scrambled eggs. (Ew) I still recommend this place to people. Especially, when this buffet place is Groupon friendly. :)
1	The chicken was overlooked. The soup was too thick. The cannoli and Creme caramel were bland and even my soda was lacking flavor. This buffet was included in a 24 hour special and it wasn't worth the special. I'll choose another buffet next time for sure.
2	Meh. The food/feel of Flavors reminded me of Denny's. The food was bland and the selection wasn't as vast as the other buffets we ate at. Felt like the dining area and food area could use an upgrade to feel more modern or fancy. The one positive I could think of was the cotton candy was delicious. I'd recommend Paris for a better buffet with fantastic ambience.
1	Ridiculous!! The food was not very good. The dessert was the saving grace but was not enough to remedy the horrible service and subpar food. The cooks/servers were rude and just looked menacing. The waitress was poorly groomed and looked worse for wear. Terrible place!!! Never, for the love of God, never come here!! As I'm writing this, the waitress just spilled Pepsi on me!!
3	My husband and I only came here for dinner because our timeshare gave us 2 free meals.  For a free meal, it was great!  If I were a paying customer, the $60 price tag for 2 would probably not sit well with me.  Service is also sub par.  Our lady taking our drink order took forever to get our drinks and when we asked for straws it took the same length of time to get them.  The bus boy also sucked.  I asked where the bathroom was and he rudely replied it was in the casino.  He didn't even give me directions. I think the best part of the buffet for me was the creme brulee and ice cream bar.
3	We came here on a Tuesday for lunch and had 2AYCE ($22) and 2AYCD ($10)for the price of the Groupon for $30.98- In Harrah's- Usually you have to pay for the tax , but the cashier included it with the Groupon. Score!- We took 2 pictures with a spoon and a fork, funny and normal. Pix come out to $25 if you wanna buy it. - We came around 2-3pm, so the presentation of the food did not look as appetizing, not fresh. The sushi rice was hard and shrimp cocktail was running low. - The carved steak was fresh and delicious. I helped myself to a couple more slices. - The variety of the food was standard: Mexican, Chinese, Italian, American, soups and salad, and dessert. - I enjoyed the hard tacos, always a solid choice for me. As long as there is sour creme a guacamole, its all good. Similar to Feast buffet. - The Italian food was tasty. I recommend the  clam linguini. - I usually don't get fried food, but I did try the fried fish fillet and it was good. - For dessert, the cupcakes are small, so you can help yourself to a variety of flavors. - Save room for ice cream, especially their mint, so you can sprinkle oreo cookies on top!- For drinks, I helped myself to hot tea, coors light, and a couple mimosas. - Before you leave, grab some cotton candy to eat while walking on the strip.
3	The food at Flavor's was pretty good, as was the selection of food! I was impressed with some of their desserts. We had a good waitress, which we were pleased about because our last buffet experience prior to this one was very unsatisfactory. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again, with so many other amazing options in Las Vegas that I still want to try, but I certainly wouldn't be against it if we were already in Harrah's & decided we were hungry.
3	They had snow crab legs, both hot and cold. The prime rib was actually quite good. Other than that, the rest of the food was barely edible. If you stick to these two items you'll have a good meal. If you venture out and try other things, you may regret it. The desserts are ok. Lots to choose from. They also had sugar free desserts. Probably a place I wouldn't go back to, but the meal wasn't awful.
3	The food was kinda bland. However, to be able to sit and eat crab legs all night was totally worth it. I will never pay full price for this buffet, I got the Groupon and even that seemed overpriced for their selection.y advice, stay off the strip better bang for your buck at the Station Casino's buffets.
3	Among buffets, this is one is very average.  But the fresh crawfish and crab legs take it up one notch.  Very good--and for big eaters, well worth the $24.
3	Average buffet Decent food. Average prices. Wont wow you. But is not terrible either.
3	In Harras casino we went for lunch because it was not super pricy like a lot of the places around it the food was mediocre at best not great but not bad either.
4	This is a review for Breakfast.  I haven't been here for lunch or dinner and the pricing is different for both.   Flavors buffet at Harrahs Casino for breakfast was excellent.  The line wasn't too long and it was reasonably priced for a buffet in Las Vegas.  There were just a few things to understand for this level of buffet.   1. It's a buffet.  Everything is cooked institutionally. 2. You can find better buffets if y you want to spend exorbitant amounts of money.3. There are just some things that should never be institutionally cooked. .. like eggs benedict.Other than that, here are a few things that Mabee this buffet great.1. They had miniature Belgium waffles with a variety of toppings, yum.2. Egg station where they cook omelets and eggs any style to order.3. Grits, oatmeal, and cream of wheat.4. Good chicken fried steak and country gravy.5. The parfaits, cupcakes,  and desserts were amazing.6. Roast new york cut beef and kielbasa.7. The servers were awesome.   They were eager to please and very attentive. One of the most important things to do is to get a great deal.   $18.99 per person is a little high for breakfast.  If alone, get a player's club card, play a little and use your comps to offset the cost.  If you don't play, then get a card anyway and get the $1 discount.  If party of 2 then get groupon and $28.99 for 2 includes all you can drink mimosas or bloody marys.  There is a little confusion about Groupon calling this a half price deal.   The deal is with the alcohol.   It would normally be $18.99 plus $10.00 for the alcohol add-on.Even if you don't drink,  it's still a good deal.  You save $9.Overall, for the money, it's a great buffet, and perfect for those morning afters that Las Vegas is so famous for.  YMMV!  ENJOY!!
3	We ate here on a Friday night. We had just arrived after driving into Vegas from Phoenix and didn't want to walk too far from Bally's where we were staying. If you're staying at one of the "total rewards" casinos, look in the coupon book you got from checking into your hotel. We got a $10 off coupon for this buffet-score! Being vegetarians who eat fish we were somewhat limited. Actually, we were mainly here for the crab legs. So in that regard-eat your heart out-as we did. The crab legs were good and plentiful and they had legs on ice and hot, take your pick. Like I mentioned, there wasn't much else we could eat here, a lot of meat options, but oh the desserts.....I think they had about 20 varieties of mini cupcakes. My insulin level is rising just remembering this. We got one of each, hey no judgement-it's Vegas, and that way we could share and sample each one. So amazingly delicious. So essentially we had crab legs and cupcakes...a nice balanced meal. In summary, if you have the $10 coupon, it might be worth it for you if you're a meat eater. If not, skip this one.
4	I ate here for lunch on New Years Day. While every other buffet was charging a special holiday price of ridiculous proportions, harrah's was staying with the normal price point. A little over $20 for lunch. There was a lot to choose from and I chose it all! Very good! Great deal.
4	I was in Vegas with a bunch of extended family members, so we had a party of 14 (!). We were lucky and someone in our party was Diamond/Seven Star status, so we were able to call ahead and have the restaurant set up a table for 14 for us. We also had a special entrance and immediate seating, so I can't speak to the wait times (but there wasn't a long line when we went, and it was prime dinner time on Friday night).This was a great buffet. All the food looked fresh and tasted great, and there were a ton of options. I skipped the salad, because the lettuce didn't look like anything special and really who goes to a buffet to eat salad? The prime rib was excellent, as were the steak quesadillas and roasted potatoes. I was also impressed with the cupcakes (what can I say, I'm a dessert girl). Baked goods can really easily be dry, even when you buy them at an actual bakery. The orange creamsicle cupcake was moist with delicious cream cheese frosting. This isn't the cheapest buffet, nor is it the fanciest, but I thought it was a really solid choice. Reasonable prices, good quality, tons of selection.
2	I ate here only because it came with the conference package. I had lunch on 2 separate days - Thurs and Friday.The buffet didn't look appeasing. The offerings didn't look fresh and because of that I barely ate anything. The meat offered at the carving station was tough and hard to cut with butter knives. Sadly, one of the only things I enjoyed is the nachos - chips and cheese - which I can get anywhere really... The desserts were a disappointment. I took a cotton candy bag to go so I can stay up during my conference! The only good thing here is the service. Everyone worked together as a team and were very attentive and friendly.
2	We been waiting for about 20 minutes,  went inside to check out the place,  big surprise... place has plenty of available tables,  I guess they do this so they can force you to buy the DIAMOND pass,  another $20.00 extra, and you don't have to wait in line... food is ok
2	Flavors the Buffet used to be great!  On Christmas Eve we went there during our visit to Las Vegas.  We paid extra for a "special" buffet.  We waited about 40 minutes in line, and when we got in it was 9pm.  They close at 10pm.  They started taking the food off the buffet floor at about 9:35pm.  But, this did not really matter as the food tasted like left-overs.  The food was stale, cold when supposed to be hot, and / or over-cooked.  We tried to complain to the manager.  She basically said "too bad".  When she tried to give us a free buffet ticket, I refused stating it was a conflict of interest.  She go upset about that and stormed off!  The place, like Harrah's in general, has really gone down-hill over the years.  I went to Palace Station and ate their buffet (which you would expect to be mediocre...and it is) but even the Palace Station buffet was better than Flavors.  Skip this buffet!If you bought the 24-hour pass, go to Planet Hollywood (good but has gone down as well) or Paris.  Rio is always good.  Or, just save your money, go one block East from the Strip and go to Ellis Island Casino on Koval Lane and get a New York steak dinner and a great beer for $9.I will never go back to Flavors The Buffet and probably not Harrah's either (they are real full of themselves).
5	this buffet is more on the pricey side and with the players card you only get $1 off but it is so worth it they have prime rib and crab legs and shrimp every day every section  has a huge selectioneverything that we tried looked extremely fresh and was hot and the desert counter oMG it was one of the biggest I've ever seen out in Las Vegas they had probably 15 different kinds of just cupcakesso if you're looking for an amazing experience with crab legs cotton candy homemade gelato and prime rib this is your place to go
5	Impressive!  By far one of my favorite buffet places in Las Vegas (right under the Rio).  For starters, if you are spoiled and have high expectations of fine dining at a buffet...you might as well forget even going, because its not going to happen!This buffet has a whole variety of yummy goodness.  The dessert area is incredible...I have never seen such a great variety before...complete with 3 different kinds of cotton candy (have you ever seen that before).  The food is better than your average run-in-the-mill buffet.  My favorite food item was the creamy clam chowder soup...some of the best clam chowder I have ever had in my life.
2	"They have mashed potatoes!!!" exclaimed a child to his grandparents as if it were Christmas morning.  I couldn't help but laugh.  Just a couple of minutes before that, my wife and I had our photo taken with a 5 foot spoon and fork that the resident buffet photographer then tried to sell to us for $25 during dinner. I had a couple of comps for the "Buffet of Buffets" that were about to expire.  Even though we pretty much only do buffets when friends and family visit, we could not let these babies expire without using them.  The line for Paris and Planet Hollywood's buffets were over an hour long when I called so we ended up here.  No line!  No surprise.  We were last here 5 years ago and not much has changed.  The most significant thing was that they got rid of their chocolate fountain and now give out bags of cotton candy.  The best things were the crab legs which were larger and tastier than the ones at the Rio we had a day later.  I also liked the carving station and the dessert area so we mainly just filled up on those.  The salad, Mexican and Asian stations were all mixed bags.  I heard the mashed potatoes were great....A family of 5 sitting next to us were already on dessert and as we were about to leave, the father got up to speak to the manager to complain about the pasta being cold.  He said it ruined their dinner so the manager fully refunded them!  They were already on dessert!!!  So for cheapos looking to take a shot, I guess you have a mark here.
2	I have been around the buffet block a few times so I know what is good and not so good. My sweetheart of a friend Sue decided to treat me to this buffet so we could get our fill of crab legs!The hot crab legs were a tasty treat and once I got the hang of cracking I was on my way to butter crab soup heaven!The downside of this buffet is the selection really, they have a star like crab legs and the rest of the food options are just mediocre.I had two rounds of salad because the selection of items was limited and I rarely get repeats at a buffet. A lot of the food was just not visually appealing, a lot of it looked dry as if it had been sitting for a very long time. My friends got a serving of prime rib, it was overcooked, tough and dry unfortunately.The desert bar was good, I did get my fill of Gelato and cupcakes :) I forgot to snag some cotton candy to take home as I had thought about previously. However they were not making it and you know out of sight out of mind. They have the cotton candy machine there however they are not really making it unless someone request it. They have plastic bags so I don't understand why they don't make a few bags for people to pick up. Word of advice, if you don't plan on getting your fill of crab legs on your visit then go to a different buffet as there is simply not enough of a selection to be able to get your fill or moneys worth. Anyhow the crab legs and dessert made my night, everything in between is just a plain and simple blur. It was a real treat and I enjoyed the experience with my friends.That don't impress me much...
1	Don't. Unless you're looking for a hometown buffet like experience and a bad upset stomach, just don't. Of all the Vegas buffets, I don't know how we landed here. After looking at a couple different buffets and getting frustrated with high prices, I really wish we had just splurged and gone some place more expensive. While flavors is one of the better "deals," you get what you pay for. We should have taken clues from the empty dining room but we still went for it. I stared in disgust at the subpar day old sushi, picked at the macaroni and cheese and found some barely palatable chicken wings. The desert selection was wide and all included some form of gelatin.The staff was all wonderful, friendly and attentive made the scary culinary experience slightly more pleasant.
2	Got a Groupon (2 for $36). There was heat-lamp  food. I thought both my kids would be kid price but my tiny daughter was charged $25 because she's 12. So that was $25 for a slice of rubbery pizza. She could have gotten the hamburger sitting under a heat lamp in water but declined. I thought the various flavors of cotton candy would atone for the lack of good kid food. I told them they could even get two, but they weakly told me the cotton candy tasted like chemicals and declined to eat anything else. I thought seafood was okay. Nothing else looked all that great. Angel food cake had a rock-hard shell and was only soft in the middle. I loved the creme caramel dessert and when I went to get more, I was disgusted by the flies that were landing on the deserts in the display. When the worker asked if he could help me, I told him about the flies, but he impatiently asked me, "What do you want?" The flies won. He didn't even hand me the desert on a plate. I was about to ask for one if the fresh desserts on the tray he brought out but he just gave one to me in my hand before I even said anything like he just wanted me to go away. The other workers seemed okay. I guess this one hates his job and doesn't care if you know it. Two stars because the place wasn't that ghetto and I liked the creme caramel and the chocolate tart with fruit was good. Minus 3 because I won't be coming back with so many other good buffets around.
3	Okay food, quite a lot of variety but abut plain on the taste... Cheap thou with the buffet pass....
1	Not sure if it was the time of day that we went, but nothing was fresh. I thought the pizza would save it, buy even that sucked. I will never go back and regret not going to the Rio.
3	My uncle has a lot of points and comps at Harrahs so he wanted to take us to the Harrahs' buffet for lunch.  None of the food was very good.  We got to go in the special door since my uncle has a high level in the club.  Of course, there were other people in the line in front of us who should have gone to the regular line but the cashier took care of them anyway.  I guess that is good customer service.We got a table right by the buffet which was nice.  There are tons of options available on the buffet but nothing was superb.  Clam chowder was really the only thing that I thought was really good.  Everything else was just ok.  Crab legs were old and hard to break open.  Salad bar options were lacking.  Hot stuff was just okay.  Desserts were just okay too.  Gelato was good but cupcakes were boring. Definitely not some place I will go back to unless we are eating on points.
2	Decided to visit because we had a buy-one-get-one-free coupon. I would like to say this place was okay, but considering that I have so many okay level reviews I have to put this one slightly less than average.
3	I'm more of a comfort food kinda person. So crab legs, and all the fancy steaks aren't for me. Their mac and cheese: bomb. Asian section is like Panda Express. Assorted fresh sushi rolls: vegetable and crab meat. Their sausage is perfect, not too salty. I mainly came here because of the buy one get one free coupon for lunch. And I can definitely say it's worth it if you love simple genuine food. Sadly my fork wasn't cleaned and was stuck to the napkin. But the waitress kindly gave me a new pair. Delicious desserts: variety of ice cream, cupcakes, rolls, and cakes. Also, they have fresh grapefruit and orange juices! YASYASYAS. This buffet serves Mexican, American, Chinese, and seafood. Oh and their cinnamon buns are  some spectacular shit.
1	I am not embarrassed to say I LOVE buffets. I am, however, embarrassed to write the review of this one.  I saw this buffet on a few top ten lists, all of which praised it for being far more affordable than the other top-notch Vegas buffets.  My experience was laughably bad.First, it's only $10 cheaper than some of the best buffets in Vegas (Bellagio may be my fave) at $27, and the experience is night and day.Much of the food was mislabeled or had no name cards at all, and when I'd mention that fact to the cooks behind the counter, they literally shrugged.  I asked to move to a table near an outlet so I could charge my phone, and the waiter told me "no one will help you there", so I sat 15 feet from where they sat me... He walked past me 10 times and never got me a drink or said another word to me.The food was just OK. Not as big a selection as the Rio or Wynn, and while I'm not big on shellfish and sea food, I'd say that was the strength of this buffet. The dessert selection was huge, but much lower-quality than any of the top-notch buffets.I ended up eating a make-your-own fajita, which is a bad sign. There are so many better choices, avoid this one.
4	In my opinion, this is one of the most underrated buffets in Vegas. It isn't Bacchanal, or the buffets at Wynn, Bellagio, or Paris, but it doesn't try to be.The selection of food is pretty wide, and the quality is consistently good. Their desserts, in particular, stand out; between the ice cream, cookies, gelato, cupcakes, etc, it's tough to go wrong. Plus, at $25 or so per person for dinner, it's pretty affordable (about half the price of Bacchanal, for example!).You can do better if you're willing to pay more, but if you want a no-frills buffet that won't break the bank, Flavors does the trick.
2	Nothing really good to report here, very low quality food, low quality service and not a very good value.  All of the food is highly salted and tasteless.  For what it is, there are a ton of better options on the strip and off the strip, check out Caesar's Buffet, Wynn's Buffet or Bellagio's Buffet, but please don't waste your time here, place is quite below average.
3	The last time I was at an all you can eat buffet I was 15 living with my parents in Central PA. Even at a young age I knew this food model was flawed.... I ate here because it is located in the hotel we are/were staying in. The place is clean and the selection is plentiful. I had the roast beef, prime rib, ham, and mashed potatoes and it was very good: it was cooked properly and it was juicy. My wife had the salad bar and there was a solid selection and everything was fresh and well maintained. I should have stopped, but I thought why not... The shrimp, crab legs, clams, and sushi were all very bad. The crab legs were soggy and lacked meat, while the shrimp was very basic. The sushi rolls were hard and dry and basically fell apart before they hit my lips. Food aside the worst part of the buffet model is some of the people... The types are as follows: 1. The over eaters - they take a lot and eat most of it. It's a bit troubling to see. 2. The shover - they can't wait in line and need to shove other people to get to the food. I'm confident these people think the food will run out. 3. The lurker -  They invade your personal while you are making a selection and then pounce once you move and proceed to gather food with the tenacity of an Olympic athlete. 4. The waster - they take a bunch of food and only take a few bites. Finally there is the 5th and most egregious buffet goer:5. The save it for later. Once done gorging on loads of food they take more to go. I watched a women put food in her purse!!!! While there are other types of buffet goers I think we covered the basic. After my experience here I think I will stick with table service mostly because of the above offenders. Let me be clear here I'm not upset by these people and they have every right to pursue happiness I just don't need to bare witness.
2	SLOT WINNINGS TO BUY BREAKFAST On Thursday night, which was my final night at Vegas, I won $574 in a slot machine at Flamingo. I wasn't planning to have breakfast the following day when I checked out. However I decided to get breakfast for the following reasons: 1) I got a coupon for $5 off for breakfast as a Total Rewards Member 2) Instead of gambling I still can get points by eating here.After the first plate I lost my appetite. Here's why. The first plate included scrambled eggs. I like my scrambled eggs wet but something was wrong with these eggs. They left a bad taste in my mouth and stomach. Gordon Ramsay said he could tell if a person can cook well if it knows how to cook scrambled eggs. Well someone should've vetted the person or people who cooked theses scrambled eggs. I ended only have three plates of dishes because of the scrambled eggs. The rest of the items were pretty good like ham, sausages, hash brown, and blue berry pancakes. But I always felt to determine how good a breakfast buffet is by how well cooked are the scrambled eggs. My advice is if you won big money from the slot machine I suggest skip this place and treat yourself to a higher quality restaurant.
2	This buffet was so so on a Saturday evening. I can't even recall the food I ate because none of it was impressive. This buffet is cheaper than a lot of buffets in Vegas. There's a good amount of selection here - someone for everyone almost. The cocktail shrimp is peel yourself and the beef ribs are ginourmous! The dessert was watery and lacking taste - it's usually my favorite part of the meal! Ice cream was good though. I would only recommend this buffet if you have a coupon, want a quick bite to eat (there's no line), or you have the 24 hour pass and this is the closest place to go.
3	So today we started the Buffet of Buffet pass. Our first start was at Harrah because it was closest to the mirage and we wanted to stop to see the tigers and dolphins. The food wasn't bad, there was a good selection. But as far as quality...not top notch. I was more so impressed by the dessert. Kept on getting up to try some desserts such as gelato or the raspberry mousse. Other than those I found myself indulging in crawfish. First time ever that I tried cold crawfish, not too bad.
2	If you are in Vegas and you want the whole buffet experience... this is NOT the place to go! It has decent food.. decent desserts.. what really caught my eye was the service. They are fast, amazing and super friendly! I had the pleasure of having Rudy as my server. He was so funny and gave me really good advice in life! LOL.. how does that happen?! Obviously, amazing customer service who actually wants to talk to you and get to know you!Overall, i wouldn't recommend this buffet... but if you are doing the whole 7 buffets day thing... I would go here :)
4	This was a big buffet, the breakfast was bland, the lunch was great, the dessert was awesome. Very clean, great service. The price is 20.00 a person. They offer all types of food
3	I mainly chose This buffet because I had  free tickets for Mac King, which wasn't free because you have to spend 10 on drinks. Anywho the show was Good. And we got the Vip, which includes BOGO half price buffet.  Now I saw They had hot crab, so I immediately attack.  It was bomb. Only problem I have is the waiter,  he seems to be all in it for the tips. And seems like he pays more attention to the white folks than the minorities. I had to ask for refills twice, when he passed by quite a lot and saw we had empty cups.  But when he saw he had tips at a table,  he jumped right on it. But he won't get a tip from me. (Waiter Dwayne )
1	Lunch on 06/04/14The first clue for me should have been the fact that once we were seated I got the distinct smell of 'old diner'....Went around the buffet with my plate to see what kind of selection they had...Stale lettuce and dried out cut veggies at the salad bar was the welcoming committee for this buffet for me. Followed by thick and chunky, been left out a LONG time and was beginning to develop a skin like uncovered pudding salad dressing.Oh this has to get better I told myself.Nope.Dried food on the counters, food on the floor and unpleasant smells no matter which way I turned.Left a few dollars on the table for the waitress and left. Nope - nothing from that buffet is getting anywhere near my belly.Off to the Paris Buffet we went....see the poor review on that buffet......Such a disappointment...
4	actually it's a good buffet. Price is right. Lots to choose from. Better than Rio carnival buffet & le village buffet at paris. liked the fresh squeezed juice, seaweed salad. no lines. not crowded. Good place when your time is limited.
4	Came here for breakfast on Saturday morning for the mimosa brunch, and happy we did :). They had a lot of breakfast options including a prime rib carving station, which was awesome. They had eggs to order, crispy bacon and juicy sausages. I was also excited they had gelato, the cookies & cream is a must try.Our server was very nice and took very good care of us making sure our mimosas were always filled. I can't really comment on lunch, they only thing I tried was the fried chicken and mac & cheese that they had just put out for the start of lunch dishes, but I enjoyed both.
4	I was invited because my friend loves the crab legs. The buffet was a little expensive but also paid an additional $10 for unlimited wine and beer. We asked for so much wine, they poured a whole bottle into 2 cups and gave it to us. The buffet itself was great. I explored the entire buffet and it was all really tasty. The dessert is to die for and they even give you cotton candy to take home with you. I recommend.
3	This was our next destination for our "Buffets of Buffets" pass. We went around 8pm and there was no line here as well.Service was really good once again. Our waitress was sweet and checked up on us from time to time. This buffet was much smaller than Rio's and the food was just decent. We came here for their Brazilian BBQ and was disappointed to not find it. Nothing stood out for us and the variety wasn't much. We did enjoy the take out cotton candy though!In the future, I would not visit this buffet again because there are better options available.My ranking of the buffets1. Le Village Buffet (Paris)2. Carnival World Buffet (Rio)3. Spice Market Buffet (Planet Hollywood)4. Flavors the Buffet (Harrah's)Didn't get to try the Paradise Garden Buffet at the Flamingo because we were too full!
1	Beware: horrible food and a big rip off. Come at your own risk.First of all, had difficulties with the cashier and she was very rude. The manager came and fixed the situation, but it took a long time. He was nice though.When we finally got seated, the waitresses were nice and offered drinks right away. The food was so bad, no variety, very greasy and oily foods, nothing fresh, everything was bleh. I could not even finish a second plate it was so bad. For the price, around $24, it definitely was not worth it. This buffet has to be the worst one on the Vegas strip. This reminded me of the quality of hometown buffet and at least their buffet is not overpriced.Overall, don't waste your time and money for this buffet.
2	Ate at Flavors for breakfast and lunch recently while visiting Las Vegas.  In years past, I enjoyed this buffet, but no more after two tries.  Breakfast:  A complete rip-off at $18.  The $5 breakfast buffet (with card) at Palace Station had more tastier selections.  While everything I had was meh to mediocre, the bacon stood out as being particularly bad.  It was served in a bin in bits and crumbly pieces instead of strips.  The waitress never came over to serve us our drinks - I had to get the manager,  Lunch:  Again, at $24 a complete rip-off for very limited selections and an almost non-existent salad bar.  None of the food is what one would consider premium, and was on par (if not as good) as a Golden Corral buffet.  Belileve me, if you must eat a buffet on the Strip or near Strip with similar or slightly higher prices, you will do much better at Le Village in Paris, Spice Market in Planet Hollywood, or Carnival World in Rio.
3	The girlfriend and I decided to get the 24 hour pass for the buffets of buffets. Surprisingly this buffet was not bad.The food was good and the place was clean. However, some stations the food seemed like it was sitting there for a few hours. I would recommend for lunch or a quick snack.
1	I'd give it zero stars if I could! We went late on a Friday night, about 9 pm only because we did the Buffet of Buffets pass.  There was a short line but it moved quickly.The food was disgusting!  Everything looked old.  There are hardly any items for vegetarians.  Going in to any Vegas buffet not eating meat you know you are at a disadvantage, even the pasta, pizza, etc had meat!My husband said the meat was tough and tasted like Hometown Buffet.  I'd say the only plus was they have mini cannoils!  Even they weren't great though.The service was top notch, that's about it.  Skip this one for sure!  It's not worth your time, especially on the Buffet of Buffets when you can go to Rio or Paris.
2	This buffet used to be really good. One of our favorites in Vegas. All I have to say is do not come in near closing time. None of the sushi or seafood was edible and everything was developing a thick crust over the top of it from sitting out under the heat lamp for so long. Definitely not worth the money that we paid and I'll think twice about coming back next time. I understand that we were coming in near closing time, but shouldn't there be a discount for that if the food isn't going to be up to par? I don't mind paying full price, but the food has to be fresh and appealing.
2	For $24 and a small selection of food, this buffet was not a good deal. If you want to get your money's worth, just get the shrimp and alaskan crabs. Everything else was really disappointing. Chinese food looked worse than Panda Express. Japanese sushi were mainly California roll and a tiny piece of tuna on a roll. Gelato was horrible, I ended up putting the ice cream in my coffee. Sadly, the best thing I had were the fresh strawberries. I would not recommend this place or come here again. I've had better.
3	I thought an update was necessary considering I have been here quite a few times the last 6 months. I have been slacking on my reviews or perhaps I am just not as motivated on my review updates? lol Well to be straight up and direct my only reason for visiting this buffet is for the crab legs. The crab legs are always the Star and winner of the grub session at this buffet. Also my friend and crab legs eating buddy really enjoys the additional and optional add on for unlimited beer, wine and champagne (9.99). She can go through two or three damn bottles of white zinfandel in one sitting. I have tried doing the unlimited beer and wine just once, but it is just too much to eat and drink like that. I can eat a lot but not on a belly full of alcohol, hell no. The buffet is small, really not a whole lot of other options of food items. They need to switch up their items, it is the same buffet line every time. I pretty much know in advance exactly what I will be consuming. No surprise as to what will be available at the buffet. I mean come on, think of us locals that visit on a regular basis.It's all about the crab legs, I feel like a crab leg whore with every plate I devour.Variety is the spice of life, come on Harrah's. I know they can do better than this, I have faith!
1	If I could give this place a ZERO I would. Horrible food bad service. The grerter /seater was rude. She acted loke we were such an incovenince when we asked if we could sit somewhere else (it was almost empty) and it smelled like old seafood. Needless to say she moved us. The whole reason I wanted to go there was for the crab. They were old and dry and probably been sitting there a while...super dissapointing . Cravings is more expensive  but worth it if you want good quality fresh seafood. Then someone in my party leaned back and closed her eyes. (She had a horrible headache from the night before and was stuffed)The same greater walked by and said "she is going to have to wake up- no sleeping in here" ( with an attitude)my friend opened her eyes. Obviously not sleep and said excuse me. The server started telling us how it was policy and she was just dong her job. I think the professional response would have been "oh I'm sorry maam I thought you may have fallen asleep" but no she got smart mouthed. Just annoying wjeen your paying for crappy food to begin with. I mean its Vegas everyone has a headache at some point.
4	Just recently we got the 24 hour pass.  Make sure you know your 24 hour clock and get there way before time since they will reject you if you are late..  We were 15mins late.  NO GRACE PERIOD..  Otherwise we love the food and have been there plenty of times before helps when your a Diamond or Platinum card holder.  Like we are.
3	LUNCHWent on a whim, had read mixed reviews.  The food was decent, nothing to brag about though that I had tried. However their selection of sweets was HUGE. If you are into that more than a traditional buffet then this place is your dream.The Server we had was excellent. Didn't have to ask for one thing, he was on top of our every need! Decent buffet but Nothing crazy.
1	Food is bland. Service is almost nonexistent. For $25 I'd ask for a refund. But since I got 2x dinners for $5... It still gets one star. I usually eat a ton.  This time I only had on plate of pasta and salad and one slice of meat they called prime rib. About the same quality as Circus Circus.
3	This place was bearable, especially with the BOGO coupon we got from Wyndham. Went for Sunday brunch so they actually had breakfast AND lunch items fully stocked. I wasn't totally impressed by any of the entree items, but hubby loaded up on the seafood and sushi, so i think we got our money's worth at least.The sushi (according to him) was pretty darn good, especially for a buffet. It seemed quite fresh still and tasted pretty good. I had a Philadelphia roll that was good. The crab legs seemed small, they had UNPEELED cocktail shrimp...which was not fun to watch my husband peel while I was eating, they also had crayfish, which grossed me out, but I'm sure some people would really enjoy.The "buttered carrots" were in some sort of gross, honey butter sauce and weren't cooked all the way. But the mashed potatoes and cooked cauliflower were super yummy. Didn't try the taco bar or pasta station, the salad bar was a bit lacking. The desserts were plentiful and some were really tasty and some were just blah. The highlights were the cotton candy and the gelato! The raspberry gelato was the perfect ending!All in all, if I had paid $50 I would've been super unhappy, but it was a good value at half off, even though they cleared all of our table off completely before we got back with dessert. (They had to get us new drinks and napkins and silverware, which cost them a few bucks off their tip in the end.)
3	Only reason why we went here was because we walked the strip and realized it was best to eat before getting ready for the club but we didn't have time to wait in line anywhere else. So harrahs it was, food is ok here. Not much of a selection and for some reason just taste more dry compared to other buffets. Gave it 3 stars because the service was good there. Very attentive to our needs which was nice. The best thing here was probably their dessert bar, it looked good and clean!
4	My family and I decided to give this buffet a try on our last night in the city as it was in our hotel, Harrah's.  The cost was cheap (can't remember exactly how much but definitely not a splurge), and the food was pretty good, not the best I have ever had but definitely not the worst....The main reason I would come back would be because of Johnny Luong, the Chef Tournant.  I have severe food allergies and he walked the whole buffet line with me to let me know what I could and couldn't eat and also made me some special dishes that I could have.  And let us not forget the cotton candy as part of the dessert bar...yeah, I will definitely be back!
1	Ughh I will never go back here! We got a groupon for $29.99 for two, and it was not worth it at all. The food in short was just gross. I'm not a picky eater, and I couldn't stomach more than a plate. The workers were very nice, but I suggest paying more and going somewhere nicer.
4	Great selections and.food was great. Servers and all the staffs were friendly and always smiling. Great place to eat lunch.
3	Found a Groupon for $39.99 that included dinner for 2 and 4 drinks (beer, wine, soda).  We got there at 6:30pm and there was no wait. Crab legs!!  Both warm and cold.  Plenty of other seafood...mussels, shrimp, and crawfish.  The seafood paella was pretty good.  Also had sushi station, Mexican foods, American BBQ, Asian foods, large salad bar, plenty of ice cream and desserts. Prime rib was nice and rare.  Not bad for the price.
2	Like I said on my check-in lunch was not worth it without my Groupon coupon which was for two
2	Huge disappointment. I think I got sick off the oysters. Not a huge variety to chose from. I had a groupon coupon I purchased online. It came with champagne or wine. Both were not good. The waitress did offer mimosas instead which we appreciated but they weren't good either.The Fresh Salad Bar was really good as were the pastries but the food was so so and some of it not good. Lack of salt or spices but very bland. Don't waste your time here. Go to The Rio Buffet way better. Parties of 10 and more, automatic 18% gratuity. We won't be back.
2	If you don't mind waiting on an incompetent hosts, go crazy. Food isn't bad, service is terrible. Maybe they could teach one cashier how to host. Watching 5 empty tables and a line that's not moving is painful. Not coming back Harrah 's- I'm not interested in watching your lazy hostesses gossip.
4	This is my go-to buffet in Las Vegas! Great selection and quality of food.The service is also outstanding! You wouldn't think service matters a whole lot at a buffet, but it does here. Especially if you go for the $10 all-you-can-drink upgrade. The servers are great about keeping the drinks coming as you make your way through that pile of shrimp and prime rib.I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a great meal and friendly service. I prefer the brunch buffet as a great way to get the day started.
3	Service at counter is quick to seat. Drink and wait staff are somewhat slow. Had to ask for things throughout the meal.The selections are somewhat more on the seafood selections. The food was mediocre tasting at best. Some meats were over cooked or overly sauced. Some items got cold fast. Nothing was remarkable or different from other buffets. Dessert selections are decent but not great. Some selections include crab legs (steamed or chilled), prime rib, ribs, fish, chicken, pizza, gelato, and cotton candy.Staff was accommodating to find us candles for a birthday we were out celebrating. Overall just three stars. Almost two stars had it not been for the candles. I would give another try. Not the worst and not the best of buffets.
4	Oh Flavors buffet oh how you seem to do me better and better every time we meet. This last visit for a crab leg mission was a real treat as the succulence you brought to my mouth was simply mind blowing. Awwww the experience of sucking your sweet meat as the hot drawn butter type juice drips down my lips and chin. Oh how you almost drizzled so far down that you came close to ruining a new shirt.Why oh please why do you and how is it possible to keep me so addicted? I truly deserve to know why this must happen to me? I really look forward to seeing you and devouring you Mr. Flavors buffet man.All I can say is I want more HOT crab legs. I need more HOT crab legs to devour.I go for the crab legs, my gal pal goes for crab legs and the all you can drink wine/champagne. She can drink two to three bottles in a visit!It gets better as this succulent suck fest was completely free! I am a fatty and guys love to feed me :) It is a blast watching me eat and suck down all of that yumminess!"I did it all for the Flavors" lol
4	Great buffet with plenty of variety.  I especially enjoyed the pasta, crab legs, razor clam, fish with mustard sauce and spinach gnocchi. The buffet also comes with 2 drinks of your choice which includes beer and wine. The waitress was also very attentive. I would definitely come back on my next Vegas trip.
2	I used to go this buffet every time I went to Las Vegas.  Over the past year, it has not only went down, but crashed a horribly.  The food now tastes processed, not fresh and they have apparently started using left-overs a lot.  It is just not good.  For $23-27 it a very bad deal.  I ate at Palace Station buffet for $6.99, and that was better than Flavors.  If you want a good buffet for about the same price, definitely go to Planet Hollywood or Rio Buffet.  This place just is bad, now.  It is a real shame, too, because it used to be one of the highlights of our trip to Las Vegas.
3	Me and my 7 friends found this place on groupon and it was definitely a great deal. $40 for 2 including 2 alcoholic beverages (beer or win) per person. The buffet was just alright. Some things were bland whereas some others were too salty like the crab legs. They did have a good variety of food and, of course, the desserts. They have an ice cream bar, not from the machine, but actually someone scooping it for you! But the best part was, the cotton candy. To the man who walked by me as I grabbed all four colors of the cotton candy and mumbled "they all taste the same", well sir, they don't! Anywho, this review was actually for the service. The service was amazing! I don't know if he'll ever see this but this review is for you, Adrian! He was the best server I've ever had at a buffet. He was so funny and entertaining. He was constantly asking if we needed anything. He definitely hooked us up with wine and some other goodies at the end of the night.
5	Nothing bad about this buffet!! The food and service is wonderful! I love the dessert isle
5	One of the best buffets I've been to one the strip. From salad to dessert, couldn't have asked for more!
5	Pleasantly surprised. Was given 2 for 1 tickets to this buffet and at first thought....harrah's? Thats gonna suck. It ended up being the best meal we had on our entire trip.
4	If you love coffee, Flavors had the best out of any buffet we visited.  Service was outstanding.  The sweet lady encouraged us to take cotton candy and ice cream to go when we left.  There were adorable cupcakes that tasted as good as they looked, as well as other desserts.  Everything was delicious!
3	20% off a $39.99 groupon for 2 with refillable glasses of champagne.Score! (We ate for about $16 a piece)The good: -Prime rib, really not that bad for a 3rd tier buffet. Not overcooked like Rio.-Nice sized snow crab legs, but ya gotta work to get em open as they aren't halved.-Shrimp Cocktail, gotta shell em but they were fresh.-Champagne included-Hot fudge sundae for dessert...amazing how many buffets in Vegas don't have simple hot fudge to go with their ice cream or "gelato". It's usually chocolate syrup...here the fudge is hot!-Kind and friendly staff-They have a guy coming around with some hot specialty items...like right to your table...haven't seen that before...had some hot chicken skewers and some coconut tapioca thing...wasn't bad.The bad:Where are the correct food cards and how come they aren't placed in the right spot? The whole entire buffet had either no names to their dishes or incorrect names. Pancakes were Spanish rice, this whole other area with a pastry puff with "something" inside was a complete unknown and none of their desserts had any titles anywhere...is this the sugar free section? What is this? I hate sugar free, but who knows...and if you have a name card that says pancakes and it's 9pm, it means that no one bothered to make the food card change at all for the entirety of lunch and all the way to the end of dinner. Hash browns all day or is that ravioli?Overall a 3.5 due to the groupon, but I just can't hand it a 4...however, for $16 I will come back.
5	We always stop at Flavors when we are in Vegas.  Impressive selection with above average food.  Who can't resist a huge mound of shrimp?5 stars!
3	Flavors was one of the Buffets included with the Buffet of Buffets  I ate there for breakfast.  They had food.  The line was reasonable.  The food for breakfast was decent.  Nothing jumped out and smacked me in a way that made me take notice, but nothing jumped out and smacked me in a way that made me take notice either.Sometimes, a consistent, average meal, that you can count on is what you need.  If you are hungry, Flavors has some food.  Some of it has flavor.  Some of it does not have flavor, which, in the scheme of things, is still happy, because I encountered nothing at all with bad flavor, which means the day I ate there I said:"Today was a good day...."
4	Food was good costumer service was even better. Just wish I would of been really hungry. Loved the cotton candy
3	Blah, this buffet is okay, nothing fancy but it didn't suck either.  If I were the FOB that I was over 30 years ago then this place would've rocked my world but, alas, I am not, thus only 3 stars.  I bought the Groupon deal.  It sounded like a good deal at the time but it really isn't.  Oh well, live and learn.
2	Awful. Only getting 2 stars cause its cheap. Should've known better. Better cheaper buffets at home at the Indian casinos and that's saying something. Crab legs are cooked in SALTY Salty water and just sit in it and absorb all that salt and get mushy. Salty mushy crabs legs - so gross.Prime rib was upwards of medium well,  cut your loss and switch it out, ugh.Virtually everything just felt like it had been sitting in the window way too long.Finally I went for the creme brulee, pretty hard to mess that up...And they did....It had no caramelized sugar on top and sat in a cold case... I thought to my self; "Oh how neat they caramelize the sugar in front of you and make it all fresh!"No, they don't. There is no caramelized sugar to CRACK on your freakin creme brullee, they told me "well there is caramel on the bottom"It's not flaun, it's creme brulee damnit.Not to mention it was totally instant mix from a box. So nasty. This place SUCKS. Way better buffets on the strip for a much better value, sure it's 27 bucks, but the food quality is about par with fast food that sit in a window forever.And yes I still left the waiter 20% cause the only thing I can say good about this place is at least the service was good.Don't waste your time or money.
2	**2.5 stars**Came here before heading out to the airport since it was right in the hotel we were at (Harrah's). It's located right near the exit of where the Mickey Ds/Panda Express/Chipotle is. It was breakfast time on the border of lunch when we arrived and it was about $19. I think they have a deal where you can get unlimited alcoholic drinks? The customer service from the cashier and our waitress was excellent. On to the food, it was pretty decent. From the looks of it, I thought it was going to be bad but I enjoyed most of the food I ate.  The hash browns were nice and buttery, which I got thirds of. The other selections were small but I liked it better than Cravings at Mirage...I think anywhere is better than there. For $19, not worth it. Maybe $10?? I'd come back to try the dinner because it sounds like they have some good options. I guess for a cheap buffet like this unlike the one at Caesar's...can't complain too much!
1	Food was warm at best, some cold. Only two sugar free/nsa items oj the desert line and both were dry/stale. usually a very good buffet, but disappointing this time
4	Champagne brunch and all you can drink, they don't fail my glass go empty..!Best juicy, prime rib in any other buffet, crawfish and sugar free dessert..'ThanksGiving weekend Champagne brunch was only  $25.00, for all you can eat craw fish, king crab legs and sugar free desserts...!Second time we went there I got drink beer and wine for $9.99!Can't beat that!
3	An ok buffet.  Only reason we came here was because Bacchanal at Caesar's was busy and this was the nearest walk.  =(  I mean, there are MANY buffets in Vegas.  At least now I can say I've tried it here.  Would I come back?  Maybe.  I don't know.  Try it out.  To each their own I say.
3	The flavors buffet at harrahs, isn't too shabby. They have a variety of Asian, Mexican, Italian, and some seafood. Food is decent if you are using your buffet of buffets pass, but I wouldn't spend $30 for a one time deal. What I really love about this buffet is the line is really short compared to the other totalrewards buffets. The staff is really friendly. Their flan is amazing! I had two. Snow crab legs were a tad salty. Italian food was very delicious. Skip the sushi.
3	Decent food, but limited selection. The Asian bar had noodles, rice and one meat. The best part was the desert bar. Homemade ice cream, good choices of tarts and cupcakes. Good table service.
3	Pricing for Flavors is not very bad at all. They have a multi cultural theme that is tied with the naming of this joint. There is Asian, Mexican, American, and Italian food as the typical international cuisine feast. I always make some tacos when I come here, wish they had bigger tortillas. Loved the Pozole. I enjoy the dessert section the most. It has some really good choices from pie, ice cream, cheesecake, and mini cupcakes. Note, that the food sometimes stays out longer than you normally would want.
2	This place is very inappropriately named.  The food here has very little flavor! We came here to nurse a hangover and...  well...  It didn't help because the food is so bland you lose your appetite. Ordered hot tea expecting green tea. It was Lipton black tea.  Best thing I had was the won ton soup.  Tried to find the restroom. Asked a waitress and she said it was outside in the casino. Why the heck do they do that? She told me to go out, take a left, pass the piano and I'd see it. Umm yeah... I never found it,  nor a piano. I wandered around a bit then came back and held it in until we were done eating. At the entrance the staff were not friendly but not mean. Just kinda doing their job without a care for our convenience. The meal times are crazy...  Breakfast is from 7am-11am, dinner is 11am-10pm. Dinner is twice as much as breakfast, and there is no lunch period. Gotta love Vegas. Summary: it's a $25 buffet in Vegas. Good buffets are $40+ in Vegas. We only decided to try it because it was at our hotel. I won't be going back.
3	Decent buffet here and not a bad price for Vegas, but overall I found the food quality meh.  Lots of selection, though, including desserts -- even cotton candy!
