3	Prosciutto pizza was really good, however traditional style pie was bland and forgettable. Fried mozzarella wedges were good.
4	This is now the third pizza place in this location in about two years, and it's finally a winner. The first two sold nondescript pizza in a nondescript setting, but TRUE tries to change that a bit by incorporating new decor in a fast-casual setting. The new decor is so much better than what it used to be--the place is gorgeous. It now has a bar in the middle, and a darker, more calming color scheme compared to the whites, greens, and reds of the last few places. We placed our order at the counter, which was a cheese pizza and a meatball hero. We decided to sit outside, and the food came out in about 15 minutes. The meatball hero was okay, although I wouldn't order it again. The meatball itself didn't do it for me and the sandwich didn't come out hot either. The pizza, though, was quite good. It may have been a little heavy on the cheese, but it had a nice crust and crunch, and was overall a solid pizza. The pie was enough to feed one and a half people.The service was very good--the employees were personable and they seemed to be happy to be doing their jobs. The location is also very good--Stonecrest is always busy and they will likely see a lot of traffic on weekends. Overall, I'd go back, it's solid pizza in a good spot.
3	All pizzas are personal pizzas if you try hard and believe in yourself.  Located at Stonecrest, at the end near City Tavern, in a spot that has been a couple of other pizza places, the interior of True Crafted is definitely an upgrade from the former tenants.  When you walk in, to your right you will order at the counter and get a number to put on your table for delivery.  They have booths, a long wooden family style table, chair seating and bar seating.  The pizza special for the day today was an 11" white pizza with asparagus, mushrooms, broccoli, ricotta, mozzarella and red pepper flakes.  I ordered the special without mushrooms with a Coke to drink (yay Coke products!) and it was just over $12.  I love, love, love white pizza.  This, I did not love.  I do not like for the ricotta to be in globs on the pizza, which this was.  It's a personal preference, and not a reflection of a bad tasting pizza.  The crust was thin and crunchy without being hard.  The broccoli was cooked through as was the asparagus.  The red pepper flakes were a little heavy in some places on the pizza, but overall it was well balanced.  The wait staff delivers your food and checks a few times to see if you need refills and see if everything is okay.  I found them all to be pleasant and helpful.  A couple of gentlemen, that I believe to be the owners and/or the chef(s) after seeing their webpage, were walking around the restaurant checking on people as well.  I did like that the restaurant seemed to be kid/family friendly without catering specifically to children, thus alienating those of us who don't want to listen to some guy making balloon animals while trying to eat.  The execution of the pizza was fine, I just didn't particularly care for this pizza.  I will go again and try a regular cheese pizza and will update my review then.
4	5 StarsService:  Everyone was very friendly and answered all questions regarding the menu and details about the restaurant.  This is casual dining, so you order and sit down; however the staff came by our table many times to check on us and make sure we had everything we needed.  Grilled Pizzas: Holy crap, the grilled pizza was unreal.  We got the house made pesto pizza with bell peppers and onions.  The flavor was fresh, the dough was much lighter than any other pizza I've had and the portion was large enough for two people to get their fill.  4 Stars:Ambience:  I really like the set up, very reminiscent of Brixx's but still unique.  They have a bar in the middle, booths on one side, and a long wooden table in the front for big groups.  The second time my girlfriend and I went, they were projecting a video about Italy on a side wall (this seemed odd and the sound was off so it didn't serve much of a purpose).  Mozzarella Wedges: I love it when restaurants serve wedges instead of sticks because they usually have more cheese in them.  They could certainly use a little more salt but they were very appetizing.3 Stars: True Traditional Pizza:  Maybe this speaks to how good our experience has been but this was the only thing about the restaurant that made me go "ehh."  The pizza was good but it was very bready and the toppings were very light for $1 a topping.  The difference between this pizza and the grilled pizza was enormous.  I also felt like it was less food for more money.  Overall, I love this place.  I still want to try the oven baked pizzas and the home made gelato but I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a fresh new pizza experience in South Charlotte.  It looks like they have a good local beer selection to so I am eager to try that one weekend.Bottom Line: Get the grilled pizza!
4	Located in the Stonecrest shopping center, TRUE Crafted Pizza is a welcome spot for pizza! This previous tenant in this location was also a pizza place but TRUE elevates the experience. The decor is really cool and modern - marble table tops, wood and metal seating. The hubs and I ordered the arugula salad with apples and goat cheese and the zucchini and yellow squash grilled pizza to share and we were both pleasantly surprised. Both were very flavorful. I look forward for the next visit!
4	It's Friday evening after a long week and we all want pizza..however, we don't want to go out because we are 1. exhausted - adults and 2. got a new Xbox game - kids.  So, pick up was what we were all looking for.  Everyone wanted to do the traditional pizza, however, I just got my Sur La Table magazine with all of the great looking specialty grilled pizzas.  So, I wanted one that had arugula and prosciutto.  True Craft Pizza had something for everyone  - we ordered a Grilled Prosciutto de Parma, 4 Cheese White Pizza, Traditional Cheese and a Traditional Cheese with pineapple and ham.  Each one of us got what we wanted.  Pizza was really every good.  Since we did pick-up, I think the crust would have been crispier if it hadn't gone in the box. The 11" pizza was a good size.  We had two small slices left and I'm sure  they will get eaten for lunch or late night snack.  I don't like paying $44 for pizza, however we all really enjoyed the pizza and I usually pay $37 for two large pizzas (cheese and white) and then end up throwing out half of one of them.  So, this was worth it and I'm sure we will adventure inside at one point, but I'm still a fan of the take out  - I will just probably suggest going there and ordering the pizza versus ordering from home and picking it up (less time in the box).
5	Amazing foooood!!!!That calamari is to die for, it has slices of fried jalapeno and freshly made tartar sauce that has a kick of lemon. The 4 cheese grilled cheese sandwich is superb! It tastes like a crispy calzone and when paired with the homemade tomato soup it is magical. lolThis is not your traditional pizza place it's fresh it's gormet and FULL of Flavor!! The salads put some high dollar restuarants to shame.LOve Love Love
4	4 solid stars. Not the most likely spot for a great pizza place as Stonecrest tends to be ruled by chains and easygoing eateries. Happy to say that TRUE is truly....pretty damn good. The interior is a little tightly packed, but gorgeous. Killer bar, plenty of booths, tables, and a great patio. We came in for an early-ish dinner to check it out. It's a walk-up situation. Walk in, go to the counter with a nicely sized menu above, order, and grab a seat with number in hand. There are a few options when it comes to pizza -- traditional style, grilled pizzas, and oven-baked. We checked out the traditional cheese and the grilled pesto pizza. A few notes: the grilled pesto pizza was awesome. Good amount of char on the bottom, killer grilled flavor, tasty veggies, pungent pesto, a dusting of parm, and not-so symmetrical shape. I think we both could have gone for a well-done crust, but it was still awesome. The cheese pizza was good, but also was lacking just a bit in the doneness of the crust. Though, we are both fans of blackened crust(s) on pizza. We also checked out the mozz wedges as an app. Where they didn't blow me away, the cheese was perfectly gooey and flavorful. I was curious if they were making it in-house. Another huge plus, they have a nicely organized grouping of local brews -- OMB, Birdsong, Triple C, and NoDa. Went with a few pints of Jalapeno pale and CoCo LoCo. Pricepoint is rather fair. Can't argue too much with two pizzas, an app, and two beers for $30. I'm looking forward to heading back really soon. Another plus: The men's restroom smells like cookies and, for that, I am thankful.
3	I like how this place feels fresh and clean when you walk in.  It definitely has a "cool" vibe and the service was great!  We were trying to make an 8pm movie and once the owner heard that he let us know that he put our order in front of others so we could get out on time.  Very kind and thoughtful.We tried the BLT grilled pizza as recommended by the cashier.  It was okay but not great.  I was a little disappointed because I thought the crust would be crispy but this was more doughy and soft than I expected.  There wasn't enough bacon and the bacon that was on there was more fatty than crispy so that wasn't exactly exciting.  The sauce was a ranch dressing which was very good but it almost made the bread soggy so I'm not sure that was the best route.  It was basically a salad on bread..which I guess I should have seen coming.  I think I would order one of the marina or pesto based pizzas next time.  I will say that I loved the smoky flavor from the pizza being grilled.  I definitely want to come back and try something different!I also tried the side of house-made meatballs.  They were great!!  They didn't come with very much marinara sauce but they had some mozzarella on top and they had very good flavor.  You could tell they were very fresh.  I think True has a good thing going and I will support them.  They also serve a few gelato flavors, beer and wine.  I wouldn't say it is the most affordable place for "faster" food but they aren't too bad. Give them a shot!
5	A refreshing change and a nice addition to Stonecrest's food choices. True is owned by the people who run Nothing But Noodles and, like that establishment, they know how to prepare good food in large portions at affordable prices. We tried True on Friday (7/5/13) night and we enjoyed the experience. The manager came over to talk about our meal and things in general. We expressed our positive opinions and said we'd be back. Staff were helpful and didn't fumble the order or the service. I can heartily recommend it.
3	I came here with my husband before seeing a movie at Regal on a Monday night. For a Monday it was pretty busy, but it's also Summer and 75% of the people there was a large group of teenage girls. When you initially walk in, you need to know that you order up front. There isn't a waitress to seat you and take your order, and it's not very intuitive, so just be aware. We ordered the Pepperoni Pizza, the mozzarella wedges, a cup of tomato soup, and my husband got an Old Meck Copper. Our total was $26. The pizza is a "personal size" meaning that it's about 10inches. My husband and I shared, and we had enough. Would probably be enough for a couple with a small child, but any more, you would need 2 pizzas. I like the fact that you can tell the pizza is handmade because of the crust. However, when I get to the crust, I kind of want to skip it, because I would like a dipping sauce. Their sauce is good, and there is a lot of flour-y crust to be had. The mozzarella wedges were not great. The cheese was a little too runny, and if we got there a second time maybe we will try out the meatballs. The tomato soup was also not my favorite. I was expecting it to be more creamy, but it reminded me of their marinara sauce, which kind of weirded me out. And for a Monday, they didn't have any drink specials. They also don't have any ciders. Both, something I hope they pick up in the future.
5	From the ashes of a rather mediocre pizzeria now comes TRUE Crafted Pizza. It's a tremendous improvement, to say the very least. For starters, it's not a traditional pizzeria in any sense. You walk up and order from a menu above. Everything is hand-crafted and fresh-made; no slices of pizza that have been sitting there for hours waiting to be reheated. Additionally, all pies are individual sized; there's no family-sized pies here. Not to worry, the pizzas are simply phenomenal. As they're baked via a wood-fired grill and not a gas oven, they have a crispy crust that gives it a far greater flavor. Of course, it helps that there are some imaginative combinations on the menu. The pesto pizza with bell peppers is quite spectacular, and the broccoli rabe with sausage is sublime. You can't go wrong with their grilled pizza.There are other options if you're not jonesing for pizza. There are plenty of delicious toasted sandwiches and salads to choose from. Also, an excellent beer and wine selection to boot.I've started frequenting this joint about once a week, and haven't been disappointed so far. It's my hope that TRUE catches on, because it's a welcome respite from all the chain pizza take-outs around town.
4	Some food-savvy friends had mentioned this place while we were gone over the summer, and we made visiting a priority on our return to town.  Glad we did!  The reviews lauding the grilled pizzas as the way to go are correct, in my view.  The traditional varieties are fine, but not special in any way.  Our party had both the grilled pepperoni and the grilled prosciuto di parma ... both were EXCELLENT.My wife got the baby spinich/arugla salad, and added chicken.  She is generally pretty finicky about wilty lettuce, so when True's passed muster that should be seen as a strong stamp of approval.For a 'modified table service' approach (order at the front, then the staff brings your order and refills -- very similar to Brooklyn Pizza), the service level was good.  The staff was upbeat and engaging.We enjoyed the very open layout.  The classic films playing on the big screen were a fun touch.We will be back....
4	My friend and I were lucky enough to sit outside and enjoy the lovely food and weather. We split the grilled flatbread which came with little cups of honey, ricotta, bruschetta, caponata and pesto. It was delish and I would return again just for that alone. It's more than enough for two people to share for an app. We also split the margherita pizza. It was as you would expect. The pizza was baked in the oven and the crust was thin and crsipy. We also shared a small cup of gelato. All in all the whole meal was about $20. I will be back!
5	Very fun atmosphere where you order and pay up front, but tons of staff continually checking on you and taking future orders and delivering them to you. Great beer and wine selection. Fun pizza choices and the Italian Tuna salad was phenomenal. Gluten free crust coming this Monday which is great news because the pizza looked amazing! Fun for kids too with gelato afterwards!
4	The inside of the restaurant looks much different than the previous pizza places that inhabited the space. I like the bar space they put in - makes the place look much nicer than it did before. However, it is still a "fast casual" concept where you walk up to the counter, place your order and pay.  We weren't sure what to get, but decided we should try one of the grilled pizzas.  I wasn't thrilled with any of the grilled options listed on the board, so we decided to build our own... we chose a grilled pizza with tomato sauce, basil, spinach, chicken, black olives, and mozzarella cheese.  We didn't order any appetizers or salads, but after we got our pizza, we realized that we should have.  The pizza was good, but not overly large.  It would have been the perfect amount to share if we had started with a soup or salad.
5	Ok, so call me biased or accuse me of favoritism, but this place is great and has come a long way from what it used to be.  Although it did have the upper hand from the beginning... with my friend being an employee who also happened to serve us tonight (it's who you know not what you know, right? joking, people)... I still see a major improvement here from every life force that inhabited it before and would give it major props even if I had had no preconceived ideas about it's past lives.  The set up is smooth and practical- walk in, order, sit down, have drinks, check out the video projector or whatever entertainment catches your eye, get food that is delicious- no funny business involved.Though I have only so far tried the ceasar salad and pepperoni pizza, though these could easily be two main staples that define the essence of any pizza place, I can finally say  that alas the South Charlotte area has a great local pizza restaurant.  From the sophisticated yet not overly done ambience to the thickness of crust, there are zero regrets here.P.S.- if you make it to TRUE during this season, order the Pumpkin Ale... hoppy and delicious
4	Great pizza in Charlotte? What? Really? Yup! Favorites: Hot oil pizza, sausage and pepper pizza, and my fav make my own treat, salad pizza. They are very accomodating here. I have a pizza with just oil and a side salad then I dump the cold salad right on yop. Oh so good and light in calories. Yum yum yum!
4	To get an explanation of the restaurant, read prior reviews, I will save my fingers the typing in that regard.  This place is where Anzi's pizza used to be in the Stonecrest shopping center.Went with my GF, we got:-rizzoto cheese balls with marinara as an appetizer-original round pie with pancetta, mushrooms, black olives, sausage, and mozz.-square grilled pizza with pepperoni and mozz.-2 soft drinks$38.xxRizzoto balls were awesome.  You could make a restaurant based solely on these!  I would love options to add toppings into these...bacon bits or mushrooms or something.  They are great though.  The marinara was good, needs more salt though to make the taste pop.Round pie:  Amazing taste, pancetta used very sparingly though (not worth the $2.00), crust too poofy for the size of the pie.  I felt like the slices were 70% topped, 30% dough.  These pie's need to come with complimentary marinara dip sauce so I have something for all that crust.  It's great tasting crust, but I'm hungry for pizza not bread.  Pizza ends up being more of an 7" pie when you get all that crust outta the way.  Taste was amazing....value just not there.  You basically have a little personal NY style pizza with a bunch of soft poofy crust....I need 2 of those to fill me up...but not at $8.50 each pre-topped...sorry.Square grilled pie:  Crust lighter and chewier.  I loved it.  Toppings go all the way out to the edge of the pie which is awesome...however the amount of cheese was very lacking.  Note to self; always add extra cheese as a topping and hope that gets you to the perceived amount of cheese that the round one has.  The pepperoni was AMAZING.  I'm fairly sure its the same smoked pepperoni that Portofinos uses....(which is my favorite pizza in Charlotte BTW).  Sauce was nice, had some nice big chunks of crushed tomato.  This pizza is the one to get assuming you order it with extra cheese and a bunch of toppings.Fountain drinks:  Syrup to water ratio could be tweaked, the Coke was a bit watery and as I've noticed with restaurants who do this...the city water taste is even more noticeable.  Price:  Kinda steep for a novelty concept.  Service:  Awesome!!  The girl at the counter walked us through the concept and the process.  Other staffers would walk around and check on you, very friendly, pretty smiles, showed sincerity and seemed to enjoy their jobs.  This place does not have a spot on the receipts to write in a tip.  I'm sure a tip isn't necessary since they don't really "wait on" you, just run your food out and then clear the table (ala Showmars, etc)...so I felt guilty that I didn't even have a dollar on me to give the table clearing staff since they were so friendly.I definitely plan on coming back here....I feel this place could be amazing if the perceived value was increased by making a few tweaks as mentioned above (less crust size on the round pie, more cheese on the grilled, more syrup in the drinks, complimentary dip sauces for round pie's crust).  Parmesan cheese in the shakers is high quality real cheese also...very tasty.  Owner was there helping out, looks like a nice guy.
5	When True Crafted Pizza opened in Stonecrest my initial reaction was "great, another pizza restaurant" - it feels like there's one on every corner, how could this one possibly be different. But I WAS WRONG! As soon as we walked into True Crafted Pizza we could see the difference - it's nothing like the pizza place that used to be there. It's clean, bright and very inviting. The menu is easy to understand and the staff were fantastic. We went for a late lunch/early dinner and we were starving, so we split a caesar salad for 2 and it was wonderful! Great portion size and the dressing and croutons were fantastic. We also got the mozzarella wedges, and they were light and delicious. I ordered the four cheese pizza and my husband got the bacon and egg pizza. He said it was the best and most unique pizza he's ever eaten and my four cheese was equally awesome. We will definitely go back to True Crafted Pizza!!
4	This is a "fast casual" place with a twist. While you walk up to the register and order, there is a bar inside that serves beer and wine. Because of the setting, I wasn't sure what to expect. I was very impressed. I got the four cheese white pizza. It was good and the crust was excellent. My wife ordered the "Bacon and Eggs" pizza with bacon, fried egg, and potatoes. It was good as well, but I would have preferred a bit more bacon. So far, it is the best pizza that I've had in Charlotte. We will be back.
4	Went to True with the family after a movie next door.  I remember back when it was Anzi which I never cared for so after a few owner changes here we are.True is pretty good pizza.  it's artisan style so you're not going to get a slice like from the window in Brooklyn but all in all it's purdy good.  Sweetie and I split the pesto pizza which had great flavor.  Nice pesto flavor, grilled onions and peppers on top with some dusted parm.  I would have liked to see it cooked a bit more since it was a little limp / soggy if you know what I mean. The kids had plain cheese which must have been good since we only had one piece left.  The pies are 10 - 11" and very reasonably priced.The service needs a bit of improvement from what I saw yesterday.  It's an order at the counter, they give you a number and bring the food deal.  The kids they have working there are pretty inattentive and are focused on just doing one thing.  I had 4 plates for 5 people delivered and gobs of straw wrappers on the table.  Kid walks by and I ask for another plate and if she could take the straw wrappers, she walks away without the wrappers and brings me back like 6 plates(now I have too many) and never takes the wrappers.  Her job was to bring plates....no other thought involved, throw your own shit out.Anyhoo.....True Pizza is a solid choice for artisan type pizza at a good price.
3	Went to try the local small business.  Was pleasantly surprised.  The food was good, not too loud.  The only exception was that with 2 doors, when people leave, there is a GUST of cold air that hits you if you are anywhere on the left side of the restaurant.  Have been back twice, and will wait for summer to come to go back.  Thanks and good luck.
5	So here's a secret that's not a secret. Truly good pizza in Charlotte is scarce. TRUE Crafted Pizza aims to do something about that, and I think they're off to a great start. I won't write too much here (I blogged, with pictures, here: http://is.gd/x7InUm), but our overall experience was excellent. For Charlotte, this really is about as good as it gets and our only regret is that we're 25 minutes from the location!For those looking for a nice atmosphere, high quality pizza (with great local beers), and good service (thanks for stopping by to say hi, Todd), try TRUE Crafted pizza. You won't regret it.(Also, as a bonus, a date night reverse happened - my wife was distracted from our conversation by the female equivalent of sports - old black and white movies on a projection screen with Jimmy Stewart. Well played, TRUE. Well played.)
4	A gem in Stonecrest. Fresh ingredients, friendly service and a great value. Finally an establishment in this specific store location that adds color to the area and a simple beer/wine pizza option before a movie. This one could last.
5	Probably the best pizza in Charlotte IMO. Have been there 3 times now and each time gets better and better as we explore different pizzas. These are A+ brick oven pizzas and would highly recommend to any pizza fan. Great food, great atmosphere and great service. The bar tender (Peter) is extremely friendly and has given us several recs that were amazing. Definitely go here soon if you haven't been already!
4	We went to True Pizza on Saturday evening, and they were packed!  It was smaller and more cramped than I thought it would be.  The line to order did not move until tables came open, definitely a different way to handle things, but it worked out so that people just coming in can't snatch tables.We started out with the risotto fritters.  They were good - breading with gooey cheese, served with tomato sauce.As there were three of us, we decided to get two pizzas, but we could have easily just had 1.  We went with both styles of pizza - grilled pepperoni and the oven baked broccoli rabe/sausage pizza.  I liked the oven baked better, but the grilled was good (fantastic a day later).  My complaint about the grilled is that the outside pieces on the edges were burned - had no sauce or toppings.  I really love the flavor of their pizza - the sauce, cheese, toppings - it is wonderfully done.My biggest complaint which is why they lost the star, is that the oven baked pizza came out 10-15 minutes before the grilled.  They classify these as individual pizzas, so what if I got one and someone else got another, I would be waiting and watching the other person eat, or vice versa. Luckily we were sharing and enjoying both, but they should time the two styles better so we can enjoy it all together.We ended the night with Apple pie gelato, it was delicious as well!
4	Nice atmosphere and staff. Beautiful decor!!
3	3.5 stars: better than OK, short of excellentThe foodWe ordered two pizzas, but one would have been enough. The onion and mushroom; very good crust and the baker wasn't afraid to "toast" it dark (but short of burrned) well done! The onions and mushrooms flavors were fragrant - none of that crap canned slice 'shrooms so many cheap joints rely on - the onions held a bit too much water as it's often the case. Still I'd order it again.Prosciutto on flat bread:  man, they are generous with the cured ham considering it retails for $16-22/lb, a little skimpy on the provolone though. Tasty and the baker smartly avoided the common pitfall of drying out the thin sliced prosciutto. So quite good. Possibly the menu could be expanded, I didn't get the impression there that many options.Service.No menu until you get to the cashier to order at the cashier which I HATE. Luckily there was no one behind us. After that they bend over to please, 4 different people stopped at our table to find out if we needed anything else, if we wanted more water etc. Nice but it makes no sense to me, if you're going to have a full staff why not order at the table?Decor:Lovely, clean, fresh, loved the white on white, the thick marble tops, the reversed back metal chairs, the lamps etc but space planning is a FAIL. The combination of a store-wide hall as you enter and the totally oversized pizza prep station  centered in the room totally chops up the space. No it's not "small" inside, it's actually a nice space but the architect butchered it. Customers are left with 3 small areas to dine in. Eight cramped tables at one end, 6 booths at the opposite end and joining both area a long communal table but again the space it too narrow for it - the bench was pushed out of the way so people could walk by.  If I was the owner I'd admit mistakes were made (possibly strangle the architect) and make some changes to the layout ... and that is constructive criticism for a store that zeroed on a good formula and should be in business for a long time.
4	One recommendation - egg and bacon pizza is amazing! Sounds strange, but great for dinner.
5	First time here and we will be back! Incredible customer service and AWESOME food.We had heard from many friends about their pizza. All was true. I do believe we have found the best pizza in Charlotte! I am a strong believer in good customer service and our experience was above and beyond. Keep it please. It is what sets you apart. Other restaurants should take notice.
4	I went on a crafts expedition to Michael's in Ballantyne today. Right next door: TRUE Crafted Pizza. I mean, it makes sense to get a pizza for yourself at 11am... right?This is one of those places where you walk up to the counter and order. They bring your food out to your table when it's ready. Overwhelmed by the menu (not that it's massive or anything... just a lot of solid looking items), the guy at the counter walked me through options. Traditional, specialty oven baked, grilled. I went with his suggestion of the garlic & clams oven baked pie. Clams, pancetta, roasted garlic oil, parmesan cheese and red pepper flakes. Delicious combo... although probably not the best for the breath. No vampire stands a chance after this. I had to stop myself from eating the entire thing in one sitting. The bar area is really nice. TRUE has a lot of local beers on tap. I went with Root Beer. Hey, it was 11am... someone has to be an adult. Workers were all super friendly. Prices are fair. Gluten free options are also available. I don't venture out to the Ballantyne a whole lot... that parking lot known as 485 frightens me... but I will be coming back here again during my next adventure out this way. There are a few more pies I must try... plus I didn't save room for any gelato today. Such a rookie mistake. I will be back.
3	My husband and I tried TRUE on a Saturday for a quick lunch. The place is pretty cool but I wasn't a fan of how you pay, etc. They have a small bar but no true bartender so we were left with no drinks for quite sometime. We tried the meatballs as an appetizer and the sauce was delicious! We then just got a regular pie with pepperoni. It was pretty good and really don't have any complaints. I think it was just the service that wasn't that great. But maybe it was because they were slow. Hopefully next time will be different as the food was pretty decent.
5	I was at an event last night that was catered by True Crafted Pizza.  All of the employees were working very hard and were so nice.  Every bite of pizza was truly delicious and gourmet (don't think Little Caesars...it is NOT that kind of pizza) .The set up with the truck in the parking lot was adorable!!!  It was so cool to watch the chefs hard at work, creating the next tasty concoction!  They are creative with their pizza.  The prosciutto pizza was so yummy!  I loved watching them cook them in their wood fired stone oven.  Great experience for all the senses! :)  I can't wait to go back and try some of the other tasty flavors I didn't have room for!
5	Very fresh ingredients. Full of flavor and great combinations! Highly recommend this for pizza! I had the prosciutto di parma grilled pizza and it was phenomenal!
5	Really great sitting outside with the kids food was fast and good . Service was amazing we had like 6 people check on us out side
4	Love True Craft but after multiple visits I do have a couple of thoughts. It would be nice to have a couple more choices from the sandwich menu.  Maybe something not so heavy like turkey or chicken salad for lunch and a little wider variety for salads. Additionally, the water seems to have an "off" taste. I did mention this to them during the last visit.  I believe they use the water from the tap.  I'm native to Charlotte  and let's just say I do not drink the water from my faucet.  Investing in a filtration system or offering a bottled water in the interim would be a great option!Hope my thoughts are well received and are constructive!!:)
5	I lived in New York City from 1998 through 2007 so I've been exposed to excellent pizza. Pizza and bagels are two of the foods I have missed most since moving to Charlotte. They just don't make them down here like they do up there. Recently I went to True Crafted Pizza for the first time after reading an article about it in the Observer. I had low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised. I ordered the grilled margarita pizza with caramelized onions. The crust was perfectly done: thin, flavorful with a nice texture - not crispy (except maybe on the very ends) but not too doughy. It was baked enough to be on the verge of burned, but not over the edge. The mozzarella cheese was creamy and delicious. The sauce seemed to be very basic with chunks of whole tomato. The pizza had a nice saltiness to the overall flavor, but not too much. It was truly the best pie I've had since moving here. Absolutely the most similar to NY style. My boyfriend opted for the baked pie which had a bit of a thicker crust and was round (mine was rectangular). And his crust was also delicious - chewy, nice flavor and texture. It's too bad there isn't a True Crafted Pizza anywhere near Uptown as Ballantyne is a hike for me. All I can hope is that they flourish and decide to open another branch. I will say, the ordering system could use some tweaks. You order at the counter and they bring you the food, which is fine except that you can't see the menu until you are right up at the cash register - talk about pressure. Being that it was our first visit we wanted to peruse the menu for a few more minutes before being pushed into a quick decision. We tried to let the people in line behind us go ahead of us but we told we could not do that since they had already assigned us a table number (or something along those lines? We were slightly unclear of the reasoning.) So we had to order very fast, but luckily our quick decisions turned out to be delicious anyway. Also the tables do feel a little bit cramped inside. Space layout could probably have been improved a bit although the atmosphere is very nice. Nice beer selection as well. The salads looked good - we did not order one - but nice looking produce from afar! 5 stars for food, 4 stars for ordering system/space layoutWe will definitely be back when we are up for another "road trip" down South! Now, if only I could find my Charlotte bagel shop...
5	Live this place. Wish we had one in Tega Cay. GREAT Service.
5	The staff was very courteous always asking about our experience. The prosciutto do parma was excellent and I highly recommend it. The flavors were the perfect combination of salty and sweet.
5	This place is amazing!! Great food, good service. Order the spinach and arugula salad! And the tomato soup. Both are superb. Also, definitely recommend both the mint Oreo, and the mango gelato. Get one of each and share with a friend
5	My new favorite pizza in Charlotte!  I am actually gluten intolerant, which means I shouldn't be having pizza in the first place... But this stuff is worth a couple days of limping around with inflamed joints!  That's a rating right?  "Walking cane delicious"I have tried most of what they have to offer and you really can't go wrong.  My favorite is the grilled variety.  Its flavors are fresh, simple, and of palatable quality - from the rustic hearty crust to the homemade chunky tomato sauce and all the wonderful toppings.  As far as catering goes, True Crafted Pizza is a show stopper.  They roll in a fire engine red retro truck and unveil a beautiful kitchen with a live roaring brick oven.  You can pair your meal with salad and some fresh gelato too.  Hire them to cater your next outdoor event and your friends will still be talking about it days later.
5	True Crafted Pizza is, in every respect, a restaurant worth going to. The pizza itself was delicious of course, but the appetizers and gelato really topped of the entire experience. The servers were attentive and professional, and the atmosphere was welcoming while still being quite chic. Prices were not too expensive, especially with the high quality of ingredients, so value is definitely there. Overall, this restaurant comes highly recommended.
5	I was here the other day with my dog.  It was warm outside so I didn't want to leave him in the car while I ordered.  (Complicating the "order inside" policy).  Emily was our server, and another man brought out a few things.  She came outside, took my order and my card so that I didn't have to go inside.  She was wonderful!  Super friendly and sweet to Thor (even brought him a water dish!).  I ordered the grilled pepperoni pizza and a sprite.  It was delicious, came out quickly and Emily brought out a plate, silverware and napkins as well. I'll definitely be back here with Thor on the leash. :)
5	I am new to the Charlotte area and was hungry for some pizza this evening, but didn't want "factory pizza" (aka Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, etc.) so I jumped on Yelp to look for pizza places.  Found TRUE Crafted Pizza - and just did take out.  I called ahead, and they said would be ready in 10-15 min.  After ordering I jumped in my car, and headed to pick up.  The pizza was already waiting for me.  I had quick service and the pizza was fantastic!  I even ate a slice in the car before I left the parking lot! lol.  Will definitely be back to try some different menu options!
4	Wow - this outstanding traditional pizza joint in Stonecrest has it all: good food, GREAT gelato and a fantastic selection of local craft beers! Each one of their delicious pizzas is large enough to feed one hungry grown up, or two not-so-hungry kids. Place your order, then grab a table or sit at the bar and enjoy a cold pint of Copper or Ramble-On Red while the open kitchen fires up your meal. TRUE Pizza is a wonderful, family-friendly pizza place we'll be coming to again and again!
3	Great pizza. Staff was awesome upon first visit. Very attentive and awesome during lunch of 7/17/14!! However.. My mother came to visit me this past Sunday (07/17/14) and I decided to take her, my boyfriend, and little brother to eat here. The tall brunette at the front counter (2pm-ish) wasn't helpful. She was very impatient and made us feel uncomfortable and rushed as we were reviewing the menu and no one offered to refill our drinks the entire time. The pizza tastes awesome! Overall it was great the first time, second time not so much.
3	I'm in search of the perfect pineapple pizza. But to be honest, True Crafted Pizza's pineapple and ham pizza isn't the best. The crust was very difficult to chew as it was very crispy and tough. Overall it consisted of pretty bland flavors. I went when the restaurant had recently been opened so I don't want to criticize harshly. It was interesting how you could see the chefs cooking from our seats, though. It made me feel connected to the restaurant and the eating experience. I would like to go back to try their other menu options.
3	I love the atmosphere of this place! Very cool, laid back, but modern vibe. Service was friendly and quick. We had our table before we even ordered.I ordered the gluten free four cheese pizza with bacon. The flavor was great! I didn't give 5 stars because the crust could've been cooked a little longer. The pizza would flop down when I would pick up a slice and I prefer my crust to be firm and have a little crunch to it. Also, my mom ordered the calamari and said it was a bit saltier then usual. Overall I was happy & would definitely come back again!
5	I visited true crafted pizza last night with my boyfriend and it was a wonderful experience! I food was fresh and flavorful, and the staff were so incredibly nice. The menus selection has something for everyone and the fresh local produce makes it!
4	Fantastic pizza. I had the Garlic & Clam Pizza. Very garlicky and very good. It was a little tough but still great. Good atmosphere and excellent service. Pizzas are big enough to share. Definitely will go back. Pizza rivals Brixx and Hawthorne's.  Pizza is a little tough for young toddlers.
5	The prosciutto and the pesto grilled pizzas are delicious. Homemade dough and local produce!
5	This is a great place with excellent food and a great local beer selection.  Try a grilled pizza for something different.  I've had most of the pizzas on the menu and made up a few of my own.  All delicious.  Fall and winter brings a daily soup to the menu.  These are fantastic.  Great friendly service.Just go here, you won't be disappointed.
5	Just ate here and was so pleased. As a NJ native, I have a hard time finding "good" pizza in Clt. This was excellent! The crust was amazing, I recommend the "oven-baked" regular crust, not grilled. The grilled was great as well but more like a flatbread. I got the margherita and highly recommend it. The place was hopping and I hope it stays that way!
5	Our family just got back from two weeks in Italy so when someone said this was the best pizza in Charlotte we thought, OK, show us. Well they did. This is the best pizza in Charlotte, rivals the ones we had in Capri two weeks ago. The crust is just the slightest bit chewy, not all the options are slathered in tomato sauce.  Some trendy for the foodies, bacon and egg, clams and garlic; some traditional for the non adventuresome, pepperoni. Appetizers are great. They should serve the meatballs as a main course. Service is prompt and courteous in a private schoolboy summer job kind of way. My only criticism is the ordering system. You order and pay as you go in like fast food. If you want another glass of wine or something then you have a whole additional credit card event. We didn't have the great looking gelato as it would have meant a third credit card event. There were a couple of post graduate preppy guys walking around that looked like they owned the place so I am sure they will put their MBAs to work and sort this debacle out. The food overcomes this, just order a bottle of wine or two glasses when you go in until they figure it out.  What matters, the food and the service are outstanding! Oh and did I forget to tell you? It's trendy, its cool, hip and fun.....and reasonable. The check came and I was so pleasantly surprised. When was the last time you took a family of four with two large teenage boy appetites out to a trendy place, had great wine and the check was WAY LESS than $100. Absolutely the new go to place in South Charlotte.
5	My favorite pizza!!! I love the garlic clam pizza and their gluten free crust is really amazing!! It's a go to in our family!!!
4	Great fast casual pizza experience. Menu has tons of options. The staff is friendly and helpful. I had the grilled pesto pizza. The crust was crispy and delicious, and the ingredients were fresh. They also have a great little bar area as well with some local craft beer options.
4	The atmosphere over the weekend is so good. I personally like when lots of people are waiting in linevfor the orders. That means the food is good. Excellent open kitchen concept and even when there was so much rush we  got our orders taken in 10 mins and got them in quick time. Food .. Delicious. No doubt abt it.
5	TRUE Crafted Pizza is amazing! Food is great!  Atmosphere is great! Service was fast on on point!  Employees very nice and friendly! I live in Los Angeles, CA and was visiting Charlotte, it reminds me of LA pizza. The variety of pizza are great!  Meatball sandwich great too!   Love this place, added to my list of favorite restaurants in Charlotte!   TRY iT!  you will love it and will return every week!
4	The pizza here is pretty good!  They also have a pretty good beer selection including local drafts, which is cool.We got a Greek salad for our app and it was ok...not the best, but it wasn't bad either. I ordered the sausage/broccoli rabe pizza and it was really good.  The crust was super thin and perfect. My husband usually throws his crusts away, but even he ate his!  He ordered the mushroom pizza and loved it - I'm not a huge mushroom fan, so I didn't have any of his.We'll definitely be back here!
5	Gluten free pizza is amazing - I do like the online ordering option (when it works) ... This place eggs crazy packed/busy on Friday nights.... There's usually a reason for that! Trust where the people are!! My son loved their kids pizzas and actually eats the whole thing...(he doesn't do that anywhere else)!
1	I didn't wanna write a review but since 2 days late ,still feeling bad from the clam pizza....I'd have to say this place is no good.
4	Went here with my parents and brother. Wow the grilled pizza we had was pretty fabulous. So light and flavorful! Their regular baked pie was delicious too but we all kept going back to the grilled pizza.Everyone was super friendly and helpful. Going back ASAP.
4	Very tasty pizza and a good beer selection a bit a chaotic but they have a good system for seating and what not. AWSOME gelato.
5	This place is the real deal.  If you are Yankee transplant looking for a unique experience, you found it.  The food is fantastic, service is excellent, and the wine and draught beer menu are all great.
4	Love true! Amazing food and amazing customer service. This place has it figured out. The sausage and pepper pizza and meatball parm are my favorites. The cold copper beer not bad either.
1	terrible - I can't even describe how bad their pizza was - the bad taste of the cheese, the horrible crust, the sauce.  All of my kids hated it - we call it "true crap pizza" every time we pass it now on the way to the movie theater.
5	This restaurant is a gem in Ballantyne.  My family has eaten there multiple times, and we have never been disappointed.  They use fresh, quality ingredients,  and they combine interesting flavors.  The pizza is delicious, and their side salad is big enough to share and is a great value.  In addition, their children's menu has many options and is fresh and delicious.  The service is fabulous -- everyone is friendly, and they pro-actively approach customers with offers to get drink refills, clear dishes, and anything else.  True Craft is one of my favorites.  Thanks for bringing such great quality to this area!
3	Tried this new place with my husband and another married couple. There is a bar in the middle and booths all around the outer walls. Every time someone opened the door, the cold air came rushing in (not fun in December). There was a long line to order and when we did order, I was shocked at the prices. It cost my husband and I nearly $50 for two pizzas and two drinks. The pizza was good, but I probably wouldn't return.
