4	I like the very caring and loving approach Sundance took in creating this venue.  And, I'm actually pretty proud that Madison was chosen for Mr. Redford's pilot project.  They have good coffee and beer (always a plus) as well as nice couches that seem to attract lots of folks for studying and other non-movie watching activities.  The rooftop bar is a great spot and I'd go if it ever stopped snowing in this godforsaken state.  Basically, my only issue with Sundance is the concierge fee, which I wouldn't mind paying ahead of time.  But really, do I need to pay for a reservation to hold my seat between when I purchase it and the time it takes me to head down the aisle to the theater?  Otherwise, for the nice atmosphere and occasion of it all I make a point of going.
4	This theatre gets moviegoing right, from reserved seating to a staff member who stays in the theatre for a few minutes to make sure the sound and picture are perfect.  We had a very good experience, and I appreciated that they didn't waste my time with a bunch of ads at the beginning.  Unlike other theatres I have been to, they have an "amenity fee" for prime time shows.  The ticket seller was happy to explain that they charge it because they have no advertisements or other bs except a few trailers before the show.  Not sure why the other yelper said the fee was a surprise: it is right there on the price list.  Overall, I was very impressed with the facility, the service, and the quality of the screening.  The only drawback was price: because we saw a 7:15 show, the fee brought our tickets to around $11 a piece with no student discount available.  I would definitely go back, but it would have to be something I really wanted to see and I would probably try to fit in an afternoon show.
2	For a movie buff such as myself, this wasn't really any different from any other movie theater I could have sat in.  It was the same experience as the budget theater I so love to go to.  Granted a sharply dressed employee did enter the theater right before the movie started to pick up a microphone and introduce the show, but it's not as if I didn't already know what movie I just paid an extra amenities fee to see.  Well, I guess the seats were comfortable.  Yes, the seats are very comfortable--but not more so than any other theater seats!  I didn't care much for the Rooftop bar either.  It was too pricey and drinks weren't even mixed to taste (and I do know my drinks).  I wasn't very impressed with the restaurant.  Again everything was too pricey and the food didn't live up to the menu descriptions--this is in fact chicken, yes.  Is it flaky and moist?  No.  Tossed over a mouth watering bed of exotic wild rice?  Exotic it may be, but dry it is as well.  I think this place is trying a little too hard.  It's trying very hard actually.  Movie, dinner AND drinks in ONE place?!  Movie goers already feel a pinch in the wallet considering the current price of a movie ticket...why do you need to pay MORE to see movies you can see anywhere, pay MORE to eat food that's not that great, and pay MORE to stand up on a rooftop sipping on the only drink of the night (because that's all you can afford after dinner and a movie) and look over the...parking lot.  I think this place screams snotty and exclusive.  So what if it's the premiere theater experience of its kind.  It's not as if you can't have a great dinner, drive a little to the movie theater, then drive a little bit more to grab a drink or two.  They play crappy movies at this theater too.  Indie movies can be shit too you know.  Well, you important people can enjoy that experience.  I am fine just studying in the cafe from time to time and sipping on Peet's coffee (fine San Francisco brew--the only thing worth the money here).  And that's only because I live in the Hilldale area and only because they have free wireless.
3	There's something about paying a $2 service fee that heightens my sense of  everything that's not done right. I guess I was expecting exceptionally well-maintained facilities and an audience that was better behaved that most. In the end, it really seemed like they were short handed on the staff, or people were refusing the deal with the bathroom. The women's room was not in good shape -- paper towels overflowing and the stalls in need of attention. The audience struck me as about average in their manners. They say you don't have to watch ads at the Sundance, but the preshow was a very long "making of" for a movie with Colin Farrell that looks crappy -- give me pointless movie trivia any day! I felt my $2 fee must be supporting those in the lobby, surfing on their Macs, who had no movie plans. On the upside -- the floors did not have that sticky quality that I associate with movie theaters around the world. The seats were really comfortable. And a latte or a beer during a movie is a plus for some.  I know I will be back to Sundance, because it is close by and they do show movies that don't get screened elsewhere around town. However, I'll now know to lower my expectations. It's just a slightly above average venue that takes a few extra bucks from your wallet.
4	I live in a city (Santa Cruz, CA) where a much much worse theater is the only venue for the sorta indie movies that come here.  This place is clearly very yuppy... and I don't know if they do it anymore but when I went there a year ago, some worker introduced the movie... it was a little weird, but I guess it would remind me of the Sundance Film Festival if I had ever gone there.  The seats were comfy and the audio/video was pretty good.  Yeah... expensive.  I'd probably not go there as often as cheaper theaters.  But it's still a really nice place to go see a movie and maybe the cost can keep away a few of the loud jackasses you don't want at the movies.
2	O-VER-RA-TED.It is pretty bad ass that I can bring a glass of wine in to watch my "feature presentation'...but come on. It's expensive--which I'm told is because they don't show ads(although there was a lengthy sundance "feature")--and their reserved seating chart is MESSED UP. My boyfriend and I bought tickets ahead of time, and selected seats smack dab in the middle(according to the chart). When we enter the theatre and find our seats, they're WAY over to the left, almost by the wall. Thankfully we could go back up front to change seats(which we had to wait in line for). This time, I chose seats that looked like they would be a bit to the right, and they were in the center. Huh.They do have movies that aren't "mainstream", but so does Hilldale. I just don't get the hype.
4	i'm not going to rant or rave about this place.  its a good place to see a movie.  a bit pricey but you get what you pay for.  i like choosing my own seat and they keep the place nice and clean.
3	As much as i kind of wanted to hate the Sundance cinema, I didn't.  But I didn't love it either.The weird service fee was kind of ridiculous.  Also weird was that some dude introduced the movie, like we didn't already know what we had paid $13 to go see.   He also got the lead actress wrong (Kate Winslet instead of Cate Blanchett) But, it's kind of awesome that you can booze it up in the theater.  If you can afford it anyway.When I was there, someone had brought their child in the theater that obviously had Tourette's, and I literally couldn't concentrate at all on the movie, so I left after 15 minutes.  The Sundance people refunded my money and were very nice about it.All in all, I might go back.  But it wouldn't be my first choice.
3	Okayyyy. So I'm not hatin' on Sundance as much anymore. We've gone here a few more times since my last review. My pocketbook might have winced a bit at the prices, but my experience there has been decent. Now that we've figured out how to compensate for the wacky seat system(we just pick a bit to the right to get center seats...weird, I know) I do have to admit that it's nice knowing that you don't have to be there 45 minutes early just to make sure that you aren't needing a chiropractic appointment post-show from craning your neck in the first row.
1	Assigned seating is childish.  Service is horrible and some workers are disrespectful.
2	Look, to me a movie theatre is a movie theatre.  I just want to go out and see a movie on a big screen.  That's it.  So I really resent the hidden $2.00 fee they charge for "service."  I only go to sundance if I have no choice.  AND WTF is with assigned seating?  I get the fact that in the netflix era you have to try and do something special to make people go out to the movies.  Adding a starbucks style cafe is not going to cut it.  The first time I was here a guy came out and introduced the movie.  What the fuck.  If I want to know about a movie, I'll read about it before I go.
4	Movies here make us happy. There a lot of positives, the restrooms are clean, the sound quality is great, and the popcorn is top notch. I really appreciate assigned seating honestly, I hate walking in with a group of 4 and not being able to find 4 seats together. I also really like the variety of movies they play, they're not all from Hollywood. Negatives would be the price of tickets and food, this isn't LA or NYC. Take off the "service fee" and this would be a 5 star rating.
5	I was weary about going to Sundance because of all the hulabaloo I've heard on here and amongst other folks about their higher prices and this crazy ass amenity fee they have, but they were the only ones playing the movie I wanted to see and I thought the supposedly upper classness of the place would work in my favor with a girl I really wanted to impress.  Can I just say that anyone that complains about the fee misses the whole point!  We got in early, picked up some ridiculously tasty baked goods which you can't get at any other movie place, so much better than friggin sno caps along with a few BEERS and some popcorn with real BUTTER and some cheesey stuff on top.  We made our way to our seats which were guaranteed which is cool and sat down prepared to be extremely annoyed by stupid commercials and advertisments and general nonsense that you face everytime you go to the movies, it's worse than television these days.  But the only thing is THERE WERE NONE!  You pay a little more to Sundance to forgo all the stupid adverts!  It's all about comfort, sit down in the comfy seats, the guy comes in to announce that he's actually around to help unlike most other theaters and all you have to see is the movie and the previews.  I no longer hate 75% of the time I spend in the theatre because of all the nonsense before the movies and rude people.  Also I'd say it was pretty damn clean in my opinion.
5	A night at Sundance really feels like I imagine movie-going was for my grandparents' generation: a destination event and a special night out.  The theater's lobby is a casual, comfortable place to hang out before the show; the overstuffed and pleasantly worn leather chairs are so nice, and I like to get a nice cup of Peet's coffee (one of only two places in the area for that) beforehand.  The staff is _always_ helpful, and has remembered me on a number of occasions; I'm pretty certain that the teenage set that mans the ticket counter at Point or wherever wouldn't be able to do that or have any interest in so doing.  I've come to the ticket counter before where staff has candidly shared accurate opinions about the movies, and steered me toward  gems I wasn't really considering.  I appreciate that they are truly film lovers, too.  I've also had several situations occur in which they went the extra mile to meet my needs, including taking the time to look into questions I've had and then contact me personally.Sure, some of the movies Sundance gets are shown elsewhere in town and are mainstream, but with the Majestic long gone as an arthouse cinema and the Westgate option really just a depressing experience I preferred to avoid, Sundance is an absolute gem and we're lucky to have it.  With all the dining options at Hilldale and at Sundance, itself, it's very easy to make a really fun and relaxed date night of it.I've also appreciated the frequent-flyer cards that Sundance provides (another feature no other movie theaters in town are doing), and the two-for-one student night on Tuesdays.  I'm so glad to have this theater in town!
4	Sundance is probably the top of the line for theaters in Madison. It has a very contemporary lobby, a coffee bar and an attached restaurant/roof top bar. Not to mention you can take your food and drinks into the movie with you! The seating is nice and spacious too, not so crowded that you are almost sitting on the person next to you.The price is a bit steep but being able to choose from Hollywood hits to indie films is what makes it a nice change.
3	buying a bottle of wine to share while watching 'inception' was probably the most bourgie-ghetto thing i have ever done.so, really, i recommend doing this.
3	I'd like to give Sundance a higher rating, I really would. There's so much to like about it (movie selections, decor, semi-gourmet concessions, etc), and it's an honor for Madison that it was selected for one of only 2 Sundance theaters in the country (the other one's in SF). But man, they really sodomize you with the ticket prices. This isn't New York City, or even Milwaukee, and I'm surprised and a little disappointed that the Sundance people haven't figured out by now the reason for their lackluster sales. Or at least, that they haven't done anything about it.
2	I've lived in New York City--famous for its high costs--and Boulder, Colorado, a city a bit smaller than Madison and also known as a pretty expensive place. And in both places, I had a better movie theater that offered cheaper tickets and a better experience. The prices at Sundance, and the surcharge based on when you go, are extremely frustrating. I've been to the theater a few times, and each time two things have been true: The tickets were expensive, and the place felt pretty dingy. Yes, the fixtures are nice, but the bathroom wasn't kept clean, and the lobby couches are run down. But there's track lighting! Woo!The last time, I also questioned why there was this $2 surcharge on the $10 tickets. The cashier explained that theaters take home very little of the ticket price -- less than 10 percent. But I had my doubts ... and sure enough, I read this in the New York Times:"Most Hollywood releases, with outsize production budgets, enormous marketing costs and a 50 percent split in revenue with movie theater owners, do not turn a profit for studios until the DVD release."Obviously, Sundance doesn't show "most Hollywood releases", but do you honestly think art films that are desperate for distribution get a higher take of the box office than big releases? Thanks, but I prefer not to get vastly overcharged and lied to for a movie-going experience this mediocre.
2	What's the point, Sundance?As time goes on, Sundance 608 appears to be playing more and more mainstream movies that are also playing elsewhere in town, all while highly-acclaimed independent movies are being passed by, with no other chance for Madison area residents to see them except for trekking to Chicago.  At the time I'm writing this review, of the six movies they are showing only ONE is independent and not being shown at Marcus and AMC locally. One of six.  What is the point of being the indie theatre if you don't actually focus on bringing art and indie films to town?I don't even mind the snobbery involved in the assigned seating and the cafe that replaces the normal concessions, as it's part of the experience package. I do mind it chasing out the genuine art theatre in town when it first opened, only to have it slowly devolve into just another hollywood theatre except that patrons munch on paninis instead of popcorn.
5	I love this Cinema. It does cost a little more to view a movie there, but its well worth the extra buck or two. Connected to the Hilldale mall, this cinema has a bistro and a bar, while both pricey, both are great. It's very classy and plays some mainstream and some independent movies, that other cinemas in Madison do not play. I saved the best for last, the cinema seats are the most comfortable in town!! The are big, recline a little and certainly keep you comfortable and relaxed. This cinema is great for a date night.
4	Best place in Madison to see a commercial movie other than Star Cinema.Pros: * Assigned seating - never have to worry about getting the perfect seats (assuming you get them before someone else does).  I know where the optimal location is in a theater and this allows me to sit there every time* You don't have to interact with humans.   There are ticket kiosks right outside the door in the mall* REAL BUTTER on their popcorn.  This is a BIG DEAL* BEER and other libations are available and you can take them into the theater.  They also have other groovy non-alcoholic drinks, and barrista services for those who are caffeine-inclined* You can even order a pizza or salad or sandwich or whatever and bring it in* One of the only places in Madison that shows art/indie films* Comfortable seating* Lots of other attractions at HilldaleCons:* As others have mentioned, they don't necessarily screen those arthouse and/or short run films.  The last time I was there, I could have seen 5 of the 6 movies they were showing somewhere else in Madison.* Ticket/convenience/service fees.  This is the most expensive theater in Madison.
5	This is as good as it gets in Madison and I hope that they stay here as this is our theater of choice.  Though they cost a little bit more it is worth it for the comfortable seating and nice atmosphere.Ample and easy parking in the nearby ramp.  Alcohol purchase encouraged and allowed!  How great is that?Off the radar films show here which also makes for great.
5	I can't imagine a better theater experience.For starters, you get to choose your seat in advance. This is especially important for midnight showings of your favorite anticipated films that leave most movie-goers sitting in line for hours. Secondly, the selection of food and beverages. You have the option of your typical popcorn (which is the best popcorn I've ever had. Thanks to real butter) and pretzels. They have pear gorgonzola pizza (other varieties too), salad and sandwiches with vegetables if you prefer.Finally, you can enjoy a glass of wine or beer with your feature. If you arrive early, you can enjoy the cozy atmosphere and large leather couches in the lobby.
2	SO ANNOYING!I get that they have this whole special ambiance thing going but the "amenity fee" is a bit fricking much. Basically, if you go to a movie at night or don't buy your tickets 2 days in advance, then you have to pay an extra "fee", up to $3 bucks. Also annoying: having to pre-select your seats. Really? I think that if I get to the movie before someone else, I should get to pick my seat before them.Food options are decent, though.
5	It doesn't get any better than this - this is the best theatre EVER!  You pick your seat at the counter which is unique to any other theatre I've been to.  This is also the first theatre where I don't sneak food in! lol  The concession stand has amazing food, alcohol, coffee, whatever you can dream of.  There is a "french kiss" espresso drink that is my favorite.  The seats inside are clean and this theatre offers some independant films you can't see elsewhere in Madison.  The prices here are more expensive than anywhere else, but I can't dock them for that, you pay for what you get.  My husband and I come often, we love it.
3	Sundance isn't as classy as it likes to make itself out to be with those high prices. It's comfortable and clean, and definitely a better experience than Point, but pricey in an already overpriced world of cinemas.However, they do have a stellar snack bar. My mom and I get their delicious, tart lemonade with fresh popcorn. Sundance also has pastries, candy, sandwiches, and even a selection of beer and wine. Honestly, it's the good snacks and location that keep me coming back here.
5	You can buy a bottle of wine and food and bring it in to the movie.  What else do you need?
5	Can't get better than Sundance!  The different movies showing here always make it interesting.  We love the ability to select our seats by buying our tickets online.  We usually grab a bite before the show but the pizza was good when we ordered it here.  Popcorn has different flavors to sprinkle on which makes it fun.  They always have the wine we like.  The theaters are always clean.  Seats are comfy and rock and it's never too cold in the theaters.  Bathroom gets a little busy and could be cleaned a little more frequently.
2	The idea of this place was amazing, but the reality was not quite as amazing.  I don't like assigned seating--it put me between a lady who stunk and gave me a headache, and an obese guy who ate loudly through the whole movie, jiggling my chair the entire time.  The place reeked badly of burnt popcorn, and I had to hurry through to my theater so the smell didn't cling to me. And the location wasn't the best. Eh. Don't know if I'd come here again--maybe not on a weekend.
5	Very nice interior, good sound and an awesome  concession stand. I like the fact that you can pick your own seats online and at the ticket office.Yeah, it may be a little more expensive BUT it helps keep away the idiots who expect to pay $3 for a movie and then talk/text through the whole thing. Every time I've seen a movie there it's been a fun, relaxing experience which is actually how movie-going is  supposed to be.
2	I think this place is over-rated. Coming from Austin, TX, I had high expectations of a theater that served food and drinks. The Alamo Drafthouse in Austin is AMAZING...they serve you in the theater, have a huge variety of beer, wine, and cocktails, and also have a great food menu. Sundance has a nice theater, but if you're expecting a theater like the Alamo, it leaves much to be desired. Sundance has a small cafe in the lobby, where they serve a few beers on tap (all of which were out when I was there), a handful of bottled beers, a few types of wine, and basic food items. I wasn't impressed. You can bring your food/drinks in the theater and you can leave the theater to get another drink, but who wants to leave in the middle of a movie???Assigned seats are nice in a way (not rushing to find a good spot when the doors open), but if you're meeting someone there, I could see how it would be a pain. I wouldn't go out of my way to return to Sundance, but if it's the closest theater and there's something showing that I want to see, then sure, I'll return.
4	This place is straight up classy. Let's start with the food and beverages. You don't just get your usual popcorn and soda. They serve awesomeness like muffins, coffee, sandwiches, wine, beer. Hello? So cool! When you get your ticket (chosen via electronic touch screen device) you walk through to your theatre through a hallway that would make an interior designer swoon. The seats are big and comfy. I just wish I would have brought a blanket and slippers. It's that cozy. I'm giving 4 stars because it's about the same price as seeing a film in IMAX, except your not seeing a film in IMAX. If you're looking for a more romantic date night than the usual theatre, this is it.
5	Sundance cinema is also a part of the Hilldale shopping center which apparently features a few big name movies but mostly indie films. $9.50 base fee for all tickets and an extra surcharge based on the time of the day and the type of film.They have a neat bar offering coffee/sandwiches/wine/beer all to be enjoyed outside in the lounge area featuring really lovely leather couches and rustic wooden tables. If you are there to enjoy a movie you can take the food and drink inside the theater as well. They don't offer typical movie fare, but stuff more along the lines of artisan sandwiches. I didn't watch a movie but the outside lounge area was very spacious and if not for a movie I'll be back to enjoy a coffee and the large grey leather couch ;)
4	What a great experience.  Having never been to a cinema that served drinks as well as had pre selected seats, it really was a great place for a night out.  Buying the tickets online was so easy, the staff were helpful and the lines short.  Beers were well priced and my girlfriend said her hot chocolate was delicious.  I really recommend this place if you want to watch a new release in comfortable seats, cheaply and easily accessible.
3	I'm sad that they don't play very many indie films. The only movies I ever saw here were blockbusters. I'm sure I would stop by more often if they had a better indie selection.The concession area is cool. You can order wine, beer, salads, sandwiches, etc. It's true that you can pick your seats by reserving online, but they also tack on extra charges for advance tickets to premieres.
5	Sundance, you had me at pick your own seats. Regularly plays indie films, is very easy to navigate, and is a great size for being kind of an artsy place.This is an awesome theater. Since coming here for the first time, I have very rarely ventured to other theaters in the area. Sundance is also very family friendly. I have seen countless movies here including a couple on opening night. Most recently I went to see Argo with my two younger brothers. If you get there early enough you will likely catch one of the best screens to play I-spy with I have ever seen. I cannot attest to the food and drinks, because I do not typically eat or drink while watching a movie so that I avoid missing anything. Sundance is worth visiting at all times of the day.
4	I don't feel like Sundance is that much more expensive than other movie theaters, and even if it were, I would gladly pay more to not have to listen to other people talk during a movie. In Austin we have the Alamo Drafthouse, where talkers and texters get the boot instantly, but alas, they have not opened up a branch in Madison. Sundance is a pretty close second though. Although they do not have servers that come to your seat, take your order, and bring you your food, they do have a cafe outside in the lobby where you can order food and drink and take that to your seat. I like their reserved seating system, and the seats are pretty comfortable and recline a little bit. My favorite theater in the Madison area, hands down.
1	***UPDATE!So I thought I would send my review into Sundance and rather than just be apologetic, they sent me a rude email.  I am tired of chain businesses thinking they can do anything they want.  I am not asking for anything, please see excerpts below:Bathrooms: We do try our best to keep them nice and tidy. Ushers are required to check them as often as possible. When you were attending our theatre our 11 am shows were letting out (300 attendees) and our 2 pm shows were letting in (700 attendees). With that many bodies moving through it sounds like we did not do our job to keep them clean. I have contacted my ENTIRE staff about this reminding them how important it is to keep them clean. I also plan on scheduling more ushers earlier in the day on weekends to avoid this situation in the future.Seating Issues: The usher who you contacted did not handle the situation correctly. They should have moved the offending party out of your assigned seats. I have again contacted my staff reminding them that this is THEIR JOB to handle, not yours. Our reserved seating only works when people don't cheat and sit in someone else's seats. It is our job to police this so that you can enjoy your film. This was there response.  OH WELL!  Our usher messed up and the bathrooms are messy.  It is what it is.  What is the service fee for if the bathrooms were disgusting?  If you know you are offering  movies where 1000 people will be at your theater, then please make sure the bathrooms are clean.  Merijoy was the person who responded to me.  She said she took this seriously but blamed everyone else.  She never once apologized for my terrible experience.  The review has FALLEN to ONE star._____________________________________________This was my first time at Sundance Cinemas and I could not be more disappointed.  I will admit that I tend to go to matinee movies to save money.  I chose Sundance because of the movie time and it was only $7.50 to see the Hobbit.  However, when you get there it is a COMPLETE bait and switch!  They charge you an additional service fee making your ticket $9!  Wow.  So much for a deal!After paying $9, I walked in and was impressed by the look of the theater.  Cozy, warm, inviting.  I would have loved to sample the food but the line was well beyond the ropes and completely unacceptable.  I get there are lines, but there was only ONE food counter that I could see.  I did run to the bathroom before the movie started.  I went to a 2:20 movie.  You would think the bathrooms would not be that dirty.  The day just started a few hours ago.  Wet paper towels all over the floor, water soaked every surface, clogged toilets.  They are lucky I did not bring my phone.  Pictures would be attached to this review.  A unique feature of this theater is the ability to reserve seats.  Our seat was printed on our ticket.  Apparently, that kind of does not matter.  Someone was in our seat, we asked the usher what to do.  There were not many other places to sit and we did not want to disturb people as previews had started.  She explained it did not make that big of a deal.  So we found some seats near our other assigned seats.  After the movie started a group came in asking us to move.  I explained to them our situation.  So instead of finding other seats, they sent the usher in to speak to us.  The same usher we spoke to.  I explained it again.  They did not ask us to move but we did miss the first five minutes of The Hobbit.  Have you seen that movie?  Apparently the first five minutes sets the whole tone.  The usher did not handle the situation and the group stood and TALKED through the next ten minutes of the movie.  If you are going to have a reserved seating situation, please adhere to it.  It could be a good thing, especially for midnight movies.I do not think Sundance is worthy of any special notice.
5	This place is amazing.  I like the atmosphere, including the other patrons who visit here.  Booze on site, great food, and really good matinee prices.  Buy your seat online and pick your seat.  Priceless!
5	Yes. You can have 23 bucks for a flick (I think it's actually 11)if you give me my own seat and let me drink beer!
3	I get it, its an art theater with a bar...and people who like to talk about how artsy they are. Hits: You can have a cocktail to drown out the psuedo-intellectual seatmates you are going to find inside the theater. (I am convinced that South Park based the "Smug Alert" episode off of people who frequent Sundance theaters.) Misses: Over extended food and bev. options often causes bottle-necking at concessions. That said, the staff is great at getting the line moving. Hints: Classic movie Wednesdays can be purchased as a combo pack -- its retro and cheap. Two great things in one.  Also, sit on the first row off the ground and you can use the metal bars as a foot rest...just prepare for judgement if you do so. Bottom-line: It's a little affected, but what do you expect from a self-proclaimed art film house.
4	I'm a fan, not sure if the tickets are more expensive than an AMC, but if so worth it. Very nice and well done, a great concession stand as well offering more than just the popcorn/candy.
3	Sundance, I WOULD give you 4 stars for a few reasons: - comfortable seats - beautiful theatres - popcorn with real butter (just like the old Hilldale cinema!) - interesting film selections and things that can only be seen here.BUT then there's: - crazy overpriced tickets - "seat reservation" fees on TOP of the crazy prices.The food is good. You can grab a beer. Seats are comfier than some other places. But the overall experience is so much better to demand the cost. So I can't justify more than 3 stars.
5	Best theatre in town. This is how cinemas should be! You get to pick your seats, you get student priced tickets (2 for 1 on tuesdays with valid ID; or some discount), you get to bring HOT food like sandwiches, pizza, quesadillas into the cinema, you get to bring ALCOHOL like an adult. Wow. I'm pampered here. Recently they added an Overflow bar, with cocktails! yum yum delicious.And their prices are only 2 or 3 bucks more than a regular cinema. And they bring in classic films, artsie films, and live theatre from the UK.What are you waiting for?!?!?!P.S. you can raise the handle to cuddle with your dearest ;)
2	I've been to Sundance many times. I try to stay on the lookout for the non-blockbuster movies and Sundance is, of course, the only option in Madison. I wish they played fewer big releases. Until recently I had enjoyed the 2 for 1 student tickets on Tuesdays. I've been surprised in the past to find that certain movies don't qualify for the discount, so I recently tried to figure out if the 2 for 1 deal was available for a particular movie. I looked on the website, but the website is void of any information other than movie times. I tried calling the theatre just to check, but the automated answering system sent me right to voicemail. This was early on a Tuesday, so I can't imagine the place being that busy. With a little time before showtime, I headed to the theatre and of course saw a sign saying that Sundance no longer offers the 2 for 1 student tickets, but will give matinee pricing all day on Tuesdays for students. Okay, they changed the discount and that's fine, but why can't they put that on their website? or answer the phone? I know I'm complaining about a discount, but I think it shows a general lack of customer service. I also agree with several other reviewers on the condition of the bathrooms, which have never been great. One last thing. . . have an usher take tickets. I've been to Sundance a couple dozen times and I can only remember an usher taking tickets ONCE. It's part of the movie going experience that is sorely missing at Sundance.
2	I can honestly say that I'm not a fan of this theater. Every time I go here the lines are long for beer and food and the staff does not seem to have their stuff together.As for the purchase of tickets, you have to sit in the seat you purchased.....Well----it does not work like it should and causes more distraction than anything.If one person messes up their seats, so many others coming into the theater seem to fall in line with sitting somewhere else and it is just mad crazy. It is not fun trying to watch the upcoming movie trailers at the beginning of a movie I just paid for when there is a group of people fighting about someone sitting in their seats. I hate it! I was talking to a guy who had never been to this theater before, and the first thing he said about it was that he had NO CLUE or any indication that he had to sit in his purchased seat. To me this says any new person coming to this theater without reading a yelp.com review or asking someone will just automatically assume that it is like any other theater in Madison and just pick the best seats available once they walk into the theater. Ok, sure, I get it...your seats are printed on the tickets you purchased---but in all honesty to anyone new coming to this theater----this is a new thing for them and they will most likely sit where they want until they are kicked out by someone--- Then everyone gets mad, people make noise, stand up in front of me, and I can't get my full paid movie experience. This makes me angry and now my movie is going to suck.I can honestly say this happens every time I go to this theater, I can count on it...just like clockwork. "You are in my seat"Now to mention the seat prices----Expensive! I'm so confused why they are charging me a "seat reservation fee" every time I come here. What is that about? I thought everyone has a reserved seat to sit in once you purchase the ticket----I call shenanigans on this one!!!!!!!! On a plus note----It is very clean, comfy seats, and great choices of food and beer if you get in line early enough. Nice location with plenty of parking!!!! It's a nice place, just not my cup of tea.
4	We basically go to two theaters - Sundance in Madison and The Spectrum in Albany. They both show great movies, have real popcorn and generally have audiences who know something about film. Sundance is a bit more expensive and shows a more limited selection of indies and foreign films than The Spectrum, but it also has beer and wine and reserved seats. The staff at The Spectrum is more interesting - more piercings and creative hair and outfits. The desserts are a little better at The Spectrum too. Regarding the reserved seats, I don't understand all the whining about people sitting in the wrong seats at Sundance. I assume nearly all customers are adults so tell people in your seats to move. What is so hard about that? One negative comment my wife and I do agree with - the bathrooms are not consistently clean. Would Robert Redford be happy with the bathrooms -- we think not.
4	I agree with the yelper that said this is how theaters should be!The lobby is a nice place to sit and relax, they have a GREAT selection of food and drinks, you get to pick your seats, and they don't show a bunch of annoying ads.It was a stormy day, so hubby, daughter and I had dinner at the pizza place across the street. We bought our tickets earlier and picked just the seats we wanted!We were too early to go in to the movie, so we relaxed and talked on some big leather chairs. Nice!Daughter and I shared popcorn. She is right when she says this is the best movie popcorn EVER! They use REAL BUTTER! and the popcorn is fresh. I treated myself with a vanilla rum chai latte. Now where in the world can you get something that tasty?!?!? AND... the movie was great! What a nice evening!
4	I hate Pennsylvania with the intensity of a thousand burning suns.  Why do I hate the state of my birth and current residence?  Because of the absurd, childish, and antiquated liquor laws.  To buy a drink, the establishment needs an expensive (currently about $200K) liquor license; beer can only be sold at licensed distributors, and wine and spirits only in state owned liquor stores.  All of this to support a state run union that is bloated, inefficient, and expensive...like most public sector unions.So, imagine my surprise when the mature and sensible folks in Madison WI allowed me to buy a passable Cabernet Sauvignon to drink while watching World War Z.  Probably not the best drink for this particular movie...perhaps beer would've been better...but I was in my own zombie infested happy place drinking wine while Brad Pitt saved the world.  If only he could save us from the stupidity of Pennsylvania liquor laws.
5	If you are a grown up and the movie you want to see is playing at the Sundance there is no good reason to go to any other theatre in Madison (unless you absolutely need to have Pepsi with your popcorn). Alas, the Sundance Cinema serves Coca Cola from its fountain but it also serves many other tasty carbonated drinks in the bottle.The Sundance is peopled by employees who love the movies and work very hard to provide an exceptional movie going experience. Cut them some slack on busy weekends and make a little effort to clean up after yourself and everyone will enjoy their time more.The concession line moves faster than you might think, but because there is such a variety of choice it can sometimes take customers a while to make their decisions. It may be possible to engineer a slightly faster line, but if you expect that when its busy you will have to wait a bit, you won't be disappointed.I had the sandwich special today for a change. It was outstanding and less expensive than the medium pop corn. I was concerned though that the tasty potato chips would be too noisy to crunch during a dramatic moment, so I saved them for after the show.For those moments when the mood is right, a cocktail or glass of wine is nice, especially served in a proper glass vessel and not in a dixie cup or its plastic equivalent. See a movie in a comfortable, inviting and pleasant setting and appreciate this most remarkable American contribution to world culture in a setting that honors the art as well as the viewer.
5	Wonderful cinema. Most comfortable seats in a theatre in my experience, and best of all you can enjoy your film with a beer, glass of wine, or cocktail. 5/5.
4	Wow! What a cool place!Went here for a movie, since there aren't many choices close to the Madison Campus. This is just behind Target, off University.This place just screamed "classy"! Although the price reflected that as well ($12 for a night movie), the place was clean, you could choose your seats, and the crowd the theater attracts is adult and dignified--aka, you don't need to be reminded a million times to turn off cell phones and not talk, because everyone already knows this is the expectation.I would definitely visit again if I'm looking for a great theater, and am willing to pay a bit more to get more.
4	A very comfortable place to see a movie.  Try to buy tickets in advance--movies fill up!You pick your seats in advance which is a great way to go.Seats are comfortable and it's always an enjoyable experience.Popcorn is fresh and there are a lot of food/drink options.The only CON lately is that the lobby area and restrooms have been a mess.  Hopefully the staff can work on cleaning up the common areas and create a more welcoming environment.
4	One of my favorites!  :)  I love the option to be able to reserve your seat ahead of time - makes for a more enjoyable movie experience.  Comfortable seats and overall pleasant atmosphere.  They serve alcohol, cafe food, and popcorn - though I sometimes do wish for more of the "traditional" movie theater food at times.Have had only one negative experience at a midnight showing, in which the reel cut out and the theater ended up missing the first 20 minutes of the film.  There was no way to start it over.  Personally, I just went with it, but there were others that stormed out, clearly upset - whether or not they got a refund, I do not know.
5	Funny that Corey and I are starting on the "yes" note,YES to choosing my own seat and reserving it before arriving,YES to hanging out on a couch before the movie starts.YES to close, covered parking,YES to superior accoutrements.YES to very short previews.YES to making this my one and only place to see a movie from now on in Madison.
5	The nicest, cleanest and prettiest modern theatre I've been to. I think it's cool that there are multiple bars and you can order hot food. It's a bit more expensive than your standard theatre, but I'd rather pay the extra cash for a better experience any day.
4	I could've sworn I wrote a review for Sundance, but apparently I didn't, so here we go. My last visit was on 4/8/14 for the Wisconsin Film Festival. I've also been here many times for "normal" movie nights/afternoons.+ Reserved seating = pure goodness. - Pricey tickets, and what's with the extra service fees? Don't nickel-and-dime-me to death!+ Book online ahead of time - choose your seat, print your ticket, and go+ Good concession stand- Not enough room to queue people during long lines- Takes a bit to get specialty drinks and food (it's made to order, so it's understandable)+ Beer, wine, mixers available (ask about tap specials)+ Real popcorn with real butter = yay+ Comfy seats+ Good picture/sound- Usually a little cold inside, but not terrible- Bathrooms are tiny and often overrun with peopleThe Film Festival was run really quite well. They queued people in a special line, which made entry a breeze. The volunteers were outstanding - they handed out ballots, took tickets, and helped people find seats. Despite the theater being 100% full, the staff and volunteers did an outstanding job of making sure everything worked smoothly. The only downside to the #wifilmfest was a glitch during the movie resulted in a 5-minute pause while they fixed the projector issues. The couple next to me said that the theater had the exact same problem during two previous film fest movies (both on separate days). Not sure what that was about, but let's hope it's a temporary problem.
4	Well, the cinema is great, and the available food is also. It's a really relaxed, comfortable place to lounge also.  I've been there many dozens of times now.But along with death and taxes, one of the few certainties in life is that a cookie purchased at Sundance cinemas will 100% for sure be frozen solid. It's mind boggling how this certainty has persisted for years now.
4	Went here for the first time last night and maybe our great experience had something to do with the fact that the place was nearly empty, but we LOVED this theater. It's a little weird that an art house is in kind of a mid-level mall, but you know what? It's convenient and has very easy parking. I know everyone loves the idea of reserved seating but I don't think it's so great in practice. That said, we were the first ones there and there were maybe 10 people total in the theater by the time the movie was underway, so we didn't have to sit in our assigned seats. I can see where it would go bad on a crowded night. Plus, it's kind of hard to visualize the theater layout before you've been in it. OK, onto the drinks/concessions: Looked like a full bar with a good beer selection but the wines were pretty lowbrow for the most part. They did have Prairie Fume, which is good and local. The others, though, were Woodbridge, in little plastic bottles. Yes, plastic. Ugh. On the plus side, they'll give you a glass made of real glass. The popcorn is WAY overpriced. $6 for a small popcorn? That's ridiculous. But the menu has things like pizza and quesadillas, too. I can recommend the pretzel bites, which, although not cheap, were at least unusual. The real selling points of this theater, though, is the decor and the comfort level. It's just a beautiful space and the theater itself is very plush and clean and comfortable. The staff is pretty young and a little spacey, but very courteous. I don't understand how Madison got so lucky to have a theater like this, that is not only well appointed, but shows eclectic, off-the-beaten-path and foreign films. We have nothing like this in Chicago, which is too bad, because I'd definitely be a regular.
4	Pros: food/ drinks aren't overpriced, you can buy alcohol, you can reserve your seats, and you can see great movies that probably aren't showing in your standard theater. The venue is also pretty, clean, and well decorated.Cons: they charge you an extra fee on their movies because the movies don't have excessive previews (maybe 4 movies were previewed when I went, and there were no commercials). While this may be great for some people who hate sitting through 20 minutes of ads, it can make the movie too expensive for someone living on a budget. For reference, evening tickets tend to be about 12 dollars after the fee.Despite being a movie lover, I almost never go to the movies because of the expense. However, this is a theater I will frequent on the off chance that I decide to go to a movie. I will just go to a matinee to avoid the heavy no-ads-fee.
3	Woo it was expensive.  13$ a ticket.  Beware of that before you go so you don't have sticker shockVery friendly service at the bar and yes, there is a bar inside.I got a cookie and a club soda (wild night) the peanut butter chocolate chip cookie was so bland that I just threw it out.  Movie was great.  Theater was small so everyone had good seats.  It was uncrowded, quiet. Clean seats and clean bathroom.  You reserve your seats when you buy your tickets which is nice so you know what you're getting into.Showing good indie movies.  It's a bit out of downtown so if you're a student or visiting without a car you've got to take the bus.
1	Does not update phone listings or web listings when changing offered films. Drove twenty minutes to see a movie, was told at box office "oh, we aren't showing that tonight." You would think with their pretentious chain attitude they could manage simple technology. Don't waste your time.
4	This is a nice theatre. Went to go see "Guardians of the Galaxy" here. They put a lot of effort in the decor (fake trees lining the walls) but I really like that stuff. There's also a coffee shop and a good mix of movie snacks you don't usually see (pear and Gorgonzola pizza). They also have a rooftop bar. Another thing, you have assigned seats. When you buy your ticket the rep will show which seats are available for the movie you want to see.
5	this is the ONLY good movie theater in the whole Madison area. up to par with the Kabuki in San Francisco.Good food and drinks, no ads before the movies, clean, comfortable and reserved seats, mainstream and alternative/indy movies, and great restaurants and bars close by, plus free cover parking.Just a great time every time!
4	Nice place. Very modern industrial vibe to the whole place. Nice auditoriums.I like how you get to pick what seats you sit in
3	I love Sundance and I am a regular -- but 4 stars for the declining quality of the  film selection-- WHen Sundance first opened  you were assured independent movies and interesting docs.    docs     Now, I am noticing  more and more mainstream blockbusters.   ( also playing up the road)  so there is really zero difference.    And you can buy food at most theaters now.     I am disgusted sitting next to a pizza chomping slob.
5	A friend once suggested that the amenity charged for tickets at this theater was to keep the "riff raff" out.  I'm not sure if that was the intention, but it seems to be the result.  I go to a lot of movies, and I can count on one hand the number of times that that my experience has been ruined by rude patrons at Sundance.
5	This is by far my favorite movie theater in Madison. It is essentially the only place to see independent movies. I actually really like the assigned seats, so I can consistently get my favorite seats. The coffee/snack bar is way classier than your average concession stand too. Who doesn't love a boozy latte to go with your movie?!
5	It's not really an exaggeration to say Sundance has ruined me for other theaters. Wine, beer, movie themed cocktails, boozy smoothies, espresso drinks & tea, plus the ability to pick your own seat? Yes please! Plus, they have a great lineup of shows you can't see anywhere else. Independent & foreign films, National Theatre Live productions, and replays of classic favorites. You'll pay for the benefits (including no commercials), but it's worth every penny. Sign up for their free membership rewards program and earn free movies from spending $ on tickets and in their cafe/bar.
4	This is a cute little theatre in Madison that's part of a larger inside-outside mall and what makes it so nice is that:1. Ticket prices are lower than your standard chain theatre, seeing as I only paid something like $8 or $9 for a midday show2. You get to choose your seating ahead of time when you purchase your tickets3. It's connected to the mall, so even if you come early, you can check out the nearby stores or grab a quick bite to eat4. The eating place in the theatre serves real grilled cheese - heck yeah, Madison!!The seats in the theatre were pretty standard, but everything was very clean and the screen seemed to be clear of any blemishes.  I don't know how else to really describe it besides being one step up above any average movie theatre chain out there.  Friendly service, clean environment, and a great experience all around!  I would definitely be back frequently if I lived in the area.
4	In a world that is trending increasingly towards online streaming or summer blockbusters, Sundance is a great change of pace.  Some people just want to watch a well made film in a comfortable auditorium and not deal with hassles.  If that sounds like you, I think you'll enjoy this theater.You pick your seat when you buy it.  While not everyone follows the rules once in the theater, this is still a great system to ensure you aren't stuck in the front row on a big premiere night.  The seats are by and large comfortable, and the screens are fairly average size.  No big IMAX here, 3D, or 500 seat room.  Just a typical theater room.The concessions serve alcohol (always a plus) along with more refined sounding menu choices.  That said, I've had a decent amount of the food and it's not that great, not to mention very expensive.  Speaking of price, the ticket prices have a mind of their own and change frequently based on some kind of Guerilla math they've come up with.  This is my biggest knock on Sundance.  But alas, you pay a premium in order to not put up with crappy films, crappy people, and most importantly - crappy advertisements before your movie.  The movies have a few previews and then they start, unlike most other theaters in this age where you are bombarded by silly cartoon characters telling you to be quiet and used car salesmen offering the local town's deal of the day.Sundance is a great reminder that going to the movies can still be quite the enjoyable experience when done properly
5	Love this place! If your going to spend money on going to a movie, you might as well spend it on a place that has great atmosphere, food/drink, and brings in a variety of movies. Only downfall is that they don't always offer a movie your looking for. On the plus side, they do bring in films that you wouldn't be able to see in other theaters. :)
