5	What an awesome place! Warm atmosphere, great food, great hookah and super friendly staff! The owner goes out of his way to make you feel at home!
5	Tried Russian style omlet for breakfast and it was really great. The terrace in the morning is nice and sunny.
5	good place for any one good food and atmosphere !!!!!! the best coffee in vegas nice place to chill out with friends after long day.
5	Finally a place that serves legitimate Russian Cuisine in Las Vegas.  The Food was delicious. The ambiance of the place was awesome  The price was right.  The  service was spectacular.   The owner (Alex)  went out of his way to make you feel special.  I can see coming back to this place over and over again.   Definitely a must try it out place.
5	I have to admit finally it tasted like home, delicious russian food and mediteranian, great quality hookah and long lasting. Karaoke night was a blast for our company and we definitely had fun)!!! I have to say I will not only come back but feels like Im a resident here) two thumbs up and much success for these ambitious owners)!!!
5	Green Dacha is my favorite hookah place in town . Me and my friends always show up early just to be able to get a seat because it gets packed. The service is always awesome . Their food delicious . I 've had nearly everything from the menu . If you are new to the area or just visiting I would highly recommend going there . The crowd is friendly , the staff is great and the hookahs are always amazing !
5	Great atmosphere, superb service, and GOOOOOD FOOOD! I usually expect the healthy choice in any restaurant to be a compromise.  Not at Green Dacha! I ordered the chicken breast plate, and honestly this was the best I've ever had it prepared - even the rice was seasoned and tasty as is and needed absolutely no condiments or sauce! Will definitely come back to try the breakfast.
5	Great food and a really nice place. I tried a steak with mushrooms and potatoes and I liked it a lot :) Will try something else one of these days :)Also, hookah is pretty affordable and if you are there, try their home flavour.You'll see me again very soon! :)
5	Delicious food! Great hospitality! And cosy atmosphere! Perfect place to go for brunch, or romantic diner
5	Great authentic  food - hard to find ,  good location,  love the music  with  dj's at night... definitely  will be back!!!
5	Great place. Lovely authentic food. Friendly service. They have the best hookah in town. I will come back here for sure.
5	The best RUSSIAN restaurant in Las Vegas so far that I found ... !!!Great food ,clean and cozy place the prices are good.definitely will return.
5	Great place, feels very intimate when we first walked in. We tried half of the menu as we had a company of 10, good tasting hookah, pretty professional dj. Food is unique and delicious, but definitely you need to wait a little more as it is REAL food. Will come back to party soon
5	Found this place to be a fun hang out. Hard to find a place that has  Hookah. Full on restaurant food (Actual cooked food not microwave heated) and it has a dance floor with live dj too. cool place to come if you want the best of all worlds; Hookah, food music and the don't rush you to get out. the have a large space so you and your friend can spend time together and not feel like you are on a time restriction. We were always asked if we needed something and were not felt neglected. If you want a place to hang and chill for a while, I highly recommend this Place.
5	Love the food and hookah here!! Great atmosphere and authentic Mediterranean and Russian food!
5	This is my 3rd time in this place. After i have tried the food i feel in love with this russian kitchen. Now i am VIP customer here. The waitresses are taking care of me and the service is the best i ever had. I really recommend to everybody to visit this place. Also they have a very good hookah. I will be here a lot.
5	I was invited by friends to the new place who just opened. recently And that was a night to remember Greet food amazing music and atmosphereGood vibe all togtherWith lots of food and drinksI  come back  wi more friends lol
5	Excellent restaurant! Food is great, very professional service. You got to try pork chops. I recommend this place for any occasion.
5	The Green Dacha is a great place to eat some genuine Russian food and meet friends  to talk. This is the place to do it. The Russian Stroganoff is out of this world. The Neoploton or Kiev cake is something I missed eating.Come one come all!
5	I love this place! The staff is friendly and the food is fresh and taste amazing! Very clean great music great food friendly staff low prices
5	I Love this place! The hookah is amazing, and the staff is very friendly, professional,and attentive. The outside area was really nice and everything was very clean. Everything was on point, especially the food. I had the Pelmeni which couldnt have tasted better. Overall,  i was really satisfied and i shall be going back soon for Karaoke!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed dining at Green Dacha, the food was delicious and the service was friendly. I especially enjoyed the Beef Stroganoff... A must visit place in Vegas... :)
5	I love this hookah lounge. The music is so good and the hookahs are great. The food here is awesome. I highly recommend this place. The stuff are very friendly 5 star easy!!!
5	My mom bought me a groupon as a gift for green dacha grill & hookah. So me and my fiends came here. We did not expect to get this great service. All of my friends loved the place. The food was so good! The owner of the place made my b day so good. The gave us free cake and they took care of us so well. I defiantly will be back! Thank you guys for everything
5	If you want to really enjoy yourself with the greatest customer service, great prices, great food and hookah this is definitely the place you want to come visit and enjoy it to the fullest!!!  I highly recommend this place and believe me you'll be extremely satisfied with everything: music, food, customer service, prices, hookah.
5	Great spot for amazing hookahs and simply delicious food - definitely will  come back for more , their soups are to die for, served in  a large portions with bread yummy !!!!!!
5	Love the food, and friendly ppl work there. Nice place to chill and relax.Make sure you go and check the place out, you ganna love it.
5	Green Dacha is the best Russian restaurant in Las Vegas area. Great atmosphere, very friendly ppl working front and back of the house, and the food is awesome!! grilled chicken, schnizel, the beef stroganoff and the lamb chops are top items in the menu and in my list :) Great hospitality!!! Thx Alex, you make it feel like home!
5	I Loved their good !!! Nice and layback place !!! I definitely coming back !!! Thank U !!!
5	Good place. Perfect hookah and best chicken kabob! I like this place i recommend to everybody.
5	Came out here in a Friday night, friendly staff, awesome vibe, try green dacha hookah :) you'll thank me later
5	Second time in this restaurant, great food, great service, the pirojki beef is amazing!
5	Very tasty food. Not really fast but worth the wait.  Pierogi was fantastic the stroganoff over potatoes very satisfying!  The Russian cake for dessert must be shared but must be tasted.
5	The first Russian Grill/Hookah lounge I have ever been to! And I'm very happy I found this place, the Turkish coffee is a MUST have!! And they make really good hookah!! Not only that, but the environment is very exciting and a lot of fun, the owner Alex makes you feel like you are family in his home.  Come after midnight and you can experience some dancing and karaoke!
5	The hookah is the absolute best in the area and the service is exceptional.I'm a huge sheesha (hookah) fan and critique, so I didn't know what to expect, but Green Dacha is the absolute definition of a perfect hookah place.1-The location is convenient- 5 minutes from the strip.2-The atmosphere is VERY friendly..  the hookah staff is extremely welcoming and friendly too.3-The service is very fast and friendly. Coal is always coming around and they're constantly making sure that the hookah is not burning or getting weak.4-The hookah itself is of very high quality. The hose isn't poor quality like other hookah places. The coal is very good and they're always making sure to change it every once in a while (that have small cubic ones and if you're a regular hookah smoker, you know that it's better to have about three cubic coals than one or two circular ones). The foil is thick which is a lot better than the flimsy single layers that other places put. The hookah tobacco itself is super fresh and its quality is high.. it doesn't burn out easily and it's really strong. My favorite flavors are orange-mint & Green Dacha  (which you won't regret at all if you're into fruity/minty tropical flavors)5- The staff is extremely welcoming and friendly. the owner makes you feel right at home and always takes care of you so fun to be around and he's very entertaining.If I could give this place a 10-star rating, I would. Definitely a 10/10 experience every single time. Come here and you're guaranteed to have a good time. On weekends they have a really nice night-life atmosphere and they play really nice upbeat music with amazing base sound-systems, so be ready for a hookah-infused adrenaline rush.Go Green Dacha!!!
5	Found this gem thanks to Groupon.First off, it is a bit far from the Strip, but I feel that adds to the appeal. It's a place for locals. And that's what makes it a gem. Now as I am told, I am not a hookah official from the hookah crowd, but I know what I like to smoke! The mixes they put together are quite tasty. We had the Mummy.As for the food, my buddy had this Russian lamb soup.  It was delicious.  I tried a bit of the broth and it was well seasoned, just the right amount of coriander.  Unfortunately they were out of beef (later to find out that it wasn't that they were out of beef but the beef they had was marinated enough according to the owner Alex and he didn't want to serve it...that is the type of quality I appreciate).  But I did get their fries and they were perhaps the best fries, perfectly crispy and seasoned. Alex also brought over some of their homemade fruit punch.  It was excellent.  Not disgustingly sweet like many other punches I have had at other places. It is just fruit juice from 7 different fruits.  Very refreshing. The service is excellent and pretty attentive. I enjoyed meeting Alex, and I hope this place succeeds as it should.  I would like to come back to this place next time I am in town.
2	I come from NY and grew up on Russian food. After moving to Vegas four years ago, I was very disappointed with Vegas' lack of East Euro food. When I heard about Dacha I was excited and went there to eat. The service was good, very clean inside and even the music was enjoyable.The reason for the two star rating is because of what happened with the food. The food itself, Russian stew and Russian salad, was very enjoyable. I pretty much ate it all. However, about two hours later I started getting sick and by nighttime I was vomiting for hours. I'm used to eating this food from the family and I have a strong stomach (have not vomited in 12 years until now). Not sure what rubbed me the wrong way, possibly a spice was used that I'm not familiar with. Not sure what it was, but certainly not running to eat there again.
5	Original great eastern European food.Different GOOD flavors for Hookah. Great atmosphere and Ideal spot for locals.
5	This place is awesomeI never thought that Russian and Israeli food can mix, but I was wrong.Everything taste very good, the ambiance was cool and we felt like home
1	I give it 1 because no high chair We order the food well done but was bloody!! I just like the palinma
5	If you looking for a great authentic Russian food this is the place to visit. The service is great and what is unique about this restaurant that it's combines multi cultures and brings the Russian cuisine with meadle eastern style in one place, they also have a great hookah's. We visited green dacha several times and my favorite there is the beefstrogannof. The place is designed very well and have a lot of space which gives a very warm and inviting atmosphere.
5	Well, been here for the first time and I think this is the only place in vegas that you don't get ripped off. Hookahs are really nice. The staff are super friendly and caring. The owner is a really nice guy and takes care of you like he knows you for a long time. You feel like you are in your home. Highly recommended. Best hookah spot in vegas for sure.You guys must stop by here
5	The friendlier stuff ever! Owner is very dedicated, always making sure customers are having fine time. The place spacious and cozy. Food is very good. My favorite and must to try is the Beef stroganoff ! You will have no regrets!
5	Amazing Russian Cuisine, warm atmosphere and friendly staff. We certainly will be back!
5	Their special hookah was awesome. The food was decent.The ambience was very good and you feel like homeFinally you can definitely visit the place for HOOKAH!!!
5	Very accurate on delivery time and delicious food! Drivers are super friendly. 5 stars. Excellent keep it up!!
5	I was looking for a nice hookah lounge to sesh at on my trip to Las Vegas for New Years. Green Dacha grill and hookah lounge surpassed my expectation.The FoodI ordered the chicken Kiev with a side of ranch and it was very tasty, they have one of the best ranch recipes I've ever tried. The HookahI ordered their house blend OMG which was a mixture of many different berries. The clouds were thick and the flavor was rich.The AtmosphereThe interior design of Green Dacha  is aesthetically pleasing, a lot of work was put into this place. Couches were very comfy. Overall, great experience.
5	Delicious Pelmeni, Verinike, Borsht, Bread, Beef Kabobs, Potatoes, Salad, and the Neapolitan was a delicious dessert cake w hot tea.
5	This place just opened a month ago. The Beef Stroganoff is excellent. Just the right amount of sour cream in the sauce. I will definitely be back.
5	Never had Russian food before. This restaurant provides a great first experience. We went to there because it has five stars on Yelp, and it definitely worth a try!
5	I was craving Beef Stroganoff so we decided to try this new restaurant. It looks like a small cabin from the outside and is quite cozy inside. It even has a fireplace. There are tables with chairs and tables with couches, and outdoor seating in warmer weather. The lighting is low and the Russian EDM is loud, but really enjoyable. My husband ordered the Beef Stroganoff, but I changed my mind and opted for the Schnitzel. It turned out to be a great choice--the chicken was tender, and the breading was just crispy enough and very flavorful. The Village Potatoes were soft and moist on the inside with a crisp coating. And finally, the salad was a mixture of lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and red peppers, with a simple oil dressing. It was a meal I would definitely come back for! My husband was equally impressed with the Beef Stroganoff. When we couldn't decide what to have for dessert they "treated" us to their Neopolitan Cake because it is typically Russian. It has layers of flaky pastry with cream in between--yummy, but not too sweet. The food prices are reasonable and the service top-notch. I can't speak to the quality of the hookah since I'm not a smoker, but I'm already looking forward to coming back for the food AND the loud music!!
5	Such delicious Russian food! And my partner agreed, only time he thinks Russian food is good is if his aunt makes it! If you walk into a Russian restaurant, always get the red beat soup, borscht! If that's delicious, then all the other plates are delicious!!!
5	Great atmosphere. Really really delicious food.was satisfied. Would recommend it to my friends for sure.
