4	Good place to fuel up for the drive to LA.Yummy housemade corned beef hash+ generous portions+ homey decor+ fun concept (menu written in what looks like a town paper)+ friendly service = good value
4	I find we have been lazy a lot this week and do not want to cook. So off to the Black Bear Diner we go. It seems the vehicle parked next to us when we arrive is even more lazy than we as it was in a disabled space with no insignia to allow such. When the owner left they were just a rather fat young couple with a couple of kids. When we arrive they are pretty busy and the wait folks look somewhat frazzled. They ask where we want to sit and take us to a both at the back of the restaurant. This is one place I do not mind booths as the seat is shallow enough to allow my legs to bend at the right place. I am not sure what was going on here tonight but there were an over abundance of bubbas and their bimbos eating here. Dinner and theatre; cool. We came for fish and chips because that is what we were in the mood for and could think of nowhere near home that serves this except BBD. But as it always turns out we did not have what we came for, instead we ordered the fried chicken dinner. The chicken reminds us both of chicken we had as kids, very basic but good. Tonight was no exception; it was good for what it is. It comes with soup or salad and two sides. I personally think the side choice leave a lot to be desired. But what we got was fine. We both opted for the salad, which it just too big. In fact, too much food over all. I wish places like this offered half the size for half the money. We just have to remember next time to order one and share. Our wait person was fine if not overwhelmed at first. But being in that lazy mood I just did not mind sitting and watching the bubbas. She was a nice young lady with very pretty eyes.
5	Great food, breakfest is amazing and lunch is also great! They give you large portions of food. Check them out if your ever in the area and want a good meal.
4	Good food, certainly good portions and close to home!
4	I have this recurring dream where I'm lying in bed, and my friend Tyrone calls. And he's all "I can dig more clams than you!" And I'm like "No wai!" And then I spend the rest of the dream looking for a place to park. I don't know where that dream came from. I don't even know anyone named Tyrone.But if I did this is where I would take him. Because Black Bear Diner is as surreal as road trip dining gets. The ironic pictures featuring little bears trying to do what humans do ("haha! Silly bear! Manual transmissions are for humans! One day you will become somebody's rug! Ha ha!). The suspenders. Reading your menu from an old Goodyear Gazette. The faint presence of Wilford Brimley in the air. Wilford Brimley is everywhere, and can take many forms.*But alas, Tyrone is not real, and so therefore did not make a suitable dining companion. But Misty S is very much real (and very much my squeeze), so I brought her here instead.Our initial disappointment at the absence of African-American leather daddies aside, we quite enjoyed ourselves.She ordered the pot roast, and me the chicken fried steak. Both came with a side of mashed potatoes (you get your choice of two from a list of six or so) that came topped with gravy that matched the entree. This was done without prompting. I was so excited to see my meat and potatoes so perfectly accessorized that I nearly shat glitter.BBD's claim to fame is giving you a lot of food. It says so like twenty times on their menu. And in reality it is a lot. So much that you can hear the strained whines and cries of other patrons trying to finish their garlic bread. Or was it Texas Toast? I don't think it counts as Texas Toast if it's only grilled on one side. Why do I keep capitalizing Texas Toast? And why is everyone staring at me? Is it because I'm not dry heaving my way through my entree?Oh shit, is there glitter on my seat?*My review of Trader Joe's. Oh snap, self-reference!
4	We always have good service here and the food is always plentiful...if you leave hungry you didn't order anything...the portions are big so keep that in mind when ordering
4	After running a 5 K it's always a good idea to fill up on some heavy carbs, fat, and protein. It's the best excuse I have to pig out and feel only a fraction of the guilt. Black Bear was a great experience for us hungry runners. We brought out appetites and they satisfied us with no room to spare. The platters of food came out quick and heaping. The Original bear claw pastry is great to share, just make sure to eat it before it cools, which will be no problem at all. The coffee is actually drinkable without adding heaps of sugar and cream, not what you'd expect from a franchise, traditional diner. The mugs were so cute I wanted to take one home which I'm sure I could have since they sold an assortment of Black Bear memorabilia also. For five people the bill was just over $50 which is a value! I had the homemade Italian spice sausage patties that were made crisp and savory, while the rest of the group had granola pancakes, the "Volcano" of pancakes and eggs, and fruit platter. Everyone was satisfied, full, and ready to hibernate the day away.
4	9/04I like!  Not all diners can take me back to my first months living in CA.  Stepping into this Black Bear Diner, I felt like I had stepped into my uncle's Buckhorn motel and restaurant (sold a long time ago), thanks to the comforting aromas of coffee and breakfast cooking on the griddle, and the hustle-bustle of a busy diner!Our server was friendly, prompt, and efficient.  No complaints there.  Still no complaints when we received our orders of the daily special of NY steak and eggs (which came with hash browns and choice of bread: muffin, toast, pancake http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/black-bear-diner-goodyear?select=q7dK8yU76GIyLxt6KVjrHQ#q7dK8yU76GIyLxt6KVjrHQ , or biscuit) and a plate of biscuits and gravy. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/black-bear-diner-goodyear?select=EpBzkp0dH2QNe4m-F7F4dQ#EpBzkp0dH2QNe4m-F7F4dQ  Loved that she asked us how we wanted the steak cooked- medium rare to medium, please. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/black-bear-diner-goodyear?select=30v8SVaQU2f7AcTsPIRd2w#30v8SVaQU2f7AcTsPIRd2w  Oh, and she was thoughtful enough to split our entree when all we had asked was to have an extra plate. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/black-bear-diner-goodyear?select=RCVOGduEtBFY2S63er9qlA#RCVOGduEtBFY2S63er9qlA  She even remembered that I didn't want to have any of the eggs... cool.Everything was delicious!  The color/temperature of the steak was perfect!  I did ask for the hash browns be cooked extra crispy, and it wasn't, but no big deal, since we had the lovely biscuits and gravy to contend with, too.  (I suggest you get your fill of the B&G when fresh, 'cause they're not good eats hours later, most notably the gravy... ugh.)Glad to find another breakfast eatery to take my Mom to!
1	This place takes the cake for crappy experiences to date. Hubby and I went here for breakfast one morning after getting the kids off to school. The initial impression was more of a commercial version of a lodge/woodsy themed Denny's. On to breakfast. We both got whatever they call their signature huge breakfast. First impression, it looks decent. Servers, brisk, not friendly, efficient, to be expected. Then we tasted our meals. The pancakes were decent...until I found a nasty black hair under them. The ham steaks were very under-cooked and jello-like in texture. My husband's hash browns tasted very freezer burnt, they forgot the cheese on my scrambled eggs, and there was ANOTHER hair stuck to my glass. Pretty much vile on every level. No compensation whatsoever, and even our website complaint has yet to be responded to. Hopefully they don't waste plastic and send us a gift card. We will not be back. Ever.
5	We first went there for a post hangover breakfast. If I recall correctly there was 6 of us. The waitress came over and got out order and NEVER WROTE A THING DOWN, I mean not a single word, no note pad for this girl. After 10 minutes of discussing there was no way she could get our order right out food came out....exactly as we all ordered it. That is impressive service. Now on to the food....Massive portions, lots of meat(steak, bacon, sausage, ham, you get the idea) heaping mounds of hash browns or country potatoes and pancakes as big as your head-seriously they are big pancakes. The food is damn good, not the best ever but damn good so good in fact we go every Sunday as a group to eat there. Nothing is low cal, just good filling food. The waitress who never writes anything down is still there. We asked her about her ability and she informed us she once took an order for a group of 27 people and never wrote a thing down and got it all correct. she is officially known as the girl with the genius brain!! So when you want good, solid food go here, you will be happy.
4	Only have been here to get their pies to go for a pot luck.  The pies were mouth watering...  SO GOOD!  Need to come back to try the food.
2	We have eaten here a few times.  Nothing special.
5	This place does exactly what it sets out to do which is to provide comfort food at a great price. Portions are huge. I had the beef stew served with a thick slick of buttery toast and it was outstanding. A big heap of mash potatoes in the middle of it. My son had the Tri Trip, which he gobbled up. The food arrived maybe 4 minutes after our order was placed. Very, very fast. This is great value if you like comfort food and a lot of it. Tried the desserts also and they were outstanding. We had a berry cobbler and a chocolate lava cake. Staff was friendly and efficient.Excellent. Fast service. Huge portions. Comfort food.
3	This location rocks - excellent food, excellent staff.  I expect awesome food from Black Bear, every time I have been (around 6 times at various locations) the food has been great.  The staff at this location almost make up for my bad previous experience.  Based on this visit alone, I would offer them a 4.5 out of 5 stars (minus .5 stars due to playing country music - yucko!)**Please note - we only went this time because my inlaws wanted to go.  I am glad we did but still confess to feeling conflicted about giving them my business.***Update: Since this review (below) was posted, management contacted me and reassured me they were appalled by our bad experience.  This occurred within hours of posting the review below...which was a very pleasant surprise.Why the 3 stars you ask?  The last time previous to the reviewed visit (2008 Beaverton, last weekend in was in Avondale) I had visited a Black Bear, we lived in Oregon and were at the Beaverton location.  My wife and I had both visited Black Bear before, and both thought they were the bomb.  Our 2008 visit in Beaverton changed our perception of this chain though.We were asked to "clear the table because we were interfering with the waitresses' revenue stream".  WTF?!?!   I have been really out of line when I was younger, and never been asked to "move along" like that.  We were enjoying a cup of coffee after a satisfying breakfast doing absolutely nothing out of line.Our table had the only latino customers in the restaurant, and the only latino staff on the premises was in the kitchen, all other on duty staff was white - just like me.  We were speaking Spanish (my wife and friend were helping me practice).  We were getting lots of crusty looks from other customers - all of which were white.  Three tables were waiting to be bussed, one party of four was waiting for a table.You tell me what was going on here.Management on duty claimed the waitress had a point, and when I raised  stink, offered us a free meal, which we declined.Upon raising my concern to ownership via email, I was told my concern was not legitimate, because the restaurant manager (who was not present) was latino.
5	Outstanding, a real gem!We were in Goodyear AZ for 5 days. We found The Black Bear through a Yelp Breakfast search and didn't see a point in trying any place else. Great food and great service. We had Breakfast there every day.From the homemade corn beef hash and sausages to the biscuits all are OUTSTANDING!
2	Should have know better and ordered the chicken fried steak. Got chicken parm and it wasnt good at all. It had no flavor and the chicken was burnt. I've had better at a buffet. I gave it 2 stars cause my wife liked her BLT. I have been there a few times and really liked their CFS, but this visit I was very dissapointed. The service was fine though. Live and learn.
5	Favorite place for pancakes
2	Tried this restaurant twice, the first was for breakfast, and was ok. The second was tonight for dinner. They switched our waitress mid meal and the orders were messed up. The young host Mike,was extremely helpful, but as soon as our"2nd" server realized we were unhappy, she boot scooted out of range and wore a huge chip on her shoulder. The food was only passably warm and unfortunately we won't be back.
5	Simply the best breakfast! Delicious creamy pancakes, and the best eggs benedict I've ever had, California bacon benedict, with a side of fresh fruit and hashbrowns, and a fresh bottomless cup of coffee, yum! No matter how busy this place gets, we always get great, friendly and fast service! Have to still try their delicious looking personal pies and bread pudding.
1	I just thought I'd post an update.  I planned never to go back, but was with a friend who really wanted one of their breakfast items.  I skipped ordering ANY food whatsoever and merely ordered coffee and watched her eat.  As fate would have it, she had a BACK HAIR in her scrambled eggs (we are 2 for 2 now).  My gag reflex is going off as I type this.  My husband, friends, and I have renamed this place the Black Hair Diner, and we've decided they have actual black bears cooking in the kitchen, since they can't seem to keep black hairs out of their food.
2	Came here for breakfast and had a mixed experience.  I had their  Cinnamon  roll French toast and thought it was delicious.  Everything went down hill from there. I thought it was great that Black Bear offered a smaller size omelet for those not looking to have a large meal.  My wife ordered a small ham and cheese omelet and we were both shocked when we saw the hideous thing that was brought out.  It was two fried eggs with unmelted cheese and uncooked ham on top of it.  We sent it back to get melted. After they microwaved it, the dish became extremely greasy and salty.  It was gross.  Also, our sodas were flat and overly sweet with syrup.  The French toast earned 2 of the 5 stars back after they lost all there stars on the omelet.
3	SAINT PATRICK's DAY, 2011. we were all tired. we'd been on the road since early afternoon and it was already a couple hours passed our regular dinner time when we pulled in -- everybody was plenty hungry.i know corned beef is a JEWISH deli thing (does anybody in IRELAND actually eat corned beef ???) but i ordered the REUBEN anyway. if you're used to those sad sandwiches with meat right out of a plastic bag, try one with juicy, freshly made corned beef. WOW !!! now that's a REUBEN !!!the cole slaw side was creamy and delicious (and not too sweet).everybody else seemed to enjoy their food. i'm really not sure. i was too tired and enjoying mine too much to notice.
4	The best thing about this place is the portion size...they're huge. They have a wide menu variety. I have to admit I like the taste of their breakfast menu items better than their lunch and dinner menu items.
4	Give me 4 slices of thick -sliced bacon, actually cook my eggs over medium like I ask and have butter coverage all over my toast, you get 4 stars! Really Simple...Nah seriously, this is a good breakfast, solid contender. You can get Hash-browns or Home Fries. The Home Fries are always my first choice anywhere and here they get topped with this onion-pepper mixture after -cooking which I am not a big fan of though. So, I ask them to leave it off and then request the potatoes be cooked crisply- about half the time does it come out right, but that is OK, when it actually gets done it makes it a 5 star awesome breakfast!Took my brother and his family to breakfast and they really liked it. My brother got a 'Joe Bear Scramble' which he liked and was plated so appealingly, the lady at the table next to us saw his and ordered this for herself. SIL got the HUGE Chicken Fried Steak and really liked it, she is finicky so this is good. 7YO Nephew got the Cinnamon Roll French Toast (4 pcs) which he liked. But, we had to order him a side of bacon because it does not come with any meat. Hard to justify $10 plus breakfast for a 7year old but oh well, I stole a bacon leaving him 3 pieces which he gobbled up! Suggestion, half the order and add bacon as another option, the pieces are large enough to make this a solid plate for women or kids.The interior is on old Denny's and needs to be refreshed soon and parking can get tricky after 9:30am on a Sunday.So, if you are in town for NASCAR or Spring Training at Goodyear Ballpark, this location is right off I-10 (Southwest side). Go here or to Mimi's (Northwest side)) for breakfast, but please, stay in Goodyear and keep businesses thriving so I have a job. Thanks :)To get 5 stars I would say ramp up the home fries a bit, they are missing something but I can't quite put my finger on it, maybe use fresh onion without the bell-peppers (their "mix" seems to be pre-made frozen prepped kind) and cook with the potatoes to caramelize versus heaping them on after in a wet mess? Dunno, but probably.Enjoy!
5	There is no other reason I go to Black Bear Diner than the chicken fried steak.  Each time we are near this diner, but thankfully not too often, this is the one and only thing that pops off the page.  It is so good.  The larger serving is enough for two, easily.  Pounded, hand breaded with a cracker crust, then fried to a wonderful crispy crunch.  And a great cream gravy. The fixins are great too.  Biscuits are light and short.  Service is always good, the atmosphere is pleasant.It is nice to know that there are a string of BBDs up the Central Valley of California.  We frequent that route and always need a meal stop.  This is always a great breakfast while on  "vacation" for us.
4	I came here last Saturday with my boyfriend and was pleased! Walking in the restaurant they have a display of small deep dish pies and other sweets to tempt you. I'll give the banana cream pie a try the next time I visit.I ordered the Hot Turkey Dinner and the portion was huge, considering it was only $8.99! The turkey was tender and drenched in gravy, if I get it again I'll ask for it on the side since the mash potatoes were drenched in gravy as well.For good portions and a reasonable price, swing by Black Bear Diner!
5	I love LOVE Black Bear Diner!  When my boyfriend used to live on the West side, this was a regular breakfast spot for us.  Amazing food and good service.  Portions are more than enough, the quality is always high, and ingredients always taste fresh.  Highly recommend the pancakes or the chicken fried steak!  Heck - just order the Big Bear plate!  Might seem a little divey, but don't let the outside deceive you.  Perfect little breakfast joint and not a huge chain (which I will always try to avoid).  I'm happy to support Black Bear Diner any day of the week!
3	Came down on a sunday morning. It was pretty busy. Didnt wait too long to be seated. First time time here as well. I ordered what I think was called "The Grizz" ?...It was good not great. Kind of oily though. The special pancakes were awesome though. Staff was friendly.
5	After trying to visit "The Bear" here several times on Saturdays & Sundays & finding the waiting line stretching out to the parking lot, I finally gave it a try today, a Tuesday, at 2:30 PM.  Friend Suzi R. rode along, & what do you know, we got in without waiting!Like Black Bear in Gilbert, this place is REALLY GOOD, blowing away competitors such as Denny's, & yet the prices are reasonable...  especially considering how much food they give you.  Like Scott's Generations, you'd better have a big appetite if you don't want to leave with a doggy bag!My lunch choice for a first visit to this location was the "Chicken & Avocado Club" sandwich ($8.69), with which you get your choice of fries, cole slaw, homemade potato salad, green salad, or a cup of soup.  I chose well done fries & they also included some other extra goodies on the side.My friend ordered the "Old Fashioned Chicken Strip Basket" ($6.99).  All this food was just great, & both of us got enough to seriously chow down & yet still bring some home for later.This is "Coffee Shop" really done right!     :-))
1	Though I've eaten dinner here at this location two years ago and breakfast at the walnut creek location in September of 2009, tonight's food was exceptionally bad. The bacon wrapped chicken was not done on the inside and mostly reddish pink, the bacon was raw and the outside of the chicken reminded me of jerky in it's texture and it's inability to actually be cut with the butterknife provided.Though the salad was good, the main dish was abysmal and I would sooner head to Claim Jumper or Mimi's on my way into town.
4	Huge portions, reasonable prices, great service, and good food. I've only been here for breakfast, but everything has consistently been above average or excellent. The pancakes are some of the best pancakes I've ever had. The ham is a thick ham-steak that's grilled, and one of my favorite things on the menu. The biscuits are huge and fresh and the gravy is plentiful. The strip hash browns are my favorite breakfast potatoes of recent memory. Had a taste of hubby's chicken fried steak and it was AMAZING....I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.I always make it a point to visit Black Bear Diner when visiting Arizona or Nevada. I sure wish they would come to Southern California!!!
4	Always friendly!! The portions are huge! And the prices are right! Don't go Sundays if you don't want a wait! Busssy!The wait staff are a hoot and always ready for a laugh.  I appreciate the GM being out on the floor helping customers and delivering plates.  Some would just sit and watch.....Love breakfast and I go here at least 2 times a month.
5	Black Bear has the best breakfast! Their pancakes are to die for, their coffee really great for a restaurant, and just enough tacky diner feel to make it great! We have been several times and every time has been fantastic. Totally worth a 30 min wait if it is busy!
3	It was pretty good diner food. I enjoyed it and looked at it for what it was. It is just like a lot of comfort food chains. It was good and The service was good. Good place to stop off to eat at. Exceptional Pancakes.
5	I have avoided all of the Black Bear Diners I've seen over the years for some reason, but I finally got to try it out at this location. I'm sad I didn't do so sooner... much better than Village Inn, Denny's, Waffle House, and IHOP! (Among all of the other restaurants just like them... minus Cracker Barrel, which is still my favourite!)We decided to walk down here while waiting for oil changes at Brake Masters, and they weren't busy at all because of the strange time we decided to eat out of boredom (3:30pm-ish, I think.) It was the best option we had within walking distance in the area, even though I had always avoided/dreaded going there for some reason. However, I remembered possibly seeing something on Yelp about them being good, and like I said... best option in the area :P So, we went in, ordered our food, had great service and great food! Huge portions, and we weren't really that hungry to begin with... we probably could've just shared something if we had known how huge the meals were! :)Overall, good price, good service, and good food. I would recommend this place, especially given its competition in the area... although the nearby IHOP actually wasn't that bad. I was forced to eat at that IHOP one day, but was pleasantly surprised :)
1	How do I start?? So I came here the day before Christmas eve at the end of last year, we sat down yadda yadda, and our waitress came up to us after like 15-20 minutes and for some reason has a major attitude. That's not going to fly with me. She was like this uber short, midget short kinda, Mexican chick. We place our drink order, which takes her forever to get. A simple water isn't so hard or is it?? I get my water and blehhh it's tap water!! That b*tch! So we 'finally' place our order. Half of my parter ordered the chicken pot pie and I the steak salad. Then she comes back ten minutes later to tell us that they ran out of pot pies! Lol. Absurd, they're known for their pot pies! So they change their order. Then she comes back again about ten minutes later, saying there are two pot pies left haha oh man! Two people out of the 4 that ordered one said okay, I'll take the pot pie. Yet, we see I'm the window a little later, 5 pot pies sitting there! Horrible service by a horrible waitress! One star for my yummy steak salad;-).
5	This place is phenomenal!!! We drive past this place every single day and never stop. Today we had a taste for something different and I believe we've found our new favorite breakfast joint!We came in at about 11:00 AM on a Saturday. There was about a 15 min wait. Summer (waitress) was really friendly, welcoming, and even teased us a bit. Our food was brought out piping hot within about 5 min!!! And it was delicious! Huge portions without a huge price. The food was excellent and well worth the 15 min wait. I encourage everyone to give this joint a try.
4	I love this diner.  They give you a ton of food for a good price.  They have a good family atmosphere.  I go here on a monthly basis and have never received a bad meal.
5	In the search for great breakfast places, especially ones that serve it all day, this place just went to number ONE on the charts!   The service here is great, friendly, efficient, and fun with the bear-oriented t-shirts and paw-prints on their suspenders.  A lot of paw-themed stuff....from the dishes to napkins and stuff on the walls.OK, now to the food.  As others have said, portions were quite generous.  Sometimes bigger is not better--but here everything was great.   I ordered fresh squeezed orange juice.  The large size was really LARGE.  Was it really fresh-squeezed?   I saw a Minute Maid machine near the kitchen, so I don't know, but it tasted fresh squeezed!  ordered the California Omelete with home fries and biscuit.  When it came out, I was amazed--the biscuit was the size of my fist!   But it was delicious, and moist enough to even eat plain.  The omelet came with jack cheese and fresh sliced mushrooms inside, with a couple of slices of avocado on top.  It looked and tasted great!  The home fries were outstanding.  Many places serve up potatoes fairly plain.  These were red potatoes well-seasoned with salt and pepper plus pieces of green and red pepper.  Very flavorful and great looking.My wife got their blueberry pancakes. I had a taste--they were flavorful, fluffy, and had a nice vanilla taste to them.  The ham stake accompanying it was a nice big slab and plenty thick.This place is great for brunch, as you will surely be well-satisfied for several hours!The rest of the menu looks good for dinner and lunch--plenty of comfort food with creativity and flavor!
3	The place looked pretty awesome inside.  We were seated right away, however, had to wait 15 min for our waitress to come and take our drink order.  There is so much good comfort food it is hard to choose. I had the country fried steak, veggies, and a baked potato.  I should have just gottent the mashed potatoes.  Everything was amazing, although if you don't like onions I am not sure that you will like the veggies, they had a very strong onion taste to them.  I can not wait to come back for breakfast.
4	We went to Black Bear Diner for dinner with some friends. It was the first time any of had been there. We all agreed we will be going back!My wife ordered the chicken fried steak and it was VERY good. Another person and I ordered a combo of ribs and tri tip. The ribs were good (not great) but the tri tip was great. The other person at our table ordered prime rib. It was the special that night. It was ordered well done but came out medium. My friend sent it back and it was cooked some more.We took deserts home because we were all full after dinner. My wife had bread pudding and I had a cinnamon roll. Both were very good and large enoug to share with our kids.The service was friendly and fast. Except for the prime rib not being cooked to order the first time this would have rated 5 stars.Next time we are in Phoenix we want to try breakfast at Black Bear Diner!
1	This diner deserves 3 stars but I am adding 1 star because of my son. Jeff bought me breakfast and it was no special occasion. Cool huh! We had gone fishing earlier and he lost a huge bass and I did too. Good thing we don't have to depend on our fishing or hunting prowess for food like some people. We would probably starve. Anyway, back to the diner. We had built up a pretty good appetite and were looking for a good breakfast spot. Black Bear Diner came to mind from previous Yelp reviews. I chose the country fried steak and eggs, Jeff chose the thick sliced smoked bacon and eggs. Both breakfasts were ok but definitely not worth the $9.00 apiece price tag. The drinks and breakfast came out in less than 5 min. You read right, 5 MIN. So quick in fact, it made me suspicious and cautious. Everything was warm and APPEARED freshly made but the speed at which they came out pointed to pre-made, nuked or heat lamped. Probably left over from the early morning crowd and not being regulars we were given the left overs. We arrived about 9am.  At least Waffle House is cooked to order!  If you are not going to serve a freshly made product, then the price should reflect that and inform the customer! Boy, that would be a first. The waitress would say, "Excuse me, we made too much hash browns, chicken fried steak and biscuits this morning. Would you like a 50% discount on your meal or would you prefer freshly made at full price?" I would choose the former in a heart beat! So essentially my son paid a total of $22.00 + tip for left overs. My son works very hard for his money and to take his money using deceptive practices really pisses me off! I recouped some of the price by using all the butter and jelly on the dry baseball sized thing they call a biscuit! I am so pissed off right now I am taking away another star. No..make that 2 stars. LOSERS! I can't believe I told the waitress thank you... Makes me gag. It's no wonder fast food places flourish.
3	I wrote a scathing review of BBD but I will reluctantly upgrade it from 1 star to 3 stars. David D. at customer service responded to my complaints promptly and politely. No...I did not receive a comp. nor did I want any. My only hope is they will take care of their problems as he stated to me in his reply so unsuspecting customers will no longer be taken advantage of. No....I definitely will still not be returning nor recommend them to anyone!
5	Great chicken fry! I like the thick cut hash browns and gigantic biscuit too. I could only eat 1/3 of my meal, but still enjoyed it. Atmosphere was cabin-like with bear stuff everywhere which was fun. I read about bad service from previous reviews, but our service was just fine and very attentive. Would go back if I was in this area.
5	The absolute BEST breakfast I've had in Phoenix! The eggs are always cooked just the way you order them; never over or under cooked. There was no problem when I asked for Eggs Benedict (which is excellent, BTW!) with eggs over easy instead of poached. Food arrives promptly and hot, no matter how busy they are. The only thing they could improve upon is the toast. It's barely buttered and not always warm. A must-try is their link sausage. It's made fresh in house and is incredible!  Get there early because they fill up fast, and bring your appetite! You won't be disappointed!
3	This place wasnt bad, but they werent good really, either. I had an Asian salad wrap that was good but too much dressing made it fall apart and it was difficult tomeat. My friends had the open-faced hot beef sandwich and mashed potatos. She liked it alot and said the bread tasted sweet. My other friend had a cclub and cup of chili. Again, he loved the bread but the chili was luke warm and it came with the worst corn bread Ive ever tasted. Very dry. Service was decent enough as well.
3	This is the place to eat a hearty breakfast before plowing the back 40. There are two reasons for this.First, the portions are sized so that if you happen to be a black bear who wants to tank up before hibernating for the winter, you can do it for about $10 and be confident that you'll still have a bit of belly fat when you awaken in March. A short stack of pancakes was equivalent to a full order just about anywhere else. So you'll want some serious manual labor to work off the calories.Second, the locals love this place. At 10 a.m. on Saturday in the rain, the line was out the door. if you want to recreate the hectic feel of a New York City lunch counter amidst the Big Woods, that's fine, and the waitstaff were doing a heroic job of coping. If you hope for a more relaxed breakfast, the crack of dawn before hitching up the oxen to the plow may be your best bet.To the restaurant's credit, the blueberry pancakes use actual fresh blueberries, not canned ones or blueberry pie filling. The pancakes otherwise didn't distinguish themselves one way or the other -- they're fine, very much on the sweet side. I'd do Black Bear again over the IHOP across the street because the overall experience is more entertaining, but next time, I'd try the biscuit. The muscular dudes next to me at the counter had biscuits, and they seemed to be larger than our heads.
4	Good food and fast
5	This place is super packed on Saturday & Sunday mornings. Rain or shine. But the food is good & the staff give such great customer service that we always return. Wonderful atmosphere. Not to mention they have reserved up front motorcycle parking. Nothing like jumping on your hubby's motorcycle while the kids are at school to grab some yummy food & VIP parking.
4	Great breakfast place. Food really good and service prompt/friendly. Went three days in a row on recent trip. Chorizo scramble was fantastic. Minor feeling of being part of a chain, which it is, but just a little.  Really enjoyed and will go back for sure. Also, open at 6 am which is a big plus for me.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. The portions are huge (It's kind of their thing), but even better the food is top quality. All the ingredients seemed to be really fresh. I got a jalapeno burger with fresh peppers, not the canned ones you would normally expect. Also the service is great and the food is cheap. This is my go-to for dinner when I don't want to dress up.
1	My family and I decided to check out Black Bear because it had 4 stars. Big mistake. Honestly, this place isn't as good as a IHOP or a Denny's. The quality and taste are about the same. Nothing special. The omelet was THE WORST omelet ever made. They basically took the eggs, scrambled them, then just folded them over WITH NO CHEESE. WTF. When we asked the waitress she gave an attitude and said she can just bring out the cheese. We asked to bring it back. All they did was take cold cheese and put it in the eggs. Terrible. The manager never apologized or came to check on us. The chicken fried steak was standard which is weird since it's supposed to be "the number one best seller". Certainly didn't taste like it. Gravy was tasteless as well. I tried to compensate with tons of pepper and a good amount of salt. You want to know the real big F up? HOW DO YOU MAKE A TASTELESS FRENCH TOAST EVEN WITH SYRUP? well go here to find out. No powdered sugar. Weird that the syrup had no taste and couldn't even save a flavorless french toast. Service was rude and one of the girls just had this "going through the motions don't care at all about the customers" attitude. The Waitress also spilled the ENTIRE syrup on her hand and pancake then had the nerve to ask "do you still want it?" How bout using common sense and bring it back to make new ones. Overall I just wouldn't waste my time or money on this place again. Honestly the faster you get this S%^& out of your stomach the better.
3	OK dinerStandard diner with a huge breakfast menu that you can order from all the time.  Nothing special or different from similar chains, except maybe more dated decor.  HUGE portions will appeal to some and seems to cater to the older crowd.Fine options, but nothing special.
5	Ate breakfast there yesterday. The corned beef hash was "to die for"! My poached eggs were cooked perfectly. The biscuits are light and fluffy! The staff was pleasant and attentive. Can't wait to go back the next time I am in the Phoenix area.
4	Walk into Black Bear, get a seat, and immediately order a huckleberry milkshake. Just trust me. Chicken Fried Steak is good, everything else is pretty good, too.
5	I had heard a good deal of positive things about this restaurant before I was able to get in there and try them.  I love the atmosphere of the restaurant and the staff was friendly and efficient.  I've only eaten items off their breakfast menu but their plates were absolutely huge!  I was unable to finish my meal both times I've visited and they keep the coffee flowing which is always a plus.I can't speak for other items on their menu but if you are looking for a great breakfast I would recommend skipping IHOP (located across the street) and stopping in at Black Bear Diner,  The food is great, they provide a child friendly atmosphere and the prices are low considering the amount of food you receive,  Definitely give them a chance if you are in the area,
2	The food is no better than its counterpart, Denny's. Don't waste your money.
5	Good food, Good Portions, Good price
3	We went here for the first time during Fish Fry Friday. I hate fish, so I passed on the fish. I had pancakes, eggs and hashbrowns. It was pretty good but nothing to write home about. There were a number of entrees that I was interested in so next time I will try one of them. My boyfriend enjoyed his fish and had two plates full. I ate his hush puppies (REALLY yummy) and some of his fries. The one thing I was really disappointed about was the pie. I got the chocolate pie. The crust was disgusting. The filling was decent. The whipped topping was mediocre. We will likely return for another fish fry friday, but I certainly will not be buying the pie.
2	I've been to Black Bears throughout California and this one was not nearly as good as the others.  The biscuits were hard and dry and I just was not that happy with our breakfast here. The portions are still crazy big but the quality of food and what you pay more just aren't what I had expected.  If you are going to be a chain restaurant of sorts, everything should be consistent and this location is definitely not compared to others....
5	On our way back to California.  Tried Black Bear Diner in Emeryville last months. Same great and friendly service. Waffles pancakes and French toast were great!
5	I am a breakfast kind of guy. Always checking for the good breakfast place when I am in a new town/area. After a locals recommendation and some Yelp reading on the BBD went there to sample the fare. Outstanding breakfast food. First trip had over easy eggs, which are not easy to prepare, my compliments. Second trip an omelet which was very well prepared. This place rivals my at home breakfast place which I have a great prejudice for. Outstanding pancakes, delicious hash browns and good, strong coffee. Went on a Sunday and had to wait, a short wait but a wait and worth the wait it was. A weekday trip immediate seating. Warm, friendly, attentive service and food at very reasonable price(s) .
2	This restaurant might not be racist but they don't really treat you very nice.  If you have a Groupon.....make sure you print it because the waitress told us that they would not honor it because it was not printed. She was a little rude about it.  The manager did honor it after we asked her to ask the manager otherwise she wasn't going to.  Then when my husband and I go to pay the bill the hostess was pushy. My husband was pulling up the Groupon on his phone and she told him that she wanted the receipt, I told her that he was pulling up the groupon to give to her. Not very nice she said yes I was told about it, very pushy and inpatient.   Everything on the menu is about 9 and up. The other location on Bell is really friendly.  Don't see us going back to this location.
5	Good prices and goog service, great stake and eggs you can't beat the price.
3	It was good, but dated. But some would say that's the appeal.
4	Black Bear Diner is the epitome of what America is today:  obese, gluttonous and having a deadly fear of anything that even sounds like exercise.  Go in and count the number of men in there with a 36 inch waist or less ... you MIGHT make it to the end of the fingers on your first hand  (and let's not talk about the Wagnerian-built female patrons!  "Rubenesque" would be a kind description).Now, the restaurant itself:  if you can sneak in there without your fitness trainer seeing you do so, Black Bear Diner is THE place to drown in comfort food.  The cooks in Goodyear have recently been replaced, or must have been, because the Reuben, for example, no longer drips in grease on your plate.  The food is almost always good and the women who wait on the customers undertipped, underpaid and underappreciated  (believe me:  they deserve to be tipped well beyond the 15% standard ... especially as meals are pretty cheap here and the bill will be small).  Whether the management knows how to hire or the girls just bust their tails, because they're afraid one of the patrons will roll on top of them if service is too slow, I don't know.  My favorites:  the fried chicken, the aptly named Volcano  (pancakes, sausage, eggs, etc.), which will cause your blood sugar to erupt like one; their Reubens, Club sandwiches ... they're all good:  you can't go wrong.Beware Sunday mornings, when well-dressed Church goers mob the place as well as Fridays, when they have their all you can eat fish fry.  And just in case you really were able to find pants with elastic waistlines, don't forget the cream pie desserts.  In summary, while the food is far from gourmet, it's usually quite tasty, comes in large quantities and will leave you full for a long time afterwards.  I recently returned to Black Bear Diner after a 3 year absence, because I was in the mood for a sinfully caloric breakfast.  The waitresses had no problem recognizing my rotund figure, even though I had lost 40 pounds in my absence replacing Volcanoes and Club Sandwiches with exercise and a moderate diet.  After telling me how wonderful I looked, one of them asked me how I did it."Simple," I replied.  "I stayed away from here."Black Bear Diner - it's what America's all about.
5	I really like it here. I do not like the wait though. It is worth it to wait. If you ask for water while waiting they will give you a nice icy glass of water which helps because it is warm out.  You get nice filling portions. They do charge for Orange Juice refills. I ordered the Shrimp Po Boy. This is new on the menu. Bread is so soft but way to soft for this sandwich. Bread will get a bit soggy because of the sauce they put on it. Shrimp is not exactly Louisiana style. It has ok taste to it but not spicy enough the breading on the shrimp was a bit too undercooked. Everything falls out when you try to bite into it. I do not recommend this sandwich to anyone that has had a good one before from somewhere else. If you don't care how a Po Boy is made and you like a big sandwich to get full off then I guess go ahead and get it. I will just stick to the other things on the menu like the Pot Roast sandwich or chicken fried steak plate. I have eaten here before and was very satisfied with what I got. I just wanted to try something out of the ordinary and new from here. I give Black Bear 5 stars because of everyone else  plates and my previous experiences eating here. Oh and I love the red skin mash potatoes here the are the bomb thought I would throw that in. If you sign up to be on the mailing list you will receive a free meal on your birthday.
3	Heard great things about this place so decided to check it out last weekend for breakfast. Very busy place with lots of options. I ordered the corned beef hash meal. The menu noted that the brisket was roasted in house so that peaked my interest. Now, I haven't tried corned beef before but what I ended up getting was shredded brisket jerky which I don't think is how it's supposed to be. The meat was really dry and stringy. Not a bad flavor but the texture really threw me off. The meal also came with scrambled eggs which were fine and a cup of fruit. Will try this place again but I don't recommend the corned beef hash.
3	Normally we have breakfast here, but we got up a little late so thought we'd give them a try for lunch. It was packed as usual but we got a nice booth and didn't wait too long. We were given our drink order right away and our food arrived on time. My boyfriend got the triple stack blt and I had the California burger. I think they confused triple bacon with triple bread. There was only 3 pieces of bacon on the triple decker club style sandwich. On the plus side, his potato salad was excellent. My cheeseburger, which came with half a head of lettuce and half of a tomato had a quarter size spot of shredded unmelted cheese on it, hidden under a salad. The burger was cooked correctly and it was tasty, it just wasn't a cheeseburger. After we were finished eating we waited about 15 minutes before our waitress appeared to ask if we wanted boxes for the pile of uneaten bread on my bf's plate. We got our check and went to pay. The girl at the counter was talking to two other waitresses. I said hello and handed her my check. She completely ignored me grabbing my bill and card off the counter and continued to talk to the other girls. Not once did she tear away from her conversation or even glance in my direction while flinging my card and receipt on the counter. Really Black Bear? Is it really that difficult to find a better hostess? It'll be a long time before we come back, and it's because of her, not to mention you're charging $9 for untoasted white bread and lettuce. Perhaps janelle would be better suited at busing tables or washing dishes, since she obviously doesn't understand that being a hostess/greeter means you actually have to greet people.
4	My family and I love Black Bear Diner, wish there where more of them in the valley. I particularly like the chicken fried steak, I get it almost everytime
4	Good food just a lot of it also. No wonder America is so fat
5	15 minute wait to get in isnt bad at all for a Sunday morning..big portions which is good for the guys. .awesome cheap prices for the amount of food that is served.  I chose the denver omelette with a side of fruit and wheat toast. MmmmMmmm..perfect mix of onions.bell peppers. And cheese. .delicious.  You gotta come try it. .it looks a lil wierd outside but oh well.  The food is goood! !
5	Awesome traditional diner food. Breakfast is amazing dinner is great also. My 3 year old daughter begs to go to this place to see the huge bears. Highly recommended.
5	Nothin like this in the East Valley. Parking lot packed, never heard of this place. It's good, really good. Healthy, not so much. Differences from most bfast places include, they make their own sausage and hash browns. Both were great. Scrambled eggs were normal good. Service great, and the coffee was good. The guy next to me had eight cups, and he's still in there.
3	Would have given 2 stars but the pie changed mind. The food is okay and they do have good coffee. Decent prices. I had the California Benedict which was good. Seems like the waitresses have a lot of drama going on between them and the hostess was no where near the mostest. Should definitely have a more sociable person greeting/checking out customers. She was pretty miserable. Nothing to rave about and most likely will not be back to eat in. **We may stop in and pick up a pie to go. We took one home and it was really good (we got the peach... Yum).
4	There was a brief wait when we arrived. The hostess was pleasant, and our server was efficient. Split The Grizz breakfast with my husband, got coffee, fresh squeezed oj, and the kids both got generously portioned breakfasts and chocolate milks. We had more than adequate portions, and left satisfied.  It's all American, yet a far sight better than Denny's, Waffle House, or Ihop! Will return,  it's close to home!
2	Clean diner. Friendly staff. Nice air-conditioned environment.I ordered the steak and eggs special. Price was right but the steak was not steak. It tasted like mushed up processed meat reformed into a steak and left an extremely bad aftertaste in my mouth. Perhaps they should consider getting actual steak or mentioning that it is processed and seasoned.The hash browns were good and made from actual potato but that is about it.
4	Fresh fruit for breakfast and got an awesome 7 grain pancake. Only wish they had agave syrup. Everything else my family got tasted freshly prepared and not out of a box. Justin got waffles and David got an amazing Shasta (scramble) omelette with fresh spinach, peppers and fresh slices of avocado on top. If I ate eggs, I would have loved it.
5	This is a great all American diner! I have only been for breakfast. I get the Volcano every time. It is so goooooood! I love the diner setup as well as the selection of pies. I will be going back as much as possible.
3	I've been here once with a friend for lunch didn't know exactly what to get so I went with a burger. It was lacking a lot of salt and flavor.
5	Hands down best pancakes, have had their country fried steak and I love it! We eat here atleast once a month. The bill is equivalent to Denny's or ihop but better home style plates and much more in portions. Lets not forget the fresh squeezed OJ! Bad thing is its always a small glass and no free refills. My favorite bfast joint! Love it!
3	The food is decent but it gets spendy quickly!  Their OJ is the best...fresh squeezed, most breakfast items are very good, service is good.  The Tri Tip Dip is a must try!
5	This morning was my second time at this location and it was just as good as the first! Kathy was our server today, she was great! I ordered the Shasta Scramble with country potatoes and rye toast and it was SO good. Love this place.
1	12/19/2013I have frequenting this diner since before yelp and was always pleased with the food and service. My last two visits there have been very disappointing.  Both times eggs WAY undercooked, pancakes size range from silver dollar size to 8 inch but you do get three, sort of.  Sent the eggs back to have them cooked only to get back very cold pancakes and burnt eggs.  Wait staff obviously did not want to be there. Judging from the managers attitude I can understand why. The place is going downhill, floors filthy, bathrooms disgusting, food quality poor, and uncaring employees, look to the managers I say.
5	We stopped here on a Sunday morning while traveling after reading reviews on Yelp.  What a fantastic breakfast. The service was great and the servers were all a lot of fun. And my Shasta Scramble was excellent. I wish I'd ordered it without onions but that was my mistake.  The hash browns were excellent, the scramble yummy and the biscuit was huge and delicious. I hilly recommend the Black Bear.  And I'd you're coming on a Sunday, come early!  We arrived around 8:30 and were seated right away, but when we left about 9:15, people were waiting for tables.  5 stars for sure
5	We had breakfast twice while in town over the holidays. I had the corned beef hash both times and it was simply amazing! As the menu says this stuff isn't from a can! My hubby had the cinnamon roll French toast on the second visit and loved it. I have t had their lunches or dinner but of it's like their breakfast you will enjoy it!
5	Great food a little pricier but great food! I had the Eggs Benedict with spinach, damn it was good.  Wife had something else I dont remember but she loved it too. I was craving chicken fried steak and eggs, I guess next time. We will be back.
2	My friends took me here, I was excited because all I ever hear is how amazing it is... It's her favorite breakfast spot. Eh my omelette was more like egg taco. Buncha cooked eggs with bacon, sausage, and unmelted cheese, etc shoved inside and a chunk of spinach on top? The potatoes were ok as was the kinda dry biscuit that I had to wait over ten minutes for... Figured it might give it some flavor :-/ disappointed in the food and bad service but it wasn't terrible. I'd be willing to give it another shot and order something entirely different ... The atmosphere is fun and when I get off work at 6am it's one of few open establishments.
4	Yes, we were fed vast portions.  Yes, breakfast was good.  Yes, the service was OK.  Price was about $12 per person.  Standard diner fare with Black Bear twists.  We sampled widely.  I could barely hear the table conversation at 10 AM on a Saturday morning because of the roaring conversations and many families waiting 20 minutes to get a table.   Will we return at 10 AM on a Saturday morning?  No.   The rush starts at 8 A.M. I  was once a member of a well-traveled BAER Team.  We had the BAER secret sign - right arm raised, fingers like claws and the BAER cry - Raaaarrrr!!!.  When a project concluded, or at organizing meetings, if there was a large chain saw bear within a half mile, team members clustered, Raaarrr!!!d and cameras snapped.   And of course, if there was a Black Bear Diner, with flower beds full of large chainsaw bears, eating there was a must.  I'm not sure which number Black Bear Diner was in Redding, California.  I am pretty sure it was very close to being number two,  That was the first one I saw and et in.  That was 2001.  Black Bear Diner grew into a roaringly successful dining franchise with restaurants in eight states.  Food, service and ambiance done well.  Good job Bob and Laurie Manley and Bruce Dean.  Thank you for hundreds of jobs and a good place to eat.  The nation's BAER Teams salute you  - Raaaarrrr!!!.
4	Been going to Black Bear for some time now. Busy most of the time. Allot of good down home food, fir a good price.
1	Worst hash browns I ever had. They aren't cut up like normal hash browns and they seemed undercooked with no flavor whatsoever. The cashier let a couple jump in front of me even though I was next in line and tells  me she'd be right with me. Instead of helping me right after that she hopped on the phone and I didn't get helped until the manager came by and asked if someone was helping me. Meanwhile my food was sitting on the counter getting colder and colder. The hollandaise sauce on my Bears Benedict was an extremely dark color, almost brown. Definitely not worth the 11 dollars I spent, I passed up 2 or 3 decent breakfast restaurants for that mess. Last time I ever visit that diner.
4	Went with the family for breakfast wait was a little long but that was ok as we weren't in a hurry or starving. It was so worth the wait. I had the godfather omelet. It was huge. The biscuit was about a pound and a half. Overall the 8 of us were very happy with the food. Big portions and great tasting. The service could have been better as I needed a refill of my coffee for about 10 minutes. We will come back when we're back in town.
5	One of my favorite places to eat breakfast in Arizona! When we go out for spring training each year, its a must we stop when we arrive in AZ , and as we leave AZ! Gets pretty packed but they get people in quick. Love their omelettes and all dishes are huge portions and good service. They even sell their own hot sauce which is good too! Recommend Papa Burn sauce
4	A must try. The place is clean, we had a great server who was very helpful & attentive. The food portions are amazing & everything has a homemade taste.
2	Steaks are always over cooked and service is bad. They never bring you any more to drink. The waitresses don't listen when you give your order. You ask for baked potato and they give you mashed. The desserts they ask for is cold even after they heat it up. We stayed at the motel and went there three times and had different waitresses and every time it was the same.
4	I got the bacon cheeseburger basket with onion rings. It was good, and would be good for anyone that ha a stomach roughly the same size as their eyeballs. Good stuff. Yay!The service was good too. Yay!
5	I'm from Northern California and always seen them around but never went in and I'm extremely upset I hadn't. I ask the lady friend if she wanted to try it out and I went two days in a row! You want some good food this place is on point!
5	I love this place. I come here often with my mom. I never get breakfast unless I cook it myself so I always get an omelet. Ana is the best waitress.
5	Awesome awesome spot, especially for breakfast!!! The portions are huge so make sure you wear sweatpants or loose fitting pants!! I always get the Eggs Benedict with country potatoes! Yummy!! The service is always friendly! If you're ever in there area, I highly suggest a visit!!!
5	They never disappoint! Good home cooking!  Great service every time I'm there. Chicken fried steak is my favorite... My husband always gets their omelets and hasn't found a combo he doesn't like...
5	The apple sausage and spinach egg white omelet was so good. And real fresh squeezed orange juice.  I'm in!! Definitely will return here
4	Fresh squeezed orange juice... Check. Not many places offer this and it is a definate plus. Got the chicken fried steak with country potatoes. Very good and filling for the price. A frequent stop for me for breakfast on the weekends
5	We visit many Black Bear Diners when we are in California and Arizona and are never disappointed. The food is good quality and the service is quick and friendly.
2	Stopped by on Thursday morning about 8:30AM for breakfast, was seated and drink order was taken, the waitress seemed in too much of a hurry and left halfway thru ordering drinks. She returned with only part of the drink order, dropped it off and went to the counter, sat down and was eating her breakfast, ten minutes later she returned to take our order, I told her of my dissappointment in the service and was told that she had been there since 5:00AM, my comment, in almost 40 years of working at the same place I always had breakfast on my own time before I got to work. Although the food was pretty good, cold when we got it because she was visiting with another waitress and guest while our food sat on the counter. I don't think I will ever return, a half mile down the street is TJ's, they always deliver good hot breakfasts from waitresses without attitudes.
4	I ordered eggs, bacon, hash browns, and a biscuit. They brought back a plate filled with large portions of each and everything tasted great! I also had a side of the country potatoes and those were flavorful as well! To drink, I had orange juice which was freshly squeezed and homemade! Good, but a little warmer than I would have liked. Overall, it was a great breakfast!
3	We went in for breakfast on Sunday. There was not much of a wait and the staff was really friendly. The food was just ok, definitely nothing special. I had an omelette and it hardly had any cheese in it and not much flavor and not worth the $. Probably won't be back.
5	Really good food + really good service = a great breakfast experience. :)  Found this place here on Yelp and was very pleased. There were 4 of us (and a baby.) and every one was very happy with their food. Large portions and tasted great!
4	We have eaten here twice in the last week. It is a great place for when you really don't know what you're hungry for. The menu has a wide varity, chicken Parm to pot roast. They also have breakfast all day. The sweet cream pancakes were so good. There is a hint of a spice, not vanilla but close, that I just loved. The thick cut bacon was great. So many places have junk bacon but here it's super tasty. My husband had the corn beef and hash, he really loved it, cleaned his plate. The pot roast tasted just like i hoped it would. Mashed potatoes were spot on. I saw several other tables that had great looking sandwiches, I'll try one next time.
5	A buddy of mine chose this place to eat after a round of golf.  The food was fantastic!  The orange juice was fresh squeezed and the portion sizes were tremendous.  I would highly recommend this diner to anyone with a big appetite.  The only downside was it was a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for.  The pancakes were some of the best pancakes I have ever had.
5	Best breakfast around!! chicken fried steak is amazing
4	As part of a tip through Phoenix a few weeks a go ended up in Goodyear and stopped here for dinner (was toss up with the Waffle House next door). Well, did the Chicken Fried Steak dinner (my favorite dinner everywhere) and have to say my plate was overflowing with steak, gravy, and potatoes. the potatoes were only so/so and eggs weren't exactly correct BUT the steak and gravy were really great. Too bad I could not finish it or take it with me (kind of hard whilst staying in a hotel). Wife had a sandwich which too was too big to finish. Service was OK but the coffee was real bad. Still, giving it a 4; Mileage mat vary one star either way.
1	Went there this morning and our waitress was Kathy.  My husband ordered steak and eggs medium rare. Our order came and his steak was well done.  I noticed the girl at the other table had a long, thin steak and it was medium rare although she ordered well done. Both tables sent back the steaks (after our waitress confirmed our order as if we said it wrong) and moments later new steaks came out, only they were the same ones delivered to the correct tables, meaning my husband got the other girl's steak. As Kathy placed the steak down, she said the chefs cut into the side (over a 2 inch cut) to confirm the temp. My husband and I both looked at each other in shock!  This is a health code violation to place food on a table, then reserve it to someone else. Our waitress kept eyeing us because she knew we knew what she did and after she asked if anything was wrong, she argued that both steaks were in the window. We said we don't want it and she said I'll remake it. Needless to say, we are beyond shocked with the professionalism of our waitress and the level of service this place conducts. I would seriously think twice before going here ... You might get someone else's leftovers.
5	Ive eaten breakfast for years at Black Bear. For me its hands down the best breakfast joint in west valley. I believe they do also have lunch and dinner, never have made it over there for that.
3	Normally we are a fan of this establishment.  The service we received yesterday was not good.  Honestly the waitress was kind of a bitch.  She was pregnant but that is not an excuse when you are in the service industry.  The food was what we have come to expect from the Black Bear, but I did have to say something to the manager about the attitude of the server.
3	I have are here twice and both times the food was pretty good. They are extremely heavy handed on the salt though. The service is okay. The breakfast food in my opinion is over priced compared to other diners of the same quality.
4	Being an Arizona native, walking into Black Bear Diner the first time was a surprise.  Whoa.  Did I get transported to Redding, California or something?  It was like we stepped out of the concrete jungle of Goodyear and into a log cabin in the woods.  Hansel, get Gretel out of the oven!I've visited this location for the past five or six years and the food is always great whether you come for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  The portions are generous and the food is always brought to you hot.  The chicken fried steak is one of my favorites and the chicken pot pie is pretty solid too.  I haven't tried their tempting desserts since I'm always beyond-stuffed by the time I'm finished with my meal but they got a delicious maltshake.  Malts... so much better than regular milkshakes!Black Bear Diner is a cute rustic-looking eatery with friendly service and good food.  Come and give them a try!  I'd take BBD over Denny's and IHOP any day.
5	My favorite place to go for breakfast. Deli is and large portions so come with an empty belly. When I come I usually have to get a side of pancakes because they're they good. If you're trying to eat healthy or on a diet they have a low calorie menu too.
3	My husband and I had spent a good 10 hours moving into our new house and were starving. We came walking into this place looking like we had been up all night rolling in the dirt. They sat us in a room off to the left. Bad idea. When you walk into this place you look to the right and it looks like a lovely, clean restaurant. Then you look to the left and it looks like a dirty  crack den. Since we weren't looking that great ourselves I just figured this is where they seat the riff raff.  We were seated at a table that was within arms reach of all the brooms and mops. It was disgusting. We should have walked out then but we were just to tired and hungry. Kathy was our server and Wow what a gem she is (sarcasm). In a ruff biker bar off Route 66 she would probably fit right in but in a neighborhood dinner she just isn't a good fit. She acted pissed off and kind of rude. I ordered the California burger and my husband had the crispy chicken wrap. The one saving grace was that our food was delicious. It was hot, well cooked and generous portions. I will be back I'll just make sure I get seated to the dinning room towards the right next time.
4	I thought the food and service was great.  Large menu but prepared very well.  Will definitely be back
1	Yuk !  why did I ever go in that place, this was like a month ago...... I asked for OJ , we don't have any. My omelette came with Avocados , sorry no avocados... how a bout my wheat toast please? sorry , you want white ??  My Country Potatoes not cooked and half raw. My wife's hashbrown not cooked well . Wanted to get out of there , the waitress, it's like if we weren't there. She kept Yaking with her freind. Just a disaster.... i'm sorry, but no Black Bear for me ...ever !..
2	Honestly, this was a big disappointment. I have been eying this place for a long time and just finally decided to try it. In my opinion it was just a waste of money. I can say that the atmosphere is really cute, the food is hot and the service was good, but that's about it. My husband and I both got the burger baskets. The burgers were decent but nothing spectacular. They were juicy, but they lacked flavor and tasted just like a burger that anyone can make at home. The fries were pretty good though. The bacon on my husband's burger tasted sour like it was old. Maybe some of the other food is awesome, but for the high price I don't think I'll chance going back again.
2	This is the worst food I have ever had. Smelly Salmon, mushy broccoli, saw dust dry burger, rock hard ribs. Even the mashed potatoes were thick and dry. I understand this place's forte' is rock memorabilia, they should at least provide palatable food, not saw dust. They would be better off serving TV dinners. Stay away from this place. if you must go, then just have some appetizers and leave.
5	Best black bear restaurant out here.. Great food and service. I highly recommend it but just be prepared to wait some because it is always busy especially on weekends.
5	Yummy fresh, not canned homemade food. Big portion size plates, pot pies are delicious, homemade biscuits.  Would go here then IHOP or village inn
3	The service was a little off. I didn't find our host particularly friendly.  The food was okay. I ordered a bacon burger that was on par with something I'd get at Carls Jr., only for twice the price. I do like the cabin theme and Midwest diner vibe, but everything else was sub-par this visit.
1	Horrible... We went there a few months ago and the server was OK. The kitchen staff on the other hand was disgusting. I am sure no one wants to hear this but we ordered and our coffee cups were dirty, our utensils were dirty, and the food was late with hair in it. On top of that we did not order a side of green beans and they came soaked in a bowl of butter. I am sure any vegan would of got sick from that. 15 caliores for beans and they were soaked in 400 and freezing cold. Don't eat here. They gave my boyfriend his meal for free for the hair and made us pay for the rest, just a icky experience.
5	Great ambiance, great breakfast, this seems to be a chain restaurant and i'm assuming every location is amazing. the sweet cakes were delicious, the service was great, the chicken sausage was very very good, service was fast, they were very kind and a great experience. If you enjoy delicious plays on traditional american breakfast, you will love this restaurant and location!
3	I've eaten here five or six times now, and overall my experience has been that the dishes sound more interesting than they actually turn out to be. Maybe everything is under seasoned for my taste? The pancakes are okay but nothing special. The eggs and potatoes are fine. I've actually left bacon on my plate here - that NEVER happens! Yes, the portions are large, but I lose interest in the food before I'm full, to be honest. The staff is always friendly and attentive.
5	Great service and food. Large portions.  Clean and comfortable. This location is right off the 10 freeway.
5	Love this place! Amazing food and great service! Best fresh squeezed orange juice ever! Gets really busy on the weekend so get there early. We typically sit at the bar and the service is always great! Best Breakfast on the Westside!
5	I love this place and wish it was close to me. We go when we are leaving town on the way to California and have never been disappointed. Service is always friendly and skilled. The food is good old fashioned  comfort food. Highly recommend this place. Breakfasts are great and have all the biscuit and gravy options as well as traditional breakfast fare.
3	Food is absolutely amazing for a breakfast joint. Pancakes are one of the best I have ever had and the portion sizes are enormous! However, I can't get over how dirty this place is! The restroom was as clean as a construction port-a-John. There was food all over the seat, floor, and curtains. My plate had finger prints all over the rim of the plate. The menus are cool because they are like a newspaper, but not cool when it is being reused with someone else grubby had prints and food all over it. Will I be back? Maybe. The food was so good that I want to come back but having a hard time getting over the cleanliness... Maybe in a few months they will have a new manager; fingers crossed...
5	Great food and generous portions. This place is a must if you have guest visiting from out of town and you want to get some great breakfast food.  My old boss recommended this place and we are glad he did. It gets busy on Sundays. Way better than any IHOP or Waffle House. We left happy and full;)
4	We are from out of town and decided to try this place out. We have about a 15 minute wait which wasn't bad because we knew it was very busy. Once we sat down we ordered right away and within 10 minutes our food came out. The food was absolutely excellent and extremely filling. Other than our waitress not being the greatest, everything was very impressive. She didn't pay very close attention to our drink orders, so waters were without lemons, and all coffee was caffeinated when asked for decaf.
5	Where do I start ! It was my first time coming here , my boyfriend and daughter came in on a Sunday morning & there was about a 20-30 min wait , I've always heard good things about this restaurant so we decided to stay , thank goodness we did , writing this review just makes me hungry all over again ! I do need to stop buy and try dinner . For breakfast I got biscuits and gravy with bacon and it came with hash browns & I also got orange juice which was freshly squeezed (yum)
1	Have tried twice to have breakfast here and both times the wait was prohibitive.  Gave up both times and will not try again.  What can one do to eggs to make people want to wait on long lines to eat?Don't know if this place deserves four or five stars, but not having eaten there, I can only give a one star rating because when you're hungry you should be able to eat.
2	I ordered the chorizo scramble and got a side of hair in my food. Sent the good back and ordered something different. That was much better. Then when we received the bill they took off the chorizo scramble but had the nerve to still charge me for my meal. My family was already done eating by the time I got my meal. The least they could do was take my meal off. I told the waitress to take it off and she did but the problem is I had to tell her. Seriously?! I had hair in my food and she didn't even apologize. The customer service was horrible. The only reason I didn't give it a 1 is because there was nothing wrong with my families food. I don't think I will be coming back here.
4	Always good for coffee and breakfast.  First time having the breakfast burrito and was very satisfied.
4	Great food! Great service!!! Loved the atmosphere! Will definitely eat here again, farewell Waffle House!
5	First timer and let me tell you BOMB! :) I definitely traded TJ ' S Homestyle which is down the street. I loved it here.
