5	I have lived in Hong Kong and Singapore (two years each) and I still travel to Asia frequently.  I think the Great Wall is the most authentic and best tasting Chinese restaurant in Phoenix.  It is a popular place for wedding banquets among the Chinese community of PHX, and can get quite loud when one of those events is taking place.  As with most Chinese restaurants, the best meals are on the Chinese menu, not the English menu.  A freind who reads Chinese turned us on to the set meal #1 on the Chinese menu, which is what we order almost every time we go there now!  It is very reasonably priced and with a famly of 4 you will probably be taking some of it home.
4	The Great Wall was my first dim sum experience, making me what you might call a tableau rosa*.  Since I know nothing about dim sum, all I can do is share my overall general biased by my own narrow existence perception of the place.  So here it goes.  As usual, Mr. K has accurately described and captured the essence of this restaurant in his review, so there's that.  Read his review.  What I can add is this.  The food all tasted good to me.  The atmosphere was fun and lively.  The demo is certainly nothing like any place I've ever been to in Phoenix, so those who decry the lack of diversity in this town, perhaps you just need to expand your horizons to include Great Wall into your rotation. And I would go back.  I have to get on the HIGHWAY to drive here, so that is saying a lot.  For those of you who are directionally challenged, it's the first shopping plaza on the east side of 35th Avenue, just north of Camelback.    *It's been years and years and years since high school English.  For some reason I think this means "blank slate."  If not strike "tableau rosa" and insert "blank slate" above.
3	Consider this a 3+ or a 4- for me.Its in a very unappealing strip mall.Interior is sparse and ball-room / banquet hall like.Bathroom was very clean and nicely remodeled (Surprisingly nice).Initial service was slow.  10 minutes before we spoke with anyone.We were certainly among only a handful of non-chinese speakers and some of the employees tended to avoid us because of the language problem.Had only a few different Dim-Sum plates.  A few bun things that were ok (sparse filling).  A few egg rolls (Shrimp only and my dining partner doesn't like exoskeletal creatures).  Shumai were tasty.Then for a change we ordered Veggie Fried Rice.   This was definitely a 4+ on the Yelp scale.  Would I go again?  yes, probably maybe.Best to go with a group of 4+ for more options.
4	I've gone to Great Wall for years. But the best thing that impressed me lately? Going there for Dim Sum at 12PM on a Sunday with a party of 8. We were seated INSTANTLY despite the huge line outside. Why? My family has serious connections! It's like the Asian mafia of food. The Dim Sum dishes are good. Not too greasy. Baked Egg Custard Buns make me drool. Everything else is great too. They have a huge selection served in carts.The dinner menu is very good too. Live seafood. Lots of servings. Family style.If you come here, be sure to bring a big group. You will leave full and happy! As for the pricing, I can't comment on that. My Asian Mafioso mom usually fronts the bill.
4	After having eaten at Golden Buddha, China King, C-Fu, and China Chan, I have to say that Great Wall is probably the best place to get dimsum in the Valley.   China Chan comes a close second with better har gau and egg tarts.The Chinese New Year special dimsum - pig trotters with black moss - was delicious.  Apparently it's super labor intensive so is only offered for a limited time.  The shiu mai, steamed tripe and spare ribs were cooked and seasoned just right.  The taro puff had great taro flavor and tasty filling with only a hint of oil.The har gau skin unfortunately fell apart and the egg tart crust was not as flaky as China Chan's.  Overall, the flavors were good, fresh and a nice variety to choose from.
4	I've gone to the Great Wall twice in the past few weeks and both times were fun, crazy, and memorable. We went on Sunday within the 10am hour and we were sat almost immediately and were rolling our chopsticks within 10 minutes. If you're one for new experiences and can tolerate a little disorganization then you will be just fine. Don't expect to be catered to because this place can be a free for all once the crowds kick in (11:30am) . You gotta be quick with what you want and don't stand around asking the cart staff in-depth questions like What's that?, What's in that?, and is that spicy? Be quick, look, and nod because you are holding up the line for the rest of us! Because Me soo hungry!Don't be startled by the slowly moving cart with the 2 foot mound of noodles making its way through the eagerly awaiting crowd. Oh and yes, you will see Chicken Feet, lots of them. However, if you're not that adventurous then there are plenty of other treats to chose from. Just throw caution and pretense to the wind, dive in and enjoy! Unfortunately I am not able to make any specific reccommendations because I don't know how to spell or pronounce most of the items on the carts... Sorry!
5	best  Dim Sum in Phoenix, Arizona
4	I think when you have great company to go along with great food, those calories don't count. Right? Well, that's how I'm looking at things today because Great Wall not only made my tummy very happy, but I'm graciously looking forward to going back again soon to mack on their delish cuisine.Robert M and I met some of his coworkers there this morning at 10:30 and were treated to some of the best and most affordable dim sum in Phx. Like, San Francisco good and affordable. I won't pretend to know the names of much that we ate but I can tell you everything was mighty fine. And the four of us were stuffed by the time we stopped eating and for $14.07 a person. Somebody hit me!
4	Had a great Saturday brunch here.  The food is quite good  and they have all the regular dim sum fare as well as fish for the cantonese banquets. Portions are relatively large compared to other dim sum places, eg pineapple buns are 3 to a dish and large, similar to bakery size.  Chow mein is given on heaping 6 inch high mounds.  Har gow, siu mai are good.  The salt pepper squid looked good.  Sesame balls were excellent and had mung bean fillings.  Phoenix claws were also excellent.  Overall, this was a very good place to take family to.  Now, compared to California dim sum places this would only be an average place but because I don't have to drive six hours to California and the quality is good, I give this place 4 stars.  Prices are excellent and actually cheaper than many other dim sum places.  Excellent value and great portions will fill up any large family.
4	Xie has no clue what they are talking about. Great wall is a great place and is used by many chinese for weddings. I mostly go there with family and enjoy large meals (sorry dim sum people) we have always enjoyed the great food and good wait staff. the only problem i really have is.... the menu... the American menu is small, really look a the Chinese menu its huge and things most people will never know about try the shrimp and walnut in mayonase sause and the scalups and green beans with exo sauce (i'm probably spelling those sauces wrong)
4	Anytime I am in Phoenix to visit relatives...they take me here. It seems like its the best dim sum place they have in the scorching hot Phoenix. Dim sum is good..but not the greatest.
2	I must have gone on a bad day .....Shortly after walking in, we were seated but no one came to take our drink order for at least 10 minutes and then it was only because we said something to a waiter walking by.  The Dim Sum selection was very small and the quality just wasn't that good.  Who charges for refills on a fountain drink anymore?They did have a shrimp/crab egg roll that was real good!I think you will find me at C-Fu Gourmet from now on.
4	Ever since I started getting daily e-mails from my bureaucratic overlords reminding me of the impending layoffs, unpaid furloughs and "department consolidations" I have to look forward to, I've been cutting back on going out and actually enjoying myself. Mostly because they cut all my hours and I still need to find a way to pay my therapist.So for the last week or so it's (haha, proper use of the apostrophe, bitches) been ramen noodles, rice, ramen noodles, peanut butter, and ramen noodles. I've been trying to make the most of it. I look up ramen recipes on the internet. I make aesthetically pleasing bentos out of them. I even put pictures of my lunch on my livejournal, perhaps to maintain the illusion that I'm "challenging myself" rather than desperately clinging to the edge of poverty.Alas, no how I try to psyche myself, there is no pick me up for the buzz kill one experiences when eating 15 cent noodles in front of your computer when your stomach and smug sense of culture are screaming for something...more...Like dim sum. Like Great Wall's dim sum.This morning I was stewing another batch of "failure food" when the insane craving for dim sum hit me like homosexual tendencies striking a fundamentalist preacher giving a sermon on how G*d hates Rastafarians.On the outside, Great Wall looks like another two-bit strip mall attraction. You know, like all the stores next to it. But inside it's like the dining room of Hotel Awesome, where somewhat discontent-looking servers push around carts of delicious and deliver plates of FUCK YEAH to your table where you and your party can divvy them up/fight over them. Whatever fits your interpretation of Darwinism.To be honest I'm surprised more people don't fight over the food.For a mound of their delicious lo mein I would probably break a chair over someone's face. For a plate of their pork buns I would falcon punch someone in front of their kids.This may seem a little aggressive...but it can be a fucking battle royale in there.Especially when you don't have anyone in your party who speaks the language."Uh, yes, I'll take some of that, no, that, yes the thing with the shrimp in it. Oh, and some of that, too. No. To the right. Yes. Oh shit, where'd our ticket go?"I remember watching a Muppet Babies episode once where the children were eating gruel or something and they suggested trying to imagine it as something tastier.I tried that. It's a lot harder than it looks.You swirl those nickel-and-dime noodles around on your fork and you try to imagine crab puffs or plates of peppered shrimp or mango pudding.You try to imagine being surrounded by all your friends, plus some people you've just met, plus a whole restaurant of people speaking in their cafeteria voices (i.e. screaming at the top of their lungs).And then you open your eyes and take a bite.And you realize that you're alone in front of your computer screen with a mouth full of chopstick because in your daydreaming you drop your ramen all over yourself. Fuck.I would crash a mini-motorcycle into someone's groin right now for a plate of their lumpia or shrimp dumplings.Dammit.Does anyone need someone to paint their nails and take them out shopping? I can't keep living like this.
4	I've been to china town in california and in new york everyone. Great wall is still the best chinese that I've ever tasted! I actually give 5 stars for the food. But minusing one star because of service.Hey  but people who have usually been to china town or any authentic chinese restaurant should know that service is always going to be bad. They don't mean to be that way. That's just what they are used to. LOL So just go for the food. It's worth it.Oh and I will add, that the have the best dim sum in the valley.
4	I am by no means any expert on Dim Sum... in fact, my first experience was at Great Wall! I enjoyed it so much, though, that I went back the next time I was in town. They have a wide variety of dishes to choose from. And I must admit that it would be helpful to go with an experienced 'Dim-Sum-er' because some of the dishes can be intimidating!I don't eat any meat except fish, and they had plenty of delish options for me. The broccoli, noodle, tofu, and sesame balls are by far my favorites. They can get really crowded, as both times I was there (Saturday and Sunday), they were packed. Plenty of parking in the lot, though.The inside is massive and nicely decorated. I never made a trip to the restroom, but I did hear that they are very nice too. :-PEach time I've been there, all 4 of usl left completely stuffed, and we each spent about $12 for the food we shared.
4	This is as good as it gets for the Phoenix Valley, Brings authentic feel, with its service, design and especially food. Treat your self to Chinese food they way it should be prepared.  Menu is very large and has authentic dishes so bring a friend with knowledge.By service I mean you feel like your at a Chinese restaurant the staff is not there to make you feel like fine dinning. I mean they don't speak a lot of English and are fast to serve but fast to vanish.  Sat and Sunday treat your self to dim sum. This is "a touch of heart" eating a very traditional Chinese style eating.  Dishes are brought out in small quantities of delight.
3	I give Great Wall three stars because of the obnoxious service I tend to experience when I'm there. Some of the staff are super nice, some are are just plain rude. Otherwise, Great wall is about the only Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant that I could tolerate in Arizona. I'm an extremely picky eater and coming from San Diego, I must say that this restaurant didn't disappoint me. It's busy every time I'm there, what I like the most about it is the quality is consistent. The Dim Sum is mediocre, it seems as though they add too much MSG nowadays. My favorite entrees so far,- Shrimp fried rice- Roasted  duck- Orange Chicken- Walnut shrimp- Fried tofu
3	I'm disappointed to report that dinner last night was underwhelming. Maybe the time to go is for Dim Sum.Pros: *a huge dining space           *a huge menu           *a good selection of vegetarian options           *Pepsi products, including Mt. DewCons: *fish tanks with dead or dying seafood (isn't the point to keep     them alive?) I nearly squealed when I saw they had geoduck, which I have always wanted to try, but then was repulsed when I saw the glazed eyes of the red fish all around them in the same tank.            *too many servers for each customer. I think we had a different person bring us each item. Doesn't this add to the confusion when there is already a language barrier? There were several errors made (I was brought the wrong entree, they forgot our soup, etc.).I know we'll try Great Wall again, and here's hoping that someday, some restaurant can replace our beloved Big Wong. Maybe Great Wall will grow on us...
2	Meh.  Just meh.  OK - maybe Dim Sum is something special, but random Tuesday night menu fare is not so good.  We spent way too much money for awfully bland food.  I mean, it wasn't BAD, it just wasn't great.  I can say we won't be going back to order off the menu...  I may give it another try for Dim Sum.  Maybe.
5	My dad and I decided to try Great Wall because he had heard many reviews about the place and everyone insisted that you had to come try the Dim Sum.  Since I was in town visiting, it gave us the perfect excuse to go.I'm happy to report that the experience was most excellent at Great Wall and that it lived up to the hype.  Upon getting there, we were given a number to wait as the restaurant was completely full, there were probably 150+ people there dining, however, we were seated within 15 minutes.  As soon as we  sat down, the carts started rolling by with various plates of items to try.The pancake, shu mai, shrimp, duck, and sliced beef inside a wrapper are highly recommended, all were excellent.  I did have a bit of trouble taking the shrimp out of the steam container because their rice wrappers were sticking a bit, but that does happen.I would advise that if you have an allergy to shrimp that you make sure to ask the server what is in some of the items because they do come with shrimp, including their egg rolls.  Since my dad has a shrimp allergy we did have to watch for that.  I did want to try their egg rolls but I would have been the only one eating them, and they were big enough to make a meal in itself.The sliced duck was one of the best I have had at a restaurant, well cooked with crispy tasty skin, and not too many bones to get in the way, and very reasonably priced at $6.25 for a plate.  Most other Dim Sum plates are $2.25 or $3.15 so you can end up eating a lot for a very reasonable price.If you love Dim Sum and are willing to wait a few minutes for a table, but you will get fast service afterward, this really is the place you want to go to.  There are still so many more dishes to try as well, but that will be for another trip.
2	Well I went to try the wall and feel like I got hit with it. I did not go for the dim sum. Not a huge fan of dim sum. We went to have something on the regular menu. The restaurant is huge. It was busy the entire time we were there. Many of the patrons were Asian which in my opinion is always a very good sign when dinning in an oriental restaurant. The staff is friendly and very attentive. I think we had 5 different people serving us. I went to try the walnut shrimp with mayonnaise. Some call it crystal shrimp others mayonnaise shrimp. One of my fellow yelpers had mentioned it was her favorite here. So I had to try it out. Well it was ok, the walnuts were odd almost praline. The shrimp seemed on the verge of being undercooked and a couple of the shrimp were not cleaned well. That just stopped me in my tracks and I couldn't finish. I guess I have been spoiled by my beloved Gina (Big Wong) her walnut shrimp with mayonnaise was incredible! We also tried the fried rice and was not impressed here either it was very bland no flavor at all. They served a mountain of it but it just didn't have any taste to it. The egg rolls were crisp yet greasy, they were small and the inside was mush almost liquefied. My friend experienced the same problem with her dish under seasoned. It was a little like dinning in an Asian old folk's home; you know no salt everything bland, edible just not appetizing. : ) I really wanted to like this place. I will not be back.
4	Best dim sum in the valley.
5	My friend took me to Great Wall last night. I read few reviews on Yelp when I got there. Krestin B's review worried me a bit, but oh well, I was already there. Big place. We sat in the corner away from big party. (Asians could get loud sometimes when they are in group...) I noticed the fish tank in the back. Didn't go back there to take a close look, but they seemed to be all swimming ;pMy friend ordered BBQ Pork right away. Crispy and yummy. Little bit on the salty side. First lady that came to our table for drink did not speak any English. I wish I had paid more attention in Chinese class... Anyways, we ordered Sizzling mixed seafood, spicy eggplant, and hot and sour soup.  Right after we ordered, I saw a man grabbing fish from a tank. mmmm, live fish... Can't get any fresher than that. Soup came out first, of course. Very good. Just the right amount of spicy and lots of chunks (veggies) in it. Even though I wanted to eat the whole bowl, I only had 1 cup, so I can eat the rest to come. Here comes Eggplant. To be honest, I didn't know he had ordered it til it came out. Love the sauce. Eggplant was crisp on the outside, yet nice and mushy on the inside. Brown sauce was very tasty. When I had few bites of eggplant, Sizzling seafood plate came out. It was sizzling ;p Seafood with white sauce. Again, sauce was excellent. Squid was little over cooked. Very tough and chewy. Broccoli and snow peas weren't over-cooked so it was crunchy. I liked the sauce so much I took leftover sauce home with rice... After we were done stuffing ourselves, check and fortune cookie came out. My friend asked for a orange instead. I was told by my friend that if you're not an asian, you don't get oranges. They said it was too sour for American taste buds. We got them anyway ;pI can see why Krestin B said it was blend. It was flavored towards Asian taste. The real Asian food is not supposed to be very seasoned. You go to Panda express and they salt the crap out of your food, that's called Americanized. Asian foods are very mild in flavor. I hate to serve something and they drench in soy sauce. Anyways, don't forget to ask for oranges if they don't give it to you.
4	Great dim sum with all the classic favorites from ha gua to duck feet.  The place is huge so the wait isn't bad.  The servers are also really nice which is hard to come by.  For Chinese restaruants, they usually have good food and bad service or bad food and good service.  Great Wall has both.
4	What a treat to have such good dim sum.  The variety is great, the food is tasty and reasonable in price.  We were in Hong Kong last year and they have stopped serving from carts.  It's nice to see that the tradition has not been lost in the US.  Stand out items would include any of the dumplings.  I would avoid the congee though.  Usually restaurant congee is fantastic, this was the same as you can make at home.I'm normally a taco shop only kind of guy when I go home to Arizona, but I would definitely spend some calories here.
5	I've been to both the evening, regular service, and the mid-day dim sum.  Visited 3 times in total and was never disappointed!  The food is excellent, quality Chinese food and not just decent fast-food-esque Chinese.  Dim sum is also very cheap -for $20, 3 of us had plenty to eat and even took home leftovers.The only possible downsides are that the dim sum is not a place for vegetarians.  Also, an Asian friend of mine was a little bothered that all the servers directed their questions to her and kind of ignored me and another white girl.  I blew it off because that was par for the course in Japan and I'm used to it.  It's not worth fussing about when the food is so good. :)
5	Great Dim Sum!! It's very popular and my wife and I find it THE PLACE to be after early church on Sunday. There are so many dishes that it's hard to find a favorite. The do serve noodles and rice is a rarity, if at all. We come every Sunday. Great food!! Try the chrysanthemum tea which is next to impossible to find anywhere else.  You have to ask for it though or else you'll get the standard jasmine tea.  Otherwise just sit back and enjoy
3	We came here on a Sunday morning on recommendation from the waitresses at Asian Hong Kong restaurant. This place was a ZOO!! I'm used to seeing big crowds outside of dim sum restaurants but this place was SO unorganized and chaotic. There were 4 of us and we agreed to share a big table with another group of 4 to cut down on the wait time. After being seated for over 20 minutes and not one waiter coming by to take our tea order, my mom had to chase on down near the back of the restaurant.The tea was too strong but most of the food was good. The haw gow (steamed shrimp dumplings), spare ribs with black bean sauce, jook (rice porridge), nor mi gai (ti leaf wrapped rice with chicken), and taro crisps were all good. The disappoints came from the sweet sesame balls and don tot (egg custard tarts) which we had to chase down a waiter again to procure.Overall, I'd say give this place a try but perhaps during the week to avoid this chaos.
2	I decided to grab dim sum after I watched Bizarre on the food channel and Andrew was in China eating all these delicious Chinese dim sim. Typically, I go to Golden Buddha in the Chinese Cultural center, but I was recommended that Great Wall has better dim sum. Please keep in mind that I admit, I went during the end of the rush (1:00pm) on a Sunday so I had appropriate expectations. However, there was only 2 carts going around trying to sell their leftovers from the rush and was really disappointed. We ordered the chicken feet, pork bun, hak-kwah, bok choy and it was just okay. In fact, I would have to say it was quite bland and the sauce on some of the dishes were salty and tasteless. The chicken feet I usually get is cut into pieces and not battered but the way they served it at the Great Wall, compromised my gag reflex. I am not one to be shy of eating different parts of animals, in fact ox tail is one of my favorite meat but my stomach could not handle their chicken feet. I would assume we would have received better service and tastier food if we had gotten there a little earlier but I think I am going to stick with my usual place. Flagging the carts down continuously was a little more stressful than what I want when eating dim sum.
4	I might be bias but it's only coz my family and I have been regulars at the Chinese dim sum joint since the late 90s. At one time it was Great Wall vs C-Fu in Chandler and now with the emergence of more Asian power centres, as well as an influx of Asians into the city, there are more dim sum places like Phoenix Palace by Lee Lee, Golden Buddha in the Cofco Center, China King in Chandler, and China Chan up north. This place in my opinion is pretty good, and cheap. You just have to know when to go. The best time is at 11 on Sunday. Anytime after that expect a long wait, and before that (dim sum begins at 10a) it's ok but all the good stuff and most popular items and specials come out at around 11:30 in time for the rush. If you come in after 1. Expect alot of popular stuff gone =( . I'm partial to this place because my family has developed a good relationship with the servers at this place. We're not the typical dim sum diners since we also order certain items from the menu in addition to dim sum. I like their beef chow fun w/o gravy or the seafood chow fun with gravy but no fish. The salt and pepper squid is decent, and totally not a fan of the Chinese Brocolli with oyster sauce on the carts so we order the Chinese Brocolli with garlic sauce, much better and way yum! We also order a la carte so we can get rice with our meal because rice with your dim sum makes it better. Oh, and if you order roast pork, order it off the menu and not on the cart, it's a better cut and less fatty. And that calamari on the cart is not the same as the salt and pepper squid. So when I'm craving some shu mai, char siu pao, bbq pork buns, steamed bean curd, and sugar cake, i head over to Great Wall for sunday brunch... and love the endless refills of jasmine tea! see ya at Great Wall!
3	Maybe it's a medical student thing, but I've been hearing about dim sum at Great Wall since shortly after I started school here in AZ.  This was my first experience with it and, after all I heard, I wasn't unimpressed.  When you show up somewhere on an off night and there's still a wait of around 20 minutes, you know that something delicious is inside.From the moment my group and I were seated at one of the huge round tables inside, foodstuffs of all sorts kept appearing on our table.  I have almost no recollection of the various things my palate was treated to during the course of that meal, but I know I enjoyed pretty much everything on the carts that we pointed to and said "I'll try that".So why only 3 stars?  The biggest reason was simply that I felt it wasn't worth what was paid for it.  There were 5 people at our table, true, but I still remember looking at the bill and wondering just how expensive each of those little tins were.  On top of that, nothing stood out as at all noteworthy.  Nothing was bad, but nothing was strikingly good either.  It was a big filling meal of better-than-generic asian cuisine.Worth going to again, but I'm not running.
4	I'm surprised to see this got only 30-something reviews.  Well at any rate, this is probably the best Chinese spot in Phoenix as many people flock over here from all over the Valley.  This place has been open for many, many years!Both Dinner and Dim Sum time gets super busy.  So as a fellow Asian, I recommend.
5	THE dim sum place of the West side.  Also where most (especially traditional) Asians will hold their wedding or celebratory banquets, due to size and well liked food.
4	Oh how I love Dim Sum!  If you feel the same I would recommend you folks attend Great Wall.   It's hard to find good Dim Sum around the valley, but I believe Great Wall is definitely one of those gem of a place we should appreciate for Dim Sum.  Decor is your typical large Chinese restaurant look - red, gleamy gold and x-mas lights here and there.  Don't forget the fish tank too; no! it's not a decoration, you pick a fish and they cook it!  You know a good Chinese restaurant for Dim Sum when you go and you feel like you're in Chinatown - Enjoy!
4	I have enjoyed the restaurant for many years. It has been consistent. Dim Sum is delicious and dinner is great. But I'm from southern California. So comparison can be deadly.The authenticity is definitely much better than Golden Buddha in quality by a thousand miles. The service is much better than C-Fu, and there is no service charge. There are no surprises and I like it. I have a few dinner gatherings here and I hear no complaint but the desire to return.It can get busy during dim sum time, like weekends. I have seen small crowd still waiting by 1 PM. We've waited for 10 min at 11 AM recently.I always try Har Gaw skin/rice crepe, chicken feet, and egg tart crust to determine the chef's expertise. They pass.Diner enjoy... a little of dimth and sum more... and they offer coconut pudding. Yummy.
5	My husband and I have eaten at great dim sum restaurants in San Fran and even great chinese eateries around the country but Great Wall is definitely a place that should not be looked over in the greater Phoenix area. The place it ALWAYS jam packed for dim sum on the weekends so don't be surprised if you have to wait a while for a table, but well worth the wait for sure. Last night we decided to try their regular menu and we were not at all disappointed! We actually have the dinner for 2: 1 egg roll and crab puff per person, wonton soup (a HUGE bowl with the best wontons i've ever had!), sweet and sour pork, chicken chow mein (again my husband and I both agreed this was the best chow mein we had ever eaten) and Fried Rice. It was BEYOND enough food for 2 people and was $9/person :) Everything that came out of the kitchen looked delicious...it won't be the last time with go there for dinner....though we LOVE the dim sum too:)
5	Let me start off by saying that "Oriental" does not pertain to people so, unless you want to get punched in the face, I suggest you refrain from using that word. Secondly, if you plan on visiting an authentic Chinese restaurant, expect them to speak very little English. It's no different than if you were to visit a Mexican restaurant and most everyone can only speak Spanish; it's a given.With that said, the food here is the best it can get in the Metro Phoenix area for the price. I've been to other dim sum places in Chandler and they never compare to Great Wall. We go here at least once a week to get our shu mai fix and we make sure to bring friends along. Today, there were eight of us and we spent $40 (that's $5 per person for the mathematically challenged). Make sure to order a few shu mai (shrimp/pork dumpling), har gao (shrimp dumpling) and rice cake before they get snagged by other hungry patrons. They also have the best custard buns around.
5	Came here for dinner on a weeknight. My brother in law just returned from a trip to China, and said that the food here was very reminiscent of the food served in China. Everyone was stuffed, it was so delicious! Thanks yelp, for leading us to another great find!
5	1. Get there by 10am on Sundays!2. Seaweed Salad is awesome!3. Order the oolong tea with the meal, your tummy will thank you.4. Shrimp dumplings, roasted pork, congee, bbq sweet buns, the shrimp and leek rolls ...all awesome5. Feeling adventurous...chicken feet, tripe, warm tofu with sugar syrup..
3	Very tasty, authentic dim sum restaurantKinda like tapas with small dishesSteam push carts are wheeled around the restaurantYou point to what you like to have placed on ur tableBad, old decor. Was afraid to go ladies room but was clean.Even worse customer service, almost nonexistentThe steam push cart ladies were nice but no English or ChineseApparantly some are other ethnicityIf on budget, to feel full those little dishes add up. Visited with family of 8 towards end of a busy wkend brunch We are seriously easy to serve pplWe were constantly looking around the huge dining rm for service.We had to ask several times to different ppl for tea refills, condiments.So frustrating I was losing my temper on a nice brunch w family..If you really dont mind, super bad service, then the food is good.
2	Well lets just say I'm not impressed and I will go back one more time to try dim sum, but so far this place has pretty average food and mostly tastes like it comes out of a mix. The dinning room is large and utilitarian but not very fancy but that don't make food good either LOL. Portions are small and the rice is inedible and not very tasty.  Service was poor and infrequent. All in all I do not recommend this place
4	1st visit to Great Wall - a friend who owned a restaurant in Shenzhen took me there - he's fluent in the language; i'm not.  He did the ordering, all I remember is the clams w/black bean sauce was great.Next 10 visits to Great Wall - all for dim sum.  Agreed need to get there before 11:30 on Saturdays and 10AM on Sundays.  But don't go too late; food isn't as good as the morning.  Always need my "stretchy" pants (really don't own stretchy pants).  I always have to eat with a rice bowl; that's how I grew up in our family.  All the dumplings are fantastic, chicken feet is good, BBQ pork buns are great, egg custard, chinese vegetable all great, eggplant with shrimp (be sure it's hot) same with green pepper with shrimp.  Wow, need to go back soon!!!
3	I think I have a discerning taste for dimsum being Asian and all so it's hard to find a really good dimsum place in Phoenix.  A friend recommended this place and it's pretty decent.  I can't say it's the best I ever had but I'd say pretty decent for Phoenix standards.  The only place I have to compare this place to though is the Golden Buddah @ the Chinese Cultural Center and I'd say Great Wall is definitely better.  We got there at 10am and were seated immediately.  However, they didn't have all the selections out until close to when we left, around 10:45.  It was disappointing but the foods we did have were good.
4	Got there at 11am on a Sunday, it was packed to the gills. WOW! I should have listened to Michele M. We ordered shrimp dumplings, roasted pork, bbq steamed buns, turnip cakes, shrimp egg rolls, chicken feet, spare ribs, steam sticky rice with meats, fried tofu, egg tarts, etc... Everything was good. This is the best dim sum you can get in Phoenix.
4	A very good place to go for dimsum.
4	I think the dim sum was pretty good but their service was alright.  for some reason they seemed pissed off when they were pushing the dim sum cart.....
4	I came here for dim sum on a Thursday at around 1 pm just recently.  Thursdays are not typical days for dim sum and 1 pm is pretty late to start dim sum, so I figured it would not be too busy.  However, I was wrong.  There were a good amount of people either finishing up their meals or coming into have a late lunch.  A good sign, I thought, given the location of this place.  It is located in a small run down strip mall in Phoenix, somewhat "out of the way."  I didn't see much else around besides the strip mall and a Fresh and Easy. The dim sum was comprable to China King's.   But I think I have a slight preference for China King's dim sum and China King is slightly less expensive in comparison.  Definitely better in quality and freshness compared to Golden Buddha.I cannot say anything about any of their non dim sum dishes, but they seem to be quite popular for a particular clam dish in a dark brown (perhaps oyster) sauce.  Looking around, many of the diners had ordered this dish and were thoroughly enjoying it.  Maybe an option for my next visit.  All in all, I will say this is one of the best places for dim sum in AZ that I have visited so far, along with China King.
3	Went for dim sum and enjoyed it immensely.  The worst thing about it was the wait staff wasn't very attentive and didn't do much except refill the cups when they noticed they were low (which wasn't very often).  The dim sum was plentiful and there was a lot of variety - however, unless you watch for the carts that just came out of the kitchen and only order off that one there's a good chance you'll get lukewarm or cold food.  I couldn't eat the ice cold duck and ended up taking it home and microwaving it later.  If they would just work on the heat issue and the wait staff, I think they have a shot with the city slickers.  ;)
4	I'm back. I met up with a good friend there for Dim Sum lunch on Monday.I'm still impressed with the simple pleasure in life. It's still better than Golden Buddha and C-Fu Gourmet. The clients were still mostly Asians. Thank Buddha. The price was still higher than those in southern CA, $2.39 for a small dish.So diners, it's still the best choice of dim sum for me in Arizona.
4	This place is old school.  i.e. you don't come here for the service, or the ambiance (especially since it's in a scary part of town).  You come for the food.  Come with a group of friends, whether for dim sum or a late night dinner.  You need a group of people, I hate coming here when its just mean and three others.  I like to taste and sample lots of goodies.  They have great live seafood (a must in my book) where you can walk by and see what looks good that day.  Be brave and check it out!
2	This must be a dim sum hot spot because we had to wait 20 minutes or more for a table.  I was weary after stepping in to this dingy place but the crowds of Asians reassured me that it must be ok.The carts were few and far between. I wasn't impressed. Maybe I was so hungry and crabby by the time we got seated.  Who knows? Nothing stood out as great or horrible.  So, take your chances and try their dim sums.
4	Not the best dim sum in the world but pretty good and reasonably priced ($7 per person for 4 with hungry eaters at lunch). If you go at "awkward" times they sometimes will only be able to serve steamed items but the myriad choices are fun to share for picky eaters and the adventurous alike. Love the chicken feet and some sort of shrimp dumplings!
4	I've been eating here for so many years that I have lived in AZ. It's the spot to go to when I feel like having some dim sum and chinese food, also since the place is 5 minutes from my home ^_^. The waiters there are also very nice and funny. I have been to other dim sum places in AZ, and I still feel this is the best in AZ. They have the best chicken feet, which is very soft.  Must also try their ba'nh uot w/shrimp. There are weekend where dim sum can be very busy, so gotta come early and take a number if you don't want to wait long. As for the chinese dishes, I recommend the pepper steak, the meat is very tender and chewy. Their shrimps with cashew are also very good.
3	Great Wall is the only place to have dim sum in Phoenix now. We've been coming to Great Wall for dim sum since I was a wee lil girl. Back then, there was another place to go to which I favored more, but is now closed. The food here is decent, but definitely not the best. I'm not sure if its because I've been spoiled by Vegas' dim sum, but everything just didn't have flavor. I think the best way to go is to order take out, that way you don't have to wait for a cart to pass you by just to find out that they don't have the turnip cake you were looking for or the sesame balls. We ordered to go this time since it was easier for everyone to just eat at my Grandma's. It was ready by the time we got there. Overall, the food is ok, but I guess for the only dim sum joint in Phoenix, it's pretty dang great.
4	I had an old review. I'm gonna update the dim sum section.I met up with a friend for dim sum after 2 PM on Sunday. There were still enough selections to make us happy.Chicken feet, shrimp dumpling, pork dumpling, baked BBQ buns, Shrimp rice crepe, and egg tarts still tasted good.The price was still reasonably ($2.19 for small now) by today's standard in major cities... $12 total each double occupancy. Usually it's $17 each double occupancy.
4	Best advice I can give you about Great Wall is to BYOA. Yep.I said it. Bring your own Asian. Thankfully our group of 10 had two. It was critical in navigating the ENORMOUS amounts of food and certainly critical in deciding which things the gringos could handle.Thumbs up to postickers, egg rolls, chow mein noodles, shui mai and other various dumplings. And a big phew for a tutorial on how to eat fresh shrimp. "Peel off the shell, suck out the brains and then eat the rest."Yep. This is where I swig down a cold Tsing TaoAnd the chickens feet. Oh for the love. The freakin' chicken feet. "Just suck off the skin and throw the foot back on the plate."Yep.BYOA! I'm telling ya.I had a BLAST. Carts were everywhere. Service was friendly and swift. Ten of us ate and ate and ate for $200 including tip. Oh. Also one of my Asian American diners informed me that the one man pushing the "porridge" cart only stops at the white people tables because the "porridge" is absolutely frightening to see. Sure enough. He stopped by our tables and scooted quickly by those tables full of Asians. I love a place with a sense of humor. Great food. Great fun. Great Wall.
4	Dim Sum in Phoenix is like asking for rain in the desert.  It's few and far between, and you settle for finding water rather than asking for rain.  As far as dim sum goes, Great Wall is one of the best you'll find in Phoenix; it ain't the rain, but it's good water.  They have a line-up if you're not there early (a good sign), serve all the basic dim sum dishes using the traditional cart service.  Not the best dim sum I've ever had - but then, I've had dim sum worldwide - but certainly good considering this is the desert.  Within Phoenix I'd give it a 5 star, but my rating system is based on what I've tried worldwide in my many travels - so only 4 stars.  If you're in Phoenix and looking for Dim Sum, this is one of the few good watering holes around that can satisfy that thirst.
1	The worse service.
4	My first dim sum experience.Ahhhhh.Can I just say I was intimidated by the massive amount of cars in the parking lot? Jiminy Christmas!Luckily, the wait wasn't too long before entering the dim sum paradise.The staff was friendly. Not too good at describing what the food was like, but there's the adventuresome part for ya. Some standouts: the sesame pastries with the red bean paste and the coconut filling; the pork shui mai, the calamari, and the broccoli.My most adventurous try? The jellyfish salad. Not gross, but not something I'm inclined to try again.Yum yum!I will be back...
2	-Soooooper oily, straight inedible softshell crab-cold, dry roast pork-cold, soggy skin roast chicken-oily pan fried noodles-cold chinese broccoliSaving graces were the rice noodle, which is hard to fuck up, the kongee, and the coconut breadwon't be back
4	Solid, solid, solid Chinese! Period. If you are looking for authentic or close to--low and behold, the Great Wall! If you don't believe me, come here on the Weekends between 10am and 12pm.  The sheer number of folks trying to find seats and the hustling and bustling from the staff would easily overwhelm your craving thoughts!Dim Sum is the alternative to the usual brunch of waffles and hash browns.  Why have a sausage link when you can suck on chicken feet? Don't worry, not everything is that exotic.  Most items they carry are very feasible and safe.Dinner is also another epic adventure in itself! The menu is very extensive and could take you a couple of hours to finally decide on something.  Or you can make it easier for your party by asking for the family menu that contains a set of items they recommend.  This route is typically cheaper and feed more if you have a large group.  If you are adventurous, ask for the family menu that is Chinese! Can't read, server can help translate.Seafood is always fresh as they have live tanks in the restaurant.  Service is usually quick.  It always amazes me how fast I get my food sometimes!I used to come here a lot for wedding receptions and other festivities.  Do not be surprised if you arrive and half the dining space is occupied.I would come here over those buffets any day of the week.  I would recommend dining with a large group to not only help with the cost but be able to chow on more dishes.
3	DIM SUM!!!!!!! Some days are phenomenal; other days are just mediocre, but the former is what keeps me going back. I started to write out all the things that I would recommend, but I really don't know the English terms. Just eat all the dumplings and you're golden! Oh, and don't forget the "gai mai bao", the golden coconut filled buns that are elongated in shape. You WILL see someone you know here -- if you befriend anyone in the Asian community, that is.My family comes here regularly for the dinner options as well, but it's pretty average and becomes quite irritating if there's a karaoke wedding reception going on. Consider volume control before 8pm guys!
5	From pork dumplings, fried eggplant, duck, softshell crab! What a variety. Took a while for the carts to roll our way but the place was packed on a Saturday at 11:30 and a line when we left. Authentic Dim Sum - you wont get a lot of help or translation so know what your in for aand have fun. The duck was the only dissapointment- had to hunt for the meat. The second cart coming around looked better- so hit or miss on that Im sure. They are open 11 - 11 and 1am Saturday.
5	I thought this place would be Great when I pulled up and there were a ton of people outside on Sunday morning 11ish! Upon going inside I saw that 95% of the patrons were Chinese. To me, that was an even better sign. Then the food started coming and coming and coming..... 9 dishes later, the two of us were fat and HAPPY! The food was great and all the servers that came by our table had warm, personable attitudes. Oh yeah, we will be going back!
3	Dim sum in phoenix.  What can you really complain about?  Average everytime.  It is obviously not going to match the quality that you will get from chinatown in SF.  Shrimp dumplings, shiu mai, and bbq pork buns are typical dim sum food.  Get those and you cant really go wrong unless you feel adventurous.  Then try any since many are good too depending on the person's taste.
3	Great Wall is all about seating. I have been there, gotten a great table and been visited by the dim sum carts promptly and frequently. I have also been seated at the large round tables on the front wall of the restaurant and watched for more than 30 minutes as dim sum carts paraded through the rest of the space and never once breezed by our table. And when you are finally starving to death and watching a party of 6 who literally just sat down start ordering off a cart, don't think you can walk over and try to carry anything away, because the servers will not have it. You will return to your table hungry and sad, wishing you had driven to Chandler for the cornucopia of dim sum carts that is Phoenix Palace Buffet.The food is fine, the service is below average, but if you see them leading you to a front wall table, just run.
4	Just as many other locals have said, this is one of the best if not the best in the valley for Dim Sum. Having had Dim Sum in many major cities, I don't want to compare them with this place since it simply isn't fair. This is as authentic as you can get in Phoenix. Judging by how packed this place gets, I would say many people agree. Basic rule of thumb is that if there is a crowd of Asian people waiting outside in the heat to get a table, chances are the place is good and pretty darn authentic. Fyi, be prepared to wait and listen carefully for your ticket number.I can't begin to describe the dishes as I don't know how to translate them exactly. Dim sum is as much as an experience as it is the food, especially for people new to it. If you're adventurous, just pick whatever looks good to you. If you're more risk-averse, hopefully you know a dim sum chaperon to serve as your culinary sherpa. In case that you don't have a guide, then just stick to anything that looks like a dumpling or bun for starters. Eventually, the deliciousness will drive out the fear of the unknown and you'll be more willing to try other dishes.Whenever I'm jonesin' for some dim sum in Phoenix, this is the place.
5	Great dim sun, fast and friendly service.
4	The food was ten star. The service was so bad I would have felt justified in not leaving a tip. I'm not sure why it was so bad, maybe because we were the only non Asian people in the place. There are not words for how poor the service was, but so so yummy. I will most likely go back.we have since gone back for dim sum. The food was tasty still though a bit heavy on the shell fish options. The service was miles above the previous time, which is why the stars went up.
4	I was having work done on my car at Japanese Automotive, and Don over there recommended the Great Wall for lunch. It wasn't very busy, and we actually didn't even see the restaurant at first. We were finally able to spot it, so we parked and went in. On our way up to the front door, my stepdad noticed that there were no windows, just a great wall ;)Now, it doesn't exactly look like much, but we had excellent service and the food was very good. We all had iced tea, and I think they were over giving us refills before we could even realize we needed any more. It also looked like they did some fun stuff during busier times, and seemed like it could be more than just a restaurant. I'm sure the regular customers have a great time if anything special and fun happens :)Also, while the main area of the restaurant looked pretty standard, I was pleasantly surprised when I went to the restroom. I wasn't expecting such a nice restroom there! They must have recently remodeled at least the men's restroom, as I cannot speak about what the women's restroom looks like. :POverall, we had a nice lunch and a great experience there. The price was also very good!
3	Finally made it out to Great Wall for dim sum. I've been hearing so much about this place but I am hardly ever in this area so it was sitting in my "to try" list for quite some time. Walking in, I thought, this is gonna be legit. The place was packed to the rim with asian people waiting to get their dim sum on. The decor and vibe reminded me a lot of dim sum restaurants in LA's chinatown circa 1990's (ABC seafood to be exact). We didn't have to wait long before we were seated. We tried their sui mai, shrimp rice noodle, deep fried shrimp and chives wrapped in bean curd, and honestly I forgot the rest because it was all nothing memorable and I usually have a great memory. The chives and shrimp bean curd roll was probably my favorite of the bunch but I'm a sucker for any dumpling, cake, roll with chives :) It was something I haven't seen at other dim sum restaurants before so I enjoyed that.In summary, it was okay. It satisfied my dim sum craving but... would I come back? Probably not. I live in Chandler and I find my two go-to dim sum spots there (Phoenix Palace & China King) much tastier. && I only have to drive 5 minutes to get there. Actually, if I lived near Great Wall, I'd probably make the drive to Phoenix Palace. Yep.. I think it's that much better!
4	Good real Chinese food.
2	Food was good, especially for my very first time being here. Theme seemed very authentic chinese, even though I never had authentic chinese food. Price was moderate, but service could use some work.
3	I went on a weekday a little before lunch time for some dim sum.  The place had maybe 8 tables occupied.  We were seated quickly.  There were more dim sum carts than there were workers.  Since I didn't know the name of some of the items of I wanted, I ended up using my iphone to show the waiters a picture of the food.  A lot of the dim sum items were packed with meat, which ended up being too overwhelming for me.  The sticky rice seemed bland.  The daikon cubes were flavorless.  My favorite item would have to be the tripe.  I've had better luck at asian supermarkets that sold fast food dim sum.  Does AZ have anything like that?
4	Make sure you go early on the weekends, or be prepared to wait if you have a large group!  This place is very busy, but it is a large dining room and you should be seated fairly quickly if you are 2 or 4 people. The weekdays are less busy, but they don't always have that large of a selection. A nice variety of dim sum and they also have good bbq meats. Having grown up in Vancouver and SF, it is tough to get 5 star dim sum in AZ, but this place is good and they have the authentic girls going around with the carts.  I would recommend it if you are a dim sum fan visiting the PHX area, or craving dim sum and do not want to drive far. The place could use a facelift as it seems a bit dirty inside and the bathrooms are not that clean. This place was the only place I knew in PHX when I moved here that had dim sum, but now there seems to be plenty of others to try.
4	Why would you name a restaurant after a thing designed to keep people out? Just like china this place is huge inside, and even has tanks of live fish.The menu is huge, and this is just the menu for the gringos. If you know Chinese there is a whole menu of family meals that you can order from. There are many vegetarian dishes not just the usual tofu and veggies, they have a large selection of exotic mushroom and veggie dishes.I had the golden mushrooms with tofu $7.99 a house specialty. Mitake mushrooms a light brown sauce and huge pillow of soft fried tofu. It was nice ans somewhat lightWe also had the black mushrooms with Chinese greens. $9.99 This dish had a very earthy taste and the greens were very fresh but hard to eat with chopsticks.Another great dish was the veggie hotpot that had some really interesting textures along with the noodles and veggies. Service was a bit lack luster, but maybe that was due to the wedding in the other side. The shopping center it is in is a bit run down too so you are assured you are paying for quality food and not the building. Bottom line great selection good flavors good value mediocre service.
5	I was fortunate to have a good friend take me to this little gem of a place last Sunday.  When we arrived around 12 the place was packed with a decently long wait.  This didn't realy bother me because it likely meant that the place was legit.  I never see a chinese restaurant with a wait.  Also large asian population of patrons which is also a good sign.  This was only the second time I had experienced dim sum.  It was an awesome experience and everything I had was soooo good, even though most of what I put into my mouth I had no idea what I was eating.  Didn't care.  This place is fantastic and I can't wait to come back and try more things or even their takeout menu.  Most authentic chinese food I've found in AZ thus far.
5	I love this place a lot!! even though I have to come early to try to get the table. The first time I was here was the Chinese New Year weekend and we had to wait for an hour for the table. However the food were so good until we forgot how long we have to wait for table.Since then I came early around 11am to my favorite dishes. Some times we got lots of plates on our table but we still wanted more. Enjoy the food so much and I could not believe that the price is quite good too (not break my bank).
4	The fried crunchy fish was SO GOOD, along with the fried tofu w/ the soy sauce. I couldn't stop eating the fish no joke. It is just that good. I can't eat shell fish so this place would be perfect for lobster and crab lovers because it is one of their main dish! I usually come here for dim sum too! The ladies that push the cart are really attentive. The price is just right! I came here the day after thanksgiving with a party of 12? The bill came out to be less than 80 dollars during dim sum hours. MUST TRY THIS PLACE. However, the one thing I don't like is, they don't ever bring enough water for everyone at the table and that they don't give us the yummy saute oil spicy peppers. We always go up and get it ourselves.
4	Who knew in midst all of the Mexican restaurants, you'd find a diamond in the rough for Chinese food.  Arizona doesn't have many Chinese restaurants to begin with, however this place rivals the places in CA.  It's not the place for ambience or mood, but the food is the most important for the Chinese and this place is great for dinner or dim sum.   Notes for ordering dishes:I loved the garlic pea sprouts/shoots.  Not all Chinese restaurants this vegetable, but this place makes have it fresh and crunchy and just enough garlic flavor to give it that extra pizzazz.  What I noticed is that this place serves unique fried noodles.  Perfect for vegetarians, this place actually cooked crispy fried noodles unlike most other Chinese restaurant that just comes out with soggy noodles.  Another dish I recommend is their spiced salt tofu. (jiao yan tofu).  Well anything with the spiced salt (jiao yan).  They deep fry the small pieces of tofu or whatever other "jiao yan" producing a crunchy crust and mix it with a salty seasoning and jalapenos.  Great for an appetizer!  My family and I also had their steamed whole fish.  Light flavor and prepared beautifully with the entire moist fish out on the table.  Just the sauce and rice alone tastes just as good.  Be sure to try their walnut shrimp.  Be sure you have a big mouth to fit one of these jumbo shrimp in one bite.  The sauce covering the shrimp has just the right amount of tanginess and sweetness that I'm looking for without being too thick.  And the sweet crunchy walnut complements the dish as well.Ordering the right dishes can make or break your experiences.  For this restaurant, be sure to pick seafood, their specialty.  They have live fish, crabs, etc in clear tanks so you can pick out your dinner victim.  And of course pick fried anything, especially with their spiced salt (jiao yan).Notes for dim sum:Great Wall actually has a unique set of dim sum choices that you can't find anywhere in the valley (at least the Chinese dim sum places I've been to).  Although it's a bit more expensive than the other places in the valley I've been to, but it does taste better overall.  Even the basic dim sum dishes like shrimp dumplings, shumai, and chicken feet simply taste better and I would even say taste better than some CA restaurant.  Who'd thought?  Because the dishes are small, you can try many of them and of course I would go for the fried stuff.  :-) However be careful.  Keep your eye out for the moving carts, if what you want has been sitting there for a while, wait for a new batch.  Cold Chinese food just doesn't taste as well.  Only the tin dishes that are covered are fine, because their still hot after the servers make their rounds.  Go on the weekend for a wider selection and be prepared to have a wait.  But the wait isn't that bad compared to some places I've been to in CA.  Great to go with a medium sized party so you can taste more variety, but not have to wait a long time for a table.Overall, this is a great place to get great Chinese food if you live in the valley and don't want to make a 6hr journey to LA just for good Chinese food (which I have done before).
3	Great Wall provides a large menu and a clean dining room with a lot of seating. There are two sections for seating in the Dim Sum area. I was ordering off the lunch menu and chose to sit separately. The menu provides a lot large selection of typical Chinese food. I didn't see a General Tso (my favorite) option on the lunch menu, but I went with Sesame Chicken.  The lunch special was $5.50 and included an egg flower soup, egg roll with mustard and sweet & sour dipping sauces, rice, and a good portion of chicken. It was crisp and had a good flavor, but was a little bit salty. A server came by with a cart asking if I wanted dessert. There were several options available, but I did not select any (I wasn't sure if it was included or extra, so I passed).All in all, Great Wall was a good and low-priced, good service option for a Chinese food. The staff was fast and friendly. With most restaurants in the area being Mexican, this is a good place to get quick Chinese.
3	The service needs improvement. While it may get busy at lunch time hey can do better. We had to flag down a server a couple times. The food portions are good but my rice tastes burnt. Also,the bathrooms are super clean. I may go back and try the dim some sometime
5	I've been looking for a good Chinese restaurant for almost 3 years since I moved from SF bay area. I had a dim sum lunch today and my tummy is happy, happy. It's a good sign that restaurant was crowded and I saw many Asian customers. I've been dreaming about eating dim sum for a long time. I had sticky rice, shumai, har gow, gailan and sesame balls. I love them all, can't wait to go there again. The price is very reasonable and very authentic. No more P.F Chang or Panda Express, lol
4	Don't eat here expecting any kind of service.Keep track of your orders, they will "forget" a dish or two, but still charge you.Otherwise, the food is fast, fresh, authentic, and one of the best places for large groups of people to eat dinner or dimsum.
4	I have eaten at the Great Wall a few times now but always part of a banquet or function. So this might not apply for a regular experience. Most of my Chinese friends and organizations have functions there so I am assuming that the local Chinese believe that this is good food.  Food is very good and plenty of it.  Love that creamy shrimp,carrots and walnut appetizer. Duck is good. Mushroom dish is very tasty. Service can be slow but when a couple of hundred are in the room, you can't expect them to be perfect. I have yet to try the dim sum but have heard from my Chinese friends that is the best in Phoenix.
2	Quality has gone down hill, dim sum is not good as it used to.  Greasy and low quality.  too bad bc I used to love this place.  My family has been going here for at least 8 or 10 years now.
3	MSG? I'm not sure. Dim Sum is expensive and insanely busy, a lot of the food comes out cold but is delicious. That aside, eating dinner here can be awesome. The lunch and dinner combo meals are a ferocious deal and your tummy and wallet will thank you (your thighs won't). The prices of entrees and appetizers are decent, with appetizer prices being high for a chinese restaurant and the entrees being on the lower end of average. The food in dining hours (non-dimsum) has always been spectacular with the exception of the last time I ordered when the meat was so old it had an odd stench and I couldn't even stomach it. That says a lot because mongolian beef is heavily seasoned! Yikes!  The dead floating fish in the live fish tanks kind of killed my appetite on one occasion. I guess it says something that I continue to be a regular!
4	Best place in the valley for dim sum.  They are always consistent.  I've been coming here for over 10 years.  Since I'm allergic to MSG and dim sum always contains MSG, I often order off the menu and request no MSG.  I'll eat some of the dim sum and suffer the effects of MSG afterwards.  My dim sum favs - har gow, sui mai, char sui bao, and coconut dessert.  Dinner - best peking duck with the buns and steamed fish.  Overall, good place for chinese.
4	It's Saturday and we decided to go to Great Wall for dim sum. I had heard about this place from my cousin, but didn't have a chance to try it until today.  We got a late start and by the time we got to Great Wall it was close to 1 pm.  The place is fairly spacious and we were seated right away. We noticed that they had a live fish tank with lobster, dungeness crab, assorted fish and even shrimp.The bustling dim sum carts came to us pretty quickly. We tried the following items:Steamed spareribs- small cubes of spareribs steamed in a black bean sauce. It was actually pretty tasty and not super fatty like some places. Would order this again.Long noodle (churng fun) with shrimp-  the noodles were too thick for my liking even though the shrimp was nice and crunchy and it had a light soy sauce over it. Probably won't order this again unless the noodles are rolled out thinner.Baked pork bun- these buns looked great, all nicely golden brown with a light layer of sticky syrup to give it a sheen. The bun itself is soft and tasty, but I had to take literally 4 bites of the bun to get any "char siu" or bbq pork filling. Slightly disappointing.Cocktail bun- these buns seem to be quite popular, as the lady took one quick round trip around just half the room and they were gone. 3 buns come in one order. These are long shaped buns with some sesame on top. Inside are sweetened coconut filling and the bun is soft. A good combo and better than many other places I've tried.Chinese tamale (jung) - A lotus leaf surrounds the savory goodness of rice, pork and green beans and chinese sausage (lap churng). They also have the option of peanuts instead of green beans if you want.Fried taro puff-  Mashed up taro is stuffed with minced pork, green onions with 5 spice powder and fried up with this puffy coating. I thought the taro puff here was a bit harder or denser than some places I've tried. Steamed shu mai- is perhaps one of the more famous Chinese dim sum items as it is steamed shrimp and pork dumpling. However, the shu mai at Great Wall is mediocre at best.  The shu mai is a bit denser than I am normally accustomed to and the skin falls off easily as you pick it out from the mini steamer.Pan fried turnip cake- this was surprisingly better than expected. It was pan fried to a nice golden brown on both sides and you could taste the dried shrimp, lap churng and bits of turnip. Definitely recommend trying this.Congee / Porrdige - we tried the 1000 year old egg with salted pork porridge and it was fine. Lots of chunks of egg and pork mixed in the porridge.The bill came out to be a little over $27 for 3 people - not bad at all.I haven't tried their dinner items so this review is just for their dim sum. Over all, one of the better places that I've encountered while visiting the Phoenix area. Would come back for dim sum again and will give this place a try for dinner sometime soon.
5	They get 5 stars because of dim sum and proximity to my house.  We've been 3 times, once during the weekend when every table was full but the variety of food was better.  If you've never had dim sum, you may be surprised by how infrequently the carts come by so load up on the first time by.  Don't hesitate to ask the server to lift the lid on every single item in the cart and don't feel pressured to get anything you don't want, no matter how many times the server asks you if you want chicken feet.  I like the har gow, shiu mai, fried shrimp egg roll, turnip cake, tofu skin stuffed with meat, noodles, soy sauce chicken, curry puff and anything that looks like a steamed dumpling and egg tarts for dessert.
5	This gem on 35th Avenue and Camelback is one of the most traditional Chinese restaurants (American) that I've ever been and the food is super delicious. Five stars, hands down.
3	i don't get it.  the first impression upon walking in is good: full of cantonese families, and it is a huge place that is completely full.  i expected big things with so many glowing reviews from  californians.  i don't even have  california standards.  i have midwest dim sum standards which is really low.nothing is quite like i expect.  the tapioca wrapper that they use is not good.  too thick thereby ruining the har kow, fun guo, scallop dumplings, etc.  the pork rib is good but overpowered by sesame oil.  siu mai and sinh juk guen (fried/steamed bean curd wrapper filled with goodies) were fine but nothing spectacular.  the haam sui gok (fried glutinous rice filled with goodies) was the highlight as it was freshly fried and the filling was correct.the variety is okay; hopefully they just ran out of some of the more common items we were looking for: egg tart, dofu fa, taro puff.i don't get phoenix.  there are a ton of chinese people, chinese groceries are cheap and plentiful, lots of demand for chinese food.  why isn't it better here?  to be fair china king in chandler was decent when i went a year ago.
5	Great food!!!!!! Ate here for dimsum, the chicken feet are soo good, so delicious. the sauce is very good and they also have other varieties of food as well. will definitely come back again for dimsum
4	Smells like an Asian grocery store in here! Feels good man. Check out the fish tanks in the back--I like to know my seafood was freshly beheaded mere minutes before landing on my plate.So far, I've sampled the dim sum. Pork shu mai all day--it's legit! Perfectly marinated pork AND heavily spiced shrimp...when I return, I'll try my best to try something different. Like chicken feet.This is really what authentic Chinese looks like, and I'm happy to have found it. I'll be back for more treats from the Far East...and the full bar!
3	Hello my fellow Arizonians.....My review gets 3 stars but I really should give it 2... I am being generous.I will start....as always, by saying I am the pickiest person I know and although food is a preference.... I know what I like! We went on a Saturday around noon and it was packed!  There were several larger tables open but nothing to accomodate 2 people so being the outgoing person I am, I invited a couple people to join us so we could take a larger table.What a great way to meet people, and they were great tablemates!The food is good, I only have a couple CONS....No low sodium soy sauce and most of the food is VERY salty!The selection is not great, no calamari or bbq pork and several other items I enjoy.The only dim sum restaurant I have experienced out here is C FU Gourmet,,, their selection is greater but their downfall is the food is usually cool to warm and the place has been steadily getting worse. (bummer) and the owner just doesnt seem to care.If you enjoy Dim Sum...I reccomend you give it a shot and see what you think.And until then.............Bon Appetite'
4	Coming from San Francisco, I am pretty picky about Chinese food.  I speak Cantonese and that was helpful as most of the staff do not speak English.  Their black bean clams rival my home town places.  All their seafood dishes are deish.  A sweet bean porridge is served as a dessert.  Haven't tried the diem sum.
3	Dim Sum review only***Food is a 4-star rating, but the location and the decor of the restaurant isn't as pleasant. Located in the corner of the a big strip mall, you can't believe how big the restaurant is from the outside, which has no windows, with a small glass door... There is always a line for dim sum during the peak hour, but definitely worth to wait, if you have an asian friend who knows what to order can tag along, that is even better!Very good dim sum and cheap price, just don't expect a fancy place. Have fun~
4	Great dim sum for the valley, their sweet bbq pork buns are especially good.  Their shrimp based pieces are all very good as well, especially the one with shrimp, pork, and chive.  We love going with friends, but it's certainly something we treat ourselves to occassionally.
3	Pretty good dim sum. Good service. Good food. Gets really packed on the weekend.
4	I was part of a HUGE event. There were well over 30 tables, with 10 at each in other words a packed house. We were all served the same thing, and there were 8-9 courses..maybe more...all were very delicious and ver coordinated in presentation. All tables were served at the same time. The beef and crispy chicken were very tasty as was the pork. I enjoyed the pre-salad and mushrooms also. Would come back again. This was part of the Asian Chamber of Commerce Lunar New Year Banquet, also very well put together.
5	Go here on a Saturday or Sunday and find this place packed with folks who love dim sum.I personally find it a little better quality, and not quite so crazy-crowded, on Saturdays late morning/noonish.Some of the best shumai (sp?) I've ever tasted......egg custards are yummy......really good shrimp dishes too.Fun little treat every now and then.......never disappoints!Problem is - 2 hours later, I'm starved.  LOL
4	It was really good dim sum. The servers know enough english to help you decide on what items you want. It can get pretty expensive if your not careful.
5	Honestly, I've been going here my entire life, most always for family functions.  My family loves their food, and I think it's the best Chinese restaurant in Arizona--its dim sum even stands it own against CA Chinatowns, IMHO.  Oh, the dim sum! Har gaos are usually awesome, ham sui goks (sorry, don't know the English phrase) are perfectly crispy with good balance of salty and sweet.  Only in the past few years have I discovered the wonders of the lao sa bao ("leaky sand bun??")--which is like the bolo bao's more decadent cousin (lao sa bao is the one with the more whitish crust, with a runnier custard).  Dim sum is pretty pricey, though.  I can run up a $40 tab by myself.For non-dim sum, this place is still pretty good.  Highlights are definitely the walnut shrimp, peking duck (though some vendors elsewhere are marginally better), and the beef stew (this is probably the wrong name again, but it's the beef dish with the tripe/tendons and turnips).  Great Wall was a family hotspot long before the post-fire remodel, so even though the current bathrooms and general cleanliness may not be on par with other (read: Westernized) places, the new bathrooms are waaayyyyy better than they used to be.  I think it's just a general fact that authenticity sometimes comes at the expense of hygiene. (it's still worlds better than some places in Chinatown).  Bottom line: don't let the sketchy neighborhood and exterior dissuade you, it's worth it!  Also, get there early for dim sum, otherwise they'll sell out of the popular items.
5	This place is, in my not always so humble opinion, the best Dim Sum in the Valley. Its best to go early on the weekends so that you get a table quickly. You want to go about 10:30 or 11. The line usually hasn't started forming outside quite yet, but the food carts are really starting to gain their rhythm.Most everything is great, but do make sure to save a smidge of room for the sweet sesame mochi balls. Not sure what the Chinese name is, but they're the perfect ending to a perfect Sunday tradition
3	Some colleagues and I made the drive all the way to the other side of town for lunch one day to try their Dim Sum.  They were in an AZ Central article listing them as one of the best Dim Sum restaurants in the Valley.We tried a variety of items and I'm not sure exactly what it was...we just ordered what looked good.  I tried a Pork Dumpling, a BBQ Pork stuffed puffy thing, Spicy Beef and Veggies, and a puffy thing stuffed with I think Beans.The food was OK, not as great as the AZ Central article.  I was expecting food as good as Ping Pang Pong in Vegas when I read the accolades.  I think I over-hyped it in my mind before our visit.The restaurant is located in a sketchy neighborhood.  I wouldn't come back at night, that's for sure.Return Factor - 20%
5	This is the real deal guys! My first visit here was on Easter Sunday for early dim sum. The place was already busy when we arrived at 10 a.m., but we were seated immediately. It's always a good sign to see a dim sum restaurant filled with Chinese customers happily munching away. The dim sum was really good and the service was fast and efficient. By the time we left, there was a line out the door waiting to be seated. TIP: Get here early (within 30 mins of opening) and you won't have to wait. This is definitely going to be one of our new favorite places for dim sum!
5	Tip: if you ran out of tea, open the lid of the teapot and that will alert the staff to get you a refill.I was new to dim sum and I absolutely loved this place. If you have not had dim sum before, I think some of the pics posted will give you a good idea.Warning - most likely you got to like eating family style, and you gotta either be adventurous or know what Chinese dishes you like.We went there for early lunch on a Sunday (11:30am) by recommendation of a friend and when we arrived there was a huge line! well, not a line, you get a number that they call out when your table is ready. There were like 10-12 parties ahead of us and we were seated in like 10-15 minutes.They bring you your plates, tiny cups and a teapot.Then is when the fun begins! They have people with carts full or meals in small containers, coming to your table, you pick whatever you want and they mark it in a card that remains at your table. We must have tried like 12-14 different dishes, let me try to remember - sorry I do not know the names.- Bread stuffed with pork (3)- Other pastry stuffed with pork (3)- Fried tofu (3)- Some white ball with a colorful dot that I didn't taste (3)- Round/soft wonton like stuffed with shrimp (4)- Lo main -very skinny noodles- Chicken feet in red sauce (I really wanted to try those)- Fried wontons, they were not stuffed with cream cheese, but with shrimp (4)- Some sort of spring rolls, very big and turned out to be stuffed with shrimp    (2, cut in 3 pieces each)- Sesame seed balls (3)- Fried dough with honey- Jello/mango dessertThese dishes had different prices ranging from 2.95 to 6.95, I think, but our check was about $52 (without tip)I didn't notice if they had other drinks, but I saw a table nearby get a dish and bowl of rice that seemed to be ordered from a menu.I used to live near this place and I never tried it. Now we live far away but I will definitely come back, hopefully soon : )FYI, Ladies restrooms were very clean, and they have toilet covers.
5	Dim sum!!! yummmmm :) I love dim sum and this place is affordable and the real deal with carts coming around. I love the crispy shrimp ball get there early for that they run out. Free hot tea and open of the tea put for them to top it off with more hot water. I would suggest Chinese broccoli dim sum portion. Hong Kong style beef chow mein the crunchy kind. As well as shrimp dumplings hagow and beef dumplings shu mai. Of course white rice!! I just love dim sum the excitement of seeing whats on their cart.   Lots of parking and a great dining experience for those who haven't experienced dim sum :)sadly dim sum is only on weekends.ps the bathroom was surprisingly nice here
4	I can't help but laugh at some of the reviews complaining about the decor and service.  Sigh...rookies.  Let me cut to the chase, you don't go to a Dim Sum restaurant for the service OR the decor.  You go for the FOOD.  That holds true for a whole lot of Chinese eateries really.  If you get great service or a clean, modern place, that's a bonus.  The more hole-in-the-wall, the better the food (none of that Panda Express Americanized junk).  I'd rather them save the money and keep the food prices normal than hike up the prices.  For those wondering, yes, I AM Chinese.So on that note, I will have to say that while the dim sum was not the best I ever had, it was still pretty decent.  But that's not what impressed me - it was that they ACTUALLY had GOOD service.  That's what made me laugh even more at some of the reviews.  Try going to dim sum in LA, Houston or SF...  Here, ALL the staff was really helpful.  I mean ALL.  From the busboys, to the cart servers, to the head people.  You won't find that anywhere else.  Granted it's not top-notch service that you expect but compared to other dim sum places, this is actually pretty good.  I came with my aunts and uncle and they would ask for things like more tea, a specific item, hot mustard, etc. and either someone would quickly get it for us or the cart servers would leave their carts right in front of us and go in the back.  You can't find that at most normal dim sum places.  Oh my, and they even speak REALLY good English and so patient!  They even explain what they have instead of huffing and puffing and quickly opening and closing up lids expecting you to figure out what that dish is and if you want it.They may not have the biggest selection of choices but if you can't tell, I was more impressed by the staff and that more than blew me away.  One cart lady even recognized my aunt and uncle from another dim sum place that they used to frequent but now closed.  That's pretty good.I will def. be back.  Dim sum is like comfort food.
5	greatest Dim Sum in the state! Get in here today!
1	We went in with a lot of expectations considering the great reviews on yelp - and we were starved - so we would liked the food if it even remotely good! The place -  the restaurant had a strong smell that was not pleasing to say the leastThe service - Bad! they were running a vaccumm cleaner while we were having our meal!!Te food: horrible - it had no taste - we ordered a noodle soup and a veg main course... the noodle soup tasted like boiled water with noodles..I've been to Shanghai and I know this was neither authentic nor good!!
1	So... this is what happens when you open the only Dim Sum restaurant in the dessert... utter chaos.Dim sum normally has large quantities of selection of food constantly moving around the restaurant in carts. You see what you like, you pick it, you eat it. Portions are small so price is decent.The quality of food here was terrible. But come on, you say, this is fracking Phoenix! What did you expect? Fine fine fine. I'll stomach cold dim sum that was suppose to be hot, chewy meat instead of tender, and bland instead of flavorful...The place is a dump and the line is 40 minutes long. Well, it is the only dim sum place no? The chaos though that is inside is what get's the place a 1 star. First off I don't even see how this place is setup for Dim Sum. The tables are arranged in a maze like formations where the carts can't even get to you.Forget the fact that the carts can't reach you, most patrons got up and chased them down and brought back their own food. In the end we didn't even get most of what we wanted cuz they sold out. One of the employees shrugged his shoulders and told us next time to chase down we want to get instead of waiting. Totally not worth the wait, especially since the food quality was terrible.
4	Dim Sum fans look no further! (unless you live on the other side of town, like me).My office used to love the Golden Buddha at the COFCO Center. When it closed, our monthly cravings for Dim Sum went unsatisfied until we heard about this spot. The parking lot is worn down and the location is not close to us. Upon entry, we noticed the clientele matched the cuisine - always a good sign! The seating is much like an adapted ballroom. It looks like they may hold wedding receptions or small events there. The Dim Sum cart came around, and to our joyous surprise, the waitress was one of our old friends from the Golden Buddha!! And, the Dim Sum must have come with her. The pork and shrimp dumplings were very tender and tasty. Careful, though, they're piping hot. The seasame and meat-balls were also good along with the shrimp egg rolls (come in sets of 3). Wash it all down with some hot tea and you're in for an excellent, authentic tasting Chinese lunch.
5	Great place for lunch and great dim-sum.This place is clean and the food is tasty.Love their Singapore Noodles and Chinese Broccoli.
5	The crab soup is to die for !
4	I hadn't been to the Great Wall in YEARS! My husband planned an outing for Dim Sum for my birthday. We've talked about doing this for some time but we finally planned ahead, had the time and found a restaurant that serves Dim Sum.  Before deciding where we should go he asked a student, who is Chinese, where his family preferred to eat Dim Sum. The recommendation was the Great Wall. It was a drive for us but so worth it!Reading some of the reviews here, and having mentioned our impending outing to a friend who has frequented the Great Wall, I was a bit apprehensive, but I am adventurous by nature and willing to try it. If it didn't work out as hoped all we would lose is a bit of time and money.If you're into a well-mannered, quiet dining experience this probably isn't the place for you.  If you don't mind a bit of noisy conversation, you're adventurous and willing to try just about anything once, you'll love the Great Wall. Loads of carts come by with a variety of items. Some of them we knew what to expect and others we tried.  Again, you have to be a bit adventurous.  We asked one gentleman what he had in his cart (it had trays with lids). His English was a bit broken but we determined that he had tripe. Now I'm not a fan but I did try a piece. My husband, on the other hand, loved it. He ate almost the entire serving (quite a lot actually) by himself. The pot stickers were enormous and so delicious. We tried noodles (pretty basic), great shrimp dumplings, noodles, wonderful yeast buns filled with almond paste, and too many other things to remember.We were thrilled to see so many families (many of them Chinese) dining together.  Obviously this is a go-to location for family gatherings. Even though we went on one of the hottest days of the year, there was a line by the time we left around 12:30 pm. One website about Dim Sum Etiquette recommends that you have a group of three or more so you can enjoy many different items. If we can find another three or four people who are willing to take a chance to try new things we'll be back soon! If not, we'll be sure to arrive early, with empty stomachs ready to eat!
3	Good place but ok food! I would give it one more star if they can improve their service!
5	As a Chinese person who grew up in Phoenix, I've been counting on Great Wall to fulfill my dimsum needs for nearly two decades.  I have had numerous dinner parties at this restaurant and never had a bad experience.  Their chinese food is top-notch and so delicious.  As a previous reviewer mentioned, you don't come to a place like this expecting to be wowed by the decor or (sometimes) the service.  It's all about the food!
4	I took my lunch date to this place since she haven't date dim sum in AZ before. This was the closest location in the west side. When we get there, the parking and restaurant were packed. A good indicator I think. Got my table relatively quicky. We ordered many various dishes from sticky rice to shumai. It was pretty good. My date were looking for some BBQ chicken feet and it was not available. A little bummed but it did not ruin the experience. The only negative thing I can gripe about were the noodle. It simply sucked. We barely touched it. It was a little wasteful. Something learned....we will not order noodles again...Overall, I can't wait to bring here again
2	Fly in my food, enough said. Only giving them two stars instead of one because their flavors were good. Would've been good had I not seen the fly. -.-
4	This place has been here for years. For years! I have been coming for years. For years! I still think this place has the best combination of quality dim sum, decor and other menu items. The variety here is just awesome. Golden Buddha, China King, Mekong Plaza, they were decent. Those places were good because you don't really want to travel that far for dim sum and those places were in their respective areas. Except Golden Buddha closed. But for a complete experience, go to Great Wall. You should go on Sundays around 10:30am. That's when their menu is at it's fullest. Asian people go out Sunday mornings haha. There might be a wait but carts will come by more often, more items and you get to see a lot of Asian people. There are also items that are not on carts. Like giant noodle dishes. Don't miss out on them!
3	The only time I really ever eat here is for a wedding reception or dim sum.  We came for dinner last week and ordered: baked tilapia (pulled from the tank), chicken, mayonnaise shrimp, salt & pepper shrimp, peking pork, house fried rice and seafood soup.  Everything came out quickly but the food was nothing to write home about.  The chicken was so plain and extremely dry.  The house fried rice was tasty but also pretty dry.  Seafood soup - where was the seafood???  The peking pork was my favorite - flavorful.  The fish was also tasteless.  Did they just pull the fish from the tank and bake it and add no seasonings?  I would suggest coming here for dim sum but for a regular night of dinner? Probably not.
4	I'll give it four stars for Phoenix dim sum. Price is reasonable. Most dishes were hot and fresh. There were a lot of people both before and after we arrived, which is a good sign. Go between here and Phoenix Palace, depending on which is more convenient for you.
4	I've been here plenty of times for the past few years for wedding receptions, dim sum and of course MY wedding reception.We came here last night for a wedding reception and we LOVE the food here. The seafood appetizer and the seafood soup to start are delicious. The seafood platter includes, Jelly Fish (YUM), Seaweed Salad, Squid and a few other items. It looks a little weird, but it's very tasteful. The soup was GREAT, it had great taste to it. For entrees we had, stir fried crabs (LOVE LOVE LOVE!), a whole roasted chicken, whole roasted duck, stir fry beef and Chinese broccoli, a whole steamed catfish, pork fried rice, and fried quail. Everything was delicious. I never really liked quail, it just looks unappetizing. My husband insisted I try just a little piece cause he said it taste just like chicken so I thought why not try just a small piece. I must admit it did taste like chicken but it was a little too salty for me. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for some real authentic Chinese food. Dim sum is great as well!
1	Well I'm afraid I cannot give a fair review. We arrived shortly after 8 PM and there were slim pickin's left on the buffet and they weren't in any hurry to put fresh food out. What little food I did try was OK. Will have to give it another shot at an earlier time I evening I guess. Very disappointed this time around.
4	Not the very best dim sum, but decent. We went around 10:00am on a weekend with a huge party and had no problem with being seated. The servers circulate fairly often and we were happy with the quality of the food. Nothing stood out as amazing (or not great) to me. I did miss my lotus leaf wrapped sticky rice, but maybe I just didn't see it?
4	I came to Great Wall tonight with my mom after reading the positive reviews from Yelp. The location is fine, it's in a strip mall that is just about empty so there's plenty of parking to choose from. In terms of food, there's plenty of options. I opted for the chicken and broccoli and my mother got the chicken with orange sauce. We also split a delicious appetizer of meat dumplings. We were brought tea and the food came out after about 20 minutes. The food portions were much larger than we anticipated and we could've split either one and would've been full. Other than that, our experience was great and we look forward to coming back. The bill for two plates and the appetizer was $30.00. Not the best deal out there, but you get what you pay for. The food was fresh and great and overall I would give Great Wall 4 out of 5 stars.
5	I rarely write reviews but this place deserves a review. I am Asian and I know Asian food. This place has Yummy authentic food. Went for dim sum and it was awesome. It comes close to home cooking. Best Chinese place I've been in AZ. Service was great. Very friendly and helpful staff. Downside, this place is so popular that there is a loooong line to get in. But I've been told that is only on the weekends. Weekdays are not like that. It's a must go to restaurant!!!! I highly recommend it!!!!
4	You can't go wrong at this place. Best Chinese food here, before I was a vegetarian.  you come here, you're obligated to see someone you know and their grandmas. Haha.When there's a long wait, we go next door to the nail supply. lolz . To kill time.Fried tofu is the bestttt
3	Food taste great. Ordered at once please. If you try to order to go when you are done eating. Prepare to wait another half hour or more. Under staff but place is packed. Staff are friendly but the wait for getting a check or to go box. I suggest you help yourself and wait by the door. Dishes are delicious tho.
4	Very good place for dim sum especially being in Phoenix. Definitely come and check it out great prices quick service and lots of locals.
5	The dim sum is perfect. They have everything and they are very quick in getting to all tables. Great weekend brunch idea. From the pork buns, noodles, sesame balls, chicken feet, pork ribs, sticky rice, etc. it's all good!
5	Fantastic food - be sure to order Honk Kong Style Noodles ( pick desired protein ).  The dim sum is all great.  For dessert?  The flowing sand buns are hot, sweet, and better than almost anywhere else.Parking is easy, but on Saturdays be sure to get there early.  It fills up fast and by noon the wait can be long. ( but worth it!)FYI - very kid friendly.  There are nice aquariums filled with fish, lobster, crabs, and clams.
4	Have been here mainly for large celebrations such as wedding receptions, Chinese baby red egg, funeral memorial meal and Chinese New years. So we have never eaten here ala carte. When you eat there for a large celebration it is generally between a 8 to 10 course meal. When eating this way you eat "family" style so you get to try multiple dishes and get a little of each dish and then spin the dishes around on a lazy Susan to share with the others at your table. The servers were okay but the restaurant itself is good when they have a banquet style.Nothing to bring you back because of the decor or service, would probably only come here for the banquet.
4	The food is really really great, but HOLY CrAP it is crowded.  You have got to be ready to eat like a turtle:  stick your neck out a long way, snap a bite, retreat, repeat.  It is seriously tight in there because it is both social and delicious.  Just one time I'd like to go with enough space to have both arms free, hear some conversation, and taste every interesting thing that comes by on those glorious carts of food.   If you have a large party, and don't mind noise and extremely close quarters, this is an all out winner.
3	Typical traditional Chinese restaurant. Heard its the better of the food restaurants here that are open late. Foods not bad, restaurant could use a facelift and a better sign outside/Door, but good thing I dont live in AZ.
1	service is very very poor! we waited 25mins for dimsum, i asked for shrimp and pork dimsum lady said " i only have chicken feet......,wtf [ y dont u get more! commonsense]. we ended up getting fried noodles. forget about this place i highly recommend C FU restaurant in chandler, this place suck! more than 50 people inside and they ony have one dimsum cart running.
4	If you live in the West Valley, you are out of luck when it comes to finding Dim Sum. The closest you'll find is the Great Wall on Camelback and 35th Ave. The only other one that I know of in Phoenix is C-Fu on the east side. I enjoy the Great Wall's Dim. The Sumai and Howgow are very good and it is so reasonably priced. I've tried the Spicy Salted Squid and consider it to be pretty good. I would order it again, but I've had better in Portland, OR. I would recommend this to you if you're looking for Dim Sum. Not much competition out there though.
5	The menu was loaded with so many of the dishes that I truly like that it did become somewhat difficult to choose....but I managed...I ordered hot & sour soup (the bowl), chicken chop suey...and while I wasn't sure exactly what Salt and Spice Shrimp was, I was hoping it to be salt & pepper shrimp.First out of the kitchen and onto my dinner table was the hot & sour soup...a huge steaming bowl. Let me say, I have had hot & sour soup all over this world and while it varies in taste and consistency, this soup tonight was outstanding...absolutely outstanding. Next out of the kitchen was this salt & spice shrimp...wow, these were not shrimp at all...these were gulf prawns...huge...took two hands to pickup. The shrimp came with the heads and tails, and shells...not a problem for me, but perhaps a bit squeamish to others. No issues, I hoisted up one shrimp and gave the head a slight twist pinched the tail and dropped it into my mouth. Oh my goodness...these were awesome. Perhaps the serving was a dozen shrimp, I didn't count them, but there was quite a few. Remarkable...!!! Last out of the kitchen was the chicken chop suey...let me say that this was not the actual name on the menu, that escapes me, but it was a chop suet. It was also fantastic. But to be honest, with the soup and the shrimp, there wasn't much room left for the chicken chop suey. I needed a "to go box" to bring the left overs back to the hotel.
4	My family and I have been coming here for many years. The service is horrible the place smells old but it stays true to the attitude of all dim sum restautant in china. We come here for the dim sum and dim sum alone. Lately, More and more caucasian and latinos i see coming here which is awesome. Only on weekends is when they serve dim sum. Get here early so avoid the lines and the crazyness.
5	Best Chinese food I've had in Phoenix so far.  I can't wait to go back this weekend foranother Dim Sum fix!  I used to live in Honolulu's China town and this place is just as good!  What a find.  I'll be back twice a month fosho!
5	How can I not give Great Wall 5 stars for its DimSum?! Yummy!! We came in on a Saturday morning and were seated quickly. The carts came by fast and when we couldn't find what we wanted they brought what we wanted right away. Service was awesome and they were nice. Yeah, it isn't harbour in Seattle but we are in Phoenix! My 5 stars is for the area as well, there isn't a plethora of DimSum to choose from so for Phoenix area this is a 5 star.This place is way closer to our house as opposed to Phoenix palace and i like great walls food  better. This is my new DimSum spot.
5	You simply can not beat the dim-sum here. We eat here every chance we get, and have been doing so for more than ten years. We have always had a wonderful experience and leave feeling stuffed every time.
4	I have since gone back with a crowd of friends for dim sum. It was very tasty and they weren't bothered in the least that all through out our meal we kept having more people show up.We started with one table and by the end, we were squeezed into three. The service was much better and friendlier this time around.
3	This place is alright! I went here with my family this week to have dim sum. It's my second time coming here. The first time I came was for a relative's wedding. Atmosphere: 3/5. It's a old restaurant, so the decor is kind of worn out generally. I wouldn't recommend it as a wedding venue, but it's possible? They have a section of the restaurant that is sort of a "stage" area with the red curtains as backdrop. It's pretty old-school asian.Food: 4/5. Not the best dim sum I've ever had, but it's pretty darn good for dim sum in the Phoenix Area, considering there aren't that many. I liked the "desserts" (egg tart, bbq pork pastry, taro pastry), and the shrimp entrees the best. Price: Pretty good price. Dishes range from $2 - $6 a plate for dim sum (or the ones we got anyways).
4	This is a classic Chinese Cuisine with authentic food close to town.We come here to celebrate a birthday dinner or dim sum. The food is excellent in Arizona standard. I have been coming here for 20 years now. Sometimes we run into old friends or family which is nice too.We love the food. They have the best Bao and BBQ Duck in town. Sometimes we drive 35 miles to buy duck!
4	Like most west valley Asians would say, Great Wall is a staple.  I've been to Great Wall a hundred times for dim sum and banquet-dinners since I was  kid --- heck, maybe even since I was born!   It's hard for me to even imagine how my childhood would be like without Great Wall.From before their renovations to days before the kitchen fire, Great Wall has always served up delicious food.  As it is the only major Chinese restaurant in the west valley, Great Wall is always busy with a flurry of customers at any given time of day.  They have delicious hot dim sum and they have an even more amazing 10-course dinner.  If you don't understand Chinese customs, this place will always be LOUD!  Chinese people are loud.  We like to hear ourselves talk over other people's voices.  I think it adds to the charm of the restaurant.  ;)Great Wall specializes in a lot of authentic off-the-menu dishes like duck tongues, fried pork intestines with sweet & sour sauce, fried fish heads with eyeballs the size of golf balls, and all the other stuff probably not palatable to people who didn't grow up around these kinds of foods but it's all reminiscent of  majestic China.  *wistful sigh*Anyways, Great Wall will always hold a soft spot in my heart.  From sweet karaoke-infused memories to visions of old people dancing to terrible Chinese music.  Cheers!
4	Great dim sum on the weekend. Great prices. Love this place
4	So i had never had Dim Sum before being taken here as a birthday lunch with my buddy. My buddy happens to be a connoisseur of some weird dishes so I was apprehensive half the time he put something new down in front of my and told me to eat it. However only on one occasion was I disappointed (I am not a chicken feet fan). The food here was really tasty and flavorful. I really liked the shark fin dumplings (named for the shape according to my buddy), the shrimp in noodles, and the sweet tofu at the end.For a first experience at Dim Sum this was a good one and has me wanting to go back to try some more. The one thing I wished they had was something that made it a little easier for me to figure out what was in each dish, although this time it wouldn't have mattered much.
4	This place is the best  restaurant for dim sum . Better get there early or the line will be an hour.  Dim sum is like eating little pastries.  Most are salty. My favorites are  shrimp wraps,  barbecue pork buns , sticky rice with pork, there are all so different and unique. Top it off with almond jello or custard bun
2	Note Correct Address is 3446 West Camelback, adjacent to Grand Canyon University campus.  Mediocre dim sum if you're from Southern California. Don't expect much variety on weekdays, as it isn't that busy for the chefs to prepare a lot, although requests can be made. I wouldn't bother.
4	I love dimsum, but whenever I go I always go in a large group and let the other people point and order for me. This visit was the same. Went with a party of 5 on a busy Sunday afternoon, and fortunately got seated right away. My friend is well versed and immediately started ordering off the carts as soon as they went by. Unfortunately, I can't recommend any of the names of the dishes because I don't know them! :( Well besides the general dumplings and steamed buns. There was this super delicious eggplant one though! After eating for a little under an hour, our final damage ended up being about $10 per person. I was completely full and will definitely come back again!Located in a strip mall with plenty of parking. Come with a big group and try all the dishes.
4	I've been here probably about 5 times. Some of the occasions were for lunch, dinner, or for a wedding. Great Wall looks small outside, but when you walk in it is a pretty big restaurant. When I came here for a wedding it was very decorative and the menu if already set up for you. It was an Asian wedding and some of the food that came out for the guests included soup, seafood, fried rice, and dessert. Coming here for lunch is much different. It is not as busy as a wedding would be of course and mostly you see big groups there such as a family. Every entree is family style so we basically all just ordered and shared the food within our party. Food is always delicious and tasty there. I think I just barely come here because I live on the other side of town. Now, for that Saturday we came here for dim sum. It was my first time here for dim sum, but I heard great things about Great Wall. As we drove into the parking lot it was already full. The wait was maybe about 20-30 minutes for us and looking inside it was pretty packed. So, I thought wow, maybe this place is all the hype. Once we got seated we got shumai (I think that's how you spell it). It's a pork dumpling. We also ordered chicken wings, shrimp dumplings, chow mein noodles, and chicken feet! I know a lot of people that may be unappealing, but the chicken feet was very good. I loved it! Overall, I can always recommend this place because I basically enjoy the food they have here. I would say when I had the best tasting of  food was during the time I came here for a wedding. The next best is during the time they serve dim sum, but as stated above it does get busy so coming here early would be the best thing if you do not want to wait. Staff was good, but we did keep seeing the same person with the same cart of food like 5 times. It sucks that its a pretty far drive for me to get here or else I'd be over here all the time for dim sum. So, on that note I will definitely be back here again for dim sum and if you NEVER tried or experience it, mine as well get to Great Wall and try it!
4	My kids and I love coming here for Dim Sum. I was confused by some reviews saying the staff was rude and did not welcome white Americans. We have experienced the complete opposite! The staff was very friendly even considering the language barrier. My children are in a Mandarin Immersion program at school and love to come here to practice ordering food. The staff embrace these little American  children even though this is a Cantonese restaurant and switch to communicate with them every time. They were helpful with explaining the dishes that we were unfamiliar with and even recommending what we might like. We have been dining on dim sum for years but if you have never  experienced it, coming here is a good way to start this addicting adventure! You need to come early if you don't want to wait.
4	I am a regular dim sum customer ever since the Golden Buddha closed down a while back.  Although it is not at the same level as the best dim sum locations in San Francisco's Chinatown, it is excellent given the fact that it is in Phoenix.  All of the regular food choices like shrimp and beef noodle, steamed pork buns, and pot stickers are all excellent.  The atmosphere is nondescript but then again not too many dim sum places are known for their ambience.  My dings on the place are very minor: their selection is limited in the first hour of opening, and i would like to see lazy susans setup on the bigger tables.  But other than that, they will continue to see me as a customer as long as they maintain the quality of food, affordability, and level of service.
2	Ehhh, we came here for dim sum on a Sunday morning.  The place was pretty busy at 9AM.  I gotta say I was not impressed with the food or the service.  The food didn't taste fresh to me.  The presentation was subpar and our pot of tea went dry without the waiters' attention.  The checkout process is beyond embarrassing.  You have to take your cheque and queue at the register near the front door.  There were two parties in line in front of us and it took over 10 minutes to pay and get out the door.  Their ha-gap were OK, but we tried 9 other dishes and I would pass.  The price is competitive with Mekong but I think the quality and service at Mekong is far superior.
1	Much different experience the second time around. The second time reveals a disturbing issue. Well this is absolutely disappointing to write. Especially after writing a favorable review of Great Wall the first time around. But our experience here was not good during our last visit.First, we were not acknowledged when we came in the door. We had to pardon an employee (who appeared to be doing nothing) to take us in. He then proceeded to take us to a booth after we requested a table and chairs. We asked again to be seated at a table and chairs and he finally obliged. We were given menus and that's when the real trouble began in terms of service. First, we ordered a lot of food. 2 main dishes, 2 appetizers, 2 drinks, and an extra side dish to split. It was my last night in Phoenix so I wanted to go all out and sample some different things. Besides, we have the money so who cares right? Well, the drinks came and when we ordered the server let us know there were no BBQ pork ribs, but didn't offer an alternative. When I picked something else, he rolled his eyes and said "So you really want pork?". Yes. I do. So we waited for our appetizers, only one of which came out before the main dishes. The others came out with the dinners. Now the food was good, I have no complaints there. But when the person bringing us the food came out, she would't even look at us. The feeling I was getting was that they were either disgusted with our presence or just didn't care to talk to their non-Asian customers. I say that because the servers were "chatting up" the Chinese folks at their tables (it wasn't a busy night only a few small families), but they were literally ignoring us and a hispanic family sitting adjacent to us. I wouldn't normally write about that but it was so egregious I have to say how it appeared to look. I wish I could say it had something to do with language barriers and being comfortable with your native tongue maybe, but they spoke English fine from what I saw and it just didn't feel good to be ignored. Anyway, no refills on tea, water, or our main drinks were given. When we were done, we were ignored for 20 minutes until I glared at another server who was having banter with an Asian couple near us. I guess he told our server to bring us a check. So we pull out the Amex and what do you know? For the first time all night our server immediately comes over and says in perfect English "we don't take American Express" (even though the tray the bill was on says "Amex Preferred", but that's neither here nor there.Wow. Once it was time to pay, he's on my shoulder like a parrot. Prior to that, he wanted nothing to do with us. Finally, the woman who came out to put the food in 'to-go' bags literally ignored us even after I smiled and tried to talk to her. She turned her head away when my date tried to thank her for putting everything in bags for us. And our sending off? Waiting another 10 minutes for someone to come take the card before giving up and walking to front and giving the bill to someone who appeared to be a manager. No tip given. You've got to be kidding me. In the end this experience wrecked what was supposed to be my new Chinese food place. The service ruined what was great food. The feeling I got while there was that they didn't particularly care if we (non-Chinese customers) were there. And that is really sad. Needless to say, we won't be coming back.
3	Chicken feet on point...not standard to give you the chili sauce and mustard sauce so make sure you ask!
4	I love Dim Sum! I have been to this place tons of times for the past 20+ years?It's hard to find a good Dim Sum place around the valley and I just went again today at 11am and it took 20 minutes to get a table.The wait is because the food is good and mostly affordable as you order and they mark items on the little pink sheet that keeps track of the price of what you've ordered.Since it's Dim Sum, and I don't have a lot of places to base it on, the place is busy and you need to let the people walking by know what you want which is unlike other places.I don't know of a better dim sum place in the valley, I'd recommend coming here!
1	I went here today to have dim sum with my friend and it was end up uncomfortable. We sit there for 15' and nobody came to ask anythings. After the foods were brought out, we asked 3 waitresses for the sauce and had nothing. Then i asked the waiter again and he brought it w/ unhappy face and through the dish in front of us. We order 5 dishes but they brought out only four. When we finished and checked out, one of them told me we still have shrimp ball is making, and that was 45' after we ordered it. I didnt want it anymore. When i paid i didnt put the tip in my card and he came to our table to check if we put the tip on the table. What the heck? Should i leave the tip for the service we had?
5	I've been here twice.  Last time was three years ago, most recent was last week.  Both times it was excellent.  My favorites are the congee (with century egg!), the taro, the tripe, and the Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce.  Tea comes promptly, food is always hot and carts come around every minute or two.  Staff is nice--always cute old ladies.  How they manage this with the hundreds of people who show up on a Sunday is amazing.  There's always a line, but it moves quickly.  Much faster than a TSA line for a flight to China anyway.
1	The lunch dim sum was greasy almost all pork and limited to one cart and a dessert cart.Service was slow and not very pleasant. I would never go back for the food. Spring rolls fried to a crisp belong in a bad fast food restaurant .
4	Authentic Chinese food as close you can get in Phoenix.Service is above chinese average which is pretty low. 4 YelpSnow pea tops with garlic 4 Yelp a bit over done and tons of garlic.Chicken egg foo young 3 Yelp never had chicken sit on top of the egg foo young. A bit sweet in the sauce not as savoury. Shrimp with lobster sauce 3.5 Yelp too much sauce.Overall 3.5 Yelp not the 4 star as rated.
1	Nothing special. The Mekong Palace still better but this is my second dim sum. Still looking..
3	I'm a dim sum lover. Boston, Chicago, Denver, Columbus, OKC.  All good.This place is good enough in a craving pinch when you live in Phoenix and don't feel like driving to Chandler.  It's 7 min from my house so I will go back.  Dim sum staples all there... Shu Mei, BBQ Pork Bao, Sticky Rice, Chinese Broccoli was ok, nothing special.  It just doesn't seem made fresh.  I don't know if it was pre made a few days before or just bought from a supplier in mass. Just didn't taste "prepared that morning" fresh.Also, was hoping for more pan fried options.The place was full on a Sunday so that's good.
3	Dim Sum!  The food comes out fast, service is always friendly, the place is big and they have all the stuff that I like.   Come late on the weekend and be prepared to wait.
4	Pros and con's as follows.Pros:  overall variety of food is good.Shrimp sushi roll then deep fried-goodSome funky sticky rice -too thick and sticky-,not goodShrimp noodles, good. A texture I'm not particularly fond of, but flavor good.Lo mein type noodles--goodDuck-good, despite not a lot of meatTwice fried pork, really good.Chicken wings-really good ( not really Asian or Chinese but I really like crispy wings)Shrimp shumai really goodGreens-i think they were some sort of asian broccoli.My favorite things were the tea, sesame ball with sweet filling and shumai.Con's,:  way too busy and crowded but there's nothing you can do about that. That's just the way dim sum isI don't like getting passed up by anyone with the carts. Some don't speak any English so you don't know what they are offering and combine that with the din and the language barrier, it got a little frustrating. Prices- no clue.I love Asian food and rarely get anything good in the valley so this is quite good. I will go again
4	With a hankering for Peking duck and those fluffy pancakes- the struggle is very much real here in PHX. Great Wall does a good job, but my roomie and I were fooled to think two small Asian girls could eat a plate of Peking Duck & an order of Hot & Sour Soup in one sitting. Nonetheless, the meal was good, crisp duck skin, good sauce but the soup was mediocre at most. Just remember, it's family style here.If you come here, you should be for their Dim Sum! They get pretty crowded, but it's worth it. I always get the basics when it comes to Dim Sum so I get the Ha Cao, Siu Mai, BBQ Pork Buns, Soft Tofu dessert, shrimp noodle. I got the chinese broccoli to try last time, but the oyster sauce was way too salty- so pass on that one. Other than that there's not much to it, just point to something or ask for what it is. A word of advice, drink tons of tea! I must've drank a whole tea pot to myself while dining here.Pretty good service, carts rotate quickly and are friendly. Love those old Asian women willing to have small conversation either about food on their cart or their business.
4	I've been coming here for years for the dim sum. Overall I think their dim sum is the best in Arizona especially ever since the closing of China Doll years ago. There are other places like Phoenix Palace they might have some better pastry options, but when you're wanting some good old pork shumai and shrimp dumplings which are the crux of dim sum, this is the place to go.
3	Had friends in town . The restaurant was very busy because if a birthday party took up half the restaurant.  Their menu has gone up over the last few months. We started with wanton soup, the broth was good but the wantons here small . We ordered pots tickers and crab puffs, the pot stickers were overcooked and very small.we then had the peking duck which was short on buns  and the skin overcooked . Our final dish came twenty minutes after.. which was inexcusable. Very disappointed higher prices and smaller portions are not a good combinations
4	Dim sum is a family tradition whenever my parents are in town. We usually frequent Golden Buddha for this, but it is no longer available. Although, the ambiance is not as transcendent to Golden Buddha, the food was in my opinion..better. Very authentic, and lots of  carts to choose from. The best pork buns, sticky rice wrapped in traditional banana leaves, crispy shrimp egg rolls, congee with thousand years egg...I didn't care for the egg too much as it was very over powering, however if you like that sort of egg richness then give it a try. Even though I didn't care for that part of the soup, I still finished my bowl! The tarrot root cake was my favorite part. Try the shu mai with the vinegar sauce...and oh my goodness the ROASTED PORK WAS TO DIE FOR!! They even let you take home the leftovers. Our table was not ready when we got to it, a couple of spoons were not cleaned well and we never got any water with our meal. The service is probably my only complaint.  It was a good half hour or so wait, which to me is a good sign. Full sized families were entering and exiting and to me, once again a good sign.
