5	It is an honor to be the First To Review this brand new Green location!Just like Green Tempe, the menu provides an array of delicious vegan treats ranging from salads to flatbread pizzas to bugers, Po Boys, and bowls filled with various varieties of mock meat.Everything at this location tastes exactly the same as the other location, however, the love exudes from every meal prepared by the incredibly friendly and eager staff.The location is great, and is perfectly located next to Nami - where you can pick up your vegan soft tserve "blizzards" in any form you desire. I recommend peanut butter with double chick-o-sticks.The actual restaurant is super clean, modern, and fresh. The front is a glass garage door that when the weather allows, will open to a patio. I cannot wait for this. If you have not been to Green, I highly recommend you give it a try... the artichoke gratine, chili fries, yellow curry with crispy tofu, and secret BBQ sandwich are among my favorites.And don't forget your dessert next door at Nami!
4	Feels a lot like That's a Wrap (which used to be in this location).  I love the overhead door; I love fresh air.  Lots of seating and a bike rack (that doesn't really properly serve a lot of bikes, honestly).Food was very, very fresh.  I expected (per norm in most places) corners to be cut where not noticeable (see: frying something often masks it's lack of freshness) - corners were not cut.  The three things ordered were all well prepared, fresh and delicious.  The things I oversaw on other tables were also looking mighty tasty.I'd love to see a few bottles of craft beer here - that's my personal opinion.  Part of the issue is local laws, the other part is those running the show.Will return, for sure.
4	Another Green? You mean, we don't all have to eat at Green in Tempe everyday? Vegans, scatter! To be fair, this location doesn't have the super-customized hipster vibes of the original Green, as in, there aren't painted car doors lining the walls, but it offers the same great food in a metropolitan area. Plus, Nami is right next door, which is essentially a fat, animal-loving kid's heaven.Currently, my nom of choice is the orecchiette with mock meatballs. If you're missing meat, or need to convince some judgmental bacon-lover that vegan food isn't a leaf on a piece of tofu, order this. Delicious, savory meatballs, smothered in cheese and marinara over veggies and pasta? Hardly part of an ascetic lifestyle. Oh, and it's eight bucks. Double awesome.Nutshell Review:Tastebuds: delighted.Tummy: full.Wallet: fat.Conscience: clear.
5	DUH. THIS PLACE IS THE BEST.It is so nice not to have to drive to Tempe for my favorite menu. The decor is simple and clean, the staff is adorable and sweet.My favorite items from the menu?1. No Harm Chicken Parm2. Tahini Coleslaw3. Orecciette pasta 4. The secret bbq chicken sandwich5. Homemade curry pasta salad6. Balsamic picnic saladLeave room for a Tsoynami. Just walk next door to NAMI and wait to be amazed. This place smells like sugar and coffee heaven.
4	This place is awesome, and I'm not even a vegetarian!First points go to the ambiance... the place has kind of a cool "green" feel to it, but is also very modern and open.  The garage door in front opens during nice weather, and the place is very airy.Second points go to the food.  I really have no idea what I'm eating, but I've been a few times and haven't been disappointed.Service/staff is pretty good, they definitely fit the theme of the place.Minus one point for having an awesome staircase that leads to nothing but an office... and a tiny bit of a point for recommending "Nami," the place next door that I think they own.  It's a vegan bakery that is overpriced with so-so taste.
5	A vegan place with familiar flavors; don't get me wrong, I love new and interesting cuisine I just think this place will make veganity (is that a word?) accessible to more people.RECOMMENDATION: Try the crab puffs and the secret bbq chicken sandwich!
4	i'm glad we finally have a veggie restaurant in central phoenix!  i think it was a void that really needed to be filled and i can see myself ending up here often when i am looking for a quick and healthy option.i haven't tried enough of their menu yet to comment on the best dishes, but the atmosphere, location and prices are great!  i was only moderately impressed with my first meal, but i think i may have chosen incorrectly for my taste - they have LOTS of options so i'll be able to tweak it next time!
5	damon rules!!!
2	I was actually pretty disappointed in Green. This was my first experience at Green and as a vegan, I don't think I'd bring a non-vegan here hoping that they'd think vegan food was super tasty.  My (non-vegan) friend and I both thought our sandwiches were over-sauced and he actually couldn't even finish his. I will say the texture of the mock chicken was good...but, again, the sauce (mine was BBQ) was way to overpowering. I guess if you're vegan and are craving something meat-like, this would be the place to go.  I might go back to try a non-sandwich menu item...Also, it would have been nice had the waitress not taken my half-eaten meal off our table when I got up to refresh my drink.  While it wasn't the best lunch ever, it was still my lunch and I would have liked to have finished it.
5	Phoenix location - My husband and I LOVE this place! The food is fantastic. Prices are great and the folks running it are always so nice. It's our favorite spot to go in the city.
5	Love the wings!
5	FINALLY!! Green has been talking about a downtown location forever and it is here and WORTH THE WAIT!  Best Vegan food you'll find anywhere, and you don't have to be Vegan to enjoy it! I'm a hardcore meateater, but I'll take Green's buffalo wings and Mexicali Burger over the real thing any day!! The "No-harm chicken parm" is the bomb.com too! The parking is an issue, only because of the small lot Green was built on, but again... it's worth fighting for a spot! The interior is very comfortable, and perfect for a sunny warm afternoon when they can open the large garage door at the front of the building for some fresh air!Go Vegan!! Even if its just for one meal, and give Green a try!!
5	So. Tasty.Reasonably priced, fast, vegetarian.The thyme fries are amazing!
4	As card-carrying omnivore, I sometimes like to take a break from meat and play for the other team. I have never eaten at the Green original in Scottsdale. This place is so close to my work that I was able try it. The first time, I had their buffalo wings and an apricot noodle dish. Their take on ranch dressing with cucumber is a to-die-for concoction. What I wouldn't give to be swimming in that. Soooo good. They need to bottle that. NOW. The buffalo wings really tasted like what you'd get in a sports bar but they were a little salty for my taste. Another time I had the vegetarian chili fries. Very authentic tasting also. The faux-cheese was meh. But it went well with the fries. Another winner is their green chile hummus with the fried pita chips. I would love to work my way through the whole menu. I also like the decor of woods and recycled materials. So far, I haven't found much to complain about. If you're going to pick up to-go, definitely call ahead first. Also, parking can be tight; you may have to risk parking at Coco's. Still, I'm all for going 'green'!
4	A boy named Bacon gives Green his seal of approval.Yes. It's true. This happy carnivore enjoyed eating an animal-free meal yesterday. And I plan to return to sample more of there menu offerings. Terry T and I had our second meal of our bike ride here. She ordered the chili cheese fries and I ordered the Buffalo chicken and Samosas. Terry's fries were wonderful, and the chili was surprisingly spot on for the real meat deal. While I found the chicken to be overly salty (something Terry mentioned to me before ordering) the cucumber dipping sauce was good enough to drink. My Samosas were a terrific blend of sweet and savory.The only thing that really had me scratching my head was the scales in the restroom. Huh? I weighed myself before eating, just for a goof.
5	This is my new comfort food one-stop-shop. I used to drop in Coco's next door when I wanted something fast and easy, but now I go to Green and get something GOOD as well.I can't resist the BBQ Chicken Sandwich, but ALL the sandwiches and po'boys are well worth the trip.
5	So, I have recently decided to try my hand at veganism.  I always enjoyed hitting up the Scottsdale location of Green, but was overjoyed to hear that they had opened one minutes away from my house.  I really love that it's not typical (from my experiences) vegan food, i.e. some bowl of veggies with rice or noodles or a salad. In addition to having a completely vegan menu, they also have gluten-free items.  I love their wings, which I thought were made of seitan, but much to my delight, they are actually a mix of soy and mushroom stems! The sauce is to die for, with it's green onions and chunks of garlicy goodness.  I almost always order the Green Burger, made of grains with veganaise, tomatoes, greens, pickles, ketchup and choice of side (thyme fries, fruit, curried pasta salad, or tahini coleslaw).  Lately, however, I have been venturing out and I got the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich (comes with bell peppers and onions) the other day.  Now, I've never been a big fan of bbq sauce, but their espresso bbq sauce is freaking delicious! And today, I ordered the Original "G" Po-Boy (mock chicken with their wing sauce, tomatoes, veganaise, and greens) which was spicy and just what I was looking for.  Their bevvies are pretty tasty, too.  I usually go for a nice glass of Sweet Lime or the Organical Berry Lemonade.
5	I was so excited for Green to finally open a location -- right across the street from my house. Everything I've tried, I loved. Their "burgers" are delish (try the Mexicali, Green burger, spicy 'g'), the rice/noodle bowls (drunken mushroom, mongolian, curry bowl, earlobe pasta) are awesome and their fresh-made limeade and lemonade and basilade are to die for. I brought my mom and 13 year old brother here, and they were satisfied. You ever tried feeding a picky 13-year-old? He loved the spicy 'g' sandwich. Oh, and don't forget to try one of their pizzas. YAY.And now, they sell daiya cheese for the veggie/vegans -- which is really convenient since many places don't have it. Five stars!
5	love love love. when I was in PHX last year, this location was not open, so I went to the OG outpost in Tempe.  this one is a lot more convenient.had every possible meal at Green.  I have to take advantace of the vegan delish whenever I can.main dishes I tried: Coconut curry w/ fake chicken, Mongolian fake beef & Thai fake chicken.  plus some salads & starters. and tasty housemade bevs.  everything there is AMAZING.brought a veggie friend & an omni & they were huge fans, too!
4	I'm not a vegetarian, but my good friend (who was with me) is and has been for a long time, so we decided to check out Green New American Vegetarian (actually, it's Vegan).   I'm glad we did!  The place is super cool inside - definitely a trendy place with a lot of young people.  We got there just in time, before the lunch rush, because at about noon, the place was insanely packed!  The menu is pretty big, so there are a lot of choices for the true Vegans.  I ordered the green hummus dish to start - really good and spicy - but not too spicy. The pita chips are freshly made and have a nice spice on them, too.  I didn't get the pickle garnish... a little strange.  I had the small Green Salad - it was really super de-lish.  The dressing was also a little spicy, but it made it really great.  Tons of green olives - so, you better like olives (which I do).  My friend ordered the Argentine Po-Boy - she scarfed it down... she had the cole slaw side and said it was really yummy.  Keep in mind to get there early - the parking is big enough for about 10 cars (we were luck to get one of the last spots) and the place is small, but you'll love it!  Definitely worth trying - even if you're not a vegetarian!
2	Embarking on my newest journey down the meatless diet road lands me here for dinner.  I was so very hopeful and completely open to my new experience. Place is nice and clean so I ordered:* spicy buffalo "wings "  * egglessrolls* drunken mushroom chickenThe wings made me think of boneless wings at first but I found them oily and slightly mushy.  I could only think of a frozen package of fake chicken that was heated and cut up.  Similar or the same maybe for the fake chicken in the drunken mushroom chicken bowl.  A breaded piece of processed, packaged and frozen fake chicken is all I could think about when eating, so I stopped.The egglessrolls appeared to have also been processed, packaged and frozen then,  deep fried in oil.  I was thinking that they would have been fresh rice paper wrapped.  They were mushy and oily on the inside.  Crispy and oily on the outside.The noodle dish deserved a bigger taste and perhaps a bolder sauce.  The vegetables were cut without care or respect to culinary skills whatsoever, often leaving parts that would have been better off in a stock or trash.I so wish that I would have stayed home and cooked my own meal on this day.I feel like I was at the TGIFridays of vegetarian foods.Thanks for reading!
5	This is my second visit to Green.  The food is off the chain.  I love the decor!  Its framework is a garage.  This place is just as good as Red Bamboo (my fave vegan spot in NYC).  The first time I came to Green was in October.  I had the Spicy Buffalo Wings (they sure are spicy and SALTY!) and the Sweet and Sour bowl.  The bowl was very fresh, love the variety of veggies.  My friend had the Thai Peanut Bowl and loved it.  This time around I had the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich with the Thyme fries - amazing!  The Vimto is the TRUTH!  I seriously need to go back and try more things!
4	Secret bbq chicken = badical turbo radness. The fries are also excellent; thin with the perfect crunch and not greasy. the no harm parm comes in a delicious red sauce on a nice sized roll. when finished, go next door to Nami for delicious (but kind of pricey) vegan dessert!
4	I am not a vegan, far far from it. I couldn't be a vegan if I wanted to cause I hate most veggies.  My partner is a vegan however and I am always willing to try anyhting once. The meat-less meat actually has the texture of meat not mush. I get the original "G". It is a buffalo meat-less chicken between two pieces of bread with tomato, lettuce, buffalo sauce, and some mayo like something as well. I get the french fries with this. I actaully crave this damn sandwich now. It is spicy so if you are not a spicy eater I would not suggest to get it. If you like spicy this might be the perfect thing for you. The fries are awesome as well. Shoe sting cut, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Mmmmmm. Just writing this make me want it. I also get the egg-less eagrolls. These are yammy as well.
5	Wait, did Green open up another restaurant in Phoenix?  Like many of you, I was overjoyed to utter that wholly unexpected turn of events.Am I in a giant garage?  There's a hangar door for a narrow, long car.  I suspect this set-up works well when it is warm, but not hot, and you want to eat outside.  Or eat on the edge of being outside, but remain inside.  You get to choose how close to being outside you want to be without actually being outside.The way I see, Green is a great restaurant and it happens to be vegetarian/vegan.  Where Green surpasses other restaurants is flavor.  The salad, the most neglected item on every other menu-- flavorful.  Other menu items -- flavorful.  Did I mention that I like meat?  If you are answering, "no?", then you need to read some of my other reviews.  And feel free to endorse them as funny or cool.  The answer is yes, people.  The reason I like Green is because what I like even more is good food.This incarnation of Green has an artsy (in a good way), trendy, causal kind of feel.  There's folksy art on the walls available for purchase, and am in a hangar for mini airplanes?There's also the companion coffee-dessert shop next door, called Nami.  It is where you get the Tsoynami.  If you don't know what that is, maybe it's time to find out.
3	I finally brought myself to eat something other than the orichiette and no-harm chicken parm (don't get it on a sandwich. The sandwiches I am not a big fan of because the bread is far too airy for hot sandwiches. )I had the artichoke gratine which was served with amazing corn chips. I wonder where they got them? Anyway! It was gorgeously delicious and spicy! My only complaint is that I got tired of it part way through, and finished with eggless rolls. I don't know what happened. The eggless rolls used to be better.I usually give Green a 5, but I have to drop to a 3 this time. The eggless rolls aren't what they used to be.
5	First of all, we knew it was going to be good when we drove up and noticed the great smells from the parking lot! Let's start with the building and decor. Urban hip all the way, clean with a great vibe. I noticed and loved all of the recycled materials used so creatively in the decor. You can tell there are smart and creative people behind this business and it shows.  My girlfriend has been a vegetarian for 30+ years and while I am not, I do all of the cooking in our house and have developed an appreciation for this type of cuisine and am always looking for creative ways to spice up our meals. Most of the meat substitutes found in stores do not measure up to whatever they used as chicken-less chicken in their spicy buffalo wings. They were so flavorful, had a great meat texture, and the ranch dressing to cool it all off was delish. I can't wait to have them again! We then tried the Green Hummus. Again, very flavorful, the green part coming from a creative use of Poblano Peppers and drizzled with a little sesame oil. I thought the pita chips were a little greasy and since I try not to eat fried foods very much, I thought it would be cool if they offered and un-fried option but they don't. Then again, I didn't ask. Whatever they used to season the chips with was also very good and very flavorful. We then embarked upon the crabless-puffs. Nothing remarkable but for a creamy fried (Ughh) little puff, it was great. The "Green" salad was kind of blah compared to everything else we had, but it was fresh and organic and made me feel better about myself after munching down all the fried stuff. The service was super fast and friendly. I thought the pricing was dead-nuts. Even the bathrooms were cool! We can't wait to go back and try more things! We have a great appreciation for restaurateurs who actually pay attention to detail and take the time to develop a creative and super flavorful menu like this. Worth the drive, worth the money, worth our time = Five star review.
1	I was so pissed off.I ordered the Coronado Enchiladas, the special they had last week. They were awful. If I wanted undercooked tortillas with a veggie filling, and taco bell sauce, I could go to Taco Bell. But nontheless, I paid $9.And they did not replace my crap food for free. I ended up paying $17 total for the Mongolian... Which is good, but not $17 good.Make sure that you are going to enjoy what you get, because them not owning up to shitty food is a bad idea.
5	This place is awesome!! One of the very best vegan restaurants I've ever been to. Rivals Gobo and Blossom in NYC. This put Phoenix on the map for me as a place that veggies can live!
5	I am a huge fan of eating meat. I am by no means vegetarian and don't try to be. My fiance had to practically drag me in this place and it is AMAZING!!! I have eating here numerous times and every item is fantastic. I can't even tell their chicken isn't actually chicken. Their secret barbecue chicken is fantastic. I keep finding myself coming back here again and again to try something new. I recommend Green to anyone who likes good food which I think is everyone.
5	would it be too brief to simply proclaim "best place ever!"? ok, fine.  how about elaborating by saying order thee green salad and the kung pao bowl or some "wings"?  they are so good, you'll thank me later.  you dont' have to be vegan to appreciate the yummy-ness.
5	Great gem in Arizona!!  Their po'boy sandwiches were delicious and a great value for the price!  I was in AZ for 9 days and ate here twice!! So good!! If you love American comfort food this is the place to go!  This place is 100% vegan.
5	I just made the switch to vegetarianism a few months ago, and have been scouting out some decent cuisine when I stumbled on Green today.  I ordered the Spicy Po Boy, and damn if it wasn't the best Po Boy I've ever had!!!  (vegan or otherwise).  Casual unassuming atmosphere with a bit of a beatnick vibe.  I will definitely be going back to try the "Drunken Chicken" along with a Tsoymami desert!
5	My wife and I share the crab puffs and two of the sandwiches. All were great and we hand an outstanding dining experience. I'm just sorry I didn't try the wings - next time.
5	I am not going to pretend I am a vegan anymore.  I look like a hipster, I smell like a hipster, and occasionally I eat like a hipster... so I have to eat some vegan stuff once in awhile.  I know that my vegan friends will not judge me for eating delicious little animals if I go with them to Green once in awhile.  When Thai food and salad bars are not enough, Green picks up the ball and paves the course for the future... providing a comfortable and hip atmosphere, great service, and mouthwatering delicious stomach stuffing.  I have eaten everything on the menu, and there is not a single thing on it I wouldn't order again, which I cannot say for any other eatery in the Valley.  But if I had to suggest something to a meat-eater that is venturing out into unknown territory, I would recommend "Thee Argentine Po Boy".  If you were raised by American McDonald's junkies like myself, and you are trying to change your eating habits, and you love to eat that ice cream cone after your McFeast, then feel free to hoof it over to Nami next door and satisfy the sweet tooth as well.Thank you Green for making me feel a little less 1950's America in a ever-evolving world.
4	Love this hipster hangout. Great to go to a place and be able to everything on the menu. No meat to be found. I had the curry and my friend had the mongollion bowl. Delish! And afterward be sure to visit next door for some vegan sweet treats at Nami.
1	Disappointing overcooked tofu cubes.  Food did not appear or taste fresh.  Will not return.
5	This place is amazing!!! Great menu selections, so great that I wanted to try everything.  I tried the vegan crab puffs and they were super yummy.  Trying the pizza next!
5	I am a vegetarian who is also allergic to dairy.  If you have an allergy, you understand how annoying it is to go out to eat places.  With Green, I don't have to worry about this.  The best part is, the food is amazing!!! I literally crave this place at least 4 times a week.  If you go, you must try the fake chx - I think I am addicted. I should honestly go to FCAA (Fake Chx Addiction Anonymous).  Don't forget to top the meal off with a tSoynami - absolutely TO DIE FOR!  Thank you Damon for creating such amazing food.  One complaint... BE OPEN ON SUNDAYS :D
5	There's nothing better than a bunch of spunky vegetarian restaurant people. So, the people were great and helpful when it came to my first-timer questions about what to order (vegan gyro, singapore noodles) for the hubs and me, and plain lo mein noodles for the kiddo. My concern always about a serious vegetarian place is that they skew snobby, rather than populist and happy. Green is the latter. Go Green - nice work! PS: yes the food is awesome. Just eat here, even if you like meat.
5	Love love loved it! I've had the opportunity to sample their food at local festivals but this was my first time to the restaurant.  Seating options include inside and two patios- a louder one off of 7th street and a quieter on at the back of the restaurant.  We ordered the hummus and the chips were perfect accompaniments.  We also spilt the secret BBQ chicken sandwich. Okay this is where I tell you that I am not a vegetarian but thought this was amazing! Also ordered a side of the curry past salad- good add on.
5	I was brought here by my team at work and was truthfully afraid I'd starve (I'm not a vegetarian). The environment was fun and inviting and I ordered the "Big Wac" and would you know, it was much better than the Big Mac! Five stars because this place is truly awesome!Caution on parking, though, there's not much of it and a lot of people don't seem to know how to negotiate the lot.
3	I love Green, but my stomach doesn't.   The last few times I have eaten here I have left feeling greasy, bloated, and fat.  I think this proves the point that JUST BECAUSE ITS VEGAN DOESN'T MEAN ITS HEALTHY!!  I wish Green had healthier and freshier options.  Maybe some kind of local quinoa salad?  Interesting daily soups? Their salads are pretty pathetic, with their "mixed greens" resembling something that came out of a bag from Fry's.However, Green IS delicious.  I would classify their hot wings as one of  my favorite foods ever, and I am always very happy whilst eating their creations.
3	Kudos for offering tasty vegan delights and meat alternatives to satisfy that occasional craving. However, the food here is quite greasy and not necessarily healthy. I ordered the Argentinian Po Boy and it was drenched in oil. The beef seitan was literally dripping in fat, and the peppers and onions were stir fried in far more fat than necessary. I also ordered the spicy peanut chicken seitan salad. The greens could have come out of a bag, the chicken seitan was oily beyond imagination, and the dressings were 99% oil.The single dollar sign price rating is misleading. This place is EXPENSIVE because the portions are very small. You would expect a Po Boy to come on a decently sized bun, however what I received looked smaller than a basic hot dog bun. It tasted great, but the portion size and high fat content made for disappointment. While I am a vegan, I eat a very low fat and healthy vegan diet. Although tasty, the food here is prepared with an obvious disregard to basic dietary common sense. Don't come here thinking you are eating healthy - you are not. However, on those occasions when you want a greasy meal without the meat guilt, this is your place. I would not recommend eating here on a regular basis unless you are prepared to ingest a lot of vegetable oil with its negative consequences.To the owner and chef - why don't you offer a healthy, low fat menu to those of us who don't want our vegan meal to contain more fat than a quarter pounder with cheese and fries? There isn't even an option for low fat salad dressings. I fear for those who come here thinking they are eating a healthy meal. Vegan /= healthy here. Why three stars? Because I enjoy this place on those occasions when I want a greasy fix without having to eat meat or patronize an evil fast food chain restaurant.
5	If you have a hankering for pure vegetarian food in Phoenix, then this is probably the default restaurant.  We are all veg in our house, and my son's a picky eater and also a homebody, but he loves to come have their veggie burger and fries.  While I can't name all the dishes I've had there, I can certainly vouch for the BBQ chicken sandwich and burger, and I've only had one dish there that didn't excite me, but that's a pretty good track record considering the number of times we've eaten here.  Love the atmosphere here and enjoy occasionally sitting with people we don't know at the bigger tables.  As others have said, there is very little parking.  We've always been lucky and found a space, but if you can bike here, then I highly recommend doing so (so there is more parking for me).
4	I'm not a vegetarian (anymore), but when I was the Tempe location was a regular haunt of mine. I loved coming in with groups of friends and ordering a variety of things off the menu and sharing. I've had almost everything. I was so excited when someone told me Damon was opening another location right in my neighborhood. It only took me all of 2 days to go in and get some grub.  Sometimes when restaurants open 2nd or even 3rd locations, they have a hard time keeping the food quality and service consistent, so I was worried about that on my first visit. This new location had no problems with either though.  The servers were all very nice and friendly and the quality of food was just as fresh and delicious as I remember it being at their Tempe location. My favorite items are the spicy "g" po-boy, the thai peanut bowl, and the ranchero salad. All of the menu items are reasonably priced and portioned big enough to share with a friend. Try their buffalo "wings" to start. They're delicious!The parking can be a big pain in the butt sometimes. Most of the businesses along 7th street have very small lots with limited parking, so just to be safe I would recommend parking down one of the side streets if you plan on going in around dinner time.And to all you Meat Eaters... don't be scared to come in and try it out. I have taken the pickiest of carnivores in here and no one has ever been disappointed with what they ordered.  If you're unsure about what to get, I would recommend getting something with "chicken" in it your frist time in. The flavor and texture is consistent with that of real chicken. You will not be disappointed, I promise.
5	I love this place. Cute, urban and the food is outstanding!
5	So tasty I ate here twice when I was in Phoenix only two days.  They have a separate menu that lists gluten free options, which was nice.  I loved the selection of sweet limeade, berry lemonade and some tea beverages that come with free refills.  The artichoke gratin dip was AMAZING.
5	I've been wary of restaurants labeled as vegetarian dining. Often, you're limited to the choice of a dry pita with hummus or a plate piled with as many random vegetables as the chef could find in the kitchen. Green changed my mind.The environment at this location is a lot more laid back than the Scottsdale location. The plentiful space and open garage door give it more of a laid-back feel than an overly-trendy one.The food is what really snagged me, though. Simply put, their food is delicious. I love not having to worry about what they fry X in or if X has a chicken broth. It's all vegan! Green doesn't sacrifice flavor for adhering to vegan protocol, though. Making their menu really stand out is their meat substitutes. Instead of solely featuring the classic and somewhat bland soybean and tofu pair as proteins, Green also has faux beef and chicken, as well as vegan cheeses and burger patties.Speaking of their burgers, their Green Burger is seriously the best burger I have ever eaten in my life, meatless or meat. 7th Street is a bit of a drive from where I live, but it's worth the trip just to get a Green Burger. I always get mine with their thyme fries - another favorite of mine. What they're doing, they're doing right.
5	Absolute greatness!!!Service: friendlyFood: TRY the faux chicken wings (I crave this)Kung pao noodlesVegan chilli friesAmbiance - A+Tip: don't order the faux chicken wings Togo. Soggy experience plus they add the carrots, cucumber, celery in the box and close it. Equals the case of raw cooked veggies. Go next door to nami for dessert!!
5	There are not enough starts to tell you how I truly feel about this amazing restaurant.I am not a Vegetarian, and I LOVE this place.  The food is amazing.  The quality of the ingredients is second to none and the flavors are addicting.  I started a new job down the street from the 7th street location 4 weeks ago, and I think I've been at least twice a week since.  I'd be there every day if I could afford to eat out every day :-)I've never had a bad meal, bad service or a bad experience.  I have been going to the Tempe location since shortly after they opened.  There is no difference in the food from one location to the next.  The only down side is the parking situation at the Phoenix location.  But for this food, I'll drive around the block til a spot opens up, THAT is how good it really is.
4	I love Green and this location is so much more convenient than the Scottsdale location. My only gripe is the hours. I feel like they close too early and should be open on Sundays too. Give me MORE Green please.
4	My second time at Green (the first time at their Scottsdale location).  I tried the Diablo bowl with crispy tofu and noodles.  Great flavor and LOTS of tasty veggies (eggplant, broccoli, peppers, onions, carrots, zucchini) but lacking in noodles.  Still left full and satisfied though.  Was disappointed that they only have bottled teas/juices and no soda (Scottsdale location has a soda fountain).  I'm not even that big on soda, but I have one Diet Coke with my lunch each day so if it's not available - or heaven forbid, Pepsi products only - then I get disappointed.Overall, a tasty meal, and I look forward to trying other items on their menu.
1	Have tried twice to visit this restaurant.  Never able to find parking.  Hopefully will be successful one day!
5	I was first introduced to Green through a friend who had her birthday dinner catered by Green and later visited the Scottsdale Road location.  This was over 2 years ago.  Soon after, I learned that Green was opening a location just down the street from my home in Phoenix.  This is by far one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  I have yet to try everything on the menu.  The service is always friendly, the drinks are always refreshing and the bathrooms are always clean.  If you Like Green on Facebook, you can stay up to date with the specials that Green has to offer and at which location.
4	YUM!Some of the best buffalo "wings" I've ever had!We got the "No Harm No Parm" and "Secret BBQ Chicken" Sandwiches.Everything was delicious! Even though I was getting full, I HAD to finish!Also, they have awesome restrooms.. I don't think I've ever commented on this before, but their's were really nice.
4	Lovely place in a location on 7th Street around a bunch of other cool little places to eat. I was there last weekend and had their mock buffalo chicken sandwich and it was messy but great. They use a great bread for the roll and it comes out literally burning hot so wait 2 or 3 minutes before you dig in and have plenty of napkins. They also do a variety of vegi and mock meat stir fries that I've had at their other location and though I've not had them their vegi burgers look amazing.Parking can be a bit of an issue if it is busy but the place draws a wonderful eclectic crowd, sort of the same group that you might say, see at a showing of an independent film. Oh, and I especially like the fresh teas, lemonade, and  ginger drink that they have available and the ice maker has a wrap around of face pictures of the rapper ice cube, how cool is that baby!I hope that one day they open another location near Mill avenue, I think it would do well and I would eat there on a much more regular basis! Bottom line, give it a try and the other thing, the boneless mock chicken buffalo wings, good stuff!
4	Really good vegetarian food. The spicy po boy is delicious and so are the chilli fries!
5	This was my very first visit to a vegan restaurant. I was so thrilled to come here, I couldn't contain myself. The employees were nice, but they were busy. The people in the restaurant seemed a bit snobby, but I shouldn't care about them anyway. I am there to eat, not make friends. I was overwhelmed with choices. I went for the buffalo wings and the spicy chicken po' boy sandwich. My boyfriend got the Green Veggie Burger, and his sister got the no-harm chicken parm. We are vegan, she is not.The wings were by far my favorite! I think I will order them as a meal or to share though. Some reviews said the portion was small, but I couldn't finish them despite how delicious they were. My sandwich was pleasantly messy and delicious. The texture is truly fabulous as far as faux meat goes. Don't come here expecting gardein textures and flavors - it is the best of the best! A lot of people said it was greasy and oily. I am familiar with a low-fat diet and usually eat as low-fat as possible. Even though this is not health food (unless you get the healthier options), it doesn't feel heavy or disgusting like traditional SAD food does. There is a noticeable difference. The salt level could be taken down a notch, but other than that, this food is AMAZING. After going to Vegas and trying vegan food at restaurants here, Green is still winning as far as value and quality goes. I can't wait to go back, and Green will certainly be on my mind for awhile.
5	I love the Tempe/Scottsdale location but I have to say I enjoy this one much more. Feels a little less pretentious, a little more grown-up, and hopping next door to Nami for a Tsoynami and vegan dessert is unbeatable.I love everything on the menu and have always been impressed by the prices. Whether you're vegan/vegetarian or not, GO. I have brought several friends who are meat eaters and have since been back with them on countless occasions. The options are overwhelming. Their mock meat is incredible and all of their noodle dishes are loaded with an abundant variety of fresh vegetables. Great for a healthy lunch or dinner with friends.Even if you're not big on the food -- give soy soft serve a try and pop next door for a Tsoynami (Green's vegan version of a McFlurry or DQ's Blizzard). There are so many flavor options and they are all PHENOMENAL.No doubt if you try once you'll be back for more.
3	I really really want to love Green but I've been disappointed the past several times we've gone. I'm a vegetarian and it's awesome that I have so many choices and don't have to worry about meat hiding in my food when I go here. I'm sad because I used to be excited about Green but now I'm always wondering if the food will be good or not. I don't know what it is but the quality seems to have gone downhill recently :(
4	My favorite haunt, usually there 2-3 times per week. BBQ chicken sandwich could fool most any serious carnivore. Best thing to order is the daily special -- which unfortunately is offered less often than more. Brunch on Sunday, though not cheap, is good, especially the sticky buns. Again, get the daily special. Parking can be problematic, though you're sure to find hybrids and HRC stickers, so it won't sting as much.
4	Friendly, quick service.  I had an order of crab puffs, which tasted exactly like the type you would get at a fast food Chinese restaurant.  The parking lot here is lilliputian and narrow, so large vehicles beware!
5	Yummy vegan treats! Not the most healthy but tasty and meat free.
4	A hidden Tempe gem has opened up a store in cen Pho, and changed my lunch time landscape.The menu is the same, with sandwiches, salads, bowls and burgers. Prices are $7-9 for most items, a bit steep for the amount of food.The ambiance is contemporary with a minimalist eccentric interior and staff to with the piercings to match. My thai peanut bowl was good, the mock meat has a great texture, the sauce was strong but not overpowering and the noodles were cooked well.We also had the Mexican burger that was great other than that the bun was a bit too large for the patty.
5	This restaurant is inspirational!  Read on for details...It is a tiny little place which does a great job of circling people through.  You walk in and up to the counter where you order from the overwhelming menu!  The menu is adorned with specialties and allows for much personalization in most dishes.  I do recommend starting with their famous wings!  They are quite spicy but the sauce is exquisite.  The crab rangoons are also a nice, refreshing twist on the Chinese deep-fried goodness... these appear to be baked and come with a really light dipping sauce which packs a bunch of flavor.  For the main courses, the menu is overwhelming!  I have tried the buffalo chicken sandwich which is their same spicy-amazingness sauce in the wing appetizer and comes on a submarine roll (which is a little too large for my fancy but filling all the same- I just opted to pull one half off of it).  I have also opted for something named with diablo in it-you can order it with rice or noodles (i opted noodles) and you can pick your choice of meats to add in.  This dish was swamped with veggies!  The flavor was an explosion! If you made it through the first part of the review, please note that everything I have talked about is completely vegan/vegetarian!  That's right... everything is made of textured soy and mushroom to create a meat-like product for the dishes.  I have even "tricked" people into eating this food without them even knowing they are eating meat substitutes.  That's right!  Full-on meat eaters who would never order a dish at this joint were raving about the tastiness of their meals!If you order to go, you are given wooden utensils and smart packaging... which I love.  portions are generous and you won't leave hungry...  I would even venture to say that an appetizer and meal by your lonesome is too much food!  You must be with others to indulge in both courses (unless you want left overs).I am slowly making my way through everything on this menu.  I eat here for every single meal I possibly can when I work in Phoenix (almost weekly) so I will update once I have conquered.See my review for Nami, it's sister restaurant in the same parking lot... I am in the LOVE!
5	A new place for vegan with so many options! I will be back!
5	Love. So great.I had the secret bbq chicken sandwich- mock chicken with caramelized onions and peppers in espresso bbq sauce with vegan mayo and thyme fries. Hubby had the Texas mushroom po boy. Both really great tasting, soft bun- messy, good stuff! We also had the crab puffs- very tasty.I headed next door to Nami to get some iced coffees and a oatmeal cookie sandwich and peanut butter cupcake to go. Also totally fabulous! Will be back for sure.
5	We arrived shortly after 8:30pm to realized they closed at 9:00.  No worries as they were quick to say, "Come on in!"Prior to our arrival we didn't know if Green was a sit-down or counter service.  Upon entering we found that it would be a counter service experience.  Nice and laid back. I immediately loved the flow of the restaurant with the painted wooden tables along with tree stumps for some of the seats.  Patio dining is available but the far end also has a see-through garage door that can be opened up for open air dining too.Quick examination of the menu had me wanting everything.  It's so nice not to have to decipher which items are vegan and which ones aren't.  I settled on the Mexicali Burger.  However, when I went to order I noticed the special...."The Big Wac".  What?!  This is what everyone has been talking about in the Green Facebook Group. You see, The Big Wac is basically the vegan version of the Big Mac.  It's not always available and absolutely everyone was raving about it.  I made the quick switch, ordered the Big Wac with fries and my husband ordered the Kung Pao bowl.Did the Big Wac live up to the rave reviews? Yes, and more! Although I admit I was never a huge burger person even prior to going veg this may be one of the best burgers I've had in my life.  Seriously.  My husband's meal was also tasty but after a nibble of my burger he immediately wished he had gone for the Big Wac too. Partnered with the yummy thin fries I had the perfect meal.I can't wait to return to have another fantastic meal!
5	I absolutely adore Green and would probably eat there every day if given the opportunity. The staff consists of a crew of heavily pierced and tattooed alt-hipsters, who are typically very helpful and pleasant. They are always willing to explain a menu item. I've taken lots of non-vegetarians there and most have wanted to return. Their buffalo wings are the best to be had in Phoenix, hands down. I love the "Original G Po Boy," which features the buffalo wings front and center. And the thyme fries, oh jeezus. I tend to stick with the sandwiches, and I've never had anything I didn't like.The ambiance is great, too. In cooler weather, they roll up the delivery door, which opens up a full wall of the restaurant to the outside world. It's nice sitting in the clean, modern setting while overlooking the 7th street traffic. Very urban and cool. The artwork, which is in constant rotation, is also something to be seen. I loved the NWA-themed stuff they had when they opened. Excellent food, excellent experience.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE Green! I would easily become a vegetarian if I could afford to eat here for every meal forever. The mock chicken is fantastic, I can't get enough of it, the texture is amazing. I like it way better than actual chicken, no other mock chicken can compare. Try the buffalo wings, samosas, krab puffs and curry with mock chicken, TRY EVERYTHING. And don't forget the vimto! Then head next door for some delicious pastries and tsoynamis!
5	We've gone here a lot the past couple months, and I have to say that they have really stepped it up! The Argentine Po'boy is a favorite of a lot of people here (including me!) but if there's a special I have to try it, and it's usually amazing. The Citrus Chicken sandwich was sooo good. I can't wait until they have it again! Also, my boss NEVER eats fries but she has to get the thyme fries every time we go here because they are awesome and perfect even for takeout. I'm really happy! It's a favorite of ours now!
5	WOW! I went with high expectations because of the reviews. I was not in the least disappointed. The food was absolutely amazing. To top it off the service was great as well. The girls were so friendly and inviting. Cant wait to go back tomorrow.
5	Amazing food!!  Is it me, or has this place gotten even better lately??  They even have a separate gluten free vegan menu, which is helpful.  LOOOVE the chili fries and the buffalo wings.  Favorites include anything with their chicken in it...the sweet and sour chicken is to die for.  LOVE that this place is next to Nami.  It's perfect...get our yums on here and then head to Nami for dessert.  The brunch is very good here as well.  Have I mentioned the buffalo wings?  oh myyyyy.
5	The staff is wonderful, and I love the secret BBQ sandwich with french fries. many non-veg eaters will enjoy this spot.
5	Bicycle-friendly and vegan, Green is one of my favorite places.  I ordered a Mickey sandwich with a side of faux Buffalo wings.  While that was being prepped, I ducked out to Nami next door and got a peanut butter and chocolate blizzard, non-diary treat.  It was obvious that I should eat the Nami first, because its the best.  That Nami was so delicious it made the whole meal a real treat.  Thanks to the cooks at Green and the folks at Nami I had a vegan feast fit for a peasant.   Cole slaw, french fries and tasty vegan meats layered between toasted bread of the Mickey sandwich, it was simply good.
5	I walked in last month on a whim and have become a regular; I am not in any sense a Vegan. However, the food is scrumptious, the service is excellent, and it is very good for my health. The space is very comfortable , open, and minimal. Lots of natural light.Highly recommend!
5	Great local vegan place. Try the chicken parm with curry pasta salad.
5	Staff is friendly and soy ice cream is amazing !
4	Berry lemonade and veggie burger w/Sriracha made me very happy!
5	Outstanding and fantastalistic comes to mind. Real good.
5	I love this place. I am not vegan but I must say the food here is great!! I have been back several times and each time the food is delicious!!
5	really delicious.
4	I really enjoyed this place. Just passing thru, I didn't expect to find much in the area like it. All vegan. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The menu being American fusion is really diverse. I ordered the Red Diablo (with mock chicken) which was a pretty impressive asian stir-fry brown rice bowl. All the veggies were cooked perfectly as was the brown rice in a tasty sweet spicy sauce. Other options ranged from pizza to almost any typical sports bar styled sandwich such as Buffalo chicken or 'pulled' portobello mushroom. Pricing is fair; $7-8 for most main dishes. Check out Nomi next door for coffee, tea and plenty of vegan deserts, too.
5	Love this place. Have been coming here regularly for the last few months. Even though I am not a vegan/vegetarian anymore, I still love the food. I usually order the Mongolian with crispy tofu and brown rice, but have also had a couple of other menu items that have all been good. Their french fries are TO DIE FOR. Seriously... it's the kind of thing you have sexy food dreams about.The staff are always pleasant and helpful, and the space is always clean and welcoming. I will continue to come back here for sure.
4	I kinda expected the drunken mushroom chicken bowl to have broth in it because of the title? upon further review i realized my mistake. It was just better than okay for me (the vegan chicken was yummy but the rest lacked the flavor i was craving.)the meatball po-boy was quite good (as were the fries)(see my reviews of the other green location and nami for more about the menu)
5	This location is a bit smaller than the other one, but the food is just as good. The woman at the counter was very friendly and helpful, without being cloying. What can I say? Lots of delicious veggies, natural beverages, and vegan and gluten free options. What's not to love?
4	delicious vegan food! i always have to eat at green every time i am in phoenix. this time i had thee argentine po boy. it was great! the staff is always so friendly here, too.
1	So today I tried the downtown location. I'd only been to the Tempe/Scottsdale location before and had really liked it, even though I'm not vegan or vegetarian. Well, I don't know if it was this location or if the restaurant has changed that much but it really wasn't good. Not at all. The Green Burger that I'd eaten at the other location was phenomenal. I've lived with vegetarians for years and have tried a lot of vegan and vegetarian food and have never cared much for it (unless I was preparing it) but the Green Burger was amazing.  It was a house ground and packed oats & barley veggie burger with fresh lettuce and tomato, vegan mayo, ketchup and pickles (per the website). When I tried to order it today, it was no longer on the menu. I was told the menu had recently changed and the patty is now different - even though the Green Burger is still listed as a menu item on the website. This new burger is just awful. It's much smaller and it's soy based and tastes worse than a Boca patty. If I wanted a crappy little frozen soy patty, I wouldn't pay nearly ten dollars for it... The fries, which were also amazing at the other location were nothing special here either. They are supposed to be seasoned - they are called "Thyme Fries" so I expected some, I don't know, thyme?  Nada - no seasoning whatsoever. They were good but just plain old fries. It wasn't just me. My husband who has 16 years of vegetarian/vegan experience and who really enjoyed the Argentine Po-Boy previously just looked at me and said "no bueno".  It was mostly bread with hardly any filling in it.  Much different than the other location.Between apps, sandwiches and a couple of iced teas, it cost nearly $50 for lunch for my daughter, husband and me.  Totally not worth it. I'd go to the Tempe/Scottsdale location again if I knew for sure the Green Burger was available, otherwise I can't see myself returning.
1	I often visit the Scottsdale location and just love it, so I was excited to try the downtown location. I ordered my favorite dish: kung pao mock chicken. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. It wasn't even close to as spicy as it should be and the brown rice was severely undercooked. I will definitely give it another shot, since I love the menu so much, but this particular visit was disappointing.
5	we normally visit the tempe location just down from our house. but being in this neck of the woods today, we stopped in for our veggie fix. the place is smaller than the tempe location and doesn't appear to have all the menu options, but the selection is still awesome. tonight, i had the chili fries and the po-boy with steak and a side of tahini coleslaw. all dishes involved are sitting happily in my belly even as i write this. who says vegetarians only eat side dishes of lettuce? this restaurant is just so darn great!entrees around 8-9 bucks....and they even have tons of dairy free desserts!
5	I am a big fan of Green Restaurant and frequent their other location pretty often. Since we were in the area last night, and I was jonesin' for some Green, we decided to try their newer location on 7th st. Parking is limited so we were lucky to have found a spot. The restaurant is smaller than their other location, but I still really liked the decor. It's simple and uncluttered. I noticed a few new menu items but since I'm a diehard fan of the diablo I went with that again. My husband ordered a "steak and cheese" with chili fries. He also opted for the tahini coleslaw on the side. I of course inhaled my food. As always, the thought occurs to me to save half of it for tomorrow but then it's so good I can't......stop......eating......My husband really enjoyed his fries and sandwich, and the tahini coleslaw was a nice refreshing change from traditional overly-mayonnaised coleslaw. I left with a full belly and a smile.
5	In an attempt to move toward a more vegetarian/vegan diet, my husband and I decided to give Green a try. We were both completely amazed at how good our meal was and are sure to be repeat customers. It was difficult to decide what to have since almost every item on the  menu looked delicious. I finally settled on the No Harm Chicken Parm with Thyme Fries and my husband had Wendy's Pickle with Tyme Fries. We both had green tea to drink. Our sandwiches were both delicious. This was my first try at vegan cheese and the faux mozzarella on my sandwich was delicious and added just the perfect touch. The tomato sauce was rich and garlicky and balanced out all of the flavors.  My husband took one bite of his sandwich and declared, "This is really good!" High praise from a man who eats everything but rarely gets excited by any of it. We both loved the bread our sandwiches were on and thought the fries were awesome.We will be back, Green, to try all of the delicious items on your menu. Next up: The Big Wack!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  The best place for vegans!!  The samosas rock.  It is so awesome that I can eat EVERYTHING on the menu.  The ice machine is hilarious.  GREAT.
4	I'm a big fan of the food at this restaurant. The "house" tofu is simply amazing, the food is generally great and the service is friendly and all that I need in a restaurant. My loss of star comes in because of the menu.There are some GREAT menu items, but unfortunately, the descriptions are seriously lacking. I ordered a "creamy" artichoke dip, which led me to think I was getting an Italian-inspired creamy artichoke dip. But what I got instead was an Asian-spiced watery artichoke dip that did not even try to be creamy. It was more like a spicy soup. The spicy soup was good, but it wasn't what I expected, and certainly not what was described on the menu. It's all about consistency, and unfortunately, they didn't deliver in this area. But, nonetheless, I will come back because the food is great!
5	First time every going to a restaurant that was Vegan and had a menu just for gluten free items. My friend is vegetarian and had been asking me to go try her favorite place with her for some nice meatless lunch. I was in heaven!!! Especially with the new year and trying to eat healthier it seemed as a good idea. I didn't necessarily get healthy of food but in comparison for fast food it was a lot better for you. I got a Big Wac...hehehe which as you can get the hint from the name it was suppose to be a Big Mac. Was much better. We also split the spicy buffalo "wings" which were phenomenal as well as a Pickle Wendy. A must try place for something different and yummy.
5	Some of the best , if not the best, vegan sandwiches I've ever eaten. It was a major personal disappointment when I switched to a mostly vegan diet that most vegan restaurants have limited, and frequently bland, sandwich options. This is not the case at Green. Sandwiches are flavorful, filling, diverse, and just plain ole' tasty.  The sides are ok, not bad but not spectacular like the sandwiches either. Service is solid, time from placing the order to digging in is good to great, decor is pleasant, and the prices are fair (~10 bucks for lunch if you get water to drink). All in all a sweet vegan option near down town Phoenix.
5	Loved the local feel of this spot and appreciated the creativity of the vegetarian and vegan menu.  The interior is well designed and I really enjoyed their display of artwork by local artists.  The food was fantastic and service was extremely friendly.  I'd recommend this spot for anyone who loves tasty food.
5	I've been coming here for years and showing all of greens glory to my friends. Damon is a complete genius and combines casual food and a funky atmosphere in a location you would drive by everyday without realizing it.  The bowls are awesome, I love the specials with catchy names. And tsoynamis! You own my soul.
5	I had the Hummus and Black Jack Pita and both were great. The hummus was really flavorful but the chips were a little over cooked for my taste but were not burnt. The pita was delicious. It wa a robust sized wrap and a pleasure to eat. The food is reasonable priced and the people are extremely friendly making for a really good experience. I will eat here when I'm in this part of town!
5	I LOVE the espresso BBQ sauce, so the potabella sandwich on wheat bun really hit the spot.  The hubby had the singapore orange bowl with rice and mock chicken, he said the flavors were really good (other than the mock chicken, it was his 1st experience with mock chicken and he is a real chicken fan, so you can't blame green for that)   Good prices too :)
5	Stopped in for the first time today. I got the Thai peanut bowl with brown rice and mock chicken. It was incredibly delicious, actually. I was very pleasantly surprised. Wish I lived closer! Very impressed.
4	Green changed their menu, and got rid of their 'green veggie burger' which was one of the only items on the menu that did not have processed soy. It was made with rice and veggies and beet juice and now it's been replaced with fake meat. I'm just bummed since it was my favorite and you could order it on ezekial bun for a healthier option. Okay, I get it, this isn't a 'health' restaurant -- it's a vegan alternative for fast food and whatnot, but a girl can dream.I have to say their fries are still my favorite and their noodle/rice bowls are delish. Uhhh and their fresh green tea/limeade/lemonades are so good. Mix them all up for the perfect beverage. Don't forget to go next door to Nami and get their vegan 'tsoynami' ice cream blizzard-style concoction and a latte (with coconut, almond, rice or soy milk).
5	Two Words: Big Wac. Not on the online menu but they do carry it. Best veggie burger I have ever eaten in my life! It puts the Big Mac to shame, best part is no formaldehyde like at McDonalds.
4	Had I known that eating vegan could be this delicious I would have stopped eating meat a long time ago. I had the Curry "Chicken" with veggies and it was absolutely delicious. Simple set up, quaint and unassuming Green New American is a breath of fresh air to the idea of eating vegetarian or vegan. I hope to see more restaurants like this turn up in the Phoenix area, where the possibilities of eating vegetarian is not so inconvenient.
4	Came here with some vegetarian friends that suggested it and had great experiences in the past. We were excited to check it out.I had the picnic salad and samosas. Hubby had the po boy, girls had the nuggs. All was very good. The Tamarind sauce with the samosas was a little sweet so I stress them without it. Great flavor.We were able to get a seat easily (Sunday afternoon), but when I pulled into the parking lot and got the last spot, I have to admit I was scared for a second. Especially because we were a party of 8. The bathroom was pretty cool.Ooh..and the buffalo wings....bomb!
5	The only way to get me to a vegetarian joint is kicking and screaming. No more. I can't do tofu, which is the main reason I don't go to these places. Here they have a mock chicken (and beef) choice. I was told it's mushroom and soy paste. Sounds horrible to me. Delicious. Added bonus was tamari in the sauce (gluten free). The bowl was with good veggies and brown rice. The flavor was great.
1	This was my first time there as I was visiting Phoenix on travel.  We ordered the Spicy Buffalo Wings and the Samosas for appetizers.  Thai Peanut Bowl and the Singapore Orange Bowl for food on recommendation of the cashier.  Very excited to be there and I tipped the cashier nicely upon ordering because she was so helpful with menu recommendations.I'm not sure what was wrong with the kitchen, but the Spicy Buffalo Wings and the Singapore Orange Bowl were unexpectedly very seriously oversalty, to the point of inedibility.  The other two items were quite excellent, the samosas were crispy and fluffy, and the Thai Peanut Bowl was very good, so I think the other people's five star ratings are probably spot on for their dishes.I'd forgive them the inedible dishes, except when my companion complained about the oversalty dishes, our complaints were treated quite poorly.  My companion then asked for some rice to cut the salt, but were told we would have to buy extra rice, which my companion did... it did not help.  I asked that at least the chef be informed or that someone check our complaints..., no one.   Maybe it was the cashier, I'm not sure; I felt that our complaints were not taken seriously, and we did not finish the inedible (oversalted) portions of the meal and I left hungry.While I would understand why people go there, it was an unsatisfying, and the complaint service was seriously lacking.
5	I read reviews on Yelp all the time, but it takes something special to cause me to write one.  Green's food absolutely blew me away.  The flavors and combinations are just amazing.  I was in Phoenix on business and ate here 5 times in 3 days.  The sandwiches are the best vegan sandwiches I've ever eaten, and the salads are great too.  Friendly staff and a cool atmosphere top it off.
5	So in love with this little gem! My husband and I come from California where you can find a vegan restaurant on every corner. After moving to Arizona I am happy that we have found GREEN! We ate at the Scottsdale location last night, and today during my lunch break I ate at the 7th St location! Both had the same great taste and quality! For any vegan skeptic out there...try GREEN before you try anything else...it will set a great standard of how awesome Vegan food can be!
5	I LOOOOOOOOOVE GREEN. I don't love their parking. Beware. Carpool if you can. DON'T PARK AT COCO'S. They sometimes tow. That being said, their food is DELICIOUS! Proof that vegetarian and vegan doesn't mean tasteless! Definitely get the fries, they're seasoned and pretty much perfect. You get a decent serving of them, as well. Brunch is served on Sundays, I've never been disappointed. The Biscuits'n'gravy is quite tasty.
5	I almost cried the first time I went to Green. For me one of the toughest things about going Vegan was having a place I could trot off to for something stupid like a hamburger. A place I don't have to feel empowered and enlightened just because I wanted to go out to dinner. Not all of us want to feel a smug self righteousness all the time  while we eat raw beets with a side of dirt. Sometimes a Vegan just wants a hamburger. Is that asking to much?! Not anymore. Thank you Green don't listen to the nay sayers. There stupid anyway.PS my meat lovin man asks to go here. So yep it's good to really good. Get the hamburger and thank me later.
4	I love being able to get vegetarian hot wings. Now I have no reason to go back to meat. As for the rest of the food, the chili is good, the mac n cheese is a little weird... but the crab puffs are tasty!It's a litle hit or miss on some of the food items with regards to their 100% meat duplication, but nothing is bad on it's own without meat comparison. I'd love to go back again!
5	Ugh I wish they could be next door to me and make me food everyday. Luckily both my jobs are close to their locations so I guess I shouldn't complain. But anyway, I love love love this place. I guarantee I will try every single thing on their menu but my favorites so far are their wings, the artichoke gratine and the drunken Mongolian. I'm not vegan but they would definitely make it easy for me to be. I will be returning for more, without a doubt.
5	Whoot! Finally an awesome veggie place that serves tasty mock meat and alternative fooooodddssss!I lament the fact that Vegas, which is a major city as well, doesn't have anything even close to this place. First off, the serve every vegan, vegetarian and organic eater alike, and the food is GOOD! So good, even my carnivore boyfriend liked it.I got the Thai Orange bowl with mock chicken, and he got the No Harm Parm chicken Po'boy. The Thai bowl seemed to be very popular since I saw nearly half the people in there with it, and it was very good, full of fresh veggies cooked perfectly and not at all soggy, with a semi-spicy sauce to die for, but only a few pieces of mock chicken. His meal, however, with the giant Po'boy and tasty potato tots was fricken AWESOME. I tasted his mock breaded chicken and nearly cried. It was like a biscuit covered in country gravy and soooo moist. They have really cool alternative sodas and organic lemonades- I got my favorite Zevia cherry cola and he got the cup (which you can go and choose from three lemonades, endlessly) and got the organic berry lemonade.The place is really cool too, but kinda hard to find if you have never been there, only because it is so laid back and not "HERE WE ARE VEGGIES". It's sign is very dark, but no worries, just remember it is right by Coco's. Parking is very tight, so I advise to park either at Coco's, or down the side street by Coco's in the residential neighborhood and walk.
4	Had the chicken artichoke salad and it was delicious, even though I kept wondering to myself...what the "chicken" concoction really was.  I did wait a ridiculous amount of time for my food...the cashier said to just go ahead, find a seat anywhere and they will find me.  They apparently looked everywhere except that little patio a few steps from the cashier.  :-(    Since it was a salad and not a hot entree...no harm done!  I will be going back.Since my first visit I have been back several times...service has been perfect and I really like this place ALOT.
3	I love the idea of an all-vegan restaurant. Green is all-vegan and so you know you can have a guilt-free meal. The food is mostly mock-meat versions of stuff like chicken parmesan, buffalo wings, etc. If you like greasy, fried food with heavy sauces and want to try the vegan version of it, that's what Green is good for. It tastes good, but I don't feel so great afterward.If you prefer healthy, clean organic food loaded with fresh veggies and minimally-processed, try Chakra 4 or Persian Garden Cafe.
5	the wife treated myself and her sister to another great meal at green restaurant tonight. i opted for the lemon pesto with house tofu, pan fried noodles. it was again, quite delectable. the pesto was plentiful and the tofu soaked that goodness right up. we again opted for the buffalo wings and i am always impressed at how damn good they taste! always a great food treat!
5	I will start by saying (based on the number of wing spots I've eaten at in my life) I NEVER thought I would write the following words.  THIS IS A GREAT VEGETARIAN WING!  Yes, I'm a purist but based on my fellow Yelpers, I had to give this a try. No - they don't look like wings but they are truly amazing, great flavor, with a nice texture.  Saved room for a chicken sandwich & loved it as well.  Friendly staff & nice open air locale.All you carnivores, give it a try - you won't be disappointed
2	Sadly, I think the last time I dined here was my last.  I always feel gross after ingesting items off of their soy-filled menu. So, I tried a salad and was utterly disappointed.  When it comes down to it, I'd rather spend my money on real food, not fake meat and fake cheese and fake this and that.  Keep it real...er...well, you just keep it.
5	When I traveled to Phoenix to visit a friend I expected little to no vegan restaurants. Green blew me away. First of all, vegan soft serve - I had the "Betterfinger" with chik-o-stick candy and chocolate chips, yum.Also tried the Wendy's chicken sandwich with their fries and that was delicious too! The atmosphere was great, the staff was really friendly and it hits all those vegan cravings!
4	We were surprised to the find out about this place; It was packed when we arrived for lunch on our way to SD. Wouldn't never expected there is such a great vegan place like this in Phoenix! The setting is very casual and the staffs are really friendly! We really like it! Too bad we don't live in Phoenix!
5	I am in LOVE with this place.  So far, I ended up going to this place three times the first time I visited Phoenix, and try to stop in every time I come to town.  The fakey buffalo wings were AMAZING! and you must hit up the brunch on Sundays.  This place made my dreams of vegan biscuits and gravy come true. The first time I stopped in for Sunday brunch, they didn't have any biscuits left (le gasp!!!), but one of the employees managed to find me some texas toast, and it was so amazing. The staff here is very friendly, the place is CLEAN, and the food is amazing.  Definitely worth five stars.
5	I'm not a vegetarian or a vegan (my husband is though), but their food is delicious and flavorful and a nice change of pace.  It can be a bit pricey, but I've discovered that if my husband and I each get a bowl and cups of lemonade we can keep it to about $20, which makes it much more wallet friendly for an impromptu weeknight dinner out.Their curry bowl with fried tofu and noodles is one of my favorites, it's spicy, flavorful and piping hot.  Also their buffalo 'chicken' wings are fantastic, and very 'meaty' and spicy!Tip: Avoid the pre-bottled sodas and drinks in the case, they are SILLY expensive.  Just get one of the cups for an in-house beverage (tea, lemonade, etc.) from the dispenser on the counter, they are very yummy and refillable.
3	If you are a full-time vegan who misses meat, I think Green adds welcome variety to your diet. If you prefer Middle Eastern, Indian, or "hippie" vegetarian/vegan, you will probably not like Green too much as their menu is largely vegan-ized items (they use mock meats and cheeses to create burgers, chicken wings, and the like) with heavy use of salty sauces, vegan mayo, and deep frying.The service and atmosphere are decent for any fast casual eatery and the place is clean as a can be. I've been many times, but the time between my visits is increasing each time.Please don't mistake the the words "vegan", "organic", "natural", etc. for "healthy". Green certainly has healthy items on their menu, but they also have tons of deep fried choices and something like half their menu is slathered in a rainbow of salty sauces.
1	Ever chug a gallon a water and still feel as if you're thirsty from food that's been over-salted?  That's exactly what happened to us. We checked out Green in Phoenix.  I must warn you, parking is a bit of a nightmare.  Very limited spots and fills up fast.  Standing in line to order was very disorganized and it took about 25 minutes to get our food.  I can understand waiting that long if you have a sit-down restaurant, but it's a pretty casual restaurant.  The wait seemed excessive.I ordered the Singapore Orange and hubby had the Original PoBoy.  We shared our meals and I'm sorry to say, I was under-whelmed and felt queezy from all the saltiness.  We drank tons of water thru the night and still had a funky after-taste the next day (YUCK!).I really wanted to like Green as I've enjoyed other Vegan restaurants.  I think they have way too many cuisines.  They serve: Thai, Indian, American, Italian, Greek & Mexican.  Focus on one or two and make them exceptional.
5	Better than expected. Def will return. Loved the calexico "burger"
5	simply irresistible!the big wac is the best vegan thing that you will ever eat in your life!  no lie!  just order it, you'll be happy you did.
5	This is a weekly spot for us to grab take-out from. The wings are the perfect substitute for someone like me who LOVES chicken wings but doesn't eat chicken. :)The bowls never disappoint-- we get the singapore orange and thai peanut regularly. Everything seems simple and not over-done but with amazing flavor. I always feel satisfied and healthy after a meal here. Service is super friendly and helpful for first-time orderers. The outside patio is a great spot to sit if you are eating in.
4	This is a nice place for vegans and vegetarian, for well missed fast and comfort food. My friends who are not vegetarian enjoyed food here as well! However, food here is generally salty, and mostly fried which is not the healthiest food option out there. However, I really enjoyed the buffalo wing with barbecue sauce (you have to specifically ask for barbecue sauce, and this option is not listed on menu), and the artichoke chicken salad. I wasn't too impressed with asian dishes though, which is understandable since that's not really their specialty. I would go back again but probably only once in a while when I crave for less than healthy indulgence.
5	This place is awesome! Everything I have tried is incredible! I love the spicy buffalo wings! The only thing that would make it better would be delivery service
4	I'm a confirmed carnivore. I admire my sharp, pointy canine teeth designed for ripping flesh off of a bone. I have an deep, abiding love for pastrami, ham and steak. Heck, I even like bologna and hot dogs-- the worst of the worst.But if there ever was a reason to "go vegetarian," it's in Central Phoenix at Green, who tout their cuisine as "New American Vegetarian." This means it isn't all ooky cubes of bland tofu thrown into some stir fry or thin Mung Bean Soup. It is, however, 100% vegan with gluten free options.Although Chef Damon Brasch, the mastermind behind Green, promotes his menu as "comfort" food, that may be a bit of a stretch. There's absolutely no substitute for, say, Shepherd's Pie, bacon or a roast beef dinner. Sorry. However, Green does have an attractive array of dining options that are very, very tasty, flavorful and filling.The Spicy Peanut Chicken Salad presents spicy peanut mock chickenover fresh greens, carrots tossed in miso vinaigrette and tortilla strips. ($6 sm/$9 lg). Very appealing.The Kung Pao Mock Chicken Bowl offers spicy ginger and garlic tamari sauce with crushed peanuts. Eight different bowls are on the menu with lots of veggies (of course) plus your choice of chicken, beef (mock), house or fresh tofu. Choose from either pan fried noodles or organic brown rice.Take your pick from nine different po- boys, sandwiches and burgers. The "No Harm Parm" po-boy features a breaded mock-chicken cutlet with tasty Mum's tomato sauce and a dazzling mozzarella cheese. But the bread ... you have to try their bread. Phenomenal. All these are between $8.50-$9 and come with your choice of thyme fries, fresh fruit, or an incredible dolphin-safe Tahini Coleslaw which will knock your free-range socks off.Green's cooler has a vast and delightful range of ice teas, sodas, mineral waters and flavored Kombucha that's a pleasure for any diner's palate. You'll never see Colonel Sanders, Ronald McDonald or Long John Silver in here--but during our visit we saw Hollywood's handsome Kal Penn of stoner flick Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle. (He must've had the munchies, dude.) He didn't find the legendary 100% beef hamburgers there, but he was in the right place for one fine veggie burger.
5	If you are a vegan or vegetarian I don't know how you don't live here.  The food is amazing here and you will feel like you are eating a juicy burger.  The berry lemonade is a homerun.
5	I've been to the Tempe location and when I found out the other location is near my house I was overjoyed!!! However, I am not overjoyed about the teeny weeny parking lot. Once the employees park their cars there are too far spots left. Because of the lack of parking we ordered take out. My husband who really enjoys meat loved the food here. Eggless egg rolls-thumbs upSamosas-thumbs upLemon pesto w/ chicken-thumbs WAY upMixed green salad w/ chicken-thumbs WAY upBuffalo wings-thumbs upBBQ bacon burger-thumbs upCan't wait to go again.
4	The argentine sandwich is do good!  So is the big wak!  The fries are also amazing and so are the drink options!  Appetizers were ok though.  The crab puffs and buffalo wings will never see me again... But the entrees have seen me twice and will see me a ton more times!
5	How have I not reviewed this place yet? I think I have eaten out here more times than anywhere else in the valley! Must try their fresh vegetarian burgers. The Big MAC is amazing and according to my husband (who eats meat) it is close and so much better than the real thing. I personally like the BBBQ burger the best. My advice get it w/ chili fries. Also dont forget to come on Sundays for brunch at nami,next door.
5	I thoroughly enjoy this place. The food variety is fabulous without being overwhelming. There are great healthy options mixed with mock bar food options and honestly all the options are fantastic. I love the atmosphere. The service is always quick, friendly and fun. I am a regular here and I highly recommend checking it out!The Artichoke Chicken Salad is wonderful, the chili cheese nachos are good, the Kung Pao with noodles and tofu is delicious. DO NOT skip the fresh lemonade or green tea. Honestly, it would be a big mistake! And I dare you to mix them...doooo it!
5	I never once thought that one of the best burgers I've ever had would come from a vegan resturant, but it does. I'm not vegan, or even vegetarian, but I've been to Green numerous times and while I've enjoyed many things on their menu, I keep going back for their "Big Wac", their version of the Big Mac, or "BBBQ Burger", their BBQ bacon burger. They're delicious! The texture and flavor is exactly that of the meat version of the items they represent.They have everything from healthy options that you would expect from a vegan resturant, to bar food style options like mock buffalo wings and chili cheese nachos.There really is nothing negative to say about this place. I can't even think of an "it might be better if...".This is definitely a must try! Make sure to hit up Nami right next door for coffee and dessert when you're done!
5	Great vegan place, been vegan since beginning of the 2013, and I have eaten at vegan places in Philly, NY, CA prior to becoming full vegan and Green New American Vegetarian is a great place in Phoenix!  Great food.  My wife and I enjoyed the wings both times we visited this establishment, we highly recommend (make sure they give you their vegan ranch!).  First time we were there we also tried a Po Boy and it was good.Second trip there, we had the Jerk Tofu Salad which let me tell you was some damn good tofu salad!!!  We also tried the Mac n Cheese and it was good in the sense if they did use nutritional yeast it wasn't overpowering, tasted like real mac n cheese but lighter.  We were hungry so we also ordered the samosas which were good, I thought the sauce needed more heat but that is just because I like spicy food.Next time we are in Phoenix we will definitely stopping in again!
5	Some familial vegetarians introduced me to this gem (I've no dietary preferences).  Short and sweet...it's extraordinary!Vegan buffalo wings?!? My military man/carnivorous husband says (guardedly) that these are the best wings he's ever had! And I agree...Not to mention the "Big WAC", Diablo Red Bowl, or Original "G " Spicy Po-Boy (Buffalo mock chicken). My soul mourns the fact that Green is far from my house and not open on Sundays.Those buffalo wings...seriously...they will blow your mind. I want them now!
5	The vegan Gods have spoken and have decreed: "Let there be Green". Far and away the best Vegan place between Los Angeles and East St. Louis, Green is beyond awesome. The Buffalo chicken wing & samosa appetizers rule.The original po' boy sandwich? Unbeatable. And just when it can't get any better, you head next door to Nami for the best freakin' desert treat you'll ever have.Green is keen.
5	I have this friend who loves meat.  I mean LOVES meat.  I convince her to meet me here for a meal and being the brave soul she is she gives it a try.  Now I've been here before and I know the food here is good but she's a skeptic.  She orders a burger and fries and the look on her face when she took that first bite said it all.  She was blown away how good vegetarian food can taste.If you like good food don't let the vegetarian scare you away.  Every item I've tried on the menu is amazing.
4	I go to Green on a regular basis, and no I'm not vegan or vegetarian. I've tried several things on the menu and all have been bursting with flavor. You really don't miss the meat, and they seem to do something special with all of their sauces as they all taste great! My faves are: - No harm chicken parm, this is better than most real chicken parm sandwiches that I've had.   - BBQ chicken, the sauce on this one is amazing!  - Coconut curry, full of veggies and potatoes - Blonde Alfredo - I don't have to take any lactaid to enjoy this alfredo, and I don't miss the dairy either!The counter staff is always really friendly and nice. I also like that they have fresh lemonade, limeade and iced tea. I would highly recommend Green.
5	Almost every time we come into Phoenix from my home up north, we stop at Green. It's hard to go from the quick, tasty grease of traditional American carnivore meals to vegetarian. Green makes it a little easier :). The Big Wac is amazing, tastes better than a Big Mac and I have convinced a lot of carnivores to go try it. A few decided to go full vegetarian after knowing they could still get flavorful, comfortable tastes without having to settle on just rabbit food or squishy tofu. There are a few thing that didn't tickle my taste buds (the kids mac&cheese, tahini coleslaw and crab puff dipping sauce). But everything else I have really enjoyed. LOVE the Spicy Peanut Tofu as does my tofu-hating brother, which is saying a lot. The No-Harm Chicken Parm is the best and the Original "G" and BBQ Chicken/Portabello Mushroom Sandwiches are incredibly tasty. I like to ask for extra thyme for my fries because yes, depending on the kitchen, I have noticed it can get be a little skimpy :/. Overall, if you're in the area and willing to try something different, try Green.
4	Food was great. My wife is Vegan (I'm not) we decided to give this place a shot. I'm very satisfied with my experience.  The people that work here are very nice and I could hear the cooks singing which made me laugh. I also like that they seemed very quick to clean the vacant tables (nothing is grosser than a dirty table, well maybe two dirty tables). One thing I will say is that the music was a bit to loud for me but I'm sure they would have turned it down if I asked.
5	"Vegetarian never tasted soo good"No really, I have been continually impressed. I have been here about 3-4 times and this place has yet to disappoint. SO let's talk about SOME of the things I've had:Spicy Buffalo "Wings"Chili FriesCrab PuffsEgglessrollsSamosasLemon Pesto (with noodles and chicken)Big WAC (play on the big MAC vegetarian style)Sloppy Joe (Soy Chorizo)I mean.. this place was soo good, I convinced my meat-loving co-workers to come with AND even they make requests to go back. That's when you know you are on to something.Let's talk about the people:FANTASTIC. They are patient, answer all of your questions, help you to explore the menu, sauces, sides. Don't like something.. no problem! They are happy to resolve (this hasn't happened to me, but they thought it did and pulled out the red carpet).The place is super cozy and cute. Most importantly.. you are in and out quickly and they bring your food as it is prepared. LOVE THIS PLACE!
4	Great place, some of the friendliest folks around, a wide variety of reasonably-priced choices, and some awesome presentations make for a wonderful place to congregate with your vegan / vegetarian friends... that is... if you guys can carpool as their parking lot is tiny. Who needs meat when there are places like this that use color, spices, flavorings, and lots of pizzazz to make their food stand out?
5	One of my favorite places for vegan comfort food! Love the new menu and creative specials.
5	We really enjoyed the vegan food here and thought it was well priced.
3	They call it new American because American's are known for fast food. Don't think you're getting healthy if you go to green, you're getting vegan American fast food. While I have enjoyed meals here time and time again, I must admit I only return for the scene and nami next door. My friend Cole and I shared a big wack and the wings but I enjoyed my beer most of all. Yeah, they serve beer here now :) I tried Mr. Pineapple a few weeks back and ordered this but Cole had no problem telling me it was light and not strong enough for his taste buds.. Who would have thought that the meat eater would be a bigger pussy than the vegan? It's okay though, I'm a girl who likes beer so I'll give myself a pat on the back for that. Anyway, after dinner we went next door where my friend Mariah served us up so vegan treats. I originally tried making up my own Tsoynami creation but after a few minutes I just let her surprise me. WOW was I surprised and pleasantly so. She made a strawberry cheese cake creation with nilla wafers and strawberries YUM. We also got a banana muffin with peanut butter frosting that was ORGASMIC. If you've got a sweet tooth and you're like me / try to stay away from dairy, this is the place to go!
5	This was great!!  Even if there were a lot of vegetarian options in the area.  I've been vegetarian my whole life.  Great variety!Will def go again soon!
5	I'm not vegetarian but I'm vegetarian friendly.  I'm no stranger to faux meats and tofu.  I've had the "chicken" wings a number of times thanks to friends but had never eaten at the restaurant.  I was slightly dubious about ordering the Calexico burger but I was glad I did.  The patties were described as "vegan" but as far as I'm concerned, they were made of magic.  For you Midwesterners, they reminded me those wafer-thin steakburgers you get at Steak N' Shake.  Delicious!  The fries were tasty but nothing special.  The lemonade was also quite tasty and not too sweet.
4	Great place if you're vegan and want some burger or sandwiches. Severs are helpful, choices are plentiful, and portions are reasonable.
4	Good overall just don't order the mac and cheese! Really, no, don't.
5	YUM!  This place is amazing.  I am not vegan anymore, but I still love cooking and eating vegan every once in awhile.  This place does it well.  Amazing flavors, great options, and Stronghold wine on tap!!  My birthday is this weekend and I have veggie, vegan, and gluten free friends, along with bachelor types that eat burgers.  I know going here will make everyone happy.  My only complaint... I wish there was one in San Diego!!
5	Love this place! If you're slightly hungry, share some samosas and crab puffs. The chili fries r great too - my daughter is vegan and I'm veg and we both loved the food and funky ambiance. Worth driving a distance for!
3	Good beer selection, so so food selection. I guess my gripe is that the food here is really just glorified healthier stir fried Asian food.  Props for offering textured protein as an offering (rather than just tofu).  The sauces are good, and the portions are decent.  It's just not the type of food I crave, possibly because it is so healthy.  Be prepared that the parking lot is terrible.  Drive the smallest car you can or carpool.
4	I am really surprised at how good the food is at Green. Considering I'm not a vegetarian by any stretch of the imagination I can't believe that I actually really liked it. I got the Kung Pao noodle bowl with mock chicken and it was delicious. The sauce was spicy and flavorful. The veggies were fresh tasting and not overcooked. And I couldn't believe how tasty the "chicken" was! I don't know what's it's made out of but it really did taste like chicken.They were super busy at lunch but they kept things organized and brought the food out pretty fast. I also liked all the healthy beverage options. I would definitely eat here again and any time I am asked for a vegetarian restaurant recommendation this is what I will say is the best in the valley.
5	Took my daughter today and it was a great experience. We got two Big Wacs and the Green Hummus. DELICIOUS! Super friendly staff. Wee took a short stroll next door and got TSoyNami YUM! Will definitely back very soon. I'm a big carnivore and this place is now a goto destination.
1	will not go back. when i visit asu  i always go to tsom or pomegranate cuz food is wonderful and great prices.  but today i decided to give this place a try.    i am a vegan who do not like fake meat. so i ordered the lemon and walnut bowl with brown rice. there was barely brown rice. and the veggies were all fillers veggies. ie zucchinis and carrots.   they put way too much oil which was a bummer cuz there was no rice to soak up. when i asked the guy how much rice do they put in a bowl he didnt know the answer. hmmmm. also the meal should have came with a lemon pinenut pesto sauce. ummm. i got lemon and oil sauce. i must have gotten a new new cook. what a shame.
4	I'm not from Arizona, but I had a few hours to kill before a flight and decided to explore beyond downtown Phoenix for dinner. Yelped "vegetarian" and saw this place, whose menu was reminiscent of one my favorite spots back home in NYC, Red Bamboo.This is veggie-friendly reimaginings of classic American comfort food. Po Boys. Egg rolls. Buffalo "wings." Some asian fusion-style bowls as well.The food was excellent. Service was quick - and very friendly (being a NY-er, I was a little overly conscious about taking up too much of the server's time, but they loved chatting!). EXCELLENT beer selection and wine on tap!And it was CHEAP, given the quality of the ingredients and portions. Since I knew I wouldn't be back soon, I wanted to sample a lot and the cashier warned me that I was ordering way too much food for one person (I did), but I went ahead and the bill was less $25 including a glass of wine. Really awesome, forward-thinking place. Made me reconsider my evaluation of Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale after a week there. Glad to see this kind of spot in Arizona and I hope it does gangbusters and inspires other similarly-minded businesses (I think it will - I was especially encouraged by the diversity of customers. Old war vets you'd expect to sneer at some fancy-pants non-meat, hearty salt-of-the-earth families, etc. Definitely not what you'd expect at a very urban-hip type place!)I then went to their sister vegan ice cream/coffee shop, Nami, which was excellent and I will review later.
5	This place is YUMMY! I used to be a Veggie and love the food still. I work downtown and have a ton of options for lunch but, I'm always wanting Green. I recommend the Thai Chicken Salad and the Po Boy Sandwich. The Po Boy is so SPICY but so bomb. You must go! I ordered the kid's chicken nuggets today and they are so good! :)
4	The thrill of having a whole menu to order from! Yummy little vegetarian place tucked away in a sort of ugly strip mall, and worth the trip. The salads are very large, and unsurprisingly very green, fresh, and full of yummy toppings. The menu has healthy vegetarian options and unhealthy vegetarian options, so everyone can be pleased. I particular like the Mushroom Po'Boy, a really nice take on the normal (and getting boring) restaurant standard of a portabella sandwich. This Po'Boy is full of a savory and solid flavor. The pesto stir fry bowl is also really yummy, what vegetarian doesn't love pesto?
4	Green, I'm so glad you've opened up a midtown location. In college, when I lived in Tempe, I'd frequent green very regularly. After I graduated and moved downtown, I'd drive myself over to the Scottsdale Rd. location as often as possible for the sweet and sour bowl, the smores tsoynami, and whatever yummy baked goods were fresh that day. So here's the scoop, for all of you soon-to-be enthusiasts. Green serves 100% vegan food. That means no dairy, eggs, gelatin, etc. However, their food isn't 'healthy'. That's not a dig-they do casual, 'comfort'-style vegan food that you'd be hard-pressed to distinguish as being vegan.  With mac and cheese, burgers, rice/noodle bowls, salads, buffalo wings, etc, green has a little something for just about any craving. After your meal, go next door to their joint dessert/coffee bar and snag yourself a tsoynami. Just. Do. It. The (few) downsides-They changed their menu a few months ago, and I was pretty bummed-some of the items that I loved and ordered regularly throughout the years were replaced. I was kind of disappointed when they first rolled out some of the new items, but it's definitely gotten MUCH better/consistent. I've gone with a few non-vegan/vegetarian friends, and while all of them have been pleasantly surprised with the food they've ordered, sometimes the staff hasn't been too keen on explaining things, making substitutions, etc. That's kind of a bummer. I feel like it's improved, though, and the Phoenix location feels less hipstery-'cliquey' than the green I first encountered five or six years ago. It's downtown. Parking is limited and tight. Carpool!
5	I've been a vegan now for about 15 years and have eaten at every possible vegan friendly establishment I could find in my travels.I can honestly say with no hesitation that in terms of good old comfort food done vegan that Green leaves every other place I've eaten at in the dust. This includes every restaurant frequented while living in Portland, OR which to many is some kind of vegan mecca. Get the Big Wac. Best vegan burger I've ever had.
5	One of my all time favorite veg restaurants in the Valley. The food is consistently delicious and the service is great. I just wish it was closer to my neighborhood in the west Valley.
5	I'm not vegan or vegetarian, the food is just that good! I'm always down to come here for a bite to eat because the food is always delicious and consistent. It's also a pretty big plus it's right across the street from where I live. I admit, I was a little iffy to try some of the things on the menu, however, I was never let down.
5	Great food!  Had the Bid Wac!  Deliciuos!  You would not know this thing is Vegan.  Fries were good.  Also had the cole slaw which was tasty.  Afterwards we went next door to their dessert place (Nami).  Vegan ice cream!  Yum!  If you crave that hamburger you might be missing, this place, the Big Wac, will help satisfy it.  Cant't wait to go back and try other dishes.
5	We love Green and have never had anything but a great experience at both locations, although 7th St is our favorite (better ambience).  We have tried most everything on the menu and loved it all.  Favorites are the buffalo "wings" (and the amazing dipping sauce!!!!!) and the spicy peanut tofu on a salad or in a bowl.  We have brought both vegetarians and meat-lovers here, and no one was disappointed!  They do a great job making fresh, unique, healthy, delicious food...it doesn't even matter if you care whether it's meat or not once you've had a few bites.  Green definitely deserves a spot on your Phoenix restaurant "favorites" list! (It's on mine! : )
5	This is the first vegan food I have had at a restaurant that is actually really good and not the typical weird vegan crap. It is the normal food you are used to eating made vegan! Love it! Wish they were closer.
5	Wow! I tried out some of their food at the Phoenix Local First Festival last year and loved the faux chicken wings. They were delicious. I had planned on going to the restaurant but had mostly forgotten about it until recently when a friend of mine had a birthday party there.I was so impressed! Everything was delicious. I had a little bit of everything at the table and enjoyed it all. I ordered a Po Boy sandwich for myself. It was tremendous! A little spice on the previously mentioned chicken wings. They had some truly stand out hummus. Absolutely incredible chili fries...I'm going back soon. So good!
5	I'm not a vegetarian but I loved this joint. Great food, good portions, good beer. Nuff said.
4	This place is great!  Heard about it from my daughter and it is now one of our top favorite restaurants.  I love the Big Wac.  I like veggie burgers already, but do indulge in a turkey burger once in a while.  The Big Wac is so good it can replace my turkey burgers :-).  You can have it with a side of fries, cole slaw or fruit.  I had the cole slaw with the tahini sauce...very good.  The portions are good but I didn't feel stuffed afterwards.
4	Excellent spot. All the food had great flavor. The service seems slightly unorganized but everyone is friendly. I'm not sure what coffee they use but it was delicious.
5	Went to the tempe one originally, but love this new location. much prettier (not a strip mall), with the same great food. the green burger with thyme fries is still my favorite. Keep it up!
5	I'm not a vegan/vegetarian, so this was a new thing for me and I loved it!  If this is clean eating, gimme more.  I've only eaten at the Phoenix location once and the Scottsdale location once.  I definitely recommend the vegetarian Big Mac thing, even though I'm not a fan of McDonald's.  The fries were delicious too.  I liked that they had a couple different kinds of teas and you can refill your drink with whatever you want (or buy the glass bottle drinks).  The atmosphere is trendy and fun, right in line with the food.  The staff and the other customers all seemed friendly, even the biker-dude eating on the patio.  I guess this kind of food makes you feel good about eating for once.  I wish we had a Green even closer to us in East Mesa.
5	Amazing  vegetarian food. Never knew vegetables tasted so good. I had the lemon pesto and the chili fries. Both are highly recommended.
5	Found this place on yelp. We were 5 vegetarian people looking for good veg food and this place didn't disappoint. I had red diablo and was really good. Try their imitation meat, it's really good. Highly recommend for vegetarian food.
5	Just so delicious. Better than equivalent restaurants that uses animal products. I loved it and I'm hardly a vegan!
5	So, I must admit that when I walked into this restaurant I did not really know what I was doing. As a recently minted Vegan my friends have been telling me to try this place. Figuring from their name, they'd have vegan options or at least items you could modify to be vegan. Upon looking at the menu the "Big Mac" grabbed my attention. It mentioned that it was a vegan burger but had cheese. "Why would they do this?" I asked my friend. "Why would they put cheese on a Vegan burger and make it un-vegan? Why even bother making the burger vegan then?" I queried. She then pointed to a section on the menu that described the restaurant. Much to my surprise, Green is a 100% vegan restaurant!Now, I didn't know what to get because everything sounded good, being Vegan. The waitress suggested we get the special they were offering that night, which they were doing for NYE 2013. The special included hot & sour soup, "egg" rolls, vegan crab puffs, BBQ "chicken" skewers, some baby bok choy, and some sort of vegan duck dish. I have never had duck so I have no basis for comparison. I must say, everything was absolutely delicious! The vegan crab puffs...I can't get over how good those were.They also have really unique drinks and they do offer beer and wine. I will definitely be back to this restaurant or their Tempe location.
5	This place is great. The food is delicious. Actually, I eat the Wendy's Pickle every single time, so really I don't know about the other food. But my partner's tried some other stuff and really liked it as well. Very reasonably priced, friendly staff. Love coming here when I'm in the neighborhood.
4	Great, hip and trendy place downtown. Loved the place, but didn't care too much for the food. That being said for what it is- mostly faux meat tofu specialties (as opposed to just healthy vegetarian eating, with minimally processed tofu perhaps), it's good. It didn't blow my mind, but I liked the place, the vibe, the social consciousness and the people.
5	This place saved my life while I was in Phoenix last weekend. It's hard being on vacation with people who are not Veggie or Vegan. I was able to escape twice and enjoy Green. The Big WAC is a must try! And make sure you save room for dessert next door at Nami.
5	Stopped in, while passing through on I-10, based on the Yelp reviews. It was a hit!  We had burgers, fries, the egg rolls and strawberry lemonades...zero complaints. Would go in all the time, if we lived here.
5	Wow. I'm not a vegetarian, but after biting into my first spicy "wing" the whole vegan, vegetarian lifestyle seems way more approachable. Those wings are epic; not for vegan wings, but for wings in general & that ranch? God, I could eat it with a spoon. I also ordered the Thai Peanut Bowl with house tofu and noodles. The portion is heaping and I would probably have had enough for lunch and dinner tomorrow, but it was all too good to stop eating  ...I'm slightly embarrassed. To drink I got the Kombucha Asian Pear and Ginger Sparkling Tea in the retail beverage case... Amaze. Everything excelled my expectations, which is hard to do when it comes to food. & the girl that took my order on the phone was sweet and helpful when I asked her opinion on which bowl she liked best. Now onto watching forks over knives... I'm inching closer.
5	What an AWESOME place !!! Dang I wish I can move in HAHAHA  It's awesome to get served vegan food that actually taste wicked good . This is differently my " SPOT " . If your close to me you know this ......P.S. Parking does suck sometimes tho , NO LIE
5	I've been to the other location and got confused, thinking this was that location!  What a different interior than the other; a lot more upscale looking, a nice patio, good beer selection.  But no big fat ice cream bar?  Or maybe I just wasn't looking hard enough.  Ah well, I just wanted good, not desert.Went with the Big WAC (second time having this) and buffalo wings.  Damn, eating that Big Wac makes me feel like a kid again.  So freakin' delicious.  And they have Teese vegan cheese you can switch out for Daiya (which I eat all the time).  Sweet!  My companion enjoyed his huge chili dogs and we split the wings, loved em.  What a great ranch sauce.  I'd be here all the time (other location too) if I lived in the area.
4	You don't have to be vegan to enjoy this place! The fries are a must,the "burgers" are all good here, and the "wings" are awesome. This place definitely has the hipster vibe. I recently had one of the po boys and the "steak" was kind of rubbery but the veggies and sauce was still good. Oh and you have to go next door to Nami to get dessert after!
5	I was in town visiting and decided to check this place out. I'm so happy I did! The food was amazing and staff was really pleasant. The buffalo "chicken" wings where addicting!
5	I'm not a vegan or vegetarian but my wife is and I love this place. For other meat eaters whos significant other is vegan or vegetarian this is the perfect place to go together.  She'll love you for taking her here and you can get the Big Wac burger which is basically a big mac but way better and more healthy. The staff has always been super helping and nice. And unlike other places if you admit it's your first time here they don't look at you like your a street urchin, but are excited and help you with the menu. 6 stars!
5	This place is AMAZING!  My (almost 18 year old) daughter and I are vegan, my husband and (also teenage) son are not.  ALL of us were happy with our food here.  We ordered the Big Wac (amazing) and the unegg rolls (also amazing).  My husband and I also enjoyed the Valentine's special ("beef" with fettuccine noodles).  We will be regulars here for sure.  :) I must try it all.
5	I'm a big fan of the crab puffs and big wac here. The staff is great and the food is always on point. The food comes out pretty quickly as well which is another plus. I still to have yet tried a lot of things but everything that I've tried has been awesome. The artichoke chicken salad is amazing!
4	We've always loved the Tempe location, and this one is also a great addition.Got the jerk tofu salad, hubby got the diablo bowl--both were as good as always. Would have liked more 'stuff'' in my salad (only has greens, carrot shavings and tortilla strips along w/the tofu) but it was my fault for not asking more to be added.Service was awesome; one girl in particular was especially jovial, helpful, always smiling and very personable. Another at the counter looked like she just swallowed a lemon and acted irritated or just rude at the mere asking for a condiment.  Maybe she was having a bad day...Overall we love Green and plan to come back when we're downtown again. The location is artsy and nice, limited parking is tricky but we made it work. ;)
5	I absolutely love this vegetarian restaurant. They have a wide selection of food to chose from and it's all so good. My favorite things to get there are the jerk tofu salad, the spicy peanut chicken salad, the green hummus and the spicy peanut tofu. You really can't go wrong with anything you order though. For those of you that don't even like vegetarian foods, well try this place because it will certainly change your mind.
5	Fake chicken parm & burgers were ridonkulusly delish!
4	We found this on our way to the airport. The food was delicious and fresh. I had Thee Green Salad which had Hearts of Palm, greens, tomatoes, etc. with a tasty dressing and the Samosas as recommended by the waitress...delicious and unique flavor.  It is a treat to find good, fresh, delicious food while travelling.
5	I'm not a vegan nor a vegetarian but I love this place. Their mock meats defiantly taste better than the real thing. I recommend this place!
5	This continues to be my favorite restaurant hands down.
2	First time I visited was so amazing, second time worst customer service ever!!!! cashier  ignored me and took another persons order I was standing in line behind the other two ordering then it was my turn I had thought but a group of three came in after the cashier looked at me and gave a smirk like she knew what she did.Needless to say I thought sb 1066.5 was being used so I went across the street to Rice Paper and had the most delicious meal (firecracker shrimp one of the hits) I have ran several restaurants, terrible experience today at Greens.
5	So delicious!! We had the Big Wac, samosas, and the bbq salad. It was all fresh and wonderful.  The service was really good too. We will be back!!
5	When I told my friends in New England that I was moving to Phoenix, AZ everyone said the same thing "you've got to go to Green!" The coast-to-coast reputation is well deserved; vegan comfort food at its finest. The downtown Phoenix location is even better than the Tempe one with Nami, the bakery right across the street. Service has always been good when I've been in as well. Even if you're not vegan/vegetarian you should stop in.
5	I never knew how exceptionally good vegetarian food could be until I had it here.  They truly knocked it out of the park, for me.  One key trait that separates a great restaurant from an average one is whether they are consistent.  And my dining experience here demonstrated that.I've swung by here for lunch and brunch on separate occasions.  During my first time, I took a stab in the dark and went for their Thai Noodles with "Chicken."  Boy, did I order right.  The noodles were perfectly cooked al dente! The "chicken" had great texture and taste.  The veggies were cooked firmly and evenly.  The freshness of all the ingredients made the biggest difference!  The sauce that glazed all over was on point! Everything was balanced nicely.  As for brunch, the fiancee had their "eggs" Benedict and I had the breakfast burrito.  The Benedict was just okay, we thought.  The "ham" that came in it was on the rubbery side.  The burrito was definitely much better.  What stood out from both dishes was the "egg." Although it didn't quite taste like an ordinary egg, it certainly appeared like one given the texture and color.  The tortilla tasted non-gluten while the potatoes and "sausage" were cooked nicely.  I wish I lived closer as I would frequent more often.  I certainly hope they expand.  This is truly a hidden gem in my book.  7th St. & McDowell Rd is not known for being a food area but a trip here is definitely worth it.  Parking can be challenging, so if you can't find one, go into the neighborhoods on the south side and park on the dirt lot (you can't miss it) or by the curb.  It is minutes away from Downtown and the I-10 freeway.
5	Love green, delicious food... whats more to say... could eat here everyday if I had the funds... big wac yumm!
3	The first few times I tried this place, I would've given it 4 stars. However, the saltiness aspect makes me detract a star. I love their faux chicken (seitan? Soy?) and I usually get the original g spicy po-boy sandwich with the thyme fries (that don't taste like thyme but are still yummy). Big WAC and the BBQ sandwich are both winners. I stay away from the bowls, the food always seems to get cold quickly. I like their samosas and chicken wings as well. Please cut back on the salt, people! As much as I love savory foods, it's really too much. Otherwise, service is always top notch and the place is always busy. Parking can be an issue at times.
5	Vegans get a bad rap. People seem to think all we eat are sprouts and vegetables. We eats so much more and it is outright delicious! Green is the best example of vegan comfort food! They even serve beer! Even if you are not vegan you totally have to try this place. Excellent food, friendly staff as well as a really enjoyable atmosphere. Try the por boy sandwiches as well as the great appetizers. The chicken wings are my favorite! You forget that they are not made out of real chicken.Love this place.
5	Let me say my peace to the Mock BBQ Chicken:What yum wizardry was this? Medallions of mock chicken stuff so superly slathered in delicious espresso BBQ sauce. Accompanied, of course, by flourishings of sauteed onion slices and red pepper magic. Face, marauded with tasty sauce. Mouth, accosted with the deep and boisterous flavors, the tantalizing textures of this feast.And the side, the joy of the coleslaw? The cold crunching cabbage of fine and seasoned tahini company? Scrumptious with honors. The lost tummies of yore are gnashing their teethy parts, they're wailing and weeping at the heavens for not having been born in times as these; these moments where one could get the secret BBQ chicken sandwich at Green. Oh, dear eater, hast thou had such an explosive endeavor upon your tasty tongue buds? Have you dined upon such sorcery as is this so noble of sandwiches? I say nay, I say too that you must. These are the songs of my taste buds and to these songs you should harken and heed. Have.... the Secret BBQ chicken sandwichThe sweet limeade is yumy too!
4	We love this place. We go here all the time to meet with friends and it is an awesome place to hang out. I always get their Ranchero Salad and a burger or sandwich. My top favorites that I recommend is the Big Wac and Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich. Their Thyme Fries are the BEST!I am Asian that grew up on home-made Asian Foods, so I don't think their Asian bowls are that good. I use to get them and I would ask for less sauce or sodium because I thought it was a bit salty. Besides that, I love their food. I love the thought and design. I always think of inviting friends because it is so cool inside. I love how the artwork changes all the time. This place really makes vegan food appealing to those that are spectacle to the idea of vegan food. I am thankful that they are closer to me now since I live in North Phoenix! I go as often as I can!
5	Love love love love absolutely love this place. Best vegan/vegetarian ever,  hands down. I got my family to eat vegan food. The meat "imitation"....  they couldn't tell. Haha. Chicken, meat or sea food. Nope. Not at all. My cousin said " what? this isn't real meat? This is awesome." HahahaI come here for dinner and nami which is next door for brunch :) my favv.I always come back.  Always.
5	Delicious food, great prices! I am not vegan and I LOVE their food! Cant wait to go back!
5	Great food, service and vegan options. Love this place!!!
4	I love going here and get suckered into going to Nami next door every time lol can't resist. Friendly service and clean
5	This place is absolutely fantastic. I was on vacation in Phoenix and randomly found this place by googling vegetarian restaurants and I was completely blown away. The food is top notch.  For an appetizer I had the buffalo wings and they were a perfect combination of spicy and savory.  I also had the the secret BBQ chicken sandwich and it was probably the best vegetarian chicken sandwich I've ever had. Being from NYC I've been to many vegan/vegetarian restaurants and I can honestly say without any hyperbole that this place is better than any place in NYC.   Do yourself a favor and go to this place now!
4	I had only one night in Phoenix to catch up with one of my oldest and dearest friends and based on reviews and the menu, I decided to go to Green Restaurant. Green is a 100% vegan restaurant that features new American-style comfort food. They also try to use organic ingredients when possible. But, it was really the chef's statement on the website that made me want to visit. It is owned by Damon Brasch, a vegan chef and restauranteur who is now living his dream by having opened this restaurant. He wanted to create a menu that would please any palate and that was influenced by many different cultures and cooking styles.  And it was so successful that there are now two locations as well as a separate vegan dessert place called "Nami."My friend alerted me that it was a very casual place so I was prepared to dine super casual on this Friday night. When we arrived around 8 p.m., it was packed and there was just enough seating for our group so we snagged it right away. We took a look at the menu for a long time. As everything is vegan, it was very difficult for me to choose what I wanted. The menu features appetizers, bowls, salads, sammies & burgers, and sides so there was a lot to choose from.  I was also pleased to see that they served beer and wine as well. Once we made our selections, we ordered at the counter, then sat down and waited for our food.I started with a locally brewed beer -- Four Peaks Peach Ale. Then, our appetizers started arriving. First, we had the green hummus made of garlic, poblano chilies, and chickpeas with fried pita. This one was a winner.Next,we had the spicy buffalo wings, which were probably my favorite item from the whole night. They were tender with great spice and served with a delicious vegan cucumber ranch.Our last appetizer was the samosas filled with curried potatoes, peas, carrots, and garlic served with a tamarind dipping sauce. These were okay, but nothing to write home about.For my entree, I ordered the Clexico Burger. This was their homemade burger with organic garbanzo hummus, cheddar cheese, mayo, and spicy chipotle sauce. The burgers were a bit too meaty for me and not vegetably enough, if you know what I mean. And there were no veggies -- no lettuce or tomato so it was just a lot of fake meat with a nice chipotle sauce. I thought the burger was good, but definitely not what I should have ordered given the other healthy options.I ended up wishing I had ordered the Singapore orange bowl that my friend had. Filled with fresh broccoli, zucchini, and faux meat, it was delicious.Another girl got the Coconut Curry Bowl filled with broccoli, zucchini, and potatoes in a curry sauce.My out-of-town friends tried their famous version of a Big Mac, the Big WAC! This was way too much burger for me. It was two patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions, on a sesame bun just the way I remembered. I have to admit that it was good, just too meaty and too much.In the end, I was so glad I chose this place. Though I wish I had ordered the fresh bowls, I was still satisfied with everything I tried and some items were exceptionally good. All of our bowls and sandwiches were about $9 so pretty cheap. And I love that they offer beer, wine, and soft serve ice cream. This place is a win-win.
4	I have been to Green twice and both times I have received a heavy amount of rudeness from one of the employees. Which made my visit a bit overthrown but besides that fact the food was great. Although I wouldn't recommend the chili fries as a meal like I did, too salty to be eaten by itself so just leave it as a appetizer for the whole table. The wings are a must so be sure to get a serving of those!
4	This is an amazing vegan restaurant! The menu is so creative (a Big Whak, with special sauce)! Can't wait to go back yet I hope the staff realizes what customer service is. I felt I was doing them a favor for being there. Also, we were there for almost 20 minutes and the staff didn't bother wiping down a spill at a nearby empty table the entire time. Granted, the place was busy yet I think wiping a spill doesn't require hours of time.
2	Do not come here if you are in a hurry or expect extraordinary service.  Been here quite a few times. Food is pretty tasty but service sucks!!!!!! If there was a contender for this cuisine I would not come back.
4	I've heard a lot of hype about Green, and it's taken me years to finally get down there to try it out.It's the kind of vegetarian restaurant that even a carnivore would enjoy. The menu is large and creative, and "meat-substitutes" like fake chicken and fake beef are available (I'll stick to tofu, thank you.)I went with a friend and we both ordered bowls off their menu. I got the one with the mushrooms sauteed in sake (so good) with brown rice, veggies, and house made tofu. With a tip it was about $10, and I had leftovers.Definitely will be going back there again.
2	Was here on business March 4, 2014. It took me forever to find this place because, being an out of towner, I did not realize there is a N. 7th Street and a N. 7th Avenue both of which intersect McDowell Road. Anyway, I got to the restaurant and ordered the spicy buffalo "wings" to go and had a glass of the local wine while I waited at the table and waited and waited...I love the clever and artistic design of the place, especially the detailed little touches. I had visited the website before coming and loved the chef's story. I really wanted to love this place. Alas, the wine was meh though I loved that it came in a little mason jelly jar. Also, it took forever to get the one thing that I had ordered. It's not like the place was packed; orders were coming out of the kitchen. When other people who ordered just before and after I did got their food, I went up to check. The cashier checked on it and said it would be right out. Finally, 10 minutes later I got my bag and bounced.The spicy buffalo "wings" just weren't that good. The breaded "mock" meat was overcooked and too chewy. The glaze on it was just ok. I eat (and cook) vegetarian all the time and have had some fantastic eats; this was a disappointment.
5	For being, basically, the only vegan restaurant in the downtown area, these people deserve 5/5. I've rarely had mishaps with my food and even when I do the food is still delicious. For being vegan, this place is the best of the best. The fries are a bit skinny for my liking but I still devour pleasingly them with the seasonings and ketchup and fake ranch provided. They now offer alcohol, which is a major plus for the demographic nearby. You have to try the wings. They are delectable, especially for carnivores. And the food is downright delicious. Make sure to check out Nami, next door, for their brunch on Sundays or their Tsoynamis any day of the week!
5	My partner and I had just become vegetarian last month and I've searched for a vegan/vegetarian restaurant and yelp found me this place. This place rocked our socks out! We took a risk to try infamous spicy buffalo "wings" and we loved it to death! It tastes exactly like a regular chicken. The buffalo sauce was at it's perfect spiciness. As for meals, I ordered original "g" spicy po-boy with thyme fries and my partner ordered secret BBQ chicken sandwich with thyme fries. We both loved them and eat them all up! Absolutely delicious! And the staffs were so friendly and knew how to communicate with us in a heartbeat because we both are deaf. We are coming back no question about it! We will try Nami's their little sister 100% vegan bakery. You need to take your friends over here!!
4	My husband and I looooove going here!I am a vegan and even though my family is not they have no complaint going here.Get the no harm chicken-parm and ask for the pesto instead of the tomato sauce it is so good!
5	i always chuckle when people say vegetarian food is boring. next time you hear that, send them here. then pat yourself on the back because this place is awesome.
5	Stopped in here on a business trip to Phoenix. I have to say the big wac was amazing. It brought back all the memories of a McDonald's Big Mac without all the concern with ingredients. I will make this a staple meal on my business trips here. We also had the buffalo wings, crab cakes and everything was delicious! Definitely recommend.
5	Phoenix is lucky to have this place!  Vegans rejoice as the food was amazing.  I had to go there twice on my visit.  For starters, the staff is very friendly and were happy to be there.The drinks:Great selection with some organic choices like lime/lemonade.  I mixed it all up which tasted great.  I will say that trying each individually was nice too.  I love that they have green tea as one of the options.  I did not get anything from the fridge as they had sodas and other things there.  Nice.The food:Fries were awesome considering they were thin cut which made them crispy throughout.  Not sure if they had another options, but we got the thyme fries.  I recommend it.Sandwiches were bomb!Big Wac - Well, if you like the Big Mac when and if you ever ate meat, this is it without the guilt or blood.  Tasted awesome and I am surprised that this was vegan since the cheese was so cheesy.Barbeque Chicken - A big sloppy in which you may need a knife and fork to eat.  Me and my friend split it, so we just cut it in half and it oozed with sauce.  Great sauce and great sandwich.  The extra sauce is a nice dipping item for the fries for sure.Faux Lay Of Fish - Awesome!  Since I had a fish sandwich before while I was eating the last bite, I had to make sure it was not real fish.  My friend reassured me as she is a fish eater.  I on the other hand was surprised.  We had to get it again on our second visit.  The only thing is for those going there to try this, it is a seasonal item or special.  I hope they have it when you go!Diablo Bowl - Not bad and had great seasoning.  We had a mix of both noodles and brown rice (friends wanted that as I only wanted noodles).  That probably didn't help the dish, but in the long run, the dish had a nice flavor.  Would try again if I am ever in the area after getting one of the above beforehand though.We also went next door to try a cake.  Although their other stuff was pretty good based on some sampling, that cake was way too sweet.  It was my mini birthday cake though, so THANK YOU for putting that candle on it!  :)  Made me extra happy.
5	I loved this place.  We just stumbled upon it and it was wonderful.  The food was really good and the staff helped us figure out what was going on.  We're vegetarians but it was like, huh?  So yummy.  Also weirdly the cleanest bathroom I have ever been in in my life, ever.  I'd come back to Phoenix to eat here again.
4	Yum! We had already eaten at their other location and loved it. We were close to this location and stopped in for a quick bite. Friendly service and we got our food quickly. I ordered the Argentine Po Boy to reminisce on our recent trip to the South and enjoyed every bite. Delicious and messy!Great beer options too. I'd love to check this place out for brunch sometime.
4	Yum! Loved it! Veggie restaurants always run the risk being... boring? Not the case with Green. Stopped in for lunch with some friends and I was not disappointed.There's a small parking lot shared with Nami. You can also park around the perimeter of the building in different marked spots. The restaurant is modern and simple and comfortable.Lots of different wines and beers available, and I would have loved to have one, but I opted for one of many different healthy flavored water drinks in the fridge by the counter. I had the Thai peanut bowl with house tofu and noodles. Sauce was spicy and delish; noodles were cooked well, and there were nice big pieces of fresh broccoli and carrots alongside perfectly done tofu. It was filling and yummy, and I did not feel depressed (from grease and calories) after eating it.The big wac really does taste like a big mac. It looks beautiful - the way you'd hope a big mac would look, and it tastes awesome. Calexico burger was pretty good. Cole slaw is really fresh, really good, and the fries are amazing. I could eat the fries all day, every day.I will be back! Even if you're not huge on veggie only food, this place is worth a try. If you like tofu, definitely stop in. Faux meats taste really close to real meat so again, give it a go!
3	Nice idea but I don't think many of the options here are actually much healthier than their meat-ful counterparts unless you stick with a salad. The place is larger on the inside than it looks when driving by. I had the Big Wac, which was good but not amazing like others report. My friend had a calexico which had a nice hummus/sauce mixture, but was otherwise pretty boring. I don't know....feel like burgers should have some form of veggies like lettuce, tomatoes, etc. Another friend had the thai peanut bowl. The tofu was pretty good but that sauce was so thick and heavy. I'm curious to try other options and check out Nami, but they've got some work to do to impress me foodwise.
3	good food and good atmosphere most of the time.  my only complaint is sometimes the staff are rude, they look at you like they wonder why you are in there place...to eat you jerks!
4	This place has been on my 'to try' list for a long time, but a little part of me always pushed off going here. This changed the other day when hanging with my buddy Dave H. We went here at lunch time. You walk up to the counter, order, and sit down to wait for food delivery. We ordered the hummus, the samosas, and the coconut curry bowl with the house tofu. We quickly had the hummus delivered and then.... crab puffs? Woops. Well, we had discussed the crabpuffs, so we figured they just put in the wrong order. That was ok, we were happy to try them. The crab puffs were good... I don't like regular crab puffs, but the veg version was fairly tasty, creamy, and crispy on the outside. The hummus was very good, a little spicy, but overall tasty... now, it was no Pita Jungle hummus... definitely not at the same caliber, but it was good. I liked the crispy pita chips, but I think it might be better with just normal pita. Anyway, I guess they realized they brought out the wrong item (crab puffs) and they brought us the samosas... woohoo! The samosas were by far the best item I tried there. They were cinnamon -y and delicious... crispy with a wonderful filling. I would come back here just for the samosas...yum. The curry bowl was also good, but I wish it had more sauce.... it wasn't the most flavorful food I've ever had, especially for a curry. I would want to try it again to see if maybe it was just lacking sauce on the day we were there. I will definitely be back here!PS the decor here is beautiful, very clean and modern. PPS the prices are affordable- less than 10$ per person
5	Fantastic gluten free buffalo wings, though the Alfredo bowl is very bland. Be sure to check out Nami nextdoor after!
4	Big wac, Big wac, Big wac. Just remember to say that to the person behind the counter and you will find yourself in a happy place.This is a true vegan/vegetarian restaurant that caters to any sort of dietary restriction (except of course if you're a carnivore). Most places are scared of not having a meat option on the menu, because they think it would drive away customers. Well this place is bustling most hours of the day, as is the companion dessert-shop Nami right next door. As with most places in this area it can be sometimes challenging to find a place to park, but if you're crafty it shouldn't be too hard. You could also try the Calexico burger, that was tasty as well.The staff are always cool here, if a bit hipster (hell, I suppose the whole place has that kind of vibe but it certainly feels less judgmental than say...Cartel Coffee). I'll be a customer forev.
4	Let me just preface by saying I am not a vegan. Actually, I am the opposite of a vegan and indulge in red meat pretty frequently. However, a good vegan friend of mine wanted to try this place out and I am so glad I did! We went on a Wednesday afternoon and it was packed. The parking situation is not favorable, so try and carpool if you can. Luckily, we ordered and were able to snag  a table at the front. I had the Thai Peanut Bowl with mock chicken and it was surprisingly, really good! It was loaded with fresh veggies and the perfect amount of sauce. The only aspect I found lacking was. . .salt. I'm not sure if I am desensitized by the morbid amount of soy sauce I consume at home - I most likely am. Don't get me wrong, the meal was amazing but I think a dash or two of salt would have made this meal perfect. The mock chicken was also surprisingly yummy. It had the consistency of a frozen chicken nugget (odd) but the flavor was spot on. I would definitely visit again! I am dying to try the Big Wac.
4	A great and convenient stop when you're craving vegan comfort food. This location is much better appointed and more comfortable to dine in than the Tempe location. However, they could use some additional parking. Also, I could swear the meal portions (specifically the noodle dishes) have gotten smaller, especially for takeout.
5	Love this place and so do my kids.  That says a lot.  The food is delicious and healthy.  It's also reasonable.   I love the thai with chicken and the tahini slaw
4	Great for lunch. A lot of unique options for vegans. Great flavors. I wouldn't go back for brunch though. It seemed like astronaut food. Too fake. Definitely go here for lunch though.
5	Green is a place that satisfies my cravings for comfort food made a little differently.I first came here with a group of ladies who were mostly, if not all, vegans or vegetarians. I wasn't one of them, but that didn't stop me from ordering a pasta bowl with a meatless add on. It was heavenly. The taste is simple yet more than enough, and the variety in the menu is plain fun to look through! For not being a vegetarian, I come here a lot more than I should.It might seem that it mostly appeals to young crowds who look for different and conscious approaches to their food, but anyone can try it and fall in love with it like I did. It's well-made food that delivers and makes you feel good while eating it.Parking is a bit of a challenge if you have a large car because it's quite narrow, but spaces are usually open when it's not busy. The decor is clean and minimalist; you can't help but fall in love with that Ice-T ice machine, pun intended. All in all, if you feel pretty cool for coming to place like this, embrace it. It's a rad and one-of-a-kind place to eat at.
5	Green is one of my favorites. If you are vegan or gluten free, this is the place for you. If you like to eat health and delicious food, this is it. There is a huge menu for everyone. My favorite is the green salad with avocado. Enjoy a dish. And then you can go next door to Nami and have a dessert.
4	Went here for lunch yesterday Yummy. I had the mock chicken thai peanut bowl hubby had the big wac A mock burger He loved it !
3	I ordered their thai peanut bowl with noodle and house tofu. Tofu to me doesn't taste like tofu and I've had many tofu being that my mom cook vegetarian dish a lot. The house tofu seem like fake tofu is that's a good description. The brocoli was not cook fully and hard to chew. Overall, it's a small place at 7th street/mcdowell so parking is small but the service was very good. A good place to hang out. maybe next time I'll try something else.
5	I flippin' love this place.Tasty tasty food.I do hate that I have to order at a counter, and I hate that it's so damn loud in the restaurant, and I hate the parking.But the food makes up for everything else.I love Green!
5	This Green location is an expansion of their Tempe location. Sometimes when establishments do good and grow, one or some of their locations suffer. Not here. You get the same great food that you've come to expect from Green. And in an ingenious business strategy, they'll offer different specials at each one.  For the sake of not being completely redundant, I'll just sum up my favorite dishes. Vegan comfort food:Big Wac (simply amazing; that is all)Wendy Pickle (awesome!)Original G Spicy Chicken & the Argentine po'boys (both equally yum!) BBQ Chicken or the BBBQ Burger (BBQ is on point!) All of the burgers & sandwiches come with a side of your choice of fruit, thyme fries, or a Tahini coleslaw. (99% of the time, I choose their fries because they're SO good!)Feeling light?Jerk Salad w/ their succulent & perfectly seasoned mock chicken instead of tofu. The jungle dressing is delicious! Ranchero Salad, which comes with BBQ "chicken" & their homemade ranch. I hated ranch when I was omni, but I like their vegan ranch. Both of my fav aforementioned salads come with a spinach + dark medley salad mix (no icebergs here!), shredded carrots, & tortilla strips. You may opt for a 1/2 or full sized salad ($6 vs $9). I usually get the full and eat the 2nd 1/2 another day. Just remove the mock meat, heat, & replace on salad. Unless you remove the tortilla strips prior to refrigerating your leftovers, those will be annoyingly non-crunchy the next day. This location has liquor options for all of my beer guzzling and mimosa-loving lushes. (Which is ALL of my friends.) I don't drink, so I am unable to assist in that area, except to say that they have drink specials sometimes. Speaking of... This location implemented it's first happy hour this summer. It's not every day or every Friday, so I suggest stalking, er, following Green on Twitter, ig, & FB for the fastest updates & news.Happy Hour specials have included delights such as Sloppy Jose's (sic) sliders, Buffalo Cauliflower bites, Roasted Brussels, & Garlic Potato tacos. All beyond amazing for my taste buds. (Happy hour prices extend to certain alcoholic drinks as well.)HH has only been at this location, so far. Live music sometimes. Nice and clean inside. Pay at the counter, take a number, & they'll bring your food to your table.  If you prefer fresh air, there are a handful of tables outside.  The restrooms are outside of the building. I am extremely OCD & shuttered at the thought. But when I was finally forced to utilize the facilities, let me tell you! That has to be the nice & cleanest little "outhouse" in the history of outhouses. I was very pleasantly surprised! It shares a parking lot with its sister store, Nami. It's a small lot & it fills quickly during lunch & dinner times. If you're going for lunch, M-F, I suggest arriving no later than 11:30am, to beat the lunch crowd. One of my favorite restaurants in the valley!
5	Our very favorite restaurant in PHX and I am not even vegetarian!  We had the vegan breakfast of sausage and gravy and wow- amazing!
4	It's not easy being green, but this place makes it delish ;-)I ran into Green, well Nami really, looking for frozen desserts; you can't go to Nami and not eventually end up trying Green too. After 5 or so visits, I've never had a bad meal. Lunch seems to be pretty popular here - but never a terribly long wait. Order your meal at the counter, grab your number, find a table, and wait for delivery. The staff are always friendly and smiling - I don't think I've seen someone sad or unhappy to be working here. On a recent visit the girl at the counter sold me on their daily special, this day's was a bratwurst; vegan of course. Coming with a few options for the side, I settled on their house made coleslaw; which I thoroughly enjoyed. The bratwurst was tasty with a dijan / spicy mustard and sourkraut, but the bun seemed to span the width of three brats and was sliced more like sandwich bread and not like a hot dog bun; I can live with that minor complaint though. I've had their hummus and buffalo wings appetizers, a big wac (their shameless vegan big mac), a thai penut bowl, ranchero salad, and one or two other dishes I can't quite remember at this point; all vegan, all delicious, with my favorite being the ranchero salad - it's my normal go to option here.I believe I've answered the question of would I come back by actually coming back, once every month or so.Happy Yelping Phoenix. This spot totally makes it easier to be green ;-)
4	I ordered online and my "wings" were ready when I got there about 7 minutes later. I love how simple it was to order and how fast things were ready. Food was great as always.
5	I love this place!! My only complaint is I wish I lived closer!! I haven't had a thing I didn't like. One of my favorite guilty pleasures is their Chili Cheese Fries and Buffalo Wings. You must try them! Fresh salads and ingredients, they make being a vegetarian sinful!
4	Food was really good to excellent.  Service was slow.  Moderately enrage you slow.I went to Green on a Thursday at 12:15 and ordered the following to-go:1.  Crab puffs (meh. decent but not memorable.)2.  Ranchero salad (not remotely spicy, but good texture on the wings and a great assortment of veg. Ranch dressing was pretty tasty.)3.  Big WAC (I could eat this every day and die enormously fat and happy. I made moaning noises whilst eating to the horror of my lunch mates.)4. Secret BBQ chicken sandwich (lunchmate who is a pretty die hard meat eater enjoyed it. Said the BBQ was good, texture was fine "but definitely not chicken.")5.  Iced tea (I drank at least 5 glasses. So tasty and fresh!)It took 45 minutes to get my TO-GO order. No apologies given. Other people came in, ordered, ate and left while I was still waiting. Place was crazy busy. Everyone looked happy though. I think my experience was an anomaly. Bottom line, I will definitely be going back. Much more to try!
4	Wellll had I known this place existed, I might have become a vegetarian sooner! We went here for "late bday dinner" for the first time. We probably looked completely out of place (probably because we didn't look like unshowered hipsters..jk!) Anyway, I got the Singapore soy, which was zesty and delicious! I loved the crispy tofu! My friends got the big WAC burgers and the Mongolian bowl. They were both extremely satisfied with their choices. We will definitely come back! Oh and their vimto drink is amaze balls!
5	I was invited to eat at my first vegetarian restaurant by my sister & wow I was surprised! I thought I was going need tons of salt etc to make the food edible lol but it didn't need a thing. I had wings and the Po boy sandwich with coleslaw. I never knew vegetarian food was so good. All I can say is wow and I'll be back!
5	Big wacs are crazy good. they're not open Sunday, but next door has good vegan breakfast. We eat here all the time, whenver friends are in town and when we're craving some delicious food in a cool environment. Big wacs!
5	I was searching through yelp for a nice vegetarian place before I fly back home from Phoenix. Green/Nami is 10 minutes away from the Phoenix Sky Harbor (I discovered) so that was already a plus!The restaurant has a nice feel to it and and very friendly staff! There's lots of younger people going in and out of it so there's a nice vibe at the place.It has vegetarian as well as vegan options and in general it's a nice progressive place.I had the huevos rancheros and a vanilla milkshake.The food came out very quickly and was really delicious! I highly recommend this place!
4	Guys. This is great vegetarian food. I am not a vegetarian, and I loved every bite of my Asian noodle bowl with tofu. My husband got the big wac, I took a bite and it was delicious. Basically it's good vegetarian food and if you have friends that are on a pretty restricted diet (like mine are), this is a fun place to take them because they don't have to scour a menu for the only salad in town - they can eat it all. Plus the ice machine had iced T on it. What could be better?Next time we plan on checking out Nami for their awesome soy dessert. Woo!
5	Green has fantastic options to suit all tastes and appetites. It attracts vegans and nonvegans alike and I love how it helps people to explore plant based options. For those interested in a beer or wine with their meal, they have a fantastic selection. They offer teas and bottled drinks as well. I have never been disappointed by any meal I have had there, and I have visited dozens of times. I recommend it to everyone. It gets quite a lunch crowd but I always manage to find a place to park and to sit. The food is reasonable priced, delicious and plentiful.
5	I've been to the other Green location in Tempe many times (which is always great) - and I tried this one for the first time yesterday. Seems like it's in a great location and it definitely stands out. The service was friendly and quick and the food was fresh, hot, and delicious. I would recommend their veggie burgers to anyone - they are made there and are unlike any I have had. Love this place!
4	The food is wonderful. I've taken many meat-eaters with NO complaints! If ordering fries (or other sides) I'd say you should have 2 or more in your party or it's a waste of money and food. Everything is super filling! I'm not a huge fan of vegan cheese so get the chili fries with no cheese if your unsure.The downtown location (second location in Scottsdale) has the option of serving liquor as well as Nami the wonderful vegan bakery next door and outdoor seating. I only left off a star due to the atmosphere which is somewhere between diner and cafeteria and the prices which seem a little steep (keeping in mind I always leave full and stayed that way for hours!) Try it out for yourself!!!
5	Great Vegan food! Casual and cute! We need more local joints like this! Especially for the vegan / health conscious population! I will def be back!!
5	Love this place, everything I've tried has been great, my favorite is the Big Wac with fries!  Vegan junk food at its best, but you don't have to go that route if you don't want to, you can go with healthy vegan, but why would you when you can get the big WAC?!?They also have several craft beers, and a good selection of bottled soda.Make sure to get dessert next door at Nami!
5	The food is delicious.  The ambience is casual and hip.  The service is warm, friendly and attentive.   The price is more than reasonable.   I would be a regular here if I could, and I'm not even vegetarian!!!  Alas, I live in Northern California, so I will just have to look forward to dining here again during my next visit to the Phoenix area.
5	This place is amazing. I have been here many times, I'm somewhat of a regular here. Everything about this establishment is wonderful. It has a great vibe and it's a real fun place to meet with a friend or date. I've gone here with many non-vegans and no one has ever not fallen in love with this place. Their food is great. Almost everything on the menu is delicious. I recommend the buffalo wings and the Big Wac burger. They will convert any meat eater into a fan of this place. The staff is always friendly. Great customer service. This will always be my favorite place to eat!
5	When I worked in the area I would occasionally go here for lunch.Although I do eat some vegetarian foods, have not objection to a non-vegetarian meal and was a little leary the first time I went. But for realz. Shout out to the Black Jack Pita. It's super delicious and the texture is just amazing (something that can be a fatal downfall of vegetarian foods).  One of my other favorite foods is the hummus. I like to order it and put it in my tummus....Anyway... If you have that one vegetarian person in the office let them have this one, it won't kill you eating one meat free lunch and it is not bad food. Just don't let them pick all the time, after all, we can't let the minority over step their bounds....
5	Visiting from out of town and wanted a good vegan experience.  Being from CO, we have excellent vegetarian/vegan fare so my expectations were high.  We got the spicy edamame, Big WAC and Calexico burgers.  GREAT flavor, friendly service, quick with the food order and arrival!  Amazing experience! W
4	A little pricey, but that seems to be pretty standard for np vegetarian or vegan food. I had a large tasty salad and my beloved had a rice bowl. We both left feeling satisfied. I'd rate it at very good, but not great.
5	I've eaten here at least a handful of times in the past 2 months and it's quite delicious!!
4	YUM. I LOVVVE THIS PLACE! Food is always on point and staff is always friendly. Four stars because of the ridiculous prices.
5	Amazingly fast service, friendly staff, INCREDIBLE food, decent prices, awesome laid-back atmosphere. I am so very glad we came here on our trip. I had the BBQ bacon burger with slaw and I also got chili cheese fries. No regrets.
5	Love Green!  Buffalo wings, fries and the whopper burger......delicious.  The iced teas are fresh and tasty as well.  Great selection of beer and wine too!  Num.  Num.
5	Best vegan junk food ever! My favorite items are the spicy wings and the big wac. I've brought my omnivore friends here and they couldn't tell they were eating a plant based meal. Consistent flavorful delicious vegan comfort food at it's best!
4	Liked them before,  and now they have beer! Don't have to be Vegan to like the food.  you won't feel empty. Only gripe,  and minor... The limes in the food were dry.
5	I've been a vegetarian for over a few decades, I tend to seek out vegan and vegetarian restaurants in every city that I go to. Without a doubt I have always had a positive experience at Green. The staff is always courteous, the facilities are clean, I have not waited long for food, what I order is typically delicious, and the price is very reasonable for the quality that you're getting. I have eaten at both locations, and even had an art show at one a few years back. The individuals running the establishments are professional, socially conscious, and in touch with their community. It would be very hard-pressed to find this anywhere else.
4	Went in hungry to check out the Big Wac and left satisfied and happy. It wasn't very obvious that it was a vegan burger for anyone steered away by that fact, but  it was all delicious. It is quite a hefty portion, and a bit more than you would pay for it's meaty counterpart, but certainly worth it.
5	World class vegetarian in PHX! Had the chicken artichoke salad, boneless wings, chili fries, and eggless rolls. Top ten on Happy Cow!
5	Delicious, healthy and inventive.  "Crab" puffs were spectacular, and service very friendly and accommodating.
3	most of the things I have had here have  been decent.  Not mind blowing.  Nice to have this around as an option though.  Don't have the macn cheese but the fries, bowls and burgers are good
5	Diverse menu and unique specials. I have to admit that sometimes I want a dish with a meat=like texture. Green menu has that and great variety of other vegan dishes. Then there is the guilty pleasure of vegan desserts at Nami - right next door. We ask family for gift cards to Green, as we know we will be regular diners there throughout the year.
5	I always try to hit up the most popular veg restaurants whenever I travel, but nothing compares to the food and atmosphere at Green. I'm so happy that the best veg restaurant on earth is in my own city. The Big Wac, Wendy's Pickle and Blackjack Pita are a few of my favorites, but everything on the menu is pretty delicious. And don't forget to grab a treat next door at Nami after your meal!
3	First, the summary- it's worth another try. But...This restaurant came fairly highly recommended, and we hadn't even seen the reviews on yelp yet. We had driven from San Diego to Phoenix and the restaurant was fairly near our hotel, so we dropped in to fill our bellies. The dining style is similar to Native Foods in that you place your order at the counter and then find a table, where they bring your food to you. We got a couple items from the "Bowls" column, and an appetizer. Prices were reasonable, and the food was delivered incredibly quickly. So far, so good...but they forgot or somehow left out our appetizers. So, we started in on our bowls. One was a Thai Peanut dish; the other was an Alfredo noodle bowl. While I would not recommend either of those dishes, they at least showed potential. The Thai Peanut Bowl tasted like it had barbecue sauce in it. While it certainly looked more appetizing than my Alfredo dish, it was not so. The Alfredo dish had good texture, but was sorely lacking in flavor. It needed something- anything- to lend it some flavor. It tasted like the kind of food someone thinks a vegan eats- lots of veggies and no taste to speak of. Finally the crab puff (vegan style) appetizer arrived. It was inedible. We were really eager to like it, but it was wrong in so many ways. It was a lot of flour, it was deep-fried, and there was very little substance to it other than the flour and the oil it was fried in. One could detect the hint of faux crab, but other than that, it was just a poorly thought out choice to put on the menu in a place called Green. To sum up- Service: 5 stars for delivering the entree so quicklyFood: 2 stars for serving such poorly-executed dishesWill we return? Probably, because Phoenix doesn't have that many places catering to vegans. And when we do return, we really, really hope to find something on the menu with some actual flavor. Oh, one last thing. We went on a winter night. It was VERY cold outside. Green is inside a converted Garage, with high ceilings, and very little heat, apparently. Everyone in the restaurant was bundled up tightly. It does not make for a pleasant dining experience when the restaurant is 50 degrees inside.
5	This place is awesome! So many interesting and creative choices. I had the BBQ bacon burger which has portobello mushrooms and caramelized onions and, of course, their veg burger patty. It was so satisfying. The cole slaw was yummy too, peanutty. I had a "mash" for dessert - they choose what to put in your ice cream. Yum!! I wish I could eat here every day...
4	I usually go to the location off Scottsdale Rd so this was my first time trying the 7th St location. I used to go to this location when it was the former restaurant "It's A Wrap" back in the day and I love the remodel since Green moved in the space. Parking is always hard at this location so I had to park a few businesses away and walk over. I got there a little before noon and there was already quite the line. The line moved slower than it does in Scottsdale and I ordered my Spicy Thai Chicken Salad (my favorite) and ordered it to go incase I didn't have time to finish the entire salad during my lunch hour. I'm really glad I did because by the time I got in the door, stood in line and got my order I had 10 minutes to eat my lunch. I think next time I will call my order in ahead of time so the wait is a little less and I can eat my lunch with more time to spare. Still very good, services was good and I will be back soon.
