5	I thought this place was going to be a dive. And I like dives. But when I walked in, the place was clean, with beautiful wooden floors and counters and art on the walls. Great atmosphere. And, the chicken is wonderful. I get the same meal each time. It's one of the first on the menu and is a sweet savory BBQ chicken that comes with shrimp fried rice. Just delightful. My soda gets refilled fast, and the servers are friendly and even told me the history of the business. A great experience.
4	After reading the reviews for Thai BBQ on Rainbow and Flamingo, and the one on Jones and Flamingo, this would did sound better.  That atmosphere was very nice, perhaps a little more upscale than the "hole in the wall" Thai restaurant.  The service was good, although the server had me box my left overs even though I was the only customer.  That's ok though, the food is the important thing.  I ordered Thai Iced Tea, Pineapple Fried Rice, and Red Curry with Beef.The pineapple fried rice was very good.  It wasn't greasy or bland, but had a nice subtle flavor with a hint of smokiness.  It included pieces of shrimp, imitation crab, chicken, tomato, and fresh pineapple.  It was a bit generic, and perhaps not totally authentic in flavor, but I enjoyed it quite a bit.   The red curry with beef was fairly impressive.  It was well prepared with green and red peppers, and with a medium heat, it had a nice spicy flavor, not bland at all.  The curry was soupy, and although I had to ask for white rice with it, I quite enjoyed it.  My only reservation about this dish was that the beef was just a little tough.  The presentation of the food was very well executed.  The atmosphere  was upscale and relaxing. The service is pretty good too.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a fine Thai dinner with a date or the family.  I will definitely be returning to try more of the dishes here.
4	When my cousin informed me that her 18th Birthday dinner would be at Thai BBQ, I was surprised.  I associate places called "Thai BBQ" with fast food, and an 18th Birthday for us is kind of a big deal.  When I walked in, I was pleasantly.  It was a very clean, nice looking and nicely decorated restaurant.  It was very quiet - not too many customers, but still, quite quaint.They sectioned off part of the restaurant for our exclusive use.  My aunt pre-ordered trays of food and they laid everything out with plates, etc and we would get food at our leisure (buffet style).First off, the food was delicious! The Pad Thai was one of the best that I've tried (and I don't usually like the Pad Thai at places) and the Chicken and Beef Barbeque (especially the ones on the skewer) were very very tasty. :] Both had just the right amount of flavor that complimented the food. They definitely know what they're doing.On top of the good food, they had GREAT service.  The waiters were always on top of things and even cleared your plate as soon as you were finished.  One waiter even asked me if there was something I needed help with or needed just because I was looking around. That kind of attentiveness comes around quite rarely.  PLUS, when all was said and done - you know, cake, presents, the works, they even helped us to carry out the leftover trays and cake to the car. Now THAT is going above and beyond. :]Overall, I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere and would love to go back and try it as a regular customer and not just a "party guest." lol. Oh, and there is also a Karaoke set up - although, I don't know if they actually use it. :P I'm down to find out! :D
4	Weekday lunch specials are always a bargain, and this was no exception at Thai BBQ on W. Flamingo.From the outside, Thai BBQ looks like a fast food joint.  But you'll be surprised with the nice sit down restaurant feel inside.  There are about 14 choices under the Lunch Special menu, with only one of them being vegetarian.I went for the L-12 Beef Panang Lunch Special "Chunks of tender beef cooked in curry and coconut milk, served with steamed rice." ($6.50).  I was more excited about the curry and coconut milk than the beef part.  The sauce was definitely tasty on the white rice, but the beef was a bit heavy.  It made for great leftovers (with a bit of peanut sauce) says the Husband.Whereas he chose the L-14 BBQ Pork Sate Lunch Special "Marinated pork grilled on a bamboo skewer, served with peanut sauce, cucumber sauce, and fried rice." ($6.50).  He usually goes for the Beef Sate, but it's not offered here during the lunch special.  Nonetheless, we both really like it and I found myself nibbling more his protein than mine.  The cucumber sauce is more like a a cucumber salad with red onions and jalapeno slices in a vinaigrette. I really liked their version of the Thai Ice Tea ($1.95). It was strongly brewed and sweet!  Yum! Service was great. There were a handful of customers and the waiter was attentive and friendly.  Definitely no problems there.Sidenote: They could definitely update their bathroom though.  However, I do appreciate the Charmin toilet paper they use!
4	Must try the Beef skewers......dipped in Peanut sauce. Ridiculously good!Salads were good here.Other items were just okay - Pad Thai, fried rice.Didn't like the drunken noodles.Prices cheap during lunch special time. Not crowded.
4	It's not that I come here for the Thai food. I just love their BBQ. Its always so tender and juicy and it has that sweet/savory taste I've always been a fan of. Totally recommend at least trying this place once.
3	We went here last night for dinner. We wanted to go to Raku but the first reservation was at midnight, and I'm so not a night owl, especially on a week night. My wife suggested Thai BBQ, because she had recently tried the Maryland Pkwy location and had been craving Thai BBQ ever since.My wife had the kai yang which is the house special BBQ chicken served with shrimp fried rice. It was pretty good, and the chicken was very tender. I especially liked how they charred the skin.I had the chicken ruby dinner which is a deep fried whole Cornish hen stuffed with a combination of shrimp, chicken and pork topped with a delicious homemade sauce. Need I say more? Yummm! I think it was the first time I'd ever had deep fried Cornish game hen. The skin was nice and crispy and the meat was juicy. The stuffing had a kind of sausagey taste that was interesting, in a good way. Mine was also served with shrimp fried rice. The shrimp fried rice was pretty good but nothing special.My one complaint is that there were no paper towels in the bathroom
5	I can't be sure how "authentic" this food is compared with others in the valley.  All I know is there's nothing unsatisfactory on the menu and it's truly a "family" establishment and that love is part of the food.  It's simply addictive and causes severe cravings requiring repeat trips.  I fell in love with the food in high school and remain a loyal customer because the food is consistently delicious.  The only bad thing is, I still have not tried everything they offer, as it's very easy to develop favorites early on!  Go there and enjoy!!
3	I first fell in love with Thai food in Seattle.  There was a little restaurant by the apartments I used to live in and would only order Chicken Penang Curry.  Since I was craving for some, I decided to come here.Their Chicken Penang Curry wasn't as great as the one I had in Seattle but it's good enough.  It had the sweetness and spiciness I wanted.  The only downfall to this restaurant is that you have to pay $1.25 for rice when most other Thai places will give it freely and no charge.  Maybe the economy is affecting them that they have to charge for it.
3	I usually go to Archies but they close on Mondays.  So I decided to try this place.  They had nice interior decoration.  I had Pad-see-ew with Tofu.  The dish was overly saucy and the noodle were softer than what I'm used to.   It tasted like it was cooked with too much salt and MSG.  I also had Tom yum soup which was pretty good.  Service was decent.
4	This is probably my favorite Thai place. There are a few others that go by the same name, but I believe that this one, and the one on 3rd Street in Downtown, are related. The rest are completely different places.BBQ Chicken is good and sweet. Beef Skewers with the peanut sauce, Drunken Noodles with extra noodles, and their chicken curries are my favorite dishes.
4	The lunch specials during the weekdays are a nice bargain.  And what makes it even better is the selections offered, which should offer something interesting for everyone.My favorite is probably their BBQ Chicken, and is juicy and sweet. I can probably eat 2 or 3 plates of these while I watch a DVD :pI usually try a curry dish at Thai restaurants, but have not been here enough times yet to give that a try, but they look really good.  I tried the sate dish (pork) served with fried rice, and with the peanut dipping sauce was just plain good eats!Their service was good, even when the restaurant is busy.  But I suggests going early to beat the lunch crowd rush.Looking forward to going back again, now that they have $10 for $20 Dinners Groupon promotions today. http://gr.pn/hCCId1 Service:  4.5/5Food:  4/5Price:  4/5Location:  Not close enough for out-of-town visitors relying on taxi for transportations, but great for locals working/living in the SW.
4	My boyfriend and I have been on a thai food frenzy lately, so we decided to try this place after getting their groupon deal. The food was great, but I was more impressed with the service. We ordered thai spring rolls and pad thai, which were both really tasty with the perfect amount of spiciness (which we love!). The portions are generous and the prices are average. During our visit, there was only one server running the entire restaurant. He was running back and forth from the kitchen, grabbing drinks, setting tables, seating customers, etc. Some of the other customers in the restaurant were being completely rude, demanding certain tables and constantly calling him over for something. He seemed frazzled and made a few mistakes with us personally, however, I was so amazed and impressed to see him running the entire restaurant himself. I didn't even care about any of the mishaps, because I really appreciated his hard work. When we got up to pay, he profusely apologized for his bad service. We explained to him that we were so happy/impressed with the service we received, which definitely seemed to surprise him. Overall, the food was great and the service was so so so appreciated!
4	I first walked into this restaurant skeptical. My favorite Thai place has been Kung Fu for over 15 years, and I haven't been too impressed by any others in town. I got a Groupon for this restaurant, it was near my home, so I decided to give it a shot; I am so glad I did.This is a small and quaint spot, with a welcoming decorum. The staff is pleasant and welcoming. In addition to the surface beauty, the food was phenomenal. All items on the menu are priced reasonably, and there is so much to choose from. As a fan of Thai cuisine for most of my life, having grown up with a Thai family, I was a little concerned over the way a couple of items on the menu were described as being served. But my concern was immediately erased once I ate all my favorite dishes. Everything was perfect. The Chicken Sate was tender and moist, the Tom Kha Gaiwas unbelievable full of flavor and a mighty serving to boot. And my ultimate deciding factor dish, Chicken Pad Kapow, blew me away! A friend of mine, who is a Vegetarian, enjoyed the Tofu Pad Thai and kept remarking on how great it was (he is notorious for his complaints about Vegetarian dishes I might add). So overall, I will say this is on the ranks of my highly recommended establishments for, not just good Thai food, but overall great food. The only reason I did not give it a 5 star rating is the fact that I was not given steamed rice with my dish, and that the shrimp I requested in my Tom Kha Gai was replaced with chicken. The chicken was good, but I would've much preferred the Shrimp I had requested.
1	I'm so disappointed!  This is my second visit to Thai Original BBQ.We ordered Shrimp Pad Thai and Beef with Broccoli, both were very, VERY salty.  MSG?  I'm assuming so, as I had a horrible headache for the rest of the night.  My Pad Thai wasn't very flavorful and the Beef with Broccoli looked so gross I didn't even want to taste it.  We ended up tossing it all and having cereal instead. Sadly, I won't be back.  If you need me, I'll be at Archie's or Pin Kaow.  Where the service is just as friendly but the food is beyond amazing.
2	I've been here a few times and every time I leave thinking, meh. Honestly, the only reason I gave this place another try is because I got the Groupon. It's just ok. Edible, but not exciting.This was my first trying the Hawaiian curry. Horribly oversweetened and a weirdly thick consistency. It was like drink whipping cream. We had the BBQ ribs, which weren't anything special. The only saving grace was the Pad Thai, but even that wasn't spectacularl. Definitely better Thai in town. The ribs came with the shrimp fried rice, which I found to be the worst thing we ate.Just eh.
3	After being a long time customer of the Original Thai BBQ restaurant on Jones, I finally decided to give this place a try as it's 2 blocks closer and with gas prices as high as they are, even a little bit less driving helps. =pUpon arrival we were greeted immediately, but once seated no one came up to us for about five minutes. Once the waiter came up to us, he seemed as if he was in a hurry and seemed annoyed at us. As for the food, they do offer more lunch specials than the other locations which is nice. But, the portions seemed a lot smaller. On my second time trying this restaurant, I tried the BBQ duck lunch special. There was more sauce than anything, very small pieces of duck and a few Chinese broccoli here and there. Also, there was no unlimited Thai Tea refills. That's one of my favorite things about the other location, is unlimited thai tea !!!! Overall, I probably won't be back. The service was bad both times I went and the food was just alright. The further drive to the other location is fully worth it.
3	We had the BBQ chicken and pad Thai for dinner.  Both dishes were delicious and reasonably priced.Then we decided to get this mango sticky rice for dessert. Honestly, the mango was good, but I personally didn't really get the sticky rice part... AND it was almost $8 - same price as one of the main dishes!!! a bit pricey i must say.
4	I have had delicious food twice and my family raves about it. A huge bonus is that almost everything on the menu is under $10.
4	I'm a fan only because I come from Los Angeles and really MISS TBBQ out there.  I drive about 20mi to eat here, just to get my fix.  It's not exactly the same, but will do. LOVE the S2 ribs dinner and the pad thai.
3	We went here a couple of months ago with my parents. They're not big Thai fans, but we had a Groupon and were able to convince them to join us. We ordered green curry, dearest crab, won ton soup, kai yang Thai iced tea, and Thai iced coffee. Everything was very good, and my parents admitted that it was good. They're now a little more open to trying Thai food. The bad news is there are still no paper towels in the restroom.
2	OK, I must stay loyal to Thai BBQ chain because they introduced me to the pleasures of Thai food. BUT I must say, this particular location really let me down. I've been to this location a number of times, and for my first review for them I'm disappointed to report that the staff here really needs to get their stuff together! I found a much better Thai food restaurant and will no longer be going the Thai BBQ, unless I'm extremely desperate for Thai food. WHY? Because on final bon voyage visit to Thai BBQ, I experienced the worst service and delivery. The hostess that was there that night was unbelievably rude, for example, we arrived at 9pm and they close at 10pm, so when she greeted us she looked at her watch and rolled her eyes. Not to mention the mean mug we saw when we first walked in. Then to follow, literally two minutes after we sat down, she came up to us and asked us if we were ready to order, she didn't even ask if we wanted something to drink first. As we waited for our meal we glanced over at her and noticed that 1) she never smiled (looked extremely angry) and 2) Was talking on the phone while she sat other guest. This had to have been the worst hostess in the world!! OK so got our meal and felt extremely uncomfortable every time the waitress came by- which wasn't a whole lot and finally time to leave- we decided to be nice and leave a tip of $1 even though we felt she really didn't deserve it. Meal was less than $20. As we walked out to our car we glanced back and noticed the waitress mad-dogging us as we left! NO JOKE! She had the blinds open and was staring us down. Then she followed us outside, stood there, and gave us a look of death! I'M NOT KIDDING. ON TOP OF THAT she came out a second time as we were in the car pulling out, and started pointing and yelling something that we couldn't understand. At that point we were burning rubber out of the parking lot! We understand that leaving a dollar might have been insulting to her, but we figured it was better than nothing given her crappy attitude and poor delivery. Had we known we would be harassed out of the parking lot that night by an ornery waitress we mightve brought some protection. I don't want to end on a negative note because like I said, I started out with Thai BBQ, as far as meals go I suggest the BEEF SATE (comes with a delicious peanut sauce that is to DIE for, Marinated sliced beef or chicken, in a mixture of Thai spices and coconut milk grilled and served on bamboo skewers with cucumber salad.) I've had the Chicken Sate but it wasn't as good as the beef. I'm huge on curry, and the Yellow chicken curry is good except I'm not a huge fan of simply adding sliced green peppers in the curry to make it spicy. At the very least try a side of their fried rice- DELICIOUS! and so sweet- you'll love it!
4	We ordered the Drunken Noodles w/ chicken and beef Panang curry. Food was great, we'll definitely return the next time in Vegas.
4	This small owner operated restaurant has received many favorable reviews on yelp and urbanspoon so we were very optimistic.  Ann ordered the Pad Thai which was pretty good, but my order of BBQ chicken, aka kai yang, was amazing.I received half of a chicken that was cooked until it was lightly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside with a BBQ flavor that was not overwhelming.  My plate also included a large portion of shrimp fried rice that was both moist and flavorful.  Service throughout was excellent.  We returned the following evening to allow Ann to order the BBQ chicken while I tried another of the house specialties, BBQ ribs.  We also enjoyed a Thai cucumber salad.  My wife's chicken was as good as the night before. The ribs were tasty, but too tough.  Our server on both nights was excellent.
4	I am impressed! We got a Winner! This Gem of a restaurant is right behind my house, amazing how many times I have passed by and not stopped in to give it a try. What the hell have I been waiting for? Went to dinner with my pal Karen tonight and said this is the night we try something new! This restaurant is very comfy and cozy, love the booth seating so relaxing. What we ordered: PORK PHAD THAI NOODLES, (thin noodles) mmmm melt in your mouth, nice flavor with that hint of sweet. BBQ CHICKEN W/ SHRIMP FRIED RICE, 1/2 of a chicken, generous portion, I had to take a thigh home I was soooo stuffed. Perfectly cooked literally falling off the bone and the BBQ sauce semi sweet just perfect. Shrimp fried rice is a winner as well, tasty and flavorful.GINGER CHICKEN, ordered a 10 on the hot spicy scale, perfection, juicy chicken and fresh veggies! RASPBERRY ICED TEA SWEET BLACK ICED TEA, yes for all of you fellow sweet iced tea lovers, this is it for you, black tea with simple syrup mixed in, mmmmm as good as southern sweet tea! MMMMMMMM Yummy to the bone! Wowzers! Everything was delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The service was fantastic, our waitress kept the iced tea refills a flowing and we had quite a few! She was awesome, props to the service staff! I will be back many times over :) *side note* I noticed they have a green garden section on their menu for Vegetarian style, 14 selections to choose from.I attached pictures of our meals, mmmmm!* I can see why they were issued "The Best of Vegas" by the Review Journal.
4	Return visit :)Yes indeed since my first visit less than one week ago I have done nothing but crave a repeat visit.Went today for lunch with my bestie and boy they just keep bringing it on in a good way!Today I ordered from the lunch special menu $6.95BBQ CHICKEN SKEWERS SA-TE PEANUT SAUCE w/fried rice and sweet and spicy cucumber salad. Mmmmm yummy and filling, generous lunch portion. I walked out stuffed and ready to pop!DRUNKEN NOODLES Spice level 10 my bestie Karen loved it!BLACK SWEET ICED TEATHAI ICED TEAI am going to try something different each time, will be hard as I have loved everything I have had so far!This is one of those places you could close your eyes and point to the menu and just go with whatever your finger lands on and know it will be great!The service just as fantastic as the first time! Incredible!I attached pictures from this visit as well.
4	Indeed I did it again! Lunch this time for my 3rd visit :)Lunch special menu item $6.50BBQ PORK SPARE RIBS w/fried riceYep Yep...delicious as always!Mmmmm yummy yummy. Lip and finger licking good, almost had another mouth orgasm, I was sooooooo close!Black sweet iced tea, I swear must have had 5 refills this time.Service amazing as always!
4	As part of the Thai BBQ chain that features the red script on a yellow background for their sign, this place hold true to form.  This is actually one of their nicer locations.  More roomy than most and I did spot a small stage for what appeared to be karaoke.  The service was prompt and friendly.  He was even messing with me as I joyfully suffered through my Drunken Noodle (Spicy level 10!), it's always a good sign when the server puts the effort in to make a connection with the patrons.  Food wise, I would recommend their Specials: S-1 (BBQ Chicken), S-4 (Honey Duck), or S-10 (Sate Skewers)...all served with a plentiful side of fried rice with shrimp.Overall great for a causal lunch of dinner!!
3	The place is OK.  Maybe it's just a thai thing, but it IRKS the bejezus out of me when they ask if you want steamed rice and don't tell you that THEY CHARGE for it.  My fault for not asking, but this place and Prommares(sp) pull that quick one.  Both the panang chicken and combo chowmein were just OK.  There are better places for panang in my opinion, namely Thai Basil and Krung of Siam.
4	Ok so by now you all must know how much I really dig Thai BBQ! Does not hurt that it is located super close to my house either, lol. This time I decided to order delivery rather than dine in, yeah one of those lazy days, wanted to enjoy my bed with some good grub..wink... Delivery service fantastic! I kid you not, my food showed up at my door in 15 minutes and piping hot off of the grill! I thought the portion was good when you dine in, wow tons of food loaded to the top! What I got... BBQ Chicken & shrimp fried rice Pork Pad Thai Crab rangoon appetizer OK so I had enough food to last me a couple of meals, mmmm yummy. As always they never let me down! Dine in, take out or delivery is great either way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *Delivery $15 minimum food purchase.
4	Been to other locations in town but my first time here - outside doesn't look promising, but the inside looks much better than the rest. Its decorated with dark woods and statues, the type of place I wouldn't mind a sit down meal. I came because of a $20 for $10 groupon, and the woman at the register was super sweet. A lot of times places kind of give you a little sneer when you break out the groupon or restaurant.com but she was just as pleasant and smiley. I did a to go order of ala carte garlic short ribs, honey duck and spicy beef salad w Thai tea. I'm really not a fan of this chain's shrimp fried rice so I never get the house specials. Total for everything was about $28 cheap!Friends had highly recommended the spicy beef salad, but I wasn't that impressed. When I saw slices of beef in the description, I assumed a piece of beef sliced like most other Thai beef salads I've had. This was thinly sliced then cooked, basically what they'd put in their noodle or rice dishes. Cooked with julienned carrots and served over a few romaine lettuce leaves w cucumbers, onions, chilis, lime juice and cilantro. I got 5 out of 10 spicy and it had just enough heat for me. The garlic shirt ribs are probably my fav dish there. Its a generous portion of little pork ribs fried super crispy and dredged in a sweet soy sauce. It reminds me of Hawaii style Korean chicken. Yum! Ribs are mostly meat, a lot of boneless chunks and not too fatty which is a plus.Honey duck was also disappointing, but at least reasonably priced. A half (small) duck for $8. It says roasted but I'm pretty positive it was fried. It was really crispy like the ribs but meat was pretty dried out. Had no seasoning or taste on its own, but served with a sweet honey sauce on the side. It was a ton of food and with 2 ppl sharing we still had a lot left over. This is the best of the original Thai BBQ chain in Vegas, and I'd definitely come back (because I bought 2 groupons!)
4	Love this place great food! I go here with my sister for lunch she got me hooked... I usually order the Pad Thai so delicious and huge portions, Ive also ordered there BBQ Chicken that's to die for such tender chicken falls right off the bone, and the sauce mmm mmm good!!! The BBQ Chicken also comes with a huge serving of fried rice best fried rice Ive ever had! Every time i go i also order there sweet tea its so refreshing. Next time i go I'm gonna try the Chicken Sate One of my favorite Thai places ever , great food, good service and great prices especially if you go for lunch!
4	Do NOT leave this place without trying the Chicken/Beef Satay or the Shrimp Fried Rice!!!
4	My sister and I got take-out from this place not too long ago using a Groupon and it was delicious!! She picked up the food so I can't comment on the restaurant or staff, but the food was wonderful.  We shared the vegetable egg rolls, the BBQ chicken dinner, and BBQ pork spare ribs dinner.  The chicken and pork were incredibly flavorful and cooked perfectly, and it came with tons of shrimp fried rice that's loaded with shrimp.  On the side was their "house sauce" which is a sweet-spicy sauce that is HIGHLY addictive and I poured it over everything on my plate :) The portions of the entrees were very generous too -- you could easily get 2 meals out of each entree.  The egg rolls were tasty too but I think they were fried a little long... but yummy nonetheless.Definitely try this place if you're in the mood for some Thai BBQ food -- you won't be disappointed!! :)
5	I've only been at this particular restaurant once and recall the service being quick.  I love their rice, that sweet and sour sauce, Thai ice tea and shrimp.  It's always a delight and very affordable.
4	Always great food. Service can be a bit better but they're always nice
4	My husband and I always go to this place! We absolutely love it. The servers are always very friendly to us. Plus, the food is amazing!I either get the chicken curry or the bbq chicken. I recently tried the pineapple curry.. and as a request, they even did half chicken & half shrimp for me.My husband usually gets the chicken curry or the broccoli chicken.I've tried the crispy duck but wasn't really impressed, but everything else is pretty delicious. The curry is mild, well to me anyway. It has a very tiny kick to it. I wish sometimes that they would give us an option on the spicy level.The servers are always nice.. they're not super attentive like what you would come across in a neighborhood restaurant (Applebee's, Chili's, TGIF, etc). But that's to be expected at pretty much any Asian restaurants. The only reason I'm docking off a star is because I would like the option of determining how hot & spicy the dishes should be. (Other Thai restaurants do this)
5	Yet another great experience I went here with my friend Tracie another fellow yelper.Great food as usual I got the BBQ Chicken lunch special which came with their delicious fried rice.  I also ordered the crab rangoons which i must say were a little disappointing, I didn't taste the cream cheese or crab so I wont be ordering those again. Of course the BBQ chicken was o so tender and flavorful as always, with that sweet special side sauce and to wash down this wonderful meal I had their thai tea which was yummy.I do recommend this place if your a fan of good quality food for a good price!
4	My first experience here was great. I called and placed my order and the waitress was very courteous and helpful.  I ordered Spring rolls, pad Thai,drunken noodles with beef, and the garlic short ribs. The total came to 41 dollars and we got home the food was piping hot and delicious. The spring rolls were nice and crisp and came with a sweet sauce to dunk them in. The pad Thai was ok,I have had better but it was chock full of fresh veggies and had a nice flavor. I ordered the drunken noodles with a spicy level of 8 and they were tolerably spicy and oh so good! Loved all the flavors and the hint of fresh basil. The beef was sliced thin and very tender. I would have to say the star of the meal were the BBQ pork ribs. Big, tender, sticky and sweet.  Wow!  The garlic short ribs were good too but next time will just order the pork ribs and drunken noodles.
5	Love the food! A+++
1	the absolute worst service EVER!!!!!
4	The chicken satay is always a safe bet.  I don't know what they do to their rice that comes with the satay plate but that crap is effin delicious!
4	My husband and I usually order take-out once a month from Thai BBQ. It is a pretty decent thai restraunt where you can get a good deal for your money. We've tried a lot of items from the menu such as the drunken rice (awesome), all of the curries, tom kha and all of the lunch specials. The only thing I am not crazy about are their noodles, but other than that the food is solid and well priced!
2	My first and last time eating at Thai Original BBQ.  Oooooh, how dramatic!  I bet you can't wait to see what disaster I incurred!   Well, none.  I got the right food that I ordered, it was close enough to being available at the time promised, and the service and price were fine.   No, the reason I won't be back is that compared to all of the other quality Thai offerings Vegas has to offer, it simply wasn't good enough.  I will be the first to admit that Thai BBQ is suffering the affect of being the ~21st Thai restaurant I've tried here in Las Vegas, many of which are outstanding in every aspect.  I can't help but compare any new Thai restaurant to class acts such as Weera Thai or Prommares, neither of which is exceptionally far from this location of Thai BBQ.   All that being said, let's get to it:I called in my order of a Chili Chicken lunch special because it seemed closest to what I normally order when I get Thai and also because of the lovely photo uploaded of the same dish in the photos here.  No seriously, look at this beautiful dish:  http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/IBxLi-C_it0Rm-m6N0TQDg/l.jpg     I was told it'd be ready in 15 minutes and I arrived probably a few minutes beyond that.Upon entering it took a few minutes for the solitary server to get my order.  It wasn't an extremely long wait and she did seem very busy waiting actual tables so it didn't bother me.  If she was on her phone using snapchat or tumblr or sextor or whatever new app the kids use nowadays, I'd be a little more bothered by this.  Got back to my office and was a little disappointed in a few things.  1) That pic I posted above?  Mine looked nothing like that.  The chicken was chopped up sloppily and not beautifully ground up as you see above.  It was like going to Wendy's and expecting to get that 99 cent burger that can barely fit in Wendy's mouth on the commercial, only to receive one that your pet hamster can gobble in one bite.  2) No eggroll.   As a matter of fact, there was nothing but the chicken dish and the rice.  Now nothing extra was promised or advertised, but it seems pretty customary for most Thai restaurants to provide SOMETHING with the lunch special besides the discount.  If anything it adds a little value that I could have used after being charged $2 for my brown rice upgrade.   The food that WAS provided, tasted okay, but not great.  The rice seemed a little mushier than I prefer, and as I mentioned before the chicken was pretty haphazardly chopped up.   Sorry Thai BBQ, that ultimately winds up being worth 2 stars.  If you'd have gotten to me a year ago, you probably would have eeked out a 3.  Where's Doc Brown when you need him?
5	We came in, and knew exactly what to get... Thai Tea... unlimited refills is absolutely amazing. The Thai tea has unlimited refills because they make the Thai tea themselves. Many restaurants buy them in bottles or large volumes, pre-made.The service is incredible.For food, I got the beef satay dinner which comes with a large amount of food for anyone 6 satay sticks and two huge scoops of shrimp fried rice.The satay beef is extremely flavorful, and you can tell they are authentic by the way they marinated their beef for days. The panang curry is perfect because the beef is not just solid meat pieces, but includes plenty of fat which makes any/all curries delicious!!!A must try for Thai-lovers!
4	Ordered take out for the wife and I. We ordered Tom Kha Gai soup, chili beef, and ginger chicken.The soup is always tasty wherever we get it.  It has a nice tartness and richness to it. Lots of good flavor. The chili beef had a lot if flavor.  I would recommend it.  Spicy and great taste.  The ginger chicken was also good.  A lot of ginger though.  My wife loves ginger and absolutely loved this dish. I like ginger and didn't really care for it. Overall a good experience.
4	Great food... really good serving portions and friendly service
2	Oh no, don't expect me to give this place a 3 star or higher rating.I got home late one night and all of my roomies ate already and didn't save me any dinner. I was like a hungry child from a third world country. Decided to hit up this place cause it's seriously near my house. Got the pad thai and asked for #7 spicy. Nope, not spicy at all. I had to put sriracha on it. The service was...eh. Girl was confused the whole time. I asked her if there was a minimum on the card and I got a blank stare and she recommended me to get the egg rolls on the menu. Seriously.Oh yeah, btw no free refills on thai iced tea. I don't even like thai iced tea. Haha.
5	The one from downtown relocated here.  I feel like it is just as good based on what I had.
4	Surprised to see that this place was pretty empty when I came in on a Saturday evening (I think this place caters mostly to the weekday lunchtime crowd) though it could be attributed to the fact that the inside is much larger than what the storefront suggests.  Atmosphere was pretty ambient and soft, and food was pretty average for Thai food.  The spicy catfish, chicken and garlic chicken were too sweet for Thai food and not as spicy as some other places (definitely a more Americanized version of Thai).  Still, a solid choice for Thai.  Service was quick and the waitress was really friendly (came in every ten minutes to check in on my party).  In all, I would still prefer some other Thai choices that are in the immediate vicinity, but would definitely come here for the lunch specials.
5	I first ate at this restaurant in Los Angeles back in the early 90's. The food was so good that after I moved away, I tried and tried to find something similar...including trying different recipes myself. Nothing ever came close. The Satay is out of this world. I was so happy when I found this restaurant in Vegas, that now every time I go thru Vegas I stop there. Must have.!!
5	Wonderful, authentic Tom Yum and Sa te. Light and flavor packed. Great service, fast and friendly. Would visit here often if I lived in Vegas.
4	We've been coming here for 10+ years.  Always seem to get the beef satai.  Cucumber salad mixture is good but we always steer clear of the peanut sauce dip.  Thai iced tea is easily the best in town with a caffine kick. Free refills make it a steal.  Barbeque chicken is very very good.    Always busy but service is fairly quick.
3	My family & I usually go to the location on Flamingo & Jones but came to this location instead since we had a big party of about 20 people plus 1 child and 2 babies. The food was good like it always is. It's family style so you can share everything. They were out of beef satay :( & only had sodas, Thai tea & water available to drink which was a big inconvenience for the babies & my niece since they wanted apple juice. Also, there was only 1 server the whole time we were there. Luckily there was only 1 other table eating when we arrived. I felt bad for the server for having to take care of such a large party by himself but he did a good job on checking on us and making sure to take away each cleared plate. The bathrooms are pretty gross. They smelt weird and need some extensive cleaning. Overall our experience was normal but I'd much rather go to the other location.
3	I normal go to the location of flamingo and jones but this one is closer to my house.The location is much bigger and has more available sunlight that the jones location so I do like that. The dining area is clean and well kept. I have never been in their bathroom so I cannot comment on that. I ordered their Thai Beef Jerky with a side of sticky rice. This dish is always good and the dipping sauce is tasty. I also ordered chicken Pad Thai. I asked for medium spice. My pad Thai had no spice at all... Just that slices of bell pepper were added to it... Never ever have I had or seen bell peppers in pad Thai. So I was extremely disappointed that was added because it distinctly changes the chemistry and flavor. That jones and Flamingo location has never put bell peppers in my pad Thai. And there was no lime on my plate so when I asked for lime... I was disappointed to find out they had no limes just lime juice. Food overall is still good but I prefer the jones and flamingo location.
