4	19 times out of 20 when we get Red Devil it's pizza and it's take out.  The pizza a really good and perfect take out.  If I had to be critical I'd say it can be a tad greasy, but its good pizza.In the dining room the Italian food is really good.  The Chicken parm is perfect and all the dishes are quality with generous portions.  If you want classic Italian you can't go wrong at Red Devil (and that goes for all the locations)
5	Thanks once again to the magicians at Red Devil for being the culinary hit of my recent student-oriented convention. You know how it's nearly impossible to get kids to turn things like permission slips and registration forms in on time? Well, Red Devil can accommodate! A basic order to feed over 200 was placed about 72 hours in advance (but they only require 48! Good to know for last minute big parties) and then was added to with no complaints the day before the event. The biggest hits were the meat lasagna and the alfredo pasta with broccoli and large pieces of tender white chicken. The rolls and salads were gobbled up in no time. Red Devil even made a vegan pasta and a gluten-free salad for those with special dietary needs. Everything was delivered hot, fresh, and on time, complete with plastic ware, plates, and napkins. Last year, due to the location of the convention, I used my local McDowell Red Devil. This year, it was at my school in NoSco, so we went with the Bell location. It's great to know that there is consistency in the quality of the food, generous quantity, and outstanding service at both locations. Red Devil, te amo!
5	Pizza as good as mozza or bianco, statement.
4	The good:PizzaSoupSaladsWingsNot so good:PastaI never get the pasta here because from my experience it just isn't great and if I am going to eat pasta I want it to be great.  Other than that it is really good.  The service has always been good.  I would recommend it.
3	Have been coming here every so often for the last 5 years.  Food can be great at times, but can also disappoint depending on what you order.  Pizzas are very good and consistent every time we get them.  Pastas are equally consistent, but that is not a good thing.  Lasagna is overcooked and a mess even for lasagna.  Salads are fresh and crisp.  Service is usually quite attentive and last night was no exception.  That had a decent crowd for a Wednesday night and our server was all over it.  We will be back but will probably stick to pizza & salads.
4	The best delivery pizza in NE Phoenix.  If you're looking for NY style pizza, Red Devil is the place to call.  Suffice to say they know their stuff.  The wings are pretty good too.  Never, ever had a problem with messed up delivery or food.  It's pretty heartwarming that the place on McDowell we used to go for b-day parties in the '60s is not only still there, but is still serving darned good pizza and followed me to the new neighborhood with it.
2	We both ordered pasta dishes...so not sure on pizza; which from what I read is there best item.As far as the pasta dinner......salads were crsip, fresh, dressing OK...nothing special. Dinner rolls warm but doughy or chewy. I had pasta with red sauce + meatball and Italian sausage........sauce was blah......right out of a can, sausage very average. Wife had a chicken alfredo type item...also very average.  Service was good, meal came quickly..in and out in 45 minutes. Everythng appered very clean.  Overall ....I wouldn't go out of my way to get pasta type dishes...I'd give it a try for pizza and see how that goes.  Overall value is average.
3	Went back for pizza a couple of weeks later and pizza was good. Fresh ingridents, mushrooms, green peppers etc......go for the pizza!Good value fast service.
5	Luckys closed so that left me looking for new pizza. I am not sure why we never ordered from here before I mean this place has been there forever!! I am glad we finally tried it pizza and wings it was gooood! The sauce is fresh tastes like its supposed to and not sweet or sugary like some other place. I am pretty picky with the pizza and ordered from here 3x now without reading about it here first. Now I know not to order anything but the pizza which is fine by me!
5	There very few Restaurants in Arizona that have been around for decades. That's right decades!! 50 years is no flash in the pan, in fact most restaurants fail to see a 20th birthday. There is a reason why Red Devil continues to grow throughout Arizona and the reason is quality. Everything is fresh. The pizza is awesome. I was born in Brooklyn, NY and I do really like pizza. I won't compore this to NY pizza because it is not. That being said I find it just as good as any pie I have ever had in NYC. The pizza stands alone! I have never had pizza that compares to Red Devil. The crust is not to thin and not to thick. One of my favorite parts is the outer crust, it's lite, it's got a little fluff and has a chew to it that makes it very unique and very delicious!!! All components to this pie are fresh. You can watch them "open" a pizza crust. That means you can stand in front of the pizza window and watch them take a giant dough ball and turn it into pizza crust by slapping it and throwing it in the air.  So the Pizza is excellent; But how about the rest. What Red Devil does well is stay away from pretentiousness. The dishes are classic, simple and don't come out wearing sequins. I know what I'm getting when I dine here. The food speaks for itself. Like I said, it's Chicken Parmigian and I love it for what's on the inside!! The marsala dishes are very good. I will say that the Alfredo here is some of the best I have ever had. The only problem is that sometimes this sauce can "break" that happens when the butter and heavy cream seperate. When that has happened they take it back and make a new dish. The bottom line is this place is very good and continues to prove it by staying aroound through 3 recessions and continuing to grow. You can't do that without having something people want over and over again!!
1	Terrible. Some of the worst service and worst pizza I've ever had.
4	Ordered pizza and wings to go with some friends last night and it was just what everyone needed. The pizza was better then average and I am pretty tough on pizza but for the price and taste I feel it beats out any of the big pizza chains that deliver. Wings had good flavor and the pizza had fresh toppings. I have ordered take out before and always good quality pizza.
4	I really like this place. I have been going here for years. The pizza is great and they have so many toppings. This place does deliver and they also have a pick up window on the outside of the building in front so you don't have to go inside to pick up your order. I have had so many things so ill make it quick. The red marinara here is good traditional. Its a nice red color with a hint of herbs and Parmesan. They also have a meat sauce that's good. I order the fettuccine with Alfredo, chicken, and broccoli often. The stuffed rigatoni are great as are the ravioli. The other thing I like about red devil is its not over priced like so many Italian restaurants. The food is consistently good here and the prices are right. They have sandwiches and salads as well and of course dessert. I'm always to full to get dessert here.
4	My favorite pizza in the neighborhood!
4	Ok here is the deal with Red Devil Pizza.  The key to making pizza with crispy crust is to have ovens that great sufficiently hot.  That is why I like places with brick over pizza's. They don't use Brick Ovens at Red Devil but  I have been told that Red Devil has some really old pizza ovens that are not available any longer or hard to get.  I can't verify that, I don't even remember who told me that, maybe I read it some where.  Don't know if it is true or not. What I do know is that Red Devil is one of my favorite pizza place in the Valley.  Their pizza is consistently good.  Thin-Crisp and delicious.  I have had pasta's and salads there as well. They are fine, nothing to get excited about. But the Pizza at Red Devil is something I will stake my reputation on.  Actually I don't really have a reputation, but if I did I would lay it on the line for Red Devil Pizza. The long and short of it is, I am very passionate about their Pizza.  Period.
5	My favorite style of food is easily italian and I especially love alfredo and pizza w/ wings.  Red Devil has that and more!  I was skeptical about going.  I drive by it all the time and it just kept calling my name.  FInally one night we decided to try it out.  SO glad we did.  I have been 5 times in less than 2 months!  If I could afford it I'd go more often.  One amazing thing they have and that you automatically get is their bread.  It tastes sooooo good and it is hard only eat one, I always get full on them.  Then I get their salad.  They have the BEST italian dressing!!!  Next I get the wings hot.  They are so scrumptious!  Then I have had the spaghetti, alfredo, pizza, and penne.  All of the above were so good.  I always want to go to Red Devil and my boyfriend has to remind me to mix it up.  But if I could I would go once a week.  It is a place that I feel like I am at home.  It is because of the food, the wait staff, the friendliness and the food!
4	This place is very close to a 5 star for me. At this point I'm going to say it's at a 4.5. The reason being is that my husband and I ate there over the weekend and ordered the buffalo chicken pizza. On the menu it said it had fresh carrots, celery, and onions on it. Sounded fab! But when it can out it was a greasy mess of a pizza. It looked like they threw some chicken and wing sauce on a regular cheese pizza and called it a day. And since the base of most wing sauces is butter it mad the pizza go greasy we could barely eat it. With that being said, we have eaten hear several other times and always loved it! The antipasto salad is amazing. and the Greek pizza is yummo. Their wings are some of the best I've had, and I don't say that lightly. I LOVE hot wings and am pretty picky about them. Red devil makes them super crispy with lots of sauce. If you get nothing else here, get the hot wings!
5	I love this place, I think the biggest reason I love it so much is because my old lady loves Olive Garden so much but I hate eating there, it's so "chainy".  Red Devil has great food, I've eaten their salad, wings, pasta, chicken, and pizza.  It's not the fanciest place in the world but they don't try to sell themselves as a fancy restaurant.  Just a really good, family, italian restaurant.  I've always had a good experience with the wait staff, especially Dewey.  Waiters don't have to be fake or say something special to me, I just want them to be nice, and they are nice here.  Prices are good, and their "pre-dinner" roles are amazing, much better than olive gardes geasey ass breadsticks.
4	I usually throw away those value pack coupon envelopes you get in the mail, but decided to look at them this time & see if I'd use any. I pulled out ones for the dry cleaners, zoo, a burger/hot dog joint & Red Devil. Most of them were for dine in only but a couple were for delivery as well, so I used the one that was for a 16" cheese (toppings were an additional $1.25 each) & 20 wings for $21.95. I had looked at their website before ordering & the combo (pepperoni, sausage, onions, mushrooms & green peppers-but we skipped the onions) sounded delish so we got that with the NY mild wings. They don't have their desserts listed on their website so I asked the guy who placed our order & decided on the cannolis (1 for me, 1 for hubs). He said it would be a lil over an hour & to my surprise it arrived in 45 minutes.The pizza was good, not Mamma Mia's good, but good! The wings were bomb; crispy, the right amount of sauce & they smelled amazing! The cannolis were pretty good but we didn't really prefer their "style". Instead of chocolate chips inside with the filling, the entire cannoli was dipped in chocolate. Total with coupon, $3 delivery fee & tip was $47. Not bad at all considering we will each be getting 2 or more meals out of it. We're fans & would definitely order from them again...maybe even dine in eventually!
4	I recommend the Pollo Siciliano and the Pollo basil.Good Stuff.
5	This is where I go for take out pizza.  I generally get the large pizza and wing special listed in the Value=Pak mailers I get at home.  The pizza is the best part.  The pizza is NY thin crust style, but the crust is crispy and the pizza dough has a unique yeast taste that is the difference maker between Red Devil and other pizza joints in the area.  It is these small differences that make good food great food.  The wings are meaty and tasty but are not as superior to the pizza.  As for inside the restaurant, cant say.  As I said before, I get the pizza and wings as takeout.
5	I've never ever had a bad meal here. Service is fantastic, menu is huge. A fun place. If you go in with a bad mood, you'll walk out in a good mood.
1	I can sum up Red Devil in a single word : disappointing. My husband and I both have a long history with Red Devil, both together and before we knew each other. It was almost always go-to place for family birthday celebrations and we even had our first date there several years ago. In the past three years, Red Devil has declined in food quality and taste and the prices have sky rocketed. It has gotten to the point where we now push for our celebrations to take place somewhere else, because it has been a consistently disappointing experience for all of us.  Our visit today prompted my review - we once again visited Red Devil for a birthday celebration. We opted for a medium cheese people because if you opt for one of their specialties you're looking at about $15 for a medium - they also have pasta entrees that share the prices of a high quality Italian restaurant, which they are not. We were there with a group of about 10 people and the rest of the place was literally empty. It took them 15 minutes to get our drinks from the time we sat down and another 40 minutes for our food to arrive after we ordered it. On top of being slow, the waitress was also extremely rude, although she would have gotten more of a tip than she decided to add to our bill, oh well. This is very disappointing, we used to love Red Devil so much.
4	I just experienced the food from this place for the first time. We did take-out and I really enjoyed it.  We ordered the Mediterranean pizza and wings. The wings were great. The pizza was great as well except their was quite a bit of mozerella cheese and I almost choked 2x's trying to swallow the chunk of cheese. This wouldn't discourage me from eating it again, I just might request little cheese next time!
3	Great Greek Salad!  Nice server but seemed like she was the only one in the place. Poor girl. Everyone raved about the NY style wings, but I thought thy were average.
4	We picked up some pizza from here last night to take over to a friend's house and this is the Red Devil I always went to for family functions as a kid. I love this restaurant! The pizza was delicious and what really makes it is their italian dressing.....This dressing is soooo good and perfect to dip crust into. In the past I have tried many of their items, but mainly order their ravioli, which have always been quite tasty. Don't pass this place up for tasty pizza and pasta.
2	After seeing a movie at the nearby Harkins, my family and I went there for my cousin's birthday dinner. We picked this place based on the positive online reviews. The place was unimpressive looking, but there was quite a wait which I took as a good sign (nobody lines up and waits for bad food...or at least they shouldn't). After half an hour we got seated. They placed us in what looked like an addition to the building and it was freezing! They had the A/C blasting and a ceiling fan going. Our server was very nice, and our drinks and salads came out rather quick. Then it took a turn for the worse. Well over an hour passed between receiving our drinks/salads and when our meals where finally brought out to us. During that time, none of our drinks were refilled, our used plates weren't removed, and no one came to check on us until the hour mark. When our food did come out it was nice and piping hot, but it was also unrecognizable. Every plate was drowning in marinara sauce. You had to do some serious excavating to uncover your food. And the food was pretty mad. We ordered spaghetti, eggplant parmesan, and the manicotti. Ragu tastes better than the sauce that they seemingly have an neverending supply of. And the eggplant was mushy and unflavorful. To add insult to injury, the prices were absurd! They charged prices on par with higher end Italian restaurants...yet this place is a far cry from anything upscale. Maybe this place is only good for the pizza, but based on this experience I'm not willing to give it a second chance.
4	Pizza is good, other dishes so so, but the real reason you should eat here is their white pizza with chicken and garlic.I was skeptical at first, being a pepperoni aficionado, but the white pizza made a believer out of me.Here's my suggestion.Head into the bar and knock back a pitcher. Then order your white pizza, asking for anchovies in addition to the chicken and garlic. But only ask for a few. Nobody likes anchovies, not even your weirdest friend. Next, when the pizza arrives, being the gentleman you are, you offer up a slice to your friends. One by one they refuse, making sure to squinch-up their nose while doing so....a telltale sign of their disgust for anchovies. Perfect.Now, carefully pick off all of the anchovies and eat the entire thing by yourself, and, what you can't finish in this sitting you can have for breakfast.Let this serve as a good life lesson.Always remember, if you don't want to share your delicious meal with anyone, you have two choices:1.) Spit on it. 2.) Add anchovies. Spitting is kind of uncool, especially in a public restaurant and all. This is why I'd run with the anchovy concept.
3	First visit tonight. We just had the Red Devil Combo pizza which was pepperoni sausage mushrooms onions and I think bell pepper. The ingredients were fresh but lacked flavor. I added salt Parmesan cheese and red chile flakes to it. Red chile flakes had absolutely no heat. We had wings also. Half were NY mild and half were medium. Those were excellent. I wasn't crazy about the bread rolls. They did have a nice crust to them and were pretty hearty. My preference is just soft light rolls. The service was excellent, attentive throughout our dinner. There was a huge private party in the back room but our servers never left us waiting for anything .I would like to go back for the wings and something different than pizza.
3	Been going here for YEARS!!!!!!!!! Nice to see it busy!
4	It isn't trendy.  It isn't fancy.  The chef isn't famous.  It is just plain good.I like Red Devil.  It is one of those places where ordering way too much pizza on purpose in order to enjoy it again for lunch the next day is perfectly normal and A-OK.  The service is consistently friendly, attentive, and happy to offer menu suggestions.  I can't comment on their wide variety of main dishes (which all look appetizing), because I can never tear myself away from the pizza.  What goes great with that pizza?  The Antipasto salad is fantastic - loaded with meats, cheese and even my favorite artichoke hearts.  A small is more than ample for two people to share.  Save some of that Italian dressing (presented on the side) to use as a dipping sauce for your pizza crust.  Instant breadsticks!  Speaking of pizza, Red Devil's graces a thin yet doughy crust with tangy sauce and generous evenly-distributed toppings.  My favorite, pepperoni and mushroom, tastes wonderful when re-heated for lunch the next day too!Go, sit in one of the bar's padded booths.  Enjoy an adult beverage or two (there are typically drink specials of some kind or another) and order a pizza big enough to take some home.  :)
5	Absolutly the place to eat! I loved the supremo pizza. Great service, the food came out quickly and was very hot. My wife loves the egg plant parm. All the kids enjoyed the pizza. Great place to go for dinner!
2	If you like mediocre service, average tasting food, dirty bathrooms and inflated prices - Red Devil is the place for you! The pizza is okay, but expensive. The menus, salt/pepper shakers and the cheese shaker seemed grimy and dirty and the waitress seemed fairly disinterested. My companion and I shared a pizza and small order of wings.  He had a soda and I had water. The bill came to just under $30. Not worth it for a very average lunch.
4	Awesome pizza, great cocktails, and salads. Friendly staff. A favorite!
3	Good pizza.   The sauce was better than a few of the other places I've tried, at least it wasn't sweet. But as U2 said, " I still haven't found what I'm looking for."  The crust was the high point of pie, very good. The service was great as well. Either they are going for a retro eighties look inside or they haven't remodeled in a long time. I personally care more about the food than the atmosphere, unless I'm on a date.  I have been a manager at several pizza places in the distant past and(wouldn't) recommend their cheaper cheese blend.  I will say that overall they were good and I would recommend them, but the sauce makes the pizza and their sauce is o.k., closer to authentic, but not quite there.  I know (with my picture) that this place should be a favorite, but I have to keep looking for that great pizza place that seems to be alluding me here in Phoenix.
4	I eat here about once a month or so. Only because of the distance. Always fast and friendly service.Always get the same thing.Pizza and wings. Pizza crust has a nice and chewy. Decent sauce, but great cheese and toppings.Not much else to say.Great pizza and service.Nuff said.
4	Friday night/ Pizza night wouldn't be the same without Red Devil.  We love their pizza, love their wings and love the exceptional service that we always receive.  Especially at such a reasonable price.
4	I first heard of Red Devil because a friend of mine who used to live in Phoenix needs to stop by when she is visiting her family.  I needed to know what the fuss was about and so I gave it a try. We ordered two salads, veggie pizza and wings.   The house salads was really fresh and the dressing (ranch) was really good, the pizza was not overly greasy, if you want traditional pizza, this is the place and the sizes are fair too. The wings are amazing, although I could always use more sauce, they were perfectly crispy, not too dry and didn't have the frozen taste you sometimes get with some the other family pizza places.
5	They are the best! Everything on the menu is fantastic. I've been coming here for years and I'd come more often if they weren't so far away, daily if I could afford it. They do delivery to my area now but stop 10 blocks away and I can't convince them to come a little further. We go there for special occasions because the whole family loves their food - 4 generations. Service is great, too. No complaints about anything and I'm very picky.
2	The pizza was gross. We tried to get away from the typical chains and tried this place. The pizza crust was tasteless, soggy and gross! We couldn't pick up the pizza slices to eat because of the soggy factor, but it was next to impossible to cut into bite size pieces because it was tough. So weird,  Won't be back.
4	I ordered a pizza to go last night from Red Devil for the first time.  (It's actually closer to 34th than 32nd st, right across from the Dutch Bros coffee)  It was really good!  I got a white pizza with garlic, seasoned mushrooms, and canadian bacon.  Loads of toppings, great crust.  The only downside is that they don't deliver.
5	Red Devil has to be one of the best Italian Restaurants I've gotten the chance to eat at. It all started years ago when my aunt prodded the entire family to try it out for the first time, thinking it was just a "hole in the wall restaurant, stated my another aunt my family protested but finally gave in to my aunts request. As of now this restaurant is on of my family's favorites to get a pizza from. It may not be the cheapest restaurant but it's definitely worth the price! It has an older New York feel to it and all of the staff (and food) are incredible! Personally I love the Italian dressing, i put it on just about any and everything I eat there! From the New York style pizza to the sandwiches and spicy wings. This specific restaurant will always have me coming back at least once a month to enjoy the food! I would defiantly recommend anyone to try it out!!
5	My family out here used to take us to Red Devil every summer when visiting from New York, and to this day I stand by my assertion that this is the only edible pizza in the entire state of Arizona. The staff is very friendly, always grabs us early birds our beverages while waiting for the rest of our group (almost always 10+). The cold antipasto reminds me of what you'd expect back home, always fresh. The mozzarella sticks are a nice starter, as well the fried zucchini. Pizza is thin and crispy, just like it should be. Don't waste your time with any other excuse for what Arizona calls "pizza". Red Devil is fantastic.
3	Went here with an empty stomach but armed with a coupon, because that's how we roll! *ka-ching*'They say there's no such thing as free lunch' - Well, they've probably never used a coupon. We got the buy one lunch entree with beverage, and get another lunch entree for free!My husband ordered the Chicken Parmigiana.Verdict: "It's okay but it's not gonna win any awards."I got the Spaghetti with meatballs.Verdict: It looks like someone threw up blood on Kermit The Frog's face (see pic). It's okay, but I won't nominate it.Service: The waitstaff's friendly but we got there early so we didn't really need to scream for attention like a spoiled 5 year old kid.Anyway, we heard their pizza's great so we'll probably be back to try them (with a coupon, of course). :p
1	My better-half wanted Pizza for his birthday and chose this place. we parked and walked up to a window and they wanted to take our order, i asked if they had actual seating or is this a take-out only place, they told us there was a door on the side of building. we found said door and went in, we were greeted to a blond woman who saw us walk in, turn and walked to the back giving us dirty looks. another boy came out and also gave us dirty looks. then another dark haired younger girl came out and said welcome, how many, and follow me... She lead us to the very back room, which was empty, there were no other people in this large room, yet there were many other tables open in the main dining area. We sat there and 15 Minutes later we got a waitress apologizing about the wait, telling us that she didn't know we were there because they usually don't seat people in this area unless there are a very large party. Strange. She took our order and the food was ok, the manager came by to ask how everything was, the blond waitress and other staff all walked by giving us dirty looks all night long. I suppose two men going out to dinner is a horrific sight? I will never go here again.
3	About as average as they come - we came here for pasta (with a coupon) and it filled our bellies.  The place had a very "been here since the 80's vibe", which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  I left with neither a strong urge to return nor a reason to complain.  The pizza the other couple was eating looked like it might have more potential though, so maybe I'll give Red Devil another try the next time a Valupak shows up in my mailbox.
5	Crunchy wings!!! Nowhere else seems to be able to make crunchy wings anymore except red devil.This place has a slight out dated feel inside but the delicious and fresh food makes me not care at all about the average decor.  We prefer to sit in the bar area and watch sporting events here.Red devil has the best hot wings, bone in.  I've heard you can order them extra crispy though we never have and they are still saucy goodness with a crisp!We really enjoyed the antipasto salad here as well as the homemade rolls.  Our service has always been friendly and timely.
5	Always delicious pizza and great service. We have been regulars at Red Devil for years.
5	I love this place. Since we moved a few years ago we forgot about this place - but realized that the house we are currently in is only about 10 minutes away.  This place could be considered a hole in the wall, but the restaurant inside is actually pretty spacious with rooms divided.  We sat towards the back, which is fine since we have a toddler.  Their hot rolls come out with butter and the rolls are so delicious and fresh and hot!  One could get full off of them.  I ordered the seafood marinara pasta dish.  SO GOOD.  It's packed with big scallops, clams, shrimp and calamari mixed in with thin spaghetti and flavorful red sauce. And it's a huge portion, too!  The hubs ordered 20 wings, naked (dry) with a side of buffalo and honey bbq sauce.  Perfectly crunchy skin.  I have to remember that this place is not far from me - it's WAYYYYYYYYYYY better than an Olive Garden! :)
4	Good pizza! Not my favorite but far from the worst. Sauce tastes good and they do not skimp on the cheese. Wings were very good too.I haven't tried anything else on menu and only have ordered via takeout but, I would recommend it for pizza on a Friday night!
4	We had great service here, no complaints! Bread is addicting. Portions are very large here (thankfully so since this place is a little expensive in my opinion). $17 for the trio dinner (chicken parm, cheese ravioli, and fettuccine alfredo). The marinara sauce was really good. Kind of in a rougher part of town.
3	I haven't been here in years and I am a little disenchanted with the service.  I know not to get upset cause the food is epic....Well, the pasta fagioli was just as remembered amazing...Pizza super epic....lasagna still rocking it.. So should have been 5 stars let's pay more attention to the customer & it will be just as I remembered
1	Unimpressed with this eggplant parmesan sandwich. The bread was soft, there wasn't enough cheese nor sauce and the entire bag was soaked with grease as I opened the sandwich. Not too mention, the hours of gas that came along with downing just half of this disaster. I would even go as far to say that they put something extra in this mess to cause the damage. Maybe they didn't feel like cooking anymore at just after 9pm, but whatever happened I will not be stepping within a country mile of this establishment. This Red Devil belongs in hell.
5	We love Red Devil! Given the choice we will always chose to get our pizza from there. My oldest daughter loves the Greek pizza. We have also tried others things on the menu and never been disappointed. Everyone we have dealt with have always been extremely nice and helpful.
2	Food = OK. Service = What service??
5	My family has been coming to this Red Devil since I was 4 years old, and now over 21 years later, it is still where we come for any family function, where many boyfriends have met my parents, countless birthday meals, or sometimes just to watch a game in the bar section. The pizza and it's crust is unlike anywhere else's, the minestrone and rolls are far above most italian places. And if you need a new desert to try, their house-made Spumoni is the greatest. what keeps us coming back at least once or twice a week for over 20 years has just as much to so with the food as it does with the service. With the warm, family vibe that takes over once you're inside, a manager who is always walking around, talking to tables, asking how their meal was, and a service staff that takes great care of each customer, you are left with a flawless dining experience. Oh, and did I mention that it is the BEST leftover pizza to eat the next day too?!
3	I have been going to Red devil for 35 years and even worked there during college. The food is always pretty good! Now for the bad news, we went to dinner there last night and encountered a rude hostess named Cara. We arrived exactly at 6pm and wanted to get drinks on happy hour. She said, "no but you can have dessert. This young lady should NOT being making the decision. Red Devil just took a LOYAL customer and tossed them out the door.
2	The last time I came here for lunch it was a disaster.  The pizza was super slow and when it finally arrived it was burnt.   Decided to give them another try since I was in the neighborhood.   The lunch menu hasn't changed and it still has the same dishes - most of which are pretty heavy for a quick lunch.  You can get a small cheese pizza on the lunch menu but no substitutions so no pepperoni pizza.The dining room is pretty dingy but the bar isn't half bad - which is clearly why everyone sits in the bar.This time service was much better but the food was so so.  This place was one of the first I can recall to serve a white pizza and it was decent.
5	After 18years eating at this location, I still only get delivery and it's always a pizza with sometimes wings or antipasto salad.  No one else is near as good.  Not even the new pizza place right across the street that just opened - no, we went right back to RD over 3 miles away. No one has their perfect toasty, chewy crust and just the right kind and amount of cheese and toppings. The guys in the kitchen and every single delivery driver are all great.  Never have they gotten the order wrong and I love talking to every one of them.How's this for a testimonial? We have a friend who lived in Manhattan until 10 years ago. He adores R D because it's just like what he gets in NYC he says.   He lives outside Red Devil's delivery area so every time he comes over we must order, and we bring a pizza every time we visit him.  He owes us big, but I do like seeing him so happy with his pizza.
4	Went to Red Devil on Bell Rd. yesterday (07/10) for lunch.  A little background.  I meet my brother and friends once a week for lunch.  We go to a couple of different places, and about 2 months ago put Red Devil into the rotation.  My 9 year old son has been coming with us since school is out for the summer.The first time I brought my son w/ me, he was given a customer appreciation card.  He got a free soda, and then every time we come in there, we get the card punched.  After 10 punches, he gets to pick out a fish for their aquarium.  Got his 10 yesterday and picked out a Black Tetra.  Staff has been very nice to him!Since we have been going there, service has been top notch.  Every server we have has been attentive, knowledgable, and willing to accommodate special requests.  This is a RARE find today.On to yesterdays lunch...Red Devil has some great lunch specials under $10.00  They have several pastas to choose from and all the pasta dishes come w/ either a salad or soup.  They also have a couple of pizza's on the lunch menu for $5.99 (they call it a personal pizza, but it was about a 12" pie).I have been getting the spaghetti and meat balls lately.  The pasta is thinner than a regular spaghetti and is cooked al dente.  The red sauce; while not as good a mine, is very tasty.  The red sauce is thick and not watery at all.  They give you 2 average size meatballs in the dish.  I have had meatballs at some restaurants that are so dry, you need a glass of water to choke them down.  Not the case here.  The meatballs at Red Devil are very moist and go great w/ the sauce.As I stated earlier, the pasta entries on the lunch menu come w/ a side of salad or soup.  I have been getting the salad; it's the standard iceberg lettuce w/ croutons, cucumber, carrot and onion.  What makes it so good is the house made Italian dressing they have to go with it.  The dressing has a very good flavor and they are not skimpy w/ it.My son had the personal pizza w/ pepperoni.  Nice sized pizza (no salad w/ this one).  Thin crust NY style and plenty big for lunch.  Every pizza I have had at Red Devil has been good.  This one was no exception.  Sauce was good and had a nice amount of pepperoni on it (about 3 pieces per slice).  The sauce and toppings extended out to within 1/4-1/2 inch of the edge.  Lunches also come w/ house made rolls and real butter.I have been to Red Devil about 8x in the last 3 months.  The service and food have been good each time.  The lunch specials are a good value and the service has been great.  I hope they don't change a thing!
5	We never had Red Devil pizza because we thought they didn't deliver, but THEY DO! So we tried them today. We got the same pizza we eat everywhere, which is sausage and pineapple. Let me tell you, we are in LOVE! Hands down, the best pizza yet! We will order there from now on
5	I walked into Red Devil randomly, I've been past this place a million times, never stopped, but I'm glad I finally did. The service alone deserves 5 stars + and much praise. I was greeted immediately upon arrival by young man at the host stand. I was looking to sit at the bar, but it was Thursday night and football season, so there were no available seats. The young man not only walked around the bar to see if anything was available, but also searched around the restaurant to see if he could find me stool to squeeze in. He insisted I sit at one of the 3 large, patron-less booths in the bar area even though I was a party of one. Being in the business myself, I was hesitant, I didn't want a server to lose out to a party of 6 that could comfortably sit in this booth.Amber was my server. Amber was phenomenal. She greeted me with a comforting and inviting smile. I immediately told her I would move if she had other opportunities for the table, she insisted I stay even after room at the bar  opened up. Amber rattled off the specials with ease, ($2 pints, some good ones too, as  well other great specials during NFL games) gave great suggestions when I was between items ( I had fried zucchini there and a build your own calzone to go) and was amazingly, on top keeping my beer full, and making sure I had everything I needed. Again, I'll say Amber hit the nail on the head with her hospitality. The restaurant is huge, clean, and inviting. The food was great, as was the atmosphere. Everyone had a smile on their face and was eager to help. Those are the reasons I'll be back, as well as sending many others their way. Ask for Amber! Kudos Red Devil Bell Rd, and of course Amber, thank you for a great experience.
4	I'm hanging my head in shame as I open this review with full disclosure...I've lived in the Valley all my life which, so far, has been about, oh, let's say forty-eleven years. I've been aware of Red Devil since the 70's, but I've always lived on the west side and had never visited before. Making plans with my Bestie, I decided this would be the day. We were going to a movie in Scottsdale anyway; let's have lunch at the original McDowell location....except the website sez they don't open until 3:00 on Sundays. Drats! Backup plan: visit the one on Bell Road!Greeted and seated without delay in a friendly fashion. Major props to Amber for excellent service throughout.The bruschetta appetizer was huge. I expected, perhaps, 4 thin slices; this order was the size of Cleveland! Fresh tomatoes, fresh garlic, fat bread - deliciously presented.I would not have guessed that the soup of the day at an Italian joint might be clam chowder. Let that be a lesson to me, and yes, it was mighty tasty.B's order was pasta with white clam sauce. It comes with about 475 clams and just as much garlic as you care to request. Manna from heaven.I had seafood marinara with linguine. The sauce was perfect - not too thin or thick. Several Olympic-sized shrimp, and scallops one could shoot hoops with. My parting comment about the clams above? Oh, yeah, this, too.Enormous portions. We didn't finish anything and took all of the rest to go. In order to pay penance for all those years I neglected to visit (and because I live 60 miles away and have no idea when I'll be back), we ordered a pizza to take with us. Everything else is delicious; how would you expect the pizza to be? Thaaaat's right...
4	I am rating this restaurant solely on the pizza.  I like their thin, chewy crust and the sauce is very good too.  We split a caesar salad also and that was pretty good (nothing out of the ordinary).I wish I was in their delivery area.
4	This is a review I forgot to do after our trip to Phoenix for Thanksgiving.  A discussion with a friend the other day reminded me I needed to write about this place.While out shopping with my parents the day before Thanksgiving, they suggested hitting Red Devil for lunch.  Being happy that they didn't try to suggest one of the big chain places they tend to frequent, we bought in.  From the very dated and drab outside appearance, I was worried.  When we walked inside and I saw the decor that clearly hadn't been updated in about 30 years, I was even more worried.  First impressions are important, and if I was reviewing this place on its appearance and decor alone, it would be two stars at best.Fortunately, appearance isn't everything.  There is a reason this place is still around: the food is great.  The calzone I had was massive, far too much for one reasonable person to eat.  It was delicious, the bread was soft and perfectly cooked, and the ingredients (spinach, artichoke, sausage and of course, cheese) were plentiful and flavorful.  The antipasto salad my parents and fiancee shared was large enough to feed a small village in the Dolomites.  Food portions are not lacking, and food quality is excellent.I love wings, almost to a fault.  I want to order them any time they're on a menu, but I show restraint sometimes.  On this day, I did not.  I ordered the wings.  My fiancee asked "You're ordering wings at an Italian restaurant", to which I replied with a hint of indignation "Uh, yeah."  I am glad I did.  And so was she.  The wings were incredible.  Seriously some of the best wings I've had in a very long time.  They were decent sized, perfectly cooked, and evenly coated in some of the most balanced wing sauce I can remember having.  A straightforward buffalo sauce, they were a little spicy, just enough kick to compliment the explosion of flavor.  I was shocked by how good they were.  My taste buds were pleased throughout the meal.  Basically, this place gets four stars because of the food.  The service was decent, but not great.  The ambiance and decor was so dated that I felt out of place because I was not wearing stonewashed jeans and a Hypercolor shirt.  The prices were reasonable enough considering the portion sizes.  But the food quality...all win.
