5	Update 10-25-2011 $7 Matinee Admission - Cashier mistook me for a Senior... that's OK.Went with Daughter-In-Law's Dad to see "MoneyBall" ( http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/xCvpJQKDLrYGN3aNAfEd5A/l.jpg ), with Brad Pitt. Chose Regal Village Square 18 because Dad is of advanced age and handicapped and thought a non-Casino theater would have far fewer people to deal with... which is true.Inquired the Ticket-Taker as to where the Handicapped Seating was... at the rear... the worst seats! "MoneyBall" was showing in Screen 1, which is a smaller screen with only side aisles for any kind of access. Unfortunately, the smaller screens are a little precarious for the handicapped... First of all, seating is at the rear. Access is only via steps all the way up. For DILs Dad, climbing up is OK, but traversing down the steps with a walker is a little un-nerving.Suggestion... re-design one of the two aisles where access is a ramp with a few level interruptions. And place handicapped access in the center of the theatrer.As for "MoneyBall" (** 1/2) - This is NOT a "must-see" movie. Baseball aficionados will not like it for glossing over Baseball technicalities. And the only human-interest scenes is the relationship of Brad Pitt with his teenage daughter... which really is not delved into that much. A film that tries to be something to everyone - but fails at every level.Should have gone to see an Indie... but the Dad is not a film buff...Original Review: 11-19-2007Why is this Regal Cinemas receiving five stars from me? It seems to be a Regal Cinemas like anywhere else in Las Vegas, doesn't it? My answer is a definite NO!I'm from California visiting my kids who live here and work in the Casino industry. Coincidentally, my kids only live a mile from this Regal Cinemas location. I wanted to see if they're still showing Independent and Foreign Cinema as they used to.This location is the ONLY theatre location in Las Vegas that consistently shows Independent and Foreign Cinema! This is true now, and this was true when I lived here close to ten years ago. For this alone, this location gets five stars anytime! Otherwise, this Regal Cinemas can't be distinguished from any other Regal Cinemas.There are some negatives being the only location in Las Vegas showing "Indie" movies...   1) Some lesser known films are shown to the "back of the bus"...        relegated to the smaller screens at the Regal.   2) Once I delayed watching a film... saying to myself "I'll just wait        until next week". Next week came and... poof!, It was gone! And,        because this theatre is the only Indie theatre, these type of films        are not shown anywhere else in Las Vegas. You only have one        chance!For example, this week this is the ONLY location in Las Vegas showing the following...    Elizabeth, The Golden Age    Lust, Caution    Rendition    Saawariya    Plan to see Lust, Caution right after this review is posted.Anyone living in or visiting Las Vegas, who is interested in Foreign or Independent Films should check out Regal Cinemas Village Square FIRST before any other theatre in Las Vegas.
3	It's a movie theatre.  Check.  To me they're pretty much all the same.  Had a bad experience seeing Superbad here -- the picture was out of focus for most of the film.  The staff did make up for it by giving us free passes for next time.  Haven't had that problem since.  I can't believe the ticket prices are up to $10 now, though.  Might start going to Red Rock Casino for movies instead for the same price.
2	A basic move house. The seats are uncomfortable for sitting as long as a movie. The movie did not start on time. The prices for concessions are comparable to any in town.  But for comfort and having a nice time might as well try somewhere else.
4	I agree w/ what Richard says. This theater does show movies no other theater around does like foreign flicks, documentaries and what not. By no means am I saying this is the friggin Angelika Theater or something but at least they offer some other choices besides the obvious stuff. Everything else about this place aside from the movie content at the theater is pretty much run of the mill.  I do wish the seats reclined a little.
4	Ever since my bad experience was made right by this theater, I've been coming back here when I wanted to catch a flick.  I like that it's not in a casino so it's easy to park and get to, and there's a decent little sushi joint next door and a local bar down the way... neither of which I seem to utilize when seeing a movie.  Hmm.  Either way, Regal Village Square is where I usually end up for movies, and though it's nothing special as far as movie theaters go, it works for me.
4	All the other reviews cover the details.Management should think about getting some less disgruntled evening managers however......
3	Oh Village Square, you have my childhood. I remember sneaking out of the house when I was 12 to go see movies with my friends here. Haha. After I moved back to Vegas from NYC, I had been dying to find a replacement for the Angelika in SoHo. This is kind of the best it's going to get in Vegas. This location has the most independent and foreign films than any place i've seen since i've been home. It's never crazy packed, it always more low key. I went here about a week ago to see Shutter Island, and biiiiiig mistake seeing an almost 2 1/2 hour long movie in rock hard seats that don't recline. My ass felt like I was sitting on gravel by the time I left. The projection was nice as was the cleanliness of the theater, so don't get me wrong. I would definitely go back and see some independent/ lesser known films because it's one of my only options, but big titles i'm going somewhere else especially if it's 2 1/2 hours.
4	I live next to the Theaters at Red Rock and Suncoast but I'd much rather go to this one. The seats are not super comfy but at least I don't have to put up with crowds, and long lines. I like it because it's mellow and you don't have to rush to find a good seat. I also like the idea of how you are close to different food venues so you can grab a bite to eat before or after the show. They have Archi's, a new Indian place that I haven't tried yet, Jollibees, Chicago Brewery, Round table Pizza, Rising Sun, Jack and the Box, Taco Bell, KFC, Cold stone, and soon if everything goes according to plan a Firefly about a block away. I like coming here when I just want to relax and hang out.
4	The theaters here have been well covered by previous reviews.  I like Regal Village Square because it's less hectic than others.  Parking is easy and the numbers of people going here seems to be less than Regal Red Rock.  It's about the same distance for me to go to Red Rock or Village Square, and for most movies, I choose the more laid back atmosphere of Village Square.
3	Pretty much the same observations that the others here have written. I go to the movies at least 1x a week, my 'preferred' theatre is the Regal RedRock.  The Village Square theatre did a 'remodel' a couple of years back and (I feel) their seats are awful, no 'rockers' and narrow, plus the leg space is smaller.  Far prefer the comfy seats at Red Rock.  I always attend matinee's during the week, avoiding the children & teenagers. One annoyance I've encountered:  why are they permitting people to bring their babies into the theaters??
4	This place still makes it's bills. Still here to stay... So far I can't complain about the place not being clean. But I do hate the prices for food. The theater does have good sized rooms and the screen I normally see is pretty big. Not much to say on behalf of this theater but nothing worth complaining about. Good place for not waiting in line too long
4	This might not be the newest, nicest, or most high tech theater but I like it. It's biggest selling point is that it isn't located in a casino. So, there's no massive parking garage (and accompanying traffic) to deal with. Plus, you don't have to trek through a congested and smokey casino. It's so un-Vegas and "normal" (like the theaters I grew up around) that it's appealing. Sure, it's beat up and old and smells like a gym. It's also not crowded. More positives than negatives in my book. I'll be back often.
4	I've had my fair share of the regal village square theater experience. Village is a good way to name the place, since it's never too busy. the stadium seating isn't as comfy as other ones.i love that this theater plays foreign films and independent films. and actually it's the only one within a 20 mile radius.  it's located in a good plaza next to a bunch of places to eat, so that's a plus. no imax here, nor late night showings (11pm/12am), but definitely does the job.
4	This place rocks. As other reviewers have said, its not the newest, fanciest or most technologically endowed theater, but its clean, comfortable, and shows some independent and foreign films. Since moving to the Westside of town, we've enjoyed this theater on a couple different occasions. We've found it to be very clean, have friendly staff and never be too full. The prices are still consistent with other theaters, so you won't be able to save a ton of money, but you won't have to deal with  the smoke of a casino or the crowds of some of the newer theaters. There are a lot of great places to eat around the theater, which makes it very convenient for a date night, and it is not too hard to find a close parking spot which is nice for a cold winter night or hot summer day.
4	One of my main complaints about the Vegas movie scene is that we don't get as many independent movies in town as I'm used to. I'm originally from L.A. and one of my favorite things to do used to be going to watch avant garde and independent movies. Most of the theaters in town tend to carry the more mainstream fair, so it's nice that Regal Village Square 18 is my go to theater when I'm in the mood for something a little more off-beat or a foreign film. They don't have everything that L.A. has to offer, but they have a much better selection than anyone else around town I can think of.This isn't the most advanced theater. They don't have stadium seating or even super comfy chairs and all the fanciest sound systems, but they are clean and timely and they have some great food choices really close by like the new Firefly and Archi's .
5	They show the films I like to watch and it is not crowded.  I hate walking through smoky casinos to catch a movie in this town.  Cinemark has most of the weirder indies and Village has the more popular ones. Skip the coffee though it is made by a machine(ick!)
4	I got to watch a movie at Regal Village Square 18 because they had an international movie screening here. For an evening showing tickets were $11. There were a fair amount of folks when we went but it was nice that the ticket line moved pretty quickly. It was also nice that when we got inside that the  lines at the concession stands moved quickly too. Pricewise the goodies at the concession stand were expensive. Itwas $5.50 for a medium soda and the soda was more full of ice than soda itself.The overall movie theatre was nice and clean. That is always a plus!The theatre inside was neat and the bathrooms were fairly clean too.I had a pretty good experience watching the movie here. Big kudos to this place for always being a venue for foreign films!I liked the location of this theatre. It is in a nice big plaza where there are some nearby restaurants like Jollibee to eat at. I also liked how at the outside of the theatre they have round tables were folks can sit down, talk and eat.
3	Regal Village square is a free standing theater that is a nice alternative to having to go into a smoke filled casino in order to seeing a movie. I don't necessarily love the shopping center that it's in since so many businesses are out of business there and it seems run down also the seats don't rock which I would prefer but the sound system is good . I hope this theater can hang on in light of the high occupancy rate surrounding it.
4	Lets go watch a movie! This is one of the theaters we go to if we can't make it to Red Rock, or any of the others who offer 5$ Tuesday movies (or in Red Rocks case any movie before noon m-f for 5$) This is the only reason I don't give it 5 stars! I love to see movies, but paying almost adult price for a 5 yr old child is nuts! Yea they sit in a seat, but seriously? Half the time he doesn't pay attention to the movie or sits on my lap!!The theaters are very spacious and clean! One time we went the attendant came in about 12 times to count or whatever, so it was distracting. After that it was OK, and not being a casino and smelling the smoke as we walk out is a plus!!The treats are expensive but since I signed up for the regal club I get 2$ popcorn on Tuesday and after many times of going they start giving you freebies!! I got a free small popcorn after going like 3 times.All in all, its a nice alternative to any of the casino theaters and its close to my apartment!! Will def be back!
5	I grow up on a small island, theaters showed only 4 movies at a time, so you can understand my simplicity. Coming here reminds me of an episodes of Are you afraid of the dark not that its dark but how its laid out. Outside ticket booth, movie titles in large letters, and large glass windows in front. Large lobby and high ceilings, long hallways stretching left to right leading to the movies, there had to be at least 20 viewing rooms.I've been to a few movie theaters here in Vegas and most of them don't have the same look or feel. Because their in hotels, casinos, or shopping centers.Also like it because its not so crowned or near a casino, and have comfortable seats. They often show international movies here, latest Filipino movies, and I saw a big movie sign for an Indian movie.Giant soda cups that don't fit snuggly in the cup holders and are refillable. And who doesn't love chowing down on hot butter popcorn and sweet sugar candies while enjoying a good movie. Their ate some good eats around the area also.
2	Not a fan of this place. I'd consider it to be the first generation of stadium seating.  The seats are hard and don't push back like the newer stadium seats do in theaters.  There's also not as much room in the seats or rows as in a newer theater, I'm a small woman and if I'm noticing the lack of size you know there's an issue.Most of the theaters I've been to that are a little bit older, offer cheaper tickets, this place does not.  Red Rock is about a mile away, cheaper and far more comfortable.
3	Really, I am a fan of this place... especially since they play indie films.  I would have totally given them a 5 star if it wasn't for the fact that the service itself wasn't great and that their bathrooms were out of service.  I had to go use the bathroom at a nearby restaurant, which I found to be pretty inconvenient.  Aside from that though, I like this movie theater and the fact that the location is so conveniently located in Village Square near all these awesome restaurants makes it even better!Pros: * Indie films, including international movies * awesome location  * overall appearance was cleanCons: * the guy collecting tickets was too busy chatting w/ other associates at the popcorn stand.  He literally had a line 5 deep before coming back and collected tickets.  I could have literally just walked in.* One of the works had pants that were all ripped from his ankle down.  It's not as if his pants needed hemming, but literally it was ripped from ankle down!* bathrooms were out of service.. total inconvenience.  Stuff happens I get it, but that just sucked!Tips:*  Get yourself a Regal card and rack up some movie points*  If you get there a little early, they have this addictive game in the arcade section (let me rephrase that... arcade corner) where you have to make it through this path without touching the sides (or else you'll hear a beep) while getting timed.  I'm not gonna lie.. I fell victim to this.
4	Village Square is a nice area with some good restaurants close by and the option to see a movie after is a plus. The multiple theaters allowed for a wide selection of movies. Although the ticketing office was improperly staffed, management sorted it out and the line eventually came in. Many upset patrons waiting outside in the cold while their movies are about to start is not a pretty picture.When we got in, there was still ten minutes until the show started. We got good seats in the middle and the chairs were comfy enough. I ended up adjusting a few times throughout. I like to slide down and wiggle around until I find my sweet spot. It was harder to get there, but somewhere along the line, I got there. The theater themselves are kept in immaculate order. No sticky floors and trash laying around at Village Square. Definite plus!
4	Good theatre. It's more convenient than the bigger casino ones sometimes and not as crazy busy. There is a good selection of restaurants and shops around so it's a great place to spend an afternoon. While they don't always have the best selection of first run movies, sometimes there are some films here that aren't elsewhere. Friendly staff and who doesn't love a good movie?
3	Adult - $11Adult Matinee - $8Senior - $7.50Child - $7.50This theater seems pretty outdated, but I still like it. I've only come here at night, so I'm not sure what the interior looks like during the day (that could be a bad thing or a good thing). I came here the other night to watch Shame and it was the first time in quite some time that I've gone to a theater after the matinee showtimes or without some sort of coupon, so I was a little skeptical to pay $11 per ticket (that's a month of Netflix!). I was hoping they'd have some sort of student discount like most theaters do, but they don't, so we paid full price. Since we had a regal card, we were able to get a coupon for free popcorn though, so that made up for it. The theater room (6, I believe) was pretty small, but cozy and we were the only people inside so it made for a nice experience. The only two things keeping me back from giving this place four stars is the price for their tickets combined with the fact that they don't have student discounts and the unhelpful employee that, when asked what Shame was about, just said, "That's an NC17 movie. There's a lot of sex and nudity in it" We clarified and asked what it was ABOUT and he said, "Oh, it's about a sex addict." Wow, how informative...
4	When we first moved to Vegas, this was the closest theater to our apartment.  So we made it a regular, however, since trying the RAVE with stadium seating, we kinda been ignoring Regal.Well, Christmas this year, my niece gave us some Regal gift cards, and well, we decided to use them and revisit what was once our favorite theater. We made our way in amongst a few dozen senior citizens, and into an very empty theater.  The chairs were big and comfortable, but not quite the same as the stadium seats we have gotten use too.We enjoyed the movie, and the overall experience at this theater was good, clean, even temperature and not crowded.  Best of all, we went for free, using the gift cards.
4	Not bad, a lot of places around it make the best theater. Rocket Fizz, Coldstone, Archi"s Thai Food. I like the fact that they will let me bring in a bottle of water, instead of paying $3 for theirs! The food is standard, the Pizza is good. Just a good theater, placed REALLY well.
5	I like this theater, They show non-mainstream movies from time to time, the location is convenient for me, and, despite being somewhat dated, the seating is rather comfortable. I stay to watch the credits after a movie is done, and my only complaint is the kids who clean up when the film is done don't wait for the credits to complete its scroll. It makes me uncomfortable, almost as though I am being chased away sooner than I wish to leave.
5	Great local theater that is not inside a casino, which means you don't have to potentially park 1/4 mile away then zigzag your way through the casino maze just to watch a movie.  This Regal theater shows both main stream and indie films, which is another plus in my book. It is never really crowded on the occasions that I have been there, and the line to purchase movie tickets are rarely long.  Plus, you can buy or print your movie ticket inside at a self-serve kiosk, just in front of the ticket collector.There are also many restaurants in the immeidate vacinity of the theater. Most notably Archi's Thai Restaurant and Bachi Burger (Summerlin branch), which flank the theater.  Round Table Pizza is also just a short walk away, plus a bunch of others that are in the same strip mall.What else can I say, except that it is a neighborhood theater in one of the good parts of town serving local moviegoers.  It is not new or large, but is always kept clean and charges market rate for tickets and food.Parking: 5/5  You may not always get the spaces in the row that is closest to the theater, but your parking space will definitely be closer compared to a casino theather or Rave.Price:  3/5  Market rate.  Not a plus or a minus.  It is what it is.Cleanliness:  4/5  Great, considering the age of the theater.  Plus patrons tend to be more mature (not just age) and respectful, so not a lot of mess for the staff to clean up after each movie.Line/Wait:  4.5/5  Rarely any line to wait in for buying tickets, and if you do have people ahead of you, the line moves pretty quickly.4.5 stars in my opinion
4	This movie theater is a great little secret.  They play big box office films of course, but also small indie films.  Whenever I'm looking for a limited release indie, I can usually find it playing here.  Another bonus: this place is NEVER busy.  Sometimes I've been the only one in the theater, which you may think sounds weird and lonely, but it is actually pretty cool because you feel like a VIP.They serve chai lattes at the snack bar (I am a BIG sucker for chai lattes), and it's in the same shopping center as Bachi Burger, Archi's Thai, and a Coldstone.  It's the perfect place for a cozy little dinner and movie date.
5	This theater is nearly perfect.The prices are on par with the industry, but because of it's location, it is never crowded. There are also many great meal and snack options right there in the shopping center. The theater is clean and very well laid out.Also, they have Time Crisis 3 in the lobby!!Couple other things:Justin, at the door, was Awesome, friendly.We got a pretzel and it was HUGE and soft :)Air conditioning was just right!Well done!!
2	I go here only when absolutely necessary.  I've been here twice in the past two years and this is why I do not go often:1. Snack Bar does not have the candy the wife wants (Kit-Kats!)2. The popcorn we get here (1 year apart) was STALE.3. Seats are uncomfortable and they do not recline.4. There always seems to be an issue in the projection room or some kind of technical difficulty.Sadly, the years of a stand alone movie theatre in Las Vegas is over.  The ones placed in the Casinos are far nicer, convenient and have FRESH popcorn.
3	I like this spot because it's not in a casino and not packed so you can find a great seat. This time though, the floor was sticky and had not been swept. :(
5	I love this theater...And it brings back plenty of good memories of  my two children.When we lived in Peccole Ranch one of our favorite places to go was this show house. I remember when it was built and the anticipation of having a theater in the neighborhood.There is plenty of parking, A beautiful modern design as you walk in, And a simple floor plan. It is always a treat when I make my way out to the west side to see a film.I even had my screen debut at this theater in a Dharma productions film called "Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu" as the Johnny Rockets waitress, Unfortunately I didn't see the fim at the theater...Maybe one of you yelpers out there did.In conclusion a great place to see a film!
4	Located just off Ft. Apache & Sahara in the Village Square shopping complex & community of Peccole Ranch, this Regal Theater is practically in the Summerlin area...but also very accessible through main roads and  the 215 freeway.  This theater is mainly geared towards locals, but with its film festival movies, independent films, documentaries & foreign films being shown at this location on a regular basis, it makes this theater attract movie goers from all parts of town.  I love the fact that you don't have to go through a casino and through all that cigarette smoke to enjoy a movie, especially since practically all Las Vegas theaters are located inside a casino.  My only gripe is the fact that the seats here do not recline and are a little out dated compared to stadium stye theaters.  But all in all the place is kept clean and respectable enough to enjoy a movie.  Being that the place has been around for since the 90's it is kept pretty modern and contemporary.  Great little spot for a family outing or movie date.  Plus with all the easy walk to restaurants like Bachi Burger & Archi's Thai Cafe....one can have a nice little meal before or after the show.
4	I truly enjoy this movie theater as it is in a great location surrounded by a lot of great places to eat! Friendly staff, good concession stand food, drinks, and air conditioned!If you have the 2013 Entertainment book they have a $2.00 off each ticket and $2.00 off any size popcorn. We saved $6 bucks so that was a bonus!We saw "The man with the Iron Fist" it was the most recent movie we have seen at this Theater.We will be back :)Entertainment book 2013 savings this trip was $6.00.
5	They play a lot of independent films here.I love the Regal  card. We always get free popcorn, soda, and tickets because we go to the movies a lot and we always use our card.
5	I like everything about this theater. Before I moved to my present residence, this was the closest movie theater to me. It's also a Regal which I used to goto when I was living in California and they honor the Regal Rewards Card which is awesome!Some of my highlights...NOT located inside a casino. You can park and walk up curb side.Centrally located next to a couple shops including a candy store **(edible kinds, not that kinda candy...dirty minds!)Rewards cardLarge projection screensComfortable adjustable seatingConcession stand varietyDecent pricing for movies in general these daysOccasionally features Indie films which I love!and easily located off Sahara. This is the place to go....and if you have the Entertainment book 2013 there's coupons that can be used in there too!
3	Great selection of movies. It is a good place to see a movie.  It isn't the newest place and the parking lot has a lot of construction going on, but the theatre shows movies that you can't find at some of the casino theaters nearby.
2	It is all about the popcorn.  They use a poor quality popcorn, not popped wall, and sticks to your teeth.  Much better popcorn at Century theatres. Older theatre, not really a true stadium seating.  They have good films there.
5	I was running late for a movie and the concessions rep said she would have my food order bought to me. I waved and she bought it to the end of the row for me. Not 100% sure if it would happen for others but I think they are just that nice here!
4	I"ve seen many movies here. The place is always spotless. Staff is friendly, prompt and courteous.Never a problem here. I"m sure I"ll be back many times.
4	Almost every family has a holiday tradition... Not us, though!Every year is different when you're spread out among many states! My immediate fam and I are simply happy to be under the same roof, let alone care what we're having for dinner or watching "It's a Wonderful Life" on TV. It's what happens when you grow up and lives change. Django Unchained is not a family-friendly film and I wouldn't recommend taking your parents to see it. Or a small child, even if there was one in the theater... shame on that crappy mom! But it is an awesome movie to see with your significant other or relatives over the age of 17. Especially if you've had it "up to here" with quality time with the 'rents. Which brings me to Regal Village Square 18. Open on Christmas Day, showing this campy, gory (yet very awesome) Tarantino flick. Two hour away from togetherness in the dark with a big bag of popcorn is a tradition that I would love to repeat each and every holiday. Perhaps it will become our "thing"?
5	For the amount of money I have spent at this theater over the years, I should really be a part owner by now.  I usually see a movie at least once a week and a third of the time it's at this theater.  Unlike Red Rock or Suncoast (my two other movie haunts), you don't have to deal with smoky casinos to walk through and parking is easy (now that the construction on the lot is done).  Village Square itself has some great restaurants so it's perfect for dates or hanging out with friends.  Today, for example, I saw "Amour" with some friends and when the movie ended, bid farewell to my pals and then walked right over to 808 Tapas and had a dinner date--so convenient! Movies and food make me one happy chica.  Oh, and if you don't have a Regal Rewards card, you should really get one.  If you see movies like I do, you'll be getting free movie tickets, popcorn, and soda by racking up those Rewards points--it really works!
3	It's an old theater what can I say? I totally HATE the parking here but I think they are in the works of redoing it... I think the service can be a bit slow and they need to get some more ticket kiosks!!!! The chairs are not all that comfortable and the screens are just ok. I come here for the convenience factor of it being close to my house and also because it's one of the few theaters where you don't have to walk through a busy casino to get to.. just in and out. They also seem to play a couple independent documentaries and movies that I don't really see elsewhere.. I thought Village Square was a dying plaza but with all these new restaurants coming into it there is still hope!!! HOT TIP: If there is a long line outside at the box office don't get tricked like I did by the sign that says to use the kiosk in the lobby.. There's usually a short line for that ONE KIOSK too and trust me.. people do not know how to use the kiosk and take FOREVER! lol
5	In Las Vegas, this is the only decent independent theater.It's conveniently located in a plaza area that has restaurants, shops and a really cool bar (Chicago)If you're looking for a theater to see some independent movies, this is the place.It may not be the best theater for seating and screens, but I give it five stars for being excellence in showcasing movies no other theater in Las Vegas wants to get.Plenty of parking.The other plus side is that you don't have to enter a casino to see your movie.
4	I'm a big movie fan and Village Square is the closest thing Vegas has to an "art house" theater. I try to support this place and go at least once a week, especially when they show foreign films or little-known indies. (Of course, we are usually the only two people in the theater when this happens). This theater is especially good at screening Asian specialty films and very, very low-budget movies. Of course they show the blockbusters too!The theater has the old school stadium seating with seats that are old school too. Not too uncomfortable but not exactly modern either. The popcorn here is never fresh, I have never once seen it actually being popped, just being shuffled around from big plastic bags or bins and then dumped into the popcorn machine. So avoid the snacks here. The biggest problem with this theater is that it attracts hordes of senior citizens, especially during the matinees. And lord have mercy do they love to TALK DURING MOVIES. Oh my god, I literally yell at them to shut the hell up and they still keep talking. This happens just about at every screening we go to (except the indie foreign films when we are the only people in the theater). If you happen to see a movie here, think about me because I am probably in the audience with you -- and you are most likely driving me completely insane with your rude, obnoxious and inane chatter. If you can't shut the hell up for 2 hours during a movie, then stay at home, jerk!
4	I took my mother to see GI Joe at this movie theater. I am currently looking for a center to open a new exciting personal group training center concept out of Ft. Lauderdale FL so I wanted to see what the quality of the anchor facility is like. The theater is very nice the entrance had a slight wet smell (need to work on that) but the movie unit was clean, order free, and very comfortable for older seats. The sound system was very good, the screen has an awesome picture and the people who attended the theater were very polite movie goers. My mother earned her points on her regal card and really enjoyed the movie. I didn't eat anything from the concession stand as I'm trying very hard to avoid that type of stuff anyway. But I assume it is just as pricey as it normally is at most theaters but the popcorn smell was knee weaking :)Really enjoyed this theater and it is a normal experience in a square that seems to improving in its offerings of products/services. Also no Casino!
5	I attended Jurassic Park 3D with friends (I never would have gone to this by myself) and man was I a happy camper!! There is plenty of parking, no line a the window and seemingly nobody to be seen inside. The lobby smelled of delightfully fresh popcorn and was VERY clean. The theater itself was empty [SCORE!!] and this was on a Friday night! :) The seats were unbelievably comfortable, they felt brand new and the arm rests can be tilted all the way back, so if you wanted to curl up and utilize the seat next to you, that's 100% possible. I absolutely love this place, and it's located next to Bachi Burger, which is a double plus! :D
4	This is a run of the mill Regal, but if you're looking for offbeat or independent films, this is the theater to go to. I don't come to this theater often, but I do like the location. It sits in a shopping center with access to good restaurants (Buldogi's, Firefly, Bachi Burger) which makes it a good date spot. I'm sure it gets busy on high traffic nights, but I've typically only been on Sunday afternoons and it's pretty quiet.The theater itself is a little outdated, however it redeems itself by offering access to not only the current blockbusters but smaller-release, art house, and independent films. The regal on Eastern in Henderson shows some of these films as well, but not as frequently as this location does.It has your typical movie theater amenities and the staff has been friendly all times I've been there. If you're looking for fancy, you won't find it here, but if you're looking for quality, you definitely will.
4	This is THE theater in the Vegas valley to go to if you're a fan of indies and foreign films. The theater itself is nothing fancy, but it's the one theater in the Regal chain that consistently plays movies that would simply be not screened anywhere else--with the Suncoast being the only exception. Great place!
4	Never too crazy, maintained well.  Archie's is a great place to get some food before the show.  I prefer this theater to red rock's regal because it is easy to get in and out of the parking lot.
5	I've always liked this theatre since parking is easy and it doesn't get as crowded as some of the other movie theatres.
4	It's been several years since I went to this theatre. This location was not over crowded, and was much cleaner than my usual Red Rock Theatre choice.
4	Great theater all around.  Clean and located in a nice spot.  Concession stand was a little slow although friendly.  Staff friendliness was hit and miss, but overall good. Will be back!
4	Good movie theater!It is nice not having to walk through a casino to get to a decent theater!I went in the early afternoon, so the movies were not crowded at all.  Everything was clean, but again, it was early in the afternoon before the normal rush.They had all the newer movies, and prices are the same across the board it seems.Check it out if you are nearby!
4	We are regulars at this Theater as hubby Chris and I enjoy seeing a movie every weekend. Our latest visit we saw "The Heat" which was super hilarious funny!It was a very hot day outside yet our theater was nice and cool with great air conditioning! That is why I enjoy this theater, not only for the awesome location and surrounding hot spots but because it never lets us down on a hot day!The staff is always super friendly, they have great popcorn and a more mellow clientele in my opinion. Go see a movie at Samstown or Boulder station and you will understand what I mean! We love the movies!
2	This theater gets points for not being inside a casino, having a fair amount of parking, and plenty of places to eat that are just a few steps away. That being said, I expected more for this side of town. The theater is old, small and the popcorn has been stale every time I've visited. The employees running the concession stand are quite rude. It's obvious they hate their job. They never greet you or say hello. This place is pretty much lacking in everything you expect when you go watch a movie. I'd recommend skipping this place and going to Red Rock (Regal Cinemas) instead, you'll have a far better experience there.
1	1 cashier on the day after Thanksgiving- one of the busiest movie days of the year.  Line a mile long as you might expect.  No worries- we go to the "Express Kiosk" inside the lobby.  Except that it isn't really "Express", and there's a long line here as well (and only 1 kiosk).  Then the scanner to read your "Club Card" doesn't work- so the holds people up even longer trying to get their 100 points so some year they an get a free Pepsie. Then buying popcorn the scanner doesn't work again.  Then the attendant ignores a request for "extra butter" and puts on almost no butter.  It really gets a bit comical at some point and I almost start looking for cameras to see if I'm on candid camera.  Save the stress and rent a DVD- or go to a chain that's cares enough about it's customers to hire enough human beings on busy days.
5	I recently went to the matinee here to see "Betty Page Reveals All" the new film by Director Mark Mori. The theater was super comfortable and offers an impressive new digital screen technology which seemed to make the picture crystal clear. It was a nice one, and the complex it sits in is very quaint with unusual and fun businesses, not all chain stores, even a Thai restaurant. I'll definitely be back. It's at Ft. Apache and Sahara. A matinee is currently $8.50.
5	Took my wife out here tonight after a meal at the Texas brazil restaurant. We always come here after the main events when people are less crowded...and restrooms were extra clean.. And more arm rooms at the theatre.
3	Went to see american hustle here today. Movie was great.Now on to the theater.. Ok first off I have to mention regal and their frequent movie club membership. Capping people at 20 points per visit is weak with a capitol W. So lets see...17 bucks to get in at 1 point per dollar spent..that's 17..then its on to the mortgage department to take out a second on my house for refreshments..another 13 dollars worth ,which should give me a total of 30 points..NOPE you reached your max for the day...now i know why they don't charge for the membership...no free rides in life kiddies..anyways back to the theater.I love the convenience factor i live nearby and that's cool.But,who designed this place? Winston Churchills secretary of defense? At least I know where to find the nearest bomb shelter in the event that judgement day arrives. Cavernous hallways replete with cinder block walls, nondescript iron beams, and glass accents.Reminded me of some high school experiment gone bad. The theaters themselves are dated and the theater we sat in was teeny tiny. Picture and sound were fine.Personally I think they need to add some MRE's in the vending machines to complete the look of the place. Parking was super easy. Oh and i wanted to mention there was this super friendly woman who took our tickets as we entered and left the theater....was a nice and surprising touch.Unfortunately, I didn't get her name but she was in a wheelchair....great employee ! Way better then the person we asked as were leaving the theater,"where is the men's room?" doesn't speak just motions in a direction. Cat got your tongue? Who knows maybe he took a vow of silence....anyways.....
2	Not my favorite movie theater in Vegas. One good thing is that the theaters is usually empty so having your preferred seating is easy.
1	Always a long ticket line with one cashier. It's as if they don't know people come to Saturday matinees. Well at least I can't get the popcorn while the wife waits for the ticket. If it were not for the restaurants here I would never go here.
4	I like this theater. the parking lot always has easy to find spaces. you can get in pretty quick. Its a little bit of a smaller theater, I don't come here to see the big features. I come here to avoid crowds. It would make sense for their ticket person to have an inside window sometimes when its crazy hot or super cold. Also, their concession stand seems to always take twice the time as a regular theater, but since they aren't crazy busy, the person is usually nice enough to just bring the food to me when its done. Wow, that makes me feel great when they value their customers in this way and go the extra mile... or in this case, about an extra 500 feet :)
4	Went today with my kids and a friend and her kids I watch The Nut Job...cute movie. Red rock played their show at a later time so decided to come to the first showing here. There was no line, but I always use the kiosk and no line there either. It is older and it used to be our go to theatre but it looks a lot cleaner than it was a few years ago. I liked how not busy it was and you can go get refills without having to show your ticket stub each time.
2	Great selection of flicks, but management refuses to hire enough staff to man ticket window. Got here 15 minutes before start and couldn't buy tix in time. Line for tix machine ultra long too. No respect for customers.
5	Susan Behind the booth was such a sweet lady to my mother, we'll definitely be back to be watching more Filipino movies there, haha thanks Susan for all your help!
3	I love this theater due to the fact that you don't have to walk through a smokey casino in order to watch a movie. That being said, this location gets a lot of old people and families with small children. The chairs aren't the newest and nicest but do lean back a little. They are red velour but extremely dirty. I want to give this theater 5 starts but this theater could  use a little tlc for sure.
4	Regal Village Square is not just your average movie theater. Sure I can watch movies at any other theater. The main thing that draws me to this place is that they show Filipino movies here. Don't judge me. Ok, you can judge me based on the fact that I am a guy and that most if not all movies are a love story Filipino or not. I am Filipino so no judging there necessary. Hay, I gotta keep my beautiful wife happy right?The last 4 movies I have seen here were all Filipino. Im sure all other movies are awesome to watch here as well. For the record, I have seen the Hunger Games Catching Fire here. All theaters are stadium seating. The sound and picture quality are state of the art.The only negatives are that the snacks and beverages cost just as much as a ticket and sometimes even more. The other negative that really stands out is that the bathrooms always stink no matter how many times I have been here. Memo to the managers/owners, mix in an air freshener or 10. So even though this place is like on the other side of town, I don't mind coming here to watch good quality Filipino movies and sometimes American ones too. Also, make sure to get the Regal movie card so you can earn free tickets, popcorn, discounts, etc.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #64
4	I would rate Regal Village Square 18 5 stars if they didn't have their employees walk in front of the screen during the feature film squinting in the dark, looking for people taping the movie. Happens every time. Please stop.RVS is the first theater I check to see what is playing - especially if there is a limited release coming to town.
5	I love this theater.  Its the only place in town that plays foreign films although the last few months they haven't had the greatest selection of those.The lines outside are often longer than they need to be as well but they have a ticket kiosk inside.One other problem I've found is that there are a lot of older patrons at this theater and they tend to talk during the films which annoys me to no end.  I live less than a mile from Southpoint and about 3 from Colonnade yet I drive out here regularly to catch the foreign films.  Also its worth it to get a Regal card.  Free movies, popcorn and soda.  Or often discounted prices on concessions - you have nothing to lose.There's also a great selection of restaurants in the area for before or after eats.
2	$11.50 compared to others that charges $10. Why? not sure other than the location which is predominantly middleclass income. hey! in LA its $17 or a lot more, can't complain.
4	I wasn't particularly blown away by this theater, I've certainly been to nicer ones. I gave this four stars for a few reasons though. 1. Foreign and indie films. This is a big one for me as I like to go see some of the more obscure but still awesome movies that come out and never reach mass release. I was worried when moving here that there wouldn't be a theater around with that sort of selection, but thankfully this is the theater closest to me. 2. The theater itself is nice inside! I wasn't too impressed with the bathroom and hallway area (kind of cave like) but when you go into the theater itself it's really nice. It's got an old school theater type of decoration, and that attention to detail in decoration is refreshing. That being said, there are some flaws that would make it a 3 if it weren't for the above two things. Stadium seating isn't as inclined as other newer theaters, I can imagine if a huge person is sitting in front of you, you might have an issue seeing a few things on the bottom of the screen. The place was dirty! When the lights came up, we noticed how dirty the floor was.... It was pretty gross. Since there wasn't many people in the theater with us, it had to have been from before. So overall, will definitely come here again for the movie selection and cool decoration (and convenience of location), but I'm also excited to take a look at the Galaxy theaters for a nicer experience!
3	Treated myself to a matinee movie after work yesterday- Maleficent!Have been to this shopping plaza quite a bit lately but haven't had a chance to squeeze a movie into my schedule til now.I'm fond of the Regal chain and in fact, worked for them in high school.I love the format of this theater as it is the same at the one I worked at: concessions in the middle, theaters to either side, gigantic bathrooms between. The amount of stalls they have is insane and greatly appreciated considering the number of auditoriums there are.Not too thrilled that even matinee prices are $8/ticket, but what can you do?More bummed to see that there are no senior discounts for the couple ahead of me in line.Staffing wasn't quite on point- for a noon movie, the manager was on register selling tickets and there was only one concessions register open despite three or four kids behind the counter. And the line went all the way past the ticket stand almost to the door. No bueno.Auditorium seating was nice, picture and audio didn't have any issues during my visit, bathrooms were clean. Not sure I'd make this a regular stop for my summer matinees, but for sure for date nights.
5	If you live in San Francisco and want to go to see a movie it is an act of logistics more than anything else:Where can you park, How long will the line be, Will my car be there when I get out. Should I fandango to get my tickets before so I  can actually get seats...maybe it sells out...blah blah blah.The beauty of vegas movie theaters....oh lets see that edge of tomorrow...heck what time is it   7:30 pm.....the show starts in 20 minutes.  Drive, park right in front, walk right up and buy your ticket.....so easy without any planning...spur of the moment...I like that.This theater is in a great area of vegas. Near summerlin. The open air mall has tons of really nice restaurants. The multiplex theater has so many selections and is all on one level....not 20 levels with elevators or escalators.All theaters are neat and clean and are never crowded.Added bonus you dont have to walk through a casino watching a 400 pound woman chain smoking, torturing a slot machine to death ( orleans, suncoast etc etc)
4	Very clean theater, and the staff was friendly. We really enjoyed taking our family here. The concessions were nice, and the food was good.
1	I tried to watch Dragonball Z Battle of the Gods but they couldn't figure out how to turn on the sound. After 15 minutes the audience started calling for the termination of the projectionist. The slew of language made me feel sorry for the children in the audience.
3	I only went to this theater because the movie I wanted to see was only showing here. I came on a Friday and could jot believe that they did not have more staff working. The tickets line was long and slow as well as there was only one person working. They were nice though! When the movie started I could hear everyone chewing because the sound system was so low. It was so stupid! It sounded like there was only front speakers. Probably won't ever go back there because of the sound. The service wasn't as bad as the sound! They do have Nathan's hotdogs which I liked and the and was a pretty big theater.
3	Good service, good prices, but they rarely have the top grossing movies that are shown at pretty much all the other theaters.
1	On the bright side, this theater is extremely close to where I live. I can make an impromptu decision to go to see a movie and get from door to door inside of ten minutes. If I should decide to grab a bite to eat either before or after, the location is surrounded by over a dozen restaurants catering to a myriad of tastes. I haven't frequented this theater very often, but I can't say as they motivate to come back either. Got here and was lucky to have a nearly empty theater. Nearly empty because besides me there's 2 old curmudgeons sipping away on a flask and smoking INSIDE the theater. A hard glare, and they put the cigarettes out, or at least hide them. Smells like smoke now though...After having to move 3 times to find a seat to finally find one that wasn't broken in some way, I end up in the last row behind the drunkards and the movie starts. About 40 minutes in, and dumb & dumber start smoking again, one of them standing up while doing so and making a successful attempt at blocking the screen. I put my drink down, go outside to find an employee, and NO ONE is around. Booth is closed, snack bar is closed, and the lobby is a ghost town. Get back inside to my seat to find dumb & dumber still smoking, but now at least taking turns going in the back row so the smoke doesn't hang in front of the screen. Movie wasn't bad, but unfortunately these jokers ruined the experience. Management not leaving any employees around to handle issues that might arise guarantees next time I'll drive 5 minutes further down the street and visit one of the theaters that know how to fix the seats and enforce no smoking areas.
1	This theatre is almost comedic it is so sad ; the lighting, the lobby & the sorry staff! None seem to have ever worked - let alone interacted - with humans before Ugh !!! Inappropriate comments , lackluster skills, poor grooming. This eve we purchased tix for a  6:45 pm film -(2 adults) Popcorn & diet coke   ( Total around 36.$ ) after only 30 mins of a 2 + hour film  -- we could not stand another moment of the abhorrent slow moving poorly written & acted film We left the theatre I proceeded to  attempt to find a staff member in the lobby or at the box office ....Not an easy feat ...After a hunt I approached a young woman & asked if she was a manager. -- she said " well kind of.  Yes"I told her that we HATED the film & that we were not going to sit thru another 90 minutes & We would be pleased  with passes for  another film .Her reply : " sorry. Make a better choice next time - 'they ' won't let me give out passes anymore " (((By the way.  There were literally only 2 other people in the theatre ...so we aren't the only people to have been underwhelmed with /by this movie))This is a very sorry situation for a movie theatre in a high end neighborhood such as this Regal is ( Summerlin) Hopefully a more sophisticated & customer friendly entity will open a great theatre in the neighborhood featuring smaller indie & foreign films  ( such as the Landmark in Los Angeles does) It is apparent that Regal management cannot hire enthusiastic, customer friendly, and appropriate staff at their Las Vegas venues Shame on Regal powers that be for not being more on top of things !!!!
5	The theaters were clean and the staff were extremely nice.  Went to see St. Vincent and the movie was good, there was a lady playing around on her phone during the movie and the usher corrected her and she stop and the movie went on without a hitch. The Popcorn was hot and not over salted and the  and the over all experience was outstanding. This theater play a little off the regular mainstream movies, they play more of the cultural enrich movies.
4	This is a very nice theater.  The only thing that bothers me here is that the seats are dirty and disgusting.  They need to deep clean the seats with shampoo.  For that reason I only rate this place at four stars.
5	Really nice staff at the Regal - good people and very friendly. Theaters and bathrooms were clean, parking ample, and sound was good.
3	The only reason why I'd give them 3 stars is that they do show lot of limited run movies. Its a good place to watch foreign Oscar worthy movies, and Bollywood movies. As per the theater, its clean, but the seats are uncomfortable and ticket prices are ridiculous for the type of service you get.
4	I've been spoiled by the luxury theaters!!!This theater is nice and very clean, but I still prefer the luxury theater that provide wine and reclining leather chairs.
3	This is a movie theater that I like going to watch movies but last week I went to see The Equalizer at 10:00 pm but once inside the room we start to feel an unpleasant odor, I did not know where it came from but it was a little intense, nothing nice, like 30 minutes later  we could not feel the smell anymore, but had a nasty time, it was the first time something like this was happening, and hopefully will not happen again because we love the movie theater.
