4	Spent evening of opening night on NYE here... Staff was friendly and fun, food was delicious.... Don't pass on the pork belly. Upscale gastropub, perfect to start off or end your night. Consider sitting in the pub tables in the front, great people watching and less wait! Thanks Amelia and Chris for ringing in a great 2012 with us! Side note; bathroom mirrors way too dark, cocktail waitresses very sweet but shoes too uncomfortable for them to work a long night on hard floors... Go for sofft heels!
4	Jim G. and I went here twice during our brief Vegas NYE jaunt.  As they just opened on Dec 31, 2011, they're definitely the new kids in town.The reasons to rave about this place:-It's really cool.  The outside is cool, with wide open spaces to see into their bar, into their lush, comfy lounge, and the stunning oversize doors.  The attention to detail in the decor is evident. Large beer delivery tubes are great in the bar, the lounge has comfy couches and chairs with cute little pictures, knick-knacks, etc throughout, the dining room has awesome floors, great lighting, cool artwork, and awesome music playing, and the bathrooms are cute, with humorous messages on the walls ('Stay seated for the entire performance,' and, in the men's room by the urinal 'Stand closer. It's shorter than you think.').-Great place to watch a game. Lots of TVs, good energy, and a variety of watching areas (as there are TVs in the bar, lounge, and dining room).-Ridiculous selection. 20 or so beers on tap, cask ales, and hundreds (literally) of bottled and canned beers. -Service was awesome.  In the bar, for lunch, our bartender was friendly, offered recommendations, and gave us appropriate space.  For dinner, in the dining room, our server was friendly, also offered suggestions (including offering a taste of a cask ale that was just tapped), and went above and beyond when things weren't perfect, taking a dish off our bill because of my dislike of it.-Good snacks. You should definitely get the Pork Rinds! They come with a tiny bit of chili powder sprinkled on them, with an avocado cream on the side (it's just ok), and half a lime.  Squeeze the lime on them, listen to them crackle, and enjoy! Ahi Poke is good; it lacked a bit of depth of flavor, but the fish quality was great. The Potted Egg sounds weird but is really good.  In the terrine is ricotta cheese, which is heated/melted to a creamy consistency. There is also a large amount of forest mushrooms, adding a nice earthy flavor. And then, in the center is a barely poached/soft boiled egg. All is served with some grilled baguette slices.  Once the egg is broken and everything mixes together, it is an addictive, flavorful, tasty surprise!  The reasons to perhaps not rave:-There don't seem to be any happy hour type deals.  I understand the place is a more upscale pub, but it's a challenge when in Vegas to pay $13-18 for cocktails (especially when it's not the strongest of drinks) or 7+ for beer. Of course, some of their beer is rare, hard to find, etc. and worthy of said prices.  Maybe some sort of deals in the afternoon, lunch?-The mains were disappointing. I went with the Chop Salad and was done after a couple bites.  It is a very small salad (which I was told about in advance, so no problem for me, but fyi) that is overloaded with an odd Buttermilk dressing. The dressing wasn't good really in any way (for me) and the salad was drenched in it.  There also wasn't enough interesting textural variation in the salad.  It was just mushy and weird.  As I mentioned, the server was great and took the salad off the bill, which was entirely unnecessary.  Not everyone's tastes are the same; I don't expect to not pay for something because I don't like it.  But, it's that type of service that'll bring me back. Also, the Pork Belly wasn't what we were hoping for.  It seemed to lack the crispness that we're looking for. Definitely not bad, but I wouldn't order it again (and not at $26).-Perhaps just being nitpicky, but there aren't any toilet seat covers in the restroom. They're cheap; get some. And, the paper towels are stacked on the counter, which gets a bit of water on it, and, eventually, on them too.  Maybe get a holder of some sort. That being said, I'd totally go back and grab some snacks in the future. It's a cool place and I hope some of the kinks are worked out and that they become a mainstay in the 'restaurant row' area.
4	Great Place to have some Cocktails and Food and watch a Game!!!!When I sat down and looked at the menu, i thought it was going to be a lil too classy and over priced until i tried the food and drinks.  UUUMMMM Good!!!!! The lounge bar area is perfect to meet and chill with friends. Nice ambience and lighting.1-Food-  was delishh!!!! Best Steak and Salmon ever. We asked them to steam our lobster since we don't like it chilled and it was done and cooked to order. The Other Plates we tried was also worth our $$$.2-Drinks- we asked the bartender to just make something and send it our way. Each drink he sent kept beating the one he sent before.              Beer- over 80 beer selection with a beer sommelier       Wine- over 200 wines, with a wine sommelier 3-Service- was excellent!!! there was always someone available to help us. the whole management staff came by and checked on us.I would go back again.
4	4 stars only for the beers (didnt try food - food was a bit $$$). beer selection is great. i would have given 5 stars if they had more beer on draught. prices are fair. beers start around 6-7$ . they have something like 200 different types of beer maybe only 20 of them are on draught. they also have a big whiskey menu which i had none of, but next time ill sip on some whiskey.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!! Came here on New Years and was so happy returned the next day for lunch!! Must try the special firestone beer they have on tap!! I had their roasted chicken and it was one of the best ive had in quite awhile. A friend had the shortribs and was also very impressed! Must go to next time anyone is in Vegas!
4	This place oozes coolness. From the high tech looking beer tap set up, to the quirky signs in the bathrooms there are so many details that make this place special.We first went the day after they opened for some of their many craft beers at the bar. We enjoyed the place so much that we went again the next day for dinner. I really appreciate Public House because of their attention to detail.  The decor is modern and has so many interesting things to notice. They even have some fun notes in the bathroom for you to see.The beers, oh the beers! There are so many types and the taps run all the way from one side of the bar to the other across the ceiling in industrial looking piping. We checked out some football games on their well positioned TVs while listening to their indie style music mix.You must get their Pork Rinds! These are not like the ones you get that are processed and sitting in a bag for months which leave that weird disgusting coating in your mouth. These are fresh and with a squeeze of lime they crackle and are perfect with beer.  We also tried their onion soup. It was really good too.When we returned for dinner I tried one of the barrel beers which is served at a warmer temperature than a beer is typically served. It allowed the full essence of all the flavors of my IPA to come through.   Both our appetizers were solid but nothing that special. We had the Ahi Poke and the Potted Egg.  The Poke was kind of plain but a nice portion of high quality fish.  The Potted Egg is hard to describe but is basically a creamy ricotta cheese sauce with a poached egg and wild mushrooms.  It may sound strange but is a nice combination of flavors. The only disappointments were our entrees. The chopped salad had way too much dressing and the dressing wasn't great to begin with. The pork belly wasn't anything special.  The meat's consistency was too stringy and the top of the meat was not as crisp as I would expect from a nice fatty piece of pork belly.Considering how great everything was, including our service both times, I will write off the issues with the entrees. Plus, they had only been open a couple of days.  I'm looking forward to going back and try some more beers, but I'll probably just stick with their appetizers next time.
5	This place is awesome for the beer drinker, poser, or just plain hungry. Awesome food.  Order the Pub burger it will be the best burger you ever had.  Talk to staff they are very friendly and ask to speak to the Beer chicharon to learn a thing or to about beer.
4	On day 11 the bar is dialed in, the front of the house did their best with CES going on and the burger was delicious.  Seth the bartender put out drinks at an unbelievable clip.  It was impressive to watch.  I'm looking forward to returning on a night that didn't have hundreds of people trying to get into the joint.
4	Went here last week during CES, apparently it just opened at The Venetian. Poutine and house pickles were delicious, especially the former. Most of the people in our party had steak, I had the NY strip which was delicious. The Bison and T-bone were also well-received, as was the short rib. Prices are typical upscale steakhouse but the vibe is laid-back. Overall a modern steakhouse with a crowded bar and excellent food.
5	The beer selection is excellent - I had two different beers which were both amazing (~$10/ea -- pretty standard for good beer places).We had small plates instead of a full meal, but the food was pretty good. THE thing to get is the Poutine with duck confit - AMAZING. Best poutine I've ever had, including several places in BC. If only they could get the right type of cheese for it they'd be set.I'll definitely be back if I'm around the Venetian.
4	This place gets 3 stars from me automatically just for the beer selection (hmmm beer). The additional star is earned because the food is pretty damn good too. Had the Charcuterie plate and a sliced pork loin sandwich on baguette, both exceded my expectations. Comfortable seating with many TV's to watch as well. Good new addition to the Venetian.
5	Wonderful food, large selection of beer, comfy yet manly atmosphere and great service. This place is run by the same people who did Holstein's, another one of my favorite spots.I introduced the 3 people I was with to poutine, and they all loved it. 2 of them were Canadian but had never heard of it, so strange! It was one of the best I've eaten. The burgers were well cooked and delicious. The cicerone helped our table pick out a few beers, light and dark, and all were spot on and well paired with the food. I will definitely be back, and would recommend this spot to anyone.
2	I guess it was an off day.Our server was kind of clueless, and the food wasn't good.  My "medium" burger came out charred and crunchy, the side of mushrooms were WAY too salty, while the side of Brussels Sprouts seemed bland.  I wasn't impressed.The decor is pretty great though.
5	My wife and I had such a great time here that we visited twice in one trip.The beer selection is really top notch.  Great variety of high quality beers plus some really unique and tasty blends developed by their cicerone, Russell (as I understand it, a "cicerone" is to beer what a "sommelier" is to wine).Great food and service, too.  Very knowledgable and friendly staff, our waiter Tony was great.  We really couldn't have asked for a better experience.
5	Chef Anthony Meidenbauer (of Holstein's and the Barrymore fame) has a real winner here with Public House. He took two things that I love: bar food and beer - and made a menu that revitalized my love for the gastropub. It's a shame that this place is not getting the love that it deserves. The unique array of food here is really out of this world.I did not get a chance to try an entree, but I did get to sample some apps for a light lunch. And let me tell you, these so called "bar snacks" really packed a punch to my taste buds. With bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with bleu cheese (dubbed "Devils in Horseback"), that nearly made me fall out of my chair in a daze of deliciousness, I instantly demanded another order with slivers of drool drifting off of my lip. Then came the poutine, a dish originating from the land of Canada. It comes as a bowl filled with seasoned fries, topped with cheese curds and duck confit (aka super flavorful duck meat). If that wasn't amazing enough, it came with their rendition of "gravy" to pour over it. It was so good that I nearly cried, sipped some beer, then cried some more. The pork rinds... well, they were nothing to write home about. They were ok, but reminded me too much of the packaged variety. Everything just went so awesomely with my beer though.The service was top-notch. The beer selection: wonderful. The food? So good, I'm filling out postcards about my brief trip to bacon and poutine paradise. See you again soon, Public House.Your friend, and possibly new lover,Mike H.
4	Ate here on a recent trip and was pleasantly surprised.  Though they have a cicerone he was not in when we were there.Had the brussel sprouts, bone marrow, and poutine for apps and they were all good.  I love poutine and it was nice to see it on a menu but I'd suggest using something other than curds for the poutine, but it was enjoyable and all of it was incredibly rich and tasty and probably most importantly unique to the average Vegas dining experience.My entree was the Scallops in oxtail stew with some fine shoestring potato crisps.  Again incredibly rich and full of flavor, but a tad on the small side for an entree.  Co-worker got the braised beef which was good as well.Looking forward to eating here again.
5	Good decor and good beer selection, including a couple of rare bottles of Mikkeller's from Denmark. If you want help picking from their extensive menu, they have a cicerone (beer sommelier) who can come over and help out. Cool guy, not pretentious or anything. We'll probably be back.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I'm so excited to be writing a great review for a restaurant because I haven't been to a new good restaurant in a while!! So first off, I loved the decor!! It was very nice and very chic but it was not too fancy. We were instantly greeted by the hostess and immediately seated. Our waiter was super cool- he saw my Groupon on the table and was actually excited about it. He was all, " Oh great!! Groupon!!" He took the time to answer our questions about the menu and made great recommendations for my friend and I. He was also very attentive throughout our meal. I ordered the bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese to start. OMG. Amazing. They were a mouthful of warm, sweet, salty, bacony and blue cheese goodness!! For $6 you get 3 of them. I was tempted to order a second plate of it but I didn't want to ruin my dinner. For an entree, i got the organic free range chicken. The waiter said it wasn't really necessary to order a side bc it came with mushrooms and farro. It was SO good. The plate had 3 pieces of chicken on top of the farro with mushrooms and sauce. I forgot the name of the dish that my friend ordered but it was sort of like a shepards pie with a twist. There were 3 empanada/dumpling style things - this took place of the crust. And inside them was lamb mixed with a sauce and some veggies. And the 3 pieces lay on top of a potato puree with another sauce. I tried some and it was great and I don't even like lamb!! She said she really liked it. She also got a side of grilled asparagus which was also very good! We were both really really happy with our meals.Overall, it was a pleasurable dining experience. I highly recommend this place if you want great food!! And I hear if you are a big beer drinker, its even better, there is even a beer specialist on site (sort of like a wine connoisseur but for beer!!!)  And I haven't even mentioned the best part - After the groupon, which was $25 for $50 worth of food, the bill came out to $15!!! So it was basically $40 plus tip for dinner for 2 on the strip in a great restaurant. How awesome is that?!!
4	I was looking for something different to eat during this weekend trip to Vegas.  I came across a Groupon for this place.  I checked the menu online and thought it was worth a try.I was NOT disappointed!  We ordered the Bone Marrow appetizer which was still sizzling when it was brought to our table.  The bacon marmalade and grilled bread that accompanied it were both yummy.My husband ordered the pub burger.  It was huge and looked juicy.  He said it was very good, but I did not get to try it because I was too busy swooning over the Scallops that I ordered for myself.  3 jumbo scallops seared to perfection atop shredded oxtail stew with a touch of matchstick potatos on top of it.  My only complaint about the scallops is that the portion was small.I loved the decor, the staff was friendly without being too intrusive.  The signs in the hallway leading to the bathroom and in the actual bathroom stalls were quirky and cute.  The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because at the end of the meal, it took them awhile to not only get our check to us, but to pick up our payment and then return it back to us.  I usually don't complain about this if it's busy, but there were not that many people dining at this time.Kudos to Chef Anthony Meidenbauer!
5	Just returned from Vegas and ate at the Public House during lunch over the weekend. They had a promotion from Groupon and it was a great lunch. We quite liked the ambience of the restaurant and it was a very classy place. I would imagine the bar area would be pretty jumping during a weekend night as they carry a significant number of beers from around the world and its perfect for beer drinkers.We started our meal with crispy oysters with foie gras and it was delicious. The oysters (3) were on the smaller side, but it was a great one bite starter as the melted foie gras was pretty delicious underneath the oysters. We also had an order of pork rinds and they were great to snack on. For our mains, we had the burger and the braised short ribs. The burger was cooked perfectly to my medium rare request and it was very juicy and had good beef flavour. The thin cut shoestring herb fries were good too. I'm from Toronto, and it ranks up there with some of the better burgers I've had here. My gf had the short ribs and it was a big Wow for her. It was perfectly cooked and literally melt in your mouth good. It was accompanied by two fantastic onion rings on top of a bed of butternut squash puree. The short rib had great flavour and the jus it was served with made it the best short ribs dish my gf and I have ever had. The service was very friendly and the waitress was very knowledgeble. We weren't sure whether it was mashed potatoes that came with the short ribs, but our waitress informed us that it was butternut squash puree. You'll be surprised to know how many waiters/waitresses don't fully know the menu, so bonus points for her from knowing her stuff.With the Groupon coupon ($25 for $50) and one beer and a generous tip totally $40. So including the $25 we spend buying the coupon, it was easily one of the better lunches we had for $65. It's a great place for a relaxed lunch with reasonable prices.It's a place I would recommend for a pint and a burger without hesitations. They have a few other items that I would be interested in trying including the poutine, friend quails and waffle and etc.
4	Humpty Dumpty is long gone! David Burke didn't make it. And the space has been scooped up by Public House! Pinot Brasserie and Aquanox, say hello to your new neighbor/competition. Chef Anthony Meidenbauer of Holstein's & The Barrymore is the mastermind behind the menu and he didn't let me down.SHORT RIBS: Most memorable part of the meal? SHORTRIBS. Our server recommended the pork loin and the diver scallops but something about shortribs seemed so tempting. Korean people like shortribs--kalbi duh... Braised and marinated in a bordelaise sauce, the meat was so soft and tender I could almost get through it knife-less. At $29, and the priciest thing we ordered, the meat portion was quite healthy served alongside a butternut squash mash and a couple onion rings. The mash was unfortunately overladen with butter. And the onion rings didn't stay crispy for long. BONE MARROW: I wish they cut the bone in half then roasted it. They served 3 pieces of marrow bone; one of which looked like all the marrow had leaked out of the bottom (the main reason why i like mine sliced in half before being cooked). However disappointed I was to scrape the last bits out of that bone, the other 2 were 100% amazing. Marrow, carmelized onion on a piece of crusty bread--win. $14CANADIAN-FRIENDLY: Not that any place is anti-Canadian, but with as many people I meet on the Strip from the North, I might as well mention Public House serves POUTINE! The upscale Vegas version of course: crispy shoestring fries, cheese curds, and duck confit that will cause some unintentional drooling. All topped with bordelaise "gravy." They really like bordelaise here? As delicious as this was, I found it a tad bit on the salty side and the cheese left a bit of grease at the bottom of the bowl. $9VARIETY: The menu is reasonably sized and moderately priced offering many options from all the usual animals: cow, chicken, pig. But they also feature quail and other classics from the sea. The person I was with isn't a seafood person; but next time, I'm not holding back! I wanna get into some of the muscles and oysters here.BEER: There are a million beers on the menu but I had a couple glasses of one of my favorites: Delirium Tremens--a belgium ale that's so much better on tap and almost 2x the alcohol content of regular beer. Next time, I'll venture to try some obscure varieties I've never heard of.The food quality in lieu of the beer offerings and dining environment make Public House a shoe-in on my hit list. The music isn't so loud where you can't have a casual business meeting here. But the decor and low-lighting makes this a wonderful date spot. Looks like this place gets pretty packed so I recommend making a reservation.Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
3	I had the free range chicken, which was ok.  Although it was very tender, I thought there was going to be more flavor.  The bar cheese bread was good.  The mussles were delicious.  The cheesecake was probably my favorite here.
5	Went to Public House a few weeks ago with my girlfriend!  Being a Scotch drinker.....I was very impressed with not only the selection, but my waitresses knowledge of single malts.  My girlfriend started with a smoked beer that was amazing.  We started off with some octopus, bacon wrapped dates and oysters that were all amazing.  We then split the Steak Frites, cooked perfectly and the sea bass...also amazing.  Overall great experience from decor, to service to food!
3	Okay, so we had got a groupon for this place since we were going to be in Vegas and I had checked the reviews on Yelp, thinking this would be a good place for us to go and eat at. It really is a nice place, but as soon as we looked at the menu, it's a bit on the pricey side. We are from SF and we live in one of the richest places so high prices are not knew to us, but this menu was much higher then comparable places we eat at in SF. The atmosphere is nice, but very noisy. Service is good. We had the Shellfish Platter and for what we paid for it, you would think it would have been much more food on it. Thou, it was very yummy and we got the Grand which says feeds 4-6 ppl, we ate it all ourselves and were still hungry. Drinks were good. We were just very thankful we did have a groupon and got $25 off our meal. I'm starting to realize why they say just stick with the Buffet places, where you can eat all you want and pick what you like from the choices. This is a good place for a business get together. I'm still tossed up on weather I would go back again or not next time we are in Vegas.
4	I wish I could give half stars because this place was 4.5. I was JUST there for dinner and it was so good I had to come home and write a review right away to share how good this place is.We had a Groupon for here and before actually buying it, I was fervently going through the menu to make sure it was money well spent. Yep, definitely was. Just looking at the menu, I wished I could use more of the Groupons at once because everything on their menu sounded so good! All of the waiters looked like gentlemens with their blazers and ties. It was a nice touch and it goes well with the decor. It's an intimate setting and the music wasn't too loud. Our waiter was very knowledgeable with the beers and helpful when we were choosing a beer. The bf had the Ommegang Witte which was light and had a very nice citrus aftertaste. I had the Funny Man and I really liked it. But for $12, I felt it could have been a bit stronger.As for food, wee decided to get the poutine, bone marrow, and jamon serrano to start with. You have no idea how excited we were for the poutine. As soon as we saw the waiter walking towards us, our forks were in hand. When the plate landed on the table, it was every man for himself. It was GOOD. Although after eating half of it, it did get a tad salty, but that plate was licked clean. Then the bone marrow. That had to be the star of the night. The bread was perfectly grilled and that bacon marmalade gave each bite of bone marrow and beautiful sweetness. The bone marrow was easy to scoop out of the bones and super delicious. It was very oily though and once you take a bite, if you had chapped lips coming in, you won't have them once you're done. The jamon serrano was good but isn't much to write about.We shared the scallops as an entree too and the scallops were cooked very well and the oxtail stew underneath it had a nice red wine flavor that wasn't overpowering. The matchstick potatoes also added a much needed crunch to eat bite.At the end, the mustachioed man came over and settled our tab with the Groupon and I can see why he's known for his mustache. Pretty wicked. Definitely a friendly guy and he seemed to be visiting many tables throughout the night.One weird thing for me was that there weren't any toilet seat covers in the bathroom. Not that they ran out, but there's no dispenser in the first place. May not bother most people, but I guess I'm a bit of a germaphob. All in all, great place for food and drinks. A bit pricey but well worth the money!
5	My boyfriend and I planned a Vegas weekend and the theme was "ballin' on a budget", so when I came across the Groupon for this place and read the other yelp reviews, I was all over it.We went on Sunday and made reservations via opentable about 2 hours before and when we got there we were walked right to our table. A reservation that actually works and doesn't make you wait is fantastic.  The place has a great decor...intimate but in a casual way. My boyfriend ordered the pub burger; it was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious. It came with french fries which had an herb seasoning that I spent like 10 minutes trying to figure out and couldn't (in a good way). I ordered the short ribs..you gotta order the short ribs. They are so tender and  comes with a delicious sauce that's definitely not diet friendly, but AMAZING. It comes a butternut squash puree that  has the texture of mashed potatoes but a little lighter (deceptively so, I assume). The beer selection is huge and the waiter was super helpful in helping lost people like me pick from the menu. I would totally come back here without the groupon. The staff was friendly, the food was DELICIOUS, and the ambiance was fantastic.
5	Beer heaven. The pipes along the ceiling leading to the bar may be fake, but there's nothing bogus about the quality of the beer and food. There's no doubt that they take their drink menu seriously. They employ a cicerone (beer version of a sommelier) who has crafted a beer menu second to none. With a good mix of popular craft brews and lesser known ones, there's something for everyone. The menu also includes several barrel aged beer and cask beer. If you're as uninformed as me, take a few moments to chat with the cicerone, Russell Gardner, who will gladly drop some knowledge on you.Make sure you look at the serving size listed in the menu for each beer. I ordered the Uinta Labrynth Black Ale without doing so and ended up with a whole bottle (750ml) all for myself. Not that I minded... it was so good that I didn't want to share. It was a good thing that my wife was willing to drive home.The food here is a perfect match for the beer. It isn't just upscale bar food. The menu is full of unique and thoughtful interpretations of classic comfort food.Appetizers and small bites that our party of four sampled included olives ($6), a selection of three cheeses ($16), and Devils on Horseback ($6), their take on stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. The best app we tried was their Bouchot mussels ($14) which consisted of a dozen or so bivalves in a rich, slightly creamy broth of wit beer and creme fraiche. There was plenty of toast with the dish to sop up every drop. It was so good there was no way we were going to let any go to waste.For the main course the French onion soup ($9) was a hit, as was the Lamb pierogies ($26) -- a creative version of "Shepherd's Pie" with the dumplings resting atop a potato puree and finished with some lamb jus. The short rib ($29) was a hefty portion of tender beef, but I found it to be too fatty and the sauce bordering on gummy. But, the butternut squash puree and onion rings that came with it were amazing.Along with the entrees, we tired the brussel sprouts ($8), which could have cooked a touch longer, and the heirloom beets ($11.50). Even if you hate beets, it's a must! It's the kind of dish that you'll be fighting over. The goat ricotta cheese mouse gave it a sweet taste that was balanced out by the acidity and a touch of bitterness from the other ingredients. The service made the experience even better. The server and cicerone were both charming and knowledgeable and the manager even stopped by to make sure we enjoyed everything. With the success of Holsteins and the Barrymore it's no fluke that Block 16 Hospitality has delivered another hit with Public House. They seem to have a solid understanding of what it takes to have a flourishing restaurant.4.5 Stars
4	Granted it was busy that day, but they ran out of hamburgers! The salad and the service were very good.
4	Funny. Last time I was in Vegas - April 2011 - I had a steak at Lagasse's Delmonico Steakhouse. Now in the same space there's a gastropub Public House.I like steak houses, but LOVE gastropubs. Therefore I was thrilled to try public House. Great beer selection with rare finds like New Belgium La Folie. Good menu. Preparations and quality reminded me of my lunch at Bull and Last in London.
5	Along with LBS Burger, Holsteins, and The Barrymore, this restaurant is operated by Block 16 Hospitality which is for my money, the hottest group in Vegas right now and I would recommend all of their spots. This on is no exception. It is located in the Venitian right across from the Blue Man Theater and is a perfect spot to grab a bite before the show, as I did.They are very proud of their beer list, but with places like the yard house for cheaper I didn't find it a particular draw. They do have a rotating cask ale which is unique and reasonably priced. They get a handful of casks and then move on to the next beer when they run out.They claim they offer comfort pub food which roughly translates into very rich food. They have homemade pates and charcuterie which were very good but enough to share. The welsh rarebit is beer cheese on toast which I though could have been a bigger portion when it came out, but ended up being perfect after I was stuffed with everything else. They have devils on horseback which is the now ubiquitous bacon wrapped stuffed dates. They are popular for a reason. The poutine was topped with cheese curds, duck confit, and veal gravy. It was both as amazing and filling as it sounds. I could have eaten that and nothing else.I would definately recommend getting the house made pickles. It comes with pickled onion, cauliflower, and carrot. They were are very well done and the onion did not have a strong taste and did not leave me with horrendous onion breath. I would get these again because they were so good and also because they did a good job of cutting all of the other heavy selections.
2	5 stars for the beer list, I had a fantastic coconut ale that I had never even heard of prior to visiting this place. Waiter was awful, though. He forgot to put our appetizer in and then when we asked about it he said we had never ordered it - very awkward. By the time it arrived our meals were already there. I am glad the app did show, the "Horsemen" (blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon) were delicious. My husband liked his burger but for $19 I expect him to LOVE his burger, haha. My pork sandwich was very bland and lacking in the poblano peppers listed on the menu, plus I believe it had mayo on it instead of the garlic aioli mentioned on the menu. Both of our fries were cold. When we were ready to pay, using a Groupon we told him about when we sat down for part of the check, he said he needed to find a manager. This took almost 20 minutes. Not cool to keep customers waiting after their meal, especially since I told him from the start. I won't be returning for food, might stop by for a beer if I am already in Venetian/Palazzo.
5	Stopped in here Saturday night for dessert and some wine and loved it. The food and service was excellent. We sat in the lunge and had a really cute waitress serve us. Their outfits are awesome!! Her professionalism was just as strong of a match. They didn't have a wine I ordered cold, so they upgraded me to a better selection for no additional cost. I cannot comment on the dinners, but the bar seemed happening, the lounge was very nice, the dessert selection was good, a ton of wine available to choose from. Definitely will be back
4	This place has a great beer selection!! The steaks were perfect. The staff was friendly and attentive. Will be going back. Reminds me of a classier Yard House
4	Lump crap salad and bacon wrapped dates are yummy!
4	It's all about the beer here at Public House, and boy do they not disappoint you.  From pints to bottles, cans to kegs and casks, this place has great beer.  The cicerone that they have is the only one in Vegas I believe, and he knows his inventory plus almost anything you want to know about beer.  I like their beer flights, as it lets you sample 4 of the beers that they pour, and lets you try some beers you might not try otherwise.The food here is hit and miss unfortunately.  There chicken sandwich was very blah, but the devils on horseback, the burger, and the poutine are insanely great.  Honestly, I would probably just make a meal of the appetizers or small plates when I go next time, as a couple or a few of those are enough to fill you up with a beer.
5	My husband and I ate dinner here on a Monday night. We arrived around 8pm, and were seated right away. We came here because we had a Groupon, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back without a Groupon and pay full price. Our server was knowledgeable and made a couple of great recommendations, one being a beer for my husband, and the other being my dinner...I am one of those weird people who prefer their steak to be well-done. He recommended that I instead get their shortribs, as they are cooked to well done, but are much more tender than a steak would be. I am so glad he recommended them. They were absolutely amazing, and in a very tasty sweet/sticky, almost teriyaki-like sauce (but better). I am not big on butternut squash, so they substituted fries for me. My husband got some sort of seafood platter that was meant to be an appetizer for a group of people, but he instead got it as a dinner for himself. He really enjoyed everything on it. The shrimp were some of the biggest we had ever seen.All in all, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this restaurant to anyone. Tasty food, fun atmosphere, great selection of beer, and friendly staff.
3	This place needs to decide what it wants to be.  The bar has school girl uniforms and too loud DJ music.  The restaurant has a modern feel and waiters in oversized jackets.  The bar and restaurant clash with each other, especially if you happen to sit in the very first booth, which straddles the two rooms (like we did).We had a Groupon, so we went a little hog wild, ordering drinks, apps, entrees, and a side:- Drink menu is extensive and fun. I would come here for drinks again.- Apps ordered were Devils on Horseback and Poutine.  The Devils on Horseback were alright, but the gravy on the poutine was just wayyyyyy tooo salty.  We couldn't even finish it.- I ordered the Shepherd's Pie Pierogies.  While they were quite tasty, when I think about the fact they cost $27, so it's basically $9 for each one and they come with that unfortunate salty gravy, I think that's overly expensive.- Husband ordered the short rib, but substituted the goat cheese polenta.  Again, short rib was tasty, but was it worth $29?  Eh.  However, the polenta was delicious.- Bacon brussels sprouts for side.  Nothing to write home about.I would come here again for small bites/appetizers and drinks.  But not the entrees; they're just too expensive.
4	So I jumped on the Groupon deal for this gastropub and I wasn't disappointed at all with my visit last night. The decor is a little dark with really cool brushed gold accent pieces throughout. The bar area was hopping, but we were seated at a small table tucked away in a corner of the dining area. There were plenty of other diners and the attire ranged from casual to dressy. The beer list was huge and my husband enjoyed a flight of dark beers, all of which delivered in flavor for him.We split the pub burger and the short ribs. The burger was cooked perfectly and very flavorful. I loved the bacon marmalade! The accompanying herbed fries were pretty good as well. I absolutely loved the short ribs so much that I made my husband switch plates halfway through the meal so I could have them all to myself! The Deschutes Black Butte porter sauce was so delicious and the ribs were fork tender. The butternut squash mash packed a flavorful punch and we had to fight over the 2 onion rings on the plate. Overall, we had a great experience! The service was on-point and I really loved the ambiance. The food was definitely upscale pub fare and it was done well! Way to go Public House!
5	I came in for a business dinner with three of my clients and was very pleasantly surprised. This was the first time I'd been to Public House. Actually I'd never heard of it. It was recommended to me by our concierge. The menu was incredibly clever, interesting and inspired. The food was well prepared--although one of our steaks wasn't prepared anywhere near how it was ordered. The server, JR, immediately took it back and had the problem corrected to our satisfaction. Our service was truly amazing. Actually it was kind of breathtaking. I've been to Vegas many, many times with international clients and this was the best service, overall, that I've ever had anywhere--including NYC. He anticipated every need and made us all feel sincerely welcome and important to him. His passion to take care of us was obvious. Our drinks never went dry. We had a blast trying the many beers JR recommended that were on tap. He also knew the menu inside and out and made fantastic recommendations. He was honest, too, which was refreshing. The manager, who was a female with blond hair, came by to check on us and was utterly charming and sincere. We were there for a couple hours and it seemed like 30 minutes. I normally don't write reviews but this place was too fantastic--mainly because of the world class service--to not comment on. Definitely give the Public House a shot.
5	My absolute favorite new restaurant anywhere.The beer selection is awesome, and the menu is well thought out.Poutine + Foie Gras = Stupid AmazingMy steak was cooked and seasoned to perfection, and the greens were perfect to cleanse the pallet between each morsel of meat.I'm only in town for a week, but I'm definitely going back--probably tonight.
4	This was the second time visiting Public House. I enjoyed the meal the first time, and made a return visit. There was a sporting event, so the dinning and bar area were a little noisy.  Our waiter, Tony B., was very friendly and knowledgeable about the food and beers he was serving. He had excellent recommendations also. Appetizers are expensive for the portion size, but delicious. Devils on Horseback and Roasted Bone Marrow are highlights. Entree's on the other hand are brilliant. Well prepared, beautifully presented, portioned and worth every penny. I recommend the Short Rib and Lamb "Shepard's Pie" Pierogies. The craft beer selection is substantial.  In all two visits that I enjoyed. A little expensive but excellent food and beer.
4	Alright....for a beer-centric restaurant this place was not as esoteric as I wanted it to be.  In the least pretentious way that could possibly sound.  I wanted something I'd never had before!  But no such luck.  Food was deeeeelicious.  I still hate sweet breads.  YUCK!  UGH!  BLEURGH!French Onion soup was over broiled.  Too many fries under the duck confit thing.  The absolute worst part was when the server opened up one or our large bottles of beer with a corkscrew.  Completely upright.  Dude.  Come ON.  Staff training, staff training!  Still an enjoyable experience.  Service was great otherwise; I blame whomever is collectively responsible for putting together the beer list and marketing the place as a beer place for not teaching basic principles of beer service.
4	I wish places like this would catch on like a wildfire across the country to the point where they overtake Starbucks. Maybe one day ...I can't say that this is a place that you'd go out of your way for when in Vegas ... but you might walk from nearby hotels to go here.If you love beer, you can't do much better. Their selection was insane and the prices were reasonable.The food is what really surprised me. A place that is focused on beer might just phone in their food selections. But this place had some great stuff.Poutine: Really delicious with loads of flavor. It could have used a touch more duck though. And the sauce was really salty to the point that the last 5 or so bites are saline to the point of pain. But other than that it is delicious in that hedonistic way.Burger: I REALLY wanted to love it but only liked it. I mean, Guinness aioli? That sounds deliciously brilliant. The burger just has SO much going on though. They need to lose a couple of the ingredients. But it's still good for sure.We also had the pickles which were surprisingly tasty.The only major problem is the sheer lack of velocity. Everything here happens really slow. Now I will say that our waiter was AWESOME. He knew the ins and outs about our drinks and the food. He kept an eye on us and was funny to boot. But there is just such a massive lag to get your food out it's absurd. This is not a place to grab a "quick bite."If you stay at the Bellagio or Palazzo then you owe it yourself to try this place. Just don't go if you're in a hurry.
5	This IS a gastropub!!!  150 bottle selections including a huge number of difficult to find, limited edition and seasonal brews, 20+ international and microbrews on tap, multiple cask matured ales tapped on site all backed by one of the most interesting and diverse international wine list, 300+ selections strong and a more than decent malt list.   Now were talking!And the food.  This isn't your usual fish and chips, sliders, and nachos.  This is pub fare at it's finest.  The bone marrow served with a bacon marmalade and coarse sea salt is so rich, unctuous, and just plain good eats once spread on some grilled bread.  The four inch long bones does a great job preventing the marrow from overcooking. Perfect.Other must try plates include the grilled octopus, potted duck rillettes, veal sweetbreads with a refreshing green apple slaw, and the blow your mind great poutine (thin fries topped with duck confit and a cheese curd sauce).  Finally, the lump crab salad that is more crab than greens accompanied by a tempura avocado and supreme of grape fruit.  Well balanced and delicious.Note:  the dishes are made to be paired with beer or wine.  They taste salty if eaten alone.Prices are in line with other true gastropubs.  Beers average $10. Wines below typical Vegas resorts.  Service is excellent.  Bartenders and servers are extremely knowledgeable.  Amazing considering how quickly the selection of brews change.Highly recommended for a good time!
5	So I was researching craft beer bars in advance of a recent business trip to Vegas and was downright giddy when I happened across the recently opened Public House. Seeing that the Vegas Strip has always been a bit of a craft beer (ahem) desert, on paper this seemed to be exactly what the doctor ordered.I soon arrived in Las Vegas and high-tailed it to Public House immediately after dropping my bags at The Flamingo. I was greeted by a wonderfully attentive and friendly staff at the bar. I must admit that these young and attractive barkeeps had me wondering if they really knew their chops when it came to beer. Next thing I knew I was discussing the comparative qualities of various sour beer varieties with one of the female servers which (somewhat embarrassingly) really impressed me. So I hereby apologize to all young, attractive and female beer geeks out there. I will never prejudge you again!So the draft and bottle selection was impressive indeed. I started with a cask-conditioned Firestone Walker porter which was quite tasty and truly something I might not ever find elsewhere. Then I took a run down the American/Imperial IPA list enjoying several varieties by Uinta (Hop Notch, yum!), Stone and Lagunitas. All fresh and served in proper glassware (always a nice touch).Alas it was time for a nosh. Impressive menu and definitely on the high-brow end of what one might expect for "pub grub". Then again Public House *is* a gastropub after all and they truly live up with their food offerings. I opted for the scallops over oxtail stew. At $29 I was a little apprehensive when I might have been just as happy with a burger and fries at this point. However, let me tell you that this was one of the most fantastic dishes I've ever enjoyed. The aroma of the huge pan-seared scallops over rich red-wine laced oxtail stew demanded my immediate attention (as well as the attention of several others seated at the bar). I'm a meat and potatoes guy so the somewhat small portion had me a bit concerned, but the richness of this flavor-packed entree reinforced the old adage of 'quality over quantity.' Wow, so very happy after this meal.Needless to say, I found myself back at Public House several times that week and found myself succumbing to the craving for a second helping of the scallops. Every bit as good the second time! Even better paired with a nice dark porter.Already looking forward to my next trip to Vegas and specifically Public House! Beer geeks (and foodies) rejoice!
4	Definitely one of the better meals I had in Vegas.  Like every other restaurant on the Strip, it's heavy - lots of pork, lots of bacon, lots of sauce.  That said, its done in an inventive and tasty manner, the perfect place to hit at like 2PM to soak up the hangover of last night.I ordered the blue cheese figs as well as the pork tenderloin sandwich.  The figs were solid and had some nice crispy bacon that wrapped around them - a good starter to split with a few people or to snack on while watching some TV at the bar.  The pork sandwich was divine!  Tender, slightly salty, cheesy, crispy and chewy bread, just everything you want out of a pub sandwich!  And to boot, the restaurant has an extensive beer menu!  All in definitely one of the cheaper options for a casual meal - spend the extra $2-3 per head, skip Grand Lux or the buffet, and visit Public House!
4	Extensive beer menu, solid burger.
5	My boyfriend and I are total foodies and this place didn't disappoint.What we loved and would recommend SweetbreadsMeat and cheese plateWedge SaladShort ribsCraft beers and margaritas
4	Visited Public House again, but this time we hung out in the lovely lounge, enjoying the sights and suds.It's too hard to choose a beer! There's so many. But, honestly, a good problem to have =)  Enjoyed the Pork Rinds again, they are too good, and sampled the Poutine too. If only I could have eaten the fries to complement the yummy curds and gravy! Nice flavors and textures coming together.Place is still cool, service is still good, bathroom still needs toilet seat covers & paper towel holders ;)  And, I'll still be back next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Public House is a beer drinker's heaven.  They have their own Cicerone (an expert on storing, brewing, and serving beer).  I was able to speak with him briefly during our lunch, and he promised us things of glory in the near future such as local Joseph James and Big Dogs specialty brews in casks... My eyes lit up with wonder.  I tried the Poutine ($8), which translates to "heart attack" in the native Canadian tongue.  French fries, duck, cheese curds, and a light gravy sauce.  The server warned me that the dish does not have added salt, but it is still extremely salty due to the ingredients.  Salty + beer = good, so I went with it.   Although salty, it wasn't offensively salty until I got to the very bottom of the bowl.  But by that time I was stuffed anyway.  It went perfectly with my beer, and let's be honest here, it is all about the beer.I had a beer blended by the house Cicerone (Russell Gardner), which was a Jolly Pumpkin Oro de Calabaza blended with Maui's Big Swell IPA.  Both beers are two of my favorite beers by themselves.  The Calabaza is a light, tart "sour" farmhouse ale.  It's flavor can make you pucker depending on how old it is (the older the more tart).  The Big Swell is a very citrusy, lightly bitter and refreshing IPA.  I knew the two would be great together, and I was right.  What a delight!  Russell hits a home run on his beer blendings.  They had many amazing beers, such as Deschutes Black Butte Porter on cask, and Uinta's humongous (12% abv) and delicious imperial stout, Labyrinth on tap (good for dessert).  It is worth mentioning that I had a small bite of my friend's tuna salad sandwich, and my other friend's hamburger (the $20 one).  Both were outstanding, although the tuna salad seemed like it could have been canned tuna to me.  Overall, this place is a gold mine for beer lovers.  Russell even offered to sell me some stuff in their cellar.  Nothing he had interested me at the time, but I will be back to see if he can score some beer for me.  Yay for Public House!
4	My friends and I made reservations for 8 on a Saturday night. This place is located inside the Venetian, so YES it was pretty nice for a gastropub. Our waitress wasn't all that cute looking, but I didn't care cuz as soon as we all checked in, we each received a free beer! WOOP WOOP! and THEN she became less of an eye broccoli later on that night.  The boyfriend and I ordered this $12 salad that was quite a disappointment LOL. A little ranch slapped on the side, tenuous iceberg lettuce, shredded cabbage from what I remember...but the cheese bread we ordered was sooooo good. Had a Jazz light beer (which was pretty tasty), and whatever free beer we received from our check in was also delish. Awesome gastropub. Definitely worth checking it out. Make reservations if possible because we were seated right away.
4	I took Dad here for a nice dinner out and we had an excellent experience.He had the Pub Burger ($19) and I had the Quail ($26). He said the burger was pretty tasty, and the thin sliced fries that came with it were certainly appetizing. It was my first time having Quail, so I was unsure what to expect, but it tasted pretty decent! It was breaded in a manner similar to fried chicken, and came with a waffle and what looked to be a spinach and bacon concoction. It was a fantastic dish, though I was surprised at how little meat came on the plate, but then again a quail is quite a small bird.For dessert, we split the Chocolate Stout Layer Cake ($9). It was extremely rich, and had an interesting caramelized bacon topping on it. Even Dad tried it and thought it was delicious, and he NEVER eats desserts.The service was excellent as well. Our server, Nikolai, was super speedy and friendly, a nice guy to gab with. The manager who helped process our Groupon was very nice as well :)The only reason I knocked this place down a star is simply the price. It's a little too pricey for what you get, although having a Groupon certainly made the price nice. This gastropub is worth a look.
2	Expensive and the food wasn't very good at all and there was no one in the restaurant and they still tried to put us at a bad table! Vodka pour was pathetic and the portions sizes were very small.  No way will this stay in business longer than a year.
3	I love the fact that this is the first true American-style gastropub in Las Vegas.  I love the menu with lots of parts and bones and snails and stuff.  I love the beer list and the hipster beer-somelier.  What bumped the stars down for me was the execution of the sweetbreads (bland) and the bone marrow (not bad, but missing zing) and the chicharones (lame.  mightaswell have been out of a bag).Cool menu, but too conservative with seasoning to accommodate the hordes of casino tourists.
3	We came here based on the reviews from yelp. I love shepherd's pie and although I don't like lamb, I decided to give their version a try, it's not traditional shepherd's pie, it's a couple of pieces of pierogies served atop of the mashed potatoes. The mashed potatoes were great, but I just didn't like the taste of the lamb. My boyfriend got the pub burger and he loved it. We also ordered drinks, I ordered the Barrymore which is supposed to have blood orange and marmalade, but all I could taste was whiskey. Overall this place wasn't bad, the service was great, but I was a bit disappointed and everything was a bit overpriced for what it was.
4	Excellent choice for a chill dinner in the Venetian. Order anything with the Borelaise sauce: poutine, short ribs, etc. I have a special place in my heart for the Almost a Perfect Crime, too.
4	Takes a bit to get your drinks and all the dishes seem to come out in a jumble but not a huge deal.  Food is good, vibe is fun and Vegas pretentious.  Nice spot.
5	The Public House is awesome.  My guess is that you will find your favorite beer, either on tap or in bottles (mine, the Lagunitas Lil' Sumthin Sumthin', was there, as was my wife's [second] favorite beer, Stone Ruination).  The atmosphere is hip without being too over the top (though the music seemed a little too clubby).  And the food was delish.I had poutine -- the French Canadian import delicacy of french fries, cheese curds, and gravy.  What can make that better?  Why, try adding a fried egg AND duck confit!  that's over the top, in-no-way-subtle, richness made to pander to trendy food snob tastes.  But I don't care.  It was amazing and really epitomizes Vegas -- heart attack inducing decadence, but something everyone should try about once a year.  My wife had a little egg pot, with a fried egg and yummy accouterments. The mother-in-law had the chicken, which she said was a bit too dry but had an awesome crispy skin.Prices are a bit much (but not more than you'd expect for a Vegas hotel restaurant), but not so bad if you're careful how you order (e.g., don't go there and order a $7 Shiner or Bud Light, when for a dollar or two more you can have a delicious craft beer).4.5 stars, rounded up for the poutine and for allowing me to have my favorite beer.
5	Once again, I failed to review a place that I truly enjoyed.  I came to Las Vegas for my birthday and before I came I went on yelp to see what the "hot new businesses" were and found Public House.  I read some reviews and noticed that there was a groupon and I WAS SO LUCKY! I went on groupon and found it with only 30 minutes left! I purchased a groupon and decided to check it out when i arrived.  I got to vegas on Saturday and the first stop was Public House because I was STARVING. We were kindly greeted and seated to our table...the ambiance is very modern and the beer list was AMAZING.  I got the beer flight, I can't remember what I got :( this is what I get for reviewing too late wahhh, and my friend got red wine, I forgot the name of the wine too sorry!!!  For our food we started with: Butcher block: finocchiona salumi ($9.50) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3cHL1r5w2oLYH-veijtweA?select=PV0_YPwgpL8PoyldPospvQ It was one of those simple, but perfect things.  The salumi was SO good and the baguette with the garlic mustard spread thing...YUMThen we got the Roasted bone marrow w bacon marmalade and grilled bread ($14)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3cHL1r5w2oLYH-veijtweA?select=loHv4OFRpFjWM0nR1sH-SQ This was also amazing, but a bit too heavy. I LOVED the BACON marmalade OMG I wish they bottled that up so I could take some home.  Then we ordered the Poutine: French fries, duck confit, cheese curd, gravy ($9)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3cHL1r5w2oLYH-veijtweA?select=jvuisxhFe0Bc8O5FtharMwOMG OMG OMG OMG OMG I don't care how many calories this had...I could have ate this 3 times a day for the rest of my life.  I love fries, cheese, and duck so common this was a winner winner duck dinner lol.  I wish it had bacon...yes I know I have an addiction to bacon...and finally we got the devils on horseback (blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped w bacon) $5 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3cHL1r5w2oLYH-veijtweA?select=Q6uFEvKoHzzE7kUyA1s_HAI wish we ordered 100 of these...I could pop these in my mouth like popcorn. OMG it was soooo good the salty creamy blue cheese with the sweet dates and the crispy bacon AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOverall, one of my favorite places I ate in Vegas...and trust me I've been to A LOT of places.  I will DEFINITELY go back and indulge.
4	Great pub.  It's right between the Venetian and the Palazzo on the main floor.  They have cask taps which gives it that 4th star.  The food was decent and it was packed the 4 times I went here in a 2 day period.  Tons of brews on tap and bottles were decent.  I can get most of these beers near my pad here in Venice, but it was nice that they thought out the decor as well as the Cask Brews.
3	I was going to give this place a low. Rating based on how my friend was called a terrorist by the bouncer at their location at National Harbor. But they served us a drink after they had closed, and the bartender was very friendly.  It's a place that I could probably go to for a drink right before I lose all of my money at the casino.
4	We had a groupon, which made this place even better. The food was excellent. I had the poutine which sounds terrible but was as good as everyone on Yelps says it is. I had it for my main course and it's so rich it was very filling. My husband had the burger and it was great also. We topped it off with a piece of chocolate for dessert. My husband loved it but I thought it was too sweet and I didn't think the bacon crisp went with it at all. (I've had chocolate and bacon combos before that were much better.)The only problem was the attitude of our server...he never cracked a smile the whole time. He was either a snob or in a bad mood. On the otherhand, our bus guy filling the waters and removing our plates was super friendly. I wanted to tip him instead!
5	Love this place!  A little hard to find as the Venetian cannot be bothered to update its directories or signs.  Just follow the signs for restaurant row.  Excellent beer selection.  When we were there, they offered $5 cask beers for National Beer Week.  Normally cask beers cost $9.  The food was also very yummy.  Definitely try the scotch egg - it comes with bacon mustard!  The bone marrow was also very good, although not the best I've ever had.  The truffle arancini didn't have much of a truffle flavor and wasn't as good as Nora's arancini.  But still pretty tasty.  Same with the fried clams - not the best I've had, but pretty good.The service was impeccable and friendly.  Five stars for the inventive menu, great service, and amazing beer selection.  Can't wait to come back!
5	Great meal. Must try the crispy oyster appetizer. I had to order a second helping  The cask ales were also very good.
5	Would you like to know how to truly embarrass yourself in front of a staff who has been nothing but friendly, professional, and helpful?  Leave without paying your tab!  Ooops, one too many cask beers.  Actually, it was probably all the bourbon... Anyway, the nice bartender chased me down through the Venetian, and a $30 tip later, all's well that ends well.  I came here to kill some time waiting for my husband and a few friends who were attending a conference.  I wanted to eat everything on the menu, but contented myself (no, actually gorged) on their poutine.  Oh, dirty, dirty poutine.  It's salty, so you'll need a beer to wash that goodness down.  By all means, get a cask beer.  While less carbonated and warmer than tap beer, you'll taste and appreciate more complexity in the cask beer.  I'll be back in a few weeks for a Pappy Van Winkle.  And this time, I promise to pay for it :)
5	Really top notch. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. The food was absolutely incredible. We started with the cheese plate which had a soft cheese sort of like a Brie and a hard sharp cheddar, it came with crunchy garlicky type bread and a marmalade, quite nice. We also had the "devils on horseback" (blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped in bacon) which were GLORIOUS!!! Our entrees were the lump crab salad, very good and the Poutine which is rich and sublime. It's slow roasted duck confit over French fries and cheese curd topped with rich gravy. You MUST try it. We had a bunch of beers which I cannot remember but were all excellent and we finished with the lemon ricotta fritters which were insanely delicious. We will be back.
5	Woohoo! Love this place!So thankful for Yelp when traveling. We were able to find this place and give it a try and just fell in love. The drink and food menus are quite impressive.Our waitress Gina was awesome!!! We sat ourselves in the bar area facing the entrance and walk way by Blue man Group. So we were in a great spot for people watching.I am not really a drinker so I always order what I know and this time my husband asked for recommendations...and I am so glad he did! Gina recommended the MC-11 and boy was it yummy! I think I had like 3 of them...2 at dinner and 1 to go! Gotta love Vegas!We ordered:Poutine-French Fries with Duck and cheese curdDevils on Horseback-Blue cheese stuffed dates wrapped in baconFood 5 starsBeer and Cocktails 5 starsService 5 stars (Gina Rocked!)You have to check out this Gastropub especially if you are a foodie!-Cheers-
4	Enjoyed a cocktail party that I attended during a conference.....love the atmosphere and the beer was excellent.   The staff was very helpful in suggesting different beers and wines too.  Tasty hors d'oeuvres that were being passed, good savory selections.  Definitely have to try this place for lunch or dinner.
3	Just okay. The food was overpriced. And portions are quite small. I expect that from a fancy dining kind of place, but this Public House doesn't belong in that category. at all.
4	I came for the beer, but would come back again for the food. Great physical layout, occupying the old David Burke space at the Venetian, with the bar up front and seating in the rear. Only complaint was w the hostess who seated us at the very first table btw the bar and restaurant areas. Makes conversation difficult, and our request to be seated at a different table (this was at 530p w literally dozens of open tables) was met w a dubious "they're all reserved.". Blatant falsehood aside as we left 1.5hrs later w plenty of them still open, it was an otherwise good experience. Waitstaff was attentive, but robotic and wo personality, nevertheless the beer selection was extensive and of excellent quality. Surprisingly good was the food as well. Bibb Salad had excellent flavor, as did their Pub burger. As good as those were, the dessert doubly impressed. Would def go back, even if not for the beer.
4	Food - Great taste.. nothing extra ordinary compare to others with the same standard restaurant. Portion wise as expected.. small compare to the price that you have to pay. Atmosphere - average noise level unless you were seating close to the bar area when happy hour. The music is average,.. a little dark maybe tend to serve as a romantic place. Service - waiter and waitresses are impressively show that they are knowledgable to explain very detail what are in the menu, and what kind of food that is.. and also we asked for suggestion and they really giving their pure and honest opinion of what are in the menu according to what we like. I am very happy about this, I chose what they suggested and it was delicious. Location - inside The Venetian's Hotel Heard that this place has a large selections of beer, don't drink so I can't give review on that. Additionally, the bathrooms are cute..
5	Cant say enough food things about this place. If your in Vegas and you want a burger, or a steak for that matter come here. I had the burger, and its one of the best ones i have ever had. My three friends had steaks, all good remarks. An extremely impressive beer list/selection. You must try the chocolate later cake. This is the only place in Vegas i went back to for a second time.
3	Cool atmosphere, great service. Only had the soup du jour which was a corn soup but it was really good. Creamy and smooth with bacon pieces on top! I would like to come back here and try a dinner or lunch.
4	The menu has something for every foodie and even for those in the group who may want something more traditional, like a burger. The allure of this place for me was all the drinks that you could choose from, like a cold cider to cut the fat from the POUTINE FRIES (which are addicting)! I treated the menu like it was tapas style. I could eat a dozen bacon wrapped dates, perfect sized sweet and salty morsels. I also opted for the quail on a bed of swiss chard and bacon and waffles, a spin on chicken on waffles. I needed a little more meat on the bones to make up for all the gluttony. Overall, I enjoyed my meal but would  say pick at least one dish that's protein packed to accomodate for the richness of most of the dishes on the menu. A great spot for dates, drinks, and bigger groups (lots of booths).
5	Fantastic burger, great ambience, excellent service, nice wine list, fair pricing.
4	Two items you need to know about: cask beer and the poutine. A nice night out started with Phantom and lead us here. The food is on the high end side, but the atmosphere and the beer is the true reason to come. The lounge area is perfect for apps and a few drinks. Relaxing on the couch and having a conversation is a breeze here. Even though the area is packed, getting caught up in your neighbors' gossip is not an issue. The food is good, but expensive. Bacon wrapped dates came in an order of three for $6. Fried oysters were three for $13. Both were good according to my friends. What I did partake in was the poutine. Their version of the Canadian favorite is completely different then our friendly neighbors from the north. Shoestring fries, duck confit, cheddar cheese, a semi sweet gravy similar to a demi glaze, and a fried egg on top. They forgot our egg, but one of us gets sick from them anyways. Between this dish and the cask beer, I will be sweeping up as many Groupons as possible.
4	the decor for the place was interesting, kinda like a fine dining-pub, if there is such a thing? anyway, on to the food!our server told us they just changed the menu about a week ago.  our cocktails off the new menu wasn't good... i see them redoing that menu in the future.devils in horseback was good, but not as good as Firefly's. it came out kinda lukewarm.  i wasn't quite sure if the toast goes with the dish.the crackling was pretty standard.  they are like the ones from the bags, no fatty layers i love =(  it came warm, and the dipping sauce made the dish.poutine was delicious, but a bit salty.  the french fries were fresh and crispy, the cheese curd was semi melted over the fries, and the duck confit was melt in your mouth tender.  delishshort rib was heavenly.  it was fork tender, fresh and buttery.  the mash peas compliments the short rib well. we also got a side of cream corn with lobster.  it could use more cream, but it was delicious nonetheless!for dessert we had ricotta corn fritter. they were balls of beignet with gooey centers, rolled in sugar, served piping hot with lemon curd, a side of corn ice cream on top of blueberry compote.  the combination of flavors works magically.  its a great desserts, must try!!our bill with two drinks came to about $100.  not bad for a place on the stripe!
2	Grass fed burger! And four types of bloody Mary's!
4	Personally, I think this place is overpriced. When I look back, it's Vegas...so nothing is really overpriced. I loved that the servers here were totally relaxed and were not pushy to order anything in particular.**Tip: Get the toffee bread pudding...it is the best waste of calories ever! :)
5	Let's see: this place has an amazing sense of humor vividly portrayed throughout its men's bathroom, an excellent beer list, a wide array of incredibly rich and flavorful dishes at affordable price points, and had a good looking staff so stunningly beautiful it made me question why I still live on the East Coast.  Does anyone really think I'm not giving this place 5 stars?  Let me make something clear.  Even though everything here presents as a huge win, the food really was the star of the show.  Unlike Marilyn's and Earl of Sandwich, this place blew away my rather meager expectations.  Here is what we ordered:BUTCHER BLOCK (3 items - $24): the potted duck rillettes appear to be heavily doused in delightful black truffle and were an absolutely divine treat, the rabbit loin in porchetta basically melted in the mouth, and the sopresatta had a nice, delicate spicy kick.  Grade: A  POUTINE ($12.50): Someone who complained about this dish in another review stated that it was too rich.  Umm.... you ordered poutine!  What did you expect?  There were nice, fresh husks of duck confit throughout the dish and the cheese curd "gravy" added another layer of richness.  We added the fried egg to complete the full on massacre of the heart.  Grade: A-  GRILLED OCTOPUS ($16): Personally, I thought the actual octopus was cooked perfectly; specifically, there was none of that awful chewiness one finds when people overcook the delicate meat.  The accompaniments that came with the dish were admittedly boring though.  Grade: B+TRUFFLE ARINCINIS ($7): Basically, this is fried risotto balls in a decadent cheese sauce.  I only got hints of the truffle.  Grade: B-BOSTON BIBB ($13): This was a nice refreshing counter-dish to all of our rich orders.  The classic Bibb is finished with champagne vinaigrette and studded with deliciously flavorful tomatoes.  Grade: BROASTED BONE MARROW ($15): Standing alone, the bone marrow is nice and delicate, but seemed to be missing something.  Then I tried it with the accompanying bacon marmalade.  Wow.  Again, this kitchen understands their pairings very well.  You don't expect that out of a gastropub.  Or at least I don't.  This was excellent.  Grade: A-BOUCHOT MUSSELS ($14): The mussels were nice and light, but I wish they were more plump.  The accompanying sauce base was a decadent mix of four of my favorite ingredients in the world: Belgian beer, creme fraiche, bacon, and shallots.  Grade: APOTTED FARM EGG ($14): This fondue heavy dish was incredibly rich in the most perfect manner.  I liked the addition of asparagus, but I'm beginning to think we ate it wrong because we are convinced we found two tiny spoons within the dish.  Despite our apparent lack of intellect, this was masterful.  Grade: ABathroom Grade: A+ for the humor.Service: A because even the incredibly gorgeous women that work here don't hold a candle to the amazing experience we had at Bouchon.  Even though I don't like to do repeats in a place as large as Vegas, I will be very sad if I don't come here again.
5	Other people have given great full reviews so I'll keep mine kinda short.On the plus side:  Food was rich and tasty,and was a good value for the money. Service was pretty much perfect.Minor minuses:  I didn't love the decor, I wanted it to be more dimly lit and more cozy some how.   The food wasn't too salty, but it almost was.
3	Came to this place before we watched the David Spade show. Food is very pricey. I tried frog legs for the 1st time as an appetizer... it does taste like chicken but i couldnt take more than a bite.... even tho it was fried ... i still couldnt eat more... the look of the frog leg just killed me! My main meal was the Halibut... it was ok... it was great or all that... there was 8 of us and the bill came out to $408 including tip. We didnt even order alcohol! so its pretty pricey for me!
4	Talk about upscale gastropub.The interior here is so quaint and cute, it just makes you want to sit here and enjoy the view. The service that was received was A-OK. It was a pretty busy night so our server barely came by, but when he did he was very helpful and accomodating. The drinks here are amazing. Not cheap, but they do mix them quite strong.Now, onto the food. For appetizers, you must try to bone marrow. Delcious! Portions aren't large, but they definitely make up for it in flavor. I ordered the chef special which was 2 filets wrapped in bacon over a bed of spinach. It was delicious. The meat was cooked to perfection. Someone else in my part ordered the burger, and that was also delicious. The fries were cooked in duckfat, so they were extra flavorful. No complaints about the food here.It's a little pricey for a "gastropub", so if you want to spend some good money on ecclectic food and drink, this is the place to go.
5	If you like great beer and great food... Go here.... period
3	Great Beers, the food was, ehh.....and over priced.
4	We had high expectations of the place after reading so many rave reviews. Waiting until last minute to redeem my Groupon we headed to Public House last night. We had a bit of a wait. The place was quite crowded for a Tuesday evening. We were finally seated and greeted warmly by our server. We perused the drink menu for quite some time before deciding on our drinks for the evening. This is no easy feat with the enormous beer, wine and mixed drink selection options they have. I ordered The Blonde and my fella decided on the Banana Bread beer. The drinks came out and everyone kept raving about the Banana Bread beer being their favorite. I wanted nothing to do with it since I don't like the smell or banana, but my fella was quite excited. He tasted it and by the look on his face, he was no as impressed as everyone else seemed to be. My drink, on the other hand, was amazing. My fella even admitted that mine was far superior to his. Haha. I eventually did try the Banana Bread beer out of curiosity and although it wasn't my favorite beer ever, but it wasn't bad. For food we shared a few small plates. We got the bone marrow, bacon wrapped figs and the grilled octopus. I have to admit the items we ordered didn't blow me away, but I see potential on the food front. The octopus was a little fishier than I'm used to and I guess I was hoping for a chewier texture. It was just a little different than the octopus I'm used to. The bacon wrapped figs weren't a favorite of mine either. The dressing was just overwhelmingly sweet and I wished that the bacon was just a little crispier to add a less mushy texture to the whole dish. The bone marrow was probably my favorite. It was fatty and fuil of flavor. I was definitely impressed with the restaurant overall and look forward to going back and trying a number of other beers that they offer. I'm also interested by quite a few more options on the food menu that I think hold potential. The best part of our dining experience was the service. It was the deciding factor between giving this place a 3 and a 4. Our waiter and busboy were incredibly attentive and every server who brought a drink or plate to our table made pleasant conversation and had a great attitude. To top it all off we had a great conversation with the restaurant manager / sommelier.. He was extremely gracious. We will definitely be back... and soon.
5	Had such a good time the first time I came back with my wife.  The start was rough, hostess could have been more welcoming, ended up sitting in the lounge area due to a long wait for a regular table.  Took the waitress 5min to realize we were there.After the start everything was amazing.  Actually preferred to sit in lounge.  It was nice to sit on two seat couch with my wife.Olives and wedge salad to start, both great, plenty of olives.My wife had the strip steak which she loved.  She ate it without A-1 which was a first for her.  She always has A-1 on her steaks.  It was that tasty and well seasoned.  I had the short rib which came with mashed potato with pea puree in it.  Super good, short rib was super tender, and had amazing flavor but was a smaller portion, it was about the size of a filet mignon.Also had the Corn with Lobster, super good, comes out really hot, and stays hot in cast iron serving dish.Lemon fritters with ricotta cheese and berry com pot for desert, smaller but super good.Service was great.  Favorite beer I had was Guinness Foreign Extra.  Like regular Guinness but with more hops.  Crazy good.
5	What a great Gastropub!  Fantastic service and waiter.  The food we had was great but didn't weigh you down as Vegas restaurants can do.Beer selection was far reaching and excellent.The house made pickles, olives, roasted octopus and crab were high quality and just totally savory.  A welcome relief from most of the strip...it was low key and there was no blasting of music while you enjoyed a great meal.  Comfy seating and a very professional and attentive crew.We will definitely be going back next Vegas trip.
2	We were in town for a long weekend, and after reading the other reviews decided to stop in for dinner and some good beer following the Blue Man Group.After being seated, and having all of 2 minutes to peruse the extensive beer list and menu, the server stops by, fails to introduce himself, asks if we are ready to order, and he never discusses the specials (meanwhile, the table next to us had a fabulous server). He seemed irritated that we wanted a few more minutes to consider our options. After ordering beers and dinner we didn't see our server again.  I got the octopus which was nicely prepared.  My wife got the crab salad - and in the description indicated was served with avocado.  The avocado was deep fried - WTF?  There is a reason you don't cook avocado - it tastes terrible!  As our beers were empty, the server never offered to get us another round, and we had to ask about dessert options!  WTF - I though Vegas was a service-oriented town. So after dinner we went to have more drinks elsewhere.  The concept was good but the execution was poor.  Maybe we had a bad draw with our server, but certainly will have to think carefully about whether we will return our next time in town.
3	My girl and I came here last week with a Groupon. Being a big fan of beer, I was excited by the big selection they have here. We shared some small plates and I wasn't really feeling all the different items we got. They were very tasty, but I felt I had had better versions at different restaurants before. I ordered the banana bread beer, but it wasn't a favorite of mine. I look forward to trying this place again based on their beer selection alone. Great customer service too. Hopefully I will find better offerings next time.
4	Everything in their 'medium' section of the menu put a little sparkle in my eye.  Maybe I'll try their grilled octopus and crispy frog legs next time, but I was content with their Poutine, Foie Gras, and Roasted Bone marrow.  We opted to start with the Poutine, which was a sharable, good size order of french fries smothered with duck confit and cheese curd (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3cHL1r5w2oLYH-veijtweA?select=_XDPdJuJcGJVCkFjJAakrw#6t8IoPUlK1zxUD2x45mK9g).  Their special gravy was good, but a bit heavy on the salty side.  I'd prefer it being drizzled lightly or on the side.  I'd probably add the fried egg to this dish on my next visit.  The Foie Gras seemed a bit overcooked, but tasted excellent with the rhubarb compote (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3cHL1r5w2oLYH-veijtweA?select=_XDPdJuJcGJVCkFjJAakrw#wxY-6KQLsKq8r12CATB1bQ).  Since this dish will soon be extinct in the Golden state, I'd definitely come back just for this.  Their Roasted Bone Marrow pushed my cholesterol level to maximum with their addictive bacon marmalade (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3cHL1r5w2oLYH-veijtweA?select=_XDPdJuJcGJVCkFjJAakrw#3acRhIFzCfEF9Dc1wEJ5Mw).  The portions were prepared simply, yet full of fatty flavor.  I also had a taste of the Pub burger, and it was beyond okay with bacon marmalade....but I've had better.  Stellar service and a ginormous beer list bumps my rating up to a solid 4 stars.
2	This restaurant has wonderful food and a great atmosphere, and we were thrilled to find out they had a gluten-free menu to accommodate my friend with Celiac disease. Unfortunately, there must have been cross-contamination going on in the kitchen, as my friend was horribly ill later - and I was just fine, and we had shared all our food.  Hopefully they can figure out a way to keep the gf food separate in future.
4	Food good. A little pricey, but good quality food and beer.
4	I love the concept and the feel of the space. Food was good, but we had very very bad service from the cocktail server in the lounge/bar area.  The cocktail waitress was oblivious to the fact that I waited 25 minutes for my beer. Then another 22 minutes for my Manhattan.....which came SHAKEN???!! Not cool.  My partner in crime ordered a pisco sour, which was really not made proper at all. I feel a gastro-pub concept should be making standard cocktails correctly.Also I totally understand taking a card to start a tab in the bar area, but when I ask for the check, please ask if I want you to charge my card. I generally pay cash for everything because I'm industry and get paid in tips. She charged my card without asking and after the drinks and bad service, it was frustrating.Anyways, it was a busy night, and they are still a new restaurant. Being in the business, I understand that sometimes places st have an off night. I'll be back, and hopefully this place will live up to its potential.j
3	The Cask Ale was awesome! I loved it.  The decor, ambiance, and managers were great as well.  That's where the greatness ends for my trip.  I need to go back to get the full experience.  Here's what happened:I planned on meeting a buddy here and was extremely excited for many reasons.  I don't really get out to bars much anymore so when I do, I get all jacked up.  We got to Public House only to find it completely closed for an event.  I can understand closing the restaurant, but the bar too?  Anyway, we we went somewhere else.  The next day I wrote a short e-mail to say I was a little disappointed.  The manager Mark wrote back and was very awesome in expressing his apologies and invited me back to check it out.  It just so happens that I was able to meet my friend the next night.We got to Public House to find there was another event but Mark got us in this time.  Awesome customer service!  We were escorted to the bar and the bartender hooked us up with a couple of Cask Ales.  Then he didn't look at us for about 30 minutes.  Three bartenders and we had empty beer glasses for about 15 minutes.  Finally we got one of them to get us another drink.  We asked if they were serving food and they told us the kitchen was closed for the night.  This was at 9:00.  Very disappointing because I wanted to get some Poutine.Towards the end of the night Russell, the Cicerone, came over and was totally awesome.  He talked to us for a few minutes and poured us some more Cask Ale.  As great as the managers were, I have to say that the overall experience left a lot to be desired.  I can get on board with them being rented out but there's no excuse for three bartenders to completely ignore anyone.
3	The food was overall pretty good and our server was very friendly and accommodating. But do NOT order the poutine! just way too salty...i eat pretty salty but this was 99 on a scale of 100...the server apologized and offered to have it made again...which was nice...but then the manger comes by and says the chef insisted they never salt the potatoes. Well i guess they mistook the salt for oil and fried it in the salt...round two was sligtly less salty, 97 on a scale of 100 this time. we were having a good time so we decided to let it go...but come on, a lot less salt next time pls....i think the clumpy cheap velveeta cheese they used definitely didn't help.
4	I was really excited when they offered a Groupon deal a few days before my Vegas trip.  Had I not had a Groupon I still would have come but it worked out that I was able to save $$ on my visit there.  I purchased a $25 Groupon for $50 worth of food and only had to pay gratuity in the end.  Score!We got there around 11:30 a.m. on a Tuesday and there were only a handful of people in the restaurant at the time.  A little bit into our meal the place started filling up to capacity with convention goers.   We were seated in a side room toward the back of the restaurant where the tables were spaced out nicely and the chairs big and comfy.  I had their chicken sandwich with fries and to drink I had their Fruli Strawberry beer.  I requested for one ingredient to be left out of my sandwich because I was unfamiliar with it, and while that may have made it dry I still really enjoyed my sandwich and thought it was pretty tasty.  Their fries were absolutely delicious!  As for my drink, pretty good too :)  Dessert though was unmemorable.  I can't quite recall what exactly we had (so that should tell you something) but I do know that I wasn't crazy about it.  Yay for a tasty meal (minus dessert), good service, and nice ambiance!  Four stars for Public House :)
5	This place was truly a highlight of our Vegas dining experiences when we went a few weeks ago! It and Raku were my two favorites by far.We went without reservations probably around 7 or 7:30 on a Saturday night and were seated right away.  Although by the time we left the place had mostly filled out. Our sever was very helpful and the the beer we ended up with was fantastic. They had a great beer selection that was listed on an iPad for the table to look over. We sat in the dining area but the bar looked great as well. The atmosphere was laid back, quiet enough and like dining in some eclectic, rich guy's library. Lots of leather, wood surfaces and because it is Vegas, good lighting. As for the food, we ordered several plates to share and ended up with poutine(so wonderfully unhealthy and greasy), chilled prawns, house pickles, roquefort cheese and the Soup du Jour which in my opinion was the best thing we ordered. It was a curried carrot soup made with coconut milk and oh my goodness was it tasty. Very, very difficult not to lick the bowl on that one. Desserts sounded great but we ended up passing. Will be going back next time in Vegas!
4	My wife and I sat at the bar for dinner and were not disappointed.  Excellent service from the bartenders.  Based on Yelp reviews, I tried the cask beer.  It was delicious, but not as cold as the beer on tap.  Maybe it is supposed to be that way, but when its 105 degrees out, I would rather an ice cold beer.  I went to a black velvet (black stout beer and champagne or dry cider) next and was very pleased.  My wife had the Belgian beer flight.  All 4 beers were delicious (her favorite was Delirium) and healthy pours.  I had to help her finish.  She switched to a moscow mule as she used to have these in Japan, but has been unable to find the drink here in the States.  She was a happy camper.As to the eats, we opted for the bone marrow (meh, not much marrow in the serving we received), grilled octopus (awesome, tasty and tender), potted duck rillettes (a must try), rabbit loin in porchetta (good) and bresaola (standard dried beef).  Overall, it was as expected for a gastropub.  I think it is one of the places to try if staying in the area of the Venetian/Palazzo.
4	Hmm so this night is a little hazy... but we got here late Saturday night, there was no wait, and had excellent service from our waitress and another employee on duty who stopped by to chat with my group during and after our meal.Food was delicious including the foie gras, bone marrow, and especially the short rib. The poutine was too salty for my taste :( It is pricey but yes, I'm going to say it, it's Vegas, baby. They had their drink menu on an iPad they gave us but I only had a Manhattan. I will come back to try more dishes and their beers!
5	Gastropub. When did that become a word?Listen kids, when I was growing up back in the 1970s there weren't no Gastropubs. (You remember the 70s, right? You've seen it on the TV. Ashton Kutcher lived there.) There was bars, sure. Sometimes you called them pubs, like if you was that Irish Andy Capp feller on the comic page. But even them fancy sounding pubs just gave some salty peanuts. There weren't no gastros. Pubic House is a gastropub. That means it has a foodie take on bar comfort food plus a great collection of beer and wine.Public House is AWESOME. It's an oasis in Vegas, tucked inside the Venetian. The music isn't too loud and they played a lot of classic rock when I was there. The feel of the place is solid, dark and comfortable. The service is great and the staff is smart. I ate there about five times on a recent stay in Vegas. I ended bringing my laptop and having some long working lunches.Beer and wine selection on iPad like tablets. Great idea and more than a gimick because it allows perusing descriptions. Plus, it's a cool gimmick.The food. Wow. Bone Marrow there was incredible. Poutine was delish although thicker fries would gave been better. Mussels were perfect; very bacon-y. Welsh rarebit quite good. Cheese plate with a nice bleu stretched out a beer at that long lunch. Quail and Waffles was a great, sorta pretentious take on Chicken n' Waffles but damn, it worked. The kale that came with it was a wonderful surprise, too, and it also was bacon city.Great place to hang out, eat and drink.
4	Had some friends in town that we were meeting for lunch, I had heard good things about Public House...so away we went.The selection of drinks is overwhelming, the food choices tempting. I settled on a drink called " The Kramer"...it was deliciously strong with a mix of Phillips Union Vanilla (which I love straight), Chocolate Bitters, and Carpano Antica which I had no idea what it was but later found out it's a high end Italian Sweet Vermouth, so it was well worth the 12$. My husband got the Summer Dunkel which is Bourbon and Beer with a twist, I tasted it and it tasted like a Mary Jane or Squirrel Nut Zipper candy...yum! Friends tried some local beers since they are from way out of town (Scotland). I got some Devils on Horseback (blue cheese, bacon wrapped dates) to start, you only get 3 for 6$, they come with Melba toasts. they were good but I have had better. I also got the Scotch Egg (9$), it was amazing. The sausage was a little sweet and juicy, the egg was bright and fresh, all inside a nice crunchy outside. Not greasy at all, the Bacon Mustard dipping sauce was the perfect match. My husband got the Pub Burger (slathered in bacon marmalade and guiness aioli to name a few toppings), it was messy, flavorful, and cooked as ordered. Why can't all these burger joints around Vegas make a burger like this? The Herb Fries it comes with were crispy and scrumptious. Our friends got the Pork and Chicken sandwiches, they came with Herbed Fries too, the sandwiches looked good, the chicken sandwich was on a pretzel roll! They gobbled up their meals. The food was a little pricey, service was good, staff was pleasant. Nice atmosphere. The restaurant really filled up while we were there.I can't wait to go back and try some more of their food and drink. It all sounds so good!
4	I went to eat at Public House during my recent Vegas vacation. Located at The Venetian Hotel and Casino right across from the Blue Man Group theater, the wife and I decided to try this  based off from all the good Yelp reviews and we were not disappointed. I researched the menu before arriving so I knew what I wanted, but unfortunatly the menu I was handed only somewhat resembled the on-line version and many of my choices were missing. This was rather aggravating but all was forgiven after the meal as what I did have was excellent.  All the plates are designed for sharing which is nice as it allows you to try a little of everything. One of my favorite things was being able to design my own meat and cheese platters.  For the cheese choice we went with Welsh Cheddar, seriously sharp and seriously good and served with a Fresh sweet Tomato jam. For the meat choices we went with a thin sliced and delicious Serrano Ham with whole grain mustard and Potted Duck Rillettes ,which was basically a duck confit spread served in what looked like a candle jar. This was rich and creamy and paired well with the cheese, tomato jam mustard and Ham. All the items were served with some nice grilled crunchy French Bread.  Our next course was Duck Poutine ( because I can't get enough of duck or Fries with Cheese Curds and Gravy)  This would have been better had the fries been homemade as is traditional poutine but was still very good. The gravy was dark and rich and made with dark porter ale beer. The whole dish was greasy goodness.  Next up we split a short rib entree, complete with neon green sweet pea mashed potatoes, more stout gravy and a couple onion rings for garnish. The short rib was fall apart tender and extremely meaty and rich. This was far better then any other steak I had while  in Vegas ( sorry Mr. Gordon Ramsey). Lastly was dessert, which we didn't really need but were glad we got.  I can't actually remember the name but it was a deliciously moist chocolate layer cake laced with chocolate mousse and topped with Bacon Rice Krispie Square Pieces ( yes you read that correctly Bacon Rice Krispies). This was an over the top dessert. Also don't forget to check out the bathrooms while your here- they are complete with witty sayings on the walls and above the sinks. Don't be shy about taking pictures when you do check them out (just try not to catch anybody taking care of business). A fun and tasty experience was definitely had at Public House. 4 stars
4	I was there just for beer and they have a good selection. The decor is pretty nice and the service was good and friendly. I ordered some mushrooms which weren't that great but hey, it's a pub.Great place to warm up, kill some time and hang out before/after party time.
4	Quiet, quaint and good food and drinks.  I had the poutine which is hard to find, and it was terrific.  Odd take using duck, not bad, not great.  I prefer the traditional Quebec poutine myself, but hey doesn't hurt to try something else.
2	I'd have to say that being a Beer Geek brought me here, as they advertise their restaurant as having the ONLY CICCERONE IN LAS VEGAS.We decided to try this place last weekend to grab a couple of beers and kill some time.The beer selection was definitely meh. I cannot believe the prices they are charging for beer either. I asked for a bottle of FW Sucaba, and they told me $45. $45?!?!?! Damn, that is one helluva markup! I understand it's Vegas and all, but there is no real reason to have a CERTIFIED CICCERONE and serve subpar shelf beers. I ended up drinking a Moscow Mule since none of the beers on tap interested me.We shared a few apps, but the highlight of the place was the Poutine... absolutely fantastic! I'd come here again for that, and have water with it.If you are looking for a legit beer spot in Vegas, make your way over to Aces & Ales.
5	Good service- good food. go here
3	The have a wide variety of draft beers here.  Service was just OK.  Good spot to start predrinking before going into a club.
5	Great food...try the charcuterie, best beer selection in town with very knowledgable staff!  Chef Thomas rocks it in the kitchen!!!
5	So I expected Public House to be a bit like the Yard House but I was totally wrong. Food-The food was amazing....as you would expect from a high end Vegas restaurant......my entire party loved their meals and we all shared a bit so I can say we all loved every dish.  Presentation was nice and the staff was very friendly and knowledgable.Beer- Their beer selections range from normal to totally unique and rare.  I have never seen cask beer served, ever.  Cask beer is fermented and aged in a wood barrel, served room temp without adding any CO2......it was amazing!!!  The entire beer menu is given to you on an ipad so you can browse by style and get complete information about each beer.  It must have taken 10 minutes of reading before choosing my first drink.  I would highly suggest trying one of their beer flights as a way to sample some amazing and unique beer.The service was great, the music was great, the atmosphere was great, the outfits were great, and the beer selection and quality was the best I've seen.  We returned a total of 3 times on our most recent Vegas trip!
5	ALL HAIL NINKASI, this place is a craft beer lover's Heaven.  I've been searching for a great craft beer bar on the strip and I can stop the search.  Full stop.  This place is AMAZING.  Pricy?  Yes.  But it is so amazeballs you won't care.  First off, the beer selection is killer.  Not only are there great choices on tap, but there are also 150 (?) bottles available, awesome flight options, and a full bar as well.  Second, the food is indeed "gastropub" worthy.  Usually you see gastropub in the title and it doesn't live up to those standards...but Public House delivers.  I had the bone marrow and poutine appetizers and both were fantastic.  (I would have had the crispy frog legs too if they weren't out...hopefully next time.).  If I'm going to be picky, the poutine could have used more cheese curds and maybe a little more gravy, and somehow I ended up with an egg on top...but it was still delicious and I almost licked the plate clean.  And the marrow?  It was SO GOOD.  Seriously, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.  The restaurant is also pretty sweet looking...it's all dark and sexy but has an industrial feel as well AND it has a comfy living room feel in the front which was cool.  And the best part?  The waitress knew her beer.  It's so nice to be able to talk about IPAs with someone who knows their shit.  This will surely be a yearly Vegas stop for me.
4	Public House was pretty cool. I liked the options for bourbon and whiskey drinks. My mom had the short ribs which she said were delicious. I had the special which was rabbit pasta. It was pretty tasty.Overall good time.
4	Our party of 7 came here for a friend's birthday and the food didn't disappoint.Roasted bone marrow $15 - 4/5 - Bacon, bone marrow, grilled bread, caramelized onions, served w/ grilled bread.  This was delicious.  The bone marrow combined w/ the caramelized onions is like smack of flavor hitting your taste buds.  Grilled Octopus - $16 -  3.75/5 - potatoes, bell-pepper spices, and onions.  The octopus came out just right;  the texture was soft to bite into.  I was worried it'd be rubbery but that wasn't the case at all.  The octopus by itself is boring but if you combine it w/ the veggies, sauce, and the peppers it's almost like eating a fresh salad.  Very refreshing.Grilled Frog Legs - $17 - 4/5  - Seasoned w/ butter, lemon, and served w/ tomatoes, and crutons.  Acidity of the lemon is offset w/ the butter to have a perfect finish.  Delicious!  Use the crutons to soak up the delicious sauce!Scotch Egg  $9 - 3.5/5- The mustard used w/ the Scotch Egg was out of this world delicious.  If they bottled this mustard I'd buy it in a heartbeat!  The egg was a little lacking but still delicious.Mussels $14 - 4.5/5- My favorite appetizer. Mussels, in a cream w/ Belgium beer, served with bacon, comes w/ a side of bread - The sauce used w/ the mussels was amazing.  The bacon combined w/ the mussels was delicious.  Use the bread to soak up the amazing sauce!Short ribs - $29 - 4/5 - Braised short rib, green peas (in cream form), and 2 onion rings - The braised short rib was amazing.  So tender and flavorful.  You can cut this sucker w/ your fork!  The green peas were delicious too.  I'm not sure why the onion rings are here - I'd prefer something else to be honest.TIPS:+If you are ordering appetizers I'd highly recommend ordering a side of bread so you can dip your bread in all the delicious sauces
5	I absolutely LOVE Public House. Not only is their beer selection fantastic, but their menu is pretty damn good too. Their pub burger is delicious, but the other dishes are so great that I would venture out to something you wouldn't normally order. The pork loin (how it is served has changed a few times, all delicious) is cooked to a medium (145* ish), which is a refreshing change to the typically overcooked pork in most restaurants. Their take on chicken and waffles, "quail and waffles" was tasty, but the small quail made it a little tricky to navigate. Short Rib - My husband's absolute favorite. They actually fall of the bone and you have to knife and fork it.Scallops - Perfectly cooked, but beware that onions are a main attraction and isn't listed that way on the menu.Any item from the butcher block/cheese shop make for a great starter, but the devil's on horseback (blue cheese stuffed dates, wrapped in bacon...on the bar menu) are a must-have.I haven't mentioned too much about the beer, but I assure you any beer lover will be in heaven. If Russell the cicerone is there, you must have him come over and suggest a pairing for whatever you're eating...he was spot on, every time.
4	This is the place for a great burger period.  Although the bone marrow with caramelized onions and pork shoulder are pretty damn good too.  So, with great service and wonderful ambiance I really liked this restaurant and look forward to returning.
2	I want so bad to give this place a good review, but I got so sick after eating here! I mean, what do I do in this situation? I had a great time dining here, thought the food was decent (going down) and I immensely enjoyed the beer selection. But it's all out the window after a bought of violent body purging illness, so sad really. I've narrowed down which food item caused the involuntary evacuation, and I know for sure it was the scotch egg. When I saw it on the menu, I was dazzled, having just seen a special on the food network about scotch eggs, I had to try it, and oh the regret ... Side note, a scotch egg sounds much better than it actually tastes. Skip it.I tried the sour beer, their house lager, and the cask beer (which is just a fancy way to serve flat beer) all excellent. The short rib was ok, but it tasted a lot like Mom's crock pot. The lobster creamed corn was off the chain!!!!!! My husband's quail and waffles were fabulous too. Just wish we had kept it down in our bellies instead of ... well ... use your imagination.
2	Stopped in for lunch after a morning of gambling at the Palazzo.  I like the space.  It's like a hipster Vegas version of a British pub.  This is mostly a beer place, being a pub or whatever, and as I'm gluten free I stayed with he cocktail menu.  Had a bloody followed by a G&T.  (Poor form, I know.  Cry me a river.)  I also had tuna tataki and pomme frites. I was prepared to love them based on the cocktails but I didn't.  The pomme frites in particular were disappointing.  My check, with a Palazzo guest discount was $50+.  I am not a skinflint in Vegas, but damnation!  $50+ for lunch for one person in Vegas. Plus tip. Really?  The waitress was cute so I guess guys would like her.  Service, however was sorely lacking.  Doubt I'll be a repeat offender here.
1	Decor was upscale and friendly.  Food could use little more attention for $$$. Service was disappointing because server did not take order correctly twice and loudness of the restaurant was unpleasant.
5	Real Beer on the Strip! Amazing! When you drink beer like I do you can tell the difference between a place that opened because they heard Beer is now "a thing" and a place that really gives someone with passion and knowledge control of the beer program. I will be back every visit because I know they will have different beers waiting for me each time. They get bonus points for offering half pours too. When there are this many taps filled with local beers and rarities, getting stuck with a 16oz pour just sucks. The food was great too! I had the Asparagus side and the Mushroom side. The Welsh Bread they bring out with dinner is to die for!
4	I've been here probably 5 or so times now over the last year and a half or so. The beer list is still the best I've seen anywhere, but I feel the last couple of meals here have been just so-so.The food's decent overall, just not as good as I felt it had been. For example, a couple of hot appetizers have come out with cold spots. I told our waiter and he tried to explain it as the kitchen maybe being out of practice with this particular item because they don't sell many of them. Sounds more like a lack of quality control in the kitchen to me.As a bar, 5 stars. Literally can't do better if you're on the Las Vegas strip and want a quality craft beer.As a restaurant, 3 stars. With so many great restaurants on the strip, you can do better IMHO.
4	This place is awesome. I was already drunk when we got here (as you should be, it's Vegas), and the place was empty so we were seated immediately. My drink for the night was a manhattan made with bulleit rye, perfect. We had alot of fun interacting with our servers, which set the mood for the rest of the night.I got the short rib and bone marrow, and got to taste the foie gras and poutine. The short rib was ridiculous. Braised to tender melted collagen perfection while retaining its beefy flavor. It went perfectly with the creamy potato puree it was served with. The roasted bone marrow with onion marmalade was the ultimate combination of savory and sweet. It was my first time having it and I don't remember how it was prepared, but the foie gras was delicious simply because it is foie gras. The poutine wasn't as impressive as the other dishes (can you even call it poutine without the cheese curds and gravy?). It was the kind of meal where you're forced to savor every bite, you're compelled to share your food with your friends, you're reminded that food can be this good. As for the price, it's what you'd expect from a gastropub in vegas.
4	Handsome place for American comfort food with a twist. Steaks, a burger of good repute, some imaginative salads and a giant beer list of over 250 selections.So, of course, I started with the Prosecco. What?! Yeah, I felt like it in this heavy 100 degree heat. It worked fine. The wine and beer list is available in a book or on an iPad; both were at our table. Those who ordered salads liked them. I nibbled on the Baby Lettuce & FennelBlue Cheese Crumbles, Figs, Pistachio, Citrus Balsamic Vinaigrette. I would have ordered my own but I learned a small frise salad came with many entrees. The fried oysters looked good, and were reportedly very nice. I held out for the bone-in Ribeye, one of my very favorites. It's a popular cut, and the priciest on the menu as well as the largest at 18 oz. It was very satisfying. Of course the chef's butter on top never hurts -- and in my book, I think that's actually cheating as one can hide a lot of sins behind butter, garlic and even a dash of lemon. Still, it didn't detract from the Creek Farms Natural Black Angus Beef, which is vegetarian fed, and free from hormones and other bad stuff. Cooked to order, and it was enough for me to have held-off on the starters.  Others at our table had the Filet, or the Free-range Chicken, or even the Quail and Waffles. The last one is a nice take on Chicken n Waffles, of course. Though, it was reported that the quail was a bit hard to really get at in the 'meaty' way chicken is. Service occasionally bobbled the ball. A slight mix-up on a drink; a salad that was to have been dressing on the side -- and it's replacement took awhile. ('Maybe they're washing it off my salad', went the wisecrack). I enjoyed a big red wine from Sonoma or Alexander Valley. I was asked if I wanted another long after my steak was gone. Similarly, another diner in our party did order another glass of wine, but had to wait maybe 10 minutes for a refill.A few service quibbles aside, PH was a solid choice. The desserts did not blow us away by their description, so we left that for later in the evening.
4	Loved the ambiance of this place! We just stopped in for apps and drinks. I would absolutely go back for a meal. We had a great server who was very knowledgable about the menu items and gave great recommendations. The steak tartare was delicious!
4	I'm going to go out on a limb and say that Public House has the best burger I've ever eaten in Las Vegas. Their fish and chips were pretty decent too! Their "Death in the afternoon" is enough to merit a return soon.  I've walked past this place a million times and finally decided to stop in for a reasonably easy bite before a show. The service was good, the interior is nice and the atmosphere was pretty much "casual fine dining". This is definitely the perfect 'middle of the road' option at the Venetian. P.S: I was told they have a locals discount Monday-Thursday!
4	Geeze Casinos these days are all molding together so fast i was pretty sure i would forget where i parked. Good thing i got back to the car on time.Cask beer - Reading the menu made the Cask beer sound interesting and at 9 dollars it wasnt too bad. The beer of the day was called.....umm...cask beer...hell i barely knew what i was ordering. When the glass came i noticed the foam wasnt from carbonation but was from pouring. Initial taste was light and fruity and the follow up was of a dark beer. No surprise considering it was a darker beer. I took a sip Anthony M took a sip and we looked at each other. Then i said...LYCHEE BEER!! yeah it had a fruity aroma to it with some sweetness that tasted like lychees. Poutine - I've never had poutine before. I've only heard of poutines through EPIC MEAL TIME!! so what i was expecting was already warped by internet bacon. What came out was a classier version and not as heavy or as...umm...drenched as what i was expecting. The fries were EXCELLENT even without the cheese curds or gravy or duck the fries themselves were EXCELLENT. The dish was nicely balanced but could have used a bit less salt.Pub Burger - After a few trips to Bachi Burger i was pretty damn sure i'd never truely enjoy another burger that wasnt from Bachi. Now i'm ready to revise that. For 'Fusion' Burgers Bachi still holds a special place in my heart through the form of cholesterol in one of my arteries and might kill me one of these days but oh well totally worth it. The Pub Burger is possibly one of the best american style burgers i've had in a while. The roasted tomatoes just add another layer of depth and flavors through it's sweetness and the gruyere cheese just blended nicely with the meat patty. Awesome totally awesome.For the most part i try not to eat on the strip or at casinos very often as i prefer to support local businesses and stick to the more sane experience of dinning off the strip. If i did find myself anywhere near this area i would definitely come back and try other dishes.
4	Not to be confused with the Public House inside Luxor.  Or the Social House inside Crystals (someone in our party made that mistake somehow).  Public House inside The Venetian has quite the beer selection, and serves up some tasty food to accompany it.We started off with the poutine, that delicious poutine.  Fries, gravy, duck, cheese curds and a fried egg.  I like all of these things on their own; but together?  I almost didn't want to share.  Everything combines to create a very savory, fancy, bar food appetizer.  A bit salty, but it was okay since we had plenty of beer available to wash it down with.  I see myself ordering this every time I come to Public house.  For dinner I had the Pub Burger, which I was a bit leery about.  Anytime a burger approaches the $20 price point, I better be getting something special.  The standouts here were the bacon marmalade, roasted tomato and aioli.  This was not a dry burger; it was juicy and had plenty of sauce and flavors going for it.  Between these two dishes, I think ordering one of each and sharing with someone makes for a good meal to carb up and prepare for more beer.  I don't find myself in the Venetian very often (although I've been there three times in the past week...), but Public House does a very good job of giving me a reason to go back.
4	Wanted to do something casual and not outrageously expensive (is that even possible in vegas?) sooo we made a reservation for 6 here.Started with the bone marrow and poutine and both were great. I am actually not a big duck fan but the duck confit in the poutine was a welcomed addition. I loved this dish overall.To eat I had the octopus app and a side of asparagus. For me it was the perfect amount of food and I thought the octopus was cooked perfectly. Overall I really enjoyed both the space and the meal. Service left a lot to be desired but  I generally focus more on the food so I won't let that affect my opinion :)
2	The food's ok, but nothing we couldn't get in LA for less $. Likewise, the cocktails were good classics, but light on the liquor and heavy on the small-cubed ice. First time out, we sat in the restaurant, not the bar. We had the duck rillettes and the quail and waffles. The rillettes were pure heaven--so good that we came back for a farewell meal of them before leaving Vegas. The quail was a heavy, over-breaded gimmick. The waffles were bland. Totally not worth the $26The service was...interesting. Interesting as in, I could write a thesis called Gender Dynamics in Las Vegas Cocktail Service on the experience. Our cocktail server on our second trip was friendly, but she made a point of serving my male companion everything first to the extent that when she accidentally set down my drink in front of him, instead of moving it over to me or allowing me to take it, she put it back on the tray, served my companion his drink, and then served me mine.  Note to Cocktail Servers: The guest with the penis isn't always the one who picks up the tab. Treating all guests equally will probably land you better tips overall than will treating the ones with ladyparts like second class citizens.
4	Seems like this is the new trend, Gastropubs.    This is one of two that we visited while in Vegas.They have a fairly extensive beer selection.  With such a large selection, they have sampler selections that would allow you to try different beers without getting too blitzed.From the "Butcher Block" tried the Jamon Serrano and the Rabbit Loin in Porcetta.  Serrano ham was good, not too salty.  The Rabbit/Porcetta was flavorful and moist.Tried three cheeses from the "Cheese Shop"  Don't remember all but do remember the Roquefort Blue.  Mild for a blue cheese which is a good thing.  Accompanied the two dishes were toast points, jam, and grain mustard.The short ribs were dry, crispy frog legs were good, poutine was the best of the three.  What's not good about fries covered in gravy, cheese curds, and duck confit.Overall the experience was worthwhile and would not mind revisiting this establishment.
1	This review is for breakfast only.  Unbelievably bad breakfast. Wobbly table, bad service, had to ask for salt, pepper, napkin and silverware. Cream for coffee was old and curdled, sausage was disgusting, eggs not the way I ordered them. Coffee lousy too. I recommend you eat anywhere but here for breakfast. Seemed like cafeteria food.
4	Love their large selection of beers and beer flights to try their beers.The Steak was good, perfectly The waffles and quail had good flavor, was a good sized portion and I really liked the way they prepared the quail.Creamed CORNNN I loved it.Overall, its a good place to go for a group dinner or to try some beers in Vegas. Its nice, the prices are Vegas prices so whatever, but its great as a place to go just downstairs from our hotel room.
2	Two stars for their large selection of beer. They have an extensive bottle list but the prices are stadium level high; $14 for a Dog Fish Palo Santo Marron and $8 for Negro Modelo?? come on! But prices weren't the only thing that knocked down my review....The service... my god... so we had a table for 5 and 3 of us were good to go at the reservation time, I figured that would be enough to get seated. But no... their policy was we needed to have the entire group. This was on a Friday but there were plenty of tables available and they close at 12 so I don't see why this rule isn't flexible. We just wanted to get some appetizers and give you our money! Since two of us were running an hour late, we decided to head back to the Venetian and gamble. Luckily it wasn't a total bust as I won $134 on the monopoly machine. We went back at ~10:30 (might've been 11) with our 5 and... yeah they weren't seating people anymore. So we had to seat in their lounge area. We grabbed a seat from another table (again PLENTY of tables available) and figured we could get a few drinks in before closing time. The first round was quick and on point. Second round not so much... two drinks took well over half an hour to arrive, small apology is all we got, and another was brought without a clean glass. The place was pretty dead so I have no idea why it took so long to get our drinks. But the beer was good and we were no our way. Until we saw the terrible bill.We were double charged for the two drinks that took +30mins to arrive. We had asked for a split check and they weren't even close to be correct. Took us a few minutes to flag her down but she did manage to write down which drinks should be billed to which check. Though she did fight us on the double charges. She kept pointing to my beer and saying I had two of the $14 beers... yeah I would've remember that. She also said "well the bar made two margaritas" and we countered with "well we only ordered one and only one showed up". Took a few more run through and she was annoyed by it but she did fix it so I tipped her the difference.Wish I had the chance to try out the food but with the lousy service maybe it was for the best. I'll go back with a fellow beer lover but the price and service aren't worth for the casual group gatherings.
2	Overall the experieince was uninspiring.  On the positive side, I enjoyed the use of the iPad for viewing drink options and the beer selection available.  The biggest negative was that the filet I ordered was over-cooked.  In addition, other members of the party also had extremely over-cooked steaks.  For instance, medium-rare steaks coming out well done.  At the price point, you would expect the cooks to execute on the temperature.The waiter was not very knowledgeable on the beers offered or beer styles.  He also lacked etiquette by taking the tip from the table before we were ready to leave the table (his shift was not over).In summary, I will not go back and you should not go here for steak.
4	Good beer selection. Friendly staff. Prompt service. Tasty food. That's all I'm really looking for in Vegas. Is it too expensive?  Yes, but come on, it's the Venetian.
2	Hate to say this, but I really wanted to like this place. Everything started out great, we were impressed with the beer selection and we ended up getting a great beer flight. That was all that was good about this place. After ordering drinks, our waiter disappeared. We finally had to ask another waiter to send him over so we could order food. If only we had known, we would have stopped after ordering beer...We started with the "Devils on Horseback" (bacon-wrapped dates) and they were shameful and bland. You want a real bacon-wrapped date? Head over to La Cave inside Wynn next door. I had high hopes for the mussels since they came highly recommended from the staff, however those hopes were dashed. They came in a giant pot (not good for sharing, even though our waiter said they were...) and were also tasteless.We stopped ordering after that since the food was so disappointing. We ended up having Dinner Part 2 later on that evening since we were still hungry after leaving Public House.Skip it, there are a thousand better places within a stone's throw of this place.
5	Really enjoyed this place ... our group of 4 were able to grab a sofa in the lounge area (towards the front of the restaurant) on a Saturday around noon to watch some college football.  The waitresses were extremely attentive (and drop-dead gorgeous).  We were the only ones near one of the larger TVs, so we requested they change the channel to a certain game.  The manager came by and confirmed with us what game we wanted and promptly put it on that game.  So far so good.  I read a few tips on Foursquare, and most beer lovers said to get a beer called "Moose Drool Brown Ale", which was brewed by Big Sky Brewery out of Montana.  Boy were they right about that ... great beer.  I would highly recommend it as well.  Prices were up there (it is a spot in the Venetian after all), but not at LA or NYC levels.  I ordered the Pub Burger and it was one of the best burgers I've ever had.My Quick and Dirty review ... Atmosphere - Great (had a cigar bar feel to it (without the smoke) ... dimly lit, leather couches, big TVs, attractive waitresses, etc.)Food/Drinks - Fantastic (phenomenal beer selection and one of the best burgers I've ever had)Service - Good (very attentive and helpful in recommending beers ... did I mention attractive waitresses?)Summary - If you are a beer lover, this is a must-see in Sin City.  If you are NOT a beer lover, I would still recommend it (just get a glass of wine instead).
4	Not a sports bar for my liking BUT one helluva beer list and the food was Simply amazing.  Had the bone marrow which turned out to be fantastic. Love the place.  Love the food.  A must when in Vegas if you love your beer as much as you Love your food
3	Slow service but good beer selection. Hard to have a conversation given noise level. Good spot for decompression but not business chat.
4	Great beer selection, of course.  Had the Pork Belly sandwich and found it a bit too fatty, but taste was good.  Their Potted Farm Egg appetizer was really good.  Very rich though, maybe that's why the Pork Belly Sandwich to follow was too much.  Good service for 12 people.
2	I wanted to like this place - I'm a New Yorker who got stranded in Vegas and really needed some delicious non-buffet gastropub grub when I found this place on Yelp.Walked in, the decor was nice and they had a great beer list, but the place lacked a certain warmth you usually find in a gastropub...We sat at the bar when the place was empty around lunchtime on a weekday, and immediately the bartender (who looked about 10 years younger than me) aggressively IDs me - but not the people I was with. I get it, I'm a woman, maybe you want to flatter me. But Honey, I'm 35, and while it's cool to ID someone, there is a certain decorum when IDing. This bartender went on to be cool and unfriendly the duration of the experience. Food was ok - 3 stars but nothing to write home about, but they really have some nerve charging $10 extra to put TWO SHRIMP on a salad as the "protein." Overall, this place is better than the slop at the buffets and most of the other "celeb chef" haunts around Vegas, but could not make it in NYC where there are better options for good food/beer, at much more reasonable prices.
1	I went with a friend and we were both so excited, what to try because the menu looked great.Unfortunately everything came out cold. It came out really fast, but cold. The Poutine was so bad that the cheese had hardened and we sent it back. The second Poutine was warm and the cheese was not a rock, but really only the Mussels were enjoyable. I really wanted to like it hear but the food was mediocore.
4	Ran into this place on accident around lunch time.  The beer selection is no doubt amazing.  I had the Belgium sampler and it was pretty tasty.  Also the service here is great too!  We were seated immediately and our server was very knowledgeable about the beer selection.  We ordered the butter chicken for an appetizer.  SO GOOD. I wish I would have just ordered this for my meal.  For our entrees my husband ordered the burger and I ordered the pork belly sand which.  I don't know how the burger was because my husband ate it in about 1 bite, but he seemed to enjoy it!  The pork belly sandwich was just okay, there was way too much slaw and no apple aioli like promised.  The pork belly was also jut a bit off, like it was almost too chewy.  I know pork belly in general is very fatty and can be chewy but I kept feeling the need to look an make sure what I was eating was cooked!  We also had the poutine with an egg on top....very good! The gravy was tasty as was the cheese!  Overall not a bad place for lunch!
5	Had a great experience here last weekend.  Sat at one of the tables in the bar and had a great server.  Tried the shepherds pie wontons or something like that.  Very good but the big highlight was the burger.  It was amazing!  Our server did recommend that.  Another great plus was the huge beer selection, which my boyfriend loved.  We stumbled upon for our first bite when we get to Vegas and were very excited to start our food excursion for the week.
4	My wife and I had wanted to try this place for a long time, so when better than when we're on the strip for my birthday staycation?First things first - the decor is comfortable and they do the "iPad drink menu" thing that CUT does, which is neat. However, since you don't physically order your drinks, it does allow for awkward errors like the server bringing handing me the pumpkin ale when in fact, I ordered the ginger-cherry cocktail and it was my wife who got the beer.Perhaps microbrew enthusiasts come here for the 24 beers on tap, but we came here for food - and were not disappointed. The poutine was rich and flavorful, and my wife enjoyed her short rib. I got a pub burger and it hit the spot, although with so many other fancy hamburger joints on the strip, it probably wouldn't be my first choice.The service was a little spotty (they close super-early and we came close to closing) but the food was good and there were no major issues. It's a solid choice in the Venetian, which - I think - is severely lacking in good restaurants.
3	I had unexpected hopes for this one, it was one I wanted to try but the hit and miss reviews kinda made me skeptical but I went with it.  I went with open arms and mouth wanting anything they gave me to judge on my own.  First of our server was amazing, attentive, helpful and just all around a nice guy!  So 0 stars off for that.  He was well trained in what he had to offer and what each thing on his item was the only fall for him was the oysters on that night sounded like ones we knew but we thought they were small ones from the west coast he said yes but they were VERY large ones from whatever coast at that point we didn't, care we prefer small west coast.  A more oyster flavor and EXTREMELY large oyster was put in front of us not our favorite but we gulped it down.  I will not hold this against him because this was our fault for not knowing so if you don't know ask and ask a lot ...The decor is nice, awesome if you are a tourist but for locals just another joint on the strip.  The hostesses are very nice and extremely good looking for me I don't care but my boyfriend enjoyed the nice service and view.  Beer selection amazing but I like wine on a night out and they had a great wine selection as well.Atmosphere for a strip spot pretty quiet but it may have been the night a big night may be much louder.  Great decor and seating to fit your needs best to call or set ahead.  We decided to go with a bunch of apps to try a variety and not to commit to just one meal.  We followed fellow reviewers and were really excited and happy with the Poutine with egg very rich and filling anyone who complains about the richness might not want to consider this one it is straight up fries, gravy and cheese a few other random ingredients fabulous but rich. Foie Gras, if I don't think about it I love it but honestly I always have a hard time eating it however my boyfriend loves it and I will not waste something put in front of me in this instance it was great a nice blend of richness, sweetness and nuttiness from other ingredients to blend very nicely.  I have never had Bone Marrow but really wanted to try something different, I was sadly disappointed we expected big flavors it was basically a butter like substance with an extremely small smoke flavor (which I think came from the smoked onions not bone marrow) I do not know if it was done right but I will not waste my time spending that much money on non flavored nothingness ever again.We also indulged in the Pate' again nothing worth mentioning, the bread was good though Pate' eeehhh.So all in all the food was good it was not bad just only good not great but not bad that may be a bad thing depending on your opinion. I personally will not be back there are so many amazing restaurants in this town I will not spend time here but if your on the strip and looking for great beer, great service, great ambiance and good food not great but good english style pub then enjoy, you will have a great time!
3	Food and beer were excellent tonight. Filet, mashed potatoes, spinach, pilsner all marvelous.  Service was pretty slow though and waiter disappeared for 20+ minutes during our meal.
4	So first thing this gal could think of after completing the RNR half marathon here in Vegas is a tasty burger and beer!!Located in the Venetian, I was staying at the adjoining Palazzo, Public House was a mighty fine choice!!I ordered the pub burger and a Hoeegarteen to drink. The burger was so delicious and flavorful! My stomach was extremely happy! A lively crowd , I also enjoyed talking to the bartender and several British patrons as well!!
4	Pricey; it's the Strip in LV.  But they have bourbon that is almost impossible to find anywhere else. And while they don't have a billion beers on tap what they do have is a fine selection of really good beers.  And as for the food, just don't get be started on the bacon marmalade; a revalation.
3	I had lunch here on a Tuesday afternoon.I left rather conflicted-On one hand, the ambience, service staff and menu were great.  The server was particularly enthusiastic. I liked the ipad drink menu.  The Belgian beer flight was amazing.On the other hand, I had the daily special - a pulled pork sandwich - which was a utter flop / disaster.  There were bone pieces, lots of gristle - completely gagifying.  For a devout carnivore, even I was grossed out.With this however, I'd be willing to give Public House a second try...
5	I had the pleasure of having the chicken sandwich here at Public House for lunch while visiting Vegas. At only $16, which I'll consider a cheap lunch by Vegas standards, it was a quality sandwich!You may think, it's just a chicken sandwich. You can't really mess that up but I'll have you know that I have had many boring chicken sandwiches. This sandwich had an amazing piece of chicken on it, smoked ham, provolone, and this slightly tangy beer mustard all between a pretzel roll. The pretzel roll itself was very delicious.The meal also came with herbed fries that were simply amazing. Unfortunately, I couldn't finished all of them because the sandwich was so deliciously filling.
4	Public House was a solid choice by one of our heads of sales who hosted 30 people here. Public House appears to be ideal for a group of any size.  The beer list was excellent - plenty of great white ale choices. Here's the rundown on the grub: - Steak tartare (A) - awesome - Buratta with pork rinds (A) - unique take - exceptional - Grilled Octopus (B+) solid dish - Scallops were a miss (B-) - should have ordered the Scottish Salmon or Quail Great option if you want a down-to-earth option in Vegas with great food and zero pretentiousness
4	Great wine and beer selection. Comfortable ambience. A little understaffed so service is not super attentionate. Portions are small. Arancini balls were amazing. Heirloom tomatoes good. The farafall pasta was meh. Cheeses were solid yum. Poutine was fancy. Good but needed more cheese.
4	Great ambiance. Excellent service. Solid menu deliciously prepared. Turn down the tv in the bar a notch and you would score a solid 5.
4	Prices are very high for the size of the portion you get. They could definitely put more food on the plates with this price! The quality of the food was perfect and the service was quick and good.
5	This has become our favorite low-key place to eat in Las Vegas. The service is almost always outstanding, the food is consistently great and they treat their locals well.  They update their menu seasonally (both food and drinks) so it's always interesting to see what new things have been added to the menu. We've tried lots of things but keep wandering back to the pub burger; it's the best burger I've ever had in Las Vegas.  Their cocktail list is extensive as is their beer menu; if beer is your thing, you can't go wrong here. I'm a fan of their cocktails; "Death in the Afternoon" and "Sinister in the Fall" are my favorites.  Las Vegas has a bad habit of training hostesses to pretend to be bouncers and so many times I've felt unwelcome when walking into a restaurant; Public House is completely the opposite and their hostesses always greet us warmly. They also have the most polite food runners I've ever encountered. The waiters and waitresses are all fantastic too (we usually ask for Steven or Sarah, but you can't go wrong with any of them). The overall attitude here is so positive and I find it really refreshing; that earns it top marks in my book. *I mentioned in my previous review that they offer a locals discount, though I'll admit it's a little confusing about how much it is and when you can get it. I figure it's because locals are less common in a place like this, not all of the servers are on the same page about it (very forgivable). I believe that locals get 20% off (with local ID) Monday through Thursday, but it's best to ask beforehand.
4	For the strip, there is no better beer bar than the Public House at the Venetian (not to be confused with Public House at Luxor).  A great list of taps, and even a couple cask brews (only found here in Vegas!).  They also have the first Nevada, Cicerone, a Beer Expert that makes sure to take care of your requests and match your palette with the appropriate brew and food pairing.  Prices can be a little high.. but it's the strip, it is to be expected.  Their Gold Standard burger is legit.... Guinness Aoli compliments it perfectly... but it's pricey.
3	Great ideal to the LV strip...! Service was great and staffing excellent ! My only suggestions would be to lose the iPad ordering system....it takes too long to pick a beer due to all the searching and pointing...then it is pulled from you when you want to compare tasting notes ( not maliciously mind you ). Just good old fashioned paper menus would be fine....seems like every restaurant is doing this iPad menu now..ugh.Also regarding beers...the cicerone should aim the beers more in an area where your palette doesn't tire. His recommendations and style seems more heavily laying in barley wine sweeter ales...and leaving so many holes open for crispy IPAs and great pilsners....take a note from the Stone Brewing menu in Escondido CA : they have SO many hard to get 'craft independent' beers it makes it a pleasure to TRY to pick out a beer....still have to respect the Yard House.Food is good and menu put together really well...cheers on that !Lastly...just because you have a 'cask' pour...we all don't like a lukewarm pour straight from....Overall ill try again to get the 'beer' on !
5	One of the best places I've been in Vegas.  Rivals Todd English' P.U.B. at Aria.  This establishment is across the Strip about a mile up, Inside the Venetian.  We sat at the bar.Modern, sexy, English, industrial looking gastropub with at least two TVs to watch the game over the bar.  Friendly, very knowledgeable staff (yay for Nick & Laila!).  Exquisite beer selection both on draft and in the bottle.  Straight up fun menus on freaking iPads.  Menus on iPads.  What is this, the future???The food.  Wow.  The food.  I had fried quail and waffles on a bed of greens with lemongrass butter and Moose Drool syrup.  How you say . . . pornographically good?  My friend and I probably looked like zoo animals fighting over bites of this dish.  The fries.  WTF?  Shredded beef.  Au jus gravy.  A fried egg.  I don't even know.  I just don't know.  My pescatarian fiance didn't even have problems sopping up the gravy.  Some sort of beet salad.  Way better than it had any right to be.  Just stop it.Potted egg.  Come on.  For real.  Not cheap, but wow.
2	Summary:  Great beer, good ambiance, below average food.  Only the Beer saves this place from a lower rating.Food:  1 starEnglish pub vibe with an American twist means you need to ROCK the fish and chips.  Instead, we got a small portion of overly breaded and greasy fried fish with nearly tasteless, over cooked potato chips.  Yep, the chef must think it hip to serve "real" chips instead of french fries of some sort.  For $22, this was the absolute WORST MEAL I've ever had at the Venetian. Beer:  5 starsOn this point, they simply do rock.  Fantastic selection.Service:  2 starsOur waiter was a nice guy and knew his beer, but after hearing me talk about how much I was looking forward to a solid plate of fish and chips, he took no initiative to warn me that what PH calls fish and chips is not close to expectations.  I rate wait staff based on price point, and my bad experience could have been completely avoided by the waiter simply paying attention and talking to me about the menu more completely.  Keep in mind that he knew I hadn't even looked at the food menu since I was set on fish and chips.
5	There are MANY great things I can say about this establishment..afterall it is owned and operated by Block 16 Hospitality. Same people who brought you Holstein's @Cosmo, Pink's @Planet Hollywood, The Barrymore @The Royal Resort, and the list goes on..(hopefully it will keep expanding, cause they know food :)I went the day after New Year's because I felt like eating a steak. (Gotta' start the New Year off with one, I mean I survived the whole 'end of the world' thing).. I sat in the cocktail lounge, Lorelei, was my server. She was very friendly, attentive, and made me feel special. I started out with some appetizers. I had the burrata cheese and the devils on horseback. The burrata cheese was beautifully crafted. It consisted of burrata cheese (an Italian cheese; mozzarella and creme), tomatillo sauce, chicharones, and grilled nopales. Yes, you read right, grilled cactus. The dish was great to start out with. I grabbed a pork rind and dove right into the cheese and mixed it with the sauce and cactus. It was different, and different is GOOD, let me tell you. Complex flavors of creamy cheese, cactus and the sauce was amazing! Have it with a Stella and you'll see for yourself. Then I moved on to the devils. Dates stuffed with Roquefort blue cheese, wrapped in applewood smoked bacon. The whole salty, sweet thing going on. Obviously, they are light years ahead of the competiton ;)After I finished my apps, I was ready to order my steak. I heard this place cooks up one hefty steak, so I decided to see if the legend was true.. Lorelei told me that there was a special going on. A veal chop with asparagus, king crab legs, and bearnaise on the side. I'm allergic to shellfish and I asked if she could replace the crab with someone else. She smiled, and took care of it right away. While waiting on my entree, I looked around and noticed how happy the table next to me was with their meal so I knew I was in for a treat. Out comes my entree. She told me the chef put a potato puree under the chop because of my allergy to the crab and even a lil bit more asparagus, this made me happy! I poured my bearnaise on my chop and got to diggin' in. I couldn't even finish my meal because it was so good. It's very rare to find a place that cooks up a meal so good that it has that effect. The Veal itself was tender, juicy, full of flavor. The asparagus' taste was fresh, and the bearnaise really kicked it up a notch! This was a great dining experience to bring in the new year. Very clean, very relaxed, and the atmosphere makes YOU feel like you're not in Vegas but in a paradise of fine booze and food. Oh, dont let me forget the dessert! It was a special dessert. I had smoked vanilla bean profiteroles w/ espresso chocolate sauce and Deschutte's Black Butte Porter marshmallows.  Very light, not too heavy. But so damn good, made my mouth have an orgasm...If you come to Vegas, please dont overlook this place. And the people who gave negative reviews, they dont know GOOD food. So forget about it! Cheers!
5	This place is spendy, but it's worth it. A coworker and I were in town for a conference and stopped in for a beer and lunch. The bartenders are knowledgeable about all their beers and will pour you a good sized sample if you're not sure about a particular brew. I overheard another customer ordering a martini and the bartender asked him plenty of questions about how the customer wanted his drink so he could "dial it in just right."I had the poutine with braised oxtail and my coworker had the beer brat sandwich. Both were excellent, but the Public House's fries are absolutely addictive.I'll be back next time I'm in town.
4	This is the Public House inside Venetian, not to be confused with the Public House at Luxor, which I've not been to (yet).We ate at Public House on the last night of a trip with a bunch of guys, so it was a good choice in that regard.  Well above average "pub food" and, as many note, a huge selection of beers.  They have a lot of seasonal and specialty beers, so the menu is changing often.We had a few appetizers to start, my favorite was the poutine.  Excellent, and heavy, dish.  The cheese curds were a fantastic taste all their own, even without above average french fries.  I had the pub burger, which, at nearly $20 is pricey.  But, it's a very very good cheeseburger, cooked perfectly, seared and juicy.  Lots of gruyere cheese.  The bacon marmalade was an interesting and welcome condiment.This is a pretty good sized place, so you don't feel cramped.  Highly recommended, even if you don't drink beer.  But, when you are at Public House, as Wooderson says, it'd be a lot cooler if you did...
3	On a whim, we chose to eat here on 01/18 since we were attending the "Soul2Soul" show at the Venetian and it was close to the theater. With the "Shot Show" convention at the Sands Expo, the restaurant was full and loud. Without any prior reservations, It took about 30 min. to sit our party of 7. The service was very good, the house merlot was very smooth and my filet mignon was perfectly cooked w/side order of mushrooms. BTW...did I already say it was very loud?
4	Fun, wonderful food and an amazing beer selection. Our waiter had excellent knowledge of the food and the beer, and made our visit great. I will definitely eat here again, if we ever visit LV again.
3	The food was good, it was a little cold though and you could tell it had been sitting under heat lamps. Not the kitchen staffs fault. I was the service, or shall I say lack there of. The waiters were too busy hitting on the female staff to care about what the patrons were in need of.
1	On our annual guys trip (we are all thirty-something guys) we went to Public House last year.  Everyone absolutely loved it, even my one friend who is an extreme foodie and does not like most places we pick out.  So everyone was wanting to go back this year.  We had an 8:30 Sunday reservation so it was not crowded.  Due to a few people stuck at a Black Jack table we had a party of 5.  It took forever to get our server to initially stop by the table (at least 10 minutes).  Then our drink order took forever to get to our table.  There were not that many tables filled in the restaurant.  When we finally got to order we ordered our entrees and some of us ordered a salad or an appetizer.  After 30 minutes we still had not received even our salad or appetizer.  My friend who used to be a server at several fine dining restaurants was getting a little impatient at how ridiculous the ticket time was taking.  He kindly asked the server for a manager.  It took her a bit to come over (tall, skinny African American younger woman), but when he explained the situation saying our server was super nice, but he clearly must be drastically in the weeds since it was taking him forever for the drinks and that we had not seen any food.  She did not seem to care one bit, she seem unapologetic, and said she would check on it.  When she came back after awhile, she said it would be coming, what the heck does that even mean?  My buddy said just bring us the check we were leaving (we were there for over an hour at this point with only one round of drinks to show for it the second round had not even gotten there).  She said okay, attempted no customer recovery.  When she brought the check, she had overcharged us by $25!  I was so disgusted on how terrible this place has become in just a year.  I will never go back and on my way out I told 4 different parties walking in how bad this place was, I at least got one to turn around.
5	This place is outstanding.  Our server had an excellent knowledge of the many beers on the menu and good pairings with the food.  The food is out of this world.  Yes, it's not cheap, and the portions are on the smaller side, but I loved being full but not too full to keep drinking!  And the music didn't suck either.  My beer-connoisseur husband and I will definitely be back the next time we are in the Venetian.
4	Poutine! Moscow Mules, lots of beers and great service. Food overall is great. Bar needs more seating. They won't let you do apps and drinks in the restaurant. Prices are no more than you'd expect in Vegas, meaning about 20% high.
3	Awesome selection of beers :) Expensive though!
4	i am definitely a fan of their wait staff, the service, and their menu. seafood galore - my favorite was the scallops and pork belly!!! slightly on the pricey side but we enjoyed an extremely pleasurable meal!
1	I had the WORST steak of my life and service at this restaurant! Before I begin, I want to share that I'm a very easy to please restaurant patron - good food and simple yet attentive service is what I look for as would most people eating out. My boyfriend and I went there on our first night in Las Vegas. We arrived within an hour of closing and were sat by the kitchen area. My boyfriend ordered their cheeseburger and I ordered their steak. The cheeseburger was sub-standard, but edible and some god-awful basket of fries, melted cheese, pulled-meat and foie gras was all mixed in. This is supposedly their special basket of fries...my goodness. The steak was by far the worst I've ever attempted to eat. I requested it cooked medium-well and had to send it back three times as it came back pink and bleeding. The third time it came out (a new steak even) it was butter-filleted into sections, almost chopped, and it was charbroiled. Unbelievable!  The waiter we had trumped the food by far. I normally don't put waiters on blast like this, however, it is necessary here. If anyone remembers the episode of "Keeping Up With the Kardasians" where Scott shoved $100 in that blonde waiter's mouth at Kim's birthday bash...we actually had the same guy serving us. He must have quit or gotten fired from Tao or wherever he worked in the episode. His disposition toward serving us was worse than poor. He was in a rush to leave and never asked us whether we wanted dessert. Needless to say, I left there still hungry. We were highly disappointed with the food and service and will never go back. Let this serve as a warning for anyone visiting Las Vegas.
3	Barely 3-stars. Out of several beers on the menu. Food was creative, but did not wow. Pretty meh experience for the price.
1	This place is just an over priced Yardhouse. Amazing beer selection, but the crappy service and over priced beers and food doesn't make it worth it. I had this seafood pasta dish and the pasta was undercooked and my date's spareribs dish was tiny. Our server spilled water on the table while filling up our glasses and said she would get a towel to clean up. 5 min pass and she still hasn't been back to clean it up so I end up using my napkin to clean it up. Over all I'm just disappointed with my experience here, I won't come back. Why go to Public House when Yardhouse has the same amount of beers, better food, and costs less?
3	As a "gastropub" Public House has the mandatory dark wood decor and decadent dishes like poutine and fois gras.  Being Vegas, all restaurants have a hook or gimmick, and Public House is no different with its expansive wine list  stored in its fancy schamcy ipad for guests to play around with it - half the fun was picking the wine.  Public House also excels at some light fare as well.  Went with a group of girls, and half of the table ended up getting the scallops entree - the scallops were super sweet and tasted very fresh.  The salads were great, pomegranate seeds added a nice burst of acidity.
2	I prearranged a dinner event for 10 with a quasi pre fixe menu and beer or whiskey pairing. When we arrived the table was setup in a semi private room which was nice but the general manager Mark and the Cicerone/manager Russell were not present. I expected at least one of them would have been there to say hello or greet us. No big deal though and we went and sat down. Our waiter then brings menus by and starts going over a few things and I told him that we had a prearranged menu with beer/whiskey pairing and he had absolutely no idea about it whatsoever. Great.....Luckily I had my email chain with the beer and whiskey pairings and we got it somewhat sorted out other than the fact that 2 of the beers we had put on the list they were out of. Ugh. The hits just kept coming. Our server did a good job handling the debacle that was no fault of his own but he did seem at times to be either annoyed by us or just wanted to get our table handled quickly since he knew he would get 18% guaranteed since our party was large.On to the food:Poutine- Solid dish and we added the fried egg on top. Octopus - Another good appetizer but it didn't wow me. I would go with the poutine over this all day but the contrast between the two was nice.Beet Salad - My favorite dish on the list. Great flavor and fresh beets. Pork Chop - This was recommended to me and it was sadly overcooked which is the last thing you ever want with pork. The dish had promise but was prepared incorrectly.Fries - Standard shoestring fries, good but nothing special.Beer and Whiskey:The beer selection was sadly disappointing. I have been to many other places that don't even focus on craft beers that have a larger selection. We had the Big Trout Slayer and the Grimbergem Blonde with the appetizers.I went with the whiskey pairing with the main dish and I really enjoyed it. I am glad I decided to go that route versus the smaller beer selection, many of which were easy to find and get at home.Overall, the food was a 3.5 or 4 but the lack of organization for a planned group over a month in advance and a limited beer selection for a place that prides itself on that was sadly disappointing. The service overall was okay but again there were times when I thought he was "inconvenienced" by us. I want to say I would give it another shot but I don't know.
2	The beer selection was nice, and the iPad app was a cool way of bookmarking and ordering drinks. However, both the food and the service was a letdown. We ordered the seafood appetizer platter (~$60) to share with some nice oysters, lobsters, shrimps etc but nothing really special. Also got the poutine fries (very good) and a pork chop entree. The pork chop was very dry, almost like they either didn't rest it or didn't put any sauce on it. we sent it back. you should probably stay away from that.I typically don't complain about service, but this was a worth noting. Our server looks like a 21 year old with no experience. He had 4 tables to wait, one of which was empty yet somehow he was never around. He forgot our drinks menu until 10 minutes in (at a gastropub...seriously?), also forgot to get us extra utensils and condiments when asked repeatedly. At this point my party was getting pretty pissed off. Thinking he was a kid, I wasn't going to stiff him on tips but was socked to see there was an 18% gratuity added for our party of 4. guess he must have anticipated our irritation and preemptively struck. that was gutsy. I'll give the restaurant the benefit of the doubt and give 2 stars, but the experience itself was probably more like a 1 star.
4	Las Vegas does the gastropub thing in the most Las Vegasy way possible. This place has a terrific selection of beers on tap and even more terrific selection of beers in bottles... and you can scrawl through their entire suds menu on an iPad. which is very cool.My friends and I booked it directly for Public House after arriving in Sin City following a harrowing drive (even though we left LA at 2:30, we still battled some of the worst holiday traffic I've ever battled). We got a round of Ballast Point's reliably delicious Sculpin from the taps, then ordered a few bottles. We tried the overpriced but tasty Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA (it was $26 for a not that big bottle) and Green Flash's Le Freak (a mutant combination of a Belgian Trippel and an American IPA), both delicious. I wasn't hungry because I'd eaten on the road, but my friend ordered their Burger and Fries and I tried a few bites... good stuff.The decor was fun, basically a hip and winky American vibe with Vinyl Lincoln, Franklin, and GW Bush dolls lining the walls and a huge glass encased beer room. Our waitress was nice, but proportioned in those ridiculous Las Vegas waitress ways. So basically this place combined a hipster beer-hall you'd find in Brooklyn or Silver Lake and infused it with some singularly Vegas flourishes, which made it both silly and awesome. Definitely a great place to check out if you like good beer when you're in Las Vegas.
3	Go for the poutine or herb fries! Yum. Btw - they have fois gras here. Oh yes, very nice and friendly severs. :)
2	Food was decent, but the service was simply awful.  Our waiter literally left us feeling like we were intruding on his evening.  Seriously?!For the service alone, I would not go back.
4	Earlier today the gf attended a bridal shower at Wynn.  Being  whupped , i gave in to her plea that i provide taxi services.  Then again, when i was told the party will last two hours so let's see, what's a guy to do??  Well being the gambling sicko i meandered over to Palazzo to throw the bones.  lo and behold, i break my losing streak so i take some of my winnings and walk over to Public House.  I'm a fan of the sister restaurants of PB so i have high expectations.Sat at the bar and started with a draft Sierra Nevada IPA.  Nice startOrdered grilled Octopus ($16??)and the pub burger($19??)I was kinda surprised by the menu - a little more upscale than i expected.The Octopus came out quickly.  At the base was a mix of chopped grilled veggies and what i thought was barley but after tasting, it was some sort of pasta.  The octopus was perfectly grilled and tender.  My only ding - more octopus please !Prior to getting the burger, beer #2 - dang if i know what it was but it had a citrus-y taste with a slight pine taste - refreshing.  The cool bartender gave me a taster of another beer with a bolder flavor he felt would work better with the burger.The burger ?  Perfectly cooked but needed a little more salt. Loved the bacon marmalade.  The roast tomato did not work for me - felt like i was eating a large, stewed tomato - after one bite i removed it ...betta !  And the bartenders beer pick was perfect ( yet again, Mr. Genius did not get the name !)I like this place - service was great; quality food annnnd a 20% locals discount !!!pics attachedI'll be back
3	Amazing oysters and burger, decent drinks but the worst service imaginable.
2	Went with a party of 4.A lot beer.  No issues there.The food was weak.  No one at the table was thrilled about their meal.Service was fair at best.Save your $ and go to one of the other thousands of restaurants in Vegas.
3	As a pub, it's fine, although it's an over-the-top Vegas version of a pub, and the price for a pint isn't exactly what you'd call reasonable.As a restaurant, I don't think I'd go again. The food is perfectly good, and my appetizer (slices of pork belly over a kind of eggy bread with a maple glaze, topped with a poached egg) was delicious. But in contrast to the friendly barmen, the table service is passive aggressive, and my main meal (fish and chips) was nothing special. For the price, I'd expect better service, finer food and a better atmosphere.Still, if you're on the Strip and hunting for a decent beer, it's worth a trip.
2	Went yesterday. I was in the mood for a place with a good food and beer selection and this place fit the bill in theory.Yes, they have a very nice beer selection, but the issue is their food. While nothing was bad per se. Nothing was real good either. I had the scallops and they were just ok, my wife had the filet mignon and again decent but nothing that would make you want to come back.As another poster said, and I think this is the perfect description, it's an overpriced Yardhouse.
5	Oh Public House, how glad I am that I made the immense haul over to the Venetian from Aria for lunch on our last full day in town.  How glad the husband is that I research things way ahead of time and knew that this was one of the few places where you could have bone marrow for lunch.We hiked it on over here and immediately ordered the mixed flight and light flight of beers.  I traded the husband for the cider on his light flight and we ordered.  OMG, this is amazing food and service!!I got the lobster roll which was the best I have had outside of Boston - maybe even better than some places there.  Not overdone with onion, huge chunks of meat, and the buttered brioche roll held-up perfectly.  Husband had the bone marrow and a meat plate he created with the best proscuiutto and cheddar (welsh) that I have had in a long time (I did sneak a bite of each).  We then ordered the chocolate stoute cake with BACON krispies and this was equally incredible.Our server was super friendly, helpful and made the meal one of our top of the entire trip.  I only wish they sold t-shirts because I would have bought some to remember this great meal!
2	We went to the restaurant on a weekday and it was pretty busy.  There was a half hour wait which isn't a big deal since it is Vegas.  Plenty was places to go while waiting.  I would say the food was pretty good.  I ordered the short ribs which was very tender.   We also got the oysters which are also good.  The only turn off was that I felt that the service was not that great compared to other restaurants.  I felt that the host was very rude, did not have a smile and always had an angry look on their face.   The servers were ok but nothing special.  I probably will not be back as part of the experience of Vegas is their service.
5	We wondered in here for lunch based on the concierge's recommendation. The meal was a late lunch, so the objective was excellent service, light fare and fast.I ordered the Kale salad with chicken and we share the Ahi Tartare. This is a very creative presentation with poke style, very fresh ahi, kumquats, jalapeno, beer-soy glaze, wasabi tobiko on greens with radish. OMG, this is excellent!!!The Kale salad is also wonderful with golden raisins, warm chicken breast (extra), garbanzo beans, pine nuts and a light dressing.Our service was excellent, the food came quickly and the ambiance is quiet and nice.Excellent spot! I'd return!
5	Visited twice in two days.  While my buddy drank I enjoyed the following:Fallen Grape - Simi Cab, Fonseca Port, Averna, St. Germain, Served Warm with a Cinnamon StickPotted Farm Egg with Roasted Mushrooms, Ricotta Fondue, Crispy Serrano Ham, Grilled BreadFoie Gras with Chestnut Stuffing, Spiced Cranberry Compote, Herb SaladCoffeeBread Pudding with Apple Confit, Hoegaarden Ice Cream, Buttered PecansCharcuterie - Pork Rillets and House Pate...on Saturday we wanted a place to watch the college games and on Sunday the pro games; sure we could have entered one of the sports books and my buddy could have enjoyed a Miller Light or perhaps even a Molson, but why (aside from saving money) would anyone want to consider that when there is the lavish urban swagger and extensive beer list of Public House at The Venetian?  Coupling the cask ales and copious imports with a kitchen that can actually execute some fairly complex upscale pub-grub plus servers that live up to Las Vegas standards (both in looks and in attention to detail in order to justify on-strip prices and a good tip) and a willingness to turn on any game...even the lowly Tampa Bay Buccaneers and I'd say Public House is definitely a spot worth hanging out, even two days in a row.Starting in the lounge on Saturday where a scantily clad young woman named Krystian served up a number of imported lagers and decent knowledge of the province of each to my friend while providing me with the shockingly delicious recommendation of a warm wine-based cocktail to go with an ample slice of creamy duck liver served like Christmas dinner plus a creamy egg fondue that could have doubled as breakfast it really did not take much of an effort for my friend to get me to accompany him back to the pub on day two where we sat for nearly three hours as he ran through what seemed like an unthinkable amount of beers at the recommendation of a young bartender named Toshihir as I enjoyed house made pate and rillets followed by decent coffee, refilled copiously at no extra charge, and a truly inspired bread pudding as light as angel-food cake and paired with creamy apples, crunchy candied pecans, and ice cream that although hoppy on the finish opened up spicy and sweet....dare I say that if all bars were this good I'd probably find myself going out for 'drinks' (ie, food at a drinking establishment) more often.
3	Good food, weird service, and spendy prices make for a 3 star experience. First of all, if your restaurant is completely empty and I walk up the host station saying, "Two for lunch please," an appropriate response is not "Do you have a reservation?" Even less appropriate is to ask for my first name, last name and cell phone number. I ain't falling for your text message marketing scheme, Public House. Also pretty sure that I won't "forget anything at the table" like you suggest that's what giving you my number is for. Sheesh.Now that we have that out of the way, let's get to the food. I had to go to work immediately after, and the server did not disappoint when I told him I had to be out of there in an hour. He got us our food and my friend's beers and even time to glance at a dessert menu in that time. Well done, sir. My friend ordered a beer flight--I rode with a lemonade because I hear that workplaces nowadays don't like when you show up just having drunk at the pub. So I hear. Anyway, we both ordered the pub burger and shared the welsh rarebit and the crisp pork belly. Burger--outstanding. I'm not sure worth the $19 pricetag, but definitely delicious. I would order this again if I were inclined to revisit. Welsh rarebit--delicious and reasonable at I believe $7. I would also order this again. The allegedly crisp pork belly was not that great--it wasn't crisp at all, and not really a good sharing appetizer. I love pork belly but this didn't have the best punch-you-in-the-mouth melty bacon flavor. Pass.All in all a decent meal, but if you get an appetizer, a side, two burgers, a beer flight and a beer, it will run you over $100. Steep pricing, but I suppose that's what you get with a schmancy hotel like Venetian/Palazzo.
3	You'll find Public House tucked away on the first floor of The Grand Canal Shoppes of the Venetian. Despite the hustle and bustle of the Venetian and the general popularity of The Grand Canal Shoppes the area surrounding Public House is very calm. Something tells me that's the way the owners like it.When you walk into the restaurant you'll find a bar and tvs to your left. While straight ahead you'll be greeted by one of the many (there were three when we showed up) hostesses on staff. When you walk in you might be so taken with the beauty of the hostesses that you won't take the time to look at your surroundings. Public House is adorned in dark wood, calming atmosphere. It reminds me of old school steakhouses. Everything about the place just seemed subdued, making it an ideal atmosphere to take your lady for an intimate dinner before the rowdiness that are Vegas clubs. Once you get seated you get to take a look at the menus. Public House is noted for it's beer and wine selection. While they do have a wine list, they will bring the staff sommelier by to answer any questions you might have about the wine selection. If beer is what you have a taste for they do have a pretty decent selection for you to peruse. The biggest downside to the beer menu is that it is on an iPad. This is fine if your party is 2 people, not so fun when you have 8. The menu is typical of an American upscale restaurant. Yes, it's expensive. You're at the Venetian, on the strip, in Vegas. You're going to make it rain for dinner whether you want to or not. My party ran the gauntlet of what Public House had to offer. The chicken wing were tossed in a spicy but tasty chill glaze. The bone marrow was large with a taste to back it up. I had never had poutine fries before but they made me a believer. At this point you're probably wondering why I'm giving Public House 3 stars (ordering beer off an iPad can't be that bad right?). Sadly, not all the entrees lived up to the rest of the experience. I personally had the fried chicken. The  waiter said it was the best in Vegas. As a matter of fact every employee who came by said it was the best they had ever had.  When the waiter came and dropped of my plate he whispered "You're going to love this." Not so much... For me the skin wasn't all that crispy and lacked flavor. For my buddy sitting across the table from me, it was just too dry. Many in our party had the burger. I think one finished it. All complained that it was overly greasy. I know I know it's a burger, but you expect more out of a place this upscale. The steaks and shellfish platters were well done. My friends gave them rave reviews and left the rest of us jealous. The service was ok. Nothing to complain about, but nothing memorable. Overall, I think this is a nice place to eat. If you're in a small party and  stick to the entrees in the center of the menu you will have a fantastic time and eat some amazing food. Otherwise, you're in for an average dinner experience.
4	Came here for an early lunch and split a burger with my boyfriend.  Even though we looked like a pretty lousy tip (who splits a burger, really) the service was stellar and the burger was delicious, its definitely one of the best I've had.  The Restaurant's vibe was very cool and laid back, but it looked like it could turn into a lot of fun once you got people into the bar. I plan on going back!
1	Wow! Very disappointed @PublicHouseLV.  Not cool to cancel my reservations 6 hours before dinner!  I made reservations here a few weeks ago for tonight and they told me now that they're having a private party.I am stunned that they would wait this long to contact me.  I'm in town during one of the busiest conventions of the year and now it's too late to make another reservation at a nice place to take my customers.As one who travels all over the US in search of great craft beer destinations, I am sad to be scratching this one off my list and pretty upset about being treated this way.  The hostess didn't even apologize or offer any next best thing.
5	I am always skeptical of Gastropubs on the strip, I usually expect high prices and subpar food.  But Public House does not dissapoint, it was truly a great experience.Excellent service... our server brought us at least 5 tastings of beers to see which ones we wanted to drink with our meals.  Most memorable items.... the short rib with the pea-mashed potatoes.  I'm a huge short rib fan and this is a generous and tender portion.  I personally had never had these green mashed potatoes either, delicious.Number two is the pork chop.  I could have done away with the grapes it was served with, however this is a nice cut, I would expect a piece of pork like this in a steakhouse.Number 3 is the poutine!  You've heard other people talking about this, and it is delicious.  That gravy, my goodness!!Expect to get full without breaking your wallet too badly.  Very unique Strip experience.
4	Flex your local creds and they'll hook you up with a 20% discount.  When the right bartender is working, this the best bar on the strip.  They have a wall of draft beer selections, and they offer all of the fancy schmancy mixology drinks.  We've been on 4 different occasions, and on 2 of them we couldn't get any service at all.  but it wasn't until the 2nd visit we were hooked.  Enter Russell, superstar bartender who is offers up stellar recommendations and takes excellent care of his customers.  On our 3rd visit we gave up after 20 minutes of trying to flag a bartender for service while sitting at the bar.  On the 4th try we met bartenders, Lila & cool Hawaiian/Japanese guy (sorry I forgot your name).  Lila inquired why bf wasn't drinking, and when she discovered he wasn't feeling well, she made him a drink with bitters to help ease his tummy.  So thoughtful!If any of the 3 above bartenders are working, I can personally vouch for their awesomeness.  However, I've been on days where it was a totally different crew who were oblivious.  To clarity my review, 5 stars go to Russell, Lila, and Hawaiian/Japanese guy bartender, and my other 2 visits are a 0 star.
1	Ate here for lunch yesterday. Despite the fact that there was only one additional party seated in our area, the server failed to get our drinks in a timely manner and remained inattentive. Didn't feel like I received a great value for the price. The shrimp cocktail was $18 and consisted of three large shrimp! Three? Really? Not impressed.
3	Cool beer selection. As expected for a restaurant within a hotel casino, a bit overpriced. Almost all of the apps and entrees that our 8-top ordered would not make the average person "full" or satisfied except for the NY steak my friend ordered (got to taste it, it was great!). Food was good but not amazing (I ordered the salmon, which was alright, but again, quite a small portion). Service was slow at times although courteous and helpful.The environment suggested a young, upscale dining experience. It was a nice experience overall but would probably skip this place on my next visit.
4	If you come here.. pass on the entrees and get 4-5 apps to share instead. Octopus, bone marrow, saute foie gras all very memorable. After 2-3 Chimay Triples, I'm good!
5	Best. Meal. Ever. My husband and I were staying at The Venetian for our honeymoon, and decided to eat at Public House on a whim after seeing a show. Everyone, from the entire wait staff to the management team, were absolutely wonderful and made us feel like VIPs. From start to finish, this was the best dining experience we've had in Vegas. We loved the inventive takes on classic cocktails, and the true gastropub cuisine: hands down the best short rib I've ever had. Contrary to other reviews we've read we felt the portion sizes were ideal, allowing you to enjoy an appetizer, entree + side, and dessert that filled to perfection. Thank you again to Tom, Hector, and everyone at Public House! We can't wait to come back for our anniversary :)
3	Live in the area. Brought friends and family here four times. Great location. Great service! However, the food is bland. Ordinary. This last time undercooked. The first time we enjoyed ourselves, each subsequent time less so. Now moving on, won't be back. Too bad. Great idea and perfect for a stop after walking, walking, walking.
5	I was surprised how amazing this restaurant was!   Great atmosphere, a little quirky but who doesn't love something odd to look at while waiting for an awesome meal.  They have a wine shelter in case of an emergency that looks awesome from the dinning room.  We visited for lunch on a not so busy Tuesday afternoon.Enjoyed the bone marrow, a must have!  They sent out our order and decided one of the bones didn't have enough marrow so they sent out an extra bone, very impressive guest service!  The Bahn mi was one of the most amazing sandwiches I have ever had!  It was overflowing with Vietnamese deliciousness that you wouldn't expect from a fine dinning restaurant on the strip.  They have an extensive wine and beer menu and offer tasting flights as well.  Their alcohol menu is on an Ipad, pretty cool if you as me!
4	Stopped in for lunch, banh mi was good.
4	We came in and sat in the bar area for drinks and desserts. There was 4 of us, we all got something different and it was all good. Our waitress might have been drunk, but she was still attentive and really nice.
3	*We went on a friday night, no wait*The waiter had a strong knowledge of the beer list... not so much the food menu :/The food was mediocre at best. We shared a Poutine, I had a Pork Chop, My husband had the short ribs.... truly nothing special.  The poutine was really good at first, but after about 3 bites the greasy game taste set in :(  The Entrees weren't memorable, except that I really wish they had used something with more taste for a chutney than grapes- cranberries, cherries or raspberries would have been MUCH more desirable.
4	Stopped here before hitting The Chandelier later that night.  They did have a pretty good beer selection, maybe the best I saw in Vegas, another bartender told us about this place so we decided to give it a go.  The service was top notch, very informative, friendly and courteous and they tend to hire very attractive young ladies wearing skirts to serve if that does or doesn't do it for you.  I think me and my lady had an appetizer (chicken wings for $14.00) maybe two beers each and our check was 52 bucks, a bit steep, but the atmosphere was nice.  We had some friends join us and they ordered a burger and some fries and those looked spectacular indeed.  Think they had the duck fat fries?
5	This is my second time here, and I love it! I like the atmosphere especially the pipes that run across the ceiling and the attentive waitstaff. First time I came, I went for dinner but this time I went for lunch. Order the same thing both times because I've been craving them since my first trip. I got the roast bone marrow, I think like others have said is a must have, it is so delicious. It is so soft, delicate but packed with flavor and I loved adding the grilled onions to it. The other thing I got was the steak tartare, it was really good I like the plating of it and mixing all the elements on the plate really brings out great flavors, I would say the only slight negative (sounds like a first world problem) is that there is a bit more steak tartare than there is the other things on the plate so after awhile you'll end up eating only it. Not that it tastes bad alone just you miss the crunch of the bread.Overall, I say that I would love to visit this place again and eat another bone marrow and steak tartare but really want to try other things on their menu as well!
5	Wow, I was really impressed with the Public House. Our waiter Ryan knew the menu front to back and was very knowledgeable about beer selections. He chose a 4 beer sampler for me and they were all great. There was an appetizer that I never heard of called Devil on horseback or something, but Ryan recommended it and it was delicious. Got the scallops and they were big and perfectly seared in a great sauce.  Was loving the ipad menu for drinks, made it really easy. Overall, great restaurant with decent prices especially on the strip. 100% will come back next time.
4	Rating is solely on the beer selection! One word - WOW!Plenty on draft and then pages to choose from in bottles. Good service.
4	After passing by Public House several times during day1 of our stay in the Venetian, we gave it a whirl one evening for a late dinner.  My brother had the burger which he really enjoyed (even though he basically stripped of all it's uniqueness - removing the bacon marmalade, frisee lettuce, roasted tomato and Guinness aioli and replacing it with pickles, iceberg and yellow mustard! I ordered the duck confit poutine and the roasted bone marrow - clearly I got all the foodie DNA in the family!I was very excited about the poutine, only to be very disappointed to find it so salty that it couldn't be eaten. I tried my brother's fries and they were delicious and not overly salted; I think the gravy that topped the poutine was the culprit.  The server graciously removed it from the table and the bill.The bone marrow, on the other hand, was just pure heaven.  My life is now broken up into 2 sections: Before Roasted Bone Marrow and After Roasted Bone Marrow.  Holy cow. (Bahahahaha!)  It's basically meat butter.  Creamy, gooey, marrow, crunchy bread and salty bacon marmalade are a match made in heaven.  Our service was great, we loved the ambiance and overall, I would definitely dine here again and again. I would even try to order the poutine again, this time with a little less salt!
5	I love places that highlight good beer and good food! This place stands out. The menu is simple, honest, and executed perfectly! We were both extremely pleased with our meals. The drinks are hand crafted, they have a great beer and wine list. It has something for everyone. Including that shit head grumpy friend of yours who hates everything! tell him to stop being baby
4	My admiration for Public House started as my colleagues and I enjoyed our first round of drinks and an incredible meal here upon arriving to Las Vegas. Among many other things, the menu was refreshingly unique compared to the other options that skirt the strip and casinos, but then, the food was delivered by a personable server with some noteworthy and rare selections of wine & beer...the meal was SO good and the drinks made a perfect pair,But wait...there's more. The next night we decided to take our clients here for drinks after our dinner meeting - we had about 40 in our party and the service, let alone the drinks and atmosphere were onpoint. The manager's and servers ensured everyone was taken care of and our client feedback was truly spectacular - sure, they were in good company but that was just icing on the cake in comparison to the incredible drinks, service, and atmosphere Public House provided.We will be back!
4	My meal suffered only because I had so many other ridiculously rich meals leading up to it. A group of eleven of us showed up -- randomly, in the middle of a weekday, but even so, it's nice when you can get a group of that size seated by someone who's super-nice about making it happen and making you feel welcome rather than being distraught that you have no reservation.The iPad drink menu felt a little over the top, but it was shiny and fun to play with. Duck poutine was a little too fancy to seem authentic, but it was tasty. Portion was a bit on the small side for the price, but it might've been that we were starving and just ate it really fast. I had the giant burger and more fries (yay more fries -- tasty, handcut fries). The tomatoes felt like a little too much on balance with the other toppings, but it was juicy, good bun, and I swapped in lettuce for the advertised frisee, which I much preferred. Yeah, everything was a little more expensive than I'd want to pay, but that's Vegas. I'd still go again.
4	I didn't get to try too much of anything from this restaurant but at the same time I didn't have to pay. I had the pork belly with egg and it was delicious. It was easily a five star dish. I wanted to try the bone marrow as well but I couldn't find time to come back during my trip. The restaurant can get a little noisy and uncomfortable but for the most part it had a decently nice atmosphere.Like most other Vegas restaurants the prices for the food provided is a little over the top, but in this case the ratio of quality vs price wasn't too bad.I would go back.
3	Chill spot at the Venetian Casino, away from the murderous ringing of slot machines. It has a surprisingly authentic feel, not too disney or airport-y. The bartenders were nice and had a cursory knowledge of their beer. OK number of taps, with some good seasonal rotation. The selection in bottles is very good as well if you're willing to pay. The value isn't good. I know Vegas is expensive but I'm not into paying $12 for 10oz of draft beer. There's no beer less than $7 on the menu.
2	Nothing more than a standard restaurant with a few good beers.  I really wouldn't consider this place a gastro-pub as you might know or expect.   Yes, there are 1 or 2 interesting menu items such as the bone marrow - but one or two interesting selections makes you a gastro-pub wanna-be.  I guess I just had sub-par service and really should give it another try.  But, with so many good places to choose from in Vegas, it will be hard for me to give it a second chance.
4	This is a really pleasant surprise hiding out in sea of celebrity chefs and overdone casino restaurants.  My only complaint is the price of alcohol.  There's no reason for $8-12 drafts, which really surprised me, because the food prices are reasonable for the location.My wonderful server was spot-on and attentive.  She made excellent suggestions with the poutine and the bone marrow.  The poutine is very well priced, loaded with tasty duck confit, and I would recommend it with the egg.  I've surprisingly never had bone marrow before, and I quite enjoyed it with toast points and carmelized onions.  The atmosphere is lively, but not over-the-top, and my water never hit the bottom of the glass.  Great place to stop in the Palazzo if you're not in the mood for odd celebrity pictures all over the walls of your restaurant (that means you Mario, Wolfgang and Emeril)!
5	Great food and a great atmosphere! Really good wine and great beer on draft, the food was AWESOME. The service was really great as well, would definitely hit this spot while in Vegas.
4	I liked this place a lot and visited quite a few times during my recent stay. The bartenders were friendly and knew quite a bit about the variety of beers they had on tap. Happy to let you sample anything you'd like. The waitresses were attentive and friendly as well. The menu has just about everything you need, from somewhat daring to basic. All cooked very well.  This pub is situated in a nice spot between the two bustling hotels and offers a nice, quiet respite from the crowded scenes. It can get busy in the evenings, so hit it during the lunchtime hours to relaz and unwind.
5	Wow, where do I begin? My husband fancies himself a beer aficionado, so he was in heaven as soon as we walked in and were seated with the beer menu/ipad. I had scoped out the menu ahead of time, so I already knew what I wanted to order for lunch - the poutine and the bone marrow. Both were out of this world. I had never had bone marrow before, just seen it on a lot of travel/cooking shows. Wow, now I know what the fuss is about. Super excited to try poutine too, and it was also delicious. My husband ordered a steak and said it was delicious and cooked right to order. It was a pricey lunch, but I am so happy we went here!
5	My mom and step-dad took me and my boyfriend here the night before my 21st birthday. When we walked in the service was fast and prompt. We ordered the seafood platter for an appetizer and it was fabulous!! The oysters were fresh and yummy. The lobster and shrimp were divine. The Ahi Poke was good, but could have been better. My step-dad got the alaskan halibut and he loved it.. My mom had the filet mignon and it was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. She, also, ordered a side of sauteed mushrooms yhat were delicious. My boyfriend had the pub burger and it was good too. I ordered the New York strip steak and I was not disappointed. It was cooked perfectly as well. I ordered the lobster mac n cheese as well and it was to die for. Would love to come back and try the bone marrow.
5	This was almost an accidental find. My girlfriend and I had meal coupons from staying at the Palazzo and were wandering around looking at the different restaurant menus. Of course when we saw foie gras, steak tartare and marrow as some of their appetizers we had to go in and try it!!!! The wait for a table without reservations was about twenty minutes, but there were seats at the bar so we opted to eat there.We of course ordered, foie gras, steak tartare, marrow, poutine and their pork belly.  Everything was so awesome!!!  We didn't get to try any of the entrees, because we were full after the amazing appetizers.  The bartender was very informative and in awe that we ordered all that food.  I think he was more surprised that we finished everything except the last bit of the poutine (the gravy got a little salty towards the end).
3	The food was great (order the poutine) albeit on the salty side. The best drink, if you're into spice, was their Cirada Picante bloody mary. It includes a house-made bacon-infused vodka with siracha, shrimp and green olive. Yum! The service was utterly poor. Our server, Matt, was enjoying beer-tasting rounds while our menus stayed with us, our water glasses remained empty and our dirty plates crowded the table. He simply did not give a damn. If I'm going to spend a night out to dine on good food, you better believe I expect good service - 3 stars.
3	Awesome service here... seriously, my friend and I spent most of the afternoon in the spa, and our men hung out at Public House and ordered lots of beer and food waiting for us to arrive.  We joined them about 2 hours later, and the four of us lingered for a while.  The whole time, the servers were attentive - my water glass was always full, they served the food right away, they checked on us a lot. Unfortunately, for me, my Bahn Mi $15 was tasty, but a too greasy.  Sure, it's pork belly sandwich, with jalepeno peppers, and other goodies, but after a few bites, I didn't love it.  I didn't hate it, but it didn't wow me.  The fries were tastier than the sandwich. Hubby's Baby Iceberg $13 and side of Chicken for $6 looked mediocre.  I didn't even bother asking for a bite. Friend's Lobster Roll $26.50 looked AMAZING.  She didn't offer anyone a bite, so I think THAT's what I should order next time!  She said it was just what she was looking for. Friend's hubby's Pub Burger $19 looked huge and juicy.  Side of fries. The big draw here is the Beer... for beer fiends, you'll be very happy. They do a lot of cool beer cocktails:  Beerlini, and such.  I wish I could give it 4 stars, but for me it's all about the food and I wasn't mooning over my lunch.  But I'd come back again for that lobster roll!  That may earn another star in future.
2	This is a review on the poutine:  Seriously disappointing. This mess of a dish was served with a clump of cheese curds that was mashed together (think golf ball sized cheese curd) vs. being spread throughout the dish.  The "gravy" was some kind of sweet jus - not the usually thicker gravy you usually get w/poutine.  Do not order this dish if you are expecting traditional poutine.
3	Admittedly, out of all the restaurants we planned on visiting during our Las Vegas trip, the one that I was the most excited about was Public House. Public House is a gastropub, serving up refined casual fares and a huge beer selection. It's located in The Venetian on Las Vegas Strip.Although we had reservations to almost all of the restaurants we dined at, Public House was probably the only restaurant that we actually needed that reservation to get seated, it was bustling with people. Again, the restaurant was beautifully decorated inside and out. Of course it had to be a looker, it was steps away from the Venetian's Grand Canal.We had the Smothered Prawns, Grilled Octopus, Forest Mushroom, Yukon Potato Puree with Black Truffle Oil and Short Ribs. The Smothered Prawns did not have a great deal of flavour, this is what happens when you cook seafood with beer instead of wine... I should have known better! I learned long time ago to always get mussels steamed in a wine broth, not mussels steamed in a beer broth. The Grilled Octopus had a strange texture, it was not springy or chewy, it was... mushy. Yep, the first time I had mushy grilled octopus and we didn't finish this dish. The stars of the meal were the Forest Mushrooms (sauteed mushrooms, what's not to love) and the Yukon Potato Puree (perfectly creamy). The Short Rib all went to the red-meat-eater that I dined with. He enjoyed it, so he says. Please check out my blog, where I documented my entire Las Vegas trip. I have photos! ;)http://simplygluttonous.blogspot.ca/2013/08/public-house-venetian-las-vegas.html
5	One of the best services and meals I've had. I usually don't go for pubs and steaks but after a long conference kicking back with co-workers to beer here was an excellent idea. We were pressed for time but the waitress was super friendly and nice, providing us some food beer recommendations and asking us every little detail of what we wanted to make sure our order was just right. Her recommendation of the surf and turf special and ensuing delivery of the meal deserves a mention as well. The IPA on tap was also really good!Despite this restaurant being spendy compared to my normal restaurant dining experiences I would gladly come back to try the rest of their menu next time in in town.
4	I got the lobster roll which I had been craving for sometime... it had the dreaded MP next to it on the menu so I had no idea how much it would end up costing (found out later it was $32). It was filled with fresh, buttery lobster and I didn't feel jipped on it at all. I liked that they didn't overdo it on the mayo because that can quickly make you feel like the lobster is a supporting character in the dish. The french fries were cooked nicely here.I jumped ahead to the entree when I forgot to mention the pork belly appetizer. It sat atop a piece of bread (the name of that small piece of toast escapes me at the moment) and you're supposed to break the poached egg on top. It was good but nothing I would have to get again. For dessert, our waiter convinced us to get their fudge cake that had bacon and these rice krispie balls (I'm losing my descriptive touch) on top. This was a decision we did not regret.I forgot the name of the beer we had but it was good- ended up getting a growler which has enough beer to fill 5 glasses... our waiter didn't tell us about the growler until we finished our first beers- he was so sneaky :P
5	Stopped in after landing for a late lunch. The place was practically empty so we set at the bar. Best decision ever. We had so much fun chatting with the bartenders and sampling all the beers. The food was delish and the beer selection fun and interesting. Nice to try something different.  Plus, it was a cheap buzz! :)Will go again...actually we did the same trip!
4	It's a hipster restaurant in a Casino, how fun.The food was all very good.  The foie gras was amazing.  The short rib was my favorite entree I tried.  I didn't like the spinach with bacon.  It was actually too bacony.The beer list is like a novelty.  It's fun to have an iPad's worth of selections, but I would actually prefer a smaller more interesting selection.
5	I went to Public House for lunch after a long flight and was starving. The menu seemed "interestingly different" from your usual pub grub so I was sold. The really nice hostess seated me and then handed me an iPad for a wine menu (stupid not hip as it took longer to figure it out than it would to just look at a printed list). As I was trying to figure out the iPad my waiter Mario arrived and saw I was looking for wine and having trouble so he just took over. I told him what I like in a white wine and he brought me a delicious glass of Paul Hobbs chardonnay and it was magnificent. It was all uphill from there.  Once he returned with my wine and iced tea I asked him to suggest a few different items and told him I was in the mood for fish. He brought me ale brined wings to start and then the halibut fish n chips  Both were amazing. The wings were not your typical Hooters style buffalo, they were deep, smokey and tangy. The fish n chips was the BEST I'VE EVER HAD!  While the food & drink was delicious, Mario was the real highlight of my visit to Public House.  He was knowledgeable about what he was serving (as all servers should be) but it was his warm friendly personality that made my visit special. He actually engaged me in conversation and told me several really funny jokes. A couple of times his friend Shana joined in and they both had me in stitches. If you dine alone as often as I do you know just how welcome a pleasant, funny server can be. Btw Mario is pretty easy on the eyes too.Mario made such a positive impression that later in the weekend I took some friends to Public House for dinner but when we found out Mario wasn't working that evening we chose Table 10 instead. Shame too because I was looking forward to trying something new.  To sum it up, Public House is a must dine on your next trip to Vegas if you can get past the fact that it's in a building that Sheldon Adelson owns. And when you visit I highly recommend you ask for a table with Mario or Shana.
3	Great place to stop for a beer in Vegas. They have about 20 beers on tap and 200 beers in bottles. Their list is so extensive, they use an iPad for their menu. They have preset flights of beer organized by types of beer like hoppy, dark, variety, etc. I decided to go with the hops flight and I was not disappointed. We didn't get to try any of their food because we were saving ourselves for a buffet but I would definitely come back to grab another beer. Of all the places I went to in Vegas they definitely had the best beer selection. I'm not sure what their hours are but it took us three attempts to finally try this place (our fault for not checking the hours), so my best advice would be to go early.
1	Not impressed.Came with a large party for a birthday dinner. Our waiter was nice but a bit pretentious. Had the wings and foie gras for appetizer which were both pretty good if a little overpriced. Then ordered the lobster Mac n cheese special for dinner. I generally love lobster Mac n cheese this one was absolutely disgusting because the lobster was smelly and OLD! How the chef could have even let that leave the kitchen is unbelievable to me. I took one bite felt sick and sent it back. Completely turned me off from this place. There are much better restaurant options in Vegas to choose from skip this place.
5	Excellent food and service.  Pricey, but well worth it.  I would recommend the bone marrow and sampler platter for appetizers.
3	We settled on the Public House because we were exhausted after some meetings. The decor is really cool - dark wood, fun signs at the restrooms, large-screen TVs at the bar.But it felt that the restaurant couldn't quite decide whether they were a nice gourmet restaurant or a pub.The appetizers were surprisingly small portions.  We got the wings and the shrimp.  I got the hamburger, which was VERY flavorful - but the buns were too big and toasted, which I felt take away from the flavor of the meat and toppings.  good, not great.
5	Absolutely amazing food! Maybe the best Shrimp Cocktail on the planet. Scallops were excellent - great dish.  We wish we could have tried more - will need to return.  Great classy atmosphere with a fun twist. Super service too.
5	Great place! The wife and I went for dinner and just ended up getting a few appetizers that were all fantastic! Duck Fries to die for with a gravy thats you have to basically wipe clean with anything bread related on your table. The Crisp Pork Belly was a very good app, little on the small side but by all means delicious. The shrimp app was 6 pieces of shrimp in a sauce that I cannot recall the ingredients (or name since its not on the current menu) but again made for a bread clearing bowl! They even threw in a comp app since the kitchen was taking a while to put out food (which we didnt notice anyways being beer was our good friend that night) which consisted of some aged cheese and salumi/proscuitto I believe with a side of mustard sauce created with Moose Drool beer - again very good blend of flavors.Dessert time! Only had one, but it was fantastic - The Irish Coffee Cheesecake with Jameson Caramel - wow is all I can say about that. Overall great visit and good selection of beers - I will be back for more apps and some dinner plates next time.
4	Didn't eat here but, the drinks and staff are excellent. Make sure you try the traditional Mojito. Also, if you stay at  the Luxor you can get 2-for-1 drink coupons.
4	Located near the Sands Expo Center, this restaurant gets very busy during conventions.  That's why we decided to have an early lunch on the day we dined here.  We arrived at 11 am and was able to immediately get a table for 3....20 minutes later and we'd have to wait for a table.After browsing the menu, we decided to order:Chicken Sandwich w/Sliced Ham, $16http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/public-house-las-vegas-5?select=l7M0XW8_EjQo712aGViQdg#l7M0XW8_EjQo712aGViQdgPrime Rib French Dip, $18http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/public-house-las-vegas-5?select=g-IoMplj8VkinWp6Wwb_Pw#g-IoMplj8VkinWp6Wwb_PwPub Burger, $19http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/public-house-las-vegas-5?select=qnoPzXYzR9U8foKia-FOXQ#qnoPzXYzR9U8foKia-FOXQI had the Chicken Sandwich w/Sliced Ham.....wow, it was an awesome Sandwich!  It comes with Pretzel Bread, which makes this Sandwich unique and delish.  There's a healthy serving of Ham too as you can see from the pic I took.....it really should be called a "Chicken and Ham" Sandwich.My colleagues had the Prime Rib French Dip and the Burger....they both said it was awesome.The best part of our dining experience was our server.  She was very helpful and helped us play a practical joke on another table of colleagues that were dining across the restaurants.  She was great.Overall, this is a solid restaurant.Return Factor - 100%
2	Everything was a little too overpriced (yeah, I know, it's Vegas, but still). The iceberg wedge was an insulting size, it was a half wedge of lettuce, (probably couldn't even feed a rabbit with it) add chicken on that thing and you're paying $19 for a half wedge with chicken strips. Not cool. The $19 burger was solid but it was cooked medium when I asked for it to be rare, and I was also given the wrong beer (Wasatch Pumpkin instead of the Dogfish Head Punkin). Service was pretty good though. Will not return.
2	Good beer selection (for the strip), but bartenders are not nice, and wholly inattentive. They are also not very knowledgable about their beers. One plus: you can get growlers to go here. Heavily convention-oriented crowd, and fairly busy. Would have given it more stars if I hadn't been ignored and talked down to by a bartender.
4	My wife and I found this place while trying to find a spot to watch NFL (our team).   We had tried Lagasse's stadium but it was jammed packed, very hot inside, and literally standing room only.    As we walked back through Palazzo to the Venetial we stumbled upon this place as they were opening.   To our surprise, they actually carried the network package so they had our game on.   We were able to find a really comfy couch and table that looked right at the game, perfect.   There was a nice bar on the side that quickly became packed.   They greeted us quickly with an IPad that contained the drink menu.  Pretty neat!    They have a very strong beer collection with different types of flights, etc.  We ordered a light flight of beers.   The local beer which was among them was good (forgot the name).   We ordered a cheese platter that was good except the grilled bread was cold.  We also ordered their wings, which are not traditional wings--they were in green chili/tomatillo type sauce and were soooo good.   Hard to eat but really good.   Wear an extra napkin and you'll be fine.   The rest of the menu looked really good---bone marrow, fresh seafood platter with lobster, oysters, shrimp, etc, a short rib sandwich, steaks, and burgers.  The waitress was very efficient and checked on us a million times.   She also recommended this yummy russian stout that was really good.   For those who still enjoy watching football, but prefer comfort over a loud obnoxious "party" crowd, this is a great find.
5	Yummy! The Service was great also! This restaurant is honestly one of my favorites.
4	Don't go anywhere else. Come here for lunch. Come here for dinner. Sit at the bar. Sit at the tables. Doesn't matter. Wherever you sit and whatever you eat, you'll love this place. The poutine was OK. Not enough cheese to make it wow, but the gravy was super tasty. The burger is spot on. The roasted tomato make this burger top notch. The beer marinated chicken wings are incredible -- the flavor is intense and layered. I got the blue cheese wedge salad -- I've had better. The beer selection is amazing. Public House is a great restaurant and not pretentious, super nice service and best of all, not over priced. You really get a great meal in a really well-decorated spot. There are 2 private rooms with a cozy ambiance and sliding doors for privacy. I already am trying to schedule another trip with friends to eat in those rooms. Seriously love this place.
4	Came here for a work conference. And had an open bar / free drinks for a good couple hours! It was awesome. I had the bacon wrapped dates! Boy were they good. The salmon bruschetta was ok, so were the chicken skewers. Sad, I didn't get to try the poutine duck confit fries or the bone marrow, but that's on my food to try list next time!
5	This place is a must try! I booked a table for 13 for my birthday dinner over the weekend but on the same day for my reservation, I called about two hour prior to it asking if it was possible to change our dinner reservation to one hour later. They didn't question much and said it should be fine and if there is a problem they would call me to notify me, which there wasn't any problem at all. The atmosphere is great here and so was the service. The only thing that was not so great was the bill that comes out after. HehhSome of their stuffs are hit or miss but most others you pay for what you get, quality wise. The bone marrow as many had mentioned is a must try, it tastes so fatty yet so good!!! Another amazing item was the Scallop!!!! Its expensive for just three little pieces but it tasted AMAZING!!!!!!!!! For those who wants to try the foie gras, like myself unfortunately they had taken that off their menu. For those who wants to try the Poutine, you can pass on that and save yourself some money and the same for octopus under the appetizer. The same also goes for the shellfish plate, it was not worth the price for what you get! Overall this is a place to get some great foods if you're willing to pay the price. Haha
5	Our 1st night in Vegas this past trip our group of 13 decided to hit this place up for dinner since it was right next to our hotel (Palazzo). It was nice that they accommodated our big party within just a few minutes. Our waiter was really nice and really helpful and patient with our large and loud and drunk party, he helped us in making sure our food was tasting fine, our bills were correct and separated and our alcohol was full.I got the Scottish salmon and my boyfriend got the short ribs which he couldn't stop talking about and he ate every single bite and even loved the side sauce it came in...a few of the other guys got that and they all felt the same way. Everyone also liked the duck confetti fries called "poutine", pub burger and ahi poke. But what everyone kept raving about and the beer! I even tasted a few of them and it tasted really good and I don't even like beer. I had this peachy cocktail which was more on the sweeter side that our waiter recommended to me and that was really yummy. Prices are reasonable and the ambiance here is nice...kind of that old wooden modern feel to it.
5	Place got great service, I enjoyed everything that I got and also waiters love to conversate and make you feel comfortable. Man what can't this place do? We had a huge group with us and usually people hate handle large parties ( I just know it) and they handled it like pros, they were able to give us every little thing without having to wait for it from our entrees to little lemon wedges for our water. Need I say more? Well Imma keep on going anyways FOOD WAS SPECTACULAR Me and two of my other friends decided to share this big seafood tower and it was able to feed all three of our hungry selves think of all the seafood!!! It came with shrimp, tuna poke shredded crab and oyster with some dipping sauces Also got the duck poutine and that was amazing, I didn't care for the big globs of cheese in it but if you like that kinna stuff with some duck and gravy and fries this is the appetizer for you!!! Also tried the bone marrow and gosh that was just perfect...sucker for perfect bone marrows and they gave you some bread to smear it with, I think the whole table ordered that haha and all equally loved itGreat place to throw a birthday dinner they love to make you happy and hey.... I love to be happy keep it up public house your going places!
3	In search of a lunch spot while attending a conference at The Venetian, a few of us headed to Public House.  This place is on the pricier side and I wasn't too drawn to anything on the menu.  I ended up ordering the beet and endive salad and added the grilled chicken.  The salad was very small. Others ordered burgers which were huge and they said the fries were great.  However, trying to eat healthy, my options were limited.  Service was a little on the slower side but our waiter was friendly. However, not the best place to grab a quick lunch if you have a time constraint.
3	Tried this restaurant while staying at the Palazzo. It's a good place for "pub" like food but I must say it is not amazing. We had their poutine fries, lobster mac and cheese, and a couple of beers and drinks. Overall, service was good, food was good, and experience overall just a good.
5	This review is based on my experience in the bar area- drinks and apps.  We arrived around 8 pm and we were able to get a low table in the bar area.  Our server was super friendly (and hot- I think my brother unsuccessfully hit on her for the next three hours).  The specialty drinks were excellent and they had a pretty decent beer selection.  We had the lamb meatballs, which were excellent, but my absolute favorite, which I'm still craving, was the grilled octopus!  The prices were a bit steep, but everything is in Vegas.  The atmosphere was perfect for a chill night out to have great drinks, yummy apps, and good conversation.
2	This was a hit or miss dinner. We had a party of eight and some dishes were good & others were awful. The crispy pigs tails are a must though. It would probably be the only thing I would order if I went again. Which is unlikely.
3	Some food was great. some food was bad. For the price all of the food should have been great. A little disappointed. :(
5	I cannot say enough about this wonderful establishment. The food is without a doubt the best pub fare I've ever sampled & the beer list is a dream come true. I love that there is always a cask of "real ale" available and a cicerone to help find a perfect pairing of food & brew. The food, beverages & service are all exemplary. The poutine with duck confit will force me to come back very soon...
4	I came here awhile back on a whim when I was staying at the Venetian.We didn't have reservations and we just waltzed in and got seated pretty quickly. The restaurant was one of those cool gastropubs which is a nice break from all the other fancy restaurants at Venetian.  A really good casual restaurant for a quick lunch or casual dinner.  When you walk in, the restaurant is dimly lit.  I really liked the feel of the restaurant.  Casual and nothing too fancy.  A good place to hang out with friends and drink before a wild night out. When we got the menu, the one thing that pleasantly surprised me was the how decently priced everything was. Especially for Vegas standard.  AND the food was good! Whaaat??! But the one thing that really sold me was the vast amount of beer they served and they're only $7-8.  We ordered an array of food.  From the bone marrow to the poutine, I enjoyed it all! Very good food.  The BF ordered the pub burger which he really enjoyed. My favorite in the restaurant was definitely the mussels and clams. SOOO delicious! The broth had a good flavor that by the time I was finished with all the seafood I was dipping anything that I could find in it. Bread, fries, you name it, I tried it.I would definitely come back here if I was staying at Venetian or Palazzo again.  It's not a must try in Vegas, but it's definitely a good one to try if you're staying at either hotels.
5	This place had the best burger I've ever had in Vegas.   It rivals the counter.   I'm definitely coming back here.   They roast the tomatoes,  use crisp well fried bacon, and use a great unusual bun.  They also throw in some type of cabbage and sauerkraut(?). I'm not clear on what the veggies were but it worked with a nice slice of what I think was Jack cheese.  Please go here because I'd hate if this place went out of business.  My brother had the fish and he said he really liked it.   Crispy and tasty.   A bit pricey,  so by comparison the burger seems like an even better deal at a better price.
3	Tired it was, come on now, this is Vegas, and its all currently about the cream of chefs, an all out restaurant gala competition. For an alehouse, it felt rather stiff. Service was slow, food was meh. It wasn't special at all, and some beers on the menu were not available. For that--the old time chain Yard House would be a considerable alternative sorry to say.Don't think I will be backNot a bad choice if you wanted something of this sort at the Venetian, but with all the choices out there, I would pass
5	This place has one of the best beer menus in Vegas, and its food is equally as good. We recently had the poutine, the lamb meatballs, and the pork belly sandwich, and all were fantastic. Highly recommended.
5	Well now, very nicely done.Five of us were deciding where to eat and zeroed in on this very interesting menu.We had great service and we really liked that tables are spaced well out from other tables and we were able to focus on our group without bumping into other chairs.For the meal: we had the chicken liver bruschetta which was the bomb. The short ribs were ok, but that was the tough reviewer in our crowd.  He did like the carrot puree though.  I devoured the rabbit loin in porchetta with the potted duck rillettes and bread.  Amazing!  My son enjoyed an exquisite herb roasted chicken breast.Panther creek wine and the Doctor Loosen riesling were perfect.We enjoyed it from start to finish and will most definitely waltz in here again one day.
4	This review is for the bar only. I very much enjoy craft beer and one of my lovely yelp friends recommended that I hit up Public House and check out their selection. As soon as I was in the area and hankerin' for a brew, I did just that. I came in on a weekday afternoon and grabbed one of the few seats at the bar. The place was a little empty when I arrived but it was fairly early and by the time I left the lunch crowd was in full effect.  The drink menu was nice and long with some really good selections. The bartender, Lauren, was knowledgeable and fun. She helped me make a few choices, let me sample a couple of things and carried on a conversation all while mixing drinks and waiting on the other patrons at the bar. Multi-talented. She deserved all those tips that were rolling in. The beer menu is extensive but easy to navigate. The headings will lead you in the right direction. Besides the 20+ options on tap, they offer three pages of bottles and cans to choose from. Wheats, dunkels, barrel aged and doppelbocks, what's a girl to do? This girl drank three craft brews before lunch, that's what.
3	I will start off and say that I think this place is a little overrated on Yelp. I think it deserves three stars at the highest. I just got back from Vegas tonight and stopped by the Public House (based on the reviews here) two days ago. Honestly, it is a bar. That's it. I got the burger which was good but nothing that the Yard House or Portillo's couldn't deliver on. The beer selection was diverse but not ton of it on draft. Also, I noticed that each person walking in the door received different options for trying the beer. For example, one couple was offered their "around the world" beer tasting when they walked in, I wasn't offered much of anything but the menu, and another group was given other recommendations. Very odd and bad way to introduce the beer -- they need to be consistent to all their customers. Regardless, I tried three different beers in bottles (again, because they didn't have much on draft) and wasn't really impressed.I definitely won't be going back, not with so many options in Vegas. I heard of another Irish Pub at New York New York that I'll hit up next time. I don't really recommend this place unless you're just looking for something simple and not memorable.
4	Great location between both massive casinos the Venetian and the Palazzo, perfect meeting spot. The beer selection is good here, but is a bit obscure. You can still find something good whatever your taste is. I have been here for drinks (meetings) several times. Finally got a chance to eat here on my last trip.Needed some solid food after a late night, and opted for the burger with poutine upgrade on the side. The poutine was not that great, but the burger was pretty solid. Overall this menu is good gastropub food, well done. I would probably give the food 3.5. Service here is fantastic, even when very busy the waitstaff and bar staff are quick to deliver and very friendly. This is 5 star service.
4	(bar review only)They have a decent craft beer selection on draft - and even more in bottles. They have ipads with their menus on it.  I was a little disappointed because some of the beers I wanted to try, they were out of. But the bartenders are really nice and will let you sample things (if you're sitting at the bar) before you commit. Its very convenient to grab a drink here in between sessions if you're attending a conference at the sands convention center (back of venetian)the bone marrow looks pretty awesome though.
4	We had a great experience. Great service from a sweet waitress. My filet was perfectly cooked medium rare and I loved how the greens were dressed. My husband had the beer brined chicken wings with an avocado sauce and a Caesar salad. The wings were delish and he raved about the salad...crispy pigs ear crackles on top were awesome. The only disappointment was my roasted cauliflower side dish. It was kind of cold and not as described on the menu. Loved the funny decor in the restrooms! The dining room decor is nice. We were brought warm towels after dinner...nice touch.
4	I was in the search for some solid craft beer to go along with some incredible food when I stumbled upon the Public House. Their slogan - "United We Stand, Pint in Hand" - lured me in to check out their craft beer selection. They did not have an overwhelming selection but enough to satisfy this beer geek. But before making a final decision on the Public House, I did a little research on my smartphone and found out that the Public House was created and owned by the same people who started Holsteins, which is a top notch burger joint further down the strip in the Cosmopolitan. After that point, I was confident I could not go wrong with the Public House. Appetizer: The poutine was highly recommended from a super helpful and pleasant waitress.  She said this was not only one of her favorite appetizers but one of the most ordered appetizers on the menu.  After reading the description on the menu, I was thinking how could we go wrong with the poutine? French fries covered with duck, cheese and coated with a stout gravy. Yeah it tastes as good as it sounds. My wife and I finished every single french fry, piece of duck, cheese curd, and if I had thrown my manners out of the door I would have licked every drop of the stout gravy. Beers: My first beer was the Cask Dirty Dog IPA which was dry hopped with Amarillo. For those who have not had a cask beer before, it is pretty much beer without most or all of the carbonation. It really relies on the flavors of the hops and malts. Since I'm a big fan of Amarillo hops because of their distinct citrus and orange flavors, I knew I would not be disappointed with this beer. Sure enough, without the carbonation this beer quickly disappeared. Looking for a beer with a bigger and bolder bite, the next beer I decided to try was the Lake Mead Monster Amber Ale. Advertised as imperial amber ale, this beer boasted an abv of 8.9% and was packed full of spicy bitterness. I would definitely recommend this beer to those who enjoy full bodied beers. Entrees: I had the Pub Burger and my wife had the Lobster Roll. The Pub Burger was a thick and juicy ground beef patty, with gruyere cheese, guinness mayo, fire roasted tomato, and bacon marmalade layered in between a soft and freshly baked bun. One bite and I was hooked. This was an amazing burger! Every ingredient came together nicely to produce this tasty burger. My wife's lobster roll was equally as amazing. Big chunks of perfectly cooked Maine lobster was mixed in the perfect amount of mayo to create one of the best lobster rolls she had ever tasted. The quality of the lobster was over the top. Apparently they fly in fresh Maine lobster daily and it shows in the quality of the lobster. The Public House is an easy four stars. The service, the food and the craft beer are excellent! If the prices were lower, then I would no doubt give this place five stars.Cheers!
3	The gastro-pub is popular everywhere.  In Chicago, tons of restaurants claim to be "gastro-pubs" because they serve "upscale bar food" or something.  The Public House is one of those places.  It's OK for what it is, the food is pretty good and the prices are high (well, higher than they should be for a bar).  Yeah, I know part of the high prices comes from the fact that this restaurant is also inside a hotel/casino, which makes it more expensive than other places, anyway.  But stuff didn't have to be this expensive.  Most appetizers were over $10 and the entrees ranged from $16-$30.  The service was good, tables seemed pretty easy to come by (I ate here twice) and the portions were large.  The Poutine was a must-try, though I've had better elsewhere.  First time around, I ordered the pub burger, which was tasty with all of the add-ons I opted for .  Second time around, I had the fried chicken and it was really great but a huge portion that I couldn't finish and couldn't take back to my room with me.If you check in on Foursquare, you can get a free beer of the month, which I was able to get twice.  Awesome.
5	One of the few places I visit every time I'm in Vegas.  Great beer, awesome food, and a cool vibe make this a must stop for us.  Plenty of beer to choose from for any palate, the beer menu changes so frequently that the menu itself is on an iPad.  Some of the flights they put together are incredible, and have turned me on to several new brews and breweries.Definitely get the poutine, can't go wrong there.  The food menu changes quite a bit too, so there's usually a new dish to try, and the desserts hold up their end of the bargain as well.
5	I went here after a drunken New Year's Eve and I swore not to drink for the next few days. The though of alcohol was making me sick. Where do we get seated? Right in front of the "Wine Shelter"! I just wanted to drink juice...pineapple juice. So, I looked at their drink menu from a tablet.  Alcohol, alcohol and more alcohol. Then I saw "pineapple juice" so that's what I got. It was beer brewed with pineapple juice and it was the tastiest beer (Mana Wheat)  I've had this year.They had lots of good items on the menu but what I wanted to put to the test were the poutine and porchetta sandwich since I haven't found good versions of these dishes here in Vegas. We got poutine (appetizer portion), lobster roll, chicken sandwich and a porchetta sandwich. You can get your sandwich with fries or onion rings or poutine. Poutine:Just like the good ol' Canadian way of making it: fries, cheese curds and gravy - but this had duck confit which made an already delicious dish even better. The fries were hot and slightly crisp on the outside, fluffy on the inside. The cheese curds are melted somewhere in between those hot fries. The gravy was tasty. The duck confit was tender and perfect on the poutine. This has got to be the best poutine I've had - yup, even better than the ones I've had in Canada. Insane! 5/5Lobster Roll:Herbed coleslaw, lobster, butter lettuce on toasted brioche. I've had really good lobster rolls from New England and even here in Vegas - varying price tags too. I've also had awful lobster rolls. This was meaty. However, it has that watery mayo sauce that I'm not too fond of. It's still good but not my favorite. 3.5/5Porchetta Sandwich:Pork belly, salsa rossa, garlic aioli and arugula on a baguette. Porchetta is one of those things that makes me feel glad my beliefs don't prevent me from eating pork...if it's done right. This was really fatty and oily...and really delicious. The garlic aioli makes me less guilty for eating porchetta since garlic lowers your blood pressure. 5/5The service was on point. Glasses were kept filled. The server was friendly, attentive but not annoying and was able to make good recommendations. This is a perfect place to nurse a hangover or to get a hangover!
3	If ur a beer drinker, there are over 200 types of beer- ambience is dimly lit - food is pretty good but portions are rather small for the price - for example the prawn cocktail is only 3 jumbo prawns for $18 and the scallops were only 3 for I believe $28- so if u want more bang for ur buck and u have a hearty appetite, u may be shelling out quite a bit for something that won't fill u up- although the burger is a good value and so are the short ribs! Good enough for me- excellent service and not too crazy as far as noise!
4	Had dinner here on a Saturday night while staying at the Venetian, reservations were no problem, venue has a very comfortable atmosphere with super friendly and knowledgeable staff. The beet salad was great, fresh beets, delicious goat cheese, & great dressing. The Lobster Mac n Cheese had a few chunks of tender and sweet lobster, but the cheese was not as creamy as I would have liked. The Short Ribs were tender and delicious. The Bacon Cheese Burger was a bit bland, needed seasoning and maybe some sharp cheddar instead of gruyere? The best part was discovering a new dark Russian beer from a 250 yr old brewery that made my mouth sing...not just because of the high alcohol content but also the incredible flavor!
5	Maybe my favorite spot of everywhere I went in Vegas.Lost count of how many draft beers they had, and the pipes going over the bar reminded me of the compressed air cash and receipt system they used to have back in the day  in high-end haberdasheries. In fact, sittng  at the bar I had to call my brother in London to ask him what the name of the one in our home town was, and he had to call his friend Cormac who knew it was Moore's at the top of Carlisle Rd.Anyway - this place is fantastic - a great bar, great beer and phenomenal food - I had the steak tartare and a couple of flights of beers....highly recommended.
3	I guess I should start by saying I am middle aged.  Haha.  Not a youngster so the noise did bother me a little.  Not a deciding factor but a little loud.  We were a party of 8 including one child.  Service was great.As far as drinks go, I suppose it's more about the beer so I can't say much there although I will say they leave an iPad at your table with the drink specials listed in there.  I ordered an espresso martini (not on the list)  and it was great.We shared our food family style.  We like to do this so we get to try more dishes and not be stuck with only the one we ordered.  For apps we had Lamb Meatballs(no opinion-I don't care for lamb so didn't taste), Octopus, this was great.  It was so tender!  We had the Beer Brined Chicken Wings with like a green salsa type sauce on it.  This was ok.  I love cilantro but have to say the cilantro may have been a little too strong.  Steak Tartare with slices of toast.  That was delicious.  Caesar Salad and Roasted Beet Salad were very good.Shortribs were great, highly recommended,  Sea Bass tasted good but my sister found too many small bones to deal with.  Not a good sign.Bottom line, the food was a little hit or miss.  Some was great, some not so great.  Service was wonderful.The desserts were all good.
4	This place has quite an impressive beer and wine list, with lots of favorites, and many esoteric selections to allow you to try something new.  One of the people I was with actually said her steak was the best one she'd had all week that she was in Vegas.  It was a little loud and crowded when we were there, but they were still fairly efficient in taking care of everyone.
5	I really liked the prime rib from this place. Its definitely a pricey place but well worth it.
5	Amazing food!!We came here as a party of 9, seated on time for our reservation. The atmosphere here is nice, a little louder in the bar area but doesn't carry too much in to the restaurant. Between us all we ordered the burger, fries, filet mignon, dry rib eye, lobster Mac n cheese, clams, mushroom appetizer and the bruschetta appetizer... Not one complaint about any dish! Everything was so delicious and had the perfect flavor with generous portions! The service was ok, but as far as ordering drinks from your table, it's faster to get up and go to the bar. They got a few drink orders wrong and one never came. FYI: if you ordered from the bar and opened a tab, your drinks will get carried over on to your final bill... They do not charge you at the bar. We we're a little worried about getting charged twice for drinks but it all worked out. Despite that minor drink issue, I would absolutely recommend this place and will definitely be back!!
2	The staff was more than helpful in getting me set up to accommodate a party of 10 (for a bachelor party). I would give them an A+ for that. I selected this place because of the great Yelp! reviews and the fact that they had an extensive beer selection which I was hoping that my party would take advantage of.We got there on time and were seated immediately. Unfortunately, the good times kind of stopped there.After coming by to get our drink orders, it took quite some time before our drinks came and for our order to be taken. I can't speak for the folks on the other side of the table, but my side (coincidentally the side that ordered the steaks) didn't have very good luck with the cook temps. We all ordered medium rare and ended up getting steaks on the Medium to Medium well side. If the steaks were cooked better, I'm sure it would've been a little bit more enjoyable but overall, we were all in agreement that they were a little oversalted as well.I know a party of 10 can be a handful and perhaps they didn't have the right staff to accommodate, but overall I felt that we were a little neglected. After going to other bachelor parties that had impeccable service for even larger parties, it's hard to give this place a ringing endorsement.Maybe good for smaller parties, but based on my experience, I'd avoid if you have a large group.
4	The place is good. Not great but good. I was expecting a lot since I have been to some amazing public houses around the world. However, they are doing it right. There are a few small things they could fix but it is nothing to distract from a pleasant evening at the place.
4	This place is a godsend for someone on The Strip looking for some craft beer, or just beer with taste that doesn't have "Bud" or "Lite" in the name. Sorry, getting a little judgmental.Speaking of, when seated at a table for four (was surprised they sacrificed one for just me, a walk-in) I was provided an iPad which contained all the menus for all the beer. I didn't see anyone else with an iPad though, which I thought was peculiar. Frustration kicked in when I tried to order two beers and they were out of both. Why not have the menus update this information? Regardless, the "beer cicerone" was able to help me pick something comparable. They have many canned beers, which they take pride in. So what did I do? Ordered canned beer. Why not-it's Vegas.Had the Poutine for the appetizer (which was enough for one person's entree): thin, seasoned fries with duck confit, thick cheese curds, a sunny side egg and a gravy that the waiter poured on the dishin person at the table. He even asked me if I was ready (which spooked me a little-uh, ready for what?) This, my friends, was THE. BEST. POUTINE. Everything was perfect, especially that spooky gravy. It's also hard to find poutine stateside that has quality cheese curds.Entree was their version of Chicken (Quail) and Waffles: buttermilk fried quail and waffles served with greens with lemongrass butter and Moose Drool (a brown ale from Montana) syrup. It was ...good, but not great. I think I was just wanting fried chicken and waffles and not have to fight with quail bones (no fault of theirs.)For my (and your) finale was a Chocolate Stout Layer Cake with Malted milk ice cream and, AND, caramelized bacon rice crispies. To be honest, the only, ONLY, reason I got this? To see what bacon crispies tasted like. I was already full of food and beer. I knew the chocolate cake was going to be rich and decadent and yes, the crispies did indeed taste like bacon.I waddled back to Caesar's a happy man.
5	We stumbled upon the Public House today inside the Venetian while touring Las Vegas. Pleasantly surprised I must say! There were 3 of us. My friends got the Pub Burger with bacon marmalade, gruyere cheese and roasted tomatoes with a fried egg and I got the chicken breast sandwich with smoked ham, melted cheese in a pretzel roll with some bacon; Its always fun to splurge on vacation! We all had a glass of wine because we were told it was National drink Wine Day for $5 a glass! You cant beat that!Service, especially Ryan, was excellent and fun; not what we expected. The decor and overall feeling of the restaurant was warm and welcoming and we will be back again, at the end of our trip.Everyone! Go to Public House
4	First time dining at Public House.  We are not drinkers but wanted to try the food at Public House.  Public House is located near Venetian Hotel, right in the middle of the convention centre.  We ordered the Roasted Bone Marrow, the 3 Butcher Block - Potted Duck Rillette, Rabbit Loin in Porchetta and Devils on Horseback, Short Rib, Lamb Meatball Sandwich, Chicken Sandwich, Prime Rib French Dip and Public House Caesar.  I really, really like the Lamb Meatball - very moist sandwich.  The bread is soft and goes very well with the lamb meatballs in a tomato sauce.  The appys were very well done.  I found the Roasted Bone Marrow to be bland but when eaten with the bacon marmalade, gave it a different flavour altogether.  I found myself putting a lot of pepper on the Bone Marrow.  The 3 Butcher Block was great!  I liked all 3 of the items we selected.  The Caesar could do with more dressing and needs more flavour.  The Short Rib was braised to softness!
2	Hooray for sub-par service!
4	Food was good.  Dishes are simple (think, colonial America themed?) but you can taste the fine ingredients the chef incorporates inside.  Very very large beer menu.Overall, I think this is more of a spot you would eat at with friends prior to a night on the town.  Ambiance is probably not suitable for a nice quiet family dinner or a romantic date.  Not to take anything away from the restaurant, it just has a more of a grab a few drinks and let's have a good time vibe.Took my girlfriend here for her birthday. No cakes or free dessert...bummer.Service was good, and the chef comes out to bring you your dish and explains the dish.Definitely order the duck confit poutine and make them get you extra gravy!
4	Had dinner here while I staying at the Venetian and absolutely loved it.  Our appetizers: lobster mac and cheese and the steak tartar. Both of them were delicious!!!!I wouldnt recommend browsing the pictures on Yelp because their menu is not as large and they don't carry some of the items that were posted. I tried ordering the french onion soup because I saw a picture of it on Yelp- but sadly they didn't have it on the menu. WAH :(I ordered the Pub Burger. I usually don't like burgers with big patties because ground beef freaks me out. This was possibly the biggest burger patty I had ever had and it was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I could tell the meat was actual meat with no additives. The caramelized onions on the burger were perfection. Tried the Bourbon County beer- if you are a whiskey lover like me then this is a MUST!!!!!!!!All in all, I loved this place. We had an awesome waiter, I believe his name was Josh...or Jake- don't really remember. His service was IMPECCABLE. My sister is pregnant and she got sick from what she ordered- he quickly took the plate away and accommodated her all night. Thank you for being so kind.I will be back :)
1	H
5	Amazing Beer, service, staff and atmosphere! Thank you Laila( sorry if I misspelled your name) it was a busy fri night around 9:30 pm , luckily I got a seat at the bar and couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the amazing beer selection ( list is on an iPad and is current [ all other restaurants take note of this please, it's 2014!] )I never felt like I was waiting long, all my questions were answered, Laila's service was prompt and I had a great experience !
3	Pubic House was the first food stop on my recent trip to Vegas. The menu looked promising and there were so many things that looked good. I was excited to try the place. I love bone marrow so I had to get it. The marrow was fatty and delicious, as it should be, but I was confused by the bacon marmalade that came with it. I didn't think it worked at all with the bone marrow. As much as I love my meat, the meat-on-meat combo seemed odd. I also ordered the porchetta sandwich. All the flavors worked really well together. The issue with the sandwich was that the bottom part of the bread was completely soaked in grease! I ended up just eating the insides. The poutine is a must-try. My cousin ordered it and I sampled it of course. Next time I'll get my own. I love fries, cheese, and gravy!
4	Their food deserves 5 stars ....BUT they need to get better with their service.  This was my 2nd time at the Public House and I ordered the bone marrow appetizer (AMAZING!!!)  and the creamed cauliflower side which was also delicious....!Great selection of hard-to-find beers, but the service was just so-so.  Check it out if you are a foodie!!!  But don't judge them simply by their service-- in this case, the food wins.
5	March 16th I took 4 clients here and we had excellent food. Seafood tower with shrimp and crab & a Bone Marrow dish which is always excellent for appetizers. Next for our entrees, I had the french dip which was delicous however, it does have quite a bit of horseradish, more than I'm used to. Still very tender and tasty meat. Next dish was a Lobster roll which lasted on his plate for about 5 minutes. So tasty and filled with lobster, not to big or overwhelming. Other dishes that were to brag about- Grilled Salmon with brussels sprouts. Great wine selection as well. I was staying at MGM but came over to the Public House to treat my clients! We all left happier people. I've been to the Public House in Culver City near LA as well, very good! (i think they are the same ?)
5	Amazing meal!Went last night for our 3rd wedding anniversary. Wanted something casual but with great food. This place nails it. Started with wine (Faust cab. Soooo good) oyster shooters and the roasted bone marrow. Oysters were pretty standard but the bone narrow was some if the best I have had.For dinner we split the scallops and the shirt ribs. Both were fantastic.This place is now on my "must go" list every time I am in Vegas.
2	3 Stars for the food.  Lose 1 star because the bar isn't separated from the dining room and the music in the bar was way too loud to the point you can't talk in the dining room.  I get they want to have people walking to notice the bar, but it effects the dining experience negatively.   The short rib was one of the best I ever had.  The pig tail appetizer was something I would go back just for that.  The pierogi wasn't a pierogi. It was more like a gyoza.  The french fries were horribly soggy.  The rest of the meal was average.  Even though this place has an average rating of 4, I don't think it will survive if they continue to chase away diners in favor of drinkers.  Drinks are free in Vegas.  Dinner is where the money is made.  Turn down the music.
5	amazing food and beer.  may I recommend the short rib and the Green Flash Palate Wrecker.  Wow what a combo.  Even the kids' Mac and Cheese was delicious.  Best I've ever tasted.  wife had the pub burger and enjoyed it.  I snuck a taste and enjoyed it too.  The service was prompt and friendly. great experience.
4	This is going to be an easy review to write.I really enjoyed this place. Service was A+Food was delicious! I had the burger. Juicy, high quality beef. Excellent!Nice ambiance and friendly wait staff.Laid back yet fancy and hip.I strongly recommend this place.The only negative is that is all the way out in Las Vegas and I live on the other side of the country. Otherwise I would be visiting often!
4	Good food nice atmosphere. Our server Steve was excellent. I had bone marrow was very good with onion bacon marmalade which was nice touch. I had the Caesar salad which was delicious with fried pig ears. My dining companions didn't like that , I scoffed them down like a bowl of chips. And then people wonder why chefs cook the same old crap, because Americans are so lame and non adventurous.they won't try new foods. My dining companions had lamb meatballs and salad. They enjoyed. Our waiter was great  he brought out birthday ice cream for my mom without even being asked.the pinot noir was yummy. We had 2 bottles. Prices weren't too bad. I don't think they have happy hour
4	I love this place! Went here for lunch during SHOT Show (very large gun trade show) while we were staying at the Venetian. Public House is probably the first restaurant you run into once you exit the convention center so as you could expect it gets busy, FAST! I am smart so I obviously made a reservation. After pushing through the crowds of angry (idiots) that were complaining about an hour wait since they didn't have reservations (!!), we were seated promptly. They have an awesome beer selection and the waiters are very helpful in helping you choose from the extensive list. If you eat hear you MUST get the poutine appetizer. I crave the poutine for months after I have left Vegas. It consists of fries covered in cheese curds, braised beef, and egg and is covered in a beef gravy. It's fantastic! The Pub Burger is also one of my favorites. Also good and they cook it perfectly to order! Get the side salad- the vinaigrette is shockingly good! The price isn't too much especially compared to Vega$ standards.Word of advice- MAKE A RESERVATION!!!
4	First place where we tried poutine, the Canadian hang over meal, at least based on what someone from Canada told me. They have a great beer selection and great burgers. We got to the Shot Show in Vegas with our family and we always have to have a meal at this place. Please make a reservation even for lunch, this place is always packed.
4	Great Fancy Bar. The service was amazing!! They offer some great unique food items - bone marrow for example. Their drink menu is on an ipad and is awesome. Pricey, but so is everything else in Las Vegas
4	The dry aged ribeye is the best steak I've ever tasted, 21 days of dry aging. The beef flavor was beautiful and it was cooked perfectly medium rare. The beer selection is ok, you can get a comparable or better beer selection many places the selection on draft was not very inspiring. Dessert was decent. The steak alone is worth the visit, have a beer or two while you're there.
5	4/6/2014 @8:15 - One of the best meals the wife and I have ever had.  Service , beer selection, appetizers, dinner, and desert all Excellent.  The decor makes you forget you are in a massive hotel casino on the Vegas strip.  We were greeting immediately.  The server knew the beer selection better than the ipad they gave us that had the beer and wine menu loaded on it.  We did not need any help selecting the appetizers, we immediately picked the Pierogies (beef 'tongue & cheek' filled, sriracha, green onion, butter sauce) and the Roasted Bone Marrow (bacon marmalade, grilled bread).  Both were outstanding.We skipped the salads because the dessert menu looked too good to pass up.Our two dinner entree's were again outstanding.  The wife ordered the Short Rib ("descHutes black butte porter" braised, carrot mousseline, Heirloom carrots, ipa battered onion ring ) and I had a taste for steak so I ordered the Dry Aged Rib-eye (bone in) and it was one of the best steaks that ever slid past my tongue.  I added the onion/bacon marmalade and ordered a side of Forest Mushrooms adding more goodness to an already perfect meal.Dessert did not disappoint.  The Creme Brulee (Pear Butter, Feuilletine Crumble, Milk Chocolate Sorbet) I ordered was perfect and the wife's Croissant Bread Pudding (Bananas Foster Sauce, Toasted Cinnamon Ice Cream) just sealed the deal as one of the best meals we have shared in our 26+ years together.I know it is difficult to choose a place to eat on the strip but if you are looking for a gastro pub with a very inventive menu this is the place.THANKS FOR A WONDERFUL MEAL PUBLIC HOUSE!
5	Company outing while doing the ISC West convention, everything that came out was fantastic. Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table. OH the Poutine was SO good. Couldn't believe they had it.. No one at my table knew what it was.. Fries with Gravy and Cheese for god sake!! They threw on some crispy duck strips or something on top that made it out of this world..
3	It is very clear to me that while in Vegas things cost a lot more.  I don't have a problem paying the higher menu prices but I expect a little more then what I got at Public House.  First let me say that it is a very nice place and the waiter was very kind and prompt.My issue came with my New York Strip steak.  It was a good cut of meat but I ordered it medium and the middle was raw in spots.  The biggest problem was no flavor, no spice, no kick.  A steak at Outback has more flavor then this steak.  I also had the Lobster Mac and Cheese along with the mashed potatoes.  Again...no flavor.  Very boring.  Not bad just boring.  My wife commented that instant mashed potatoes from Bob Evans has more flavor.Nice place, good people, beautiful cut of meat...no flavor.
5	Wonderful service.  Food came quickly.  Awesome food.  What more do you need to know?  Definitely try the crispy pigs tail. It's like sweet and sour pork skin with some awesome roasted pork.  Next best thing would be the bone marrow.  Skip the seafood platter.  It's very plain and boring.
1	Terrible. Would NOT recommend. The service was terrible, they refused to split up the check and then would only accept 'three' forms of payment for our large group. When we told the manager of our disappointment he did nothing. Overall bad experience. Shout out to Russel the bartender who was the only pleasant one that spoke to us.
5	Awesome! did not disappoint!  The waiter was great!  Short ribs ughhhh mazing!!!!  great go you won't be sorry. thank you yelpers for recommending!
2	Friday night in Vegas at the Venetian Hotel & Casino and this place stops serving food (even chips & salsa) at 10pm and tells us at 10:30 our beers have to be served in a plastic cup because it's last call and they're closing soon. Really?? I'm so sick of these establishments in Vegas casinos that pretend to be upscale, trendy places, but actually are very cheap when it comes to the number of staff members they keep around when the hours get a little later. I assume someone crunched the numbers and decided it was less profitable to keep kitchen staff around after 10:00 and could save a few bucks by closing at 11:00. So much for taking care of the customers who come in to spend their money....Not to mention, the bartender seemed to want to get everyone out ASAP so he could close up. I'd like to provide my opinion on the food, but oh! It's after 10:00pm! No one eats anything this late! So very late for Friday night in Vegas! Really?
4	Another Public House! I came in for lunch with my sister, aunt, and uncle after reading all of the great the reviews, and this Public House did not disappoint! It is a nice escape from the escape of Vegas, amongst all the other amazing restaurants and shops in the Venetian's Canal Shops. We ordered the poutine and the foie gras to start and they were amazing! The poutine comes with duck confit and a poached egg on top which was the perfect combination with the gravy and cheese curds. The foie gras was, as expected, a very small serving, especially for 4 people to share, but it was also amazing and very flavorful. I ordered the porchetta, which I had been dying to try, but I was actually a bit disappointed. It was served on a french baguette and the pork was extremely thin so really all I could taste was the bread and the excess of arugula. My sandwich came with herb fries, which were pretty good. My sister and my aunt both ordered the pub burger with bacon and avocado and after trying it I was a bit jealous. I'm always very reluctant to order a burger since pretty much every restaurant in the world offers one, but this was really one of the best burgers I've ever tried. My uncle ordered the short ribs and he said that they were also excellent. Our server was very helpful and friendly and recommended we also try their white sangria, which was good but very very sweet so we ended up ordering from their huge beer list as well. I was happy to see that they have one of my favorites that I can't find anywhere - Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat. Overall I definitely enjoyed my meal at Public House and would return next time I'm in Vegas.
1	It's trying to be a Vegas pub but not there yet.  I ordered a specific wine, they poured a different one?  Menu online doesn't match in restaurant.   45minutes after we ordered a cheese plate , salad , & burger as dinner, we were told the burger was dropped so another was being prepared.  ??  What about the cheese plate & salad?  Keep trying please.
4	Matt was our waiter and he was great. My only suggestion would be for him to check in less often... he kept coming back to see if we needed anything so often that we almost felt rushed. But, once I jokingly said that we would be taking a while, he laid off. He was very nice and knowledgable though. Decore is pretty cool. Feels like a nice pub. The food was good, but nothing over the top amazing. We split the kale salad that was delicious with unique croutons (maybe made out of Rye?? not sure). We ordered the halibut and the lobster mac n cheese to share. they were both good. If you are big into beer and drinking, this is a good spot for you.
4	While attending a conference at the Sands convention center my colleagues and I were looking for a place for lunch  (walking through Venetian) and ended up at the Public House. Lots of good options for lunch but since I'm a fan of lamb, I went with the lamb meatball sandwich. An excellent choice on my part. Tender lamb balls with tomato sauce on a fresh hoggie style roll. Awesome! Overall, this is a great restaurant for some rustic British food (Odd I didn't see fish & chips on the menu). Anyhow, the atmosphere really works, the food and drinks are great, and the waitstaff were friendly and helpful. I definitely recommend!
4	I am a Bloody Mary fanatic, and I came to Public House to sample their Cerdo Picante Bloody Mary after reading a review on a food blog. I was not let down. I prefer my Bloody Mary's to be spicy, but without relying on horseradish for too much of the flavor. Public House's Cerdo Picante Bloody Mary packed plenty of kick, just as I had hoped. It's garnished with a jumbo shrimp, which makes for a nice snack to compliment the drink. I would absolutely return for another in the future. I also found the couches at the front of the restaurant to be inviting and comfortable. The duck poutine looked great when our neighbors ordered it, but I simply didn't have the appetite for it. I will have to give it a try in the future.
5	For my 125th, 5 Star Review I wanted to share a gastropub located in the V.  I had heard a lot about this place, and I like gastropubs so I said I gotta check this place out.  We ordered a light meal consisting of: Bone marrow ($15) w/ bacon & onion marmalade; Grilled octopus ($16) w/ fried chickpeas, chorizo, saffron-romanesco sauce & arugula; and Duck confit poutine ($11) w/ cheese curds, gravy & egg ($2.50 extra).The marrow was excellent.  It was completely edible vs some places where all the marrow does not come off the bone.  It was nicely seasoned and the marmalade and bread were also excellent too:  5 Stars.  The octopus was outstanding.  It was way better than recently reviewed Black Hogg in Silverlake (LA).  The octopus was super tender, and the fried chickpeas and chorizo added texture and contrast to the octopus:  5 Stars.  Lastly, the poutine was the star of the evening and the perfectly cooked egg put this dish over the top!  The dish was nice sized, the fries were still crispy, and there wasn't too much gravy (poured on at the table).  This version was way better compared to Animal in LA:  5+++ Stars.To drink, we had the Joseph James lager ($8) and a Speakeasy ($10).  The former is like a Stella (my go to beer), but w/ more malt.  The latter is a Belgian style beer, but not as sweet as some:  5 Stars for both.Nicholas was an awesome bartender!  Not only did he introduce us to some new beers, he was also very knowledgable about the menu.  Lastly, he poured a tequila shot down the finished bone marrow for one patron.  The patron said he really liked it!  - 5 Stars.The ambiance was very nice.  We sat at the bar and enjoyed the view.  The clientele were chill, and there was a whimsical sign by the bathroom:  5 Stars.I will definitely be back the next time I am in Vegas to try more dishes, or have the dishes we enjoyed on this trip.  I would prefer to come here vs the overrated Delmonicos.
4	Good food and beer selection.  Interesting design, certainly a departure from your typical Vegas faire.  Dining room is a bit on the mellow side, but the bar/lounge is fun.  Good place for friends and clients.  You forget it's in the casino/shopping/trade show area.
5	Fantastic food, great vibe, excellent service.
5	Wow, what a great surprise and everything we tried was fantastic.  The menu is upscale comfort food with delicious short rib, poutine, salmon, and lobster mac & cheese.  how does this place only have a 4-star rating on Yelp?The waiter Tommy made some great suggestions and spent a good amount of time finding the perfect burbon cocktail call the Vieux Carre.  Great server and staff.
4	Happened to stop in for a quick drink and ended up having a great lunch at the bar. Had one of the best shrimp cocktails I've had in a while. Bartender "Bozo" was very fun and sociable without invading my quiet, personal lunchtime. Without asking, he read my mind and offered some horseradish for my shrimp cocktail. Perfect service. The location is kind of in a passageway between the Palazzo and the Venetian, yet still felt comfortable enough for a casual bite. I had the pub burger for my main and it was great - giant patty, caramelized onions and delicious toppings that I can't quite remember. The fries were good but a little on the non-crispy side.Their sister restaurant is Holstein's at Cosmopolitan - which is one of my other favorite restaurants in Vegas. To top off my good experience, Bozo had asked where I'm from. I said I'm from Las Vegas. 20% discount for locals!Will definitely stop by again and try more of their menu.
4	Great spot for beers on the strip.
4	Poutine was amazing, french dip was tasty and included a little horseradish. Staff had a great sense of humor.
5	While service at the bar was a bit slow, and two of the bartenders were messing around a bit too much (stay professional people), the food here is ridiculously good. We have tried the wings (topped with blue cheese crumbs and smothered in a really tasty buffalo sauce); the onion rings (these babies were never frozen--it's clear from the taste); the lamb meatball sandwich (the meat was incredibly tender and the sauce was finger licking good); and the burger (cooked perfectly and topped with a great marmalade with a Guinness aioli). Nice atmosphere rounds off this place as a must try when in Vegas.
4	We recently went to public house and had their poutine. It was awesome, however the cheese curds weren't cold like normally great poutine, so I have to knock them on that. The beer selection was good, though a bit overwhelming. We had the Chicken sandwich. I thought it was good however  I could have used more of the spicy sour beer mustard that made me interested in it in the first place. It was barely noticeable. We also ordered the Devils on Horseback. Please get these!!!!! They were amazing. A rich sexy explosion in your mouth. Service was pleasant though a little too jaded. Can't remember her name.
4	The bone marrow is an absolute must-try if you are at all a fan of bone marrow (or you want to be).  Most places that serve roasted bone marrow have issues with the marrow being skimpy or stuck to the bone so you can't get it all.  Public House blanches it first so you get all of it, and it's juicy and generous.  Plus, bacon marmalade.  Sounds gross, I know, but trust me.  It works perfectly with this dish.The Welsh Rarebit is also a requirement.  This is basically cheese toast, but done with such awesome cheeses and herbs that it's a delicious, savory pub appetizer.  Four generous slices.The lunch sandwiches are a great deal, and the Prime Rib French Dip is fabulous.  Meaty, tender, and awesome in every way.  I was sober when I had mine, but it would be perfect hangover food.  The jus provided is actual beef juice and not bullion cubes in water.I highly recommend the $2 onion rings upgrade.  They are battered onion rings and they are crisp and hot, not at all soggy like some places.On another night there I had the Alaskan Halibut dinner entree.  It is not a huge amount of food, but still an excellent portion for $30, and served on top of a small bed of risotto that is delicious.  The halibut is tender and moist, with just the right amount of crisp on top.  Very flavorful.  I will definitely come here again.
4	great food and service (and the decor is clever!) things we liked:- foie gras slider: this is small and expensive but so tasty!! my favorite thing we ordered- poutine: needed a bit more cheese curds but still good - lamb meatballs: good flavor and sauce- truffle mashed potatoes- lobster mac and cheese: pasta was very al dente with huge chunks of lobster other things we ordered that weren't great but still not bad: - seafood platter: fresh but nothing special- steak tartar: a little bland- welsh rarebit: basically soggy cheesy bread but a little plain and flavorless overall a satisfying meal-  would come again for that tiny foie gras slider!
5	Service was quick and efficient!  Our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable with the beer and food selections.I ordered salmon and it was tasty! My boyfriend has steak, and said it's one of the best steaks he has ever had cooked to perfection. I would definitely go back when I visit Vegas again, especially to try some of the beers!
2	This is a short review because we did not even get to eat here. Our group of 12 made a reservation to go have a nice dinner for one of our friends birthdays. When we got there the place looked nice and had a very large beer selection, so I was a fan.BUT.......since the vast majority of our group was there on business the check needed to be split so receipts could be turned in. There were a few couples there, so I think we needed it split 8 ways. We were told that they could only use 3 different card and that the tables could not be split. Our group was sitting at 3 four tops put together, and a long bench seat on one side. I feel like it would have been very easy to split us and still keep us all seated next to each other due to the bench seat.I understand that rules/policies are what they are and are put in place for a reason. However, I think this policy may have been put in place for smaller orders or groups, and it may have been smart for our server to check with a manager before having a group of 12 just walk out the door.Unfortunately we were forced to walk out without getting to try, what seemed to be a nice restaurant.
4	This is a great spot in the Venetian to hangout and taste beer. Great beer selection and the staff is knowledgable about the different varieties. This is not your normal Beer bar as the menu is full of gourmet delights and will expand your taste buds.The goat cheese, pesto, and heirloom tomato salad was fabulous. A burst of flavors in your mouth that were meant to be together. The bone marrow appetizer was delicious, however a bit rich!
3	Short rib was delicious but tuna tartare was salty, lobster Mac n cheese wasn't out of this world, oysters not so fresh and waiter was pretentious.
5	GREAT Place for groups!Pros - - easy to find- great service - polite and very attentive waiters & servers- clean restroomsFood Recommendations: Lobster macAhi tuna public burgerPotato GnocchiGreen Flash IPA
1	Don't order the bone marrow. Despite being appetizer, it will come out long, long after your mains arrive. There's only one little bone, cracked in half. Not really worth the price. The service is kind of cluster fuckish from start to finish. The only saving grace is they understood their cluster fuck and didn't charge us for the beer. The beer. Meh. A decent selection but over priced and small pours. The Pub at Monte Carlo is a way better choice for someone who wants to tuck into a really great, fairly priced beer menu. The flip side, the burgers here are amazingly good.
5	I had the Bone Marrow and the New York Strip. Both were some of the best I've had in thus far. The service and alcohol selection was great.Summary: great food with a great atmosphere.
2	Rude service and SO OVERPRICED (like more than usual).Example: Heirloom tomato salad = 2 small tomatoes chopped into 6 pieces with sauce.  (delicious but for $13 c'mon).Skip the salads as the portions are small.  Burger was fine.  Don't come here. And beer selection is hysterical for a place who thinks they serve unique/craft beers.
4	A pleasant surprise!Its a perfect spot to relax and converse over a drink and an appetizer before you head out to the clubs or in our case a date night to see Rock of Ages in Vegas.We weren't terribly hungry and the show was starting in less than an hour. If you're in the same situation you can order at the bar lounge like we did. Had some wine...shared an outstanding appetizer: Lamb meatballs in this crazy awesomesauce. The meatballs were prefect in size to hold us over until after the show. Highly recommended.And of course its not Vegas unless you include some Tequila in there as well. Two shots please! ;-)Service was excellent. I would definitely come back to eat here. I had a chance to skim the menu and the place seems to have their act together. Cant wait to come back to my favorite town!PeaceP.S. Im kinda surprised by the negative reviews! But to each his/her own...we had a great time.
5	We were at the The Venetian for an event there recently and decided to have lunch here. There was no line and we were seated immediately.For some reason all I wanted to eat the three days I was in Vegas was hamburger and they tout their's as being really good. It is. Big beautiful bun, juicy thick meat, beautifully dressed with lettuce and tomato and I got mine with bacon.Really good. For lunch the following day I decided to try something different. They had a lamb meatball sandwich on the menu. I asked the waiter if it was as good as the burger. He said it was good but not as good as the burger. I ordered it anyway.It was not only good, it was great, and I think I liked it better than the burger. The atmosphere is nice and comfy, not too bright. And the service was first rate.They also serve a lot of different beers.
2	My wife and I decided to eat here as we were staying in the Palazzo and were looking for a good place to have a burger.  The beer selection was also a plus.  The decor was very nice.  Dark wood, nice booths, upscale pub feel.  Service was good.  Our waiter was pleasant and informative.   Food & Drinks - this is where things start going downhill.  The spirits menu is presented in digital form.  That's pretty cool.  I flipped to the Reserve Beer section and spied a Brooklyn Black OPS!  Always wanted to try one so placed the order.  Waiter comes back to the table and says sorry, that one sold out within 10 days of being on the menu.  I'm disappointed, but quickly get over it when I see they also have Firestone Walker Parabola!  One of my favorites - so placed that order next.  Waiter slinks back to the table telling me that it is sold out as well.  Oh well, they still had some other limited bottles and I settled on a FW Sucaba.  So not a total failure, just wish they would keep their menu up to date.   Next, I asked our waiter if the Onion Rings were hand battered and were told that they were.  I ordered the Pub Burger and onion rings.  When the food arrived, I had soggy french fries, but no onion rings.  The server put the dishes down and ran off before I even had a chance to call out the mistake.  Finally flagged down a server and told them about the onion rings.  When then finally came out, they were hot, but weren't anything special.  Also, the Pub burger was a little above average, but was not as good as the one I had over at Buddy V's.  Finally, the water smelled and tasted horrible.  I don't know if they don't filter it or what, but never had a bad water experience at any other restaurant in The Venetian/Palazzo.  This place had all the makings for a memorial visit, but they just failed to execute.  Won't be back for food, but would stop back for a beer - just won't get my hopes up.
5	Very, very good! Great beer selection! Food is out of this world! Jayde frikin rocks!! Service was impeccable!
5	Amazing!  We had the lamb meatballs as an appetizer.  Delicious.  I ordered the Lighter Side Beer Flight, and my husband ordered the Big and Dark Beer Flight.  We both liked all of the beers in our flight, and they were almost 1/2 pint portions of each beer.  Also, one of the beers on each light was a familiar beer.  For dinner, I asked the server to choose for me between the Pub Burger and the Scottish Salmon, and she told me to order the Pub Burger, and add avocado, bacon and a fried egg.  They forgot the bacon, but the burger was, hands down, the best burger I have ever eaten.  I can't imagine it with bacon.  My husband ordered the short rib, and he loved it.My advice: skip the appetizer.  We were stuffed, and I really wish we could have tried the amazing-sounding strawberry shortcake.
3	Service here is kind of awkward. Now to critique the food. It's was actually quite good! I had the salmon and my friend had the scallops- both were great! The salmon was cooked to perfection probably one of the best salmon I've tasted! We also ordered the lobster Mac and cheese  and the steak tartar. The Mac and cheese was delicious one of the best that I've tasted. Yum! Decors here was pretty and intimate.
5	Chris understands how food and drink go together. You will learn something just by watching him mix drinks. Check out the oyster shooters. I think he put 7 or 8 different ingredients in it. Great place if you are alone to eat at the bar.
1	We need not recommend this place if you're looking for any semblance of decent service or for a meal that won't leave you looking for another restaurant 20 mins later because you're still hungry. Seriously, I finished my meal 45 seconds ago and am still sitting at the table and I already googled pizza places upstairs in the food court. Food portions were a literal joke. The foie gras was the size of my thumb (I'm 5'1, and have tiny hands..). The brioche was stale. The gnocchi was flavorless. The scallops were cold. The only decent thing we had was the short rib---but the waiter took the plate FROM the table before we could finish. We complained twice and no one apologized. The manager just noticed I was yelping and he offered us a free dessert...a little too late, buddy! Oh and the check was over $100 for a meal that was not enjoyable in any respect. There are so many fantastic restaurants in Vegas and in the Venetian specifically. Don't waste your time or money here.
3	Great choices, good flavors. Don't depend on the wait staff to point you in the right direction as far as flavors and pairings though. They're very nice, but their descriptors consist of "good," and "really good." Decent beer list, but the wine list is way over priced. For such a selection, I'd like to see wait staff who can really talk about the food and beer.Have the pub burger, it's almost perfect. Skip the welsh rarebit, it's not as traditional as you want it to be.
5	Me and my girlfriend really enjoyed our shopping at Grand Canal Shops and had a great lunch at Public House. The decor was modern and cool and the beer selection was impressive! Our food was delicious and the hostess Alyssa was very welcoming and extremely sweet! A++ service!
4	I have to say, our experience the night my fiance and I went to Public House was a 5 star experience, but I'm giving 4 stars because we have never tried any food there so I can't honestly say it is a 5 star place without trying all it has to offer.Now on to our experience at Public House.The atmosphere is great. Very calm and intimate. I love that. The crowd that comes here is a more mature crowd, so you won't hear any trendy club music or find discount shots.We went here on New Years Eve, one of the Strips busiest nights and Public House was a needed escape from all the crowds and craziness. The menus at the bar are so freaking cool! They give you an electronic tablet that has their entire drink menu programmed on it. From cocktails to spirits to beer. EVERYTHING is there to learn about. You just touch your category and choose from a list. Once you have chosen something, for example a cocktail, it tells you what's in it. If you're not interested, just go back to the previous list.Our bartender was awesome. He was a real friendly knowledgeable guy. This was our one and only visit to Public House and it was well worth it. If we ever find ourselves in Vegas again, we will return for a night of drinking at Public House.
4	Service was amazing, Ashley was very knowledgeable about the menu & guided us through to some yummy options. Huge beer choice!
5	This place is was really great. They offer a lot of great pub food and more esoteric foods. Everything we had was delicious. Really recommend the octopus, poutine, and dessert sampler. The beer selection was also really good.I would definitely come back here. Only downside is the food prices are a tad high. However, knowing that you won't be disappointed with anything makes it easier.
4	A friend recommended this place, so we decided to come here for lunch. It's in the Venetian. Follow the restaurants row sign and its the first restaurant near the casino. It wasn't too crowded when we came and got seated right away. For our appetizer we ordered the Poutine! IT'S SO GOOD. The fries were perfectly crispy, cheese and gravy brought the right amount of saltiness, and the duck on top of all of that.....very delicious. Definitely must try! For my entree, I ordered the Pub Burger. They had said it was a customer favorite. The patty was very well portioned. Big, juicy, and cooked to perfection. It came with some caramelized onions.....and some other things that I don't remember. You could add bacon, avocado, or a fried egg for $2.50 each. I chose bacon...because who wouldn't get bacon. So delicious..The burger also came with fries, but they were a little soggy.You can add a little more $$ and opt out for the onion rings if you don't want fries. I also got to try the Prime Rib French Dip, which was also very delicious. The sandwich had a good amount of prime rib.Very juicy and tender. The horseradish cream is in the sandwich, so if you don't like horseradish, ask for it on the side. This also came with a little bucket of fries. Overall the food was delicious and service was good. The waitress took the time to talk about the dishes she liked and she didn't have a problem splitting our bill evenly 4 ways. The only thing I would complain about is that it is a little pricey.. but then again, it is in the Venetian.
5	Great selection of beers. There poutine was delicious. Laila was awesome. She makes a pretty darn good Old Fashioned with a twist. The Apple Pie drink was good too.
5	Great food. A place to just hang out. Hundreds of beers..Ashley was helpful and knowledgeable.. I would definitely come back...!
1	Very expensive.  No rational reason why except they feel they can get away with it.  They sell Ballast Point Habanero Sculpin IPA which is undrinkable.  Should be taken off tap.  Pass on restaurant.
3	Three stars for Las Vegas. Anyplace else, two or less. Ah, Las Vegas, how you have pretended to embrace great cuisine. But, it is very hit and miss. Buying a big name does not mean that the chef can train a chef to do the same thing in LV. That also means the staff. Oh, boy, do some of the staff in these places need to be working at McD's!!! The bartender that I had was really rude and intrusive. He made a joke about up-selling me to a prohibitively expensive version of my single malt. It was rude, inappropriate and intrusive. The food I ordered was good, but the presentation was awful. The bread was burnt. Answer, "Some people like it like that." I eventually got some, but it was not put on the grill at all. What? A pate plate without a gherkin? "Yeah, some places do that...." Worse thing, a diner was bothering me. I carried on a conversation to be polite. She kept asking for more wine. It was obvious they didn't want to deal with her, maybe a payment thing. She called them over again and asked me to pay for her wine. The bartenders did nothing to protect me or discourage this. I know, it's Las Vegas. But this was supposed to be a better dining experience. They did put one of her drinks on my bill, even though she instructed them to give me her entire bill.  Really "low class".  During the heyday of old LV, the house would have bought her the drink and showed her the door.
4	Came here only for beer on Sunday night...they had plenty of beer to choose from here and the bar was barely full when I got here.  The bartenders were very welcoming and I got to see their beer menu from their iPad!  It's kind of cool although I'm not sure how they update it if one of their kegs gets changed?Even though this place seems very fine dining from the outside looking in, the bar area was very lively in terms of banter and all.  I got recommendations for post work karaoke spots as well as their favorite go-to songs to sing(one of them was Ignition Remix by R. Kelly).  In terms of the beers that I tried, I had a very mild sour beer along with a light hefeweizen and the bartender staff helped tremendously by letting me taste some samples to help me make my decision.Even though I knew that the prices for beer in here would be higher than, say a off-Strip location, I wouldn't mind coming back here to Public House in the Venetian.  It seems fancy from the outside but it really is a comfortable place to relax and have a refreshing cold beer from their many selections.
5	Great service. Great dessert. Great bar food. Amazing beer.
3	Expensive and overrated. Only thing cool about this place is its vast and expansive beer menu in an ipad.foodwise. Nothing is appealing. Not coming back.
5	The pork chop special was pure awesomeness. The other dishes were good... But I can't really remember then... Pork chop was just so good. =)
4	Yes.
4	Great little pub that's located down in restaurant row. Good beer selection (they have two of my favorite stouts - Obsidian and Old Rasputin). Warm and inviting interior. The poutine was ridiculously delicious (add a fried egg). Tasty burger. Overall... nice spot.
2	Sorry, but I'm pretty disappointed with this place. I  expect competent staff for the exorbitant prices charged for the food and alcohol. What good is an extensive selection of highly-appraised food and alcohol on an iPad when the staff has little interest or focus to manage it. Sitting at the bar or at a table, the service sucked. I  get it that people make mistakes, but come on if I  wanted a third rate experience I  sure as hell wouldn't come to the Las Vegas Strip, and of the most expensive hotels on the Las Vegas Strip to find it. This is a pathetic example of everything that is wrong with the Las Vegas union economy today. Shameful.Comment from Ryan L. regarding this review: "You're an idiot, straighten up." and "Stop with the immature reviews." Congratulations, Ryan L., welcome to your fifteen minutes of fame.  As for me, I call it like I see it. Your approval is not needed.
5	Came with a group of 7, they put us in a side room where we could talk   Great beer selection, unique and interesting appetizers. Two of us had steak, came perfectly cooked.   The burgers were awesome. We were not rushed, food was great, beer selection was good and we could have a reasonable normal volume conversation.
5	We had exceptional food, great ambiance, a wonderful waitress, and all for super reasonable prices! Their beer list is as extensive as you would think, and they seem knowledgeable about it, which is an extra plus. It was a simply excellent experience!
5	Beers and Duck Confit Poutine.  Nuff said.
4	I had the short ribs and it was beyond amazing. Very tender and the sides were delish. For desert I had the bread pudding  with pumpkin ice cream and apples. This was definitely my favorite part. The restaurant is easily accessible and the service was great. Two thumbs up.
4	I love Public House this was my second time here. The restaurant is located in the Venetian hotel. Let's keep this simple. Food we ordered all appetizer.Poutine with duck confit and Stout gravy was delish,but it wasn't the best. Make sure to add  a fried egg to it. Lamb Meatballs was awesome. The tomato sugo,and the herb bread crumbs was on point. The lamb meatballs was cook perfectly. Highly recommend.Steak Tartare. This for me was my favorite dish. The tenderloin was super tender. The capers beer mustard dressing was wonderful. What made the dish even more was the perfectly poached egg. That made the dish rich and creamy. Get this dish with the poached egg extra ($2.50).Southern Fried Quail was fantastic. The quail fried perfectly crispy layer and very moist in the inside. Had a lot of great flavor going on.And lastly The Foie Gras Torchon. This one I was a little disappointment with. So past on it. As for the drinks Huge selection of wonderful craft beers. The service was great and helpful. You'll see me around public house again.
1	Disappointing food, small portions, overpriced, could have better service.Been here twice. Was bad on the first try (lunch) and was bad on the second try (dinner). Had the poutine, burger, caesar salad and foie gras for lunch. Meh. Had the rillets, devils on horseback, scallops and pork belly with clams. Meh again. Will not be back. There are way better restaurants at this price point on the strip.
4	Public house was really good. Good food,  good drink and good service and ambiance. Had the full flight, marrow appetizer, and the pork chop which was really good.  Prices were a bit inflated but hey you're in Vegas so it's too be expected. Would go back without hesitation.
4	We had a great huge weding dinner here
4	Moving on Up! Since my last visit we have been here a few times and have really come to like this place.  When we have our stay-cations we have our favorite spots.  This is one we stop often now for a cocktail and an appetizer.  We have had many but we have really come to enjoy the bone marrow!   The last time I was disappointed with the blandness but after trying a few around town this is by far one of the better places for it.  So I recall me not liking it.  The others we have had have always been good and the service has always been good.  The cocktails are well made my man never changes his Johnny Black on the rocks reuse the ice.  I like to try new signature drinks and they have always been hits.  We have tacking friends and family from to of town many times for both cocktails and food.  Service top notch fun scenery and food and drinks a hit with our friends.Thank you for changing my mind. :)
1	What a bad experience! We were just coming along for some nice after marathon Dinner when the wait was 40 minutes. Mike, the MANAGER, was rude and was turning people away left and right. We never had 1 official server. Waiting for the food that takes 30 minutes while everyone is standing around.. NEVER COMING BACK AGAIN!! If i could give no stars I definitely would!
5	A great place to grab a few beers and some snacks. As long as bozo is behind the bar you are in good hands.Must try the bloody mary!!!
3	Oh Vegas, the land of unavoidable overpriced food. 9 months ago, I found myself entering Public House with my girlfriends to grab late lunch after a long night of Vegas shenanigans. 9 months later, the situation hasn't changed much but my previous fond memories of Public House weren't as good as I remembered. The poutine fries with the sour beer gravy, cheese curds, tender pulled duck, and a fried egg on top was still to die for. The cheese curds were so delicious that my friend saved the soft pillows left in our plate for the fries that were coming with her lobster roll. However, that was the only dish that lived up to my memories. Everything else was lackluster at best, must have been the alcohol coursing through my system that skewed my judgment. This time around I got the fisherman's stew. It was too salty for my taste and the fishy seafood taste overpowered the tomato base. Rather than a stew it felt more like an oily sauce that covered soft pieces of sea bass, mussels, shrimp, and lobster. I can't deny that the seafood was cooked nicely and nothing had the texture of a rubber shoe but you're better off going with one of their sandwiches, such as the lobster roll, that's more worth it for the price tag. My friend got the roast chicken hoping that it would blow her away. She even said,"I'm going to be that girl that orders the chicken because at these places you never think it would be good because it's so basic but it will be good!" She quickly retracted her words when she bit into her chicken--edible but bland. Next time, I'll just stick with the poutine and a beer to wash it down.
3	I came here to to the reviews by the Yelpers and I was looking for a brewery.  I'm going to keep short since I'm only giving it 3 stars.The place was dead on a Monday evening, 11/17/14 at 6 pm to be exact.The duck confit fries are OVER rated, too greasy to toooo salty and the $2.50 extra for one fried egg is not worth it.  I say skip this dish.  I did say something but the guyI was recommenced a duck confit pappadelle, which they used the same duck ingredient as the fries...$14 for appetizer size pasta...don;t get it.Oysters on the half shell were fresh.  The $41 rib eye steak was good, but not the $14 asparagus/crab topping that went on it.Lobster mac and cheese was good, only because there were more than 3 pieces of lobster.I was charged for bottled water even though I said tap...I didn't bitch about it because it was in the bottle and my date said it was an unopened bottle.Originally came because of it's a brewery but we only ended up sharing a flight to beer.Service was fine, the steak did look like it was sitting under the lamp because the asparagus/crab topping on there looked dry.Too many places to eat, but this is not a place I would come back to.
4	My party had Thanksgiving meal here. The Turkey dinner was very good. I had a lamb pesto meatball sandwich and it was delicious.  The seafood was also very good. Service was excellent.
3	Mixed review.  My companions liked their lobster roll and lamb meatball sandwiches very much. My steak tar tar was a little over salted. The staff was very friendly but awfully slow in service.  The dessert menu was the highlight.  Dark stout ice cream with caramelized bacon rice crispies and a chocolate covered hard cider marshmallow. It was worth the long slow trip overall I think
4	We tried out the Public House this past week and I thought overall it was a really good restaurant. We took the waiters recommendations for beers based on our liking and they were really good.  We ordered the bone marrow, chicken wings and poutine. The poutine was delicious! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who comes here.  The fries were crispy and seasoned perfectly, the cheese was abundant and salty, the duck was rich and flavorful as well as the gravy they pour table side. The bone marrow was good and the portion was huge but I didn't think it was anything special.  The onion bacon jam they serve with it is stringy which makes it hard to eat.  The chicken wings have really good flavor and are super spicy but ours were soggy (which killed it for me).  We had hopes to continue our dinner with the Devils on Horseback but we were completely stuffed.  Couldn't even finish the delicious poutine. If the prices don't scare you off, I would definitely recommend this restaurant, especially the poutine.
4	The burgers and Bloody Mary's were great.
2	The steak frites are great! However don't order theses food, it was old-very old and had probably been in the fridge for at least a month. Spent $800, service is amazing- hence the 2 stars but food is better at McDonald's :(
5	Wow!! Excellent service and equally delicious food. The spiced cider was refreshing and perfect for the holidays. The shrimp & grits seemed small for the price but was packed with flavor. It had a bit of orange peel flavor that complemented the savory sauce and andouille sausage. The two shrimp were perfectly cooked and shelled all the way to the tail. My husband loved his perfectly cooked pub burger. He was overjoyed with the poutine fries. The best. Our server Arnold took care of us. This is our new favorite place. We'll be back every time we're in Vegas.
4	Located near the Venetian casino, the food and service for dinner on a Saturday night was excellent. We had the rib-eye steak and a hamburger and thought that both were properly cooked and tasty. The waiter was quite cooperative in serving our food in a timely manner so we could make an evening show. We didn't give it 5-stars only because of the atmosphere--not exactly a pub, but not an elegant surroundings. We weren't sure what to make of the popsicle in the ceiling--Art Deco?. The cost is a bit on the pricey side so your expectations may be a bit high. But we would definitely go back there again.
