5	First time at a Winco's, my partner has been to one and due to my skepticism, I went. I went in to look and just get some produce, I ended up buying about 15 bags of groceries, produce, meat, frozen foods and can goods for about $55 dollars. I enjoyed the convenience of shopping at one store for my regular shopping. I go to whole foods, Walmart, Costco and food 4 less at times for their prices. I will be coming back.
5	I was on this side of town and remembered this place was opening and decided to stop by and check it out.I sure am glad I did. I am also glad I had my coupons in my purse!This place is friggen amazing. There are so many neat things here. My favorite is the live bee hives they have. You can dispense your own honey! And its actually pretty cheap. And oh so yummy!!They also have a great bulk food section.I had a full shopping cart and my bill was 70 bucks. Such great prices.I will be at the one in Henderson every week or two doing my shopping since its much closer to me.
2	I work for a demo company for another wholesale distributor. We wear gloves, are not allowed to have ANY jewelry, and wear hair nets constantly. When I went inside of WinCo, however, I was SHOCKED to see that the people giving out samples did not wear gloves, most of the women were wearing earrings, and very few of them had hair nets ons. Not only is that unsanitary, but it's disgusting. Aside from that, the prices are great. Just don't eat the samples.
1	Customer Service was horrible, would assume its from Lack of management! It's just a Giant Food 4 Less. I still recommend Walmart!
4	North Las Vegas residents might say, "It's the biggest one I ever saw...in grocery stores, that is."  The parking lot is as big as its neighbor's -   Target.  It's right off the 215 freeway and Decatur in North Vegas, just north of this new growing sin city suburb. I went on St. Patrick's Day, two weeks after the first day of Grand Opening, and customers were plenty. and plenty happy.  The woman in line ahead of us said that she's probably going to abandon Wal Mart and start coming here. Wal Mart, a few miles from here, so far has been very crowded but maybe that will change..If you like size, variety, and a place to get a walk in while shopping, this box-like store without a membership is for you.  There will be almost 200 employees with new jobs, so that's good.  It's also 92,000 square feet, open 24 hours, is bright inside, and has things you don't find in discount stores, like grind your own peanut butter- though I didn't see that.  There were also bulk pet foods, lots of bulk candies and snacks, and brewed coffee samples next to the 20 or so bulk coffee varieties. On the down side, it's so big you things might be hard to find. I wasn't the only lost shopper, as others paced up and down looking for signs describing the aisle's items. Several minutes later, I found an employee with a list of items and their locations. And, you have to bag your own groceries, so in that sense, it's like a Food 4 less. Beware those shopping carts are giant,big enough to put your St. Bernard in (dogs aren't allowed in the store, though!)So you grab a huge cart, and notice the front door specials are nuts....well, it depends on the week but besides cheap peanuts this week, there were Cheerios for under $2.00, bacon for $2.99 a pound with no limit, and other low priced things like 3 twelve pack of Pepsi products for $10, etc.  It changes weekly.Then you step into the produce department, and find a decently stocked, colorful department including 5 varieties of apples for less than $2 a lb. Honeydew Melons are not much cheaper at 99 cents a pound than other places, though they even had some hard to find things like plums and nectarines from Chile for $2.50 a lb.  Not everything is cheap, but a lot of it is.  We didn't buy any meat today, but there were pretty good prices, definitely cheaper overall that Albertson's but more close to Wal Mart Neighborhood Market. There is also a Smith's a few miles from here, so the shopping choices are good for this hood. Overall, I'm a fan though stores like this hopefully don't get ghetto like most Wal Marts eventually do. When I visit relatives here again this summer when the temperatures are over 100 degrees, I'll be inside getting my exercise while shopping in the cool new store..
3	Yes, the prices on some items are great!  The carts are huge!  And, the day I went it was packed to the rafters with customers!  Upon entering the store there was a child screaming who continued to scream for at least 40 minutes. I was wandering back and forth throughout the store trying to locate items on my list.  This is not an easy thing to accomplish in a store this size, and did I mention I have had both hips replaced with the second one done in December?  I use a cane to help walk and have a knee that also needs to be replaced. So here I am being bumped into, walking from one end of the store to the other, and then I reach the checkout. I had no idea you needed to bag your own groceries!  I wanted to die!  I asked the checker if there wasn't some help available.  No help!  By the time I got home I could barely walk and was exhausted. Will I go back?  Not likely.
4	I am originally from Oregon and they have these stores there. WinCo at the time was my regular grocery shopping spot and I missed it so much when I left! When I heard they were opening one here in Vegas I was ecstatic!! I LOVE this store, the prices are definitely competitive and affordable.The employees are really courteous i've been asked at times just while walking through if they can help me with something and someone is usually very easy to find if no one is in the immediate area. There is a good produce variety, the bulk section rocks, and the meat selection is fabulous and has really good prices! Bottom line if you live in the Northern part of town around 215 and Decatur this place is a must go! I actually make the trip out there from Nellis AFB because I feel like it's worth it haha! i have also told my friends about it and they have now gone and all say the same things. Not to mention it's 24hrs so it fits any schedule!
5	Biggest grocery store I've ever been in.  Probably every single food price was lower than any other store, and dry goods like toothpaste or paper towels were compareable to Walmart. The bulk food bins are incredible - everything from honey and spices to candy and ntus, dog food, popcorn, cake mix, pasta, dried fruit - it is bulk buyer's heaven. They even sell buckets and bottles for you to put your bulk stuff in.They have all kinds of produce, and it is fresh - cilantro, coconuts, berries, lettuces, apples, tomatoes, potatoes, leeks, mushrooms - the whole gamut. Fresh bakery and meat department, seafood, eggs, dairy, frozen foods.I have made this my primary store for once a week shopping.  However, it is a BIG store, crowded, and it takes me 2 hours to do the whole trip. I go to Fresh and Easy for a short trip as this store can wear you out.  You also bag your own things, so you can bring recyclable bags if you choose, or use theirs.  Payment is by cash - debit, chcks, etc, but NO Visa or Master card, so don't think you can pay that way. They also take coupons. Worth a visit even if you have a smaller family because so much you can get in bulk, unlike Costco or Sam's where you buy gallons of ketchup at a time. Highly recommend a try, bring walking shoes and patience. Lots of taste displays and samples, warehouse style wide aisles, worst problem is its popularity!
3	Finally went to Winco (even thought I lost my coupon for free eggs and orange juice).  I thought it was OK.  I found some of the prices to be lower and some to be higher so I don't feel it's really that much of a savings.  Thngs did not seem to be arranged in any  logical manner.  I was not impressed with their produce section.  Things didn't look very fresh.  Now I did like the bulk food bins.  All kinds of things.  Much more extensive than Whole Foods.  I overheard a woman complaining to a store employee  that she couldn't find any kosher food but I am not jewish and wasn't looking myself so this is only heresay.  Bottom line for me......if you live close go shopping there.  But if it's a long drive for you.....forget it.
4	Winco is definitely worth the visit, if you want to save money.  Yes, I can agree, that the bulk food bins are a different, yet unique approach to getting just the amount of rice, dog and cat food, pasta, coffee and other miscellaneous items that you might need.  Large selection of fresh meats, poultry and  I like their limited but great price seafood section.  Their deli has great cuts, and the fried chicken is the best.  Winco also has a bakery, and their produce prices are excellent.  Move over Walmart-you've got competition!
4	I am liking Winco. They have a massive selection of food and other supplies. The prices are great. Cheaper, or at the very least, comparible to prices at Walmart or Smiths. The produce is usually good and fresh. The meat selection is exstensive though I prefer the quality of Albertsons better. One thing is for sure. The staff is almost always friendly. The guy who rang me up today never really said any thing to me but he was just covering for the cashier lady who came back  soon and was talkative. I don't always like bagging my own food but I'll deal with it. Overall, shopping at Winco is not a terrible experience.
5	If heaven was a grocery store (or exists) WinCo is it! My parents kept telling me to go there, because its so cheap yada yada. Finally I checked it out and I was blown away around every corner with the prices, the bulk bins, the sheer size, everything! I am a single 20-something dude, so I shop for one, for two weeks worth of my groceries, i only paid $111!!! AND I didn't have to sacrifice the pretty name brand packaging for ugly generics (don't judge me). Many of the items I would typically buy at Wal~Mart or Food4Less were half the price. Not only am I stoked on the pricing, I feel the general public notices such a difference that everyone is on an endorphin high. Usually at a grocery store every one has permanent game face on and so help you if you walk in front of them while they're grabbing bread crumbs! Everyone shopping here was in a good mood, was speaking to each other, joking in the aisles and just being human. So refreshing. I hope they open more locations as the two they currently have are very much out of the way. While they do not accept credit cards, they do take debit.
4	Huge selection of stuff! I really like their weekly deals that they put in the front. Such as 98 cents for a loaf of bread! However, the specials do change from store to store and day to day, so if you see a good deal, you had better get it before it's gone. The food in the deli area is pretty tasty as well.
2	Yes their are some good deals. No they are not great. The employees are morons who know nothing more then their names and their purpose in life ...... To act stupid. The deli meat is actually worse then wal marts. Everything is pre sliced and bad bad quality. It's like a giant food 4 less and that's no compliment. I did however give them 2 stars because the bulk section is pretty cool.
4	Love this store!  Yes it can get overly crowded and sometimes you run into "bad" produce, but I have had that happen at Smith's, Food 4 Less etc.  Prices are exceptional and I rarely have to use coupons to stay within budget.  Ground turkey is consistently cheaper here as is the frozen chicken breasts.  They also carry "specialty" items in their bakery area.  Pretzel slider buns was the main item that caught my eye.  Their dairy products (string cheese, Laughing Cow, yogurt) also are lower in price than other area stores.  Best part?  They always have what I am looking for in stock!  Living in NLV, this can be a challenge to say the least at other grocery stores.  Definitely a winner in my book!
1	Wow.. Where to start... Absolutely worst experience from any store.. Horrible customer service, cashiers are very VERY rude and disrespectful!!  I talked to the store manager and he was even rude! I don't know what is wrong with the employees at winco but they definitely  need to change the way they treat their customers... Now as for the store itself the prices are low but when you think about it Walmart will match any price, so there is a 2nd strike for winco. Nothing positive from them at all.. The final reason I will never be entering that store again, I was grabbing a 12pk of their shasta soda but on top of it was an ice cram bucket.. As I picked it up to move it, it spilled out all over the product and on my shoes/pants, I was very irritated, the ice cream must have been their for 3hours or more since it was a warm liquid, I asked someone to help me clean it up and they walked away didn't say a word... Ohhh I was pissed but I knew talking to someone else would just be another headache.. So I walked out of the store as fast as I could  and will never be returning to this poorly managed company..
5	I loved it! The place is huge with a wonderful variety of stuff. What makes me even happier tho are their prices.Really cucumbers for 30cents. Im there! Alot of their dry ingredients (beans, rice & nuts) are per pound so you can get exactly how much of a certain product you want and need. They have hands down the absolute best priced produce in town. I personally haven't seen fresh produce priced the way it is anywhere else except for Winco. They have a large variety too that often mimics some of the higher end stores like Whole foods in variety. This store is a cross between a Costco and a Smiths.As of now it ranks with fresh and easy as one of my go-to grocery stores!
4	I am so happy this grocery store opened in my part of town!  It has everything- and fantastic prices.  The produce selection is impressive, and fresh, and I feel the same way about the meats.  My favorite section is the barrels and containers in the back, where you can weigh out everything from coffee to nuts to grains and cereal to spices.  It is a cash or debit only store. Beer and wine prices are comparable to other stores- and liquor is kept in a separate area in front of the registers.
4	I visited the store for the first time last week. The selections and aisles are huge. Way better experience than Walmart or other stores. I loved the variety of brands available. The prices were very competitive and I will be making this store a part of my shopping visits from now on.
5	I typically like to grocery shop close to home. I really don't like to travel far for groceries unless I thought it was worth it. Winco is awesome and it is open 24 hours! These are a few reasons why I love Winco. 1. I'm always experimenting with recipes so if I need a spice I don't have I'm not forced to by the whole thing. If I only want a teaspoon it would be possible in their spice section. They charge by the ounce. 2. The food is cheap! Fore example I found medium sized ground beef packets for 99 cents. Containers of strawberries $1.45 instead of 2 for $5.00. Pita bread ( fluffy kind) 99 cents. It lasted longer then the one I bought from Whole Foods that went bad in under a week. 3. You can get the food cheaper because they do take coupons.  4. I haven't tried this yet but you can make your own peanut butter.It may be out of the way but it is worth the trip! Please make sure you either bring a debit card or cash because they don't take credit cards.
2	They have the WORST customer service i have ever experienced in such a large grocery store. I thought maybe it was maybe my first few times there but it gets worse every time. Everyone from the front end to the people working throughout the store seem angry to have a job. I don't see how such a large company could not care about the treatment to customers. I thought Walmart was not so great with their customer service but in comparison they shine. Tonight when i checked out the young man at check out did not look at me or my child, said nothing and not even a thank you or have a good night but not the first time. I could only imagine the management team lol. As i only live a half a mile away, i would advise my friends and family to steer clear of this place unless they want to be treating like dirt!!!!!!
5	First time at a WinCo today -- and LOVED it. I was blown away by the prices, the variety, the ease of access to everything I needed. The store was so much fun to explore -- and I never even made it to the non-food items. My husband was shocked at the amount of groceries I brought home for 120 dollars. My daughter loved it too -- especially the bulk barrel section. It was nice to tell her she could try everything she wanted, since for just a little baggie of something, it was about a dollar or less for what she was asking for. She had a great time learning, exploring, bagging and weighing the items herself. My daughter also helped me bag the groceries at the end, and she loved that, too! You know how kids are! I actually like knowing that the expectation is for us to bag our own groceries. So many times at other stores I get mixed messages about their bagging protocol -- am I supposed to wait for the bagger? Should I reach across and do it myself? Awk-waaard... Plus, for the low prices on great items, many name brands, too -- I am totally fine with bagging, especially since the cashier was so friendly. Oh, and I was able to use my Visa Debit card.I must say I had a perfect grocery-shopping experience today and I feel so great that my kitchen is well stocked for cheap!P.S. I also overheard an employee mention to someone else that he really likes working there, and the employee benefits are better than other grocery stores he has worked at. :)
4	My first time in Winco this weekend.  I only needed a few items but I had time to kill so I went down most of the aisles.  They had a good selection of fruits and veggies at reasonable prices.  I really like the bulk bin section.  If nothing else this is worth a trip.  I am a huge fan of Jelly Bellies and it was a nice surprise to be able to just buy the couple flavors I wanted at a fair per pound price.  Don't see that too often.  They also have granola, grain, coffee and other items in the bulk section.   Lots of choices in the prepared food section as well, sandwiches, pizza, chicken.  I appreciate the wide aisles and I don't mind using my debit card or bagging my own groceries if it saves me some cash.
4	Was turned onto this place by a friend. When I first walked into the door I immediately thought, Food 4 Less! lol! I hate Food 4 Less! The first place you hit is the produce section and it was fairly decent. Lots of great choices and prices. Still wasn't impressed. By the time I made it to the bulk food section, I was a fan. Lots of choices on food you can bag and purchase in the amounts you see fit. Everything from sugar to cheese puffs, I can see this section working best for those on a budget or those only needing a small amount of something rather than buying an entire bag.Then I made my way to the deli. Awesome! They have deep dish and french bread pizzas made fresh for you to take home and bake, and much cheaper than those you'd find at your popular grocery stores. The dairy section was large and had awesome deals on cheese. The meat section was huge, but I only skated by being vegetarian. But for you meat eaters, this place could be your Mecca! :)I then walked over to the frozen food section, expecting to be disappointed in the vegetarian selection as I am at Food 4 Less and they had an entire two freezers dedicated to it. Score! They even had bulk boxes of Morningstar Farms and Boca burgers. Shaweet!Long story short is that this place is worth the visit. Awesome prices and huge selections. It's not like Food 4 Less at all. Actually, it's kinda like Food 4 Less and Sam's Club had a baby, and out came Winco - Bulk foods at cheap prices, but regular selections as well if you're not into bulk. You bag your own groceries like Food 4 Less, so be prepared. Only downfall is that the nearest one to me is a good 20 minutes away from Summerlin. Need to open more stores.
4	Checked this place out. Awesome. Huge grocery store. Many varieties of products. Great prices. Finally found sausage ravioli here. No one else has them in the city. Would be my everyday grocery store if it wasn't so far away. Would get five stars, but they don't take credit cards :(
5	No frills shopping, crazy cheap, awesome bulk goods section, great quality.If a smiths had a three way with a costco and a smart and final, then had a baby, the offspring would be winco.It's employee owned, so they have a lot of pride in their store.The highlights are a costco like large bulk section, a huge produce section.  Amazing section for bulk cereal, chocolate, coffee, peanut butter, honey, nuts, soup mix, whatever you can think of, it's truly ridiculous, you have to see it.Then they have all manners of cheap diet sodas and energy drinks.Their meat section is spectacular.You never have to wait more than a minute in line.The best part is after you bag your groceries and look at you receipt, and it's like 25% cheaper than anywhere else in town
2	I used to like WinCo. I used to go to it all the time for my grocery needs. Then like a cheap hooker, she abruptly betrayed me. All the certified organic food was gone. *Poof*. It was gone. Overnight. No longer there. I might have seen a handful of products (Red Mill's, some basil maybe) in the whole fucking store (and it is a big one) that was certified organic. Serious? Alright. Have not been back since. Maybe the people that patronise this establishment are not apt to purpose certified organic. Maybe they want GMOs and pinky slime in their 'food'. Hard to believe they cannot see organic these days with even Smith's featuring a growing selection of organic; Fresh & Easy practically offering everything, including but not limited to fucking chocolate bars and fresh cookies from their bakery, as organic. The Peanut Butter, pressed from the machine was very good, certified organic or otherwise, so I'll give them an extra star for that. And they give you small discounts (5 cents?) for bringing reusable bags, but that is not enough for an extra star because I cannot buy anything there now they have seemingly thrown all of their chips into out-WalMarting-WalMart with their cheap-as-it-gets, forget-everyone-else-who-would-like-QUALITY-over-penny-savings model. - E
2	The parking structure I don't like. But that's like most the casinos. Some food is pretty dirt cheap & others aren't so cheap. They fool you by putting up other store prices but don't put the store's sale prices. I'm a super saver shopper so I know. The store feels cheap inside like Food4Less. Also they don't take credit cards. I really don't like that because I get 5% cash back on grocery with my credit cards. They take cash, debit & ebt.
3	Today I decided to go to Winco to try and get some canned foods to donate to a local charity. I had not been back to this location since April 2012. Last time visited the location they refused to take my coupons, even though it is their policy. After that frustrating experience I headed out to my car with my cart, were I was literally stopped dead in my tracks. Part of the parking lot had the cart stoppers, so you can't take your cart to your car. You have to carry your bags and leave your cart in the middle of the road or move your car and cart. And if you are by yourself this is so hard! My stomach hurt really bad from the cart slamming into it. When I went into Winco to tell them they should really do something about this, because people will get hurt they said their was nothing the store could do and that I needed to contact corporate. I did that and all they said was they would look into it. Today I parked on the opposite side of the parking lot to avoid that situation again.Today however, the items I was looking for, for thanksgiving had all been moved off their regular shelf and moved to the end caps. I had to search for the items I wanted and the employees had no idea where the items were. With a busy store in preparation for the holidays this is not good. Leave the items on the shelf's. Add extra to the end caps and make sure your employees know where the items are.
3	Its a very nice big store and good prices but their outside security is not so good mostly at night . Be careful when alone ,its dark and no security around if something goes on out there no one will hear or see if late . Bad bad lighting needs more light
3	5 stars for price.3 stars for cleanliness1 star for layout...odd aisles, difficult to navigate...feels overwhelming. I keep going if that says anything. :)
3	Weird lay out but very good on prices. Great bulk items and decent selection. However, they don't take credit cards so that is a huge deal breaker for me. I'll just go to one of the four grocery stores on the same block instead.
4	This place is incredible! The store is very large inside and extremely clean. The produce section is pretty extensive for a discount grocery story. Yucca, cactus, horseradish. Although the greens were a little wilty they did carry a large variety from chard, kale, various greens, etc. This is the reason I didn't go 5 stars but I will say the prices can not be beat!Oranges $.32 a lbs seems to be the cheapest in the valley. So were a lot of the other fruits and vegetables although not much in the way of organic.They have an incredibly large bulk section for those of you who have lots of mouths to feed nothing say staying in budget then buying in bulk and a huge variety from grains to candy to cereals. I only went in for fruit no flesh of any kind over these 2 weeks. Oh strawberries juicy sweet 2lbs $1.88 cha-ching.Last but not least they carry a variety of non dairy products mostly silk but coconut milk $2.58!?!?! There is no where in the valley cheaper. Now I don't care for original sweet I prefer no sugar added and So delicious is my brand of choice but again for the price you can't beat it.I cruised through the store looking at other items and I can say beer and wine are fairly priced the wine selection is of the drinkable variety not the selective variety but Cupcake under $9 a bottle, 12 pack of Negra Modelo less than $12 I think these are very competitive prices. Now you do have to bag your own groceries so moms take the kids because nothing says family bonding time like bagging groceries. Plus your husband needs an activity to manage :)Bottom line if you haven't been to Winco I advise everyone in the valley to go at least once to see what food prices at a quality grocery store could and should be. Walmart step up your game and get competitive!Fyi my mom informs me that if the greens are wilted they will go in the back and bring out fresher. Also no credit cards accepted...debt cards only.
4	My first time through...initial thoughts were Food 4 Less...not a good thing lolBut I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the prices on the fruit and produce, and the quality looked more fresh than the Albertsons near the house.I like their cheese selection here, and the prices seemed almost half price compared to other places in town on the better selection stuff.Only complaint I could find to give, like others mentioned, is the layout of the store.  I kept running in circles looking for things, but after a few go's I should have it down.I might start shopping here more often :)
3	This was my first time to Winco. I was impressed with the variety of fresh produce, which seemed to be as good as the produce at the local grocery store, at somewhat lower prices. The place is set up like a low-rent warehouse club, but no membership is required and they give you bags and take credit & debit. Thank goodness. The staff were friendly. It wasn't a bad shopping experience with narrow aisles, too many people and exceedingly long lines - at least on the early Sunday afternoon that I visited.I found the place to be clean and organized, and if it were closer to my home I'd definitely go there regularly, at least for produce.
5	I wish I could get married here.
4	Worth the drive! I drive 30 minutes each way to get here (I'm exactly in the middle of the North Las Vegas location and the Henderson location). 1. I feed my family of 3 healthy, balanced meals on $350 a month in groceries here. 2. The staff is amazing. This may have a lot to do with the employee owned aspect and a feeling of pride. As opposed to other chain grocery stores, employees will stop what they are doing and help you find something if you even look confused. 3. They will open a new checkout lane if there are more than 2 or 3 people in line. Longest I ever waited in line was 5 minutes. 4. Their social media team is hilarious and personally answers every post or comment on facebook and twitter. 5. They don't take credit cards, which isn't a problem for me. As someone with experience in the card banking field and currently works in retail, I know the huge cost accepting credit cards incur. WinCo's mission is to save you money which means you have to sacrifice somewhere. Credit card companies can charge the merchant 1%-3% per transaction. I'd rather save that 3% on my groceries. They do take debit cards, though. Another money saving tactic is you will bag your own groceries. 6. They are very truthful in pricing. Many grocery stores will charge the same price for a frozen cheese pizza as a frozen supreme pizza in the same brand. At WinCo, you will pay slightly less for the cheese pizza.7. COUPONS! Their website offers amazing weekly deals you can print right off of your computer. A few people mentioned the layout of the store as a negative. However, they follow the model of shopping on the outside edges. The fresh produce, bulk items, dairy, deli/meat section, frozen section, and bakery wrap around the edges of the store with non perishables in the middle. It took me 3 trips to have the layout mastered. Now, you can print off maps from their site as well if you want to preplan your trip.
4	I am happy that they opened Winco so close to my house. I enjoy shopping here on occasion because they offer so many bulk items and their price points are good on their featured products. Winco is open 24 hours but if you go after 10-11pm they close down some of the isles for cleaning, stocking, and maintenance so, if that is something that would bother you, don't go past 10pm.
5	I am very thankful to have Winco here in Las Vegas! I have another home in northern ca. And the prices are unbelievably high. A loaf of whole grain bread cost me $4.99 in ca. Same bread $2.00 at Winco. I bought a can of pork and beans at Safeway and paid 1.79 it was discounted because it had dent in can. Same can no dent at Winco 33cents. I study the sale sheets a pretty much have the super market game figured out. All in all Winco is the better market for prices and service! Thank You Winco!
5	Plan to spend up to 2 hours your first time there to get to know where everything is located.  Once you hit the bulk food area that is what took the most time for me.  Bulk area had very affordable dog treats, candy, nuts, spices and serve your own peanut butter.  Produce is hit or miss.  Bring cash or debit and you bag your own groceries.  Love this store.
5	What a pleasure to shop in a grocery store where the employees greet you in the aisles, they ask if you need help and they say thank you when you leave.  On top of that, the prices are great....maybe not on every single thing, but believe me, they are great on a LOT of items.  LOVE the bulk food section.....M&M's, raw almonds, you name it......and at decent prices too.  Was not happy with the steak but big deal we're not supposed to eat that much red meat anyway.  Who ever was the person that thought of putting stalls to return the shopping carts every 5 parking places was a genius.....so convenient and means no stray carts.....except for the ones those lazy people leave....really every 5 spaces.....not that far to walk!!!  All in all a great place to get great bargains with employees who really care!!!!
3	WinCo is not a convenient drive for me. At all. There are two locations in Vegas. One in the deep trenches of Henderson and one on the outskirts of North Las Vegas.WinCo is massive. Seriously, a really large grocery store. They have aisles upon aisles. The savings are huge for nearly every section, except produce and household cleaning objects.The real savings can be found in their bulk bins. Candies, soup mixes, snacks, flours, and so and so on. There is not a lot of selection for specialty or imported foods (gluten-free, vegan, ethnic, etc.)I've only been to the store late at night on the weekend, it's one of my favorite things to do with one of my best mom-friends. The aisles are usually full of boxes and there are a million people stocking the shelves and a bunch of patrons hunting for deals.You bag your own groceries, which slows things down at the register, especially because people have carts that are literally overflowing and there are only 2 registers opened at a time. As a single lady, it's not worth the drive or the frustration or the line waits! For those shopping for families and on a budget, this place is a must.
4	This is one of the better grocery shopping experiences I have had lately. The prices are as good or better than the competitors. The layout of the store is conducive to shopping and the produce is always fresh. The bulk food section is huge with a wide variety of items, including pet food. They also have a good selecion of beer, spirits and non-alcoholic beverages. The fresh bakery and meat counter are an added bonus. Shop in the morning and enjoy free samples of coffee. The frozen food section is bigger than most and offers a large variety. You have to bag your own groceries and they do not accept credit cards. You have to pay with good old fashioned cash, debit or EBT.
5	Love this place! Employees are easy to find just gotta get used to the layout of the store!  Cheap on normal items, but don't buy batteries, or toiletries unless you want to pay a little more here.
4	Just like my Costco review, these guys have their advantages and disadvantages.The first obvious advantage is that they are 24 hours. So if you run out of eggs or milk at 2 in the morning or if you're craving weird things like pickles and ice cream, this is your place. Yes I know there are plenty of 24 hour Smith's around every corner, but this place has 100 more times what they carry so what your are looking for should be here.Another is various selections of nuts, candy, beans, etc that they have in big canisters not to mention all the different coffee beans you can grind on your own. You cant get that at Costco or Smith's. Now the disadvantages are that they take debit or cash only. Sometimes they only have 1 or 2 registers open. Only when there is a long line is that they call for reinforcements. Also, the last time I was here at 1 in the morning, I don't remember seeing a security guard. I mean, those were odd hours and any number of weird things can happen. So a security guard would be nice to see right?Overall, I shop here and at Costco for various reasons, which equals to both places having the same 4 star rating.
1	I really hate this place. It reminds me of a costco or a shitter version of walmart. Its really industrial and sterile and the food quality isn't the best. The produce isn't bad  if you know what your doing . The meat is another story . Its real low quality stuff . And the seafood is inedible. ITs old and smelly half the time. The redeeming feature of this big box of horrors is the bulk bins. Think of a dry good and you'll find it here. Beans , different kids of sugars , and flours , snack food seeds.Literally any dry good you could want is here.  i hate tihs place but the bulk bins ... they save it and keep me coming ... god damn my love of baking
4	PROS: Prices are way cheaper than regular Walmart, Smiths, etc. Useful, cheap non-food items in front; usually relating to nearest holiday. Also, more non foods in the back left, in front of freezer section. Great bulk food section (especially candy). Fresh produce section. Reasonable selection of alcohol at good prices!There is self-checkout, and regular checkout is double-laned per cashier. CONS: Sometimes there are certain meats that aren't high quality.Specific info: Remember they don't take credit card, only debit&cash.
4	I'll start with the bad part, bagging your own food and feeling rushed because they have 2 belts but move so fast sometimes they have a 3rd order ringing before you're done. Now for the good! It's the cheapest place in town!!!!! They have everything you could image and then some. To top it off, they told me to go get a free turkey because they were running a special. Even though I didn't know about it and was being checked out they waited nicely for me to run back and get one.
3	Great prices, tough competition for Walmart or Smiths. I just don't like that you have to bag your own groceries. Yes I know it's to cut costs but sometimes it's difficult to take care of the kids and bag all your groceries at the same time. Best if you take someone along with you to help. It also gets points for the bulk section. Genius.
5	Instead of having to go three different places for everything this is definitely a one stop shop for all of my grocery needs. The choice of meat is impeccable and reasonably priced.The buy by the ounce option is a great way to not have to buy more than you want too. This is a great store!
5	I love this store great prices  :) Not like costco no need for a membership . Just walkin and shop !!! The best is you can check-out quick without waiting on long lines .
3	I've heard from some people they love this store and it's a cross between Fresh and Easy and something like Sprouts which sounds like a great thing. Eh. Not at all. It reminds me of Food 4 Less...in the early 90's. I don't like when you enter it's this long hallway of various stuff....from cereal to laundry soap to canned food. Some of the aisles are the same kind of odd merchandising. One aisle was stuff like food on one side, and then gift wrap on the other. Since the aisle are parallel to the door, you kind have to go in a circle to look down aisles. I had other stuff to buy that would be on shelves and I didn't even bother to go look since I hated the layout so much.The bulk bins seem like a nic variety of stuff and I've never seen a bulk honey, agave, oils, and balsamic vinegar dispenser anywhere else. They also had a grinder for fresh peanut butter. Bulk whole coffee beans as well. The produce looked okay, but I didn't really find organic as much as I hoped for. I can't really comment on the meat quality, it seemed like any other grocery store by the looks though.Checkout is theres a cashier, but they don't bag for you, that's DIY. I like that this is a employee owned company and tend to like to support places that have good treatment of their workers, but I am just not feeling this store.
3	Winco is okay. I don't touch the bulk food items because I've seen people actually reach into the barrels with their hands. They have a decent selection if food but rarely have arrowhead water. Always busy and I hate bagging my own food. I would rather pay a few more cents per item yo have my food bagged for me
4	Loved this store I passed by stop to check it out great prices very clean and they have very fresh fruits and vegetables definitely going to continue shopping there
1	They're lucky they're even getting one star!!!!! I am fed up with having faith that this place will carry some decent coconut, but every time I buy one and crack it open the coconut meat is moldy ! C'mon on now! Coconuts aren't cheap! Check the coconuts! Also, they don't accept credit card! Had to leave my stuff behind because that's all I had was a credit card! Oh and the staff there look so depressed.
3	they have good prices but for 6 months I was in wheelchair. and you can't leave store with wheelchair so I went to another store
1	I am writing this because I want people to know the truth about this company. I began working for Winco as a stocker at this location when it first opened. I was there for almost 7 months. I decided to start a new career and my plans wereTo grow here and move my way up the ladder. I wanted to work here because they claim that employees are owners of the company. To become an owner you have to accumulate hours and as your hours go up, they begin to place money into an account for you. Something like a 401K. It doesn't start for about a year after you've been there but you must earn and maintain hours in order for it to happen. I was averaging about 50 hours per week. I did great work and surpassed many other younger employees. I am well experienced in many industries and intelligent. I applied for a higher position and I came in 2nd to someone that had been with the company for a very long time. The manager even asked me to reapply when the next position became available because he liked my attitude and work ethic. After about 3 months, my insurance kicked in. My wife and I hadn't been to the doctor in awhile and when my wife went, she was diagnosed with Breast Cancer. After about a month after the insurance started, everyone's hours started getting cut. I was down to about 15 hours a week. If you don't maintain at least 20 hours a week you lose your insurance which I couldn't afford to let happen. You also have no chance of ever becoming an "Owner" at this rate and you can't afford to live on such little money. Many of these people working there couldn't pay their bills because they weren't working enough. You couldn't even afford to shop there, even at their cheap prices. I was very concerned about my wife's health and I didn't want to lose our insurance. All I wanted to do was work. I spoke to the manager and told him the situation and he did nothing. Everyone's hours were cut even more. I had to quit Winco and I went onto COBRA to keep my insurance. This company truly cares nothing about their employees well being but they will make it sound like they do in the beginning. Their philosophy is to get everything can out of you in as little time as possible by working you like a dog and then not work you for days at a time. Winco treats their people like their shit. I have been around for along time and have worked for some of the biggest corporations and this was the worst one ever. I seriously considered going to Channel 13 News but I had more important things to deal with then. I believe in Karma anyway. It has been over a year and my wife is doing well. Thank God
4	I love WinCo! They have a lot of foods that you can buy in bulk. It's like a Costco or Sam's Club buuut 24/7 AND without a membership. It's cheaper than other grocery stores, and they also have a lot of different selections. For example, they have a pretty big selection of different types of ice cream as well as a lot of different types of candy! (I know, I'm a big kid at heart with all of the love I have for junk food lol)If I love this place so much, why am I giving it only five stars?.. Well, simply because their staff here aren't the happiest people on the planet. They're not that helpful and they have a lot of attitude when you do ask them for help.Biggest tip when you go to this place? Shop but avoid the staff as much as possible.
5	Love this store. They carry everything under the planet and if u bring reusable bags, it makes it super easy on you.
5	Winco's bulk food section Is awesome!! I am always experimenting trying to make healthier versions of my favorite desserts & baked goods and I like that they have a nice selection of healthier flours such as spelt, coconut, almond, gluten free, etc... So much cheaper than Whole Foods plus I can buy as little or as much as I want. Prices throughout the store vary, some are cheaper than other places while others are not.
5	Great prices on everything! I love Cub Foods in Denver and Colorado, so, this was like GOING HOME AGAIN! Same products in same place too. Love the bins!
4	Winco is an awesome place to find d deals and get food that you like a little cheaper than the rest! Products are good you just have to work a little for it but that's a given. I have no problem bagging my own groceries if it saves me  money than im all for it! I like that you can get a lot of household pantry items in bulk and you can get peanut and almond butter fresh! ! That and also honey,  awesome!! Workers were friendly and the store itself is clean and they carry butter butter wafers!! If you don't know what those are go to winco because they are the only ones that ive seem carry them and give them a try, they are great lol! I will definitely come back to winco!
4	Winco is the winning company for food value. It is a winning company that dates back to 1967 when Ralph Ward and Bud Williams founded Waremart Foods (sound familiar). Ralph and Bud were visionaries. Their vision was a supermarket chain retailing food in gigantic stores at low prices. Their vision was over and above certain competitors including one on the other side of the 215. Instead of the shortsighted vision of using people by paying them so little and asking for so much, Ralph and Bud reached out to their employees. What certain companies call labor, Ralph and Bud called shareholders. In 1985, Waremart became an employre-owned company. Employee-owners became involved in their company. One of the decisions they made was in 1999 when they renamed Waremart to Winco. Winco would stand for Winning Company and the original states they operated in: W=Washington, I=Idaho, N=Nevada, C=California,  and O=Oregon. Eventually Winco would grow to 93 stores that now include Arizona and Texas. The stores now average in the ballpark of 85,000 square feet.  The vision statement of Winco is charging the lowest prices. When I shop at Winco, I shop in a no-frills environment. It is something that I accept to get value. I cannot pay by credit card. Winco accepts cash and debit card. Overhead music is the pipes and fans. At Winco, I bag my own groceries. And at Winco, I could wait on a long line because there are only a couple of employee-owner cashiers.  This very Winco is off Decatur Boulevard, immediately south of the 215 exit in North Las Vegas. It is a similar location to the Henderson Winco which is off Stephanie Street immediately north of the 215. The Winco strategy is to build a few stores in a city instead of flooding every 5 mile market area. The Winco strategy utilities very little advertising. Again, this goes to saving money. The people drive a distance to powershop at Winco.  The neat thing about this Winco is it is 24-7stop shopping. At the north end of their clean parking lot is Target. The way I see it is that on a nice day, people could park their vehicle, then walk to Target for the pharmacy and general merchandise. Then they could shop in Winco for the food and consumables.   The thing that impresses me about Winco is that it is clean and surprisingly upbeat. Food 4 Less, a smaller competitor is dingy and unappealing to spend time in. From the moment that I walk into The Wall of Fame, where Winco showcases the best deals; I enter a bright and clean store with bright white exterior walls. The layout is different with long horizontal aisles in place of small vertical aisles. But the aisles are wide and the shelves aren't too high up. Unlike certain superretailers this is an enjoyable place to shop.  For the most part, Winco is the bomb for pricing. A couple of examples. Birds Eye stir fry dinner which is $3.78 at Walmart was $2.98 here. Sunkist Strawberry soda was 98 cents. Cheeto's which is currently $2.59 at Walmart is $1.78 here. And Campbell's Select Italian Wedding Soup which is $1.98 at Walmart was $1.48 here. Winco is at least 85,000 square feet featuring great bargains. And the best part was zero out of stocks.   Winco is a winning company for food value. I rate this Winco a winning four stars.
1	Not fond of this place what so ever. Rude staff, packed and for what reason? Nothing is really organized. Random things in random places. It's a cheap store which is good... But I'd rather go to Costco. The one thing I like (the reason for only one star) is their bulk section. (chocolate covered gummy bears) My friends also went there and weren't fond of the place what so ever, and also compared it to costco. Just go to costco. seriously lol.
5	Some of, if not the best prices in town on meat,.liquor, produce and groceries. They constantly comparison shop to beat others prices. A lot of variety, always clean and well stocked. 24 hours and right off the 215, what else could you want? This is my staple grocery store.
5	I love Winco and the employee's are great.  Skye and Bobbi are my favorite and sooo nice.  Keep up the great work.
4	I normally would always give winco a 5 star review.....but... The pre packaged chub of ground beef tastes funny. I've tried it as a hamburger, taco meat, pasta sauce everything and no matter what u put it in, it tastes......off, also it tends to be mushy. So I'll continue to buy most produce and absolutely the coffee (I love their coffee) but meats (other than the frozen chicken and salmon) are out.
5	I love this place the staff is friendly and helpful to me. you can't beat the price and its very close to my house
5	Our family loves this place.  I try to go  here for all of our food needs but sometimes I cheat and go to Wally world.  I enjoy seeking out new things to try in the bulk food section especially the dried fruits and mixed nuts are great and healthy snacks for adults and children alike.  The produce area has tons of variety of fruits and vegetables and if you have any questions the staff is always very friendly and will let you sample if you question the quality.  My one recommendation is to not go here in the early part of the month.  The store is extremely busy and the lines are extremely long because of the overloaded shopping carts.  The rest of the month the store is manageable.  Oh yeah this place is employee owned so the team members are more willing to help you to ensure you find what you need. At least that has been my experience.
5	Parking lot and cart returns are plenty and the pricing are competing against Costco and Wal-Mart. Open 24 hours as I came here at 12am. Isles are spacious and the selection of products are good.  It is worth the trip.
5	I just had the most stress-free pre-Thanksgiving shopping trip ever! Due to several commitments, my boyfriend and I found ourselves grocery shopping for Thanksgiving dinner at 10:00 pm. My first instinct was to head to Wal-mart to "save money," but then I remembered at Win-co I could literally purchase the 1 c of sugar or 2 c of flour I needed without purchasing extra I would never use. I am so glad I did! The employees were pleasant as always, there weren't rude crowds, they had everything I needed, and I didn't have to wait in line to check out. It was amazing! Best of all, I picked up a few extras and still came in far under budget. Color me thankful for Win-co!
5	Top place to get your groceries in Las Vegas. Good prices with price comparisons of other local stores right on the tags. You have to bag your own groceries, but I prefer that anyways. And for the money you're saving, who cares about a little extra work! Shop WinCo and save!
5	The staff is always friendly, and the store is always neat. I asked about organic bananas last occasion I was there and a young man went to the back and retrieved a fresh new box of organic bananas and opened them for me. I especially love the variety of bulk including rice flours/almond/coconut and the nuts. I even get bird seed for the backyard birds here!
