4	Best place for lunch. for $8.95 you get soup,salad, large plate of your choice of rolls and a dessert. Service is great
5	Great selection of rolls and very tasty!!!Great saki. Awesome service.Nice atmosphere.Finally, quite possibley the best Ahi tataki I've EVER had!!! If you love Ahi then get it while you can and make sure you get it here!
4	Finally found A GOOD sushi restaurant in my area! we decided to try this place after going to some awful sushi restaurants  in the Gilbert area!  I don't like chains like RA.............And I am a bit spoiled to good sushi since I used live in NY/ NJ area and it had been a bit hard to find a place that actually had good and fresh fish!  until I went to Masa. their service is very good, their Happy Hour is awesome!  they always include soup, salad and dessert with your meal during happy hour.
4	This place was definitely a surprise. I'm from LA and had to move here. Lets just say moving to a state without an ocean in site makes you a little skeptical about the sushi. They're happy hour specials are a great deal and the sushi was pretty fresh and tasty. Also, they have a great selection in sashimi. They have good food, great service, all for a reasonable price.Btw, the avocado salad is tasty, but extremely large portion. Good to split with someone else.
4	First off, the cooks greet you when you enter and leave the restaurant, which was odd at first, but very welcoming.  They start you off with soup and salad, which are very good.  The sushi is ok, and the prices are pretty decent.  After the meal, they provide you with a fruit dessert, which is tasty!  Overall a nice place to eat with really good customer service.
1	I have never been to a sushi restaurant where I had to actually stop eating because the food was so gross. First time for everything.The salmon nigiri was so tough that I couldn't bite it in half. It was almost rubbery. The other sushi plates (we had four in all) smelled very fishy mixed with the faint odor of cleaning fluid.The fried rolls tasted like they had been cooked in very old oil.The prices were extremely reasonable, and the restaurant itself was decent in terms of tone and decor. I liked that they gave you complimentary miso and salad, although I didn't care for the salad dressing.In all, definitely a place I will never return to again.
4	My son had the sushi and loved it. I had teriyaki chicken and it was fantastic. Miso soup was the best I ever had. Good service too!
4	I am a sushi FANATIC! I really LOVE great sushi!I've eaten sushi all over the US. I've been going to Masa Sushi for about 2 years now. I think its a pretty decent sushi place given the price.It's not top of the line sushi, but the prices are very decent. That being said, I do think the economy has hit this business hard. The last time my wife and I went there the sushi was not as fresh as we were used to, so my guess is the owner had to make some tough decisions and perhaps lowered the quality of the sushi until business picks back up. That being said, I would go there again and plan to, but keep your expectations in line. You get a lot for the money, but it's not $50pp sushi either.
4	I thought I'd be in trouble for trying a place that has happy hour all the time. Who would've known that fresh nigri, sashimi and rolls would follow the reasonable prices?- Soup, salad and breadsticks... oops, I meant dessert, with your meal- Don't puss out when you sit outside without misters- Go for the healthier sake instead of Sopporo big gulps
5	All sushi are created equal. Sushi is sushi, no matter who makes it. A type of sushi tastes the same, no matter which sushi bar or restaurant makes them.No, no and no. Where do people get these ideas? Who makes up these misleading and deceptive lies?!?Ok, I love the variations that individual sushi places bring to sushi. Not so much the nigiri-style sushi but the rolls or the maki-style sushi. Sure, there are standards like the oh-so droll California roll, the philadelphia roll and things like the caterpillar, dragon and rainbow roll. Most of these sushi places are individual stores that either act alone or have a branch or two in a metropolitan area, so there's a lot of leeway or allowance to develop your own signature maki or sushi rolls.Ok, enough with the lesson, but it's a setup. Don't scold me. This place rocks! Check out the bento meals, you get a bunch of stuff like fried rice, sushi roll pieces and bulgoki, a korean style sweet tangy beef BBQ. I got the Hot Sun Roll: crabmeat, cream cheese, cucumber and shrimp tempura on the inside; baked salmon on the outside. Be careful! It's hot (but not spicy). I got 2 pieces of tamago and unagi a la carte; they're my faves. My friend and I shared hot sake. That was a perfect compliment to our meal. After all that, before I got too full, I had to give up and say, I'm ready for dessert!Then came the dessert. That was the surprise. Thin apple slices arranged into a fan with Pocky sticking out of the ice cream that supported it. An orange "bowl" with toothpicks to pick up the slices. A work of art that's edible. I think they serve it after every meal.Food: B+Value: A- (esp the bento meals, either lunch or dinner)Service: A (friendly, with a lot of smiles and prompt)Variety: A+ (check out the menu, the variety alone will overwhelm you)When all that's said and done, this place is tops. If you're in the area (and I'm saddened that I'm from out of town), this place is a Must Try.Go! I mean now!
4	Been a few times for lunch. Friendly staff & great lunch specials. Had the bento box salmon teri w/cali rolls a few times. Free salad & soup when you order. So good & so cheap. Check it out it's well worth it!!!
5	Definitely a great value. Food quality is great. As good as some of my best experiences with sushi. Tuna firm and flavorful. Soft shell crab fantastic and rustic in presentation. All rolls expertly prepared and super quick. Friendly and attentive staff. This was a really fun time with great food. Thank you Masa for a great experience.
4	How can every hour be happy hour? Masa makes it happen.Drool-worthy sushi - 4-stars for freshness, endless variety of sushi creations and specials, excellent service. Incredibly fresh sashimi, compares to SF/Chicago standards. Had the butterfly (crab, avocado, shrimp tempura, topped with salmon, tuna, shrimp), which was excellent. Contrary to some mixed reviews on pricing, I found Masa beyond reasonable - their 35+ specialty rolls average $9-11.  They also offer a nice option of half/half rolls for both their regular and special rolls, perfect for those who wish to sample two creations.Masa is heaven for sashimi fans - the sashimi platters are a steal starting at $20, large enough for 2-3 to share. The albacore was outstanding, beautiful cuts of toro, salmon, yellowtail.  Was fairly busy on Sat. night but server still managed attentive/swift service throughout our visit.
5	We.LOVE.this.place.    Great sushi.great deals.decent service!
5	This place is amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing, when I crave sushi my mouth waters and i instantly want Masa Sushi, the monkey Balls and stuffed jalapenos are great the sushi is all fresh, servers are so nice. The happy hour price is nice all day. Love Love love it
4	As soon as you enter you are greeted by the sushi chefs which makes you feel very welcomed. The sushi bar is my favorite place to sit. Watching the chef prepare my sushi is like watching an artist paint. The sushi here is so mouth watering and succulent. Each bite I take my taste buds are shouting for joy. My meal  starts out with a salad and bowl of miso soup (FREE) and I order the #9 Edamame ($3.50), (who knew that soybeans could be so good), then on to the Happy Hour menu I order the #30 Monkey Ball andStuffed Jalapeno($5.00), #27 Hawaiian and Rainbow Rolls ($7.95) , #32 Philadelphia and Salmon Love Rolls($8.50),#33 Hot Arizona and Spicy & Spicy Rolls($8.50), #34 Hawaiian and Fresh Yellow Tail Rolls($8.50), and for dessert a sliced apple and orange artistically cut with whipped cream and a raspberry sauce on top ( FREE). My girlfriend and I share this meal and we always leave stuffed. Also since we are regulars the chef sometimes makes us a special sushi creation that is always so creative and delicious(FREE).All in all this is by far the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to and the fact that its in Arizona it is even more shockingly good. If I eat here anymore often I am sure to develop gout from all the rich sushi :)
5	Just an update... Masa every time we go takes great care of us and gives us a great Japanese experience. Sushi is fantastic. Teriyaki is great. Soba is perfect. Everything here is done well and the bill is ALWAYS a pleasant surprise. What a great value and experience. We always have a good time here.
2	I decided to meet a friend here on a whim for a relaxing Friday night dinner. I was looking for a place close to my house that specifically did a sushi happy hour. I figured this establishment was a good bet based on the reviews. Not so much. I then realized when it comes to sushi in Arizona, I've been steered wrong so many times, which makes me believe most people in Arizona haven't had excellent sushi, on a coast. When you've eaten a lot of sushi, you know quality vs. crap. The good thing was this place wasn't the worst sushi I've had, but it definitely was down there on the list. The pieces of fish were huge and disproportionate to the rice, which should be the first red flag. Sushi is small & pricey for a reason. The fish was cut haphazardly, the nigiri was three times the size as the rice beneath it. Oh, and the weirdest thing was this strange clear gooey sauce under all the rolls AND nigiri. At first I thought I was tasting something funny with the fish but after asking the waitress, we found they put ponzu sauce on EVERY single roll and under the rice with the nigiri. Now, don't get me wrong, I like ponzu sauce, but not on everything. When I'm ordering a yellowtail roll, I don't want a gooey sweet sauce masking the flavor of the fish and rice. Maybe they were trying to mask the flavor of the fish and rice? Hmmmmm. I ordered one of the special rolls. It was nothing special. I specifically noticed the tuna on the outside to be too firm and chewy and the spicy tuna on the inside to be way too mushy. It was all a horrible consistency.The bill was cheap, $67 for three people and that's with about twice as much fish as we could eat. Would I go back? No. Was it the worst? No, but I'm not a fan of taking risks with sushi.
1	Garbage.This is your typical AZ, Korean owned/run, sushi + "Asian fusion", quantity over quality sushi joint. Don't let the Korean comment sour you. There are a few very good Korean sushi places here in AZ, but they're few and far between. If you don't know the difference between a Korean sushi place and a Japanese sushi place, simply add 3 stars to my rating and stop reading now.For most people, this place will be just fine, but if you are a big sushi fan and have a lot of experience eating sushi, you will be disappointed.The good:- WaterThe Bad:- Green Muscles were mushy in the center and, frankly, tasted bad and old.- Fresh chopped wasabi was not good. How this is possible, I have no idea.- PONZU SAUCE ON EVERYTHING!! WTF? I want to taste the damn rice, how in the hell can I taste the rice if it's drowning in Ponzu sauce? EPIC FAIL.- Fish pieces on Nigiri and Sashimi were WAY too big and too thick and threw the ratio off.I left about 15 pieces of sushi on the table. This is the first time something like this has ever happened. Again, if your idea of good sushi is an evening of "Uber AZ Rolls" or any roll with ingredients more than rice, seaweed, single fish, go here, eat, have fun. If you refuse to soil soy sauce with wassabi and dip your nigiri upside down in the soy sauce, avoid this place like the plague.
5	Oh my gosh.... I fell in love with this place the first time I went there. I think I usually get #32 or #33, whichever one has the epic roll combination.  The sushi pieces are huge and one roll will definitely get you full.  The workers are super nice, and how can anyone resist all-day happy hour? If you're a friend of the owner, they also give you free dessert, and the dessert is such a masterpiece!  Mochi, oranges, apples, pocky and chocolate sauces arranged in a pretty display. The roll + sake bomb combo is a pretty good deal too.. I only wish that the 2 sake bombs I had didn't make me regurgitate my delicious dinner.
3	Yet another korean owned sushi restaurant. Being korean-american, this doesn't bother me that much. It just means I'll order the korean stuff on the menu over the japanese stuff. I'm somewhat new to the area, so still exploring sushi restaurants and don't have much to compare to around here yet.I was here for lunch, which was nice because of the lunch combo meals that you can get. We got the bulgogi combo (korean marinated beef) and I can't even remember what combo I got. I know it wasn't sushi or sashimi. But also to be clear...koreans do sushi rolls just as well as the japanese, and usually for cheaper. However, given how few Korean restaurants there are around here, eating at the korean owned sushi restaurants is a great way to get a quick korean food fix.All in all, somewhat lackluster food, but perfectly reasonable for lunch. Doubt I will come here for dinner.
5	Hands down BEST sushi ever! We used to go to Masa weekly but then we moved to Chandler so we get out there much less often. We have been looking for a sushi place that measures up to Masa but can't find one!
4	Its a good place for a mix between japanese and korean food. I had the eal which is one of my favorites. It was good, the flavor of the eel though was heavily hidden from the excess amount of sauce they poured on it. The rice, a defining signature of well prepped cooking was nice and sticky as it should be for japanese style. I had some other assortments of other sushi's and were well prepped, well portioned, and were one of the better sushi places I have had in town.
1	Called to order take out and they told me we aren't taking orders because they were too busy inside. Told me to try back tomorrow or come in and eat. I would have waited for the sushi but wasn't given the option.  Not to mention they were horribly rude over the phone.I never have tried their food and now I definitely wont be.
5	Best sushi place in Arizona!! Their rolls r fresh and huge! Literally they r bigger than average and they also have mixed rolls so u don't get tired of eating the same sushi over and over again. U also get free miso soup, salad, and dessert. I don't like their fried rice that comes w the Bento box though, it's flavorless and tastes odd and their Korean food is okay. If u go, get the sushi! It's the best. Also the service is awesome cuz They r nice and are always refilling ur drinks.
1	Awful! All products from true foods and restaurant depot (per the "chef"). All bottom of the barrel. All frozen seafood (again, per chef). Over breaded and drenched in ponzu to mask the poor quality. If you don't know your sushi you will leave unimpressed at the least. If you enjoy quality sushi, you will ask for your money back and leave hungry as we did. Skip it.
5	Oh Masa, my love, my favorite restaurant in all of Phoenix.What amazing sushi. Love sushi. Could eat sushi everyday. You must order the number 33 off the happy hour menu; it's seriously amazing. And the monkey balls. One because they are fun to tell someone you would like some monkey balls, and two they are ridiculously good.I can't tell you how much I love this place, but I'm pretty sure I paid their electric bill last month. My photo is on the wall with my honey, so that always makes me smile too. Can't go wrong with this delish place.
4	This place has excellent service. Not only that but they give you a salad, soup, and dessert with every meal. The dessert is super cute as it is fruit cut out in shapes and served along with chocolate covered pookie sticks. The rolls are priced at a bargain and don't worry on them being skimpy. They are loaded. They have an excellent seaweed salad. There is a fun outdoor seating available with a large projector screen with sports available for those who are addicts of ESPN. This is a win win for everyone.
4	I've been going to masa sushi for years now. Mostly because I don't have a say in the matter. [I hate fish] But the service is always good, good drinks, and yummy bentos. Its pretty cheap too! the combos are like two rolls for like 5 bucks. Very nice.
4	Great portions, complimentary soup and dessert. I love that they have a patio for outdoor dining and the atmosphere is casual and comfortable. Unfortunatly, the last 2 times I've had the same waitress which isn't a good thing. No smile no personality and bare minimum service. Hopefully the other waitresses are better. Aside from that, the food is amazing for a guy who likes sushi but is not a fanatic. Strongly suggest better service could improve overall dining experience and up the rating to a 5, but it's still my go to place for sushi.
4	I love this place. Good food, great atmosphere, and awesome service. I really enjoy the lunch bento combos and everything tastes pretty fresh The tempura isn't that great but overall it's always an enjoyable dining experience. The prices are great too, I would highly recommend this sushi restaurant to anyone.
5	LOVE this little Sushi Bar!!!  My husband and I come here with our 2 kids all the time.  The staff is extremely friendly and no one minds the kids.... Granted, our kids are huge sushi fans, they both know their way around the menu, and can use their chopsticks, plus they eat everything!!!  They are pretty well behaved, too.  Masa gives you the best in a meal, as soon as you are seated you are greeted with hot miso soup and a salad that has the most fantastic dressing ever!!  The edemame is always hot and salted, the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are fantastic. Don't forget about the AMAZING dessert they serve after your meal!!!  Masa has awesome lunch and happy hour specials too!!!I just can't say enough about this wonderful little sushi bar!!!
5	Every time i go to a page that i felt as though i have visited and not written a review after how many times i have been to the location i feel shocked and surprised and all these other mixtures of emotions bursting into my head.   As far as Masa Sushi i couldn't be happier for how much we pay for all the food and free goodies i could care less about the service. it is average. Nothing stellar, nothing horrid. Just AVERAGE. AVG is fine for cheap!  Now if the service was completely horrid like DArcy Mcgees in Tempe marketplace i would not be going back to this location what so ever.I dont think owners take their employees lack of quality service to heart but it has a huge effect on the customers and how it has such a huge impact on others.  If you tell 5 people that the place was disappointing then those 5 people will tell another 5 people and so forth.The sushi at this location is stellar for what you pay for it.The squid salad is  quite delicious too.The sashimi always tastes fresh and i look forward to rainbow sushi every time if we do not order sashimi.I will edit this review when i get all the names of specific sushis i eat at this location to make this more useful and convenient :)
1	You are probably wondering how I could go from a 5 star rating to a 1 right???Let me tell you this visit the night before valentines day  is one that definitely will NOT be forgotten and the one place that we thought we had found a hidden gem with amazing deals and awesome happy hour specials has completely diminished into a place we will NEVER go back too.  I cannot tell you how long my boyfriend moaned and complained about how pissed off he was about the service and how they over charged us for things that we never received/ordered.  I understand these people wanted to go home but this was a decent size table making at least $400 in food and drink orders so we were kind of hoping that our service would be at least average, but since gratuity was already added she probably didn't give a rats A** about how well of a job she was doing to say the least.With that being said we hoped that something to be on point with service like drinks when we asked for them and not having to ask if we would be receiving them at some point. We also ordered saki bombs and the girl brought out the wrong shot glasses and my boyfriend likes to drop in his bomb doing it the way its supposed to be done.  With the wrong glass and shot glass the beer cup chipped. Not our fault the owner hired a dim wit of a waitress who doesn't pay attention to what people ordered the other girl had to explain what we ordered and how we wanted it(when she wasn't there to take the order to begin with)and it was not that difficult if you take the time to write it down correctly it would make perfect sense.When we tried to explain to the girl that brought out our sushi that we did not get what we asked for and did not want what they brought us the guy behind the sushi bar was yelling in japanese like it was our fault they cannot understand a simple order.I hope to god that is not the owner because if it was their business will run itself into a hole real fast.  When I come to think of it every time we have gone the service has never ever been stellar. Maybe average-mediocre at most but well? Never. Since we sat inside for once we thought it might have been even better. Boy was i wrong!! absolutely horrible.  The girls were nice but just insanely stupid....to put it as nice as possible.   400 dollar table= we expected a mediocre night as far as service and not be completely over charged. 2 people that ordered 4 saki bombs usually is 15 dollars tops(because of the "amazing" happy hour deals. Yesterday was $28. we ordered 3 different sushi plates...so the most it should have been would be 40-50 with tip not 75! NEVER AGAIN RUINED MY DAMN VALENTINES DAY! UGH!!@!! I hope the owner reads this and hires people who know how to take an order correctly and don't have argumentative sushi chefs.  WORST NIGHT EVER....I will miss the jalapeno monkey balls but i will not miss the Horrrrrid service. So definitely the worst spot you can go to with more than a couple friends.
5	LOVE this little Sushi Bar!!!  My husband and I come here with our 2 kids all the time.  The staff is extremely friendly and no one minds the kids.... Granted, our kids are huge sushi fans, they both know their way around the menu, and can use their chopsticks, plus they eat everything!!!  They are pretty well behaved, too.  Masa gives you the best in a meal, as soon as you are seated you are greeted with hot miso soup and a salad that has the most fantastic dressing ever!!  The edemame is always hot and salted, the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are fantastic. Don't forget about the AMAZING dessert they serve after your meal!!!  Masa has awesome lunch and happy hour specials too!!!I just can't say enough about this wonderful little sushi bar!!!
3	This is a matter of meeting expectations.  This is a good "middle-of-the-road" sushi place, and priced for exactly what they are so I was happy with that.  Service was friendly and good, and my food came fairly quickly even though they were jammed for lunch.  Quality of the sushi was average, but again it was priced for that level.  I'll be going back.
4	My wife and I love this place! Good Sushi at a good price.
4	A staple of a local neighborhood sushi bar, Masa never fails to leave me feeling satisfied.Now I must start with the obvious points to this friendly and cool place.  It is Korean owned.  Not that this generally would be a problem but I understand that in some instances Sushi reinterpreted through the eyes of Koreans is not exactly the same as that of a standard Japanese restaurant.  However, they manage to do a good job of finding some balance within the menu that caters to an Americanized audience while offering nods to us purist.  I understand they used Ponzu sauce, if you don't like it then don't come here!I have to admit I've evolved into sort of a sushi snob in recent years.  I have traveled frequently to LA, SF and NY where I have had some of the best Japanese food outside of Nagoya.  What I appreciate about Masa is that they offer a decent extensive menu including Yakisoba (a favorite of mine), Terriyaki, Goyza and Seaweed Salads to name a few.The size of the rolls for the price is unbeatable.  Granted they are not using the most expensive cuts of fish but it is generally decent (including their sashimi).  The specials they are offer (including the 24/7 happy hour) is truly unbeatable for a sushi restaurant.  This is probably the best valued sushi meal you will find in the East Valley.The decor on the inside is modern and trendy.  It's a welcoming atmosphere for more of a casual spot but without being overly cliche for a "sushi" bar.  I also like the projector outside.The service is always friendly and efficient.  I enjoy the instant miso and salad as well as the awesome desert at the end of every meal.  The family that runs the restaurant appear to be quite friendly as well.  I have to say that as a local resident I will continue to frequent Masa for as long as I live here.
4	The sushi here is amazing! The only reason why I'm giving it 4 stars is because the girls always get my order wrong when I call it in.  I have stopped doing that and just dine there from now on.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place! My boyfriend brought me here for my birthday last year, and that was it, I was hooked!The sushi is fantastic, and fairly priced. While you are waiting they provide a great salad and soup free of charge, and when you are finished they provide a little dessert free of charge also.The staff is always prompt and friendly and the atmosphere is nice.We actually have a Masa Sushi "Fund" because we love this place so much!
5	I absolutely LOVE this sushi place! I'm visitng my family in Arizona and being a huge sushi fanatic, they brought me to Masa and I am NOT disappointed! The sashimi was fresh and the pieces were SO full and large.  Some sushi places only put a small sliver on their sushi pieces, but Masa put very, VERY generous pieces in and on all their sushi pieces.  Definitely recommend this place- love it! PS. Sorry if this review is a little too happy and ridden with grammatical mistakes.  I just love Masa too much.
4	This is our regular Sushi place! We always do one of the combos with sake bombs. Good rolls and decent prices. Casual and relaxed atmosphere.
4	Very good food!  The sushi and bento were delicious! Good quality and quantity. I will come back for good traditional Japanese food.
5	Compared to what I've found in the EV and the rest of Phoenix this place gets 5 stars.  Compared to some of the best 4 stars.  Finally a sushi place that has a great selection of delicious rolls at a decent price and well priced drinks.   It's not hard core sushi, but it's flavorful.  Staff is usually courteous and quick.  Been here 6 times, just one time the service was not quite up to par.  So if you're looking for good food, come here. You'll be pleasantly surprised.  A lot better then Ra
3	Prices are reasonable.What I got did not match the description though.  The roll I ordered said "very spicy" and this wasn't spicy at all.  I did not like this weird white sauce poured over my rolls either.  I did taste some of what my friend ordered and it was delicious.  I'll definitely be back, but I will be a bit more cautious of what I am being served.
5	The sushi is incredible, my favorite was the spicy tuna, it was so so good. The apple desert at the end was a great touch and very creative!
4	I really like this place. It's the only place you can get 2 different rolls as one.  Their soft shell crab is wonderful. Service can be a little slow at times, however they are very friendly. Best thing about this place is its very affordable and tastes great.
4	Soooo glad I discovered this place!I'll admit, I was being lazy when I decided to eat here. I was CRAVING sushi, but did not want to drive all the was to my regular spot 25 minutes away. This place just happens to be right down the street.I also had my son (who is a 6-year-old sushi fiend) and sister with me, so I kind of took a chance on this place. It did not disappoint! We went and just happened to catch happy hour, which made it even better!Between the 3 of us, we have quite a few different rolls, including of course, my customary Vegas roll. Delicious! We had a great time here. Everything tasted amazing and the service was great! Cannot say enough about this place.So happy to have a sushi spot in Gilbert!
5	I found great reviews on yelp so I decided to try this out. I could not be more impressed. The service was great!  Everyone was so nice and the food was amazing. The prices were just as good!  Happy hour all day every day. I have always been very picky with my sushi but I have found my new go to place. Not too loud or crowded. Love it!
5	The food was full of flavor, good size portions and reasonable price. They also serve a small salad and soup once you sit down and provide a free fruit dessert. I can't wait to come back again.
4	Like this place a lot, they make great sushi that is reasonably priced and consistently good.  Only reason for the four stars is the hit and miss service, I have had to go fetch the server to get my bill before, but to be fair we go on the weekends when it's pretty busy.  Staff is always friendly and we love the atmosphere.
5	Since I moved here from San Francisco this has been my place to go for sushi. Its 20 minutes away and I'll travel it anytime for this sushi. The sushi is always very fresh tasting and the sashimi slices are meaty and delicious. Your meal always comes with a bowl of miso soup (which is very flavorful) and a iceburg lettuce salad (the dressing is amazing). I have ordered rolls and dinner boxes and am never disappointed. The Edamame and shrimp and veggie tempura are favorites that are on the happy hour special. The chirashi sushi bowl is one of my favorites for sashimi (12 pieces of fish for 15.00, very affordable!). You always get a complimentary dessert too, for lunch its half an orange and for dinner its an orange with an apple fan and caramel sauce (super numnums) Service is usually very good, sometimes the servers get a little busy as there is usually only two for the whole restaurant which can get really busy. When I move again this is going to be one of the places I'll miss the most. Even in SF I didn't have a sushi place I enjoyed this much. Definitely try it out!New discovery- they have gluten free soy sauce if you ask for it!
2	Management has definitely changed, unfortunately for the worse - service is slow and unprofessional. Sushi quality has deteriorated and the kama (yellowtail collar) is bordering on questionable. Definitely more of an HH spot for good prices, but wouldn't come here for quality.
4	LOVE the Fact that they give you all the courses with the meal...soup, salad, meal, desert all included with whatever you order...Good scenery as well...
4	This place is usually my go to place if I want sushi. It's good sushi at a good price. I always leave full and satisfied. They bring you miso soup and a salad before the sushi comes out. At the end of the meal they also serve you free dessert. The service is always good, the place is clean and the food is good. Damn, I think I might have to go tonight. Yum!
5	oh man! This is my Jam for sushi! Hands down! the service is typically good but if its a busy night bring your patience. but in regards to food, the amount, the cost & the presentation-impressive!
2	Ill never forget the day I went into the bathroom and saw 3 cockroaches.Now don't get me wrong, I love masa! The sushi is absolutely amazing... The salad and soup... Great!They told me they put pineapple in the dressing! You can actually buy it in bottles.Plus the dessert at the end is really cute.However none of this really matters...It's not easy to eat after a near death experience with cockroaches.
4	I come to this place all the damn time. They're consistently good. They've got some sweet bento boxes for lunch and awesome half roll combos for good prices.
5	BEST SUSHI IN THE VALLEY. I have searched for many other places that would compare and I always land right back at Masa. This place is AMAZING. The staff is super friendly and even remembers our order from previous times! (no shame). Try the Tempura California roll but as for it spicy! Absolutely divine. I cannot find the words to describe my love for this place so just go experience Masa for yourself! Also, the free miso soup, salad, and dessert makes for an amazing meal!
5	Here is the deal: Masa sushi is the new favorite. I am addicted going forward. As a picky California girl, I give you my word this food is AMAZING -and- the boyfriend agrees!!! A few recommendations even though I'm sure anything you order will be perfection: red dragon roll, masa roll, popcorn crab over a California roll.
4	They have happy hour all day, everyday. Their rolls are massive. We always leave stuffed. There are so many things to choose from its hard to decide. I love the fact that they offer half & half combinations (4 piece of each type to make one roll) for people like me that love variety. One of the best dynamite rolls around. It's a must order every time I go. This has been our go to sushi spot lately. Side salad & miso soup included w every meal. And some fruit dessert to finish every meal, free!
4	this is one of our favorite sushi spots.  the rolls are always fresh and really big.  prices are decently priced too.
5	This place is the bomb. You get miso soup, salad and dessert with your order and the food is fantastic. The specials are AWESOME. The 50/50 rolls are great deals and the bugolgi is fantastic as well. The wait staff is all awesome. They are very nice and attentive.
5	Love, love, love this place! I have never been disappointed in their food or service. Even as busy as they get at times, they are always attentive and friendly. The sushi chef is awesome and always acknowledges you when you arrive and leave. My family goes as often as we can. I personally do not eat sushi, but they have plenty of offerings that are veggie based. I love the cucumber and asparagus roll. I'm so thrilled that despite the bad economy Masa Sushi is doing well. I hope they are around for a long time!The only negative I have is they have a new sushi chef and he's a young kid. We experienced the food not being as awesome as it usually is when he's working. It won't prevent us from going back, just kind of a downer because I would think they would make sure he does things the same as the usual sushi chef.
4	Best sushi for the price!!!! We drive from North Phoenix because its so good and worth the drive. I leave there full not like other sushi places where I drop $100 and then get a burger!
5	Masa is fantastic! It has a really nice ambiance, with little umbrellas hanging from the ceiling. The service is usually good- even when it's not their normal standard of good, it's never bad. The sushi is the best I've had in town and the prices are reasonable.
2	Went for dinner and the waitress was very rude and did not give us good service. The food was good and the sushi was also good. We felt the server did not give good service to us so we only left a couple dollars for a 30.00 check. Upon leaving and exiting the restaurant, the server chased us into the parking lot and demanded more money for the tip. She became abrupt and started threatening us and telling us she was calling the police. What a JOKE! WE ARE NEVER GOING BACK THERE AGAIN, EVEN IF IT IS THE LAST PLACE ON EARTH!!!!!!
5	These guys know how to put on a show! Great presentation, great food, they even brought us a free dessert since it was our first time in. Love it, will be back.
4	Definitely a best buy for sushi,  The fact that it is delicious makes it even better.  Usually excellent service.  Lots of choices for everyone.
2	I was eager to go after reading reviews, but was severely disappointed.I caught one of the taller sushi chefs picking his nose. Classy.If you want to know what an experience at Masa's is like, simply take your shoe and lick the bottom of it. There, I just saved you some cash.
5	Usually I don't give five stars, i always question my self, am I going to look forward to come again? If so, what is the reason or is there more than one reason? In this restaurant there are more than one reasons why I will be looking forward to coming back!. First is the service, outstanding! The second I entered I was greatest and directed to my chair... TWO seconds later I had my table set up with a small salad and a small cup of miso soup! Both were excellent! Then I ordered a beer, I hate a beer if its not very very cold and believe me not many restaurants grasp that concept, the beer was perfect! Them the menu, I like to see pictures of the sushi, might not be considered upscale for many, but for me helps me a lot to see the preparation and gives me a good indication to what expect. Place was not packed but there were many busy tables, the sushi I ordered was brought after only 3 minutes! The size of the thing!! And the quantity of the meat! This thing had tons of Tuna and Salmon mucho mas than average! And the taste, wow. After a short visit I'm looking forward to the next. This was a flawless experience and I would greatly recommend!
5	The sushi rolls were huge as was the variety. It was hard to choose. All the rolls we ate were excellent especially the Boston roll. Was pleasantly surprised to get a beautifully prepared and tasty dessert after. Must go back to try more.
5	Strip mall sushi elevated!  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  They start you off with a perfect bowl of miso and a small crisp salad with a thin dressing so tasty you will be tempted to drink it.   We ordered a combo that came with a large beer, a small sake and two rolls. Plus we added the shrimp and veggie tempura.  Everything was fresh and tasty with very generous portions.  The bill came to 23 dollars!  I was already impressed but the price makes this my favorite sushi place.
1	Had a very bad experience this evening, & it's sad because today was a special day & I felt like some having Sushi to celebrate.  We came in at exactly 5:00PM (the time they reopen for dinner). 1st the young lady that showed us to our table seemed a little she was tired & needed sleep, but even that was ok bc Masa Sushi lacks customer service, so we r used to that. We sat at the sushi bar and right infront of me there was a dead fly!  It was so gross, then the waitress came & when we told her she acted monotone & normal, & we told her we were not sitting there. The worst part of this ordeal was that it took forever for someone (a cook in the back) to take care of the fly! We ended up taking the order to go, the food is in the fridge $60+ of sushi I will not eat.  When I go to Masa Sushi I usually see a nice older gentleman behind the Sushi Bar, that greets us & is cordial, TODAY he wasn't there, so I guess this incident might be attributed to the YOUNGINGS RUNNING THE SHOW !
4	This place is always good and always consistent. Excellent all-day happy hours, great rolls. They are very accommodating and will usually make you whatever you ask for. My only real complaint has nothing to do with the food - it's the music they play. I'm probably what you would call a senior citizen and I eat here at least once a week. The music is toooo loud for my ears, too harsh and too much for my wife and me. But we STILL eat here all the time because the service and the food is excellent. I'd give it five stars if they play softer and nicer music!
3	I've eaten at Masa Sushi for some years now, not often but I keep coming back.  Went back there this week and still enjoyed it.  Food is still good, service is great.  Happy people servicing you with always a friendly attitude. And unlike a lot of sushi places they're open for lunch. Not the greatest sushi but above the average.
1	I'm not going to address the food I had today at lunch, but rather my experience here...The folks from work had been raving about this place all week and said that we're going here today for lunch.  There were roughly 12 of us, and they brought the food out to us as it was ready...usually 1-2 lunches at a time.  My lunch was the last one to come out, and when the server set it in front of me, I didn't think it looked right.  I told her that I didn't think that this was what I ordered.  She looked around the table and realized that another person had my lunch.  Even though he had started eating the lunch I ordered, she flat-out said for us to just switch plates and for me to pull off his plate what he had eaten off of mine.  I thought she was joking at first...but, she wasn't.  So, we actually swapped lunches, instead of them bringing me a new and correct lunch.  The other guy only ate a piece or two of sushi off my plate with his chopsticks and didn't touch the other stuff, but I still find this gross and unacceptable to swap lunches.  I really should have gotten up and walked out...needless to say, I will not be returning here.
5	Of all of my attempts to find a decent sushi place in the Phoenix East Valley, this one paid off. I have yet to find another sushi restaurant that has the same freshness, distinct flavors and sushi-deliciousness that Masa Sushi has. The value and top-notch service I've received here truly make it a gem of a place that Yelpers like me are thrilled to discover and share.I love the fact that even before you order you are greeted with chilled iceberg lettuce salad (with a fabulous soy vinaigrette) and delicious hot miso soup. The list of rolls available is extensive. My dining partners and I have gravitated towards the Monkey Ball roll as an appetizer. That's a mushroom, spicy tuna, and cream cheese that is battered and deep fried and served with a delicious creamy sauce.Try the simpler forms of sushi (sashimi, nigiri) to see how fresh and buttery and delicious the fish here is. I have recently started investigating their Happy Hour combos, and was very pleased with their spicy one (the name of which escapes me). This must've been a promotional or new combo. It was featured on the menu and on banners draped inside the store, but I haven't spotted it on their website yet. All I know is that I had wonderful bites that included spicy-tuna stuffed jalapeno "poppers", a salmon-centric roll, and Kiss of Fire (inside: spicy tuna, jalapeno, crab stick and cucumber; outside: white tuna).  All of this washes down perfectly with a nice dry Japanese beer like Asahi.The dessert (standard with your order) is great fun too. Fresh mandarin oranges, thin sliced apples, caramel sauce, whipped cream and Pocky! You can't beat this place for the price, selection or the quality of the sushi. And it's in Gilbert... who'da thunk it!
5	My favorite sushi restaurant!  Everyone is so nice and best food in Phoenix region!  Beautiful pieces of art on the dishes. Must try.
5	Our first time here, after trying many sushi places in the Phx metro area.  This place is the best... Low prices, huge servings of fish, low key atmosphere; all tables were full, even on a Sunday night.  The fish-to-rice ratio in the rolls was the highest we've seen!  We'll definitely be back.
5	Great Sushi at a great price. Always very friendly service too. Love all the pictures on the wall. Fun atmosphere without being too loud that you can't share with others. Always my go-to sushi place when I have guest.
3	This is my neighborhood go-to Sushi place. Having lived in Japan, I love good sushi and yet I can't always afford it in town. I can afford to go here on occasion, and I believe you get slightly better than what you pay for. This isn't the place for that special once a year sushi night out. This is the place to go if you can't afford the  upscale sushi that you would prefer, but have high enough standards that you won't stoop so low as to eat the supermarket sushi at Fry's. This is also a fantastic place to take kids, whether it's just to introduce them to sushi or if they are savvy enough to choose sushi over Chick-Fil-AOne thing I really like about the place is their "Happy Hour" pricing all day long. These particular specials allow you to order  two variety or rolls in one, for example my kids love the California roll/Spicy Tuna Roll combo. The get 4 of each, which is plenty for my kids and it then allows me to select my own specialty roll, or some other roll that I want them to try. This is is great place to experiment for the uninitiated. You get miso soup, salad and a cool free dessert of whipped cream, oranges and Pocky sticks (also a hit with the kids).You're not going to get the authentic Japanese experience complete with the shouts of "Irashaimasen!" when you walk in, but it's authentic enough for what they charge.Side note: I once accidentally left my ID here while eating alone. Must have fallen out of my wallet when I paid. Couldn't find it anywhere. Weeks later, I went back in and the waitress recognized me and brought it to me. THAT. WAS. AWESOME!(But I also wondered why no one took the initiative to mail it to me. What if I never went back?)
4	Went here on a whim, it was the only place open. The atmosphere over all was a bit different than most sushi restaurants that I have been to, it was very loudly decorated. The waitress brought out miso soup and a small salad almost as soon as we sat down, which I loved. The waitress was very attentive and accommodating. The sushi was not cheap..but it never is, is it? We ordered the Boston roll-it was good. Definitely the first time I have ever seen melted cheese on top of sushi. It was an interesting twist, but it was good. We also go the spicy & spicy roll, which was delicious. It was not overly spicy, so of course I added a large amount of wasabi. We also got the fresh yellowtail roll. I love raw fish, so I loved it. The last one we got was called the midnight roll. It had a weird flavor that I did not care for, but my boyfriend seemed to like it. Lastly, the "free desert" was half a sliced apple and half of an orange with whipped cream, caramel sauce drizzled on the top and two chocolate sticks. It was light and refreshing, but still sweet. Overall, I enjoyed my visit. I will most likely eat there again.
4	Sushi was good. Not outstanding but good  enough, and the prices were not bad at all. I order one of the combos from the No.2 section, forgot the name, but it was good, I got full after eating a few pieces  which was surprising. As everyone else here says, they welcome you with miso soup and lettuce salad with a delightful dressing. I did not care for the dessert but I appreciated it.All in all, I would go back.
5	THE BEST sushi I have had in a very long time..... being from California, I'm super snobby with my sushi...this pace looks like a total hole in the wall from the outside, but the food is amazing! The fish is fresh, and melts in your mouth, the rolls are enormous, even the cooked items are great! My toddler is super picky about what he eats, and usually never eats teriyaki bowls when we order for him, but from here, he couldn't have enough. We eat here a few times a month.
4	My husband and I stopped in after we found the original restaurant we were supposed to dine at was closed. When we arrived we were the only guests there. We were greeted and seated immediately, and shortly after we were brought miso soup and salad. I did not care for the soup or the salad. Thankfully it was free. For lunch I ordered a bento box combo which included teriyaki chicken, tempura, a crunch roll, and a spicy tuna roll. It also included white rice with the chicken, plus a gyoza. The sushi was very fresh and delicious! I enjoyed the spicy tuna roll immensely. The crunch roll was very big and had a large amount of crab inside. The chicken teriyaki was also pretty good. As for the tempura, it was very greasy. I could taste grease above all else. I also found it interesting that one of the friend vegetables was an onion ring. I have not encountered that before. I would return to this restaurant due to the prompt service and the delicious sushi. I would not order the tempura again. The prices here were very good. My bento box was $11, and I received a lot of food.
1	I would avoid this place at all costs. The soup was nowhere near warm, the seaweed in the sushi rolls was rubbery and could be used like a rubber band. Even the fried shrimp had pieces of tail or something all throughout. And the ingredients were not fresh. I have been to many Sushi places throughout the valley, and this one is by far the worst. The only reason I gave it one star is because yelp forces you to choose at least one.
3	I've been going here for years. The sushi is okay. It's nothing outstanding, but it's decent food for the price. There are a ton of menu options, but at least there are pictures. The menu is funny..."all kind spicy fish" and enjoyable to read/laugh at. I love the free soup and dessert. The service is good. I have no complaints about this place and would rate it higher if I loved the food more.
2	I don't remember what roll I ordered bit it was a big pile of who knows what. It wouldn't have been so bad if it wasn't drenched with some sort of sauce that was over the top. We came in kind of late but still enough time to eat but I felt like we were rushed by the staff.
2	first and foremost,  the staff is amazing!the food is pretty *blah* with little flavor. the yellowtail plate tastes like the fish is washed to nothing. The lobster fritters are greasy piles of sweet dough and the California roll is served underneath gathering grease. This coupled with the music playing on that sounds like PC speakers and the sticky swamp cooler feel to the air was all we could take. We politely paid our bill, tipped 20% to the wonderful staff, and left. Perhaps this good sushi to some, but it ranks low IMHO.again,
5	This is my goto for Sushi in the Gilbert area.  I pieces are big and the prices are low!They start you out with a soup and a salad with a yummy dressing.  Then your sushi comes, Then they bring you a nice dessert of thinly sliced and artistically arranged apple slices, half a orange and pocky sticks drizzled in a raspberry sauce I believe and whip cream!  Great way to finish!Be sure to have your picture taken for the wall.  I am someplace on those walls.Happy Hour.....All day!
5	Oh my gosh, Masa Sushi is the BEST! Love this place!Service is incredibly friendly. I've called in a few to-go orders and they're always nice on the phone. The prices are good for HUGE rolls, plus you can get 1/2 and 1/2 rolls if you don't want to commit to just one thing.I highly recommend Masa. Best sushi in Gilbert!
5	This is my favorite sushi restaurant in All of East AZ.... The fish is fresh.... They are fast,efficient, authentic, and polite. This atmosphere is conducive to a family and while the location is in a strip mall of sorts do not let that deter you in any way from getting awesome Sushi... I highly recommend it .
5	What a gem!  This place is definitely our GO TO sushi spot, and not just because it's on our neighborhood.  The only time I've had better sushi, we were in San Francisco.
2	Will not go back. This place is a hole in the wall and kind of dingy. It smelled funny. Service was rushed bordering on rude. Soup was lukewarm and bland. The monkeyball roll was downright gross. Those things aside the spicy rainbow roll and lion king roll were ok. Nothing better than any other place in town. The rolls were small and overpriced compared to other places.
4	Sushi was alright. Wasn't the best but it was decent. The pricing was not too bad but not too great either. The atmosphere was nice and cute. Though, the service was just ok. They aren't really personable. They were more like hi what u want , ok here you go, ok bye. lol. But overall it is okay and I would go back again.
4	If you want fancy, expensive, high quality sushi, this may not be the place for you. If you have a sudden craving for sushi but don't want to break the bank, this is most definitely the place for you! I would have given this place a 3 or 3.5 if based on the food alone however the service is always great and they give you free stuff which bumps them up a star. As far as the free stuff goes, they give you a small salad and miso soup before your meal and then a cute little dessert at the end. I love free food, especially when it's good, so they won me over on that. Regarding the food you actually pay for, there are a few things to avoid. My husband and I really didn't like the tuna appetizer they have as the fish was either low quality or cut incorrectly. Also, the sashimi isn't anything special. However they make some amazing rolls. My absolute favorite is the hot Arizona roll. Simple, but absolutely glorious! I approve of this establishment :)
5	Tonight was my first time here after being told by different people to give it a try. I've been to Japan and this is about authentic as you can get in the east valley. Had a few rolls and Oh. My. God. Best I've had in a long time. That staff was friendly and we even got free desert after! They have gained a new regular customer
2	I don't get the hype. It's definitely an Americanized sushi joint. Most things are fried, baked and/or swimming in sauce....I enjoy sushi for the delicate flavors of fresh fish. The pieces of the rolls are HUGE, so you can't fit the entire piece in your mouth easily (that's what she said).It'll do if I am in suburbia. But overall, there are better places.
5	What a great family experience! Fantastic sushi at a reasonable price. We ordered the Hot Arizona, Spicy Tuna Spicy, Crunchy California, and the Red Dragon. They came out in good time and presentation. The highlight of our visit was the treatment our three year old son received. Our server finished my sentence as I asked for juice being watered down for him, brought his food out first and on a child's plate complete with snowman characters on it, and dessert on the house. He was treated extra sweetly and as a welcomed patron. Thanks so much for making him feel so special!
3	Food was the best part.  I would have given a 4 if the service was a little more engaging.  Then I went to the bathrooms (gross) and had to drop to 3 stars...  Nice to have a free miso soup, iceberg salad and fresh fruit at the end of the meal.  Has the potential for 4 to 5 stars...!
