5	Everytime I go, I get the same thing: Uncle Sam's Ultra Special. It's a steak and cheese with extra meat, mushrooms, grilled onions, and peppers. This place has great steak and cheese, and they'll make it right in front of you. It's worth the wait. The bread tastes great.Their yam fries are good too.
4	Uncle Sams used to be a major part of my diet (I lived right around the corner). The subs are good, but tend to induce comas and heart attacks. The bread is nice, and generally the ingredients are fresh. The inside is clean and friendly. The only real complaint I have is that most of the subs all taste the same (maybe it's the shared grill?), which isn't bad, just boring.
4	A great deal on a very tasty sub sandwich.  My favorite is probably the class italian sub, but i know lots of people who swear by the cheese-steak.  if you dine in, you get a plate of fries with your sandwich (plus a mint hidden at the bottom of your fries, suprise!).  i love the atmosphere too, as the restaurant is covered with pictures of old pittsburgh.
4	This may still quite possibly the best place to have a cheesesteak...in Pennsylvania. Yes, we're in Pittsburgh here, not Philly. But these people get it right (no stinkin' cheez whiz!). The steak is cooked just right, the bread is delicious, and the fixins actually taste like something. Even more addictive than the sandwiches are the fries. I don't know what they do to them but they have that McDonalds-esque-nothing-really-special-here-but-actually-theyre-like-crack feeling. Really awesome.The staff at both this location and the one down Forbes in Oakland are fast, efficient, and sometimes even funny.  But if you want a break from you college experience, go to this one up in Squirrel Hill. You'll see people from all walks of life, all ages, etc. Pittsburgh has a LOT of unhealthy, greasy, delicious options. This is one of my favorites.
5	Yummy subs. I crave it even when I'm not in the city of Pittsburgh. It's pretty satisfying, even though it clearly is unhealthy to eat too many times in one week. The fries are only free if you eat there - you have to order it for take out. The bacon cheeseburger is my favorite sub, but the special is pretty good as well. I hear the salads are decent, too. Cash only. Parking is best over at the lot across the street, under the library.
5	Uncle Sam's has some of the best subs I've ever had.  Almost all of their subs are great, including their Italian, Ham and Cheese, Turkey, etc.  My favorites are the Steak and Egg and the CapicolaThe prices aren't bad either, as a sandwich, a large handful of fires and a drink will run you about $7-$8.  My only complaint with Uncle Sam's is its hours, as they close around 8 or 9 every night.
3	The subs here are tasty, of dubious health (who cares? it's delicious =) ), and cheap! The bad:1. They close real early2. There are weird rules like being charged for refills (is syrup that expensive?) and no credit cards accepted.Anyhow, it's probably one of the best places to get a cheesesteak in Pittsburgh.
4	Subs. They've got 'em. The bread they use - is special, if you like it - you will like their subs, if you don't you will complain that the subs are weird. They do close pretty early, and many days they will close 15-30 minutes before it actually says they do, because they run out of bread.Also, don't get your food to go - because if you eat it there - you get free fries with every sub, if you do takeout - you gotta pay for those fries (and they only take cash, and I mean you can't really even pay for the fries since you never have enough cash with you anyway).
4	I had the pleasure of trying this place out while visiting family in PA. Everyone kept talking about how good the sandwiches were. I had to try it! I got the Mediterranean sub which had cheese, cucumbers, lettuce, black olives, tomatoes and several other veggies. It comes with a huge portion of fries too and they are yummy! I could not finish half of my food because it was so much, but it was fantastic! Now I know why people love this place! They remember you by what you are wearing too. Stop by and grab a sandwich if you are near one of the locations! They had a few veggie options and serve salads too.
3	I'm not sure why everyone geeks out over Uncle Sam's.  The subs are OKAAAYY, the fries are pretty good, you have to pay for refills and no credit cards?  What year is this?Of course, sweet potato fries trump all of my complaints.  Carry on.
4	This place seems like somewhat of an anachronism in an era where nearly every single eatery out there accepts credit cards and stays open past 8pm, but it's okay, because their subs are amazing. Sure, you only get fries with your sub if you dine in and you'll have to go to the PNC next door to get cash to pay for your food, but once you get that sub with a pile of fries next to it, you won't care. The subs are large and can be split among two people if you aren't too hungry, but they do say they charge for refills on your soda at certain places. Someone mentioned that the fries are like crack, and this is most definitely true. They're the thin greasy kind that doesn't get all hard and nasty when they cool down, and you never really have enough of them.I end up getting the ultra Philly cheesesteak every time I come around here. Their filet mignon sub is just alright in comparison, because it doesn't really matter if filet mignon is a more tender cut of steak if it ends up getting thinly sliced up the same. Uncle Sam's "special" bread definitely grows on you and is the perfect sub bread.Regardless of its superficial shortcomings, Uncle Sam's is one of the very few reasons why I would even want to go back to Pittsburgh.
4	The bread.  The bread for these subs is what makes them really really good.  It has the right level of chewyness, crustiness, and saltiness for the subs.  The insides of the subs are as good as any other place, but the bread is really what makes these subs delicious.  Look, at the end of the day, what do you expect out of a sub place?  Ambience?  Decor?  This place delivers where it needs to.  I dont care about the fries, which are fine standard steak fries but can be greasy.   Remember, its the bread that makes this place so delicious.
5	Solid cheesesteaks in Pittsburgh. And if you eat inside, you get fries with your cheesesteak :)
3	The food is good, although the chicken in the chicken cheese steaks is dry, and the menu advertises some things they haven't had in years (like fontina for the vegetarian subs).  I never manage to get anything other than the Special Italian (with everything, naturally).  Fries are always hot but don't taste like much.  Service varies from nonchalant to downright surly, and I always feel a little sick after I eat here, just from all the grease.  Not worth a special trip, but it's a huge meal for not too much money and it tastes good.
4	Best chicken cheesesteak in the world.  Period.  And like everyone says, the fries obviously have liberal amounts of crack.  The waffle fries were even better, but I went back recently to find that they are not seasoned and not quite as good.  Minus one star for that.
4	I used to come here a lot back in high school and I loved this place.  It's got great subs and - if I recall correctly - pretty good soup too.  The fries are some of the best I've ever had, plus you've got the option of the sweet potato fries which is a nice touch.As I've gotten older and come here more infrequently (I've left Pittsburgh for school), I've thought about some things...Do they have vegetarian options? - I don't think so...What's up with the charge for a refill of the soft drinks?  Why is everything - the fries, the meat and even the bread greasy?  Yes, they don't take debit cards but there are two banks in each direction...so that's not a major issue.Overall, the place is decent...with some tasty subs.  You'll see a lot of high school and college students in here.  I'd prefer to give it more of a 3.5 star rating...but I'm working with what I've got.
4	The steak & egg sub, and sweet potato fries are must-haves.
4	Best chicken steaks sub I've ever had...I I like the chicken steak sub.  They used to have the best waffle fries but for some reason they changed them.  And waffle fry version 2.0 isn't as good as 1.0
2	I have two big qualms with this place:1) You do not get fries unless if you eat-in. Now really, how hard/expensive is it to include fries w/to-go orders?2) The Oakland location CHARGES for re-fills.. Considering they have probably marked up the softdrinks by 1000+% to begin with, I find this ridiculous.The actual subs are decent, but I don't find them to be as good as everyone says they are. Overrated + my admittedly somewhat petty complaints above = I do not jump at the chance to go there.
4	I like thisSquill location better cuz they have sweet potato fries. Still my 2nd fav cheesesteak place ever (1st place belongs to del amo steakhouse in torrance). it's really really good. with provolone and not the yellow slimy stuff. I really miss this place! Definitely tastes better when you eat it on the spot, but even to go is still great.
3	Uncle Sam is a decent, if not spectacular, sub shop. We were at the Squirrel Hill location today and ordered a couple of "ultra" subs for takeout, along with fries. It was lunch time but their line is pretty efficient so the wait was reasonable.I had ordered the 'hot pepper' sub, but I didn't taste or find any in my sub; I suppose they were too busy to put some on. Uncle Sam has fresh buns, but they don't toast them, which means that the sandwich gets soggy over time (I guess if we ate in this may not have been a factor).The fries were good, a cut above (most?) every other place in the neighborhood; unfortunately they seem to use frozen fries rather than bothering to double-fry fresh potatoes (of course I've discovered that they don't always bother to do it in Belgium either).Anyway: best subs in the neighborhood.
4	Really mondo cheese steaks with high quality beef. I had the ultra pepper (meaning extra meat), but the peppers part of it was lacking both in quantity and bite. Their roll was really good, and held up for 24 hours later when I actually developed enough of an appetite after the first half to finally tackle the second half! The fries were good and overall a pretty good value given the amount of food.Maybe it just wasnt dripping enough or greasy enough, but I think it wasn't as decadent as I like in my cheesesteaks. Then again, it was almost worth missing the 1000 point drop in the Dow that day.(ps. I actually ate at the one at the Waterworks Mall.)
4	Went to college in Pittsburgh and this was one of my fave regular eats! What's not to love about a great sub, and Jeopardy playing on the TV while you eat? :)
4	Best subs I have EVER had. Uncle Sam's special is bomb diggity. Bread = awesome. Meat = awesome. Overall just a huge great experience eating here. And I don't think you can get bored of this place with their wide menu. Just excellent. Love coming here with schoolmates.
4	Loved this place while I was at school in Pittsburgh. Definitely would pick the Oakland location over the Squirrel Hill. Maybe it was just me but the texture and quality of the submarine bread is better in Oakland. I'm not sure what kind of sauce/spice/whatever they put on their sandwiches but they certainly add extra flavor and tastiness to the mix. Love their french fries too--they are the perfect crispiness and come in huge helpings. The sandwiches alone are giant. Eating here kept me full for the day or the leftovers lasted for two meals.
1	I've only been there once, so take this for what it's worth. I was in Squirrel Hill yesterday looking for a place to grab a bite to eat and saw this spot. They had a veggie portabella sub which caught my eye. I'm an omnivore, but was feeling like having something a little less heavy than the meat options, so I opted for this sandwich.Big mistake! This portabella sandwich with provolone tasted more like Chinese food on a roll than anything close to an Italian sandwich. The mushrooms were fried in way too much corn oil, fully saturating the bread to the point where it couldn't be held together as a sandwich. The provolone cheese was very low quality - pretty much tasteless and did nothing for me. I find that often sandwich shops will have a vegetarian option just for the purpose of offering herbivores something edible while their friends enjoy the "real" menu. The fact that a sandwich lacks meat shouldn't have to mean that it lacks flavor. If you guys are knowingly making vegetarian sandwiches that you wouldn't eat, that's not a symptom of them being veggie sandwiches but a demonstration of your lack of willingness to take the time to figure out how to make a tasty veggie option.Figure it out!
3	I had a day off from work today and since I've been looking for a good sandwich place since Kazansky's closed, I thought I'd try Uncle Sam's.  Believe me folks, the subs here are ridiculously large.  I know that Uncle Sam's is known for their fries but that's why I skipped them.I went for the salami and cheese sub which was pretty tasty.  But I guess subs don't do it for me like a good sammitch does!
4	Uncle Sam's specializes in cheesesteaks, and that's all I've gotten so far during the three times that I've gone here in 3 months.Here's the breakdown:Meat - Mediocre.  Not distinctive/nothing special. my friend and i usually grab the seasoning on the side table and season each bite we take with that seasoning + black pepper.veggie/meat ratio = just right. this is one of the more important factors when it comes to a delicious cheesesteak, imo. you need the greens to help regulate the meatiness.bread: a tad heavy/thick for my taste, but the fact that it doesn't get soggy satisfies me very much so. too many times, I've tasted a cheesesteak where the bread was starting to melt with the juices coming from the meat inside.i'm also a huge fan of sweet potato fries, and i would say that they do them very well! some people cut them too short and fry them too long to the point that the sweetness got completely fried out of existence.  the thickness of the cut of each sweet potato fry, along with the length in which they fry these things for makes for a perfect sweet potato fry! i'd come here simply for the sweet potato fries. too bad you can't substitute the regular fries that come with your cheesesteak with the sweet potato fries. you have to get them separately. if you make the mistake of not realizing this and tell the cashier you want a cheesesteak with sweet potato fries, prepare to eat a lot of fries (to me, it's a dream come true until my next blood test).
4	Cheesesteak is delicious. This is a fat kid treat, so don't come here looking for something healthy on the menu; just enjoy the cheesesteak with wiz and go to the gym later. Your body will forgive you.
3	Went out for lunch with a big group (10 people) here. Order at the counter and then seat yourself place. Decent accommodations for large groups.I split a Ultra Mushroom Cheesesteak Sub with one person. I thought it was just okay... There was too much meat in my opinion. I also that the meat itself wasn't that awesome (not flavorful/juicy enough). If it were mouthwatering good, I'd probably want the whole thing to myself, but I found myself about finished with just the half of the sub.The sub came with a fair serving of fries. Plenty of leftover fries across the table to nom on towards the end of the meal.TL;DR It's okay.
3	I'd been sick for a few days and not up for cooking, so my boyfriend and I went in search of a cheap lunch.  Uncle Sam's, down the block, had been calling our name for weeks.  In need of big-time sustenance to help me fight the germs, I was ready for a meaty sandwich.Inside, there was plenty of seating, and a few TVs showing the Penguins game.  The staff behind the counter was young and enthusiastic, chatting with each other and commenting on the hockey action.  We placed our orders at the far end of the counter - I got the Loaded Italian Sausage sub (comes with flavorful Italian sausage, grilled onions/peppers, and cheese).  I was confused when the girl taking my order asked if I wanted lettuce, tomato, and mayo.  Um....no.  That seems totally wrong on an Italian sausage and peppers sandwich.  My boyfriend got a Philly cheesesteak, and despite my badgering, he DID get it with tomatoes, lettuce, and mayo.  His philosophy is pretty much to get every available topping on a sandwich if it will make it more delicious.We waited for about 10 minutes while a guy working a big grill surface browned up our meat.  It was fun to watch Taylor's cheesesteak turn from a gorgeous deep red to a delicious steaky brown.  I appreciate that they cook everything to order here, and they don't have piles of cooked meat waiting around to be thawed or microwaved or anything.  Our sandwiches were about $7 each I think, which was reasonable since the ingredients seemed pretty fresh, and the sandwiches were huge.We took them home, and they were still warm when we unwrapped them.  They were both pretty good - I didn't exactly hear angels singing, but the meat was flavorful in each (and both sandwiches were definitely heavy on the meat!)  A regular size person with a normal appetite could easily get two meals out of one big sandwich.  I preferred my Italian sausage to the cheesesteak, since mine had more seasonings, the addition of grilled veggies, and no (totally boring and unnecessary lettuce, tomato, and mayo.  no!)  I was thinking 3 1/2 stars, trying to determine whether to give them an edge up or down, when my boyfriend told me that the people behind the counter making the sandwiches weren't wearing gloves?  .....blargh.  I was trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, but he assured me that he saw the grill-guy pick up our meat with bare hands and put it on the grill.  To be fair, there were some little pieces of wax paper partially enclosing the meat, but still.  And the girl who wrapped our sandwiches did not have gloves on either, he noticed.  Maybe they work really hard to avoid directly touching the food....but still, I'd say gloves are preferable.I'm pretty much the opposite of a germophobe, so I don't really care that much, but I think 3 stars is fair for now.  I'm sure we'll be back to try another sandwich, and if it impresses me, I think 4 stars is in their future.  WAAAAAAAY better than a Jimmy John's/Subway type place, no contest there.
4	The philly w/ shrooms!! This left me more than full before my flight home. Pretty awesome place with cholula, and tapatio. Food was ready quick and everyone was nice.
4	Strong Pre-Game Primanti's Substitue Sandwich!Been to Pittsburgh more than a few times, and it was always the tourist trap Primanti's or what has been called the best restaurant in town Nakama Japanese.  This time I went with a suggestion from some other Pittsburghers.Not that Primanti's or Nakama are bad at all, but it was just time for a change.Enter: Uncle Sam's Subs.  Been around since the early 70's so you would think they know what they are doing, and they in fact do.Don't get me wrong, you are not going to be blown away by anything they do here, but you will get a pretty damn good sandwich & fries for under $10.I went with the cheese steak/mushrooms, and as others have said here, it will not disappoint.Order up, sit down, they bring you the sandwich and a side of fries in minutes. Wrap up;Certainly not a gourmet restaurant, but a real good sandwich real quick for real cheap.  Also a lighter (a lead brick would be lighter) than a Primanti's monster!
2	Great subs, but the place is filthy. Horrible service. Check out another location instead of this one. I've never seen food service staff move so quickly as when you walk in here at 20 mins. till closing time. They want you to inhale your food and get out. The have horrible Sunday hours too (close at 6 pm)
1	Uncle Sam's has really gone down hill. The staff has gone from polite, to indifferent, to borderline hostile. Simple requests are ignored - when the error is pointed out - they become indignant.  Turning to the food... the sandwiches are now 90% lettuce and served cold.  If the old adage about judging a kitchen by the state of the bathroom is to believed - stay away.
4	The smell of onions greets you and the hype does not disappoint. This incredibly well-accessible sub shop was my boyfriend's personal favorite when he was going to school at Carnegie Mellon, and for good reason. This place can mix up some fantastic flavors to make an ordinary sub seem better than the traditional competition. They really pile on the toppings and their best kept secret might be the tasty bread they use. Dr. Pepper on the fountain, which always spells, "I actually care about my customers."Seriously, what did they put in this ordinary salami sub to make it taste so $@#%*ing good? Quiznos and Subway should take note, this isn't your run-of-the-mill sub shack.
4	YUM! I got a pepper steak Philly cheese steak and my boyfriend got the steak and mushroom. Both were so great and moist, but at times was a little lacking in flavor. The meat could have been spiced more (more salted, even), but they make up for it with the crunchy yet chewy bread and delicious fries. They have this great mysterious spice that you can throw onto your fries and your sandwich -- it's in an orange container with the salt. I have no idea what it is but it is ridiculously yummy and makes your fries finger lickin' good!
4	One of my favorite places for Subs in Pittsburgh. Very cheap (less than $10) and the food is excellent. Can get crowded and loud, but that also means something right? It's probably because I stick with my standard, but I feel like something is missing...For a quick bite or lunch, you certainly can get a satisfying meal here!
4	Last weekend was my first time here, and I thought it was great! Even the vegetarian options are pretty unhealthy, but it is well worth it. Prices are low, especially since I took half my sandwich home with me. I don't eat food like this too often, but next time I am craving it, I will come here!
5	This is the best place for a sandwich. I order the Ultra Philly cheesesteak with everything. I got my order and the sandwich was cut into 2 big pieces. If you eat at the restaurant you get free fries, but you will be filled just from the sandwich itself. The cheesesteak was great. The steak was cut properly and every bite seem better than the last.
5	Long time favorite place of mine.  I stick with the Cheese Steak and can never finish a full one.  If you order in, you get fries included.They usually have some cheaper specials for kids.
3	No free refills on soda. The sandwiches are quite big, for the money. I always like eating here--I get the cheesesteak sub, which comes with French fries, but then I pretty reliably feel a little ill an hour later.
5	To each their own, but I'm surprised there's one negative review about Uncle Sams. I've been coming here on and off since 2003 when I started going to Pitt.  Someone had told me about the place before I arrived on campus and after the first time I went here, I went here every day for 30 days straight.  That's right.  I ate here every day for 1 month and it never got old.  I've never had anything expect the mushroom cheese steak and it's simply the best.  They season it well and it's always delicious.  My ex from Philly took me to have a famous Philadelphia cheese steak when I was there and it couldn't compare to Uncle Sam's!  Like someone else said, who the heck puts cheeze whiz spread on a sandwich?  That's Philly for ya lol.A couple of things that could be improved is like someone else said they used canned mushrooms which aren't bad, but aren't great.  The place could use a renovation and they could always have more friendly people taking your order. Just last weekend I was at the Uncle Sams in Robinson and the girl who took my order there was one of the best and kindest servers to ever wait on me.  Need more servers like her!
4	One of my favorite places in Pittsburgh.  I usually got the Uncle Sam's Special.  Their fries are pretty good.  I can't describe why, they just seem like regular fries.  But they're always crisp (not mushy) and salted just the right touch.
4	My go-to place for a good hot sub in Pittsburgh, and another great place for large portions at decent price. Favorite is the cheesesteak with mushrooms and an extra egg on top. Fried egg on a sandwich is a must, especially this sandwich. The bread is more chewy than crusty, but for this sandwich it works well because the bread sucks up all the juices but doesn't get soggy. I've also tried their potato and egg sandwich. Really simple, but it tastes so good and satisfying.For some reason all of their fries (classic fries, waffle fries, sweet potato fries, etc) taste so good. They're fresh, crispy, and nicely salted.
3	Want a good sandwich check them out inexpensive beats anything at subway firehouse togos. Service was awesome friendly two guys and a girl. Only thing I wish they had was a haberno sauce sausage sub very good
5	BEST FRIES EVER. (if you like them thin and crispy which, to me, is perfection in a fry)I've been going to this place since I was a teenager, so I may be a bit biased, but if you like a good deal in a great sandwich, then it's definitely the place to go. I always order the steak sub, everything but cheese, with extra fries. The bread is ALWAYS fresh. They are generous with the meat and toppings, and very fast. The atmosphere is nothing special, but it's clean and if you can snag a spot by the window to people-watch, you won't be disappointed. Note: I took my brother, who lives in Philly, here not long ago and he was not happy with the cheese steak. Especially with the fact that they didn't have any cheese wiz. But if you want a Philly-style cheese steak, with that weird fake cheese from a can, then by all means, go to Philly and knock yourself out. Uncle Sam's is not a Philly cheese steak place, it's a Pittsburgh sub shop, so be warned.
5	Some of the best sandwiches in Pittsburgh. Great portions. Can't wait to go back
3	I would eat at uncle Sams subs once a month at max. It's fine every once in a while. The Subs are greasy, and there are no free refills. NO FREE REFILLS!!!!! Be aware before you go if you plan on getting a refill it will set you back 50 cents! The best part of the restaurant is the fries. If you want a delicious grilled sub, go to peppi's.
4	This place is as good as everyone else on Yelp claims it to be.   I can't give it five stars because they give you free fries if you dine in but charge you for fries if you take out.   Nevertheless, awesome subs and I will continue going back!
5	I go out of my way to go here for not only the food, but the workers too. Everyone is so friendly. The food is always great and now that they know my taste in foods, they will try to make me a sandwich to my liking without me actually ordering it. They have never failed me. The workers love their job, always laughing and they get along so well. It feels like a family atmosphere when I walk in. They don't take credit cards but they now have an ATM in their establishment. You used to have to walk to a bank for cash, but now everything is under the same roof. Can't go wrong with their food and their waffle fries (special order) are so good.
5	Every sandwich I've ever had there was delicious. The people are nice and the service is fast.  Cheap too.
4	Sometimes you just need some meat in your life.  Sometimes, as a college student, you try to save money and avoid buying meat.  Sometimes, you lose this battle and end up at Uncle Sam's.I ordered a cheese steak sub ($7.44 including tax) to go.  It was delicious!  They actually put a decent amount of cheese on, and the lettuce, tomato, and mayo were put on in balance with the rest of the sandwich.  There are other sandwich choices that looked good as well, and the sandwiches are made pretty fast.  The workers were super nice, and I will definitely come back to try out more options!CASH ONLY!  (PNC is on the same block, there is an ATM in the store, and Citizens is over 2 blocks.)
2	50c on soda refills and free fries with your sub but only if you eat in. Uncle Sam's is about nickles and dimes and the food's quality doesn't justify.Every sandwich has a healthy dose of lettuce, tomato, an onion, but the spongy bread is too sweet. Sometimes the Italian tastes overcooked or old, like bad prosciutto. The steak is gray and bland. My go-to is the portabella, still my favorite after years. Ketchup on the trash can door and rickety dining room tables and chairs. The back half is depressing and the window-ed front half cramped. Atmosphere at Sam's is as thin as the service.Come for lunch and an afternoon of shopping on forbes avenue maybe followed by a film at the manor, but it's tough to justify with great pizza at Aiellos just a few blocks down Murray.
3	Maybe I am just a hater for all subs that are not Jimmy Johns. But I find these subs to be just okay. However, they could have just been over hyped and so I wasn't blown away by them when I first tried.I've tried the cappicola and philly cheese steak. Like I said, they were good but not amaaaaaazing. One great perk tho is that if you sit and eat inside, you get free fries with your order. Also, if you're considering Uncle Sam's you should check what the special is for the day. They have different deals everyday that are really sweet deals!Another tip is that they only take cash! I know this particular location has a PNC bank/ATM right next door but for those that don't have PNC, they also have a generic ATM inside.
5	My favorite sandwich place of all time.  Pretty cheap and always high quality.  Service is usually very fast as well!
