3	The Excalibur is a fine resort, but it pales in comparison to its counterparts down Las Vegas Blvd where other places feature finer amenities. It could not be more true when considering the buffet, which is C caliber food at best.  Just like the rooms, the food admission price is inexpensive.  But in hindsight, you really get what you're paying for as the selection is not the finest nor is it really abundant.  Bonus points for the fact they serve horchata (Mexican drink) during breakfast and lunch!  The decor is reminiscent of a Knight's table, coinciding with the theme of the King's Knights of Excalibur. Service has always been good, but it doesn't make up for the blandness of the food. If you're coming from college and don't have much money to spend, then here is a good place to cure your hangover. Other than that, stick to the other buffets that have higher quality food and quantity.
1	I want to give it 3 stars but I can't.  This place is horrible.  The only good part about this place was the drink fountain.  Yes, that's how sad it is. The only thing decent was the fried chicken.  I thought to myself, everything sucks, let's try to make up for it with the Carving station.  I was wrong, turkey sucked and so did the "Prime Rib".  Didn't taste very prime to me.  If you have any taste buds, you will avoid this place at all costs.  For your frugal people, go save yourself $10 and go to In & Out.  Everyone else, go to any 4 star hotel and eat there.  For people that read this review and still go there, please contact me so I can personally say "I told you so".I repeat, do not go here!
1	The food at this buffet is gross! For $15, you get tasteless food. The Asian and Carving stations were blah. There was an abundant of desserts, but they were blah as well.I would spend more money for better food! Stay away!!!
1	This place is gross. I would rather go to in-n-out burgers behind the casino. Or better yet, they have a little food court w/McDonalds really close to the entrance of the buffet. Just go there and get way better food for half the price. Everything is bland, everything is cheap. I also felt very dirty afterwards.
1	I'm not going to lie, with so many better buffets out there at around the same price, why go here? This place is a step above Hometown Buffet, and that's not saying much. The only thing I can commend this place for is their "premium" drinking water at the soda machine and their desserts. However, you can find the same selection of desserts at any other Vegas buffet.
2	I agree with the other yelpers.  I didn't expect much though - I mean it IS a buffet.  But I thought since I was in Vegas, I had to do the whole buffet thing and we were staying at the Excalibur, so it was convenient.  I have to say it was exactly what I expected.  It did stink that they didn't have any alcohol too.
3	When in Vegas you must eat buffet at least once. Or like me, you can do it three times. Don't judge me!
1	I write this review not so much as a judicial examination of the palatableness of the meal I had here last weekend, but rather as an urgent public service announcement meant to warn potential customers of the gastronomical suckerpunch they stand to receive should they make the mistake of eating at this wretched trough of culinary embarrassments.My meal was quite possibly the worst meal I have ever paid money for. And please, do not for one moment, think that is hyperbole.Below is a brief list of the sufferings I endured at brunch on Thursday morning.Omelet bar? Not exactly. Instead all the egg choices were fabricated in some sort of Omeleton 5000 device which creates strange semi-circle discs of "cooked" egg. In execution these abominations were really more akin to salmonella Hot Pockets with the outside cauterized into a leathery shell and the inside a viscous snot pocket of uncooked egg. Not even wrapping them in a tortilla, slathering them with cheese, salsa and sour cream could even save these leatherback puke pouches.Alright then, eggs are a pass. Let's move onto the pork products. You can't mess up pork products, right?Good god, yes you can apparently.The sausages were finger-length vessels of fail wrapped around latex-strength casings. To fully understand how it felt to cut one of these things I recommend you take a Robusto sized cigar and attempt to cut it crosswise into one inch segments. I think I used to make log cabins out of these things when I was a child.Terrible bacon? A statement like that should be nothing more than an oxymoron, or perhaps an ironic band name. But seriously, how do you fuck up bacon? It was more like tasteless crumbling wood chips. I'd just assume glue a bunch of Bacos together and eat that instead.Next I thought that perhaps the French Toast would make amends for the pillaging my taste buds have already incurred. Nope, the pillaging continued as I tried futilely to cut a bite-sized piece of the eggy bread bricks with my knife and fork. The slices were so tough that they actually resisted the maple syrup I had drenched them with. You know, the French have a version of their eponymously named bread called, "Pain perdu". Now, while the word, "pain" is certainly a poignant way to describe eating one of these Rubbermaid breakfast sponges, I really feel the best way to describe the Roundtable Buffet's French Toast is to use the literal translation of "Pain perdu", "Lost Bread". Truly, this dish was a tragic loss indeed.In the end I settled on a bowl of cottage cheese, an unpeeled orange and some pith-heavy grapefruit slices. For the next half hour I nursed a cup of (serviceable) coffee while my stomach curdled, whimpered and bubbled in discontent.Before we left however, my friends and I made one final gruesome discovery. The meatballs.Having arrived during brunch a small number of the buffet stations were serving luncheon fare. As almost a sort of macabre experiment to attain absolute certainty that the Roundtable Buffet at the Excalibur was the worst dining experience found on "The Strip", my friend brought back a small sampling from the Italian station. On his plate lie a minute serving of penne pasta with a meaty marinara sauce and a single, innocent looking meatball. A Tuscan inspired amuse-bouche perhaps? No. More like a vomi-bouche, or even, an amuse-fail. The meatball positively reeked. My friend couldn't eat more than a thumbnail-sized sliver before pushing the plate away in disgust. His wife, upon catching a whiff of the plate, rather insistently demanded that it be removed from the table. Somewhere in the distance I'm sure I heard a wolf howl.To those who claim, "You get what you pay for!" I call bullshit. I consistently eat far superior meals for well under $14.00 every week. The fare here in inexcusable; the fact that we waited in line before entering is baffling.So, to all the lords and ladies staying at the Excalibur, I say the following. Should you be swept up in the medieval theme that surrounds you at the Excalibur, please know that bravery is not attained at the Roundtable, only food poisoning.
3	I like this place. It reminds me of hometown buffet. If you are coming to the excalibur, you are not coming for fine dining. Lunch here is only 16 bucks for a buffet. However you can come and get an all day pass for 25 bucks. Thats the price of a single sitting at the mirage or other hotel buffets. They got the essentials, corn on the cob, chicken fried steak, carvings and mashed potatoes. Word of caution though, breakfast is the only thing thats different. They have eggs, bacon etc. Once breakfast is over, the trays will remain the same until 10pm with no new types of food coming out.
2	If you just like to eat for comfort but still prefer a buffet, go here. I felt like i was at hometown Buffet--one i never really liked. They have the same old chicken and rib choices on hot trays. Just because its in one of the known hotels in Vegas- doesn meanthey cant taste nasty. They do-- sorry. the salmon is just as wet as the hometown salmon and the gravy was even starting to spoil. I have to watch my budget so for a group choice, this will do. There are next times to try other posh places anyway. For tourists who's not really looking for the glit and lush of fine dining, this one's a wise choice. They have  promos like "come in any time from purchase til 6pm" and youre good to go.I hope they read this and they set another line for those with the pink tags, coz by the time you come back, like @ 5-6pm theyre really packed, line is long--and returnees are confused whether they should still fall in line or just show their tags to get seated. Round table buffet is wise---In VegaS it would be impossible to roam in just one area, probably by the time u'd like to avail their promo youre already at the other end of the strip so by the time youre promo ends, youd scram all the way back-- or probably not make it.But were wiser.
5	So I went here TWICE on Valentine's weekend (no, not on the 14th) with the lady friend. We went around 8 one night and then the next afternoon for the 2 for 1 from 2-6. We went there not because I'm cheap - it was practical considering both of our money limitations. And she's not cheap either.From my experience - for under 20 bucks it ain't bad at all (I would give it 4 stars, but I'm giving it 5 due to the jerks who gave it 1 or 2 stars for reasons mentioned below). Reading other people's reviews for this buffet and others I think that a lot of people go in with the wrong expectations/perspective:It's a friggin' buffet for pete's sake! You're supposed to eat as much as your stomach can handle so that you don't have to go to 3 restaurants that day! If you expect the food to be even close to gourmet you shouldn't be at a buffet in the 1st place. Or you should be at one of those $50 a pop ones. Kapeesh? Buffets are meant to let you get your ultimate bang for your buck - which is most easily accomplished with going back for refills numerous times. Even though the hotel - casino's make a lot of money, they don't want to lose too much on the buffet. Basic economics people (and I didn't even take any econ classes)!Yeah, a lot of their food was on the greasy side - but then again, I was in the mood for some greasy food and so was she. Plus, it's a buffet - making greasy food helps them keep prices down. The buffet had enough variety (the fish was a nice surprise)and some healthier options. We stayed for a good 2 hours (total) each time so our tummies could get a rest before getting some dessert.The staff was nice - actually, I loved the whole medieval theme at the Excalibur, made me feel like a kid playfully fighting (on guard!). I thought the whole thing where the staff person waiting at your table waved the flag so you could find your table was awesome - it's little unique things like that that made the experience even better.Oh - and when we had to wait over an hour for the 2 for 1, I ain't complaining the slightest bit. It's OUR own fault that we didn't get there earlier. Come on, do you expect there to be no line at a buffet when it's 2 for 1? If you expect that, I suggest you repeat kindergarten........ seriously. Plus, it was kinda fun being near some kids playing around in line.
1	Please, please, please - No one eat Excalibur's revolting buffet and go away thinking that is what Vegas buffets are all about.The filth they trough-up for you at Round Table is exactly why buffets get such a bad rap. The food is absolutely awful. No matter how much you think they aren't going to be able to mess something up, they somehow manage it. Chicken is rubbery, tasteless and tough, salads are limp, tainted with other bits of stuff that people have dropped during the course of the day, Pizza is cold, old and so congealed to the serving area you just about need a jackhammer to extricate a slice.Even with the 2 for 1 before 2PM offer you are FAR better off eating just about anywhere.
3	This is a review of breakfast only, so take that for what you will.On going here for breakfast, the decision really was that it was a choice between buffet and regular breakfast in one of the other restaurants that would cost about the same.  We figured it was just better to take a chance on breakfast.I'm glad we did.  I don't expect much of any breakfast buffet, and that includes it actually tasting good or having much variety.  I was proven wrong on both counts.They had the majority of stations open for breakfast in some fashion, so salad was fruits and yogurt and such, the "carving" area was doing omelets, Mexican was vaguely such, but had chorizo and some other items I liked, etc.  About the only area that wasn't the same is that the "Chinese" area had been taken over for pastries.  As far as quality, you're not going to get fresh eggs benedict at a buffet, but outside of that, most of it was decent, if not actually good.As a note, though, avoid the bacon.  Normally, I like bacon, and it's one of the few things that holds up well in this format.  This back, though, was terrible.  I'm not sure what brand it was, but I wouldn't feed it to a dog.  It was that bad.Anyway, next time I'm in Vegas and need to cure a hangover, or just don't want to go out right away in the morning, I'm heading here.~EEE~
2	First, I generally avoid buffets (all-day reheated food...ick).  However, Excalibur has a $25 all-you-can-eat all-day (meaning you can leave and come back as many times as you want) deal, and I'm cheap.  So that's what we did.Also, the $25 all-day pass allows you to bypass the massive lines that form during normal meal times.  That alone is almost worth it.Breakfast was awesome.  I don't do eggs or cheese, so I can't attest to the omlette-type stuff (though my two friends were big fans).  But they had all sorts of meats, stuffed peppers, good sausage, plus lots of yogurt, cereal, granola, fruit, etc.  Also, despite at least one previous review, they DID have fresh Eggs Benedict.  My sis loved it.If only dinner had been as good.  But...I guess that's what you expect when food is sitting under heat lamps all day.  The pork ribs were so tough I couldn't chew them, even after about 5 minutes of trying.  Mashed potatoes & gravy were good, as was some mystery slab of meat and the minestrone soup.  Other than that... meh.  Not so great.Good desserts, though.  At least, that's what my friends said (I was too stuffed for dessert).
4	I normally hate Buffet's and didn't really want to go to a buffet, plus with all the bad revues I was seeing I was like you want to go were ?OK so we had not been to a Buffet in ages and its kind expected in Las Vegas to eat at least one meal at a buffet, and they have this 2 for 1  deal till like 6pm, and $19.99 for 2 people is  good deal if the food is any goodWell the food was good I don't know what was different tonight from the other Revues but I left full and happy.The Veggies were lightly steamed and still crisp and very tastyThe Thia Ribs were nice and tender but still firm and not dried out with lots of flavorthe fish was nice and firm and didn't taste fishy or smell and it wasn't dried out or over cookedThe Roast they were carving up fresh was Perfect !!! it was nice and pink in the middle, and it was more Tender than the Prime Rib I had for dinner last night the salad Bar was really nice fresh veggies all looked green and were crisp and they have whole boiled eggs a nice touch IMO, they also have Mellon, Honey Dew and Cantaloupe, also Bananas, and they have Pita wedges and Humus, the Humus was very good alsothe Dessert bar had about 5 different Pies and 5 Different Cakes, they also have brownies and cobbler, plus soft serve Ice Cream, all the Pastries looked to be make in sugar free also that's  a cool optionAll in all it was worth ever penny and worth the time we waited in line to get a seat
2	I would compare this buffet like the one to Imperial Palace. It is just okay for the price at the time $8.95. You get a ton of choices, but the quality was not up to par.  I give it a two stars because well of the selection.  Other than that you mine as well go to the Circus Circus buffet which is probably cheaper and the food quality is the same.  Anyways most of the reviews on here are spot on =)
2	just to be fair, the pricing at this place is the best and is what drew me here in the first place: -- The Excalibur has a 2-for-1 buffet special every day between 2  - 6 pm for $17.99. (Special not valid with any other offer, Children's prices not included. Not available during holiday periods.)-- PLUS -- $25 all day buffet pass... now for the review, 2 star is a bit harsh since I usually factor in the pricing for the value calculation. We were walking around the strip hungry and it's nearing 2pm, saw the ad above and decided it's actually cheaper than eating at the food court. however, if I have a choice for another buffet on the strip next time, I probably would not have bothered to come here, the food is below LV standards and I am glad that I only paid 1/2 price for it (2-for-1 deal)... overall, though, I still have to admit that it's cheaper to eat here than at the food court for fast food, though not sure about if the calorie count is worth it...
1	I love cafeteria-style food. Always have, always will. I cried when they shut down the good, old-fashioned, cafeteria-style eatery at my college and opened a "gourmet" food emporium in its place.Because I'll take a Salisbury steak over a t-bone any day, I figured the Round Table buffet would be just what the doctor ordered to satisfy my gambling-weary belly. My low standards were unflappable... or so I thoughtSWEET CHRIST WAS I WRONG!This was, and forever will be, the single worst meal of my entire life. I am just dumbfounded. How on earth is it possible to have 90 different foods available, with not a single one being even remotely edible? It is almost like they TRIED to make it horrible. Really.Beyond tasting bad, I got the distinct feeling that everything I put in my mouth was diseased. The "shrimp", if they could be called that, looked less like they had been caught fresh, and more like they had died of AIDS. I've never seen shrimp that oddly thin before. Really, it looked like they had survived some sort of shrimp holocaust. Same with the "clams". The meat from the carving station was so tough I couldn't cut it with my knife, but the effort was rewarded by a taste that suggested the flesh was infected with the prions that cause Krutchfield-Jacobs disease. The chickens that gave their lives for this dinner service likely came from one of those Chinese industrial farms that are responsible for influenza pandemics.And I could make better lo-mein, despite the fact that I have no clue where to even begin, because I wouldn't cook it in used engine grease. That is what it tasted like.The only reason I left this meal with a full stomach was because I had to try everything in a desperate attempt to find something I could eat. By the time I had failed in this task, I had literally taken one bite of every offering they had, and found myself full with a bizarre stew of various meats and cheeses and sauces and doughs and the following types of organisms known to cause severe food poisoning: Clostridium botulinum, Ciguatera, Yersinia, Shigella, Listeria monocytogenes, E Coli EC 0157, Bacillus cereus, Vibrio parahaemolyticus, Clostridium perfringens, Staphlococcus aureus, Campylobacter jejuni, and Salmonella.Now the clientele at the Round Table Buffet was another source of pleasure. Never have I seen so many people in the same room eating food while a lit cigarette dangled from their mouth. But this was also the only "restaurant" where such a practice would actually improve the taste of the food, or at least mask the odor of decay. Beyond them, I was also treated to a fair share of trailer-trash in wedding dresses bragging about how much they drank at Bennigan's the night before, and folks who looked like they were missing 9 to 12 chromosomes (though I am happy to report that the chromosome that enables one to find a store that still sells fanny packs was certainly still present and active in most of them).To wrap up:Food: Disgusting and Diseased.People: Yowsa.Overall: I want to kill myself.I just can't quite feel human again until I am sure that this meal is completely and forever passed through my GI tract.
2	The breakfast here sucks and is freaking nasty so i will give it 1 star. On the other hand i do enjoy their lunch and dinner. This is a upscale version of hometown buffet and that is what you should expect. 3 stars for lunch/dinner so overall, 2 stars.
3	Alright haters, calm it down! Picture this: You're about to eat at a buffet in the Excalibur Hotel which is a cheap older hotel, they offer an eat all day pass to their buffet for $25 and did I mention it's in the Excalibur Hotel? I mean come on, what did you expect when you chose to eat here? I knew exactly what I was getting into and to my surprise they exceeded my expectations and I left a very full and happy diner. Would I eat here again? Absolutely. Would I take part in their $25 all day pass? You betcha. Side note: Gotta love the people who sit you at your table. They carry a flag above their head so you can see where they're going. Makes me feel like I'm in a tourist group. Made me laugh.
1	Foods at  Round Table buffet were carefully prepared to taste awful.  So you  wont come back for the second or third round.  It's another way of making profits out of All-Day-Pass buffet !! All these nasty comments you've read on this page are swear to be true.  Take this valuable advise from these experts.
2	I have eaten at this buffet for breakfast four or five times. The pancakes were dry, the vegetables looked anything but fresh, and much of the food just didn't look good. For a few dollars more, you can hike over to the Mandalay Bay buffet and get a WONDERFUL (by comparison) breakfast. The high points of the Roundtable Breakfast Buffet were the Omelets and the Mexican bar (good meat here). Everything else was inedible to my picky eyes.
3	Just Because soem of the food you find there may not compare with The Wynn or the Bellagio but come on people its cheap food and soso tasting granted you can go to another Buffet and paymore and you get better food, but for cheap grub it aint bad!!! I love to hit this place for breakfast, its cheap and good. The is the only place I every eat grits  and they are good. They have sereal stations open during this time you have a good of diffrent things.
1	They should have given me a free meal pass for this buffet, especially since I was staying at there hotel. The meal was definately NOT worth paying $20.99. Prime rib was below average and no snow crab. Very little to no seafood and the food has very little or no taste at all. The waiter/waitress will clear off the table for you when you're ready for seconds, but they will NOT get you another beverage as you have to get that yourself. There are definately other buffets in Vegas that are a lot better for the price you'd spend here.
2	I opted for the dinner buffet for $18.99 - I was not particularly tempted to try the all day 'eat till you puke' deal for $29.  I actually comparison shopped the other bufftets around it (Mandalay Bay, Luxor) and it looked roughly comparable (sans one or two higher end items like shrimp and crab) for a bit lower price.As with most buffets, I like to try a small portion of anything I can get my hands on and usually I can find an item or two that I really like.  I frankly don't remember one food item that I enjoyed.  Among the lowlights: Unintentionally cold lasagna (keep the steam tables filled Sir Lunchalot!), Unintentionally dry and chewy beef ribs (characteristics I love - when I'm eating beef jerky), Unintentionally runny pie (maybe intentional - see Randy Quaid in Vegas Vacation), and it goes on.I'm adding a half a star because it is relatively inexpensive and I did enjoy the nacho chips and beverage station where they had some sort of knockoff low-cal vitamin water (for the health conscious among us at the Roundtable Buffet).  One more half a star for the bathroom fixturing.  This is the first buffet I have eaten at where they have a sharps disposal bin (i.e. disposal bin for needles after you inject yourself with insulin so you can go out into the trough and kill yourself some more) in the powder room.  A truly insightful designer came up with that.
4	All you can eat all day long for $30? Sign us up! This is like a Hometown Buffet with a better salad bar. The food is basic, comforting and a great tummy filler to soak up the alcohol and great padding for the next round. I found several comfort food items for every meal that were just fine. My favorite meal was breakfast. Nothing was over cooked or dry on the times I've gone. The hot items were hot and the cold items were cold. The beverage selection is great as well. The only thing I can say I didn't like is the desserts. I have yet to find a buffet that really has any good desserts anyway!!!
1	This is one of the worst buffets on the strip.  The food was cold and the selection was not so great.  I found it strange that they had cold cuts on the buffet.  Not worth your money!
1	This place was disgusting even my 12 year old did not like it. Everything came out of a box. We were very disappointed and will not return to this buffet.
1	The worst buffet I been to in Vegas. Nuff said!
1	On one of our trips to Vegas we stayed at Excalibur and decided to try out the buffet because it was close and cheap...big mistake!The food looked disgusting and tasted just ok. My boyfriend cracked a tooth with one of the ribs that was supposed to be boneless but wasn't.My friend picked up two ice cream cones that looked like they had flies baked into the bottom. When we brought it to the attention of the attendants, they said it was from the cast iron forms they are cooked in, yeah right!Needless to say, I will not be returning here.
3	Good food for the money. Chinese food was not that tasty but the atmosphere was worth it.
1	Please don't waste your money! This had to be the wackest buffets I've ever been to in Vegas! It was so sad. I think it might be meant for older crowds its just Blah...We Paid to eat for the whole day so we had to go back at least a second time. We basically wasted $29.99 +tax. the second trip was just as bad as the first. Next time I'll stick with the Buffet @ The Luxor. OMG and to make matters worse we later found out that for the same price you can have access to 6 far superior buffets further up the strip. My feeling are still a little tender about this one.
1	This is a horrible buffet.  I have been here twice and both times I questioned those who dragged me in there.  The only thing good here is the soda and sometimes the dessert.  A bonus though, they have some fruit (apples and bananas) and they are easy to put in your purse and snack on later.  The food is poor quality, appears to have been re-heated under a heat lamp from the day before, and everything has a similar color to it when it shouldn't.  The vegetables aren't that fresh, the salad bar is limited, and the rest of the hot food is unappealing.  You could easily go here and fill up on food but you might need to rest for awhile afterward and be close to a bathroom.  It's the kind of full where you regret what you just ate and you are mad at yourself for spending money on food like that.Do yourself a favor and fork out a few more dollars to go to a better buffet down the street or save a couple dollars and hit up McDonald's.
3	not the las vegas buffet people talk about. drinks were self serve and the selection was small. the people i went with was impressed with the Chinese food selection. on the up side they did have the restaurant advertised on the big kiosk outside the hotel. the sign drew us in.
2	basicaly, you get what you pay for.i had this the night before we left and i made four bathroom trips on the way home.
5	this buffet was amazing a wide variety of dinner,lunch, breakfast,dessert everything you could ask for in a buffet.line wasn't to long and it was a great experience can't wait to visit Las Vegas again.
2	The worst meal I had on this Vegas trip. Never again. I'm in Vegas I should've known better than to go here. FAIL
2	The Roundtable Buffet was an excellent deal at $25/all day but the quality was mediocre at best. We had a member of our party with a food allergy and we specifically emailed them weeks in advance to find out how their food was prepared and to say they were less than honest would be an understatement. Of course, we didn't find this out until we were into the dinner service and the member of our party happened to notice a piece of shellfish which she is severely allergic to in a salad that she was told should be safe. Regardless of the allergy issues, If you've ever been to Hometown Buffet or Golden Corral, you'll have an expectation of the quality of food you'll be receiving. It's not mind-blowing, but it's not terrible either. The quality is sufficient and they seem to do a decent job at rotating things as they become old or empty.In terms of the management of volume, they were completely unprepared to deal with the amount of people at the dinner service. They had 4 buffet bars total, but only had one open and the line was out the door to even get in, then again long to get any food on the buffet, and terribly long if you wanted to get anything at the "cutting station".The floors in the little rooms where you self-serve drinks were sticky and you had to double-check your cups as one batch we noticed didn't appear to be completely clean.Overall, if you're willing to save a few bucks and don't have any food allergies, the Roundtable may be for you. The $25/day deal can't be beat, just be sure you're diligent while visiting this aging buffet.
2	It's a decent enough price for being able to get in and out and eat what you want at your leisure until 10pm. The dessert bar had a wide selection. You'll find a $5 off coupon in your Excalibur magazine for an even better rate than the usual $25 fare. Folks with food allergies should be extra cautious dining here. We emailed in advance about food prep and cross contamination. Their responses about their care in prep turned out to be less than truthful. They were very responsive when problems arose, but generally lacked any knowledge of safe handling procedures or labeling of seafood items. I would assume the same for nut allergens.
1	Let me start by saying if you have ever seen Vegas Vacation, then you know what its like to eat at the Excalibur buffet. The only thing missing was the blue slop. All other colors of questionable foods were available. I had eaten here before, but it was about 10 years ago. Coincidentally, I think the same food that wad on the buffet then is still there today. I went because I was hungry and it was close. I also hadn't slept in 32 hours. Until now, I was unaware that you could mess up coffee to the point where it makes instant coffee made on a camping stove taste like gourmet. It too tasted like it had been there since my last visit. To say its terrible is an understatement on the sale of calling WWII a slight misunderstanding. The only reason I gave it a star is because yelp made me to write a review. They have a great deal though, you can food poisoning once for 17.00 or all day for 25. Just think of all the money you'll save gambling by being in the bathroom all day.
1	Buffet = Mass quantities of low quality food. I came here for the daily deal, $30 for all you can eat, all day, all the time until 10pm. Meaning you can come back as many times as you want. As usual the food quality was below standard, typical of most buffets. The only reason to go would be for the great deal ($30 all day eats), it is $25 for all day eats during the week too!
1	sucked sucked sucked. this is my first and last time im eating at the round table , i will never eat at any of the other shit holes in that hotel either. futher more i will never buy another all day pass at  any other all you can eat deals. i paid $ 25.00 plus tax .... total $ 27.01. i gave the cashier $ 27.00 and was looking for change . i didnt have any so i had to give the cashier  another dollar and got my 99 cents back . they need that penny or else the buffet will close down and the victims of the round table buffet will have to go to another hotel  and eat much better food. long lines of food warming all day . one pile of shit looked worst then the next. for breakfast the hostess with the warmth and kindess of of a prision  guard on the rag finally gave me a seat .i stoped eating because i was getting nausious ( feeling sick and might puke up that delightful soggy crap ) . dinner was no better . im so glad im out of that place and recouperating back in my hotel room.
3	OK I have eaten at soooo many buffets in Vegas, but this by far is the worst one that I have ever been to. Now the only reason I had the buffet here is because it was the first all day buffet in Vegas and it was in our hotel.  Me and my buddies went there for breakfast and let me just say there were more empty sections in the buffet then there was food.  Second of all I got Eggs Benedict and it was so tough that I need a steak knife to cut threw it.  Now why did I give it 3 stars?#1 well the service was pretty good compare to other buffets, but then again probably because hardly anyone was there.  #2 They had lobster that was given to us (still not that great)#3 The dessert section was pretty good (I have a huge sweet tooth)All in all, I would not pay for the buffet here unless I was told it was for free or someone else paid for me.
2	Weak buffet.  Good thing I only paid for the lunch pass instead of the all-day pass.  Very limited selection, but it gets more than 1 star because there was no wait, and it wasn't too expensive.I don't even know how I got here.  Everything seems to blur together when you're drinking and not sleeping.
1	Ok let me start by saying no one to blame but myself. Reason I am stating that early on is last year I ate here and it was the most disgusting food ever! I spent the next two days on the can! So what brought me here again for more torture? Laziness, kindness, ignorance, maybe a little of all the above. I was in Vegas for work and stayed at the Excalibur hotel and was in the room contemplating what to eat. I knew that the MGM had received some mighty good ratings and I thought about that. I went on line and saw they had Alaskan King Crab legs and prime rib. Sounds good, but I also didn't want to walk across the street and brave the crowds in the street. Another issue was I wanted to try it with my significant other so I decided to just stay in house. So I decided to walk down stairs and eat at the Excalibur. OMG what happens next is hard to explain. I noticed that they had 3 bars and only one was open. I started in the beginning and they had do it your self Cesar salad, do it your self Asian salad and do it your self salad bar. That alone took up about 1/3 of the food section. Next I noticed some fine gourmet foods that left me speechless like frozen style pizza, corn dogs and mac and cheese. I immediately thought of National Lampoons Vegas Vacation, damn I wanted the blue stuff. The ribs were chewy, the Asian food was cold, the selection was terrible. It was all the same stuff as last time I ate here. Considering how tough the food was it might have actually been the same! I ended up back in the can again for 24 hours and like I said before it was my fault. The staff was another issues. I see on other posts they were compared to prison guard, I like to think they were zombies. Maybe they lost there life savings and were now slaves to the casino, either way they were terrible. I saw one man with 5 empty plates on his table and the staff just looked at him and ignored the plates. (coming to think of it how the hell can he eat that much) I will never ever go there again even if it was my last meal and it was free and I was being served by Holly Madison!
1	So the first time I ate here was with my girlfriends in April I was the only one that got sick so I thought it was just me. I went back in July with six other people four got sick including me. I will never go back!
1	"I am one-star yelping the SHIT out of this place!!"I knew this wasn't a good buffet. But a friend really wanted to try it. I don't think I ever need to go back.SERVICE - I'm sorry, but piss-poor. The cashiers are the type of people whom you can tell hate their jobs and hate life. Answering "I don't know" to basic questions about hours or champagne offerings, just to be lazy, when clearly, they do know. We waited 5 minutes for the dinner buffet, and asked for champagne. We told the woman that's why we waited 5 minutes. We were charged, got our bracelets, and went inside, only to be told that we had only been charged for the regular buffet. So we had to go back outside, pay more, and wait for a manager to come and re-do the transaction. After the manager charged my friend and her boyfriend, the cashier let her go, forgetting that I had the same problem too. So we had to wait for her again. It seriously took us 20-30 minutes just to get in. And there was no line.FOOD - It's buffet food, so I'm not sure what new I could say here. It looks like an expansive buffet, but the main buffet counter that runs the length of the restaurant is just a mirror image of the one on the other side. The guacamole was completely frozen. Yes, frozen. It was a large ball where the fresh guac had been scraped away by other diners, leaving the ice. Dumplings and sushi were horrible, but I'm sure you already knew that before reading this review. Some of the food was enjoyable and decent, which is why most people who come to this buffet are probably drunk. The pastas, orange chicken, and desserts weren't bad. DRINKS: We paid for the all-you-can-drink champagne, an extra $8. The "bar" was a small counter in the front of the restaurant, serving wine and beer. To get champagne, we had to go to the counter and pick up a tiny, nearly shot-sized glass of it. For $8 and for such an inconvenient system, we began either pouring it into our water glasses, or finishing it as we got food so that we could be served more. I bought two bottles of wine for our table for $12 each, which wasn't a bad deal. They must rip people off on the champagne to encourage them to buy bottles of wine. Not really any redeeming qualities for this buffet, whatsover. Stick with the Spice Market or the Carnival buffets; you'll save money, have better food, and be happier.
2	Service was OK - maybe a little better than average. At one point I tried to get chocolate milk and it was out. I went and sat down. The guy who was upkeeping the drink station at the time found my table to tell me he was refilling the chocolate milk. That was pretty cool but other than that the customer service was generically mediocre.This place is a value proposition. None of the food is good but almost all of it was passable. If you eat for the sake of satiating your stomach then I guess that's fine, but I really want to enjoy my food. For $25 or $30 (depending on day) you can get unlimited buffets for a day. The ingredients used are very low grade and you'll likely fill up faster than you think you should. It might even make you sick if you're used to eating fairly healthy. But $30 for an all day buffet is one of the best prices you'll find on the Strip. The free drink selection is also pretty good and I like being able to refill my own cup instead of waiting for a crappy waiter to come by (like some Vegas buffets).The one star reviews are pretty unfair but I will never go back so I can't rate it 3 stars (which is my cut off for a restaurant I'd at least consider going to again). You're much better off with the fast food options in Excalibur or on the Strip.
3	The breakfast buffet wasn't so bad.  I had lotsa scrambled eggs bacon, tator tots, hash brown, country fried chicken with gravy and biscuit...then i drank orange juice, and grapefruit juiceee mmmm...
1	At first I couldn't even find this buffet on Yelp to review it. It turns out that I was searching "Round Table" buffet and it's listed under "Roundtable" buffet. Silly me.Then I noticed that, unlike most other Vegas buffets which have several hundred reviews, this one only has about 60. I figure there are two possible reasons for this: One, maybe they had trouble finding it through the search function, like I did.Two, and more likely, people don't review this buffet because it's just not very good.Don't get me wrong - I like Excalibur's cheesy, slightly dirty interior and vibe. I dig the cheap hot-dog-and-beer deal you get at the sports book. And I think I'd be okay with the Excalibur's buffet - if only they didn't charge so much for it. This is a downtown-caliber buffet with Strip prices. The food isn't that good, the selection isn't that good, and the champagne brunch is overpriced, with champagne so terrible that I had to mix it with OJ just to make it drinkable. And trust me - I am no champagne connoisseur.Save your money and spend part of it on the hot dog, then gamble with the rest of it and try to get yourself a free drink. Trust me.
2	We were staying in the excalibur (NOT my choice... ugh) and decided to eat breakfast at the buffet out of convenience. Ugh. We waited for 40 minutes to get in and once we got in I waited another 35 minutes for an omelet. there were only like 4 people in front of me... I don't know how it possibly took so long, but the BF was able to eat a complete plate of food while I was waiting. The food wasn't inedible, but it was definitely the worst buffet food I've had in vegas. We decided to wait for them to turn the buffet over to lunch, but once they did there was nothing that looked good enough to eat. It was like they opened frozen dinners and put them into chaffing dishes. Don't waste your money here.
3	What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said! It is a Vegas buffet. It's got a ton of choices, none stellar, none crappy.It's perfect if you need to fill up fast while at the Excalibur and not waste your time deciding where to go eat.
1	This is a pretty big buffet but it's pretty gross. It's reminds me of the old school Vegas buffets, before they got fancy. It's a big long line of trays which makes jumping to and from items pretty difficult. Expect nasty little kids running all over and fatties trying to jump in front of you for the last piece of fried chicken. The ONLY reason to get this buffet is if it's free.
1	We ate here two-days (all-you-can day pass).  I am generally not a fun of buffets but found this to be awful.  They had the exact some food both days (for the meals we did eat there).The employees are not really very friendly and most of the time we ate there nobody even asked how it was going.I would not recommend this buffet.  Caution:  if you use a debit/credit card to pay for the buffet they put an additional hold for $300.00 each time we purchased an all you can day pass.
1	its 6 month's later  and i still hate this resturant ... i want my money back plus the day i wasted at the excalibur..... this place is a EPIC FAIL
1	Ok, this was almost too good to believe, especially in Vegas, but I was with a group so I am game. The breakfast was ok, not stellar but eatable. We came back for a quick lunch/snack and the food was absoulutely HORRIBLE. To make matters worst we were confronted by a rude female manager (Dixie) questioning my group as to who told us we could sit where we were sitting. She then went further to slap us in the face by refunding one of our group members without aknowledging that we all were unhappy with the service and food. After some complaining by my best friends mom we all got half our funds back. Needless to say I will not be returning to this place and if you value your money, I advise you to go else where. Side note: The carrot cake was to die for. LOL
2	It's a cheap buffet ($15/person for lunch), and compared to the other ones in Vegas, it's just... alright. You get what you pay for. We left pretty full. My favorite part was the dessert bar. They had a great selection, and it tasted pretty decent.
2	I was staying on a work visit at Excalibur and decided to try out the buffet as I thought it'd be quicker than trying to sit down at one of the other restaurants.I was quickly mistaken as it seems the buffet line couldn't seem to be executed quickly.I waited for a good 45mins before I was even seated. They offered a unlimited "eat all day" option for a higher price and when those people came back for their meal; they were told they had to return to the end of the line like everyone else.Once I got seated & tried to get into line to get food; it wasn't very well organized and the food was sub-par. Not a huge selection & they had steamed shrimp but no butter. Asked the chef if they had melted butter & was told they had butter for bread & that was all.Overall, you'll get what you pay for. It was not the best meal I've had.
1	Horrible food, literally the worst buffet I've ever been to. The drinks are good and so is the desert station... But not good enough to make up for how awful the food is. Hometown buffet is gourmet in comparison! We had several plates at the table that we're finally picked up as we were on our way out. I wouldnt even eat here again for free!
1	This is the worst buffet I have tried in my 6 years of criticizing. The food is horrible and the service, bad (I am just being nice). Believe this or not, when I went to the washroom, people were waiting in line to use the toilet stalls because of the bad buffet/food. I can hear people farting and struggling in there. LOL, I have never seen this before. I would not recommend this to anyone because I do not want any of you waiting in that washroom.
2	My friends bought the all day pass (after I'd already had breakfast) so I coughed up the $29.99 to eat with them for lunch and dinner. Not impressed. A fair amount of choices, including shrimp and prime rib, but the salads weren't that good and for the price I was expecting a lot more.
1	THE ONLY GOOD THING ARE THE DONUTS.And I'm pretty sure they were Entenmann's brand that they just put in the buffet. The soda doesn't even taste right. It's way too sugary and not bubbly enough. Everything here is stale. I made the MISTAKE of buying the all-day pass. My friend conned me into it, saying how awesome it would be. (I'm looking at you SNFX). $24.95 to eat pieces of shit. Literally like eating pieces of shit. It all looks okay from far away but once you start eating it, you feel your life force floating away from you. I could literally TASTE the disgusting stick of butter in the fried rice. It was so disgusting. Nothing tasted right here. Worst freaking food ever. Seriously. Don't go here.
3	I was pretty pleased with the buffet here, though admittedly I really only went there for breakfast.  At $14, I felt breakfast was reasonably priced especially considering it's vegas!  They also have an all day all you can eat pass for $30.I'm a big fan of breakfast food, so was pleasantly surprised to find they served breakfast till at least noon. They had fried plaintains for breakfast...super bomb, perfectly ripe a surprising inclusion. Their french toast is delicious, but pass on the waffles; they look like great, plump, belgian waffles but are too spongy to enjoy. If you want breakfast get there early because the line to that part of the buffet gets long.
2	Selection seems large at first but it's simple duplicated.  I found the orange chicken crispy but sauced unevenly.  The potato slices were pretty good.  The prime rib was either undercooked or overcooked I could never arrive just in time for that rare perfect cut.The desserts were pretty good.  The gooey brownie/marshmallow/chocolate syrup/graham cracker smore concoction was inventive..I loved the tiramisu.  Very good.  Everything else: meh. I've experienced better.
1	Don't come here for breakfast.  For $15, you're better off at a Denny's. The selection was smaller than I had expected; I thought there were two long aisles of food, but it turned out that they were just mirror images of each other.  Blargh!  Flanking the center two aisles were doughnuts on one side and waffles/pancakes and...Chinese food(?!) on the other side. Everything here tasted like it came out of a box, had been sitting out for too long, and not freshly prepared. I was not impressed. Yeah, don't come here for breakfast.
3	I have no real complaints about this buffet.  It was decent (way better than the buffet at the Luxor, even though the food was similar).  I wouldn't seek this one out, but if you are staying here, then it's worth the convenience for breakfast.
2	I went for the all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet for $15.  I mean, Las Vegas is the hands-down king of buffets, so even if I erred, it couldn't be that bad, all things considered.  Or at least that is what I thought.  Truth be told, this was the worst buffet of the half dozen or so I tried in Vegas.  It suffers from having a very limited selection and low quality food at that.  Indeed, for breakfast the selection is pretty basic and not especially original; think generic diner menu.  The quality of the food was consistent with eating at a Denny's.  The pre-made, smallish Denver omelets were off-putting enough, that I couldn't finish mine, and I always finish my omelet.  The hash browns, bacon, and sausage were lackluster and not memorable.  The scrambled eggs were pretty bad.  I declined to go back for seconds!  I had to get my juice myself, and some of the machines were either out of order or having technical problems (lots of water, little juice for example).  I really don't see any point in eating here unless convenience is everything.  For the same price point, you can have a much better and grander buffet at the Orleans for example.  Pass.
2	I won't write much about this; I'll just keep it brief.There was a good selection for the price, but the quality of the food wasn't really good. The staff did a good job though.I'd say that, being the same price as Luxor's, I 'd recommend going to Luxor because even though there was a smaller selection and Luxor, the food was still a little bit better.
2	Better than the Luxor buffet...but not by much.  I got the all day buffet pass which was good at both locations, but in the end I felt it was a waste of $35.  Neither buffet was worth the trip.  I came here for early dinner and most of the bar was sectioned off; the selection was TINY.  There was prime rib and brisket though, but it hardly justifies the price of admission.So far I've hit three buffets on the Strip...and they all stink.  I know there are some better ones out there, I just haven't gotten to them yet.  Will keep updating.
4	The other reviewers have apparently had excellent meals at buffets. I never have. The food here is like every buffet I've ever been to. It meets the requirement of being edible, and after it goes down, it doesn't come up. The pork loin was even kinda tasty. The watermelon surprised by being perfectly ripe. During the competition to get at the food, I only had to curse at one patron, so this was a fairly pleasant experience. Go.
4	Wife and I went while staying at the Tropicana.We had read some of the negative reviews but decided to try it anyway. We were NOT disappointed! I mean, the food was not excellent, but what buffet is? If you walk into a buffet expecting it to be a Zagat 30 rating or AAA 5 diamond joint, then of course you will be let down.Adjust your expectations to allow for the fact that the food is pretty much mass produced instead of cooked to order and you'll write a much more accurate review.We bought the all-day pass and it ended up being a great deal! Of course there are things that are not good. The taco station was worse than you would get at a Taco Bell and their attempt at oriental cuisine was pretty laughable.But overall there was plenty of food to choose from, most of which was rather good, desserts were good/great and drinks were awesome!
1	I had a $25 food credit as part of my players club offer, so I tried the buffet at Excalibur. At free, it was overpriced. The sushi was sub-par, the choices were limited and unappetizing. Corn dogs and Cheese Wiz mac & cheese? Not the worst beat I have taken in Vegas, but eating at this awful buffet was a bad beat.
1	Thought you couldn't mess up breakfast. Food was dry and bland. Would not recommend this place.
1	Holy freaking crap.Usually when i encounter something this bad i have to immediately yelp the sh*t out of it but fortunately i proceeded to get completely trashed immediately following my last experience here and forgot to write the scathing review that it deserved.   Now that its been over a month or so since i visited the buffet the memory of it's horror has diminished (a bit) but i'll do my best to give it justice.Ok, so here we are in Vegas, Buffet city right? so we figured we'd give the buffet at our hotel a try (btw, this buffet is at the Excalibur Casino which also sucks for many other reasons i won't go into here...).  When we got to the buffet we were presented with an option of $16 for the one time entry or something like $30 for the all day buffet,  We opted for the $16.Now me and the wife are relatively small people but we like to try lots of different things, so on our first round we each got about one spoonful (or the smallest possible serving) of about half of the items that they served.  After the first few bites, we gave each other a look, then a few more....   WTF?  we literally could not tell the difference between any of the foods.   I tried her plate, she tried mine, yep, the same thing.  so we pushed the food around on our plate and left it for the waiter hoping it looked like we ate enough and wen't back in search of more, hopefull better offerings.Round 2:  Epic fail!   at one point my wife was pushing the plate away from her and grunting "NO!" like a 2 year old who doesn't want to eat  her creamed peas...  "NO!"Round 3, Deserts.Seriously, what the F is wrong with these people.  Where the cooks involved in a horrible taste bud destroying accident leaving them utterly incapable of adding flavor? I don't get it, we saw all sorts of people around us wolfing this swill down so maybe we're just weird, or maybe people from California are just different than the rest of the nation... i don't know.  All i can say is.  Avoid at all costs.  in fact you'd be better off eating that stinking McRib that everyone always goes ape sh*it about.  Whats up with that anyway, its horrible,  AM/PM's rib sandwich  is like a porterhouse steak compared to that pile of reconstituted port byproduct.  but i digress.
1	A buffet can't get worse than this. The only comment I have is: don't go here, especially for lunch.
1	My expectation was a 3 star, what I experienced was one star only because beverages were included in the $16.22 breakfast buffet price. Cashiers: sucked... Couldn't move a line to save their lives.Waitstaff: great... Another half star, they were nice and friendly. If after reading all of these reviews you're still dumb enough to go to this place, tip your waitstaff. I saw hoards of hillbillies just getting up and leaving all kinds of messes behind without so much as a buck on the table.Food: absolutely awful... After trying the faux eggs and salt concoction, cardboard Belgian waffle, freshly picked cotton pancake and "just add cinnamon no one will know this is just a hamburger bun" French toast I gave up grabbed a bagel that was the size of a half dollar piece and a bowl of oatmeal. Both were good but who is spending $16.22 for a small bowl of oatmeal and a bagel the size of a hockey puck? I had four glasses of milk to feel like I got some value out of the meal. If you want a cheap breakfast just go to the crappier restaurant in your hotel (they all have a good one and a crappy one) order eggs, bacon, toast and hash browns. You'll pay the same as I did at this crap bag buffet but at least the food will be edible and you won't spend the rest of the day buying $2.50 bottles of water trying to ease the swelling in your hands and feet because you realized you didn't eat a bunch of garbage at the buffet for breakfast, you really ate several cleverly disguised salt licks.
2	Your basic average Vegas buffet. Selection was just ok. Price was acceptable but the child price I thought was a bit excessive.
1	Pretty bad buffet experience.  For $20 dinner, I didn't expect much.  Little did I know the experience is worse than a 3 star.The food selection is very poor and the quality is not there.  The ONLY that was passable is prime rib which was decent.  Everything else pretty much failed big time.  I feels like the people who works there are not even trying to make the food taste good.Considering Mandalay Bay's buffet is only $7 more and offer MUCH better selection and quality, this is an epic fail.  Stay away at all cost!Pro:1.  No wait in line to be seated. (With this quality, who would come?!?) I should know better when I saw the dinning room was pretty empty.Con:1.  Poor food selection2.  Horrible food quality3.  Desert section should be avoid at ALL cost.
1	This place does not deserve a single star.  It was free with the room but the food was OLD, COLD, and TASTELESS! They don't even serve crab legs over the weekend! That is the whole reason for me visiting a buffet in the first place.  Totally unhappy with the dinner here.
1	If I could give this place a negative star, I would. The Roundtable Buffet broke my heart. I grew up going to Circus Circus' breakfast buffet and loved it (don't know if I would now, didn't know any better, ha) so I thought that the Excalibur would have a "fancier" buffet, not fancier, but a little tastier. Boy was I wrong. I felt like I was in a middle school cafeteria. The selection was mediocre, very mediocre. The food that was supposed to be crispy was soft and the food that was supposed to be soft was crispy. They had nacho cheese, hard taco shells, some Chinese food (orange pork, chow mein, etc.) they had some sushi and shrimp which was the only thing I really ate and some very sad pizza, it was like that $1.00 frozen pizza stuff. The desserts were all right,  they were all labeled wrong. "Cookies" under the cheesecake and cookies under a "Tiramisu" tag. Save your $33.00 (for two) and go somewhere else. Super sad.
2	Bleh it was free with room and I also got comped so got to enjoy 3 buffets each(lucky me ugh)  They serve the same food for lunch and dinner daily for $20 each I would have been really mad if I had to pay for it. There were a couple of good things mashed potatoes and gravy was yummy, chinese noodles and a good salad choice.
1	Please, have some class, and spend your $17 elsewhere. For instance, buy 3 chipotle burritos instead. You'll be way fuller and the food quality is at least 10 times better. We only came to Roundtable because we were a large group that wanted a cheaper buffet experience.  If I had my way, we'd be at Paris using the $5 off foursquare check in to get $15-$20 lunch buffets. I could have gorged on roast duck.  Instead, I had to settle for a lackluster salad bar, mini corn dogs, and fried chicken.  The fried chicken was probably the best thing present because the spring rolls were nasty mush and the orange pork (not chicken, apparently) consisted of hard chunks of pork meat with some sweet glaze on it. Even if you go in expecting poor-quality buffet food, you're wasting your time and money. There's nothing special about drinks (soda fountain), the attempt at non-American cuisine was fail x 999999, and I would never advise anyone to come here for any reason. If it's free, by all means subject yourself to the miserable school lunch days that this place reminds me of. Actually on second thought, taco tuesdays were way better than this place's attempt at a taco bar.
4	So I think after 7 days in Vegas I finally managed to find the biggest buffet out there...My rating of 4 stars here is based on it being a cheesy buffet...if you're looking for a classy restaurant, give your head a shake for stopping here.The food was about as good as I've tasted at a buffet restaurant, but what really makes the place stand out is that they had so much of it!  Everything was full too, no plates were empty, and it was all hot.I stayed away from the sushi, (you should probably too), but other than that and some salads I think I tried about everything!  It was awesome!They have a cool system of entry where you don't pay the waitress, you pay an admission charge at the front gate instead...like some crazy ride.  Then you buy your alcohol inside if you're drinking, and just leave a tip on the table.  (I could have left a tip at the gate on my bill as well but wanted to see how much of a tip I should leave).I would recommend you only do this once on your Vegas trip.  In fact, I would recommend an all you can eat type place only once or twice a year period...but that's just me!
3	Why so many bad reviews of roundtble buffett? Is it as good as some of the high priced buffetts on the strip, no. But we had lunch there and were very pleased with the salad selections (thai salad is quite good) the pasta and especially the desserts. The oreo cheesecake is every bit as good as anything I've eaten at Cheesecake Factory. Now the bad news, stay away from the meats. The fried chicken is dry and tasteless. The meatloaf (at least that's what I think they called it) was awful and the meat used for the tacos was runny and greasy. But overall, not a bad buffett for the price.
2	Yeah its cheap all you can eat, but if you're a girl and can't eat 5 plates like a guy then it's not worth it.  Not alot of vegetarian options even though its a BUFFET, and the food looked old and stale.  We ate anyways and by 8pm when we were going to a show we all got sick from the food.Ew, ew, ew!
1	Service sucks!Food inedible!WorstBuffet Ever!!!
3	We went to this buffet for brunch and it was really good. I like how they have different cuisines at different stations. Even had an omelet station. The fried chicken tasted like KFC, and all the salads were delicious. Only downfall was their credit card machine went down and they didnt bother to announce it to everyone in line, so they could at least take time to go get cash. Line was around the corner and took way longer than it should have. Great deal to get the $32 pass to eat at both luxor and excalibur buffet all day.
3	Come here for only breakfast and you won't be disappointed.I think breakfast is the tastiest meal, you can even stay for lunch too during that awkward turnaround.  Scrambled eggs, omelette station, toast, TONS OF BACON!, sausages, french toast, waffles, pancakes, boiled eggs, eggs benedict, biscuits, country gravy, tater tots, sometimes hash browns, ham, etc.Just don't get those fried mini burrito things, it's gross.  I forgot what else was gross, but yea, don't get those.They also have a full dessert bar during breakfast, so why not? Self-serve drinks, which I think is brilliant, you don't have to wait for the waiters/waitresses and you can walk off your meal bit by bit.Oh, I'd like to also add that this buffet really wastes food, when breakfast is over, they toss everything in the trash... =[ but I guess it's ok, it feeds all the pigs that eventually become bacon... Breakfast, GO! Lunch and Dinner, go to sleep! Happy eatings!
1	I would not recommend this place to anyone. I've tried several buffets on the strip and you can definitely get better for the same price, maybe a couple dollars more. Roundtable tries to go with the renaissance them, but I think it's lacking a theme as nice as the other resorts. I think it could look fun with some work. The food was mainly  bad american food such as corndogs, pizza, and chicken strips. Personally, I would choose to eat at the food court in the hotel before eating at the buffet. There are so many resorts close by that have much better buffets with better selections.
4	I've eaten here in the past and it wasn't that great.  This time around, I came back to eat here because my Hawaii friends wanted to eat here.  I hit up the salad section first.  Good thing I did.  The salad bar was so good!  The variety was pretty diverse.  I got over a plate of salad.  After that, I tried some Mexican and Chinese, they were alright.  Pasta section wasn't bad either.  My friends really liked the buffet.  The drinks are self-serve, which I like because I hate waiting for a waiter to swing by; some take forever.  I think they changed the buffet food up a bit.  I'd definitely come back here again during lunch time...
2	"We dine well here in Camelot, we eat ham and jam and Spam a lot." Monty Python and the Holy GrailI took a group of thirty here and the manager at the front did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to help accommodate us. Food is "meh" at best, service is horrible. There are too many other great buffets on the strip to come back here for a mediocre ham and jam and Spam experience.
1	I broke the number one Yelp rule, I didn't use yelp before I went here. If my hotel wasn't charging me 5.99 an hr to use WI-FI, I would have logged into yelp using my tablet. Instead, picked up a local rag that described this place as "great". Price was reasonable,, but the food had no flavor, tasted like cardboard and flat out sucked ass. I only ate half my plate and I usually eat about 4 plates at a buffet. I think Hometown Buffet is better than Roundatable. Avoid this place if your a fan of good, tasty food.
2	Wow! So for the price I was disappointed.... The did offer a military discount which was about the only bright spot about this venture. The choice of foods was very poorly put together in my opinion.. Considering it was a buffet I wanted more of a variety.
2	I don't usually go to buffets because I don't eat a lot to begin with. But I was super hungover and hungry so we decided to check it out. We went to the lunch buffet and it was just ok. Nothing spectacular. I read in previous reviews the breakfast buffet is better. If I'm at this hotel again I would be willing to come back to try the breakfast.
1	The breakfast buffet at the Excalibur is horrible!  It is a total rip-off at a cost of over $60 (with taxes) for a family of four.  The eggs taste like they are made of plastic and the bread products are stale.  Our children, who usually aren't very selective, hardly ate anything.  I actually spoke with an unfriendly manager and complained about the food quality.  I've been to other buffets in Vegas that have been fine, but this one crossed the line.
1	My first trip to Vegas and I had to eat here. I was expecting all this great food from all the rave for Vegas buffets, but I guess I just stepped into the wrong one. Buffets back home are better for less than half the price. Even Hometown Buffet is better in my opinion and I am NOT a fan of Hometown Buffet.$35 for all day!? I thought I was hearing & seeing things, but you get a WATERPROOF wristband to go back to two buffets all day! Wow such a great deal right? NO. The food sucked and there was no variety.
1	Horrible.  So disappointed.  The food was old and tasted like cafeteria food.  Even the crab legs tasted off.  I am one to always try something once always give it a second chance, but I'm breaking my own rule and saying STAY AWAY!!!!
1	Nothing impressive at all.
2	Upstairs above the casino at the Excalibur and since we stayed there, we found it fitting that we ate at the buffet located there, also. My party and I had their lunch buffet for $17 each. It was....disappointing, to say the least. I enjoyed the salad more than anything else because it was really the only item I found edible. There are other buffets in Vegas for a slightly higher price, but will satisfy you more.
3	REVIEW for the breakfast buffet only.Regular price is $16, but the coupon book had $3 off, so at $13 I'm rating this place 3 star.I liked it ok and actually came back a second time.  A big breakfast will get me thru most of the day.I mean really, things like bacon (huge piles of it), sausage, hash browns, corned beef hash, fresh fruit and yogurt are rather hard to mess up, and they dont here, its all fine. In the back they have an omeleete station where you can order your fried eggs, so head here first.  They also had some mexican selections, beans and scrambled egg/chorizo, and a dessert area that I didnt need to visit.Coffee strong, juice ok.  Drinks are self serve here, wish they could at least bring a carafe around since its sort of a pain to keep refilling it.Ya, I'd recommend the breakfast buffet here for $13.Dont know why people complain about service - its a freekin self-service buffet.
1	If you are considering coming to the buffet- DON'T!!!  This place has ~2 stars for a reason.I came here for breakfast using the $3 off coupon, but came right before lunch so both breakfast and lunch were served.  I left quite hungry because nothing here was very appetizing or tasty.  First of all, the salad selection is quite lacking and unappetizing.  The pasta salads were also pretty gross looking.  I tried a few and was not the least bit interested in a second bit.You can tell most of the food here (minus the omelet bar) came from the freezer.  There's fried chicken, corn dogs, meat loaf, mashed potatoes, etc.  All were just reheated.  They have a section with eggs, chorizo, waffles- none of which looked very freshly made.  There is a section for hot dogs and hamburgers as well as knock off Mexican and Chinese food.  I didn't bother because it was all so gross looking.  For dessert, they have a large selection of cakes and a soft serve machine.  I don't think any of it is house made either.  Lastly, I hate getting up to get my own drinks.  Yes, it sounds lazy, but the buffet is so poorly laid out.  You go one direction to get food.  Then you go another direction to get drinks.  You definitely burn some calories getting together a full meal.Overall, the food is definitely not worth eating unless you are less than 10 years old and don't care.  The staff is super friendly but they have too many tables so plates take a while to be cleared.  Bottomline: DO NOT EAT HERE!  IT'S NOT WORTH IT!!!
1	You know how sometimes a place has such an impact on you that you start writing a review in your head as soon as you put something in your mouth? That happened and zero stars should be a thing.I decided to give this buffet a chance since a client had booked rooms for my coworker and I at Excalibur, and after getting up 6am for the flight and working until 7pm that day, we were both exhausted and didn't want to go very far for food. Big mistake. No matter how tired or hungry you think you are, you are NOT desperate enough to eat here. I would have preferred walking back to LA.The selection was awful, all the meat was dry, the seafood looked sketchy enough that I was too scared of potential food poisoning to try anything, and a lot of items at the salad bar were browning. All I ended up eating was a couple bites of meat, one bite of potato gratin, and salad. Yes, this is cheap (only $22) but it's not even worth that. I wish I'd just gone hungry.
2	I'm going to give this two stars because there were some elements of it that weren't that bad. That being said...I probably wouldn't eat here again. The last time I ate at the buffet was years ago and nothing has really changed, except the prices. So I had a National Lampoon's Vegas Vacation moment while at the buffet. Think of the scene when Clark and Eddie are at the bargain buffet in downtown and the food was mislabeled. Yep - that happened to me when I looked at what was labeled as Pork Loin. It didn't look like pork loin but it did look good so I decided to try it. Well it turned out to be fish and ended up being the best thing that I took. It was New Year's eve so maybe that is why things look the way they did. Things seemed to look a bit dry or really oily. I'm not saying I wouldn't go back and I only had the dinner buffet this time so maybe the breakfast and lunch buffets aren't as bad. I don't know if I would pay again to have their food here but if it was free then I might not turn it down.
2	I wasn't planning on eating here but when you're hotel has a fire incident during the night and they offer you a free buffet as a way to apologize for the inconvenience, then sure I'll try it out. Since I wasn't the only one staying at that particular hotel, the line was long. That was to be expected, but the way the cashiers seemed ill prepared for some groups. Once inside and seated, I hit the buffet to see what they had. The salad section wasn't the greatest in comparison to other buffets. Everything looked fine and more fresh than not, but the selection was simply limited. The food was ok, nothing to complain about or get excited over. I did appreciate the fact that they had orange juice in the drink dispensers. I skipped the desert section after I saw an employee restocking the cheese cake section. For some reason, seeing the cheesecakes coming out of a box and being broken into their individual sections just ruined the magic. I know that's silly, but I lost any desire to try one after that.
1	I have given the buffet here at Excalibur two chances.  Once for lunch and once for breakfast.  Both times the food here was not very good.  The only good thing that I can say is that at least none of us got sick or food poisoned.  Also, this buffet is not as bad as Circus Circus.  I'd suggest trying a different buffet.  Your money would be better spent on the casino floor or the children games downstairs.
4	Tom: "hey honey, what are you girls doing?"Me: "looking for a buffet. hows the one at excalibur? i got a coupon for buy one get one free. is it worth checking out?"Tom: "OMG THAT IS THE BEST ONE GO GO GO"Me. "..oh. ok."I'm actually quite surprised that this buffet has such a low ranking, I really didn't mind it and my boyfriend was super jealous when he found out I was going.First off, check your coupon books that you get when you check in (most hotels do this, or if you ask can get you one). I stayed at the Luxor and had a buy one buffet get one free, so for me and my girlfriend it worked out great! It was $17 for the both of us at lunch and we came at the perfect time. We got there at about 345, so they charged us for lunch, but put out the fresh dinner foods right at 4, so we basically got a whole ton of stuff for not a lot. Pretty awesome. And by awesome, I'm talking fresh crab, fresh shrimp, fresh, carved to order prime rib, and because we were there on st. patrick's day there was corned beef and cabbage. aw, that's sweet.There was an entire alley of soda machines, tons of food, pretty decent price, and a dessert-ed island (see what I did there?)Overall I had a great time, had a ton of pretty decent food and I'm happy with it all. I'd definitely do the same thing where I go in have a salad then chow down on some dinner food but hey, that's just me. I like to hustle.
2	WOW, this buffet has really gone downhill ever since the last time I was here, which was a couple of years ago. The first time I was here, everything was flawless. But now, a lot of the dishes were mostly bland and mediocre. The only thing good here were the desserts.
1	I bought the eat all day deal for $35. I ate the Excalibur buffet for dinner. It was terrible!! I'm grateful I didn't get food poisoning. The selection was terrible: sad looking crab legs and meatballs that looked like they had better days. Save your money for the casinos.
2	I must say i was dissappointed with the buffet. It has really gone down in quality. The plates where really hot from the dryer almost burning, the salads where warm and the carving station meat where cold, chewy and dry. The table service to pick up plates was slow and had plates picked up about 15 minutes later and it was only 1/3 full of people. The rooms where very nice though
3	I'm giving this place one extra star since there is some deal you can get where you can go back and forth between this one, and the Luxor's all day long for a pretty decent price. My aunt came into town and bought this deal, and took me to this buffet before seeing the awesome Aussie dudes next door. Ok. Not the best. Not at all. Not the worst though. They have everything every other buffet does- but they have a huge ass counter, where NO ONE follows the line rule: Start at one damn end! Apparently, that takes too long, and so they start wherever they want- left, right, middle.Kids. I hate kids. I hate kids who are left to run around a casino buffet, jump under my arm, and watch me plate some pasta. I will not hesitate to tell your unruly brat to get the hell away from me or face a ladle of hot sauce. Seriously. Control the kids.The dessert? The best think there is some kinda Tiramisu with a shot of coffee at the bottom. The rest of it, not so much. The only thing I really, really liked was the drink area- you can get all the drinks you want whenever you want, and you don't have to wait since they have at least 10 of these drink machines in one area! Yay!Other than that, it is a basic Vegas buffet for when you don't want to splurge on good food.
1	This place is cheap for a Vegas buffet, but unfortunately I thinks about all it has going for it.  I went for lunch, which I believe was $18 or $19.  Salad choices were generic, as were the two soups.  The pasta looked like it was dried out from the heat, the meat choice, especially the carved meat, was gristly and over-cooked.  The loaded au gratin potatoes were probably the highlight of the trip.  The Chinese food and fried food they had were nothing special and were very greasy.  There was a lot of dessert choices, many of which were dried out and flavorless.  Pass on this and take the money to a place like the new Caesar's buffet.
1	Stay away from buffets in Vegas...too many people around food...easy way to get sick!! Trust.
3	The buffet had a lot of options. There were cultural options, including Asian, Mexican, and Italian. The highlight of the buffet was the crab legs. They were salty (of course, being from the sea). The best part is they were already cut in half, making it infinitely easier to eat crab legs. The chicken was a bit well done as was the fish. Both were tough, but what is to be expected from a buffet.  Drinks are self service as well. There is plenty of seating area, and not much wait on a week night. Going down the main line, it was salad/cold options, soups, seafood (crab legs, shrimp, cocktail shrimp), italian foods (pizza, pasta), American food (roasted chicken, ribs, fish, etc.). At the end are the Mexican options (rice, beans, tortillas, tamales, etc.) and Asian (orange chicken, chow mein, chow fun, etc.).It's convenient if you're staying at the Excalibur. This is a review for Dinner, priced at $22/person. Served from 4pm.
1	Came into Roundtable Buffet for lunch on a Monday with a group of 9 and were seated right away.The space in this buffet is massive, lots of tables and a large area for food, as well as drinks.  But during lunch, only 4 sections of buffet were open for lunch, and honestly, there wasn't such a diverse selection to choose from.  You've got your chinese food, salad bar, a couple choices for pizza, a small meat station and other forgettable items.  I was deeply disappointed in this buffet, should have read the reviews before hand.  But! I do have to give it to them for desserts, there was a wide selection, and it wasn't too terrible. And there was a great variety of beverages to choose from.  But I wasn't here to drink and eat desserts.Because there weren't many diners in during lunch, the service was very attentive.  Even so, I do not think I will be back here.
1	I went to the Luxor buffet first, and then the Excalibur buffet after, as part of a complimentary all day buffet pass from MyVegas rewards.  I have to say, that the buffet at Excalibur was definitely a downgrade, even for Luxor!  We were seated in a booth where the cushion was torn and in need of repairing.   Parts of our table were chipped as well.  The Roundtable Buffet seems to be larger than the buffet at the Luxor.  But bigger does not necessarily mean it was better.  There was nothing here that really tickled my fancy.  All the food was bland, dry, and looked rather old.  Some people say to always try things at least once. The Roundtable Buffet at Excalibur is not one of these things.  Both my friend and I had stomach aches that kicked in about half an hour after we ate.  Do: pay the $30 or $40 and eat at the Bellagio Buffet, Wynn Buffet, or the Wicked Spoon Buffet at the Cosmo.Don't: eat here!
3	Had breakfast and part of a dinner here June 2013.Got a personalized omelet but I feel it was over cooked. The scrambled eggs are powdered. The bacon was good!  Biscuits were hard and inedible.  The hashbrowns were burnt. For the dinner portion we had the salad bar which was very good, excellent ranch dressing.  My son tried the ribs and steak and loved it. Wide selection of desserts.   Staff was really nice and that's what made it good to go here.
5	Always  good buffet
1	I was done after one dish of half eaten food...very sub-par.  This was a one-time deal for a friend's wedding.  I would not pay to eat here again.
1	DON'T!Save yourself, your taste buds and your money! Worst buffet I have been to EVER! Seriously, no joke! I'm not an expert, but I've been around... and this is by far some of the worst food I have ever paid for, in any state I have ever been to. Only thing this buffet is good for is making someone pay to eat here as a result of losing a bet! THAT is seriously a punishment. The food is gross. Food options suck. Layout sucks. Kinda reminds me of the time I severed people at a soup kitchen, very cafeteria style, with flavorless slop they call food. JUST DON'T DO IT!
1	Not a fan at all.  In fact, it's just cheap and will make do for heavy eating. It feels like Picadilly Cafeteria there. You get your own drinks too. There were fruit flies over the desserts. Enough said.
1	This Buffett was horrible! The selection looked great but the quality & the taste of the food was terrible even down to the sodas! $120 for 5 adults & 2 kids... Wasted. I will never eat here again. You have been warned!
2	Whyyyy.Come on MGM. I know Excalibur is the cheapest hotel of your properties, but this is kind of embarrassing. When nearly all your food is tough and inedible, it's time to step it up. You know something's off when your staff (who are really nice +1 star) starts apologizing before you even say anything. I mean, I get that you're not aiming for Aria status, but when you're a Hometown Buffet at a Vegas price...Sigh. I love Excalibur, but I do not love your buffet.
2	The fambam was hungry and had a late start to our morning. We wanted something quick, located inside our hotel. Although we were avoiding buffets, we decided to give this place a try and didn't check Yelp....bad idea. Eggs and omelet tasted like plastic, juices tasted watered down, flies around pastries...ugh. Will definitely not be back.On the plus side, wait staff and employees were very friendly and helpful.
1	Not so good, There is definitely better Buffet's  in Las Vegas  then the Excalibur buffetWe did get there a bit late around 9:00 p.m.They Had a small selection of food
2	Now, to be clear, I have only eaten at this buffet one time and it was for lunch. The only reason I give it two stars instead of one is because the staff was friendly and attentive, the desserts were decent, and they had a good variety of drinks. But the food! The food selection for lunch was sparse and what was available was not appetizing. The food seemed like it had been sitting out for a few hours at least. I'm a horrible cook, but I feel confident that I could prepare better dishes. I've been to quite a few buffets in Vegas and this is so far my least favorite.
4	Before rating, I think one must classify the buffet into different categories.  You just can't compare  a BMW 7series to 3 series and give the 3 series one star.  Similarly, Excaliber buffet cannot be compared to Cesar buffet.  That said, Excaliber deserves 4 star in its class.  Service is standard just like Home Town buffet.  Ambiance is similar, family type, kids running around...On the other hand, foods are quite good.  Lots of variety.  Sushi, crab legs, mussels, meat and potatoes, Mexican Asian, etc. Quality is not top notch but much better than Hometown buffet.  The price is quite reasonable for a casino on the Strip.
2	I've had worse buffets,  but not by much.  Sanitation is suspect. Recommend just going to a buffet in one of the better casinos like Bellagio for the same price.
1	yuck yuck and yuck! the food is horrible and tastes like fast food or it came from a can! went there for breakfast and there was not a good selection. the layout is confusing. we tried lunch too and it was just as bad! the ravioli tasted like chef boyardee! never again!!!!!
3	Came here for dinner to get some grub in before we went out drinking again. Ok, I agree, the price is a bit much for what you "get." You really do need to know what to get. Don't be a chump and load up on empty carbs, that's noob-status. Get the prime rib. It's tender and flavorful. Just get it. Eat $22 worth of it and you won't be complaining about the food being "horrible" (like some of the folks below me are doing). The stuffing, mash and gravy, and chicken noodle are also good stuff.
1	My friends and I stopped here for dinner on a Monday night before going to Thunder From Down Under for some bachelorette party fun. We wanted to carb up and then go drink profusely, but that ended up not really happening because a couple of us felt really sick after eating here!Given such, this is probably one of the worst buffets I've ever been to. It cost about $25 for one person with no alcohol, which is pretty standard for a midrange buffet in Vegas. However, there were barely any choices. There was a sad little carving station, a lot of salad and pasta, some sad looking sushi rolls, and a couple of extra protein options. I didn't even look at the desserts due to lack of interest in the place overall. Also, be warned, I think at least 2 of us in my group of 4 that ate there got mild food poisoning. Haven't talked to the other girls yet, so the rate could be higher. Definitely won't be coming back here.
1	The food was edible. I checked yelp before i came. But my sis was getting married and my family wanted to meet here. wedding was here every one stayed here. so they wanted to eat here. The food was edible. Thats it not good not great edible. It was super expensive too for the quality. Almost $100 for a family of 5. They really need to step up on the quality of the food. Went to yardhouse the next day spent the same and had was better food and a few drinks.
5	My new favorite buffet in Vegas! I was a huge Rio buffet fan. After getting free coupons from a bad experience (see Excalibur review) my wife and I tried this place out. We were shocked on the variety of food we were able to choose from. The food is fantastic here! There is also a package that you can eat at Excalibur/Luxor all day for $35. That's a deal. the crab legs are cut in half so you don't have to struggle with them. I can't express enough how good the food was when we ate here. My wife and I ate around 5-6pm and the place was empty. We were able to eat as much as we wanted with no hassle of long lines. You really need to try this buffet.
1	The Excalibur Buffet was not a good experience, the food choice was minimal, quality was below average, and not a pleasant atmosphere. Felt more like a place for local construction workers to go for lunch than for people staying at the hotels to go to. This place has definitely seen better days and is need of some major overhaul in the kitchen, food and venue to compete with other buffets and food options on the strip that are in a similar price range. We bought the $35 all day buffet pass at the Luxor which included the Excalibur buffet as a choice. We decided to eat at the Luxor rest of the day, which was a much better experience. I know this place is cheaperer than some other buffets on the strip, but even for $20-25 I think you can find better options.
1	This buffet sucks!  Most of the food looks like it was sitting there for hours.  You do get what you pay for and unfortunately this one is seriously not worth the money, your time, or your precious taste buds.Once you get to your table, you need to figure out the best way to get to the buffet area.  You end up cutting people in line and just end up looking lost.  As for drinks, you get them yourself.  Could be a good thing if you like to change up your drinks.
3	Food was ok, nothing special but compared to the food we have been eating on fremont street  it was good. I'm not sure if I would go back, I think I'd rather eat at McDonalds.
2	After arriving in Vegas after a 4 hour drive with a wake up call at 3:30 am, my friends and I decided to immediately indulge in food after checking in. This is a place to come to when you have no other options. Let's start with the pricing. It was $21 and then almost $30 if you wanted champagne, which was klassy Korbel and came in a mini bottle. The first time I was here, I chose that Korbel because I wanted a mimosa. Did not order again. The interior of the place is large and boring, but it's a buffet so why would you expect any less, right? Onto the food... Not the best food in the world. I always ate breakfast here and it was disappointing but good enough for the time being. The eggs looked like they were dyed with yellow food coloring and were a bit dense, like they were powdered. The bacon was overly greasy and fatty. Their biscuits, although kept in a warm steamy bin, were almost rock hard on the outside and the butter provided was cold and hard... which makes the butter hard to spread. Their coffee was okay, nothing special. I wouldn't eat here again.
2	Very basic and nit very good. plastic scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage...Fruit, cereals, and ughurt...Kind of like a high school cafeteria. Really bad when you compare it to M.
1	Absolutely DISGUSTING.  Every so called 'food' item looked like it had been sitting there for 10 hours, and based on how I feel right now, I think it might have been 20.  Avoid this place.  Avoid this place.  Avoid this place.
2	Yeesh this was pretty bad! We ended up here because I didn't realize Tropicana no longer has a buffet.There are several rows, but only one was open...I thought that was really odd. The penne pasta was surprisingly good, but everything else was inedible. I pretty much just ate that pasta.They did have some decent desserts, especially those little chocolate mousse cups. But ultimately it wasn't worth what we paid.
2	Went here for dinner with the family on 1/16.  I read up and knew what to expect.  We only ate here because it was convenient.  In retrospect, we should have just gone to Buca.  Price was pretty good for Vegas Standards ($22 adult, $16 kids) but still too high.  No lines at 7 pm.  Only 1 row of food being served.  I would say that it is on par with Home Town Buffet except with crab legs.  I got excited initially when I heard they had crab legs...however, these legs were definitely not "king crab" legs...more like "prince" crab legs.  Very skimpy on meat.  Sushi side was pathetic and only rolls...The brisket was dry.  Pasta was ok, but no Mac N' Cheese (how can you not have MacN'Cheese at a buffet?!?!).  Carving station had New York Strip instead of prime rib.  Dessert station was pretty weak too.  Not a lot of choices.  Service had its bad and its good.  The bad first...we asked for more napkins and utensils...the response was "just turn around and grab from the other table yourself...consider yourself at home" (WTH?!?).  The good...one of the kids left a Gameboy DS at the table.  The server kept it for us and returned it to us when we came back for it.All in all, you definitely get what you pay for.  In this case, I have learned my lesson and would probably not return to a low end Vegas buffet.
1	We came here as a group because of the price but Denny's would have been a better use of funds. We used a 2-for-1 myvegas breakfast comp (thankfully) and were really disappointed even though it was only $17.50. The sausage was gross/greasy, eggs were dry, chorizo tasted like plastic, the desserts were dismal and the oj didn't taste like juice. The only things we enjoyed were the beans (which we were told were vegetarian but weren't) and bacon. Others in our group got the omlettes and enjoyed them but there was a huge line and one cook doing them one at a time so most of us didn't want to wait. Will not be back.
2	Over priced and the food isnt anything special. With all of the amazing food in Vegas, this isnt worth it.
4	We've eaten here many times, for breakfast and lunch. When we do the all day pass with Excalibur and Luxor we always eat at Excalibur, Luxor is horrible. I haven't eaten there in about a year, we are going back this month and I was hoping to use a 2 for 1 comp and eat there again. The recent reviews have been horrible, I'm afraid to even use a comp!!!! Every time we've been there it has been a nice big selection of food. Like any buffet it's hit and miss. You won't like all dishes, not all dishes will be hot and to your liking. Sounds like this place has taken a turn for the worse.
2	For $20, I wasn't expecting a whole lot.... The decor was outdated and the selection was really limited. There was basically only two bars of stuff since one area was the same food on both sides. The food is edible.....'nough said. I would stay away from the Mongolian beef- it's extremely salty and i don't even think it's beef. It CRUMBLES apart in your mouth.... One friend described it as they tried to make steak out of ground beef ...yuck.Vegetable selection is limited to what I think may be packaged salad. Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh. The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach. The only reason I gave them more than one star was the lady who cleaned our table was uber friendly.
2	MEHka-leka-bleh.Yeah, I used a Jambi chant to describe this restaurant. Sue me.My boyfriend really likes this place, but he also is completely content eating Chef Boyardee's Beef Ravioli every night for dinner with a side of El Monterey Burritos, so I should've known better than to trust his judgment. We went here for brunch, so fortunately we were able to get both breakfast and lunch options. I enjoyed that. Star. Decently priced in comparison to other buffets. $17.99. I like that too. Two stars. And that concludes the bonus points for this round.Unfortunately, the food was pretty bleh. I love breakfast food so much and actually feel it's pretty hard to get it wrong, but I was wrong to think that. Their waffles were super crisp. Even with syrup, you feel like you're biting into 3 day old bread. Eggs were yucky. They did have an omelete station, so at least there's that. Biscuits were way too hard as well. I don't eat pork, so I can't comment on their bacon or sausages, but they didn't look very appetizing either. Their fish dishes actually looked pretty good, but I didn't give them a try. Someone try them and let me know. They have a full salad bar which I didn't take advantage of, because, duh, I'm in Vegas and Vegas is all about poor food choices, right? They had a few pasta selections that were okay. Honestly, everything was bleh. Not TERRIBLE, but not good either. They did have quite the array of desserts. This made me very excited. Until I tried their mini pana cotta and it was gross and I spit it out. Their mini tiramisu was okay enough for me to not spit it out, but not enough for me to finish it.If you're about quantity over quality, then you'll be pretty content with this place. Decent amount of options for a mere $17.99 at lunch: Not bad. However, I'm pretty sure I would've been more content having a personal pan pizza from the Pizza Hut over at the food court. It was worth a shot, return I will not.
5	Critics are harsh.  Came to breakfast buffet and it was amazing!  For a quarter of the price ($16.99) of a fancier buffet, I got a hot, fresh variety of food for my money.  If you like hashbrowns and bacon to taste like hashbrowns and bacon, this is your place.  Other buffets overdo it by adding unnecessary ingredients to their food.  I love how each piece of food here tastes at its very best without that drama.  Kid friendly, super spacious, CLEAN, friendly service, quick turnaround of food, no crusting food, omelette to order station,  cereal, dessert and beverage bar included.  Best breakfast buffet I've had since visiting Vegas!
1	My husband and I have been wanting to try out Excalibur's Buffet and so I had gotten 2 free lunch buffet passes from MyVegas. All I have to say is that I will never be eating here again. There was literally only 2 things that I liked. However having the freedom of going and getting your own soda is a plus other than that not so much. They only had one side of the buffet open. I honestly wouldn't recommend eating here. Not worth it
4	I don't get the two stars for this spot for the life of me..Do people go to buffet's expecting a 10 star meal? Do people think that they can get the usual Vegas $30 - 40 dollar style meals for $17 - $25 at a buffet?You do understand it's a buffet, a place where they mass produce the food for your eating consumption? It's not an individually created masterpiece for you.. it's a BUFFET...Anyways, now that that is through.. onto my review!We took advantage of one of my three rewards from the MLife group, app "MyVegas" that gave us buy one get one free buffet Breakfast or Lunch from this establishment. We took them up for breakfast and so that meant, in Vegas, two eating for $17 bucks. Under 10 bucks per person? Did I just zap back to 1995 Las Vegas?Yes the restaurant is dated, it's been the same for years.. but don't get me started again on foodie rants expecting 5 stars... This particular buffet has a plethora of options for the palette of anyone. Out of the three buffet's the girlfriend and I took part in.. it did have the least selection (Luxor had a Middle Eastern selection under one section)The omelette station is great if you time your breakfast right (that's a you problem, not their fault) and almost all the food was good. No issues there.A great selection of drinks from coffee's to cappuccinos to chocolate and white milk to apple, orange, and grapefruit juice. They have it all!A very serviceable and affordable breakfast.
2	Went here on a comp for breakfast - Food was poor quality, looked like about half of the stations were shut down. Not a great selection. Very disappointed.
2	My family and I came here because of great reviews from friends. The price ($24/person) for lunch was reasonable but not what we expected.1. The food was very limited and of poor quality.2. They were out of tea and certain sodas.3. The dishwasher kept putting plates out which was unneeded and very loud.My recommendation: If you're looking for a good buffet, try Mandalay Bay, Wynn or Bellagio before coming here.
1	Too bad the minimum is one star. I would give this place none. The old country buffet is better than this place. There are no words to explain the poor quality of the food, the selection, the taste, the lay out, the setting.. everything is Lousy at best. To add insult to injury, the server threw away my drink and my dessert because he decided that I was done when I was not even there for a long time.Guys really, if you are there abd you want to eat mc Donalds is better. If you want a buffet, go next door or walk a little..whatever you do love yourself enough not to eat this food.
2	We had a 2for1 coupon. So we tried it for dinner. The food variety is ok   No gourmet touch to anything but it tasted alright. The lay out of the dining room is very odd. The main buffet line is like a cafeteria on steroids. It is one long (maybe 50ft) line.  It is awkward to get around other people. In my option the food stations should be around the perimeter of the room not in the center. There are constant carts being pushed through the dining area to deliver food to the serving line or pick up or deliver dishes. To make it worse the carts are rolling over hard tile surfaces loudly rattling dishes and trays. For the price other buffets around the strip are better.
4	It's a buffet so what can you really say about it lol... It was good, me, my sister and her boyfriend enjoyed the lunch time buffet, food was good got really full just wish I made room to try the deserts but it's okay maybe next I'm back in Vegas. Good experience
2	We stayed here at the Excalibur but didn't want to eat the buffet since it was an expensive $22 bucks, but on the 3rd night, the last night, decided to try it and we were very DISAPPOINTED.    For $22 you would at least expect average and decent.     BBQ ribs looked delicious but was very dry, couldn't finish it.   Pseudo sushi... gosh, what was that actually.  Thought you couldn't really mess up Chocolate Eclairs but darn it, not good at all.       The lineups for the food was awkward too, you gotta walk up this narrow path while other people are shuffling in the opposite direction.       I did like that you can get your own drinks, very convenient.  Another good thing was there was NO wait at all when we got there, that actually should have been a warning, what buffet in Vegas has absolutely no line at all?
3	So we stopped by the Excalibur for "brunch" after hearing about their nice buffet. Let's just say the only "nice" thing was the price. At $18 per person its one of the cheaper buffets available. There was quite a mix of foods from steak to pancakes to crepes to macaroni and cheese because of the breakfast/lunch mix. It was not what I expected but you eat what you pay for. Not saying the food was bad....because it was tolerable, but my stomach was a bit confused. HOWEVER, the redeeming point for me what their dessert. There were soooo many options and they were all delicious. Even their soft serve ice cream was good and creamy. And their cappuccino machine made excellent coffee, I was impressed. Bottom line, I won't be going back there again unless they let me just eat dessert.
2	The Excalibur Rountable buffet reminded me of one of those horrible cafeteria type restaurants. My review is based on breakfast. Luckily we had a 2 for 1 coupon so it only cost my partner and I $9 each.I don't really know what to say here except they had all your standard breakfast fare but it was all dried out or soggy. It was not fresh at all. I ddin't even bother to go back and get more food. There was a dessert area that had pastries and donuts. Meh.The highlight was the waiter who managed to make us laugh.in response to a comment I read down below, yes the food is mass produced but that doesn't mean it can't be great food. There are many other buffets that actually get it right. Try one of those and stay far away from this place.
3	Strictly average given the price.Layout sucks, 2 long lines of food and 1 long line along the back wall with cooking/carving stations.TIP: people line up on one side of the carving station for omelettes or whatever the chef is custom cooking for people. Feel free to skip that line and go right to the beef/ham/turkey carving stations past that.If you can get a discount or a coupon, it can be a good deal but its just a typical buffet.
3	This is your typical buffet.  They have a nice variety of food for each meal.  We ate here for breakfast and lunch (we did the all day buffet pass for the Excalibur/Luxor buffets, which wasn't a bad deal).  The staff was friendly and attentive and the food was stocked and tasted good.  They had a great variety of desserts too!
1	Just heard recently this buffet has closed for "remodeling" till January 2015.Somethings wrong.... ummm that long?, especially in Vegas to do a remodel ?
1	The yelp reviews is right, this place is bad.  I came with here with 12 people and no one like it.  Not everyone able to finish their dishes.Desert is average.Drink is average.This buffet is overpriced.  In short, I would not recommend this place and not worth a price.
4	Dunno what the complaints are about. I thought this place rocked! Maybe it was because I went to the horrible Flamingo Buffet the night before, but Excalibur was a pleasant surprise in comparison.They have all your expected stations: Asian, meat, vegetarian, seafood, etc. I didn't try it, but my mom swears by their soups. Apparently, they're the best thing on God's green earth, but I was too busy stuffing my face with prime rib (dang, my mouth is watering at the very thought of it right now). One thing that stood out to me: the desserts. Holy smokes, they have custom crepes here. THE NUTELLA OPTION gives this an extra freaking star. They'll heat up the batter right in front of you (always interesting to see how the crepe is formed), and they'll dump on all types of fruits on it (cranberries, blueberries, strawberries, pineapple, banana), whipped cream, and that delcious hazelnut chocolate paradise spread. Biting into this finely crafted invention of milennia of human cuisine crafting was transcendant. I saw the heavens part. I saw the light. Angels dumped enlightenment into my mouth.Got free buffet with a show package. Go for it!
