1	A group of friends and I decided to check out the Mandarin Oriental. We really wanted to experience Twist, but unfortunately they were not open for lunch, so we stumbled upon this place. I'm not really fond of the setting of the restaurant too much; I mean the arrangement of chairs and tables in the back room. it just looks so empty and odd.Anyway, our waitress was decent. Service was good, but not excellent. The food, on the other hand, was so disappointing! We were starving, and our food didn't come out until an hour later! After everyone got their entrees, I was the one who didn't receive my sushi roll dish after an hr 30 mins later. I think the waitress completely forgotten about my order, because she asked, "everyone is good right?" Ummm. i didn't get my food. I was upset, since she mentioned that sushi usually comes out first, since it's quick to prepare, and most of my friends received their sushi dish way before everyone else. The waitress claims to say that the Asian food is authentic and Asian chefs are preparing it. I think that's BULL!!!! It doesn't taste authentic at all... but then again, it's Asian-fusion. My friends who had ordered the Kobe Hamburger said it was delicious. I took a bite, and it tasted ok. The Kobe Hamburger would probably be the best thing out of the menu. The sushi, I'll admit, is very fresh, but it was very much lacking in flavor! My friends just had a sip of the Tom Young Goong soup, and that was it. The Hot and Sour Soup was too spicy, and it didn't even taste authentic at all. The fried rice is nothing special, so it's not even worth the price. I think I'll never set foot in this restaurant, I recommend to take your time and money elsewhere! Just don't expect too much!
1	The city center was amazing!  The Mandarin Oriental hotel  was understated and well done... you'll be shocked by the wall you see when the elevator opens on the 3rd floor.We had lunch at the MOzen, and we very pleased with one exception I'll get to.  I asked the waiter if the sandwiches were cut in half because we wanted to share, and he helpfully brought the plates each with one half of the sandwich.  The pulled pork was good, and the club sandwich was interesting though impossible to eat because of the thickness of the bread.  Since we were also served a tiny appetizer along with french fries and onion rings, it was a good value as well. That is, EXCEPT for the $18 charge for two ice teas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  At first we wondered if maybe the ice teas they kept bringing out were being charged separately, but the bill just said "2 ice teas."  And no, they weren't Long Island.  Interestingly, you won't find the price they charge for things like soda and ice tea anywhere on the menu.The service was excellent and the food was good, but we won't be back.  Sneaking in a charge like that is inexcusable.
3	MOzen Bistro, like its hotel, is relatively new. And like everything in Las Vegas, it tends to be on the expensive side. With dim lighting and modern decor, the restaurant gives an air of excellence and romance. I'll be honest, you really just pay for the awesome eating environment. The food in my opinion doesn't exactly equal the price. But who knows? Maybe when you add in the tentative service, the aesthetics of the food, and the overall eating experience, maybe you do add up to the price on the menu. But under no circumstances should a pad thai be $28. The portion was moderately small... so you'd expect it to taste fucking amazing. However, that was NOT the case! Enough with the down side of MOzen, let's move onto the +'s! Mozen has excellent service. I never had to ask for a refill of water...and trust me..I DRINK A LOT OF WATER. I may feel like a water balloon after and I may pee like a horse later. BUT I DRINK A LOT OF H2O (that means water for those of you who are challenged in chemistry). Another plus was the aesthetics of the food. The food was so... PRETTY. :D My plate, the Royal Tandoori Platter consisted of grilled lamb, chicken, salmon and broccoli accompanied with naan and salsa. The salmon and broccoli were w/e. But the rich spices with the succulent meats (lamb & chicken) were amazing. It was quite savory and delicious :D. I also had the dim sum bento box (an appetizer) and i was pleased with it. It was really good dim sum. Although the shumai could be a little less dry. Overall, MOzen earns 3 stars because I believe it wasn't exactly worth the price given the food. It's A-OK for a casual dinner. But if you want to impress someone on a date and win big in sin city, then splurge to your hearts content here! :)
5	Breakfast at the MOzen Bistro is altogether delicious and soothing. The Nantucket Eggs is the most delicious breakfast I have had in a long time. The eggs are cooked just right and the sauce does not overpower the crab. Everything is well plated and visually pleasing.  The flavors on the plate just melds so well together. Although a side dish, the pork sausages are notable as well. I liked the hint of sweetness. The bistro has a beautiful view of Crystals. The ambiance is simple yet attractive and relaxing. The level of service is amazing. Impeccable Service. I'm definitely a fan.
4	Breakfast at MOzen was a great experience! Their walnut-banana french toast was quite delicious and everything else, from their pastries to granola to waffles was good. The omelets are different in a good way! Their beverages are a little pricey ($9 for most, including tea/coffee) but those are listed on the menu! The service was very good and overall a positive experience!
3	Ate here for breakfast twice while staying at the Mandarin Oriental. Both mornings I had the eggs benedict with crab cakes and they were really good. $21 was well worth the price. I also had a $9 cup of coffee each morning which was pretty steep for not being any better than a regular cup of joe. What did turn me off to this place a little bit was the bland decor. Too much pale wood. The service was good but for some reason the first day we went we weren't offered a side to go with our meal which I didn't think odd at the time. However, the next day we were asked for a side "that comes with the breakfast." How that got screwed up I'll never know. We were given an amuse bouche the second day as well and not the first. Not sure why either. Overall food was good but pricey as we expected. $9 coffee, $18 bloody Mary. Two $80 breakfasts. But hey, when in Vegas...at the Mandarin Oriental no less.
4	*adjusting my ratings to stay consistent with my experiencesI ate breakfast twice here this week and I have nothing but good things to say about it.Located on the 3rd floor inside the Mandarin Oriental at MGM City Center.The pricing is extremely reasonable not only for Vegas but especially for being located inside a 5-star resort/hotel.  The portions are significant but not overwhelming.  Food is not only tasty, but presentation is what you would expect from a high-end restaurant.  The service here is impeccable.I only wish I had the chance to eat dinner here.  I ended up eating at Lemongrass (over at Aria)...big mistake.The only unfortunate part is that because the MO is a non-gaming property there's not much traffic.  I hope they stay open because I wouldn't hesitate to eat here again...tasty, light, and refreshing at the same time.
5	The MOzen Bistro puts the "zen" in the Mandarin Oriental.  Well, it's one of many reasons.  Zen seems to ooze from every surface at this hotel.MOzen serves up beautifully plated and high quality dishes at Vegas prices.  However, the flavors and freshness are so good here that the prices seem almost reasonable compared to other places charging similar prices.  I had the Caesar salad with Tandoori chicken and a couple sushi rolls, which were good but nowhere near as spectacular as the chef's tasting menu that night.  My partner in crime chose this route, and I was lucky enough to try some of the items off of said menu.  We started with incredible baked oysters, moved on to a roasted tomato soup, and dove into a tender veal osso bucco.  The dessert was indescribably rich and decadent -- and the name of it escapes me.  However, it had layers of fruit filling (like jam) in between different flavors of smooth and creamy semifreddo.  Loved this restaurant with its simple and serene decor, and will certainly visit again.
4	Nice view overlooking City Center from 3rd floor of Mandarin Oriental hotel.  Had grilled vegetable wrap without cheese, got complimentary ceviche appetizer.  Grilled vegetable wrap was pretty good, although I think I would have liked it better without the addition of olives.  It also had a light smear of hummus in it, although I could barely taste it.  Came with good fries--cut from whole potatoes with skin on, fried so that it was crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside, not too oily or salty, with light sprinkling of grated parmesan on top.  Fancy restrooms down the hall from the restaurant.  Service was good, prompt.  Since I'd asked for no cheese in my sandwich, the waiter, noticing some cheese sprinkled on top of the fries, asked if that was ok.Wraps for two people, $30 including tax but not tip.
4	Had two breakfast and the sake Sunday brunch over labor day weekend.  The room is very airy and comfortable.  The service is excellent.  The food during the regular breakfast is expensive but fresh and tasty.  The brunch though...was killer.  The appetizer buffet had a fantastically fresh oyster bar with three varieties.  Each oyster runs $3-4 at most placed so do the math (brunch is $58).  There are sashimi and sushi and all kinds of app and salads then they pass around other apps and dim sum then you get you entree (Indian, Asian, American choices) then the desert buffet. Oh my!!  Juice is not included we found out ($8 each , ouch) That being said, I'm still thinking about is for our next trip!
4	Dined at Mozen five times since the Mandarin Oriental opened.  Always for dinner.  This is the "everyday" restaurant hotel and it is true to form for this trendy, luxury property.  The cuisine is modern Asian fusion prepared using very fresh ingredients.  Presentation is what you would expect.  Bottom line, the food is all very good.Flavors are VERY bold almost to the point of being overly exaggerated.  Almost every dish attempts to contrast flavors and textures.  It is the total opposite of the best examples of pure Asian cultural cuisines, that focus on subtle flavors and interaction of ingredients.  This is not a bad thing but be very cautions when trying to pair wines with your food.  I would strongly recommend ordering wines by the glass and pairing them with each individual course or drink pure vodka or gin martinis (the high alcohol and neutral flavor cleanses the palate and enhances the food well).Everything is good so be adventurous.
5	I love this place! I dined here 4 times during my stay at the MO for my birthday - 2 times for breakfast, 1 for dinner, and 1 for brunch. Everything was so good and fresh. Dinner: I ordered Indian fare and it was simply the best Indian food I have ever eaten. Like another reviewer said, the flavors are bold. The Indian rice was literally melting in your mouth. Since it was my birthday, the restaurant surprised me with Dom Perignon - very classy indeed.Breakfast: Very awesome breakfast that will fill you up and leave you happy. I ordered the Mandarin breakfast twice and still couldn't get enough! Also had fresh orange juice and Japanese green tea.Brunch: Wow this was epic. I love the sushi, sashimii...and everything about brunch. At $58/person, it is slightly pricey but very much worth the price. I think I had over $100 worth of sushi by myself, not counting the bunch entree...it was so good.And of course, MOzen followed in the path of the MO so service was beyond excellent! Everyone was so nice....Expect dinner to be around $120+ for two, breakfast to be about $65-80 and brunch to be $165+.
2	Left feeling disappointed after Sunday Brunch.  The only option was the buffet, with the choice of entrees.  Though my entree was very good (Chicken Curry), the buffet was limited and the sushi "tired".  We really, really wanted noodle soup, and they weren't set up for it at the time.  For $58 for an entree, and some dried out sushi and oysters, didn't seem like a good value.  If the price was $39, I probably would feel differently.  If you're doing a buffet, either go "all-in" (like the Ritz in Miami) or don't bother--especially in Vegas!On the plus, the service was very attentive.  Would I go back again?  Only if I could order off the regular menu.
5	Fabulous food. Great service. Unique menu.Located in the Mandarin Oriental, this is a location i found on mobile yelp as I was visiting Las Vegas.  The Mandarin was a bit difficult to find, however, once you found it, it knocked my socks off.  But that is a different review.The atmosphere was definitely not what i expected from an asian fusion restuarant.  It was very tastefully decorated (modern) but few oriental decorations.  calming low lights and candles and a great view of city center.Our server, Kathleen, was wonderful.  Polite, attentive, SMILING.The menu was very diverse from Japanese sushi to Indian curry and everything in between.  And a few favorites from the west.  Everything sounded so good and inviting but we had to choose what we wanted.I ordered the specials of the day and they were a tomato tostada soup (what the hell is that i thought) and a vegetable curry dish with ricotta cheese.  Never had either but when in Rome . . .the soup came in a big bowl with the hard goods inside.  Separately, Kathleen poured the soup portion on top of the substance.  The taste was incredible.  it was definitely a steak tostada in that bowl topped with the most scrumptious tomato bisque ever.The curry came next and it was to die for.  I have never gotten full from eating vegetables, but this plate had me leaving 1/2 of it there.  It was so delicious and hearty but very filling.  the curry was spicy and the vegetables had an interesting blend of flavors - one of which i could have sworn is eucalyptus.  it came with a side of mango chutney and lentils for your desired (additional) flavoring.We also ordered a mac and cheese - only this was smoked.  OMG.  smoked gouda in my M&C?  my new all time favorite.This is the place to go for something different and delicious.  I will definitely be back here.
3	Our party of 3 made reservations for Christmas dinner here as it was highly recommended.  The restaurant was very quiet with only two other parties there when we arrived for a 7 pm reservation, and yet we had to wait about 5 minutes before our hostess appeared.  The food was above average but not exceptional and the fish dish we ordered had to be returned to the kitchen because it was undercooked.  The Indian curry I ordered was a fabulous taste senation but the Naan Bread that accompanied it was burnt in places.  Their steak was cooked well as ordered and had great flavor.  We ordered a mandarin/chocolate burnt creame dessert but the sugary topping was cooked too thickly to be enjoyable.  Another thing is that the tables are too small.  Our party of 3 was seated at a table for 4 and yet it was too crowded most of the evening at a restaurant which serves things on many little dishes.  We were constantly having to shuffle dishes around to make room for new ones that came or rush to clear off old dishes and we felt that we constantly had to be on the lookout that something did not fall off the table, which did happen.  Service however, was exceptional.  Would I return again?  I honestly don't know since Las Vegas is a city full of so many fantastic restaurants to try.
3	Unlike the other reviewers, i feel like MOzen gets lost in the midst of thousands of restaurants on the vegas strip. I ate there last night for a company dinner and already, the memory is very faint.Between the 5 of us, we ordered filet mignon, sea bass, and chicken for entrees, and ordered sushi rolls, calamari, chef salads, and caprese salads for appetizers. The food was good, no doubt - but memorable? Not really. If you're looking for a good meal at a 5 star restaurant, then this is a good candidate. It's not something i'll be craving for when i come back, though. Sorry MOzen!
4	A solid restaurant located on the 3rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental, Mozen (M-O standing for Mandarin Oriental)  offers an oustanding brunch for $58 or delicious entrees as well. I came here for dinner and got a delicious cod covered in black truffle sauce for $32. Most entrees are in the high $20's to low $40's and appetizers are just under $20. I was slightly disappointed with the limited wine list. They only had about 5-6 options of red by the glass, ranging in $16-$24 per glass. There was a decent selection of bottles, though.Outstanding service and a beautiful interior, this place is excellent for a business meal or a romantic date.
4	I would categorize MOzen as one of those "glad we went there, but don't need to go again" places. Most of our dishes were expertly presented; the waitstaff was incredibly attentive and friendly; the location and views were great. Most of the dishes were great too. Eclectic and a little confusing, but great.Loved the Kobe short rib, it was truly memorable. Fatty and cooked "for 48 hours", it was fork tender. The other dishes around the table were beautiful to look at - the chirashi bowl was gorgeous and fish was fresh, and the tuna tataki got raved about. There was an "indian dish" (can't remember the name) that looked and smelled pretty good too.It's a tad pricey (it is the Mandarin Oriental, so...). The sides are unmemorable and overpriced (basic mashed potatoes $10; small bowl of spinach $10; a side bowl of rice $9!!!). Folks, this is a nice place for dinner and it's off the beaten Vegas-strip path. Order the unique stuff and beware of the overpriced sides and you will enjoy the ride.
3	Part of me wants to give 2 stars because several things were not up to par; however, there were redeeming factors that yield the 3 star rating.  As guests at the Mandarin Oriental, and very much enjoying our stay, it seemed only natural to try MOzen for convenience if nothing else.  I kind of wish we hadn't bothered.Prices are high, but we expected that.  Service was attentive and friendly, but not without errors (failing to replace utensils, kitchen took so long to prepare our food that we almost walked out).  The food was a mixed bag.  Calamari was very well seasoned but overcooked (this is what happens when you have tiny pieces of calamari)--we sent it back.  Mushroom soup, which was ordered in place of the calamari, was delicious; best part of the whole lunch, and a generous serving.  Breads were good, especially the miso roll.  French fries were outstanding, salad was fine, turkey club was very good, chicken tikka masala wrap was very unappealing...I ended up just eating the fries with the cilantro chutney; couldn't stomach the wrap itself.  I told the server not to recommend it to any other Indian customers.  Maybe it works for palates not accustomed to Indian flavors?To the server's credit, she was pleasant throughout the meal (even though we were critical of the food) and kept our beverage glasses full.  She removed the calamari and tikka masala wrap from the bill, so we walked out for just under $50.  Maybe they do other dishes better, but I won't bother giving them a second chance.  It was such a disappointment, and $40 for soup and a sandwich and a Coke is ridiculous by my standards.  So sorry, MOzen.
2	Was the food awful?  not really.Was it expensive?  really.Was the service good?  not.There was a "big party" in the other room.  The place was otherwise empty.  Servers were grabbing chairs and tables out of our room to take to the "big party" room.  We were completely neglected.  We were literally the only people in the place and couldn't get service.  For the price, the food sucked.  Obviously they don't do enough business to keep seafood fresh or to hire qualified chefs.. What a joke.So, the "big party" shows up and it's a bunch of wasted frat boy goofballs in cargo shorts.  Screaming and cheering.  How is that allowable in a restaurant that professes to be fine-dining, at least their prices do?  Desperation.  That's how.  The douchebags in cargo shorts and their brothers in bluetooth with pleated pants and braided belts screamed and screamed and screamed.What an awful experience.  Can't believe they're still in business...
4	We went here after a friend recommended it. It's a beautiful, spacious and modern restaurant on the 3rd floor of the Mandarin. Service was attentive but nonobtrusive. We started off with the bento box asn appetizer. It was very fun to eat! It had bbq pork buns, pork shu mai, samosas, some shrimp mayo salad, oyster and tofu. I love tofu but that tofu was boring and they should have added 2 oysters. Next up were our main entrees. We shared the 72 hour kobe short rib and murgh mukhani (chicken in creamy curry). We were told the Indian food is the best there and for us, it really was! The curry came with naan, lentil soup and 2 small items I don't remember. I'm not a big beef eater but my hubby loooooved the short rib. Did I mention it comes with a huge pat of butter on top?? Everything we ate was delicious and we would definitely go back!!
5	Probably your 3rd cheapest dining option in the Mandarin (behind Twist and room service, but maybe above the pool).  We came here for our free continental breakfast and a super quick lunch.  All the servers were very nice and always helpful.  Even when we had only 30 minutes for lunch, they accommodated us and expedited our orders.  The only flaw was that we were informed that they would be open at 6AM on Sunday, but were really only opened at 6:30 when we arrived.The floor manager was very concerned about the satisfaction of each any every table.  He personally visited everyone without being too intrusive and even responded well to an unhappy customer.  He even helped restock the breakfast bar.  While in typical Mandarin Oriental fashion, his service was superior.  4 and 1/2 stars for the exceptional service, but 1/2 off for the pricey breakfast (even if we didn't have to pay).  They even had mangosteen.
5	Being a Vegetarian who is Gluten & Lactose Intolerant, dining out can be  a saddening experience, I usually stick to salad, but stumbling across MOzen Bistro was the best part of my Vegas vacation.   They understood my limitations, spoke with the Chef and made one of the best meals I have had in years, that along with the special attention and great service makes this a MUST for me for years to come.  THANK YOU!!!
3	If you've read any of my past posts, you will note that all of my negative posts have some sort of poor customer service associated with them.  And if you've read my original visit post, you will note that Mozen Bistro got 5 stars after my first visit. You guessed it, MB is getting 3 stars (althought i'd like to give 2.5) this time . . . not for the food quality, but for the service.First, the food is awesome.  They introduced a new Bento option to the menu and all of the small options (from the east) were delicous.  There was such a huge variety, it was hard to select which to pick.  With the Bento option, you got to select 6 out of about 30 menu items to eat.  There was nothing i didn't thoroughly enjoy.Second, the staff were all friendly and pleasant.  They greeted us warmly and were genuine.  The hostess was unusually helpful and allowed me to charge my cell phone at her station as my battery was running low.Third, the service itself was poor and here was our experience.  The water glasses went empty and we had to ask to get them refilled . . . several times it took more than 10 minutes to get that accomplished (by the way, the restaurant was about 1/3 full).  One of my dining partners asked for a wine menu and 15 minutes later, he finally got one after asking twice.  One of my favorite items on my first visit was the smoked gouda mac n cheese.  I noticed it wasn't in the menu, so i asked the servers assistant if it was available off menu and she said she'd check.  When our server came to take our orders, i had inquired about the mac n cheese and she said she'd check.  Our dinners were delivered by someone else and when our server came back to check on us, i asked about this one item and she said it wasn't available . . . well, after our meals were already being consumed was not the time to tell me.  I should have had the answer before i ordered my meal, not 1/2 hour later after i had to ask the third time.  One other point that was made . . . because of the large Bento selections, one of my dinner mates was having a hard time making a decision . . . he asked the server for assistance and all she contributed was "everything is excellent" - well, that really ended up not helping him at all and i know he was taken a bit aback by that answer and ended up making his own decision without the guidance he was looking for.I am sure this service experience was more of a fluke, however, i had my expectations set so high from my first visit, i ended up somewhat deflated after this visit.  Especially considering i had suggested this place to work associates that were coming in from NY City to meet with me.We ended up talking to the MOD after our dinner and I wanted to make sure he knew my concern (i asked him to meet me in the hallway so i could be discreet).  He was pleasant and listened and gave me the card of the general manager.  The next day I received a message from Christian and for the next few days he and i just traded messages but we ended up not actually speaking so he only received my account third hand.  He can now read about my experience first hand now.Anyway, i definitely think this place is a must visit.  I hope that the service training gets a boost.
5	Pani Puri (seriously, they really have it and it is amazing). Not cheap, but their Indian food is made by a real Indian chef who understands how the food is supposed to taste. I eat there on every trip to Vegas. So far I have not been able to try anything except the Indian food (too good  to pass up). But be forewarned, this is not americanized Indian food, it tastes like real Indian food and some dishes pack a punch.
4	I decided I had to check out the Mandarin as I have stayed at the Aria, Vdara, and Cosmopolitan.  Mozen Bistro gave me the perfect excuse.I came here on a Sunday at around noon, just in time for their Sunday Brunch.  I broke my brunch into 5 courses:1.  Fruits and breakfast pastries.  Fruits were fresh with a great variety.  I found the pastries ok, but not up to my expectations given the price.2. Salad + cheese plate.  Roasted veggies and greens were good.  I had 3 different cheeses.  All were very good, almost excellent.3. Sushi.  They offered fresh sashimi, but as a vegetarian, I stuck to veggie rolls.  I eat sushi often and relative to the bay area - maybe a 5/10.4. The entree.  As part of the brunch you choose an entree.  I had an Indian curry dish with homemade paneer (Indian cottage cheese).  It was excellent.  Well balanced spices and minimal use of butter, cream, or other 'cheats'5. Desserts.  They had a full cart of desserts, most the equivalent of a 'dessert shooter.'  While this concept reminds me a little of PF Changs, theirs had gold shavings  and a skilled pastry chef behind them.  I sampled 6 different ones and loved 4 of them.  This is a little tough for me.  It was extremely expensive - $70+ per person (after tip).  I didn't feel like I got my money's worth, but it was enjoyable.  Food - 4/5Atmosphere - 4/5Service - 5/5Value - 3/5
5	Banana sushi roll was to-die-for!  I still dream about it to this day. Also order the hot tea for an elegant afternoon tea.
5	Mozen Bistro allows the diner's palate to travel around Asia experiencing the flavors of Thailand, Southeast Asia, Japan, Korea and India. You can create your own bento box for bite-sized experiences. OR you can order slightly larger portions (like tapas) for a greater experience. For those less willing to explore, the flip side of menu offers more traditional fare, like American and Italian food. I loved that the chefs are Indian, Asian and other parts of the world. I believe it adds to the sexy atmosphere and authentic flavors.Before or after dinner, you MUST also have a cocktail at the hotel's Mandarin bar. It'll put the olive in your martini so-to-speak!
3	Excellent food but somewhat pricey.
4	This place is one of the best Asian restaurants I've dined at while Las Vegas. My cousin, who lives in Vegas, took me here for dinner, and the food is great.  I had the miso soup and Tai Curry.  The staff and chef were so helpful and friendly that they sent my cousin the recipe for their mango chutney.  How cool is that.
5	I can't give MOzen Bistro anything less than 5 stars.  I came for breakfast today and I was so glad I did.  MOzen is on the 3rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in CityCenter.  The view of the Veer Towers and Crystals is excellent, but I didn't come for that.I ordered the Nantucket Eggs--Grilled jumbo lump crab cakes, poached eggs, baby spinach and hollandaise sauce (from their menu).  I also got a nice round of cubed breakfast potatoes topped with two asparagus spears and two grilled tomato wedges.  I also ordered pork sausage links as a side.  The crab in the crab cakes was excellent and the poached eggs were done the way I like them.  Everything was very tasty.I can't review MOzen without mentioning the excellent service I received.  My server, Alejandro, let me know this would take a bit longer to prepare and asked if that was all right.  During the wait, the manager came by and introduced himself.  He learned I was a local and seemed pleased to have a local visiting the restaurant. He brought me the dinner menu and invited me to return for some Asian fusion dishes.  He also offered to bring me a newspaper to read while I waited.Alejandro was equally gracious and on the ball.  He refilled my coffee several times, came by to see if everything was prepared right, and saw to it that I received excellent service.The place is pricey, but it was well worth it and I knew the prices before going there.   I will be back to have dinner.  This was an excellent breakfast experience!
4	I ate Thanksgiving meal and it was very good. I had the leek soup, and they made me a tasty mushroom risotto since I'm vegetarian. Dessert was an amazing pumpkin creme brulee. My husband said the turkey was good.
3	This is a review of their lunch menu.The Skinny: food is nothing awe inspiring however the quality of the ingredients is very good (3.5) service: was okay... but I expected something better from a place in the Mandarin Oriental (3) value: appears expensive but portion sizes are commensurate with location and service unless you're talking about the sushi. (3.5)After going to the Spa at the Mandarin Oriental with my sister, we opted to head here for lunch. (I wasn't looking forward to having my spa smell obliterated by the smell of cigarette smoke, thank you very much.)I had seen the menus at Mozen Bistro before so I was anticipated my wallet to be raped royally. What I found surprised me.The lunch menu had several items on it below $20 with very healthy portion sizes. Opting for my standard favourite, I opted for the Smoked Turkey Club ($16; comes with fries and salad). The hubs ordered a kobe beef burger with pretty much unlimited toppings ($28; includes fries and salad).  My sister chose the Thai Beef Salad.We were started with a lovely basket of various rolls with three dipping sauces. Although the sauces (a tzatztki, a sundried tomato anti-pasti, an olive oil) did not appear to suit the bread that was served (baguette really needs butter), it was definitely nice to have to start the meal. For the sandwiches, it came with a rather large portion of fries and salad. The dressing wa a nice light dressing with just the right amount of acidity while the fries were nice and crisp. The generous serving sizes really surprised us given our location (on the Strip) and the cost of the meals.I really enjoyed my turkey club sandwich. Although I would have preferred real fresh turkey, the amount of quality deli turkey was really good. Add to that a nice assortment of cheese (smoked gouda!), bacon and avocado, it made for a pretty nice big sandwich (I could barely finish half of it... even when I took out 60% of the bread). I do wish that the sandwich was heated to allow the cheese to melt a bit and the meat to be warm but that is personal taste.Next, the Kobe burger. It's kind of a unlimited toppings deal so my hubby ordered it with bibb lettuce, cheddar, grilled onions, and wild mushrooms. For a fancy place, the burger was a definite two-handed affair.  He could barely get his mouth around that bad boy! It was also prepared perfectly medium rare. I asked him how it tasted. He replied, "Not the best burger I've ever had, but given the quality and quantity - very decent on both accounts".My sister's Thai beef salad was also quite tasty. Loaded with a ton of ribeye ("there's half a cow in here!"), it was decently priced given the amount of protein. She also indulged in 3 warm rolls to fill in the carb gap.By now we felt very close to Mr.Creosote (from The Meaning of LIfe), so of course the waiter comes by with three still warm lemon madelines. Not being able to pass these up, we gobbled those beautiful buttery beauties up. I literally did not need to eat until the next morning.Overall, the service was only okay in my books. Given the caliber of this establishment, there were numerous times we had to signal our slightly vacant waiter to refill water, to get a box for our leftovers, to get our cheque.  Despite this, the staff was very friendly and helpful throughout our meal which is a plus.Given the quality of the food and portion sizes, this place gets a 3.5 stars. I am definitely interested to try this place again although I will pass on the sushi (I checked an adjacent table's maki which appeared to have way too much rice to filling ratio... that's no good in my  books!).
5	I would add more stars if it was possible!!!!We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental last weekend. During our 3 nights stay, we had Mozen for Lunch, Brunch, Dinner and Room Service 1 hour before leaving for the Airport.Eating at Mozen was as if we were eating at a 5 star Japanese, Thai, Chinese and Indian restaurant at the same time!The service was impeccable! The food D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S! Do not miss the brunch on Sundays!!!!
5	Good Food!! Good Service!!! Food quality is superb.  We love everything we tried on the menu.  Would definitely go back every time when we are revisiting Vegas.
5	We ate here 3 times during our stay at the Mandarin and loved it.  It's a "pan Asian" style, with Japanese, Thai, Indian and Chinese.  The staff here (and at the hotel in general) really made us feel likely family with A++ service.   We loved our waiter, Alex and requested him on repeated visits, and the Japanese chef Kats, who made us several off-menu treats.  The chicken tikka wrap (Indian) was exceptional, generous portions and only $14, cheap for a hotel like this.  The "hangover brunch" buffet on Jan 1 was probably the best brunch we've ever had, and we're pretty serious foodies from San Francisco (although new to writing Yelp reviews).  If you love Asian food of all types their buffet is a must try! Cheers.
5	From the moment we walked into Mozen Bistro we knew it was going to be an amazing experience.  I have to admit when my Husband first suggested Mozen I thought it looked like it could be an uptight restaurant with nothing I would like.  I'm a pretty finicky eater and I'm not very adventurous when it comes to food.  We started with a couple of appetizers - Ebi & Vegetable Tempura and the Salt and Pepper Calamari.  The appetizers were excellent and cooked to perfection.  For our entree's, I ordered the Murgh Makhani.  Our waiter told me this was his favorite and one of the best selling entrees.  I was a bit skeptical but I ordered it anyway.  I am SO glad I ordered this dish!  It was amazing.  The Indian curry was so creamy and delicious!  The chicken in this dish was cooked perfectly, it was SO tender.  I will definitely order this dish again when I return to this restaurant.  My Husband ordered the North Indian Nalli Gosht Curry.  When his dish arrived we were in awe, it looked so cool.  It had a large lamb shank sticking from the bowl.  The lamb was so tender it fell off the bone, this dish was another amazing entree.  The basmati rice was cooked perfectly.  I have tried to cook Indian rice and I have had other's cook it for us and it has NEVER turned out like Mozen's.  In case your wondering what naan is, it is Indian bread.  It comes out steaming hot and it taste great .... especially when you dip it in your curry.  The wait staff was perfect.  They were there the second your water needed to be refilled or they noticed an empty dish was on your table.  Also the maitre d, stopped by several times to make sure we liked our food and to check on us.  The service was impeccable.Our entire meal, including 1 cocktail, 1 glass of wine and 20% tip, was $150.  Very reasonable for 5 star hotel dining!!Next time we return we look forward to trying the Bento Box, and also trying it for breakfast or brunch.  We highly recommend this restaurant and will go back.
4	I had Sunday brunch with my fiance at Mozen a week before Xmas. It's $58 per person with all you can eat Sunday brunch. They have open bar with pacific oysters on half shells, sashimi, hand rolls, sushi (eel sushi is especially yummy), salads, fruits, cheeses, and deserts. On top of that, server brings out special appetizers from kitchen to table every half hour. Each person can also order one dish from their brunch entree menu. The seared scallop with curried rice, was incredible. I love the sour cream sorbet which came with seared scallop! After I told chef that I am big fan of oysters and sushi, he made us special orders of sashimi plate and oysters on shells with yozu sauce. Because it was a week before Xmas, there were mini cupcakes decorated with beautiful sugar sculptures of snowman, ran deer, and Santa. Services here were definitely outstanding. You also get nice view of Crystals (the shopping mall) and the Strip (great for people watching) from windows. Overall, it was really nice experience. Although their price is slightly on the high side, but its worth it to have the experience.
5	Vegan breakfast! Awesome place! Love it!
4	My 300th review is about my journey through Asia.  Eric R. and I have a great new Vegas tradition where any time any of our uncles visit us, they take us to dinner!!  I had the great fortune of picking the place this time, and off we went to Mandarin Oriental.The whole reason I came was for the bento dinner, but we all saw so many things we wanted to try that we just ordered many dishes a la carte.  I had the cucumber cilantro magarita, which was very refreshing.First, we ordered a little sushi (Cali roll with REAL crab, spicy yellowtail roll, salmon nigiri, and toro nigiri).  Toro was super oozily fatty delicious, and the salmon was very fresh.  I loved the flavor of the yellowtail even in the roll, and this was the first California roll I actually liked.Then, we sampled beef carpaccio with mushroom, Thai beef salad, chicken rice paper wraps, and chicken lettuce cups.  A lot of these items were a bit spicy for Eric R.'s taste but I liked them!  Eric R. also got the peking duck bao from the Chinese new year menu, and only gave me a tiny bite but it was deeeelicious!  I love scallions mmm!Next round included Thai fish cake (looked scary but tasted good), bulgogi with rice/kimchi/butter lettuce cups (substantial portion!), wasabi prawn, and Singapore chili soft shell crab.Third round: Indian lamb kebob, naan, tandoori chicken, and dosa - served with various chutneys - tomato, coriander.Interestingly, the Indian food which was praised in expert reviews did not excite any of us too much.  We we already pretty full when it came out too :)  The lamb was sweet and had a strong taste of cardamom, the chicken not too flavorful, the naan was blah.  The dosa was pretty good.Lastly, Eric R. and I split mango, strawberry and mascarpone gelatos (the fruit ones were amazing) and his uncle had the lychee mousse with passionfruit sorbet.  They gave me all of the chocolate ribbons (yay)!It was a fun journey through Asia with great service and everyone had an open mind.  My favorites were the sushi (quality outstanding), the duck I barely sampled, the bulgogi, and the wasabi prawn.  The spicy peanut fish sauce with the rice paper wraps was really yummy.
4	This should have been a 5 but I just wasn't happy with the corn beef hash.  It was diced potatoes and diced chunks of corn beef.  The Bento Box for breakfast was very good minus the weirdBrown fruit or vegetable with put in the middle.  I nearly spit it out.  Salmon, rice and miso soup excellent.  Good green tea.  Nantucket breakfast to die for.  Think lump crab cake eggs Benedict.
5	My wife, friends and I went to MOzen for brunch and had a great time.  The food was great and the service is friendly and efficient without getting in the way of the conversation.
5	Best sashimi and tandoori ever!
5	Came last month for Restaurant Week so this review is a lil late ~ but here is all you need to know about this place:  GREAT foodGREAT serviceBeautiful room w/ nice welcoming vibe It gets frustrating for locals like myself to eat 'splurgy' meals at some of the higher-end places at the Strip, and then ending up w/ mediocre service and over-priced food because the staff/restaurant thinks you're a tourist and you won't be back.Well, I am thrilled to report that Mozen is definitely NOT that type of Strip restaurant! :DService was super friendly and attentive, the room is fancy and beautiful (but not  stuffy pretentious) and the Bento Box lunch special was chock full (too much food, actually) of absolutely delicious selections.  The indian-spiced chicken (tikka type flavor) was especially outstanding. As a bonus, it sure is nice to be able to get to a nice Strip restaurant without having to navigate a smokey casino floor and dodging obnoxious tipsy tourists fixated on having their "what happens in Vegas..." experience!
5	In a town that's filled with cigarette smoke, inflated prices, and a clusterf^&* of people, it's tough to find a restaurant that offers intimacy and good food.  The Mozen offers both of those things.  My friend and I came here for dinner on a Tuesday night.  The seating is well spaced and you aren't squeezed in like most restaurants in Vegas.  Low-ambient lighting sets the mood right for a delicious meal.  Apparently their bento boxes are their specialty, but I was in the mood for some meat so I decided to order the rib eye and it was a great choice.  It was tender and delicious. The sides of vegetables were wonderful accents to a delicious meal.  Although the Mozen doesn't offer a view quite as extravagant as Twist or the Mandarin Bar, it still gives a nice "elevated" view of some of the hotels. All in all this place provided a great experience and beats a majority of the "elite" restaurants on the strip. I'll be back again...
4	MOzen was one of the highlights of our recent trip to Las Vegas.  The Mandarin hotel is very peaceful and the ambiance of MOzen reflected that.  The food was great - the Sushi/Sashimi were amazing, especially for a non-Japanese restaurant.  The spicy tuna roll was one of the best I've tasted.  We had a few other dishes from the Bento special that were also quite good.  Definitely recommend it!
3	My girlfriend and I came here ate breakfast here four times (guests at the hotel) and a late lunch one time.The breakfast was standard, nothing special. Mozen serves traditional breakfast items and nothing was that unique or creative besides a Japanese breakfast bento box, which was the best thing I ordered over four days. Everything else was just okay. Lunch was also okay. The prices are very expensive for the quality of food. This place certainly beats going to a buffet though.
5	We stayed at the Mandarin Oriental and rarely ventured out of the hotel for food - the food at Mozen was so delicious, we wanted to try everything! Over the three days that we were there, we practically had every meal there! I became obsessed with their yogurt parfait for breakfast - I had it for three consecutive days and still could not get enough of it. They make their yogurt fresh in-house. The vanilla flavor was so exquisite and pure, I've never had anything like it! And I'm not even usually a yogurt fan! When I mentioned to the waiter that I loved it, he had me write down my email. The next day, the chef of Mozen himself, Vivek Rawat, wrote me an email thanking me for my patronage and attached the recipe! He even said I could feel free to email him back if I needed clarification! I was floored!We went several times for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Every single thing we tried there was incredibly delicious! The service was impeccable. Everyone was super attentive and nice. We will definitely be returning next time we visit Las Vegas.
3	Overall, 3.5 stars. While I adore the Mandarin Oriental, I expected more from MOzen Bistro. Don't get me wrong- nothing was in the slightest bit bad! But I just felt like for the money you pay here, there should have been more urgency for quality/above&beyond creativity. Okay, something that really threw me off: it's the Mandarin, so of course I'm going to get tea. I ordered the green, but asked if I could do this iced. They said sure, no problem. They bring me out a piping hot pot of green tea, and cup of ice. Well, I'm sure that you can imagine the combination. They could have done this much better (brewed it twice to triple as strong, poured it into excessive amounts of ice, then had a separate pitcher for me, etc). But, this was just the drink, so I won't judge them a ton on that. Service was standard for the Mandarin. That in itself says enough. The food took about an average time to arrive. I got the Eggs Migas (their southwestern approach to scrambled eggs). These were good, but I'm glad I ordered a side of goat cheese to scramble in...it gave it a nice extra kick. My mom had the steel-cut oatmeal and expressed her delight with it. My dad had the omelette, and it was just a standard omelette...nothing special or out of the ordinary. Sister and her boyfriend had the French toast on the baguette..and they said it was again "just okay."The real winner:--Yogurt, granola, & fruit parfait! PLEASE just get this. Housemade yogurt and granola and it was divine. Great, fresh fruit throughout.--Chicken-apple sausage! Just a tad sweet and big on taste. I prefer Thomas Keller's Bouchon over at the Venetian-- more selection, not as overpriced, and just overall better, in my opinion. If you're at the Mandarin Oriental, though, then this is your best (and only?) bet for a breakfast and/or early lunch.
2	I wouldn't rave about the food as we went there for breakfast and while the service was great the food was ok and definitely ok for the expensive side. The 4 of us had breakfast and it was nearly 200 including tip as we had a couple of juices and coffees. Just crazy! I ordered the chicken congee which lacked flavor and condiments. Probably not in a hurry to go back. Service was excellent though as you would expect but the breakfast menu ok.
5	Awesome tapas, they were all amazing and the service was excellent. The Mandarin Oriental is an oasis in the middle of the strip.
5	A. Even if you are not staying at the Mandarin Oriental, visit MOZen, it is excellent. B. The service was phenomenal.  Our waiters, Steve (a great resource for all that is Vegas and a man who knows his sake) and Alex (new to the game but eager to help) did a great job taking care of us.C. Go with the Bento Box, you will not be disappointed.  It is a filling variety of what MO has to offer and keeps things light if you are about to hit the town.D.  Their sake list was out of this world and reasonable.  Cheaper than what we pay for at high end places in Texas.  E. Excellent, fresh sashimi.If you have the time, perhaps to just check out the MO or spend an evening around City Center, go and enjoy an intimate dinner at MOZen.  It is well worth it.
4	Bold.  In your face.  High octane.  The flavors of Mozen.  Unexpected in the reserved, contemporary elegance of the Mandarin Oriental but oh so good!Note:  This updated review is based on multiple visit for dinner service only.The menu is broken into two parts, a build your own bento box (select from regional Asian dishes) or larger portions of mains split between south east Asian dishes or classic western dishes.  The bento ($48 for six selections) is the best way to enjoy and sample Mozen.  Simply put, it's an exaggerated, fun, foodie tour of Asia.Flavors are very bold and over the top.  Do not expect subtle flavors, hints of this, a wafting aroma of that.  Surprisingly, it all works especially when combining so many strong classic cuisines of Asia.  Some standouts:  Hae-Mul Pa-Jeon (Korean pancake filled with shrimp and lump crab); what's not to love.Beef Carpaccio with a mixed mushroom "chutney" drizzled with a soy ginger vinaigrette; sweet beefy goodness explodes against the earthy foil.Steamed grouper topped with cilantro and scallions; moist and delicious.Singapore Chili crab made with a soft shell crab; sweet and spicy.Galouti Kebab (smoked, minced lamb with classic Indian spices and a mint chutney); deep earthy richness with a bright herbaceous finish.Very well chosen wine list.  Vegas resort prices.Service is excellentGreat concept.  Highly recommended.
3	Enjoyed the Bento Box experience - a selection of 6 items off the menu - which include varied Asian options..... Japanese, Indian, Mandarin, East/West, etc.   It was fun, but more than confusing by the time you received your meal.  You pretty much forgot what you had ordered and, for me, I don't like eating something when I'm not sure what I'm putting in my mouth.   Sometimes there are shells you should be aware of and added flavors or accompaniments you might not want to eat.   Overall, the food was good, but not as "wow" as I expected.   However, it was very convenient for us, as we were staying at the Mandarin Oriental.  It could also have a better view.
2	Service is average can;t ask too much as we stopped by for a breakfast we didn't expect.The biggest letdown was the chicken congee.  The presentation was cute with a few side dishes going with it.  But gosh...it tasted like gel, gluey and weird.  Ew...how can a chinese hotel made such a awful congee since this is such a basic chinese comfort food??  I was so tempted to send it back..The French toast was better but not much.  It was so small and too sweet while nothing on the side.  Considering $20 for these two little pieces of lonely toast, this is a total rip off.You know what, CVS and Walgreen are near the hotel, we should grab a carton of milk there instead.
4	I absolutely enjoyed MOzen Bistro.  It was a beautiful dining room and the service was impeccable, especially considering my 3 yr old was with me, and I encountered zero snobby service at such a fine dining establishment - a huge plus in my book! We visited for dinner and for breakfast: For dinner I can highly recommend the TAGLIATELLE BOLOGNAISE. $28  WOW.  just WOW. Succulent, fresh and tender pasta and meat.  absolutely delectable sauce.  it was amazing.The Amuse Bouche was a lovely surprise.  Delicious salmon tartare.  I could have nibbled my way through the entire tray of them!  The spiced cashews were nice too.I wasn't crazy about the offerings on the kids menu - they seemed way overpriced ($12 hot dog, $16 tomato basil pasta) and my son wanted Mac and Cheese which wasn't listed.  So I asked if they would accommodate us. Holy cow.The Chef's Mac N Cheese was so unbelievably good I would go back and request that anytime: For ME!  The chef made cavatappi pasta and an amazing bechamel sauce, with buttercrumb topping - and charged us $12.  SO worth it!!!!  I polished off what my son didn't finish.  I was not ashamed in the least.For Breakfast:I devoured the NANTUCKET EGGS: Grilled jumbo lump crab cakes, poached eggs, baby spinach and hollandaise sauce.  Scrumptious.  I loved them.  The crab was oh-so very fresh and in nice big pieces.  Hollandaise sauce was on the side so you can control the portion.  My husband felt it was too rich a dish.  But I just loved it. here's why I didn't give it 5 stars:I did not mind paying the entree prices, but thought the ordinary items were overpriced. An iced tea was $7.  seriously?  A single scrambled egg (for my son) at $6 Each coffee was $7.  and the big kicker was an 8oz glass of whole milk was $8.00  sheesh.  Overall, I would absolutely recommend this restaurant.  Just be aware that the little ordinary things cost more than one might expect.  However, the ambiance, the quality and the service were outstanding!
4	This place was delightful.  I wanted to treat myself to a special lunch as I was leaving Vegas and really am a foodie.  The service was not quite as attentive as I am used to in fine dining as I remember clearly needing service and not being able to make eye contact with any staff, I was left wanting.  As it is fine dining I didn't feel it would be appropriate to get out of my chair and find a server nor shout across teh dining room when one finally showed up.
4	This review is about their Sunday brunch.This is a great, and very non-traditional, brunch for Las Vegas, and Kudos to Mozen for having the guts to do.  This is a brunch that is much more focused on lighter food options, such as fresh sushi and sashimi, fruits, vegetables, and salads.  You also get a choice of a dish off their Sunday menu, which is definitely where you can find your "heavier" dishes.The food set up and presentation is gorgeous, and I can't say enough about the quality of their fish.  The sushi and sashimi were both top notch, and they will prepare the sashimi for you to order, so you can just get what you like.  The selection is not large, but the quality of the fish is superb.  The salmon and the tuna both were great, and just had a great mouth feel, and were fresh enough that there was no fishiness to them.The bread and fruit selection was wonderful too, with great pastries and a large assortment of fruit.  I truly had fun watching my friend trying to get the lychee open to get at the deliciousness that was inside.  The pastries were good too, but I've had better here in Vegas.Their main dishes span from a steak and eggs, to Northern Indian curry, to South Korean and Japanese.  I had the Korean seafood stew, and while it was ok, I wouldn't order it again.  I expected it to be somewhat spicier as it was made with kimchee, but the portion and quality was great.  There was a ton of tofu, and it had shrimp, scallops, and calamari as well.  My friends had the curry and paneer, and both were really great.  I could've just dipped the fresh naan they made in both of them and been happy.Their desert buffet, while limited in selection, was all delicious.  I liked how they had seasonal treats in there as well, and also they did some interesting flavor combinations.Overall, a great brunch, and while the price might get you, it was truly delicious and well worth every penny,.
4	We popped in fast because we were not allowed in the main dining room....they would not say why just that we could not go in.  The next day Prince Harry is seen naked all over the place and I'm pretty sure we were not allowed into the main place because he was renting the whole place out.So we came here.  It's excellent Vegas food and that's all you can say about Vegas food.  You're probably never going to be disappointed until you see your credit card bill.
5	Looking for a quiet, serene retreat from the Vegas Strip? While visiting the Mandarin Oriental Hotel, we decided to check out their restaurants. We were greeted very pleasantly at the MOzen Bistro, reviewed their menu, then decided to have a glass of wine and share some appetizers. What a zen-like treat in terms of atmosphere, soft background music, delicious delicacies, and impecable service. We recommend the wasabi shrimp...it may be one of the best appetizers we have ever eaten...such complex, yet subtle flavors. The sashimi was especially fresh and beautifully presented. The Thai steak salad consisted of beef that cut like butter, and again with wonderful tastes. All our appetizers were between $10-12 and by Vegas Strip standards, reasonably priced. Our server, Alex, complimented our experience by excellent recommendations and service. Upon leaving, the maitre de, Michael, graciously thanked us for our patronage.
4	Mozen Bistro was a godsend for us not-yet-ready-to-greet-the-morning folks.  Firstly & most importantly to point out, they offer free coffee from 6am - 8am & when you're awake & nervous as all get out b/c of a certain *event* later that day, you're thankful you don't have to leave the hotel for a cuppaAfter 8am, or if your fancy runs towards the espresso drinky variety, they have a full coffee bar that serves Illy Coffee & Illy just happens to  be my absolute FAV!We had drip coffee on the 1st morning & it was completely drinkable; lattes on the 2nd morning & they were creamy & smooth - just like the Illy lattes I know & love.  Maybe another shot would have made it perfect but this was still 1 decent latte that I'd get againService in the restaurant was phenomenal - our waitperson was so incredibly nice & this made the process of waking up so much easier.  Also free papers were provided & we had our choice b/t USA Today, Wall Street Journal or NY TimesWe both got omelets - mine w/ mushrooms & brie; BF got tomatoes, peppers, mushrooms & brieLet me just say that the mushrooms were tender & nicely cut to have a good bite of mushroom in each forkfull.  The brie was a perfect accompaniment - there were huge hunks that must have been added right at the very end b/c it was just a bit melty but still in "hunk" form & I can never get brie to do this when I add it to eggs.....it dissolves completely & I can't tell I even added it.....so props to you!Homefries also were flavorful - like tender roasted potatoes & the fruit cup was fresh & had lots of varietyThanks for helping us wake up & start our day!
4	(+)- Laksha lemak- Gosht Curry- Murgh Makhani- yogurt parfait (breakfast)Located on the 3rd floor of the mandarin oriental, also has a little breakfast/coffee section in the morning that offers pastries and drinks to go.I got dinner here with some coworkers around 9pm wed night, was close to closing time and there was only one other couple there. I loved laksa in singapore and I love coconut milk so the Laksha Lemak was an easy choice for me. It might not look huge but it is definitely a sizable portion filled with noodles, chicken, and big prawns, I had sizable leftovers and was super full. I also got to try some of my coworkers Gosht Curry (lamb) and Murgh makhani (chicken). The chicken was good but the lamb was better. The two curry plates were around 30-35 while the laksha was a little less than 30.I also got to try the yogurt parfait, a great choice if you want a tasty light, healthy breakfast.A little pricey for me but typical if not cheaper than usual hotel restaurants. You're paying for a more upscale environment and you'll definitely get some great food here.
4	I am a sucker for a Japanese Breakfast.  Mozen in in the Mandarin Hotel and what a nice and quiet place.  The elevator that takes you to the 3rd floor has a bench in it, so I had to sit on it just because.  The restaurant is very simple and bright, I ordered the b'fast bento - Salmon, tofu, miso soup, chawan mushi, rice, asian fruit cup and tsukemono.  All good butsome call outs - the Chawan mushi was deconstructed with the shrimp, green onions and etc on top and not mixed in.  I liked that very fresh toppings, What I would have liked was my Salmon shioyaki style, it had a teriyaki sauce on it.  the food will make me go back and want to try lunch or dinner
5	By far the best brunch I've ever had.  I can't say enough about this place!  The service, the food, everything was unbelievable.  I'm still telling people about this place when they ask about my trip to Vegas.
4	Our party of 8 went to breakfast each morning while staying at the hotel for 4 nights. Top notch service. Be prepared, prices edge toward $30++ for even the classic breakfast combination. A pdf of their menu can be found online. Mostly I had 2 poached eggs on English muffin with crisp bacon and it was great. (Skip their chicken sausage, yuck). The last morning I decided to get the European Breakfast which I don't recommend. Too savory and heavy, more suited to an evening cocktail hour. I'm posting a pic of it. Our hotel room package included a daily credit to use at the Bistro or for room service. Definitely recommend getting it.
3	Excellent food, but the service is spotty.  One day you may be offered free juice with your European breakfast, the next day they won't mention it.  Sometimes they ask how long you like your eggs boiled, sometimes they don't.  This morning it took 30 minutes from entering the restaurant to getting the food on the table (it was a simple order of Muesli and the European breakfast).  So be prepared for service inconsistencies.  But I'd come back for the food.
5	I don't understand why this place has anything less than 4.5 stars. Everything I had here was better than expected and totally worth the price tag. My sister and I literally sat there and ate for an hour and 40-minutes. At one point we wanted to cancel our entrees and just eat the buffet items! The BBQ pork was so tender - better than most Chinese take-out places that specialize in that stuff. They have XO sauce... Ok, if you're a real Asian, you know what XO sauce is... and you love the stuff. Lol... I can't help but laugh b/c we ate SOOOOOO much of it.They have a noodle bar, oysters, crab claws, sushi, and dessert... I'm a huge baker and I love baking, so I'm kind of picky with my sweets. I literally wanted to throw myself into the dessert table and just make sugar angels in the mess, then roll over and eat everything off the floor. Yes... It was like that. My fav would have to be the creme brulee with figs and gold leaf. The panna cotta was also super *nom.Oh, and don't leave w/o trying the Scallops. You'll smack yourself upside the head later if you do...
4	I have tried their dinner menu as well as their late light fare menu on Saturday.I will 100% say their small bites menu is the highlight (A journey through Asia).  My favorite was the Hokkaido scallops, and then came the Lemongrass Prawns and Yam Neua as a close second.  The scallops are served sashimi style over a cilantro pesto puree, while the lemongrass prawns are actually ground and served with a mango salsa.  Yam Neua (one of my favorite Thai dishes) is served pretty darn rare if that's your thing, and it's quite spicy, be weary.  Light and refreshing, but my lord those Bird's Eye Chilies are spicy!!I wasn't so crazy about the Bento box.  It's an assortment of 6 different items (to name a few a Japanese pancake, assorted Nigiri, salt and pepper calamari)  Don't get me wrong, it's good, but the small bites are a better idea, just because you can pick what you want, and everything I picked was delicious and made with so much attention to detail.Really like the small bites, wish the restaurant was a little more scenic.  Service was perfect.  Would def come back, and will definitely try the all you can eat sushi during the sunday brunch w live Jazz.  How awesome does that sound??
5	Mozen Bistro at the Mandarin Oriental gives their customers EXACTLY what they pay for...tasteful decor, outstanding service, excellent food quality AND presentation. Adding to my brunch love affair, their unlimited Veuve Clicquot for only $35 seriously had me considering forwarding my mail to Mozen Bistro.
5	Amazing.  Simply amazing.  My husband and I visited Mozen for dinner on Saturday 3/9/13.  I wanted Indian food for my birthday and he found Mozen on the restaurant week listings (which I believe is over now).  The set menu offered 3 courses for $40.13.  I ordered that while my husband ordered some small bites from the menu so we could share.There was not a single second, a single bite that I can complain about.  I had the Hokkaido scallops, which were an amazing combination of briney and sweet, followed by the chicken Makhni and a green tea dessert.  I ate every bite.  The sauces, the textures, everything, was perfect.  The chef paid attention to every detail.My husband had a chicken dish, the salt and pepper calamari and some lettuce wraps.  He too ate every morsel.  I tried the chicken and the calamari - and then I stole some more calamari.  Again, very tasty.  The service was wonderful.  The staff has found the right combination of attentive and invisible.  We didn't feel that we were being hovered over or bothered, but we never had to wonder where anyone was.We will surely be back.
4	MOzen is located in the Mandarin Oriental Hotel and the second that you pull up into the valet area, you are in zen mode.  Because there is no casino at this hotel, it is so peaceful and serene.  When we pulled up into the secluded driveway, there was only a couple other cars.  So refreshing not to be in a sea of honking horns and cabs.  When we walked in, the music in the lobby was so soft and soothing, as was the music in the elevators that took us to the 3rd floor where the restaurant is located. Again, so refreshing not to hear the slot machines nor walk through a haze of cigarette smoke.  The waitress explained the Restaurant Week menu in the most zen-like, soothing voice. The service was fantastic from everyone.  Seated by the window with a view of the City Center, I almost forgot that we were in Las Vegas. We were there to experience the Restaurant Week lunch menu ($30.13) so that is what we ordered, although the other menu items did look enticing.    The bento box was filled with:- Murgh Makhani Tandoori-  a roasted marinated chicken in a creamy indian curry. This was my favorite dish and even better with the Garlic Naan that accompanies it. - Salmon Crudo Tartare with marinated hearts of palm. This was my second favorite dish.- Miso mustard NY certified angus with miso mustard sauce.  The beef was a bit chewy, but the sauce was very flavorful. - California roll with lump crab, avocado, and cucumber.  This was just "meh". - Matcha Tiramisu- mascarpone green tea mousse, raspberry coulis.  This was so delicious, but the size of 2 dice.  :(  At the time, I didn't think this bento box was enough food.  I was almost tempted to order some sushi from the sushi bar.  However, I am glad I didn't because on the drive home and the food settled, I realized how stuffed I was.  I really enjoyed the offerings and am now intrigued to return.  They also have a breakfast menu in addition to the lunch and dinner served.  If you are looking to get away from the city without leaving- definitely give MOzen a try to experience that tranquil zen state.
5	Flawless food, amazing decor, and unparalleled service; a five star is the ONLY rating adequate for this restaurant.I made a reservation for Restaurant Week during lunch on a Sunday, and I was initially declined the RW menu upon seating because it was their buffet that morning.  The concierge who made the reservation for us though didn't tell us this.  So the hostess went to ask her manager if was possible to prepare the meal just for us.  This was their mistake, so I was hoping they'd own up and not make us do the buffet.  I whispered to my friends, "This is the Mandarin.. they can do ANYTHING."And as characteristic of the Mandarin Oriental, they met and exceeded my expectations.The food, the ambiance with the soft, live string jazz, the flawless service.. everything was so amazing that I came back for dinner a couple days later.
5	Dinner - green Thai curry - divine!!
5	My wife and I were on the fence about doing any restaurant week spots since most of the menus weren't outstanding but I am sure glad we came here!  Mozen was one of those place I've had bookmarked forever, mainly for their brunch but $30 for lunch seems very reasonable for such a high rated spot.The service was top notch from the get go.  They were very knowledgeable about everything on the menu and even though we almost went a la carte, our waiter urged us to go with the RE menu since "it's the best of what we offer".  Who wants to pay more than $15 for Indian curry anyways? :)The Benito box offered a variety of diverse flavors.  It was almost like a mini tour of Asia!  The box had chicken tandoori in a mahkani sauce, California rolls (with real crab), garlic naan, miso mustard sliced steak and the matcha tiramisu being the perfect ending for it all.  My favorite was the salmon crudo tartare.  The freshness of the salmon combined with the nice spicy kick it had was fantastic.  I tried to buy another can of this as it would've been just perfect being mixed with a bowl of rice but alas...The waiter said he mentioned to the chef that they should offer this combination lunch daily and apparently he scoffed at the idea.  Perhaps too many dishes to deal with all the time?  It would rival Estiatorio Milos for best lunch on the strip if they did.  We also had a terrific view of Citycenter during the meal.  I had no idea that many guys wore fluorescent tank tops on a Wednesday afternoon.
5	I always visit mozen for brunch for the first time I went there for dinner OMG the best sushi in Las Vegas! There sashimi is so fresh and sweet..... UNI is must have at mozen!
5	Spring Restaurant Week 2013I absolutely adore this place. I wish I had more reasons to visit the Mandarin Oriental just so I can eat here more often. When my girlfriends suggested we try lunch here for Restaurant Week, I was excited. Mozen definitely lived up to all its great reviews!For this week, our lunch was served very elegantly in these bento boxes:Murgh MakhaniGarlic NaanSalmon CrudoMiso Mustard New York AngusCalifornia RollMatcha TiramisuWe also ordered ala carte off their regular menu:Wasabi PrawnsThai Green CurryThe Salmon Crudo was served like a tartar and it was amazing. It melted in your mouth. My girlfriends ate the steak and said it was deliciously tender. We all devoured the wasabi prawns and green curry. Those were the highlights, but everything was tasty and yummlicious!The service is what you'd expect from a place like Mozen. Our server was very friendly and helpful, even when we took a while selecting our ala carte dishes. The staff came by regularly to refill and pour our green tea. At the end of our meal, they brought out a small complimentary dessert, Raspberry Coulis, which was very nice. I can't wait to try more items on their menu. If you're looking to have a great elegant lunch with amazing Asian-influenced food, plus sit in a nice cafe with a nice view, this is your place.FYI: They also provide a great gluten-free, vegan, and lightfare menu.
1	Ate twice at Mozen Bistro for breakfast while staying at the Mandarin. Unfortunately, I am forced to give this place a 1 star rating.After waiting what seemed like an eternity to be served (greater than 45 minutes), I found a LONG black hair entwined in my Huevos Rancheros. It was beyond disgusting! I have no idea how they didn't see it in there. The eggs were literally stuck to and hanging off the hair when I lifted my fork. I was absolutely starving and was nearly about to cry at the sight of the hair. When I reported it to our waiter, he apologized and took the plate. While they were preparing a new order, I had to pick off of everyone else's plate because I was so hungry. I grudgingly ate the newly prepared huevos, and only because I was still hungry... otherwise I would have bailed on the whole situation.This definitely isn't the first hair that I've found in food, but it's pretty disturbing when you find one at a place that charges $12 for a bowl of Cheerios. Mozen is expensive and exclusive. It should be held to a higher standard than iHop when it comes to quality control. Why the 1 star? * Hair in food. Probably enough said.* For an insanely overpriced restaurant in an exclusive hotel, I felt that the hair warranted an apology from the restaurant manager or someone in charge. When you make a mistake of this magnitude, it deserves a sincere apology.* They only comped my huevos rancheros on the bill. I felt that was kind of chintzy.What could have earned a 3 star?* An apology from management* A more generous compensation than just simply replacing the hair-laden dish with a new one and not charging for it. I probably think the whole bill should have been comped since it was only breakfast and not like a $400 dinner bill. And I was a guest at the hotel.
5	What a wonderful dining experience we had at Mozen Bistro. If you enjoy Asian Cuisine, then you will enjoy this place. Mozen Bistro is located in City Center at Mandarin Oriental Hotel. The restaurant has a very nice ambiance, warm and inviting with a gorgeous view of the City Center. The service was personable and attentive, which absolutely completed our dining experience. The menu consists of tapas style or entrees.... and features Asian Cuisine from Hong Kong & Singapore, Thailand, Japan and India. Our group of 4 decided to do tapas style and share... the portions are on a smaller side, but are perfect for sharing for 2-4 persons. We ordered couple of items from each region and enjoyed every single dish. Sashimi was absolutely amazing too! The food came out in a strategic order to make the dining experience smooth and enjoyable. To top off our lovely dinner at Mozen Bistro, we received a complimentary ride in a beautiful Mercedes to our next adventure on The Strip. *compliments of Mandarin Oriental*
5	Such a lovely restaurant with peaceful ambiance and well made meals.  I had 2 separate meals here (breakfast and dinner), and enjoy each thoroughly.  Service was superb.  The meal was cooked perfectly and the presentation on the plate was outstanding.  I would highly recommend the Mandarian Oriental and this restaurant to friends visiting Las Vegas.
5	The. best. brunch. EVER! (Sundays only)If I could dream up a perfect buffet, this would be it - fresh sashimi sliced to order, a few different sushi rolls, snow crab claws prepped and ready to eat, oysters, a couple dim sum dishes, soups (I didn't have room to partake but there were 3 types of noodles and good-looking toppings), salad bar, an entree made to order, and fresh fruit/desserts. Of note, there isn't a HUGE variety compared to your run of the mill Vegas buffets but the quality is much higher.Absolutely everything I put in my mouth was delicious. What really stood out were the entrees - steak with a homemade mustard for hubby, scallops with artichokes and other veggies for me. The chef is really great with subtle twists and spices added to the food. Fine dining within a buffet - awesome!They had a large variety of fruit, traditional to more exotic starfruit and fresh lychees. The other desserts were presented as gorgeous little bites, so it's easy to try multiples without wasting. All were good. Another plus, you can order a coffee drink (latte, macchiato, whatever) to go with dessert. Very nice perk, in my opinion.Next time I go to Vegas I'm going to make sure I can make it Sunday brunch at Mozen!
5	Incredible Sunday Buffet.  Everything is very fresh. We ate for three hours.
5	Had Sunday Jazz Brunch to celebrate our eldest son's graduation with my family. When we arrived at Mozen Bistro, the receptionist met, greeted us and asked if we had a reservation. Informed her that our reservation was at 1pm, although we came ahead of time, we were ushered and seated. The restaurant was almost full to capacity by then. The restaurant's ambiance is the unhurried, cosmopolitan setting- and set up for an intimate crowd. Had 2 live jazz artist playing in a prominent corner of the scene.The waiters were all courteous and explained to us how the buffet concept worked with a selection of a main entree from their menu. Three of us ordered the Angus Beef Steak and an order of scallop, and one HongKong steamed grouper. All these dishes was superb and were appealing and tasty. Truly a gastronomic delight, aside from the side dishes from the buffet- a wide array of salads. Antipastos, sushi, a fresh selection of crab claws, jumbo shrimp cocktails, kumomoto oysters.On the one end there's prime rib perfectly carved to your liking, a pork siomai (Dim Sum) and steamed pork bun station- these are so yummy and delicious that it got a melt in your mouth feel.We also tried a helping of soba from their ramen or noodles station- it's so appetizing and good.Our waitress, Kristy  always make it a point to stop by and ask how we are doing, dishes out and continuously check what we might need, she is a very friendly, hospitable and gracious server who deserves this commendation for excellent service from start to finish,Our over all rating, is you get the worth for your money and this is the best Sunday jazz brunch that we ever experienced. Definitely worthy of recommendation to our friends and family.You'll never get this expectation, as a local, it was beyond comparison. Phenomenal  food quality yet the best personalized service in Las Vegas, that you can seldom get from this fast paced city.Mozen Bistro is the place to be.
5	Excellent. Service was top notch. Food was tasty and delicious. Went with the Bento Expressions - Murgh Makhani was just as good as promised (server called it "heaven on a plate"), garlic naan, steamed grouper (wasn't so into this when i ordered the bento box but it turned out to be amazing), bulgogi was sweet and nicely spiced. Their chefs come from each country represented on the menu and it shows. Bravo MoZen, bravo. Vegas win.
5	The Bento box, any fish dish, Mandarin Breakfast and the Blueberry pancakes are delicious! I love this place and the service is awesome.
5	Excellent breakfast and wonderful staff.  Have eaten here all week and gave had all great breakdasts.
5	Really the best brunch I've had. Service was flawless. Food was fantastic. Nothing bad to say at all.
3	We tried Sunday brunch here, which is pretty pricey so come hungry. You order your main entree first, which are dishes based on various cuisines all over the world, then head to the buffet tables. There's an assortment of fancy salads and grilled vegetables, but also oysters, crab legs, and sushi. I liked the ceviche and the unagi in particular. They also have a section where a chef will make you a bowl of Asian noodles (think egg noodle, clear broth, Chinese chashu pork), and some other Asian dimsum dishes (think steamed buns). I thought the noodles were a little bland. So one issue with this format of AYCE is that it is hard for both the server and the diner to transition to the main entree. The server has to wait for the diner to stop eating, and the diner wants to keep eating the oysters and crab legs! Because of this, I was pretty much 80% full by the time the main entrees came. I had an Indian curry, naan, lentils, and rice that was great, and the BF had a skirt steak with garlic and mushrooms. The letdown was that both dishes were plates I could get from any Indian and American restaurant. In fact, I've had better curry and steak elsewhere. To me, this is a fallback of trying to emulate various cuisines worldwide; there's always someone else out there who's done it better.For dessert, there was an assortment of amazing, decadent desserts. Think truffles, macarons, panna cottas, etc. There is also a variety of fresh fruits. I would have liked to see some ice cream as well. The coffee was nothing too special.It was a good experience but I didn't walk away impressed. I'm glad I tried it, but I probably won't come back.
5	This review is of the Sunday brunch they offer, I believe beginning at 11 or noon (there have been a few times we have shown up early and found out they are still only serving breakfast). I have been quite a few times, most recently yesterday (6/9/13). The concept is basically an all-you-can eat buffet area, then you order one entree at your table, and then visit a dessert buffet.I think it's one of the best and most interesting brunches in town because of the variety of foods they offer. There is a sushi bar with fresh sashimi and several prepared sushi rolls. I will say that the quality of sashimi can vary - some weekends they only have yellowtail and tuna, other weekends they have a larger variety and the sushi chef makes a fantastic spicy tako (octopus) that you should definitely request!There is also a large raw bar with all-you-can-eat oysters, some cured meats, a great cheese selection (and they recently added candied pecans with the cheese, which is awesome), some salads that differ every weekend but always include fresh mozzarella, and a somewhat recent addition - a soup and dim sum bar. Not a huge selection, but what they have is great!! Then the fruit area has every kind of fresh fruit imaginable.After the buffet, you order one entree to your table. I used to always order the chicken makhani or paneer makhani since I love Indian food. They do a great job with it! Their nan is fresh and very fluffy, and it always comes with a really yummy and interesting bean sauce on the side. I found that I got too full on all of the other items to eat a full Indian entree afterward, so I recently switched to the Belgian waffle once they added it to the menu. It comes with a REALLY good pecan cream. I've also tried the steak (really good), a ravioli dish that they have since removed (one of the tastiest things they offered), and some of the fish dishes (we were never impressed by those).Dessert bar is good with a huge selection, but I'm always too full to enjoy it much! It changes constantly. Service is fantastic, they are SO attentive that on our first few visits we actually found it to be a bit too much - but it is wonderful because if you go a lot, they remember you and bring out your drinks without having to ask, the sushi chef prepared the things he knows we like, etc. I love it when they make such an effort to get to know the customers. Absolutely love this place, recommend it really highly, and will definitely keep coming back.
5	My husband and I dined here for Brunch on Sunday.  The food was amazing on every level.  The fish is flown in daily for sushi/sashimi and you can really taste the quality.  I had the Indian Curry and my husband had the scallops as our entree choices.  The scallops were very good, but I thought my curry was outstanding.  The service is also impeccable.  Alex and Martin did a wonderful job taking care of us.  We were so impressed that we hope to stay at the hotel on our next visit.
5	I had my best meal of the entire year here. Mozen is an excellent restaurant, and a very cool concept: the menu allows you to pick from a number of different regional Asian cuisines (Indian, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, etc), and if you are having trouble deciding... just try several! I would definitely suggest the "bento" meal for dinner. Kind of like tapas meets the far-east. We picked three dishes a person and left happy and full. The service was just as good as the food: incredibly friendly, helpful, and personal - which was important because Mozen has a menu that helps to be guided through. Cocktails also were amazing... although when you are paying $18 for a martini it had better be tasty.  If you are looking to be wow-ed, Mozen will definitely do it. The only drawback is that it is quite pricey, making it inaccessible to the average customer (certainly myself) as a place to go more than just once in a great while - So hope you did well on those card tables! The setting and ambiance of the restaurant gives it a very off the strip feel - very laid back, relaxed and a good contrast to the craziness just a few
5	After arriving in Las Vegas to celebrate my grandmother's 90th birthday, we realized that none of us had made dinner arrangements.  i called the front desk at the Mandarin and asked whether MOzen could accommodate us.  An hour and a half later, we were seated in their beautiful dining room - 10 adults, 2 teenagers, and 3 kids under 10.  Without exception, we all thoroughly enjoyed the food which was fresh, flavorful, and innovative.  The sushi and sashimi were nicer than that served at my favorite (very good) restaurant at home.  The desserts were also exceptional, although portions were slightly small (don't share; get your own).  The prices were reasonable given the quality of the food and service when compared to the SF bay area.
2	This is a review for Breakfast.  I did give this place a few shots before I write this review but it has not been improved during my visit.First time I tried Breakfast Bento and Steak & Eggs. Tragic.  Even neighborhood diner did it better.  The Bento itself was horrible displayed.  They did not even place the rice to be presentable for the price that they charge.  Salmon was undercooked and those so called "Hand-selected fruits" were hard as rock and tasteless. Onsen egg was broken at the time of serving too.Steak was dry and tasteless.  I was rather surprised they could not even get the simple scramble egg right. I had better breakfast eggs on airplane than here.During my other visit, I tried Mandarin Breakfast which consists of egg white omelet, same tasteless fruits and the best part to my breakfast was their butter!Asked for juice refill.  "Sorry we ran out (at 1030am?).  Forgot my tea order and the table was dirty (hair attached on the table, guess they didn't mop it well?) (See Picture).Service from servers were spotty but the service manager seemed like a nice guy but I would certainly avoid coming here for breakfast as the food and service were not up to my expectations.
5	Mozen Bistro is much much more than Japanese food or Japanese fusion. They've got an amazing menu of different types of asian cuisine - Japanese, Korean, Indian, Thai...Coming here was a very welcoming break from the burger-fare that is ubiquitous on the vegas strip. Its not cheap (we spent about $45 per person all-in), but if you're looking for quality food this is the place to be. The atmosphere is so zen & calming that you can even forget for a short while that you are in vegas.We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here and will be back often.
5	Best Sunday brunch ever. Defiantly worth the experience.I came here for their Sunday brunch with my family to celebrate my brother's master's degree.  I was highly impressed with the service. Its a very quaint and lavished buffet set up. They have a section of fresh fruits (from typical pineapples and strawberries to exotic dragon fruit and star fruit) and yogurt, a dim sum section, a seafood section (like shrimp and oysters), antipasto, desserts (French macrons and amazing almond cookies) and so much more. Everything tasted so delicious. The dumplings were authentic and the desserts just took me to Cloud 9. The food was just truly impeccable. The ambiance was very contemporary and classy. There was a live jazz band that played modern tunes are it was very melodious. I don't know where to begin with how awesome the wait staff was. Everyone from the maitre'd to the busser gave us exceptional service. I wish I could remember the name of our waitress (I'm writing this months post experience) but she was truly  outstanding.She always smiled and made sure everything was to our liking. You haven't had a true Sunday bruch until you had it at Mozen Bistro.
4	We had the Asian bento, a sampling of Thai, Indian, Korean and Japanese dishes.  Each dish was great on its own but the combination didn't quite work for me.  The service was excellent and the prices very reasonable ($50 pp) considering it was the Mandarin Oriental hotel
4	Great food!  Very diverse menu!
4	A friend of mine and I enjoyed breakfast here a few months ago.  The restaurant is bright and airy, the service is good and the food was good too.  We enjoyed omelettes with fruit and hot tea.
5	Restaurant Week Meal #2 (Lunch for $30.13):You get a bento box with Angus Striploin, Laab Gai, Salmon, Naan, Soft Shell Crab and Ginger Panna Cotta. The presentation was superb (to be expected from  a Mandarin Oriental restaurant).  We had a view of City Center/ Crystals. Great service.Miso Mustard Angus Striploin:Tender pieces of beef with a thin layer of fat cooked medium-rare on miso mustard. Delicious! 5/5Laab Gai:Thai chicken lettuce wrap. It has hints of mint, cilantro and citrus. My least favorite part of the meal. 3/5 Tandoori Salmon and Naan with Truffle Butter:Salmon tandoori with mint sauce perfectly eaten with naan.  The truffle butter on the naan was not so pronounced. But the salmon was very tasty and cooked perfectly. 5/5Soft Shell Crab Hand Roll:Lightly breaded and fried soft Shell crab with avocado, cucumber and masago.  They're very generous with the masago.  5/5Ginger Panna Cotta:A 1" x 1" x 1" cube of rich and creamy vanilla panna cotta topped with edible flowers and ginger jelly on the side.  4/5Their regular menu includes sushi, sashimi, bulgogi, and other Asian dishes.
3	Dinner review....Mozen is located in the Mandarin Oriental Hotel.   Service is friendly and attentive.  You would think it would be all fancy shmancy but as soon as we walked in and saw some people chilling there in their t shirts in jeans, realized it was pretty casual.  But we didn't feel awkward being all dressed up.I thought the concept of the menu was cool.  Basically you choose from a selection of Japan/Korea, Indian, Singapore/Hong Kong and Thai cuisine.  The plates are tapas style and meant for sharing so they recommend 3 to 4 per person.  Or you may choose from two "Bento Delight" selections for 48 bucks, which is basically their prix fix combos.We didn't go with the Bento and ordered the garlic and cheese naan, mustard chicken tikka, yum ma muang, char siew pork & siew yoke, sashimi and we were both pretty stuffed.  Dishes were good except the char siew pork and siew yoke, didn't care for that one.  The sashimi was excellent.Overall, it was good but nothing wow especially for the price, 10-12 bucks per plate.  Kinda silly to pay 12 bucks for naan but at least it was good and hey it's vegas.  So if you are in the area and looking for something different to try, Mozen is A-Ok!
4	I have never been offered a napkin to match my outfit before, and I am flattered.  The best food here was all the Indian and the Tom Yum.  The Japanese plates were nothing special.  Great service and overall fun meal.
4	Was staying at Mandarin and came here for breakfast. Really enjoyed it. I had the continental breakfast, which consisted of pastries, fruit, yogurt, juice, and tea or coffee. It was more than enough to fill you up. The pastries were delicious and the homemade yogurt was incredible with the fruit. I had tea with honey and lemon, fantastic. The service was friendly but our server did lag at times. Overall, good place for breakfast and you don't have to leave the hotel.
5	Excellent Restaurant Week lunch!I initially thought it was a multi-course meal, but it is in fact a BENTO BOX style setup.  Beautiful presentation...seriously, almost like a work of art!  It wowed me when they dropped it in front of me to eat :PLots of goodies inside...let's go!Started with the Naan with Truffle Butter. You could definitely smell the truffle once it hit the table, but the taste was fairly mild. Still good though!  It was callin my name!Tandoori Salmon was next.  So much flavor in each bite...this is how Indian curry should be! Loved every bite!  Out of all the plates, THIS was my favorite by far!  Seriously, if I come back here again, I will probably order a full size of this bad boy!Miso Mustard Angus Striploin, tender and flavorful beef. The miso sauce was great...I soaked it all up with the meats!  YumLaab Gai : Sweet and Sour Ground Chicken Salad with Roasted Rice, Dried Chili Powder and Mint. This was very light and refreshing with the mint and lettuce wrap.  Tasty :)Soft Shell Crab Hand Roll. Probably the only dish I didn't love, but it was still good.And to finish, Ginger Panna Cotta. This was good, with a nice hint of ginger.Looks like it is a little spendy here, but if you are droppin the coin, be ready to receive great food, excellent plating, and friendly service :)Make sure you drop off some Tandoori for me on the way out!Pics!!  :
3	I was staying at the Mandarin, and so I ate breakfast here everyday. For the most part, my breakfasts were quite good, and I really liked the selection of egg dishes. Everything was fresh and very tasty. Service....again quite lacking. I say again, because Twist in the same hotel has issues with service as well. Two out of three mornings, we waited a good 10 minutes at our table before coffee arrived. Understaffed? Learning. training? Perhaps. Second morning, our order was completely messed up to the point where I cannot even explain it. We got up and left, notifying the hostess, our breakfast is included with our room and we are tired of waiting for MORE coffee and the bill...we are going. OF course, they credited our breakfast, and we used the credit at the pool. I hope they can get their act together, it is a really nice place and has so much potential.
5	If u like all u can eat quality sashimi, crab claws, oysters, soup noodles, shrimp and more, this is the place. It was very quiet and elegant place with great service. Little pricey but worth it if you like seafood. You also get to order one entree each which was really good. This place is all about quality and freshness.
5	Ah-mazing! My only complaint is that my boyfriend and I were running late to see a show so we had to rush though dinner a bit. The food was absolutely wonderful. We ordered both of the bento boxes which really is a little bit of everything off the menu so I would recommend doing that. The green curry with shrimp was one of the most delicious things I've ever tasted.  After we finished the shrimp I was eating the sauce like a soup.  Sooo good. The dim sum was particularly good as well.  As I mentioned before we were in a rush so we didn't order dessert but if their dessert is anything like their dinner I'm sure you are in for a treat. Highly recommended!
5	Best brunch EVER!  Went to their Sunday brunch with my girlfriend.  I love the Mandarin and MOzen is the icing on the cake!  The sashimi was so fresh - tuna, salmon and yellowtail!  The crab claws and shrimp were sweet and delicious.  And the oysters!!!!!  My entree was the skirt steak that was grilled to perfection.  The meaty mushroom and sauce was perfect with each bite of steak!  I was too full but forced myself to just "look" at the dessert table.  The pastry chef is a genius!  I know, I tried it ALL!  The service is the BEST - so friendly.  Beware - Cats, Sushi Chef Extraordinaire, lives to tease!   The brunch is pricey, my waistline and my wallet cannot afford to make it a regular stop.  But if you are on vacation or want to treat yourself to an awesome meal, this is your place!
3	Went there Friday night. I ordered the grouper. the fish had good flavor, however it had bones in it. The server did not apologize and said bones in fish is expected. Would not go back.
5	My spouse and I wanted a really nice dinner for our last night in Vegas.  MoZen, mission accomplished.  The service was excellent.  The flavors amazing.  We had the Marinated Salmon with cucumber foam Amuse-Bouche to start.  Then we had Five Spice Pork Belly, Masala Uttapam, Tandoori Salmon and North Indian Lamb Curry.All were perfectly prepared and presented as one would expect in a high end restaurant.  The service was attentive without being overbearing.  A great evening.  We will be back.Thank you.
4	This review is for the lunch and for the Sunday buffet. Both are over-priced but we did not mind during the lunch when we had a more laid-back meal. The buffet food varied from good to great and for the price it should have all been perfect. For lunch I had the bento box and my wife had the turkey club. All of the servers were courteous and professional.
5	Service, employees and the food! Everything was great! I ordered noodle soup (had the worst hangover ever))) so it saved me ;)And a fresh carrot juice was very good too.The waiters are very caring and very friendly.
4	Great service!  Great food!  Steak was a tiny overdone but I asked for it Pittsburged, which isn't easy to do, so I'll give them grace:)  View was good, but not super.  Wife had an Indian dish that she couldn't stop talking about!  EAT HERE!
5	this is my favorite b'fast on the strip.  nice view - great food.  Martin the manager was really outstanding  -  went way out of his way to accommodate me today.
2	My wife and I were really looking forward to trying out this restaurant and yesterday we were severely disappointed.We came Friday around 130PM for lunch.  Got seated no problem, great.  Staff were very courteous and that was in line with a 5 star hotel.The wait was terrible.  They were not understaffed as there were always servers available, but our server came around about once every fifteen minutes.  From the time we sat down to our first bite took about 30 minutes.The food was average and overpriced for what we received.  It tasted fine but not much better than our usual nice restaurants, but at 50% the price premium.  The juice my wife ordered was the deal breaker.  9 dollars for a glass of watered down orange juice, and it was super sour (you'd think a 5 star hotel's restaurant would pick out nicer oranges.)All in all, maybe the Sunday brunch would have been better.  But I would not visit again based on the service and value at this restaurant.
4	If you are staying at MOLV and getting breakfast I suggest filling out the card they provide in your room and putting it on the door. You can choose what window of time between 6 am-11am in 15 minute increments they arrive. I say this because we ate breakfast twice at Mozen and while fine and reflective of the level of service you would expect from a Mandarin Oriental location I just found it took too long.
4	Review for brunch only...Ate here for brunch on Thanksgiving with Justin B and really liked it here at MOzen. the restaurant is on the 3rd floor at the Mandarin Oriental and we were seated at a table with a window view of the Aria pedestrian bridge which made it fun to people watch while eating haha. So this is a brunch buffet but you also get a served entree as part of the meal as well for $69 (i think this was a special holiday pricing) - yes this is a bit pricey for brunch but its not that much more than your normal brunch buffets at the major hotels and i thought the quality of the food was very high. plus another $19 for unlimited mimosas ;) definitely a splurge for brunch but we're on vacation so why not hahafor the buffet, i was impressed with the selection. seafood consisted of oysters, crab claws, shrimp cocktail, some nigri and rolls, and smoked salmon. also had a station for salads and i particularly enjoyed a pesto pasta salad. and there's also some fruit, oatmeal, granola but who needs that at at buffet haha. there was a carving station as well complete with turkey, stuffing, ham, prime rib and roasted veggies. my favorite was a noodle station where i was able to get won ton soup. it was hard not to get really full from this buffet selection before my actual entree haha. then when you're ready, you can tell your server to fire up your entree and i went with the scallops since i didnt want anything too heavy. the dish comes with 2 scallops and they were really good! very moist and flavorful and served with some veggies. oh and the desserts! so amazing - caramel macarons, creme brulee, chocolate mouuse and much more. it was hard to stop hahaoverall i really enjoyed my brunch experience here! the buffet is small enough where you're not overwhelmed with a million food choices and a million people waiting in line for food. didnt have to deal with any big crowds and since they take reservations, we got seated right away instead of waiting for hours to eat haha. plus since its a smaller scale buffet, i felt the quality and freshness of ingredients was better than most buffets. added bonus was that they actually make the mimosas for you when you need a refill rather than at some buffets i've seen them pre-made and just sitting in a pitcher ready to pour and serve.
5	Came with friends from out of town. Great feel to the room - super relaxing... Great food smaller selection but the quality is very high ... Perfect for special occasions.
3	I was pretty disappointed because I was looking for good quality Japanese cuisine, and was willing to pay more for it. What I got was pretty standard Japanese food, and fusion if you love fusion, at really steep prices.Imho, I should have gone to other Japanese food places nearby and enjoy a better selection at lower prices.You pay for the service, which is pretty good - i got served fast and well and the staff was what you expect from a luxury restaurant. But, other than that, the food is either on-par or less good than cheaper establishments.It may be a bit of a mistake on my part though, I shouldn't have gone looking for Japanese cuisine in the hotels.
4	Intimate setting. Really friendly service. Had two different Nigiri and the scallop starter - reallly fresh! Soy sauce on the sushi seemed a little blasphemous so we kept it simple. Thai fried snapper and Mhurg Indian dish for dinner, both excellent and beautifully presented. It's a little pricey but the entrees were huge portions. Nice cocktails. Went up to the Oriental lounge on the 23rd floor after dinner to check out the AMAZING view of the whole strip and their unique cocktail menu (you pay for the view... ~$18 per drink ... But it's worth doing at least once). Overall great "date night" place. Both locations take reservations (request window seat at both locations for beautiful views).
4	We stopped into the Mozen before a show on a very quiet Friday night. To be fair, this restaurant probably starts hopping around 7:00 and I realize that high time for dining in Vegas  isn't really 5:30, but no matter. We had the restaurant pretty much to ourselves and that was just fine with us.The ambiance of Mozen is very nice. It's a great setting and has a partial view of the strip with floor-to-ceiling windows. Wait staff was very nice and attentive and our waiter took the time to explain the different entrees to us and make suggestions. I can't speak to whether or not the service suffers as the night wears on, but we were very well taken care of as there were only 2 other patrons to look after.The food itself was fabulous for just about everyone but me--and very generous portions which was a surprise for such an upscale establishment in Vegas. Our friends ordered a spicy green curry and pad thai. I ordered some sushi and my partner opted for an Indian curry. Everyone loved their meals! I can attest that their food was superb. I'm typically not a fan of Indian food, but Mozen's Indian food made me a convert. Excellent flavors, rich, creamy, and too much to finish even though the food was fabulous. The reason for the 4 star review, however, was my sushi. It was just... lacking. Everything tasted fresh, but the temperature of the rice and the fish was almost warm and therefore, kind of droopy. It certainly wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good either. But if one "meh" dish is the lowlight of an otherwise fantastic meal, then I'd say you're doing pretty well.Overall, Mozen was a great place to eat and I'd go back again. Perhaps next time, I'll stick with the Indian menu.
4	I love the view and design of Twist on the 27th floor of the Mandarin Oriental, but the menu at Mozen was a little less pricey. I was also impressed with the architecture and decor of Mozen. The ambiance was as relaxing as the rest of the hotel, and I still had a nice view of the City Center buildings from my window seat. The service was fast and consistent. Several waiters and bussers were constantly asking me and me if I needed assistance. I was offered a delicious complimentary spicy salmon sashimi dish. My Thai Green Curry with Prawns was the best I've had outside of Southeast Asia. The best part of the meal was the spicy fish sauce that was offered on the side. It was very spicy and salty (the way I like it) and complemented the jasmine rice and curry sauce perfectly. I dined with my girlfriend for just under $100 with drinks and an appetizer. It's hard to find such a nice combination of beautiful scenery and excellent food for that price tag in Sin City.
5	I had a wonderful meal here. The food, service, and presentation were all top notch. Next time I am in Vegas I will go here again for sure!
3	I had such high hopes after reading all the reviews. This review is for their weekend brunchFor the price, 69 dollars on New Years Day, I would have rather forked out 20 dollars ~ more for Sterling or 30-35 less and go to the Wynn or Bellagio.There really wasn't any breakfast options. No omelettes, simple eggs, bacon and I expect some from a brunch concept. I get it's an Asian inspired but even Jasmine has much more offerings.  They had a waffle option from the entree but since each guest selects a premium entree along with the buffet, we went with the scallops and Hong Kong style steamed grouper.  The grouper was a filet and lacked flavor.  If you're used to traditional steam fish you'll be disappointed. The scallops were average- delicate but under seasoned. The best entrees of the brunch was the sashimi.  They had three varieties with salmon, yellowtail, and tuna.  They slice it to order which is nice and the quality is good but given this is Mozen and not your everyday Vegas ayce sushi joint, how bout some mirugai, salmon belly, conch, or something other than abc sushi? I'm not asking for o toro here.  Other than the 3 sashimi items, there was unagi worse than makinos and some abc spicy tuna rolls. The desserts were the best part of the brunch hands down but I can't imagine they made them all. If they do all praise.I was disappointed overall with their brunch buffet. It wasn't in line with what was presented online - much more paired down with very little breakfast options other than some continental croissants and muffins.The noodle soup station was alright and the carved ham, roast beef and chicken was no better than a 25 dollar brunch buffet u can get elsewhere.  Service was decent at best- our waiter was nice but extremely busy and didn't have much help. I'm not a snob but for what we paid we expect either better food or service to compensate.For 69 dollars you can do much much better.  All the other reviews are good so maybe I'll come back for their bento dinner deal but I won't be back for brunch.3 stars since I ate prob 60 dollars of sashimi and great desserts- the rest sucked.
3	We visited Mozen for their New Years Day champagne brunch.  For $69 the spread was a bit thin.  They offered a choice of main entree, which I opted for the big, buttery diver sea scallops.  In addition to the entree there was a small buffet for grazing.  The choices were good, but quite slim in comparison to the brunch pricing.  Choices included ginger soy noodles, shellfish, charcuterie selections, veggies, BBQ pork buns, shaomai, and best of all the sashimi.  The sashimi was most definitely the highlight of the meal. For an extra $35 they offered bottomless Perrier-Jouet, but they were out, so they substituted Veuve Clicquot.  It was a nice and logical substitution, but I like PJ better and that was part of the allure that motivated us to opt for the Mozen brunch. Service was a struggle.  I think our server must have been new because we had to ask for every drink refill and on occasion we had to ask multiple times.  It took 4 separate requests and an hour to get drawn butter for dipping the crab, which arrived 45 minutes later. For a little more, I would have preferred to go to the ridiculously over the freaking top champion of all Vegas brunch spots, Bally's Sterling Brunch, where we would have had 10x the choices of obnoxiously decadent food and  award worthy service.
4	This is a hidden gem in Las Vegas.Breakfast is very good, and everything on the menu is delicious.  Lunch is my favorite time to eat here.  (I don't do brunch anywhere, so can not comment.)  A great place if you want to escape the chaos that can sometimes be The Strip. The best Indian food in Las Vegas are some of the items on this varied lunchtime menu. (I think it's because the head chef is rumored to be Indian!)  A great change of pace for your palate.
3	Quiet and subdued spot for breakfast, although the vibe was hurry up and finish. Check arrived unbidden, plates removed at the earliest moment. They should invest in tea cozies to keep it hot for the second cup.
4	Food was pretty good but you pay quite a bit for it.  The pork belly appetizer was delicious as was the Indian chicken appetizer.   For entrees the clear winner was the fried snapper.  Very tasty plus nice heat.  The Indian chicken entree was above average and the sushi seemed fresh.  The steamed grouper was good but I'm sure a real Chinese restaurant could have prepared it better.  So overall a good selection of Asian foods that is served in tranquil Mandarin environment.We ate there on valentines day so service was as expected a bit slower and less attentive than I think it normallly would be.
2	Jazz brunch, complete with a guitarist and bass player. Served 12-2:30pm Sundays only. We made a reservation, not knowing how busy they would be, when we showed up, we were surprised to see not as many people as we anticipated being there. First thing when I was seated in the booth, I immediately noticed a cluster of white hairs and old dried skin flakes right next to me. I wanted to vomit. Grandma had not only left behind the free newspaper they offer, but she also left behind her DNA. The server was apologetic and cleaned it up, then offered me a black napkin in exchange for the white one on the table (bonus point, I had a black dress on). This is a non-traditional style brunch. Going over the menu selection, you can either choose between doing just the AYCE serve yourself brunch for $45, or you can do the AYCE, in addition to entrees (Hong Kong Style Grouper, Belgium Waffle with caramel pecan cream, some of the offerings) for $58. They have a ramen station, along with what they were calling dim sum, there were only two available, pork bun and shrimp shiu mai. A salad station with different offerings like, caprese, waldorf, mediterranean, pasta, etc. A small charcuterie and cheese board (my cheese was hard at the ends) as well as crab claws and what they were calling Kumamoto oysters (I don't think they were Kumamoto) and chilled shrimp, as well as some sushi rolls that were about grocery store quality. My favorite station happened to be the fruits. They had lambootan, dragonfruit and my favorite, passion fruit. Dessert station had mostly parfait type offerings, with some cake pops and one truffle and different creme puffs. In addition, they offer "free flowing" Veuve Clicquot for another $35 or mimosas for $19 (this is in addition to the cost of brunch).Service was less than stellar. I had to continually ask for refills on my coffee and water, she didn't come around often. I left disappointed. I've had way better brunches in town and at this price point, you can do better.
5	My husband, parents  and I were offered a Free appetizer and cocktail to this restaurant after our room wasn't ready for check-in at the Mandarin.  I had the Tempura shrimp roll and it was one of the best I've ever had!  Their cocktail menu is unique to the hotel and offers refreshing and lite options, using only fresh ingredients.  My Eastern Drop was sooo good
1	I went to Mozen on march 14th'14 , I was just checked out from the hotel and decided to try something from the hotel restaurant for lunch. When I just entered and the host who is the biggest turn down wasn't professional enough to handle guest in a correct way. the restaurant was empty and she looks like she wasn't liking her job ( Don't know why?! ) but at least she could do her duty to smile for guest and make them welcome which wasn't at all. So What I did after she let us wait and then deiceded to seat us for what ever place she want without asking if this table is good or not. So what we did, is we changed our minds and went to another restaurant way more better in service.The waitress who appeared to our table after we changed our mind is a great waitress, but the turn down to the host lady. Never again to this Bistro.
4	Excellent service, very fresh sushi, my wife had the uni in addition to the nigiri plate that had salmon, tuba, snapper, and yellowtail.
4	Just a quicky today!Easily got a window seat at 13:00 then perused the expansive menu which has everything from $17 burger to sashimi. We selected the bento box and the crab claws. Bento was great value with well executed dishes and a cracker miso. The crab claws were fresh and juicy but the sauce was just overpowering. The service was efficient and friendly.Food 7.5/10 service 7.5/10 decor 8/10
3	Really good, but very expensive. Not sure Indian food should be $25 a plate. Or sushi for $15. I guess it is Vegas.
1	This place is awful, definitely avoid at all costs.  The service is very good, the staff and people there are friendly and efficient, its what they serve and what they charge for it is what's borderline criminal and obscene.  Ordered the pork belly (a favorite) was nothing more then a cubed pork chop.  Foie gras over cooked, but the least horrible of all items ordered.  The sushi was all small portions, and off low quality, I'm in the seafood business and a sushi addict and recognized all pieces of fish as the "cheap stuff" usually reserved for sushi buffets in strip malls.  They charged more like Nobu in Malibu but was more like a sushi buffet in Nebraska.Overall, way overpriced, unexpectedly bad ambiance and decor for a Mandarin restaurant, and terrible food.
5	This place is an amazing mix of some of my favorite foods. Japanese and Indian! For 6 of us we ordered the following and it was more than enough food. The portions are generous. With wine and a drink the avg. person was around $50.Japanese bento box $38Pad ThaiChicken dum biryaniThai fried snapperMurgh makhaniHamachi $9Everything was super amazing. My favorite was the murgh makhani. The curry had an amazing flavor and the chicken was so tender. The Thai fried snapper with the chili sauce was great too. For more of a kick add more chili sauce. The hamachi was good, and the pad Thai. On the Japanese bento box, the Waygu beef was good, but I don't think it is worth getting for just that. This is definitely a place I would want to come back and eat here. The service here was really good, everyone was super nice!
4	Came here for breakfast with my family, we didn't make a reservation but they didn't seem to mind it.They had a continental buffet going and told us it was the last day, but I opted for the eggs benedict instead (as did my husband). My mother-in-law got the bagel and lox and I got the fruit parfait for my daughter to enjoy. The meal was good and it felt fancy in there, which was nice. It's conveniently located on the 3rd floor of the Mandarin Oriental so we can go in there at anytime. There's a pastry/coffee shop right next door for you to get pastries, baked goods, coffee and tea to go. The thing that upset me was that they didn't tell us that the tip was included and we ended up tipping an additional 18%, bringing our bill to $120 for breakfast! Eeek.
1	Only on hindsight would I admit that yes, perhaps the food was pretty good but the service was SO HORRIBLE that I would highly recommend anyone considering this place to try someplace else, especially in this city of so many very good restaurants.  We dined on a slow weeknight (only 3 other tables occupied) so there was no excuse for lack of attention from our waitress who we constantly had to seek out to (1) get a menu; (2) to order; (3) to order drinks; (4) to ask when our food would come -- after a 30 minute wait when she did not even come by to ask if we needed anything.  The whole evening went this way so that by the time the food did come we were too fed up to perhaps enjoy the food as it deserved.  We were very disappointed being that this is a Mandarin Oriental Hotel.  At the end we wondered if we should order dessert (or go to the yogurt shop we saw downstairs around the corner) and decided to give this place one last chance.  BIG MISTAKE.  Save yourself $$$ and a stressful evening.  So many other very good restaurants in town.  Yes, we'd been here previously and loved the food -- which is why we came back.  But after this one disaster, I would not come back again.  Why chance paying so much money on it happening again?
5	I came here for Sunday brunch today after hearing good reviews from friends. I was not disappointed at all! Each person can order one entree. I had steamed grouper fish which was very light and fresh. They also have Chinese ,salad section, sushi,seafood and dessert section. Everything from shumei to salmon sashimi was very yummy! They also have fresh squeeze carrot, watermelon and orange juice which makes the price even more worth it. I always love the customer service inside of Mandarin. Mozen bistro is not an exception either. 5 stars for their service.It's $58 per person. Even though it's bit pricy, the overall dining experience was very pleasant. I shall return soon!
2	I came here for my birthday dinner....good concept of Asian and Indian food.  Presentation and favors were good.  I would suggest the bento boxes because then you can try a little of everything.  Was told it was the best sushi in town....umm no....nothing special and over priced sushi.The service was horrible.  The lady who we had never stayed long enough to listen to us.   She had catered to a couple and a 6 top of men...maybe she thought she would make more tip or something I don't know but she hardly came around us unless we waved her down.  She wasn't very busy either, this restaurant is small. She asked if we were ready for dessert and we said yes.  We had asked for take out containers and she never listened and walked away.  Came back ten min later and we had to ask her for dessert menus and take out again!  Then another ten minutes and we finally get our dessert menu and food boxed up and we order one dessert.    The dessert was so puny.....cute concept on a push up pop but barely enough for us to share and she had not let us know.   We also ordered 2 bento boxes because we fig it was a nice way to try everything and she had not mentioned it was good for one person each not to share with 3 people.  Maybe she thought we were cheap or something so she didn't bother...but we pay for the service we get...so she got what she gave...don't judge your customers.   My birthday dinner wasn't great because of the bad service and I will not be coming back or suggest this place to friends.
2	Came here at 11:00 am on a Monday. Breakfast was okay, portions are small, average menu item is about 20-25 bucks. Overall just an okay place, wouldn't recommend anyone to visit. I would expect better from Mandarin Oriental. The worst part was the fruit bowl that came out, it was evident that the fruit was cut at least the day before as the edges of the fruits were drying out... Sad!
5	Gluten free waffles deserve an award.  I have celiacs and I haven't had a waffle in years.  Thank you for making my birthday breakfast amazing! Highly recommend this place!!!
5	Yummy! Breakfast was delicious, lunches were solid
3	a bit costly, but the food is pretty good and the convenience factor is high.we were starving when we finally got to the hotel, so we had a quick lunch here. the pesto grilled chicken sandwich with serrano ham and fontina cheese totally hit the spot. on 4th of July, I had to get the "classic American breakfast" which was nothing outrageous but it was filling. eggs, potatoes, breakfast meats, toast, fresh fruit, fresh juice. simple and just what I needed. service both times was excellent, warm and friendly. portions are modest.the coffee here is really great, and they have a small kiosk if you want to just order a quick coffee and pastry or fruit. as with most things in the Mandarin Oriental, you can charge it all to your room, which is wonderful.
3	Ordinary breakfast at very EXTRA-ordinary prices. Sure...its the mandarin oriental...the dining area is beautiful etc...but $28 for some eggs,sausage,toast and coffee?! outrageous!! Food was fine...can't mess up a waffle,eggs or cereal too much. Was looking for the WOW factor here and didn't find any. service was going through the motions..had to ask for coffee re-fills. Mimosa was tasty...very small...for $15. I honestly don't mind spending..if I'm going to get something special. If you are staying at the MO..they have complimentary coffee between 6-8 at a cart adjacent to the restaurant. perhaps lunch or dinner would have fared better.
3	First off, this place was hard to find because we weren't aware that it was actually located inside the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. It was our first time in Vegas unsupervised, so we kinda just wandered around towards whatever caught our attention. Anyways, we arrived after walking the strip for a while for lunch.  Service was amazing.  Greeted with a smile and super helpful.  We received the menu and some delicious jasmine tea to start.  After a short while, they brought out some bread with three spreads.  I really enjoyed the yogurt spread and my girl liked the pesto.  Then, it was time to order.  My lady had this green curry, which was super spicy and full of flavor.  It was served with rice.  She loved it. I had the cornish game hen which came with awesome mashed potatoes and gravy and bone marrow.  Good choice.  Very tasty.  The bill was pretty steep.  Around $75 including tip.  Overall, a pretty good place.  The atmosphere is nice and the window seats were pleasant to sit next to.  Personally, wouldn't be my first choice, but it was a good experience.
3	I came here to have brunch with 2 of my bridesmaids right after landing in Las Vegas. The hotel is very nice, clean, and very new. We decided to try out this place even though it looked expensive. We're in Las Vegas after all!! We ordered the spanish omelette, smoked salmon on a bagel and the Japanese bento breakfast. Everything was good and tasty; however, I thought the Japanese bento was a bit disappointing as it was the most expensive item ($38) and was highly recommended on yelp and by the waiter.The coffee was $7 dollars... But everything I mean everything in Las Vegas is inflated to outrageous prices. The decor and the service was outstanding. We came without reservations, but we were seated right away. Even though this place seems very upscale we did not feel too out of place wearing casual clothing. I did notice that the patrons were older, almost like business professionals. Overall no regrets with trying this place out, but most likely I will not be coming back next time when I'm in Las Vegas...
5	Fave place in the WORLD, exceptional food and service, CONSISTENTLYThe ambiance and decor is modern and stylish and the view is also nice (ask for a window table)Get the bento u won't regret it
5	Amazing restaurant , great menu and fantastic meals and prices , is one of a kind in Asian food...great Sushi..the location is great as it is at City Center and pretty much center of the strip , the service is great and serve with a lot of smiles...just remember is at Mandarin Oriental Hotel next to Aria on City Center.
4	This is a great place if you're craving a good hamburger.  It doesn't have to be beef you can have turkey, beef, or chicken.  Had the Dallas burger with blue cheese bacon topless without a bun on a bed of spring mix salad.  It was great.  Avoiding wheat so this is a great option.  Had sweet potato fries which were delicious.
5	Looking for the most delicious breakfast in Las Vegas?  Congratulations!  You've found it!!  The bento box is well worth the (quite reasonable) $38.  Perfect morsels that add up to quite a filling meal.  Have it; it's exquisite.The room is bright and airy, there's a great view of the strip (so much fun to watch the craziness of the strip from a calm, quiet, civilized restaurant).  We sat for quite a long time after our meal, chatting and people-watching, and the staff made us feel absolutely welcome to stay as long as we liked.  Just a lovely restaurant all around, and a perfect breakfast.
4	I have always been a fan of Mandarin Oriental restaurants, ranging from Cafe Causette to the Mandarin Bar and Grill in Hong Kong. My wonderful experience at Mozen Bistro was the highlight of my trip to Vegas, and definitely sparked my interest in other MO Vegas restaurants such as Twist. First of all, the food at MOzen was five out of five stars. The ingredients were fresh and the food was executed well. While the dishes might be made of simple ingredients, they were divine. My green apple juice was cold and refreshing, and was not watered down by ice. Unlike Vitrine in St. Regis SF and Verderah in Four Seasons LV, my fruit plate was fresh and was not dressed in strange syrup. On the other hand, according to my friend, the MOzen salmon scramble egg was soft and fluffy. She considered it as the best scramble egg she has ever had. The only letdown of the food was that the toasts were over-burnt, and as a result, tasted slightly bitter. Second of all, I would rate the service four out of five stars. The hostess was flexible and kindly let my friend and me change our reservation several times. At the same time, the waitress was very friendly and helpful. Acknowledging my allergies, she requested the chef to remove certain ingredients from my berry smoothie. The only mishap was that she initially informed me that the restaurant ran out of green apple juice, which led to my decision of ordering a smoothie instead. However, another waiter provided me the apple juice within 10 min, and my waitress kindly took it off my check. Third of all, different from other LV brunch places, MOzen is serene. There is neither long, crazy line nor loud noises. It is the perfect location for a quiet date or/and business meeting. I greatly enjoyed having brunch at MOzen, and look forward to having dinner there in the near future.
4	Go! Go! Go!We love the Mandarin staff so attentive, so willing to make adjustments to the menu. I tell so many friends to come here, I wish I could stop people on the street and tell them to get up there! They are higher priced but the service! The service!Vegetable soba noodle soup $20, my husband so enjoyed this. He also asked for bread - they brought him a bread basket with four different kinds of warm bread, he dipped it into the soy sauce (the bread was free).I had the cheese plate it does come with meat but I asked for double cheese no meat and they had no problem with that. Four kinda of cheese (doubled) we ended up taking some of it with us). For $24 I had $24 worth of cheese! Plus they have nugget, candied walnuts and a few pickles.Illy small coffee (7) and iced tea (7) - drink a lot. That is a tad over priced.Again, I am sad that some reviews say they had bad service, got sick, found the food to be poor quality? So surprised! Each time we come we love it!The decor is standard white table cloths, music overhead mixed (hardly noticed), the customers are dressed from tennis wear to linen dresses (one gentlemen did have on a business suit). You would be comfortable in nice jeans or shorts and golf shirts is it is Vegas.
4	Dined here for lunch for Restaurant Week 2014 and we all enjoyed our meals!Location - on the 3rd floor inside the Mandarin Oriental. It faces the shopping area of Crystals.Restaurant - clean but a bit small. Not as spacious as I thought it would be.Service - servers were friendly but not quite on top of their game.  We ordered cokes but they repeated back "diet coke" and we  corrected them.  However they still brought out a diet coke *yeesh* .. And for my sister's bento box, the rice container was completely empty.  They made up for it when they didn't charge us for the cokes.Food - lunch today was a bento box (see pictures) and it was very tasty and all for $30.14. A portion of it is going to a good cause (three square charity) which made it a worthwhile visit.
5	Good God! Just finished Sunday brunch here & I hate myself. Left my room hungry, came back an old pregnant lady. The food here is epic. For $58 per person, you order one entree and then you get to enjoy the buffet. I ordered pan seared scallops and Peter ordered the eggs benedict. While waiting for our entrees to arrive, we enjoyed top notch buffet food. Fresh giant shrimp, crab claws, oysters, delish sushi, seaweed salad and other nommy dishes. There isn't an insane number of items to choose from, but each item is quality. 2 plates each into the buffet, I asked Peter if they're going to bring us our entrees in a to go box! At last our entrees arrived, and they were decent size. I ate my 2 scallops with all the veggies. Peter gobbled up his eggs benedict. Lastly...we made our way to the dessert section of the buffet. Bomb.com! We each got 3 different items and tried all of them. Though we didn't get any alcoholic drinks, bottomless mimosas are an option for $19 per person. Bottomless champagne is also available for a little more. Regular non-alcoholic drinks are included with brunch.Best brunch! Totes worth it.
4	First time here and we ordered thw Bento Box and it was delicious. Place was great, service is excellent. Highly recommendable when youre in town.
5	Sushi was fresh. California roll had real blue crab in it not imitation. You get what you pay for. Pad Thai was delicious.  Nice quiet restaurant.
5	All I remember was that the service was exceptional and the food was amazeballs.Located on the 3rd floor of Mandarin Oriental, you can either self park at Aria or do the valet for Mandarin Oriental. Decided to hit up the the brunch for a birthday with friendsies. We got there on time (of course there had to be a reservation to be made). Sat down and was greeted promptly by our server. I asked for water and the watermelon juice. Yum!As part of their brunch, you get one entree. I decided to order the Makhani. BUT entree didn't come until later. Buffet food first!!!They have almost everything Asian you could think off. Sushi, noodles, BBQ pork, crab claws, oysters, you name it. They even have different types of meat and cheese for you non seafood eaters. LOL. They also have a salad and fruit bar (I didn't check it out cause I wasn't there to be healthy). The dessert bar was in the other room. Overall, 5/5 for everything.
1	This used to be my favorite place, I would get take out or eat in once a week.  The last few times have been bad and but the last time is my last time here.  The food was just awful, in fact, awful doesn't describe my meal,   The chicken seamed bund were at leaf 1/4" thick of of dough with a starchy glazing.  the wasabi pawns, had a coating that is indescribable, it didn't belong as a food group.  the timing off on all dishes, it is though a first year chef was in charge of the kitchen.  I used to love this place, very sad.
1	My sister took everyone here for my birthday brunch a few days ago.  It was an interesting experience; allow me to elaborate. The overall price was a real ball-pincher, I felt guilty knowing how much the bill was.I liked a hand-select few items and the "main course" wasn't all the staff had made them sound.  By the time we were through picking small bits of protein from the bar, which I didn't mind (ahi tuna sashimi and ahi poke).  I wasn't impressed with the sliced meat section, as I thought the pork could have been allot more tender.  The Chinese steamed pork buns were mediocre at best; sadly, I've had better at some local chinese buffets.  My Eggs Benedict (main course) was consumed after the buffet had been raided, so I was bordering on diabetic shutdown at that point.  I only had one large bite; it was no better than any other eggs benedict you could find at Bagel Cafe or Sunrise Cafe. We all ordered "free flowing" mimosas with blood orange juice as a result of the previous holiday buffet (Halloween); I've experienced better.  I personally would have gone for a tall glass of blood orange juice instead of the mimosas, the champagne was more towards the bitter/dry side, which wasn't my preference.  I was sadly let down by those small peeves; however, I still had a great time experiencing a food-coma with my family and wouldn't change a thing, but I wouldn't recommend this place to any family or friends.
4	Loved the Sunday brunch here (12-230 pm) which is on the third floor of Mandarin Oriental. Yes it is a bit pricier than the other brunch places on the strip, but the overall experience is much more glamorous. I believe the price was $46 for the brunch, and $58 if you got an entree too, but you don't have to and none of us did and were plenty stuffed. First off the ambience is serene with hints of elegance. A live musician plays orchestral music. It's not as large or crowded as the bigger buffets so you don't deal with mobs around you. At first glance the food counters seemed small and pale in comparison to the larger buffets, but the variety is actually quite substantial and everything is clearly of higher quality and more delicately plated. The salads were unique and had great flavor combinations. I loved the mango shrimp salad, and the caprese salad was also very good. The seafood here is so fresh and faaar superior to those at the larger buffets. We ate plates and plates of the lobster, crab, and shrimp. The sushi was alright, but definitely also ask the chef to prepare you some fresh sashimi! The sashimi cuts were amazing.Their dessert station was enticing and beckoning me the entire meal. I had like 6 of them and loved the coffee creme brulee. The only complaint I have is that drink situation was confusing. Not all drinks are included. For example, OJ is included, but fresh OJ is extra. Employees had different answers to if the coffee was included.
4	Pro: Good ambience, food was tasty, you can get food from 5 countries ( Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai and Indian) Con: An extra bowl of rice was $6, for the price the food was good but nothing special, sake choices were limited.Overall a good experience and worth a try.
4	The constant changing menu of MOzen continues to amaze me. In particular, I enjoyed eating the Mason Jar, which had smooth potato foam, creamy spinach and flavorful mushroom. The chef's flexibility of removing ham and bacon to meet my dietary restriction was appreciated. My friend also loved the fact that MOzen uniquely used baguette to create crunchy French toasts. Although the service is slightly slow, the great food and the tranquil environment make MOzen the perfect place for brunch in Vegas.
3	This review is for breakfast only.  I got the standard breakfast which came with hot tea for $28 (the same breakfast without tea is $19--both tea and juice are $9).  Hubby got steak and eggs.  It was all good but the restaurant itself is just a bland coffee shop, albeit a nice one.  I wouldn't go back and pay those prices for breakfast as there are better options in Vegas.
5	Staff was amazing. Juan was our waiter for breakfast two mornings in a row, and he was helpful, efficient and incredibly nice. The food was VERY good, and presented in interesting, intriguing ways. Breakfast in a Mason Jar was a prime example of this. Overall, super convenient and impeccable.
1	Came here for a work dinner. I read all these great reviews, so I was looking forward to it. The menu is a mix of a lot of Asian foods. We had a 9pm reservation, it was a bit late, but it's Vegas. Ordered some Sushi, which was decent, but nothing to write home about. I had the curry which was not very good at all. Good wine list, had a bottle of Sake.The waiter was kind of a jerk, who didn't want to seem to work there. The worst part of the whole thing is that they were practically closing up at 10:15pm, and asked us to wrap up and leave. Why take a 9pm reservation if you want to close at 10pm!
1	I was lured,to this place because of reviews. But it is a total sham. I ordered a bulgogi beef and it turns out just four small slices of beef on just white rise. If you are a super model try to keep your shape , you might like it. But no normal people pay 18 bucks just for a snack size beef on just F***King white rice.
2	We were staying at the Mandarin Oriental, so we decided to have lunch at MOzen Bistro. My date ordered the Crunchy Dragon Roll and I ordered the Rainbow Roll and Flat Chicken Dumpling.The Rainbow roll wasn't great, the Crunchy Dragon Roll was ok. Can't beat sushi on the coasts. The Flat Chicken Dumplings were yucky. They were overcooked, and the red sauce didn't pair well at all. The dumplings tasted like something you'd defrost from the grocery store. Based upon our meal, not sure how this place is ranked with 4 stars. Perhaps we ordered the wrong items or hit them at a bad time.
4	Great food, Eat here yesterday for my anniversary. Very nice environment for a romantic evening.The food is on the expensive side, but not too bad for something you do once a year. We had the special for 2, dessert and a appetizer for around $300.
5	I would have give MOzen four stars for a snafu in the service...had it not been New Years Eve when everything is crazy.  We waited about 40 minutes before a server brought by the small, obligatory bread basket, and then 10 minutes later some of the sushi dishes we had ordered as appetizers, finally began to arrive.  They delivered two at once, one of which we didn't recall ordering.  When we were barely getting started on the sushi, the main course arrived.  I sent that back to the kitchen to keep warm while we hurriedly ate what was in front of us.  We were surprised when the correct sushi order arrived, followed a few minutes later by the main entrees, again.  We never got to finish the late-delivered sushi, and frankly, three sushi orders were more than we intended to eat.  The restaurant manager came by to offer us a glass of champagne, on the house, but we were already drinking a very good cabernet, so we declined,The good part is that everything we tried, was excellent!  The sushi was very good.  We had yellow tail and yellow tail sushi rolls and also the "caterpillar" roll.  (Note:  the best yellow tail in town is at SoHo, a small local west end eatery).  For entrees, we tried the butter chicken in curry sauce, served with basmati rice and freshly made nan.  It was spicy and hauntingly flavorful and well-prepared. The second entree was the lamb shank also in a curry sauce and the same side dishes, but had an entirely different curry flavor:  savory, tender and delicious.  We plan to return when the restaurant is in a less hectic setting, but overall, it was one of the better-tasting meals we had at a Las Vegas resort hotel.
2	We've previously had the high tea at MO in Las Vegas, and i was very impressed with the service, so on this trip to Las Vegas decided to try brunch.  At $64/person, it is okay, but the service not so much, at least not up to par with what you come to expect at MO.  Our server did not tell us about the sashimi that is available at the sushi bar, i found out about it later during our 2 hour stay when a larger table got a big platter of sashimi, and i also did some searching on line with the smartphone.  Unfortunately by then the sushi chef said he ran out of hamachi, so that was a huge bummer.  The server barely paid attention to us, maybe she had a lot of other tables, but i expect better from MO.  Our water glasses and coffee cups were left empty for prolonged periods of time, that is acceptable at Denny's but not so much at MO.  Initially i wanted to have dinner at Twist, but after this brunch, i decided against it.
