4	Midtown just got a little bit cooler.  Did you know you can buy wine at Target now?  Truckloads of parking in their free garage and there's a Starbucks right inside the store.  It doesn't get any more "corporate" than this but they keep it real with good deals, quality, cleanliness and friendliness.  It's actually fun to pick up a pair of cargo shorts, a shirt for work on Monday and Amy Winehouse's new CD along with your milk and eggs all in one stop.
4	So excited that Target is uptown! (Or downtown! Or whatever!) It's great. I had not trouble parking, which is always a good thing, and the set up is pretty much the same as any other Target so things were easy to find. I happen to be shopping for my bes friend's Bridal Shower and I noticed that this Target in particular they had a lot of nice items in the Bridal section! I got her some really cute flip flops that say "just married" on the bottom, a pretty photo album, all sorts of decals for scrapbooking for her, plus a canvas Bride tote bag and an "emergency Bridal Kit" for her wedding day. Loved it! Also, as Jason L. points out, they have Starbucks inside - pretty good quick fix when you shop. Love the convenience!
4	I was so excited when the Target - and Home Depot Design Center - opened last year at Metropolitan. I no longer had to make long trips to the suburbs to buy basic stuff. I'm pretty addicted to buying cheap, cute clothes at Target, but I've also made it my first stop when grocery shopping. I buy all my basic stuff - cereal, milk, pasta - at Target, because it's much cheaper than Teeter and other grocery stores around here. Tip: It can be packed on the weekends with annoying kids and bad parents. Try shopping on a Monday or Tuesday night instead.
5	Ah...Target.  Is there anything better?  People always know where to find me:  either at Target or the Gap.  I guess that explains the holiday gift certificates.  This Target in the new Midtown shopping area is especially clean, even by Target standards.  And it's nice to have a Target close to Uptown and Dilworth.  If I'm in one of those areas, stopping here is a must.  I can always find covered close-by parking in their parking garage and there's always something I need (or want)!The only thing that would make this place better is if it was a SUPER Target.
4	Target at Midtown is your typical Target store-red and white color schema, clean aisles, and trendy housewares and clothes.  This Target, however, is exceptionally large and well stocked.  They have a great selection of guys' clothes-particularly the Mossimo and Converse variety, a banging electronics section, and mini gourmet grocery store.  While most big box retailers operate on a "more of the same" principle, this store gives you real variety.  Why get a frozen lasagna when you can get Tandoori Chicken or Coconut Shrimp dinner?  There is a Starbucks located at the entrance in case you need to get energized for productive shopping trip or perhaps re-energized after spending too much time and $$$ in the store.  Either way, Target @ Midtown is the jam.Helpful Hint: Park on the 3rd floor to be close to the entrance.
4	I love Target. I really do. It is mighty difficult to make it out of there for less than $50, even if I just needed laundry detergent. You see, they must have talented people working here....because the merchandise just beckons to me. Whether it's a basic t-shirt, mascara, laptop sleeve, candy corn or dog food Target pretty much has me covered. They also have quite the selection of picture frames, auto goods and homewares. This particular Target is great because it's super clean (including the bathroom up front), well-organized and typically stocked with whatever I need (or don't need) on my shopping trip. Plus, there is a Starbucks right when you walk in. So, shoppers bring in your reusable bags an get shopping. I dare you to walk out of here without spending $50+...because I just don't have the willpower. FYI - if you're craving ice cream, they have a pretty sweet selection here. They even have those old school chocolate vanilla cups with the wooden spoons. Score!
2	It pains me to say this.....but I hate this Target. In Happy Gilmore, Chubbs tells Happy to envision his happy place which is a midget on a unicycle and chicks with beer right? Well my happy place is Target. With their addition of Starbucks to the roster, fashionable, wallet friendly clothes and clearance racks galore, Target makes my heart smile. I can go in looking for paper towels yet come out $150 worth of stuff that is too good to pass up.However, anytime I go to this Target, I just get mad and I don't like that. I don't know if it is the skewed parking set up they have (tip park on the first or second level then use the stairs to go to the main level), picked over clothing or the occasional cashier who acts like they are being bothered when you need to check out but I just don't dig it. I would rather drive 15-20 minutes to a Target on the other side of town that go to this one.
3	As far as Target's go this one is pretty darn good. I mean, they sell the same everything and anything that every other Target does and the sales are just as good, but where they really shine is on Clearance items. For some reason they always seem to put the most fantastic stuff on clearance. Charcoal satin drapes. Plaid cloth flats. Three packs of Old Spice deoderant. Occasionally Choxie. Be sure to check out the Clearance sections in every department (or, you know, don't so I can snatch up all the finds).I am, however, pretty sure that the parking deck of this Target is the national headquarters for driving like an asshole.  It's like someone purposely filled the place with inept and rude drivers. The main level is usually packed anyway so i tend to park down a level and just take the stairs. Infinitely less infuriating.
4	Ahhhh!! What is it about Target that makes me never leave without spending a minimum of $100 every time! Oh wait I know, the fact that they sell Clothes, Shoes, Electronics, Food, Bedding, Toiletries, and Pet Supplies!!! I think I have every V-neck T-shirt color that Target has ever made and I only add on to my collection every time I go! It's just that everything is affordable and so much easier than heading to the mall so really it's me being lazy and cheap! This Target is pretty good it's nothing compared to The Target Greatlands out in AZ, but I have come to terms with that! The only thing that is annoying to me is the parking oh and the people driving they're cars here,  it's like people in Charlotte have never been in a car garage before...Not that hard to drive in them I swear!! I LOVE Target and I'm pretty sure they LOVE my $$$$$
4	Target, you complete me...and my house and my office. Whenever I need something I know I can find it here. Even when I don't need anything, I find myself strolling down the aisles and picking something up! The company has done a great job of marketing. This location is fantastic! They have a great parking garage, although it can get tight if you plan on parking on the same level as the entrance. If you park on a different level and take the elevators, just be warned, they are a tad disgusting. Inside the store, like others have mentioned, is clean and well organized. I'm impressed on their stock of pantry items and frozen/cold foods. If you plan to return something, best bet is to keep your receipt (like every return policy everywhere). However, they can look up your transaction if you paid by credit card...but one of the employees (less than thrilled) told me that I could only return without a receipt 3 times a year. Okay.What more can I say? I'm a fan.
5	This Target is getting a full grocery section March 27. In the meantime, they're doing superclearance, which is awesome! Always have great deals and great quality items. Love it!
4	I went to Target this week to buy an I-pod after a less-than-stellar experience at the Best Buy @ Midtown.  I was asked immediately by a sales associate if I needed help.  He was enthusiastic to serve me; he showed me the jogging wristbands that would fit my new I-pod and thoroughly explained the tech support and warranty for electronic products purchased at Target. A far cry from the hand-off customer service "specialists" at Best Buy!A side note: this Target is adding a full grocery section, woo hoo!
4	Whatever it's a Target duh do you live under a rock?  The only thing I have to say about this Target is that YAY they are Super-sizing it this month!!!  They are saying that it will be complete and open 3/27/11.
3	Target, to me, is always 5 stars, so with that being said, this review is based on 3 things: Location, Parking, and Service.Location - great and horrible all in one! It's only 10 minutes from my casa in the Plaza MidHOOD so hooray for that, but the intersections around this Target are a little chaotic and not left turn friendly at any exit.Parking - the key is, park of the bottom floor, get some quick cardio in and run the stairs to the 3rd floor! Don't even try to get a park outside the main entrance because it's really just not worth the hassle/time. (side note: there is also an elevator, but it's a little slow and plus you need to lose a few pounds, there i said it).Service - oh girl, you need to find another job. This is what I think everytime I get checked out at this store. The cashiers look MISERABLE and I'm starting to think I should offer to shoot them when they're bagging my stuff. We've all had bad jobs and bad days, but this store consistently has Ms. Never Smile Hate You and Your Basket of Stuff checking people out and it's not really a fun experience. I feel bad for you, and it makes me wonder if this store isn't that good to their employees or if they're just hiring the wrong types of people. That being said, there are some great people around here but they're never checking people out, they seem to be stocking shelves.I will keep going here out of necessity but this location could learn alot from the Stonecrest and Blakeny stores that always have me smiling as I leave!
3	This Target is so Super! It has lots of things in it, and a lot of the time, they're on sale.The parking deck is pretty bad. People are rude. It gets crowded. Tip: Try parking a deck above the main entrance.Sometimes, the employees are smiley, other times, bored. I made a joke today to one of them and he didn't even notice. So, there's that.Anyways, other than the parking issues, and with the addition of a produce department, this target's right on Target! Haha
3	I, like Nicole, find myself going in for a mascara and walking  out with a $100's worth of whatever sparks my interest.5 stars for the average shopping experience - vitamins- check, a cheap cover-all for a bathing suit- check, a towel rack- check.-1 star for parking- this area just kind of sucks when it comes to parking...I can NEVER get in and out. -1 star for groceries- after being out of town for a bit (and having an embarrassingly empty refrigerator ), I decided to check it out now that it's a super-target. I usually love them but this time I ended up just leaving. They had a very small produce section $3.99 for cherry tomatoes (non-organic mind you...even though I was trying to find them). Even things like herbs were over priced and overall were so limited in selection so I just drove across the way to Trader Joes. Hopefully they'll get better as time goes on- maybe it will be more of a convenience shop than a full-on grocery shopping place for me.
4	How can you not be a fan of Target? It has everything you need, and don't really need, under one roof... and it's not Walmart. This location is convenient, but it can also be a mess. I now always park on the first floor (pull in by the wendy's) and take the stairs so I can avoid the disaster of an upper parking deck. I've become a basket shopper, not a buggy pusher, not only to curb my spending habits but also because sometimes the place is just a mob scene of carts and there are traffic jams, even in the ridiculously wide aisles. I love that they've expanded their grocery section. I don't really love the actual selection, and It doesn't have everything - as it's still not a "super" target, but I can knock out most of the dried and frozen food portion of my shopping (and orange juice, and maybe deli meat - but why do they only sell sliced sandwich meats, where are the cooked chicken and turkey pieces??) at a fraction of HT prices before I jump in my car and pick up produce/fresh meats at the one on East. I have unfortunately noticed that they've been creeping up their prices on some items. I always buy the same type of cereal and I was really excited they started to carry it because HT sells it for close to $5 a box. It started at 2.99, then about a week later it was 3.29, and now it's barely under $4. (**update, now 4.35) Still cheaper than HT, but I think they're realizing they can charge a bit more in this area for groceries than expected. And Target customer service, is well, hit or miss. I strike out more around 3 or 4 when a lot of shifts tend to end and they apparently couldn't care less if I needed help finding where they moved the light bulb aisle to. But I don't tend to expect too much going in.
4	It's Target.  I don't have many complaints.  So here is the quick and dirty 411 for this location.- Have to use parking deck since it's an uptown location.  I park on the bottom and take the elevator.  It's never a hassle.  I once ventured to park near the entrance (3rd level) and it was like playing bumper cars.  Lesson learned.- Recently renovated and added a bigger food section.  It didn't meet my expectations.  I'm used to the Super Targets where they basically have a supermarket inside.  This one has your everyday common food items but produce department is lacking and frozen food section is meh.-Starbucks located inside (Shazam!)-Cart wheels will lock if you get too far from the store.  I once parked in a spot close to the entrance of the parking deck and my shopping cart made a dead stop.  Quite embarrassing actually.  Hot Tip: Don't wear a red shirt to Target unless you are prepared to say, "I'm sorry.  I don't work here." every 10 minutes.
4	I'm a city girl by birth, and you can take a city girl to the country (hmm... Charlotte was a bit "country" when I first moved here) but you can't take the city out of me!  And this Target is one of the few "urban" shopping experiences we have here.  I find it interesting most reviews put parking as the negative point of this place.  I never have problem whipping my car up to 3rd level and finding a space.  But parking on different levels and walk the stairs work too... hey, it's like exercise without the gym membership!  Believe me, I highly appreciate this parking deck on a rainy day.  Instead of getting soaked through half a football field of a parking lot, I just dash across the little gap right by the door.I filled my prescriptions here yesterday and it's non-chaotic with short wait time (unlike an El WalMarto), but it was 9am.  I wanted to make sure all my drugs are "generic" and the lady said she would call me when she pulled all the prices instead of waiting.  And she did!  The pill bottles are cool looking, even with color coding method for multi-people household (I'm purple, so you better pick some other color)I scrolled through the new grocery section.  It definitely is an improvement from before (I think Target finally found out how pissed off we were when they first opened and it wasn't a "super" store).  Pricing is a matter of opinion, I guess the convenience can make up for that extra dollar.I just like the fact that this store never seems to be out of control.  I have never been here even on a weekend and felt like I need to kill anyone (or their kids).  And most of the time, it's nice and quiet, and I can shop in peace.  To top it off, you have a Starbucks and a quick bite area. Convenience times 2!
4	Love this target! Why? Because it's super close to uptown! It's nice that instead of driving all the way home to South Charlotte and having to stop at the Target in Matthews I can hit this one before I get on 74.The downside is the parking deck... honestly, who actually LOVES parking in a parking deck? I don't think anyone is a fan of trying to finagle their car around big hunks of concrete and other cars. You're just asking to have an accident. I guess it's the price we pay to be consumers and members of society. The great aspect I love about this target is that it's not insanely crowded like the one in Matthews.  There does to be a big influx of people around 5-6pm on their way home but that's about as busy as it gets.
4	Shame the HD design center closed, but that gives Target it's very own parking deck.  I got a little confused and really thought Target had closed as well, but then realized I was on the wrong level of the parking deck... talk about needing a light bulb above my head literally and figuratively.I was pleasantly surprised that this location is super clean and offers groceries.  It is a rather large Target... don't let the location fool you.... bring comfortable walking shoes.
3	Okay, so its a Target.  In my current situation, this is MY Target. Any time I must have a certain brand of something, like when I was craving Life cereal or strawberry Haagen Dazs or a Jack's frozen pepperoni pizza they supply.  They also now have the fresh groceries, so you can buy a big old bunch of grapes and sandwich bread and yogurt along with your vacuum cleaner, garbage bags and sun dress.Um.  This Target... is red and bright and always CLEAN, and has just about all of the things you need around the house.  The attached Starbucks is nice, because when you say an enthusiastic "yes MA'AM" to "whipped cream and caramel sauce on that?", they understand and give you an absurdly large portion of the stuff.I am here most days of the week.  The proximity makes it too easy.  Find me by the soaps - facial, dish, laundry, etc - or by the pet supplies.
1	PHARMACY: Awful service today. Dropped off perscription at 10am for pick up at 12 noon. Came at 2pm and not only was it not ready, it took 30 minutes to fill and then they only could fill half of it. Didn't tell me they could only fill half. Today is Friday and they expected other drug in Monday which was unacceptable. Requested my money and my perscription back and taking my business elsewhere!Liked: Disliked:
4	This really is probably the nicest Target I've been to...clean, organized.The looks of it might be deceiving, but it's really bigger than you might think!  I like the idea of a parking deck, but the drivers in it can really be cutthroat sometimes!  Always check the back aisles in each section for clearance shelves -- you can usually find some fantastic deals!The snack bar can really be hit or miss sometimes.  Drink machines might or might not be working.  There's an obligatory Starbucks there as well -- friendly staffed..watch for a really nice dark-haired guy, he's pretty good with sign language.I'd give anything in the world for this Target to have just a smidge better product selection so I'd never never never have to step foot in a Walmart ever again...but what they do have, is pretty right-on.  Being only a mile away from my condo makes it even that much better.
3	This is a great location for the uptown crowd. The grocery selection is still weak and I prefer to stay on the first floor at Trader Joes, but if you need household items, this Target is very convenient.
3	Target's been a steady shopping destination for us since we moved to CLT.  They've got so much of what you you could possibly need, and the prices are pretty good.  Useful tip: if you get a target debit card, you will save 5% on anything you buy there, even if it's already on sale.Anyway, Target gets a lot of points from me for its convenience and decent prices.On the other hand, I have to call shenanigans on their whole grocery store debacle.  The idea just wasn't executed that well.  It seems dominated by processed foods and convenience-type foods.  Just a very poor selection.Also, I used their photo processing a few times and the results were not so great.So to recap: good for basic household stuff like undershirts, cleaning products and pet food.  Bad for people food and photos.
5	I love Targets period, but this one gets 5 stars from me because they have an incredible ethnic hair products section. I was blown away.
5	A very urban location for a Target and therefore, they have their own parking deck. It's a little off putting if you're used to the more suburban locations with the massive parking lot out front.Once you get past that, it's a standard Target with a small grocery section (not a SuperTarget) and everything else that you would expect to find in the store. The employees that I interacted with were friendly and helpful - I wasn't able to find a pump bottle of Purell on my own. The aisles were clean and bright and everything was well stocked.It's a super Target, not a SuperTarget.
2	I really dislike going here, but it can't be avoided sometimes due to being located close to home, and they actually have good prices on a lot of home goods.My biggest complaint about this place is not the parking, once you learn to park on the second floor and just walk up a flight of stairs its no problem. The problem is the employees most of the time.My biggest gripe is the employee who is paid to tell me what line to get into. It's really not that bad, and I understand trying to maintain even distribution for the cashiers, but its when that person becomes a group of 5-6 employees, standing and talking right in the middle of the already crowded main walkway. They absolutely ignore any kind of  responsibility and instead I have heard quite a few Fri/Sat night stories between employees instead of actually doing some kind of tangible work.(ex. opening another lane instead of figuring out how not to do work)I find myself coming here less and less, again, not because of the location, parking, but strictly because of what seem like lack of leadership in the front end of the store which is frustrating to no end. When you have 2 items and it takes you 30 minutes to get out of the store, something is wrong.
3	You've been to Target. That's all this is. It's not a supertarget, at least not when I went last weekend. It's just a big ass monument to consumerism. Just the way we like it. If you like the Target shopping experience, and I do, then you'll fit right in. Nothing extraordinary on either side of the balance to report here. Just go shop already!
4	As long as you're not driving a land yacht, parking isn't a problem. Park on the street, in the deck, across the street, walk the greenway, ride a bike, take the #6 or #25 CATS buses... There are lots of options. Anyway, I like this store. They keep it well staffed and straightened up. Early on it had stock issues, but I reckon Target finally figured out lots of Charlotteans are thrilled to not have to drive out to the burbs for basic merchandise. Good for Target making a bet on Center City. It's a good place to buy stuff.
4	The parking deck like its neighbor at Trader Joes is abysmal but this a wonderful Target which is worth the fight.
2	A fan of Target just not a fan of this location. Parking is abysmal if you elect to park on the same floor of the store itself (this is a parking deck). There are stairs and an elevator for access. Entering and exiting said parking deck is a bit of a pain because of the traffic in the area. It seems like the few times I go to this particular location, it's always raining and the entrance to the actual store does not have much cover between the 'deck and the storefront. The store itself is your everyday, normal Target. I'll only go to this particular location if I'm at work and really need something. Otherwise, I'd rather wait and hit one of their other locations.Your pal,Walter
4	This Target is kind of my second home I believe I come here at least 2 to 3 times per week.  It's your one stop shop for groceries, clothing, hair care, home decor, books, pharmacy needs and so much more (like Starbucks).  For some reason shopping at Target is just so much more comfortable than the Wal Mart.  What I like most about this Target is the pharmacy.  They have the friendliest pharmacists who are always very helpful.  The store is easy to navigate and checking out is a breeze.
4	Oh Target, I have such a love/hate relationship with you. You are a black hole of consumer goods. I walk in for toothpaste, somehow seemingly black out and walk out with $100 of stuff... only to return home and realize I forgot to get toothpaste. This location is super clean, well staffed, organized and the shelves stocked with all your necessities... and not-so-necessary items. The addition of the grocery area is nice. Running errands can now be a one-stop shopping excursion.. rather than multiple stops all over town. A Starbucks greets you when you walk in, so you can get your caffeine fix before hitting the aisles. They are also really good about returning items. The parking garage can be kind of chaotic. I recommend skipping the 3rd floor (where everyone fights for spots) and head to another level. Target is simply a quick elevator ride away... and you don't have to drive around in circles playing parking spot roulette. For those with no willpower like myself-- make a list and skip the cart. My rule is to get a basket and leave when it is full. :)
5	My husband and I come to this Target so often that some of our friends tease us about it. We're usually here at least once a week, sometimes twice.It's not as packed with Targety goodness as a Super Target, of course, but it's more well stocked than many of the older stores around town. They often cycle through seasonal items on a slightly earlier and faster schedule than other locations. Ever since they added fresh groceries (and pretty reasonably priced ones, at that), we often don't need to make any other stops for the weekly shopping.The Starbucks inside this Target is good. I can hardly wait for Pumpkin Spice Latte time every year. This was the Starbucks where I was introduced to the genius concept of fixing up the already delicious PSL with a vanilla shot.This is also where I go for all my pharmacy needs. It's clear that a lot of other people do the same, based on the big lines that form right after work on a weekday, so I try to wait it out until the rush has died down. That's easy enough to do, since I'm in a Target. The pharmacy employees are all helpful and friendly enough in my experience -- the same goes for the staff in the rest of the store.Parking is always stressful in a parking garage for me because people tend to zoom around in them haphazardly, but this deck has enough levels that it's possible to find a spot without too much hassle. You just have to be willing to park on another level from the Target entrance. With four levels, it should be a good amount of parking even when/if a business moves into the vacant location under the Target.
4	Target at Midtown is a fantastic shopping experience, especially if you happen to have Val as your cashier.  She is a smack-talking hoot!Seriously, with parking that protects you from rain and all aisles usually open, how can you not love this Target?  Don't get me wrong, I am all about shopping local, but with 3 children that need a dump truck load of back-to-school supplies, Target is my choice.  And, seriously, where else can you pick up a cute top, scarf and set of sheets, while simultaneously loading up a cart with colored pencils, paper, and notebooks?  (And their junior dept. clothes, while tricky to find smaller sizes, are hard to distinguish from pricier brands... a huge bonus to this mother of a middle schooler).
4	It's Target....not much else to say.The parking at this one can be kind of a mess, though, so just park on the first floor and use your legs to drive you to the front door.
4	Definitely my favorite location of however many Target stores there in Charlotte. I mean, it's just your typical Target, but this one gets the title of "My Target," or "Our Target." It's fun to call this one our go-to. All of your simple needs found here. Produce and food section is a bit pricey and the produce really kinda sucks. We try and avoid this at all costs, but it'll work in a pinch. The layout is my favorite, too. We frequent the clothing sections. Hey, we're not fancy. I like to say I shop at Target Outfitters anyways. Hint: Parking in all of Midtown, and especially The Met, SUCKS. Royally. Take a hike up the ramps and park on the 5th floor to avoid parking pandemonium. Plus, you get a much better view of the Uptown skyline. Fairly barren on the 5th floor and especially nice on a sunny day. Enjoy.
5	I love Target in general! I like this location even more because its big and is  always clean. I always find everything on my shopping list and always end up adding more stuff, yikes!There is always parking is on the first level.Love that I can get my Starbucks coffee while shopping!
4	Definitely one of the nicer Targets in Charlotte.  The parking is generally simple and it's easy in, easy out.  The most convenient Target in the Uptown and MidTown area of Charlotte.Is what it is.  Better than WalMart and other competitors.
4	Well, I have really never met a target that I didn't like but I do have some favorite locations and this is now one of them.  I was skeptical of the parking but it is super easy to navigate around with clear signs to help even the newbies of parking decks.  The lady named VAy deserves a big applause.  She was so kind, knowledgable and a true asset to this store.  She left me feeling good and with a smile.  Customer service at it's best!  Yay for Target!!
4	It's a typical Target store. I like this location because it's close to Uptown and surrounded by other great stores. Not my favorite place to by food since it tends to be overpriced most of the time. Clothing and other necessities are reasonably priced, IMO though.
4	This is "my Target." Since moving to the Dilworth area, we've spent more time at this Target than just about anywhere else.Things I love (in no particular order):- Bathrooms. A safe haven for those greenway walkers doing the pee-pee dance- Starbucks inside. Boom.- Great selection of tank tops for the Mr- Full grocery side including great fresh options- Parking. Don't complain. Just go to the top of the deck. Take a selfie against the Charlotte skyline. Thank me later.- Location. Just outside 277, perfectly accessible from anywhere.- Service. The only reason I take off a star. Some people *cough* Ronnie *cough* are great and make the experience pleasant, even borderline delightful. Others act as though my presence is an imposition and don't bother making eye contact or doing their job with any gusto whatsoever. I know my purchases are probably interrupting your OH SO IMPORTANT conversation with a coworker, but girl, please! All in all, it's the best Target around and it's my go-to, despite my issues with service.
4	This is my go-to Target, and love it! The store is always clean, offers everything from groceries to furniture. The staff is always friendly, and although very crowded on the weekends it isn't too bad. I do wish the parking was a little better, but I have decided to park on he bottom or top levels and take the stairs..avoids the major traffic on the Target entrance level.
4	I live within walking distance to this Target and what a treat that is, because parking is sometimes difficult. I love the pharmacy staff at this location. I also really love their women's clothing section. I am not sure why but it always seems like this Target location has the largest and best selection of clothing. They also have tons of sale items! I am not terribly impressed with some of the employees that I have encountered working the floor-some of them seem downright lazy and are not afraid to admit it to any customer within earshot of them.
5	Nice target. Garage parking. Seems like it is near a shopping center. There are a couple levels for parking. Needed to get some food and toiletries while I was here for work. They have everything my Target has in San Diego. Definitely is busy during the night.
5	I live in Minneapolis, and the closest Target store to me is downtown one, right next to Corporate HQ.  Because it is next to HQ, and is frequently visited by the corporate folks, it has always been a very clean, very well run store. I never thought there would be a Target better than the downtown Minneapolis store.  I was wrong.Last week I was visiting family in Charlotte, and I needed to pick up some things for a party.  It was the Saturday after Black Friday.  I was blown away by how clean the store was, and how helpful the staff was to me.  One staff member, Victoria I believe, was the pro on customer relations.  The item I was looking for was out of stock, but she tracked it down at another store.  She offered to have it delivered here, or if it was a rush, she would have them hold it for me at one of the other locations.I really thought it was not possible to beat the service levels at the corporate flagship store, but I was wrong.  This one took it up a notch.  Well done!
4	Big, clean Target with a good variety of items. They have a good selection of clothes and shoes. They have a Grocery Section. They have Starbucks! And just about any other thing that you have on your shopping list.The staff here are very nice and friendly.
4	This is my favorite target in Charlotte. It's very clean, usually stocked very well, and the sakes associates are always very nice. Parking is a huge pain. If you enter from the Metropolitan side, you have to go up three floors to get to Target's doors. I'd recommend parking on the second floor, as it's a short staircase and easy access to the third floor. Another entrance is on Kings Ave, which sets you right on the main floor.
4	To all engineers - please design a zip-line to zip me back and forth from Target at-will. As I find myself furnishing the place,  I can't help but be drawn to this place.  I need to grab some cleaning supplies ... oh Target has it.  I need a shoe rack - I think I saw one at Target. I need bratwursts (real ones shouldn't be fancy!), Target, why not?  ... And some beer for the bratwursts (too good):  perfect.  Instead of driving further out of Uptown, I get caught by Target - no need to go anywhere else.This place is clean and well-lit.  The employees are friendly and helpful.  It's affordable.  They have everything, in case that wasn't clear.  Still in a SoCal state of mind... if there were an earthquake (in Charlotte?!), I'd make a beeline to Target - my earthquake emergency plan.  Off-topic.  This place can take care of all your needs. Now only if I could remember where I parked.dmo out.
4	Love coming to Target. It's crazy busy here right now. I wish they had more lanes open.
3	Waiting in line behind 4 carts. There's two lanes open and one express lane. Target doesn't look like they're in any hurry.
4	I wish I lived closer to Midtown because I would be in Target all the time.  This is a very clean store (Targets usually are as opposed to their blue rival), and their carts aren't falling apart!  Staff is friendly and always find what I need.  Plus it's next to Trader Joes' and Which Wich, so I can get my shopping done and get a quick lunch.
1	this review is for the PHARMACY ONLY! I love the rest of the store and am there multiple times a week.the pharmacy however is AWFUL. in the past 2 months we have been lied to by pharmacists about them contacting our doctor's office (when they in fact had not), forced my husband, who had just had surgery, to return to the hospital to have a change made to his prescription instead of just calling the doctor on their own, and told by one of them that she "does not have to provide customer service". the pharmacists are generally rude when greeting you and are more interested in talking with one another than helping customers.I was most appalled to hear that they did not believe they had to provide customer service. I feel that no matter where you work or what you do, most of us are required to provide some form of customer service, or at least be honest and kind to our customers.  managers were talked in both instances, but their attitudes/behaviors have not changed, so clearly that did no good either!it was very convenient for us to use their pharmacy because it's close to our home and we are target quite often, but it's safe to say we will no longer be using this pharmacy.
1	Constantly out of half of what I'm looking for. Today only: out of half the sock aisle, everything bagels, unsweetened applesauce, large clasp envelopes, eggs, grapefruit lacroix water. And it's always like this.
1	I've shopped at Target Stores all across the country, from New York to Seattle, and will have to say that this one is by far the worst.  Nonetheless, they seem to do a lot of business, there's a backup at Checkout whenever I go, so you have to wonder how much better this location would do if they offered the value and customer service of other Targets.  Last month, they held an employee meeting in the middle of the day in the middle of the store, the Bedding department.  If you can imagine aisles completely empty of staff except in Bedding where a crowd of more than 15 are standing and those 15 employees jumping up and down exclaiming how great they were, then you get the picture.  A customer walked up to the edge of the 15+ crowd of employees and pleaded for help, saying he was late and need to find an item quickly.  They paused long enough to laugh at him, then turned around and kept jumping up and down telling each other how great they were.  If it wasn't so sad, it would have been hilarious! That is somewhat comparable to my experience, which just happened, where I was directed to Checkout 10 with the instructions: "No one is at that register.", meaning, no customers were there, so no waits.  I was thinking: "Wow, that staffer was very helpful." until getting to Checkout 10 and finding that the cashier had a stack of coupons she was going through, many of which would not scan.  After waiting a very long time, I jumped into a different line and finally made it to the front.  I handed the cashier a 20% off everything coupon which she set to one side and then rang everything up.  Before she finished, I pointed to the coupon again and reminded her to knock 20% off the final bill.  She didn't.  She did apologize, though, saying it was not possible to void the sale and then give me 20% off, so since it was her mistake, she kindly walked me over to Customer Service where we gave an attendant the receipt and the coupon and told her we'd be back in a moment with the goods.  All was set.  Things were good. My opinion of this Target was changing.  I got back to Customer Service in less than a couple of minutes and in that time a line had formed.  The "Customer Service" rep who was assigned the task of refunding me 20% told me to go to the end of the line.  I told her that wasn't our agreement.  She said: "Go to the end of the line."  I said: "Give me back the receipt as well as the 20% off coupon."  After she did that, I  said politely, thoughtfully, and kindly to her just to make sure she knew she had done something bad: "This is very disappointing."  The clerk next to her mouthed the words: "F*** YOU!".  Wow! Finally, after what seemed like about 20 minutes after arriving at Checkout to pay for a few items, I was leaving with no 20% off and lots of misdirection and an insult I will never forget.  But, that wasn't my worst experience at this store.  You almost have to go there to see it for yourself!
5	I find it hard to believe that this store is the largest in the world. Style Galeries Lafayette, I found it dated, poorly organized, period escalators, difficult to navigate, the same brand ending up with several floors. Disappointed we only had a short time. Maybe would it take to persevere?
4	Came in with my sister looking for a pair of pants and a pair of shoes. After buying the shoes I was already a bit tired and being pushy. Katie was helping me. Ultimately I did not end up finding the right pair, but I thought Katie was extremely patient and her customer service was top notch. -William B.
4	I loved the Holiday Window Tour with Amanda, John and Ralph of Oak Street Design. The Nordstrom windows are outstanding. Wonderful Holiday Spirit!
3	As far as Targets go, this one is slightly disappointing.  It's the urban design with a built in parking deck. The target is actually on the 3rd level so pay attention to the signs or you'll end up taking the stairs or the exterior elevator. Went for a hat and some yoga pants, out of ladies hats....wha  the wha??  It's January folks, noodles all over the city are chilly and no hats. So I bought a men's knit hat for 5 bucks. Yoga pants, just shoot me. Piles and piles of disorder. None of the sizes are in the correct place and of course there are zero long size small. Plenty of short XL.  40 bucks on top of that, just rediculous.  Saving grace is the Starbucks but leaving is a nightmare. You can only exit on to King st. So going back towards uptown is a series of annoying right turns and that intersection is always a mess. It looks like it used to be multiple levels but now the first and second floor are empty, kinda looks like the zombie apocalypse.  They could rent the other levels and snaze it up a lot.
