5	Perfection!  The food was excellent, booth seating is extremely cool, the bar is gorgeous.  We had the grilled artichoke appetizer and for lunch, the jumbo chunk crab cakes which were heavenly and the "upscale" chicken strips which were prepared tempura-style, light and fluffy.  There are definitely things I could pick on, such as the lack of a true chocolate-based dessert, but they are minor flaws.  And they went above and beyond with detail such as having the nicest bathrooms of any venue in Charlotte.   Will definitely be back!
1	I had high, rooftop hopes for Bricktops but these hopes were flushed away down a porcelain downspout like the meal I had five hours earlier.Atmosphere - A modern designed room that has maple tables w/ cloth chairs, booths w/ red brick colored leather (or pleather) seats and copper accents throughout.Service - Service was excellent.  The restaurant was slow and our original server was switched to a new one w/out explanation.  This was kind of odd but we did not ask why as the new server was cheery, helpful and refilled my tea numerous times. Food - It was early dinner time so I was not looking for a big heavy meal and based on a suggestion from the server I had...da, da, daaaa,...the prime rib sandwich!!  This sandwich seemed like a great decision at the time but later took me to foreclosure and back.  The condemned medium rare misaligned roof meat was stacked high on a fine crusty, buttered and toasted sandwich roll which I dipped its' shingles into a French Onion soup tasting repossession au jus.  For dessert I had the "Chocolate Chip", which was a warm cookie in a skillet w/ vanilla ice-cream.  I determined it was either the meat on the sandwich or the sauce that got me sick as the dessert was shared w/my date and she did not suffer the same torture I went through around 10 PM that night.  Overall - The place left me feeling like a fool because about 4-5 hours later it left me feeling like I had a putty knife in my stomach...and this roof was ready to fall.  Once I evicted what was present I immediately felt relieved.  How do I know this is what got me ill?  Well the last time I ate that day was at 9 AM and it was cereal.  Additionally, I felt immediately better after serving notice on this money pit and then selling it to the porcelain gods.  In the morning I was able to eat without a single lean.  The sad thing is that I initially enjoyed my experience here.  I had excellent service which I tipped very well for and was ready to write a favorable review that was until the sheriff knocked and served notice on my meal.
1	First thing you notice walking through the doors is the noise level.  It was very busy on a Saturday night but nonetheless after a long tiresome day, this wasn't my cup of tea.  We even had to ask the waitress to repeat herself several times because we couldn't hear her over the noise.  I am getting older but I don't need a hearing aid yet.Ordered guacamole appetizer and with first bite a warning signal went off.  There was no taste to the guacamole.  Only a slight taste to the salsa.  The chips were greasy and so we ate very little of a $9 appetizer.  No need to consume considerable fat grams on something with no taste.My wife ordered chicken.  I ordered salmon.  Just like the appetizer, neither had any taste.  The mushrooms came in a separate bowl swimming in grease and cooked in wine.  The wine taste overpowered the mushrooms unfortunately.Cost $56 to eat a tasteless meal.  I could have put that money in a jar to save for my hearing aid.The only positive thing I can say about this restaurant is the service was quite good despite them being very busy.  It is conveniently located across from South Park Mall.We were so unfulfilled that on the way home we stopped at Cook-Out and got a chargrilled chicken sandwich that had much more flavor than what we ordered here.
4	I enjoyed the food, especially my fish tacos entree.  The brown rice was inventive and a tasty accompaniment.  The atmosphere was great for a casual date or decent meal after Southpark, especially if you are trying to avoid the chains (Cheesecake, Maggianos, CPK, etc).  Looking forward to trying more things here.
4	This place has gotten a lot of bad reviews which surprises me a little.  I used to work within walking distance and it was my go to place for lunch when taking out clients... they were always impressed with the menu choices and decor.  I don't care what a restaurant looks like, but you know how clients are...  would rather have a pretty meal than a good one.  Just kidding, clients, love you forever!  Please keep sending me big checks!  By the way, have I told you that you look great today?  wink, wink...On different occasions I have tried their crab salad, chicken sandwich, fish special, artichoke dip, calamari, and burger.  I found the food to be pretty good, simple and seasoned well.  I'm not a huge  fan of what the kids call "New American" food, but I thought this place was good.  Apologies if I am using the term incorrectly... I have noticed that people give it good reviews for lunch and bad for dinner... may want to skip it at night.
3	Bricktops Restaurant is a casual eatery located across from the Southpark mall.  I have eaten lunch here on two occasions and both times my meal was pretty good.  My favorite menu items so far are definitely the amazing french fries and the delicious guacamole.  My issues with Bricktops really lie in the details.  First, do I really have to remind you to bring me a straw?   That drives me crazy.  Second, when I order a hamburger medium it should probably come with at least a tiny bit of pink on the inside - not charred all around.  I never send food back, but I was tempted this time!  I actually had to salt my burger - something I have never done before - because there was absolutely no flavor.  I ordered the bleu cheese burger and it came with bleu cheese on the top and caramelized onions on the bottom of the bun.  The onions were overpoweringly sweet and that did not help my poor charred burger taste any better.  However, on the up side... this place is very family friendly, and the entire staff is very nice.  It is the perfect place for a baby shower, a lunch with the girls or a business meeting.  We will definitely go back and hope for a better taste experience next time.
4	Awesome, love the brunch. Fresh ingredients made with skill, great waffles, and eggs benefict! Not to mention there dinners set the same standard. My one complaint is there ahi tuna sandwich is a bit to salty.
5	I eat at Bricktop's quite often and LOVE it! Their chicken sandwich is delish not to mention the deviled eggs. It is a very nice atmosphere, but still reasonably priced. The patio is also very nice to sit at when the weather is good. Would definitely recommend.
5	Bricktops was wonderful I had the crusted parm chicken w/ spinach an the flatbread app with a bowl of lobster bisque.  The lobster bisque was as wonderful as when i was paula deans lady n sons :)  There was not just tiny pieces of lobster there were big pieces.  The flatbread very light, not heavy so to spoil you for your entree.  the crusted chicken w/ tomatotes and capers wonderful.  My freind had the ribs, they fell right off the bone, i tried one they melted in your mouth.  For desert the hot fudge sundae very light just enough to get that sweet for the ending of your meal.  I will be back to bricktops , service was great an staff was so friendly :)
4	Ah, Bricktop's...so conveniently located near the mall but not AT the mall. This is pretty clutch, IMO, as I don't like to fight the crowds to score a salad. I've been to Bricktop's many a time - for a casual lunch to a late dinner. Every time I've visited I've been happy with my meal and the service - seriously, ever server has been oh so friendly and accommodating. Their patio is pretty great for a leisurely meal alfresco and even their bar is fairly roomy. While I've sampled a few different items here, I have a few absolute favorites:Ahi Tuna Salad: A super generous and light salad with avocado, mixed greens, mango and a hearty portion of delicious seared tuna. I ask for the dressing on the side and sometimes the greens can be a little overdressed. Guacamole: Ok, you won't believe me until you try it, but Bricktop's guac rivals Cantina's. No joke. It's really, really flavorful!Griddle cookie sundae: It's magical. It's a cookie baked in a small cast iron skillet, topped with a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and doused in chocolate sauce. It's warm, gooey perfection. I dream about this dessert. Note that it take 10-15 minutes to bake the cookie, so be patient for your dessert! It's a wee bit on the expensive side for a casual dinner, but it's tasty nonetheless. Yay for Bricktop's!
4	A A AWESOME!  i know this is a chain but I'm head over heals for the sugared bacon and deviled eggs...gluttony at it's best.  (Not one of my finer moments.)Oh Oh..the chocolate chip cookie is baked in an iron skillet and brought to yor table that way.  Really, who does that?
4	hello heaven...who knew you were here on earth in the form of fabulous food & perfect corner booth ambiance? i ventured to bricktops on thursday for a lunch meeting and while the company was good, my main takeaway (as it has been in the past) was feeling impressed with my overall dining experience.  greeted upon arrival by hostess, ushered immediately to our booth, greeted shortly thereof by a server who shared the daily features, drinks delivered & refilled in a timely fashion and finally the food.  i went with the grilled steak salad fresh vine ripe tomatoes, blue cheese crumbles with a vinaigrette dressing - others went with the flatbread,  french fries and even blackened fish tacos - we left feeling comfortably full and satisfied with our meals.while the variety is good, i still feel like the prices are just a tad too high - but maybe the covers the rest of the experience? this remains on my list of definite go to spots in southpark.
3	Ever had one of those events when you had built it up so far in your mind that the reality couldn't possibly live up to the expectation?  Bricktop's is undoubtedly a victim of just such a happening.  Nonetheless, I think that even if I didn't have all this pent-up excitement of a warm chocolate chip cookie dessert in my mind, I would have still been disappointed.Now I'm not normally one to hang out in the SouthPark area.  But I do understand that it's different than many other parts of town.  You go into this place and you can tell right away that it's like walking into a different planet.  From the outside you expect something like an Applebee's.  Inside, it's way more upscale.  That's not bad, but Bricktop's?  It just doesn't fit.  The name is way more casual than the interior suggests.  Bricktop's suggests downtown pizza joint, not uptown bistro.Regardless, you are finally inside, and you're greeted with gorgeous wood and beautiful lighting.  It's really a nice looking place.  The menu, while not very impressive looking, has some nice dishes, with prices to match.  This is not casual dining.  Even for SouthPark.Service is friendly, but not particularly good.  You are seated quickly, but then left on your own for way too long.  Food is brought out quickly - even more quickly than I would have expected, in fact - but you aren't ever checked on again.  Glasses remain empty.  Then again, maybe I'm just not the typical customer and they want me to leave.As to food?  Definitely doesn't match the decor.  I don't have a problem dropping the amount of money they ask for their food, but I'd like to have something worthwhile in return.  Their burgers were monumentally disappointing.  Almost no flavor.  The blue cheese burger promised caramelized onions.  I didn't get onions of any kind, caramelized or not.  They would have helped.  The macaroni and cheese, made interesting with penne instead of macaroni, had a bizarre cheese sauce, more appropriate to a kids menu (which they have, but not appropriate here on a $5 side).And the cookie?  Thin and crispy and generally unappetizing.  Even the ice cream that came with it didn't have much going for it.  There was a chocolaty (caramely?) sauce drizzled on top, but it could have used more.  I would, however, suggest ordering it when your food arrives, so that it gets there about as you are done eating.  Otherwise they will take your order with your plates and you'll be waiting for a while to get the cookie delivered.
4	Went with a friend for my birthday dinner and had a great time.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere.  We had spinach and artichoke dip w/ fresh tortilla chips to start and the real surprise was the fresh and flavorful salsa that came with it...yum!  The margherita flatbread was great for a lighter dinner option with fresh mozzarella and basil.  However, the real standout was the cheeseburger.  It seems they grind the meat for the burger themselves and it proved to be especially juicy and delicious.  The wait staff was friendly, very knowledgeable of the menu and offered great recommendations.  I will definitely go there again!
2	Went the other night with a friend that raved about how good this place was.  The import beer selection was very small.  The beef Carpaccio was just average.  (if you want the best go to Collectors Cafe in Myrtle Beach, you'll be licking the plate). Then I got the Ahi Tuna which was missing something.  I"m not sure if it was the sauce that was throwing it off or what.  The scoop of white rice didnt even look appetizing
4	Nestled in the great area of Southpark in a small strip of stores near the mall lies Bricktops. This was actually my second visit, but its been probably almost a year since my first.  The atmosphere is great, and the staff always seem to be on top of things. The menu is a tad bit pricey but the food always seems to be worth it.  I had the Parmesan Crusted Chicken which came with rice, and included a side of vegetables, and I got the Cauliflower (which I highly recommend).  Very yummy!!!  Definitely recommend this place for a nice dinner for two or even with a group of friends!!!
4	One of my favorites in Charlotte. Try the avacado and crab meat salad, it is a winner. Love the restaurant design, quiet, comfortable and wonderful service. The acoustics are great, allows for nice conversation.  all food items on the menu are excellent.
4	WOW!  the SoPa Cougars were right!!  This place is fantastic!  Was here Saturday for brunch.  Had the devilled eggs (comes with weird sugary bacon....not for me) but the eggs also come with spicy chili sauce - to die for!!  I had the crab salad, pretty pricey (I think it was 14-16 bucks) but was worth every penny.  Peach bellinis....need I say more.  My friend got a filet and wedge special, also awesome.  All ingredients are super fresh and presentation was gorgeous.  There is also a beautiful patio I cant wait to visit this summer.  Great decor, cozy but classy touches (the chandeliers in the bar could double as grasshopper galaxies.  Love it!
4	Yummy...a little shopping and then some dinner.  This is my neighbors favorite restaurant and after hearing her rant and rave about it - the boyfriend and I finally decided to stop on in.  it's conveniently located across from Southpark mall and has a lot of seating indoor and outdoor.The menu is American with a nice selection of seafood and beef.  Carpaccio is by far my favorite appetizer that exists and Bricktops did not disappoint the Filet Mignon was top notch.  I opted for a salad for my meal and was very pleased with my selection - lump crab meat, shrimp, avocados this girl could not have been happier.  Oh and I can't remember what night I went but they had $6 martini's - of course at that price how could I resist a dirty martini  with blue cheese stuffed olives oh yeah baby.Next stop I will try their brunch :)
4	This is one of my local favorites. I am pretty hard to please and 9 out of 10 times they do a great job. I went there for breakfast and they did not have sugar free syrup. The manager ask if I could wait and he would send someone to Harris Teeter after it. I said yes and he did it. I think they should keep it on hand but he sure impressed me with his desire to serve. Great place.
5	The food is always amazing. The Palm Beach Salad is a longtime favorite because it's fresh and consistent. Crab, avocado, red onion, tomato, lettuce. The French dip is the most delicious steak sandwich. This time we had the Margherita Pizza which is thin, crunchy and tasty and the bread pudding is DELICIOUS.
4	It's time for a Bricktop's update - and yes, while the stars are still the same I just had to offer some info about their brunch. Because...it.is.delicious. Yes, a friend of mine sang a pretty song about Bricktop's brunch and within days hubs and I flew over to this SouthPark staple for some goodness. Their brunchy menu is in similar style to their lunch and dinner menu - new American eclectic. Not only do they offer a make your own bloody mary bar, but they also host a variety of specialty drinks (think blood orange mimosas and bellinis by the carafe - NOM). I've eaten the same tasty dish both brunch visits - the French Toast. Big toasty brioche slices with sides of caramelized bananas, warm maple syrup, fresh whipped cream and crispy bacon. It's delicious not at all nutritious and heavy on the portion for $11. Also, if you're feeling quite indulgent check out the bite size homemade doughnut starter - 13 sugar doughnuts with three dipping sauces (raspberry, chocolate and vanilla cream). The brunch bill can get a bit out of hand here, especially when you start drinking your weight in mimosas, but it's worth it. Check it out!
5	Bricktop's is tucked away behind SouthPark Mall a block away from where you think it is. -- To wit: not behind Walgreen's. Any time I go west on Morrison from Sharon, I'm heading to the Mall and turn left before I get to 6401. Heaven forbid you should go to Bojangle's instead! (shudder!) I entered in the mood for a cheeseburger and I successfully resisted the temptation of a very good-looking menu.But oh! What a burger! I was told by our waiter that since they ground their own beef, I could get it close to the rare the nanny state won't allow us to have.It came to the table in like two minutes, dripping with hot, juicy deliciousness. So juicy, in fact, that it soaked the bun into a soggy, doughy mess. Halfway through, I discarded the remains of a once-crispy toasted bun and finished off the piece of cow with my fork.Friends, that cow died a noble death in a worthy cause.Even the humble French Fries were remarkably tasty. I'm a light eater and usually get two meals from any restaurant. Not this time. I almost whacked our waiter's knuckles when he politely reached to remove my plate. I was sitting, talking, sipping, and enjoying the feeling of being comfortably full, but still nibbling at my fries.Rita had the deviled eggs and sugar bacon. The eggs were good, but the bacon was de-freakin-licious!The drinks were strong and plentiful. My wife's favorite pet peeve is a Martini that only fills half the glass. A cheap bar will short you two thirds of a drink that way. Any place that serves you a third of a Martini is probably cheating you other ways, too. This one was full to the brim and frosted.My rum and Coke was strong enough to rise up and walk across the table by itself. The well liquors are good, too. No need to call.Our servers, trainer and trainee, were never more than a glance away. As he walked through the dining area, his eyes would track right and left. We were always able to catch his eye. I hate giving five stars! I really do. But they didn't do anything wrong!I'll be back to give them a chance to lower their score. That's fair . . . right?
5	wow its my place now to take my wife for lunch amazing food...
4	So my parents were in town this weekend and I now realize where my indecisive nature comes from as we debated FOREVER about where to go on fathers day. It had to be close to my grandmothers ....dad wanted a big portion (as I prefer small plates so we did a lot of that for the majority of the weekend) ...and mom is super picky in the food department.We finally decided on South Park and after circling for quite some time we let my dad make the executive decision. My dad walked into our first stop (Bricktops) and noticed the cranking AC and Prime rib and decided this would be our eating destination. I had a salad and the pr special and felt both were pretty delicious considering how hungry I was. The twice baked potato had enough salt, butter, and cheese to qualify it as heart-attack inducing but tasty none-the-less! We spoiled ourselves and had dessert, I really enjoyed the chocolate chip cookie sundae thing and the key lime pie garnered rave reviews from the rest of the table. Service was really great, I must say. Our server was on top of everything and made great recommendations. Considering how busy it was I was impressed. Clean, beautiful, bright food ...it is not. Stuff your face on fathers day ...it is. I'm not sure id go back on my own but I wouldn't be against having another one of those twiced baked potatoes (following a long gym session!)
5	Fantastic Food and Service - Need to know who to ask for if you want great service (you know what that means!  Should I name the great ones?)Prime Rib (Ordered "as RARE as Possible!!!  Served as rare as possible...  Every Time!!!) with raw Horseradish - PERFECT!!!  Not not look at my photos if you are _____ ish about Blood and Bones!Bread - Being very smart Bricktop's gets there bread from Nova's Bakery!Ribs - Almost every time I get Baby back Pork Ribs - Bricktop's makes them Perfectly!BBQ Sauce for a simple sauce this one is very good!Fries - One of My favorite places to get Fries!  BBQ Sauce - Excellent!!!Dessert - Keylime Pie with a Thick Macadamia and I think Graham Cracker Crust - The BEST Keylime Pie I have ever eaten!!!  One of the Best Desserts in Charlotte!
4	Do you remember Manzetti's? It is now a mediocre taco joint, but Manzetti's, in its glory days (before the waitresses were wearing hot pants and belly shirts) was my family's go-to place for reliable, consistently delicious food. Nothing TOO fancy, but a nice meal, nonetheless. Sadly, Manzetti's closed. And that is where Bricktop's falls into place. It has become a default, your old buddy, arm around the shoulder kind of place. I have truly never ordered or tasted anything from this menu that wasn't good. I am partial to the artichoke appetizer. Some might call me a forager-I'll take it. Served with melted butter and an aoili sauce. But the leaves are perfectly seasoned alone! You can't go wrong with any of their salads (ahi tuna, peanut chicken, crab/avocado). They are so flavorful and leave you with just enough room to split the Tollhouse cookie dessert served in a cast iron skillet. This is the best dessert in Charlotte and I don't care what anyone else says. You do have to ask for bread, but ask for it! It's heated to order and so good! I have tried several other entrees and I just can't say a negative thing. The blue cheese burger, the steak frites, trout amandine, salmon, thin and crispy flatbread. Brunch is a stand out as well. The deviled eggs with sugared bacon. Yes. A variety of eggs benny, my boyfriend's favorite Chicken and Waffles (whoever said that crispy fried chicken and sweet maple syrup don't go together is a liar). Atmosphere is a bit like a fancy Applebee's, but it's what's on the inside that counts, right?!
4	Stopped into Bricktop's for lunch one day so that I could use a gift card I had won.  Had never been, but a gift card is as good a reason as any.We arrived at around 12:30pm on a weekday and here's your first pro-tip:  Dress smart.  We were all wearing jeans and we stuck out like a sore thumb.  Definitely more a business casual-type place.We had to wait approx. ten minutes to be seated, but when we were, we were greeted warmly by our waitress.  She took our drink orders and gave us a run-down of the specials.  My co-worker and I decided on the fish tacos, while another co-worker went with the beef/mashed potato/carmelized onion flatbread.  It took about 15 minutes or so for our food to arrive, and while waiting, I checked out the jukebox.  It. Is. Awesome.  I queued up some MJ, Coldplay, Oasis, Verve, Bruce, Frank Sinatra, and Billy Joel.  Our food arrived and we dug in.  Two tacos came two to an order and the fish of the day (and everyday) was mahi-mahi.  The tacos were really tasty.  The spicy salsa was right on and there was some decent brown rice on the side.  My flatbread co-worker enjoyed her pizza, but found it to be a tad salty.For dessert, we decided on the cookie.  Delicious.  And now I know why they keep it in the skillet (if they took it out, it would just ooze everywhere).Bricktop's is a little outside of my normal price-range.  While the tacos were good, I don't know that they were $14.00 good.  On the other hand, I think that dessert is worth the $7.00.  I'll come back, but it will be a special occasion.  And rest assured, I will be kickin' out the jams on the jukebox!
5	Ok so I first went here when a friend of mine started working here......would've never tried it otherwise. But wow I was surprised how good it was! American food....how boring! But everything I've ever had had been wonderful and my son who is very picky loves It too......and he orders the salmon ....not exactly kid fare and the only place he will eat it! Anyway....awesome martinis with house made infused vodkas. I've had the flat bread,all the salads, and brunch and it is excellent. Service is always spot on and that is hard to come by. A pleasant surprise!
5	I visited Bricktop's located in the upscale Southpark area of Charlotte for the first time last night with a few coworkers. Based upon this single experience, I think I'm in love.  :)The restaurant was crowded despite it being a weeknight. I was impressed with the service provided and absolutely loved the food. I experienced the deviled eggs and sugar bacon that previous reviewers raved about. Their analyses were not in vain. Additionally, I had the prime rib and twice baked potato for my dinner entree. The steak was cooked perfectly and the potato required no modification of spice/dressings. The restaurant is moderately priced, with most entrees in the upper teens and twenty's. However, the drinks are a bit pricey. I ordered a pineapple martini for $10. It was good, but not great... at least not for the price.Overall, I give this place a rare 5 thumbs up!  :)
5	I just want to reiterate how out of this world delicious the Tollhouse Cookie dessert is.  So good that my boyfriend and I must always ask for a knife to cut it down the middle as to avoid any debate on who stole the last bite!  Tears could get involved people...
4	I polled a few people and everyone agreed: Bricktop's sounds like a pizza place.  Having never been to Bricktop's, we decided to give it a try this past Saturday evening.  It was nicely decorated inside with a modern, upscale vibe, but comfortable enough that you could still dress casual (but not too casual).  We didn't have a reservation, but we were seated within 10-15 minutes.  The menu is basically "American" food; there didn't appear to be any other theme to it.  We started out with the deviled eggs and sugar bacon appetizer, only because it sounded unique and certainly not something you see every day on a menu.  The eggs were good, but nothing special about them.  The sugar bacon was basically dessert for us.  Wow.   Tasty, but oh-so-sweet.  None of the entrees -- basic steaks, chicken, fish -- really jumped out at me, so I went with the Ahi Tuna Burger.  It was quite a fabulous sandwich, topped with a ginger dressing slaw (lettuce, carrots; no cabbage thankfully).  It was full of flavor, and I enjoyed every bite.  I chose fries as my side item, and they were thin slices of fried potato with a delicious coating.  I enjoyed them, too!It was a good dinner experience and I'd recommend it for people who like a great meal but don't like anything too crazy food-wise.  I'd call it a nice "meat and potatoes"-type restaurant.
2	The food was good, but the service was definitely substandard for a $22 per plate meal.  Management made up for it, for which we were appreciative.  However, anytime management is summons to the table, it's not a good dining experience.
4	Been here a couple times and both times were lunch.  I just recently was turned onto the Palm Springs salad by my all knowing girlfriend and OMG, it was perfect...plain and simple.  I know I will end up burning that dish out because that's how I do but I don't care.  Nothing else on the menu can likely compare.  I do however enjoy their flat bread pizza but this salad is the perfect portion and calorie for me.  Great service and good food takes Bricktop's to The Top of my lunch place spots.
4	I have been to Bricktops many times and have ordered many different dishes.  My favorite is their Veggie Burger!  Not expected at a place like this, but their Veggie Burger Rocks!The chicken fingers are light and crispy. Their fries are thin strips of crunchy goodness! The ribs are tender and juicy. I could go on....The only negative is their pour.  Perhaps because it was Wednesday Martini Special Night, but their pour was very weak.  Also, I asked for Cointreau and received triple sec - huge flavor difference to those who know.Never the less, I still give Bricktop's a 4 star as their food is always good!
4	Visited here twice.  Great service both times.  They have some really exceptional entrees. The side dishes were not as stellar but still good. Listen and Listen well..... the BREAD PUDDING is exceptional( the desire to eat it sparked my second visit).  Great alcholic drinks-pricey but strong!
2	My fish tacos were pretty good but overpriced for the two small tacos and spoonful of rice. My friend got the crab salad - it was tiny. Our waitress was not the best. She forgot the silverware - even after we got our salads. Had to ask twice for salad dressing. The girl that was filling up water glasses was trying to be cute but was just unbelievably rude. Next time I will go to Firebirds. On the plus side - the place is nicely decorated.
4	We randomly decided to check out Bricktop's last Sunday as a last minute plan since we had to hit up the mall for some Christmas shopping.  I have been meaning to try them out for awhile but just seem to forget about it!Anyway, we were there during brunch hours and the menu was fabulous, not to mention the plates of fluffy french toast and waffles that we saw passing by our table...BUT, we didn't go with a typical brunch.  We both ordered burgers.I don't feel like I have earned the right to review this restaurant since we ordered burgers only...no apps, no dessert, no drinks, nothing special.  BUT--I HAD to give a shout out to the burgers at this joint.  I had the veggie burger and it was a DELIGHT!  It was by far the BEST veggie burger I have ever had.....and I have had a TON of them.  The waitress told us they make everything fresh in house and it was so obvious.  The veggie burger had such flavor and it was so moist!  It was falling apart a little bit but I didn't really mind because it was so good!  It was served with their french fries which were thin cut and very good as well.  My husband ordered their cheeseburger and he put it on the list of his top 3 burgers ever!  He has several dives he goes to in NY for a good burger so the fact that this burger made his top 3 list is truly amazing and speaks volumes for this restaurant. I CANNOT wait to go back and try more of their menu items because if they are getting the burgers right then I am hopeful that other things will be amazing!!!!
4	Great place for consistent lunch and dinner meals.  Comfortable setting with efficient and attentive wait staff
2	Came here after work for a quick bite to eat at the bar with a buddy.  3 things stood out - none of them good.1.  Don't be different in serving gin & tonic.  Served gin & tonic is a regular water glass, which was taller and narrower than what I'm used to drinking G&T out of--also regular straw dropped right in.  Looked like a sprite with a lime, if you ask me.2.  Time the food service appropriately.  Enjoying the blue wedge salad for appetizer and didn't really get a chance to finish it because the main course arrived 6 minutes later... they had no awareness or were trying to rush us out of there.  Really disappointing that they tried to actively usher people out of there--more so when we're sitting at the bar.  3.  TUNA AHI BURGER SHOULD NOT BE MADE TUNA SCRAPS.  What a terrible, terrible menu item.  It was not a clean steak of tuna meat, rather, it was a TUNA PATTY.  I can appreciate that it was seared and raw, ONLY IF IT WAS TUNA STEAK.  How are you gonna use the leftover tuna scraps, make it into a patty, and only sear it?  It's very awkward item to eat overall--I'm pretty sure anyone that's had the tuna ahi burger here will not be getting it again.  It's more of a trap, in my opinion, where guests that order it "fell for the trick".  I will not be returning here.  If you are planning on going, then: (1) prepare to eat quickly; and (2) don't order the tuna ahi burger.  dmo out.
3	Just got here, still very busy. Our booth still very wet from being cleaned, both seats and table. When hostess was informed, instead of just wiping it down she began to justify the condition by stating it was clean. Had to wait for drink orders. Not impressed with Svc thus far. Martini seemed to lack alcohol & it's $10. Had to wait fairly long for food. When it arrived it was hot and very tasty. Kudos for flavor except for sauteed spinach; garlic overload. My burger while very good was overdone. Our server who was very pleasant comped the burger when he discovered it was not as I ordered. He did so without me requesting it. I will go back, but service really needs to consider the customer more.
5	First time my wife and I had been to Bricktops...really enjoyed it!  We both had the ribs (they had been recommended) and they were very tender and tasteful.  Had the chocolate chip cookie dessert and it was fabulous!!  Also had the key lime pie but wasn't crazy about it.  The crust was a bit too dry with a strong nut flavor.
3	Good solid steak and burger and good salads american fare.  I wish there were some inventive menu items- its a pretty run of the mill menu but very good solid food.  great desserts and the grilled artichoke is delic! If they spiced up the menu a little it would be a solid 4 stars.
5	This week is Queen's Feast in Charlotte which is one of our best attributes as a city. Bricktop's QF menu is well thought out and generous. The "extra item - i.e. the addition to the QF" is scallops with polenta and asparagus - very, very good. I ordered the steak frites which is my usual selection at Bricktop's. I love the skinny french fries: THE BEST. My dessert selection was the bread pudding with cream and caramel sauce. I had to bring that home because the rest of the meal was quite adequate!
4	Great brunch! I love the smoked salmon app at brunch and the donut holes. Must try! And the carafe of champagne is delish! But don't get a mimosa unless you want lots of pulp in it. Also they have a really cool make your own bloody mary bar!
3	Had brunch here a couple of weeks ago and I was not very impressed with the food on this visit.  The restaurant itself is very nice, cozy and clean and the service was just great.  We ordered the blackened fish tacos, grilled chicken sandwich, and a kid's meal and everything was just 'ok'.  I guess I was looking for more as I've heard lots of good things about this place and it's no doubt popular as they were overflowing with folk trying to get in......perhaps I'm missing something so I will give them another try at some point.
4	I've always been a fan of Bricktop's and their food... It wasn't until this past Sunday that I went there for brunch. It was fantastic! The handmade mini donuts were insanely good and the waffle was delicious. Everything seems so fresh here. It's a little pricey but if you're willing to treat yourself definitely check out Bricktop's... Brunch or dinner you can't go wrong!
4	Go for the brunch. The sugar bacon and Chicken & waffles are unbelievable.
5	Great atmosphere,awesome waitresses, and superior food!! Eating on the patio is best place
5	On the way between Sarasota and Cape Cod.  Found BrickTops on Yelp. Really great place with exceptional service. Wife had the prime rib and i had the ahi tuna burger. Food was excellent.  Somewhat  similar to a Houstons. Will stop again next time near Charlotte.Owners: Need to build one in Sarasota
1	3 strikes and out. Tried it 3 times. Food has been mediocre to bad. Way overpriced
3	Best for happy hour or later for drinks.
5	This has to be one of the top restaurants in Charlotte. The food is always great and the staff is on point every time we dine here. (We sit at the bar almost every time). The Bar staff is friendly and if we go to SouthPark we can count on a great time at Bricktops.
3	Pretty good/consistent fare but a touch expensive for one notch above average food.  $16-$20 salads are a bit much. Steak Frites were good but not great.
1	This place is the worst ever restaurant ever and I had a huge bug I'm my salad. The waiter didn't care at all and neither did the manager! The restrooms haven't been cleaned in months and there are cockroaches everywhere. I wouldn't take my worst enemy to this shit hole. Do yourself a favor and go Taco Bell!
5	Best in Southpark.... Just sayin...
4	Amazing place! I must start by saying that the Rosemary Grapefruit Soda there is the  BEST SODA I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!!!! I recommend it to any and everyone! The atmosphere is nice, not very french ( and I've been to france). There are big bottles of Veuve Clicquot in the front when you walk in, very inticing. The first time I visited, i went for lunch. I take a late lunch ( around 2 pm) and they were still a little busy and a little slow. But my waitor was great and I scored some free fries! They were great, "skinny', just the way I like them. I ordered the roasted chicken (half chicken) wich was about 16$ and I ate on it for days. It was seasoned well and juicy. The jus was sooooo good. I had spinach as my side which had a smokey flavor to it and parmasean (I think). My lunch guest had the salmon with spincah...Amazing, flavorful, and moist. The second time I visited was for brunch. Saldy, they were out of blood orange mimosas. So I opted for the Rosemary Grapefruit soda. Amazing choice. We started with the donuts that came with three dipping sauces. Chocolate, Raspberry, and Creme Anglaise (my fav!). They were delicious!! I ordered the French Toast with caramelized bananas, whipped cream and a side of bacon. Huge portion!! My guest orded Steak and Eggs, she said it was cooked perfectly. And of course we had frites!!! I will definitely be visiting this place again.
5	I loved the food here as did everyone else I was with.  We ordered a few appetizers-the deviled eggs, pizzas, etc.  Everything was delicious!! The bacon that came on the side with the deviled eggs was to die for! I ordered the ahi tuna salad and I ate every single bite.  It was perfect--light and refreshing.  The tuna was seared to perfection!! Everyone was happy with their food as well--ranging from steaks to lamb to other salads.  The wines we ordered were delicious as well!  The service was excellent :)
5	Went for mid-week lunch and was impressed how many waitstaff on hand. Host was very friendly. Order put in quickly and food served promptly. Drink refills a little slower than preferred, but everything else very good. Will return!
3	After making a call-in reservation, we waited 45 minutes on a Saturday night..not bad in my opinion.  During our wait we enjoyed a drink at the bar and was seated at a nice table in the dinner room.  To start we ordered the Grilled Artichokes and a Ceaser Salad, both great, and split the Crab Cake and Trout entrees.  Let me say they were both amazing.  However, without a doubt, the best crab cake I have had in Charlotte...no filler, just whte lump crab meat.  Amazing!  Although we had a very loud neighbor the waitstaff was attentive, service great, and the food well worth it.  Definitely check it out!
2	This place used to be good, but has really gone downhill. The last time we went there, we had to send back three things because they were wrong or just plain bad. Too bad because this used to be the closest thing to Houston's in Charlotte.
4	I always forget about this place and don't know why because I've always had good experiences here.  Went here last night with a group and tried almost every appetizer and they were all excellent.   They have a great bar and the "outdoor" patio area (which was closed in and heated) is a good place for a group to eat apps.  The waiters were always available and speedy getting drinks and food and were also patient with our large and loud group.
5	Been back again since my fairly recent review. Took my husband this time. I have four words for you: Get the deviled eggs.I also got the veggie burger again. It was just as good. But seriously folks, the deviled eggs with bacon crumbles on top may be the best eggs I've ever had.
4	Overall good food, albeit can be on the salty side if you are not careful (soup and tortilla chips), but they deserve recognition for their service and customer interaction.  After receiving the wrong order for takeout, we were invited back to correct the mistake, our credit card was credited, and they emailed us a $25 gift card to welcome us back.  This is a restaurant that is working hard to make their customers happy and with good food, we'll be back!
5	For the longest time, I was under the impression that Bricktops was a pizza joint, albeit one of those "upscale" ones where they smother your wood-fired pizza with food stuffs that simply don't belong on a pizza. Salmon? Are you kidding me? But I was mistaken, and gladly so. I was pleasantly surprised with Bricktops upon my first visit, and I've been there 3 times since. And each time I've eaten at Bricktops, my dining experience has been better than the previous time. My first time, I popped my cherry there with a cheeseburger. I figure if you can't screw up a cheeseburger, then you're likely to know what you're doing in the kitchen. Bricktops passed this test with flying colors. One of the best cheeseburgers in town, no joke, and complimented pleasantly with a very generous serving of shoestring fries. First visit, color me impressed.Second time around, my family and I dined there on New Year's Eve. A bit of trepidation surrounded my dining experience at first; I've been to several NYE dine-ins that have been nothing short of awful because of the importance of the holiday and a stunning lack of planning on a restaurant's management's part. But not at Bricktops. Reservations were honored without fail, our meal prepared with the utmost attention to detail and taste, and our waiter was very friendly and attentive, despite the buzz and the clamor in the air. I opted for the Parmesan Crusted Chicken, which was wonderful. Nothing beats chicken so tender you can fork it. My wife chose a New York Strip, Pittsburgh style, which she thought was very delicious. I sampled a couple of bites. Unbelievably tasty. My daughter loved her salmon and noodles, and for eating her plate clean, she was rewarded with a bowl of vanilla ice cream. Not just frozen, store-bought ice cream, but fresh-churned ice cream, the vanilla tasting of real vanilla bean. I can't say who enjoyed this more, my daughter or me.Last visit there, I chose the veggie burger. Pardon my french, but HOLY SHIT, that is one spectacular veggie burger! Listen, just run there right now and try it. I guarantee you will not be disappointed.A word about the Deviled Eggs & Sugared Bacon: what you've heard about this sinful delicacy is true. You can't just eat them. You find yourself DEVOURING them. Order a plate for you and your sweetie, and a fight for the last strip of bacon and the last sliced egg may break out, and it's gonna get ugly. So order two plates, one for you and one for him/her. Your relationship will be the better for it.After 3 visits - and possibly a fourth coming this weekend - I can easily make the claim that Bricktops has become my favorite, go-to eatery in the Queen City, replacing my one-beloved 131 Main.
4	It is pretty good, but a bit over rated and also slightly overpriced. The deviled eggs are talked up a lot. They are good, but they are deviled eegs. The only thing that makes them special is the Sugar Bacon.  I had lunch there and the tuna sandwich was good, but it was served with a run of the mill hamburger bun. Really ... You couldn't have done better than a lame bun?
4	The Lobster Bisque is possibly one of the best soups I have ever had in my life. It is not always on the menu, so when you see it, get it. It is crazy delicious.
2	I've always been a fan of Bricktops however this visit was problematic. Prices have really gone up since my last visit. One of the appeals for me was I felt dining there was a real value. Now, not as much.I visited the bar so I could take out. I ordered roasted chicken  which is my favorite menu item. During this visit I asked for an extra helping of vegetables instead of the potatoes. The bartender told me they wouldn't sub a green vegetable for potatoes. She said potatoes were a garnish.... and she had to charge for 2nd vegetable. A garnish? Really? I left with the impression that she just didn't want to deal with my simple request.
4	Had not eaten here in years, BF knows some servers there so we went... it was excellent. We were there on Sunday around 430ish so it was very quiet.. BF has sushi (I dont eat) he said it was amazing... we also did a 1/2 of the deviled eggs and 1/2 candied bacon... both were good, bacon was a little much but it was something different to try. We also split the pizza with the beef, cant remember since its been a bit if it was short rib pizza? It was good, felt like it could have used a little less cheese and some sort of sauce... maybe a drizzle of BBQ on the top and that would have really kicked it up. I would definately go back and bring friends who had never tired... was delish!
5	Made a reservation for Sunday brunch and went in pretty skeptical judging by some of the reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. We ordered the donuts for appetizer and it turned out the donut machine was having problems which was disappointing BUT the manager came by and said they would bring them to our table as dessert and it was on the house. Now that is the way to handle a restaurant issue. I digress, we ordered the french toast (three huge pieces with delicious caramelized bananas), eggs benedict, and shrimp and grits. They were all incredible. My only complaint is that we had to wait a while for the food but it was well worth it. Delicious meal.
5	Bricktops does not disappoint!   I have been here twice within the last year, and I ordered the same thing each time:  Chicke fingers!!  Why?  Because they are the best in town!  Breaded to perfection, light and fluffy on the outside and juicy on the inside.   My side of sauteed spinach for both visits was awesome too!  Love  BTS location in the heart of SouthPark with a great patio, and welcoming decor.  Service is always top notch and good looking if I must confess!  Both of my recent visits were with large parties and the service never waivered each time.
5	Awesome food. Awesome service. It worthwhile experience. Will come back
4	I have lived in Charlotte for 15 years and was shocked that I had never been here.  This is a very nice place for lunch.  I have been twice in a month and found the service to be warm and professional and the food to be excellent.  I'm sure the dinner menu is a bit different so I'm anxious to try it soon, too.  So far, they have some of the best fish and chips I've found.
1	This was my first time at Bricktops, and let's just say I wasn't impressed given that I had high expectations from reading other reviews. From the moment I sat down, I didn't feel welcome. The food was mediocre at best, but it's their service that killed it for me.  Not once were we ever checked upon and asked how our food was nor were we offered a refill of our water.  If you're looking for pretentious waiters and managers who look down at their customers, I suppose this is the place for you.
5	Brick Tops is my go-to place!! Right around the corner from where I live, my family loves to drive (or even walk) over for a relatively inexpensive, delicious meal. Last night, my sister and I  treated ourselves to the  grilled artichoke to start and then, per usual, I ordered the fish tacos. The blackened fish of the day was Mahi Mahi and paired with fresh guacamole, white cheddar and brown  rice, they were amazing. There is pretty much nothing on the menu that I wouldn't recommend. The people are super friendly and the service is speedy.
4	I have a lot of friends that rave about Bricktop's and I had never been, so recently when I found myself in SouthPark around lunch time, I decided to meet a friend there.  I was worried because there were a lot of people milling around the hostess stand when I arrived.  However, I was able to get a table right away. I ordered the Ahi Tuna salad which consisted of seared rare Ahi tuna, mixed greens, red onion, fresh mango and a citrus vinaigrette. At $17 for lunch, this is not a cheap salad, but it was good.  Our service was fine on this visit, and while I doubt I would go out of my way to come here frequently, I would certainly eat here again if I happened to be in the neighborhood.
4	I was referred to Bricktops by a friend of mine who swore by their build-your-own Bloody Mary bar.  The brunch date me and Bryan went on here was somewhat of a disappointment in that area, as they stopped doing it the week before.  Also, remember if you go on a Sunday you cannot order am adult beverage until 12:00 pm..... We were at our table for an hour and a half!  Our poor server! I will say, I had the chicken and waffles and they were outrageously good! My first experience with that Southern goodness dish...... I was impressed with Bricktops but haven't made it back after my first visit.  I will say if you go, go early! It gets packed by the family-churchgoers :)
5	This is a 4.75 star review.  I have had lunch and dinner at Bricktop's many times and have never been disappointed.  Please be aware however, I do not stray far from a few favorites on the menu.  Their veggie burger is the best I have had in Charlotte.  Their chicken tenders are also the best (no, I am not a 7 year-old child.)  Their salads, soup specials, and vegetable features are also top notch.  The deviled eggs and sugar bacon appetizer are VERY popular and delicious.  Where I dropped the review 0.25 stars is for price.  The restaurant is not the least expensive for lunch; BUT, in Southpark, nothing is inexpensive.  Parking availability is limited in front of the restaurant and additional parking is available throughout the retail area.Where I am most impressed with Bricktop's is their service.  Granted, I am a regular, but I have always appreciated the teamwork of the professional servers.  It takes a village and Bricktop's has well-trained the Team to help each other.
3	Great lunch and brunch! Delicious coffee, donuts and chicken and waffles.
4	Deviled egg app with a side of sugared bacon was delicious!  We crumbled thebacon & sprinkled it on the egg. Yum!  I had their signature chicken dish which was tasty but unevenly seasoned. It was blackened, which I liked, but one bite would besalty & the next very peppery. A side of creamed spinach was good but rather rich. Hubby had fresh fish which was fine (I thought it a little plain) and my daughter had blacked tuna which she loved. We enjoyed sitting outside. I wanted to stroll around in the surrounding shops afterward but was surprised they closed at 7pm.
3	I stopped in with my wife for lunch.  This was my first time dining at Bricktop's (just moved to Charlotte from Chicago).  My overall score for Bricktop's is 3.5.Wedge Salad: 4.  Very good, I liked the chopped raw onion touch.  They even split it for us, no hassle.BBQ Chicken Flatbread: 3.  Solid flavors.  They use cream cheese on it, which I didn't mind, but a few pieces had a little too much of it.Veggie Flatbread: 4.  Good Mediterranean flavors, I preferred this to the BBQ Chicken Flatbread.Ambience/Space:  3.5.  Casual & very comfortable.  They also have a nice outdoor patio under a canopy that would be great on cooler days/nights.  Service: 3. The employees were pleasant when dealing with us, but I sort of got the feeling they didn't want to be there.  Understandable, considering it was Labor Day.  No one enjoys having to work on holidays.Side note: A waiter walked by with some sushi rolls that looked very good.  Will probably give them a try next time I visit Bricktop's.
5	We had Japanese earlier in the evening, but I knew that I was going to be hungry again. We were staying across the street and the parking lot was full, so one of these restaurants has to be the draw. We sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome! She even heard me when I told my partner that the drink was too sweet and offered to fix it. I ordered the chicken strips as I didn't want a full dinner. That and I thought everything was a bit pricy. not for the quality of food that is presented to you! The strips were juicy, plump and crispy. But not greasy. And there were 8 huge pieces. the shoestring fries were golden and cooked to perfection. Now the slaw was in a world of it's own. Thinking that this is the best I have ever had. Creamy but not to spicy and crunchy. Yum, yum! Of course when I saw the huge slice of key lime pie my friend had. I had to get my own. (There will be no touching the dogs bowl in this group) The atmosphere was delightful, as well as the service. Great find!
5	Wandering about trying to find a place to have a drink and this was the winner. Nice big bar and opened up to the outdoor patio. Very nice and inviting. The place was crowded and I order my standard dirty martini. Bartender Sasha was right on, my tini was made to perfection. She gave us a menu and things did seem pricey but on par with most others. I just felt like drinking and had a 2nd when I spotted the Key Lime Pie and had to have a piece. They brought out this huge piece of pie and I was a happy boy. The first bite made me even happier. It was a case of come near me or touch this pie and we will have issues. Delicious. Between my martini and the pie it was perfect evening. Next time I may have to try some food, but I will have my pie first! Great service, nice atmosphere a must stop.
4	We went for dinner on a Thursday night. Very good food and service. Great crab cakes- fresh and not full of breading; it actually consisted of real fresh crabmeat!The ribs were delicious and falling off the bone. Full of flavor. Will definitely be back and recommend to others.
3	After all the great reviews I guess I expected a little more but it didn't happen. The atmosphere is nice, relaxing, very country club-ish and so were the people on the day we were there. Everyone else was over 50 and it seemed like that kind of crowd. There was no background music playing, which was very noticeable. The wait staff were very good, friendly, cheerful and quick. The menu looked delicious but the prices really didn't. My wife had the ahi tuna burger which was just the, ground up ahi tuna with fillers for $16. I had the French Dip sandwich which was good (but also $16) and the au jus had the distinct taste of butter. So much so that I thought the pasted baguette was buttered but it wasn't.I don't think we'll be back. But hopefully other people will enjoy it. It just wasn't for us.
4	Great brunch! Started with the donut appetizer - the vanilla, chocolate and raspberry dipping sauces are great - but the donuts are also delicious without any sauce. I ordered the crab benedict and my husband ordered the chicken and waffle. As soon as noon rolled around the bartender brought out my Bloody Mary. I was disappointed that the only garnish was a lemon wedge, I'm a big fan of traditional (and creative) Bloody Mary toppings. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the mix (not sure if it's homemade.) My husband enjoyed his chicken and waffle, but had to remove a huge melting pond of butter from the middle of the waffle. My crab benedict was fantastic as well, well poached eggs atop an English muffin (homemade?) with a generous pile of lump crabmeat. I especially liked the hollandaise sauce which was particularly lemony, which complemented the crabmeat well. The roasted potatoes that came with the meal were perfectly cooked, soft insides and crispy outside with great seasoning. The food was a little on the pricey side, so we won't be regulars, but it was a terrific meal. Our server was a bit too nonchalant and actually left the wrong table's check with us at first, but everything came out as we ordered it and the food was delicious, so we'll overlook it.
5	I love going to bricktops for brunch on Sundays. The chicken and waffles are so good. They are seasoned well. They also have good potatoes for brunch
5	Never heard of the place so me and my wife decided to go there last night and I have to say it was awesome. We both loved the deviled egg w/the sugar bacon. My wife does't usually eat bacon but she loved it. The prices are reasonable with what they give b/c i order ribs and they never asked me if i wanted a half or full, they gave me a full rack. The chocolate chip cookie desert was awesome. I recommend going to this place.
2	Not impressed at all! First there was a 20 minute wait to sit on the heated patio so we opted to sit at the bar. We started with spinach artichoke dip which was bland and boring for 10.00. The bartender was ok she dint ask if it was good or not and after two bites I decided not to waste my calories. Next I ordered the lobster roll figuring what was the special had to be good. My husband had a crab salad with shrimp and avocado. When my lobster roll arrived it was on a hamburger bun???? With sesame seeds? The lobster was ok blah completely not quality of 19.00 no one asked if it was ok.  I ate half and she took my plate. My husband salad had so much avocado and hardly any lettuce. I definitely will not waste 60.00 for lunch here again. What a bad choice!
5	I almost hate giving out a big ol' 5 star review based on one visit, but I don't mind giving a low rating on one visit, so turnabout is fair play!The fella and I took our first trip to BrickTop's on a Wednesday night; the main reason we went was because they were one of the few places NOT doing Restaurant Week.  We made an 8:00 pm reservation and were greeted and seated right away when we got there at 7:50.The place was a little more fancy than we'd expected; it felt like a 131 Main or Vine to me with the dark wood, gauzy lighting fixtures overhead, and numerous booths.  We had a view of the bar from where we sat, and it looked pretty inviting and a little swanky.Our waitress was prompt, engaging and friendly.  We started with the deviled egg & sugar bacon appetizer ($10), which was good, but not as great as I expected.  The sugar bacon was super chewy, but the eggs were good - almost sweet as opposed to vinegary like most deviled eggs.  I can't knock off points on the bacon though because... well, it's bacon.  For dinner, I got the Parmesan crusted chicken ($22) with lemon butter sauce and capers and a baked potato for my side, and the fella got the prime meatloaf (which was more like a large cone of delicious meat) and a side of the Cinderella whipped potatoes ($22).  The chicken was the best thing I've eaten in a loooong time with a buttery, delicious sauce, and then I tried the meatloaf.  Then THAT was the best thing I'd eaten.  The fella and I usually like to play "who got the best dish," and I'm pretty sure it was a tie at BrickTop's.With an appetizer, bottle of wine, and two entrees, our total bill WAS a little pricey ($90ish + tip), but I don't mind paying to get a really good meal and service, and that's what we got.
5	This place is great!! My favs are ahi Tuna salad, Cobb  salad, yummy salmon, ribs & beef carpaccio (when available). On Sundays the homemade donuts are a total hit. My fav servers are James & Boggy!!!
3	Tried this place out for brunch this past weekend with the parentals. Very warmly greeted when first entered and given a table immediately (we had reservations but you never know how those will go HAHA). Anyway, our server was very nice. They were pretty busy as it was a Sunday morning and we had a bit of a delay with the food. We tried the guac and salsa appetizer and it was really good. I had a blueberry waffle with fruit but the waffle comes warm and had a lot of butter on it which I tried to remove (I didn't want it too soggy) but it still got the middle of the waffle pretty soggy. It also didn't come with syrup so I had to ask for that separate but that was no big deal. My sister got one of the salads but mentioned that it was soggier than usual (with dressing) and she thought it was only so-so. We tried the doughnuts for dessert and they were covered in sugar so super sweet. Good idea though, who doesn't love dipping food in chocolate?!
3	Brunch was good but the proportions were small for the amount of money. I left feeling like I spent a fortune and didn't feel it was worth what I spent. Overall, the food is good and the donuts are to die for. I think this is a place to experience once, but I don't know if I would go back for the price.
4	Seriously, the deviled eggs with bacon crumbles on top may be the best I've ever had. The restaurant is in South Park, which is a really nice area of Charlotte.
4	Fancy restaurant that fits right in to the very spendy Southpark neighborhood. Starting with two hostesses to greet, a large and well decorated dining area, white table linen and three staffers to take care of our table (one who did nothing but refill water glasses). If you're looking to impress, this will get 'er done.We started with the goat cheese bruschetta which was more like a small goat cheese and veggie pizza as you'll see from the picture. Which isn't to say that it's not really really tasty and quite filling. You could easily have this as your main course.But we didn't. Today was a "salad" day. I went with the Cobb, my wife had their "Florida". Both were good portions of protein and were very flavorful. Interesting plating for the two salads. They must put them into a cylinder of some sort where they build the layers and then "flip" it onto the plate. It looks pretty.My only complaint is that while there was blue cheese in the salad, the dressing on the side was a balsamic and oil rather than a blue cheese dressing itself.$14 for the pizza... I mean bruschetta and $18 or so for each of the two salads. A little expensive for a late lunch but it was quite good and I'd recommend it.
4	Two words for this place: Deviled Eggs.This place is a zoo for lunch (haven't gone for dinner) with the south park business crowd. Nothing I've ever gotten here has been bad... the service is decent. I think the only beef I have with the restaurant is that they have dinner prices at lunch.
3	If you are rich, older, and live in South Park- you will love it and fit right in. Was that too much? Seriously, the food is decent and it packs a crowd but I am the only one here that thinks this place is overpriced? I was contemplating the chicken tenders with fries but priced at $18 I wondered if the waiter would cut it up and feed it to me as well. Sadly, he didn't so I settled for the burger which was cheaper. Price isn't an issue for me, I will spend the $$ on a good meal, but Bricktop's just doesn't justify it. For dessert I had the warm chocolate chip cookie a la mode. I love a good dessert! It was pretty large, but a little too chocolatey and why is there NEVER enough ice cream attached to a dessert? The ratio was 4:1 cookie to ice cream. :(The decor was nice with large booths and the place fills up quickly. If you look around to check out the clientele it is a lot of ladies who lunch with too much botox. I had to ask myself, where am I? If you plan a trip to your dermatologist's office soon and still have some cash to blow, stop by Bricktop's.
4	Sunday brunch met my expectations. The doughnut appetizer is served with a trio of sauces: raspberry, chocolate and creme anglaise. The doughnuts were really nice. My mom makes just as good or better, but these are still worth it. The Bel Air Benedict comes with a thick sliced tomato, a good amount of fresh avocado and a poached egg on an English muffin and topped with hollandaise. The hollandaise was a bit thick and not lemony enough for my taste, and the egg was cooked a little too much (most of the yellow was hard), but overall the combination of flavors worked.  The home fries served with the Benedict were salty and seasoned and crispy. The French Toast with caramelized bananas and maple syrup was the perfect sweet counterbalance to the Eggs Benedict. I appreciated that the syrup was real maple and the butter was real butter. (Sad how often that is not the case.) If possible, I recommend sharing 2 dishes to get the best of savory and sweet.
5	We made a reservation at Brick Tops for Queen's Feast.  The table was ready for us when we arrived early, our dining partners were held up in traffic and were 15 minutes late.  Restaurant Week is a busy time for many of the nice places in Charlotte, but we were treated to the superior service and fabulous food we have enjoyed in the past, even though it was Restaurant Week and they were very busy.  We were not rushed at all, the food was perfectly cooked and we had a relaxing and enjoyable meal.  PLUS, we could hear each other speak at the table.  We could actually have a conversation!  This is so rare today with all the restaurants doing nothing to quiet the sound.  I would pick Brick Tops any time we want a nice meal out with friends.  Absolutely loved it and so did our friends who had never been there.  I will sing their praises to anyone who will listen!
5	I'm not big on writing reviews but when you have a meal this superb it's hard not too! Everything I ate was absolutely fantastic, full of flavor and well worth any amount. Granted, I did dine during restaurant week which meant 4 courses for $30. But I would and will gladly come back as often as I can! The meal started with Tomato soup, followed by their sausage flatbread. Both were perfectly portioned and left me excited about what was next. The Ribs were fall off the bone tender, and sides of mac and creamed spinach were the perfect compliments. At this point were both stuffed and fully satisfied when the best looking skillet chocolate chip cookie EVER was sat in front of us. It's hard not to make room and it was worth every painful bite! Considering it was a very busy time for the restaurant our experience there did not suffer one bit. We arrived on time for our reservation and were immediately taken to our seats. Our server was on her game and they even worked as a team to ensure every guest needs were taken care of. If you had any doubts about this place before, hopefully I can ease your mind by saying go and experience this place for yourself. You won't regret it!
5	This restaurant is excellent! My husband and I went for restaurant week and we were not disappointed. All of the food was well prepared and presented nicely. I had the lobster bisque soup, artichoke and spinach dip and crab cakes and fries. My husband had the lobster bisque soup as well, sausage flatbread, and ribs. Neither one of is could pin point our favorite because everything was so great. The service was wonderful as well, everyone was friendly and our waiter was very attentive. The restaurant has a nice decor as well. I really like that fact that we were my rushed with our food. We had time to enjoy dish without the next one being brought out. I would definitely recommend this place and will be going back!
5	Best mac n cheese in Charlotte and best ahi tuna burger  ever.  The service was good and awesome bloody mary bar for Sunday brunch.
4	Let's start by saying YUM!! I've been here a few times and each time has been delicious!My first visit to Bricktops was last year during restaurant week and I was hooked! Unlike most restaurant during restaurant week, you can actually choose from any entree on the menu for the $30 price.The deviled eggs with sugar bacon appetizer changed my life! The sugar bacon is more like candied bacon...sweet, savory, and amazingly delicious! I could come here and only get the sugar bacon. I normally order the New York strip cooked medium which is prepared perfectly each time. The wait staff is friendly and attentive without being annoying.They lost a start because they're serving flat soda! My last visit I order a coke and sent it back twice. Finally I requested water and told the waitress the coke was flat. She replied with yeah, we've been having issues with that for a while now. For some reason she charged me $2.50 for a flat soda I didn't drink!! The waitress was apologetic about the soda charge and corrected the bill immediately.
4	went for brunch. donuts delicious, small bites made to order and with three different dippings (chocolate, strawberry, cream), popcorn shrimps nice and crispy but there were not "whole" shrimps inside, just small pieces. crab cakes Delicious, fresh, tasty, moist enough and well cooked outside. Fries were also Super good, the cut is the fine one, which is my favorite. The place is casual, large comfortable tables with sofa, diner style but more elegant.
4	Now THIS was a very pleasant surprise! I don't know why I expected a yucky chain restaurant. This was more "upscale" than I expected. In fact my date thought she was underdressed in her "designer sweatpants" but in reality she wasn't. LOL. I had on my staple shorts and T.....but on the "dressier" side...if that makes sense?We started with the Deviled Eggs and Sugar Bacon. GOD was that awesome! There was definitely a sugar component to the egg filling, and it matched perfectly with the sugar bacon which was scrumptuous.We both got a version of their supposedly FRESH Ahi Tuna, which the waitress said was flown in almost daily. Having lived on the West Coast I'm somewhat spoiled in what I expect out of Ahi Tuna. Well this was the real deal....as far as EAST Coast "fresh" Tuna goes. The quality was excellent, and the sear was perfect. Loved those sessame seeds on the oustside. My date's salad was very tasty as well, with the same tuna (albeit smaller in size).No wine today. Just water. But overall a really excellent dinner experience. I will definitely be coming back!
4	This is misleading. The price range for this restaurant should really be $$$ because everything was rather expensive. I looked this place up for brunch but we didn't get a brunch menu and it wasn't past noon yet. The food was excellent however, it is kind of an upscale restaurant which my husband and I weren't aware of and showed up in jeans and t shirts while everyone was definitely in business clothing. That was awkward but the staff was still nice to us even though we stuck out like a sore thumb.
5	Always consistent and the execution is on point.  The food and staff do not disappoint!!
4	Just dined here for the first time. It was near closing and man I gotta say I've never seen a staff clean more diligently. The deviled eggs with bacon are amazing. The bar staff was super attentive but not aggressive. Love the dim lights and overall vibe. Can't wait to try the prime rib meatloaf. My Cobb salad was amazing and the three cheese macaroni is to die for!
4	Very nice spot for both lunch and dinner. Nice atmosphere where one can dress either casual or dressy and feel like they fit in. The staff is great and we've always had good service. Rarely do we have a wait when we go, even on a weekend evening or Sunday brunch. Definitely recommend!
4	Wasn't exactly sure what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised at how good everything was.  The spinach dip was so good someone at the table was licking the bowl with her fingers.  I had the meat loaf with mac and cheese side; lets say its the best I've had at any restaurant ever! Someone in my group ordered the fish tacos and they were really rood but the kale salad, maybe not so much.We all were happy with our meals.  Thank you!
4	We went to Bricktop's for lunch and had reservations. We arrived a few minutes late, but we were immediately seated and everyone was very friendly, courteous and quick to accommodate our lunch party. Service - Definitely 5 stars! The waiters that attended to our table made sure we always had water filled, drinks being served and were very attentive to notice when someone was finishing up with their plate so it was quickly removed from the table. There was no pressure to order appetizers, dessert or anything if we didn't ask about it or want it.Food - A solid 5! We had the deviled eggs/bacon, the shrimp and the guacamole/chips for our appetizers. All were served very fresh, full of flavor and the portions were perfect for appetizers. For our entrees I had the meatloaf with twice baked potato, another person had the fish tacos with spinach and another had the salmon with creme spinach. All three entrees were definitely a hardy sized portion, our food was delivered in a timely manner and all were cooked properly and full of flavor.Parking - ZERO! Bricktop's is located across the street from SouthPark mall and in a shopping center beside William's & Sonoma where there was absolutely not enough spaces to accommodate the patrons, no valet service available, small parking spots and a very frustrating experience. Going in for the meal we were frustrated from having to search, wait and then park. Leaving we were frustrated as we tried to rush out of our place so the next person could park, get around cars sitting and waiting for customers in other stores and then simply an overall poor design of the parking lot.Overall, Bricktop's definitely warrants a solid 4! I will return for the exceptional service, well prepared and great appetizers and entrees, but I will make sure I allow enough time to park over at the mall and then walk over to the restaurant.
