5	This place is FANTASTIC. I am definitely a return customer. The service and personal attention is amazing and I felt like I was walking on cloud 9 after my foot massage.  If you skip this place you are crazy because they have to be the best available.
3	Three and 3/4 stars. The masseuse Rex had the strongest hands ever. I felt like a piece of dough getting kneaded. He started with the ears, gave them a good rub down..weird. Then stuck his finger in my ear..Yikes, He proceeded to scratch my head during the head massage part. I was just thinking what did I get myself into. As he progressed down to the neck, shoulders, arms, fingers, torso, BUTT, thighs, calves, and ending on the feet I felt like I had a good couple of kinks worked out. I give him credit where credit is due and the man takes his business seriously. I felt sadistically enjoyed the pain because I can only get deep tissue massages for it to make any difference. I felt lighter afterwards. The decor and ambiance is a whole other issue. The place needs an upgrade. I walked in and there were red drapes and red older leather chairs. It was really dark, I think to compensate for the lack of interior decorating...People kept talking when the massage first began-ANNOYING. $38 bucks for an hour. Good value overall.
5	My friends and I go to Vegas a lot as part of our annual trip. I felt like doing something different in Vegas besides spending my money away on gambling so I wanted to get a foot massage. I've heard a lot of good things about foot massages from friends. So my friends and I decided to get one. We wanted to look for a great place we can go to and relax, so we looked it up on Yelp. The first one on the list was Good Foot Massage. I called and let them know we're coming in. When we got there, the place looked very professional. The lights were dimmed to help the clients relax. The therapists were very welcoming and nice. My therapist (Gina) soaked my feet inside a wooden bucket filled half with warm water to help our foot muscles relax. While that's being done, Gina started massaging my head, neck, shoulders, arms, and hands. Then she massaged my feet for about a good 15 to 20 minutes. When I thought it was over, she asked me to turn over and lay on my stomach. Then she started massaging my back, glutes ( of course with my clothes on), and my legs. I had to say that this was an amazing experience for me as well as my friends. My friends liked it a lot. Vivian, who is the manager of this clinic was super friendly and my us want to come back.When I go back to Vegas, I will definitely be going there again. Thank you Gina and Vivian for the great service!
5	Love the fact that these guys are open til 2:00 AM.  They actually have another location, and between the two of them, you can't go wrong, great service from start to finish.  The only difference between the two is that their other location closes at 12:00 AM, and with my odd work hours, longer hours suit me better.  I've been to both locations a gazillion times, and I've never been disappointed.  I come either by myself or with friends, and I can't imagine a better way to catch up with good friends than doing over a foot massage.  They always start you off with soaking your feet in hot water.  While your feet soak, they start with a scalp/head massage, work their way down your neck, arms, and hands.  They then work on your feet, legs, then turn you over to work on your back.  I will definitely come back, in fact, I'll probably be there tonight with some friends...=)Update:  I've been back several times since I wrote this review and I receive the same consistent treatment every time.  I just love this place.  Thanks Vivian for making things so easy every time I call...
5	$53 for 90 minutes!!!  This place is great!!!  Plus Good Foot Massage is open until 2am... I'm not sure but I think it's the only place open that late.After spending all day walking all over the strip and all night celebrating my friend's bachelor party, one of the guys suggested that we go try out Good Foot Massage the next day.  Yelp is offering a $5 off coupon at Good Foot for a 90 minute session, so that definitely helped us decide.  That and the good reviews we got.  We called the number in the ad and Vivian answered.  It was pretty easy to set up the appointment for the eight of us.The store is down Spring Mountain (coming from the 15) and just after Arville, the store is on the left past the Wells Fargo bank.  The green sign makes it pretty easy to spot.When we entered the store, we were greeted by Vivian, the store manager.  She asked us what we wanted.  We all agreed to get the 90-minute massage so she seated us in some very comfortable recliners.  The place is clean and well lit in the front.  The rooms we were in could be dark or bright depending on our preferences.The employees immediately got everyone some water or hot tea to drink.  I got green tea with some sugar in it.  And we also got an all-you-can-eat buffet on little candies and cookies!!!  We were given the option to soak our feet in hot herbal baths and while we waited for the staff to set up.  While we were waiting, Vivian talked to us about her business and we told her about our wild night.  I have never met a more energetic host!  She was genuinely interested in making conversation and made us feel very welcome.I got this masseuse named Amy and she started working my pressure points.  She had surprisingly very strong hands.  Some of the employees didn't speak English but Vivian went from chair to chair translating for us letting the employees know how much pressure to use and where.  The massage was fantastic.  I felt like melting into the seat.  Near the end of the session, several of us had fallen asleep... some more loudly than the others hahaha.When the session was over, they asked us if we enjoyed the experience and even gave us brand new socks that felt great after just getting our feet worked on.  Vivian gave each of us a buy 10-get-1 free card as well as her business card, advising us to always call in before coming over so that we wouldn't have to wait in case she didn't have enough employees in the store.  We were all short on cash from the previous night, but that wasn't a problem because the store accepts credit cards.Overall a very enjoyable experience.  I think I'll be a regular here.
5	I love this place! I went with my family of 5 this weekend. They were able to quickly accommodate all us. Rex and Kevin were great masseuses. The manager, Vivian, was extremely helpful and kind. I will definitely go back here when I am in Las Vegas again.-Ernie
5	Went here again and I still love it. Great service and fantastic foot massage.
4	Earlier in the day I had done a 14 mile hike and my lower half was toast.  After an incredible overall experience at Lotus of Siam I told my friend that I had a surprise for her.  She's a teacher and a runner so she needed this.  Not wanting to be too specific to maintain the element of surprise, I quoted her Misti's 2/22 review how this was a life changing experience for another patron.  It was 10 PM at night, my friend was pooped from her school week and training for her June marathon.  She tried to "rain check" me.  I rarely do this, but I cajoled her into going with the promise that it's not far and once we got there, if she still preferred to go home, then I won't persist and call it a night...well she could.  I was getting my tired feet and calves worked on!  We were in separate cars so I had her on the phone chatting as we pulled into the lot.  Funny, I didn't hear any mention of her feigned interest now.  WHAT!!!   Big smiles as we got out of our cars.  She seemed to be totally interested now. Hmmm...imagine that?  Big orange sign that says "Foot Massage"?  What's there NOT to love about this?It's about 10:30 now and we walk into an empty lobby but we're  not alone for long. Greeted with a smile, the gentleman asked if we were together and upon confirmation, guided us to a semi private room with dueling recliners.  There are no doors to the rooms and some of the rooms have beaded curtains with full view of the pampered patron getting worked.We take our seats and the  pleasure process begins.  The lights are dimmed, tea and a platter of cookies and assorted candies are placed between us.  The recliner is opened up to where we were laying horizontally.  I'm so tired, I want to sleep now.  My friend and I are both quite, but not  because we don't want to chat or have nothing to talk about, but because we want to fully appreciate and experience the moment.  The entire experience was WAY more than I had expected.  We chose the 1 hour experience and were really surprised by how much work we got for our money.  Our feet were placed in a bucket of warm water that was contained in a plastic bag.   The water looked brown and may have caused some questions if I had not read Misti's rockin' review in advance.  The bag is tied around my calves, kind of like the Crawfish served at  Hot N Juicy Crawfish right down the road.  Kind of creates a sauna experience for your legs and feet.  The warmth feels really good.  The Reflexologist sits above me at my head and proceeds to anoint my forehead with a very pleasant smelling ointment.  Mangoes I think.  In addition to the 14 mile hike I had done an upper body workout at the LVAC  that morning.    She worked my neck, scalp, deltoid, chest, and trapezium. My chest and delts were sore so there was some pain, but it was awesome release of tension and drainage of lactic acid..  I know, huh?  The pain was from the sore muscles and not from anything the awesome lady was doing in her efforts.  She has great strength in her hands and didn't push too hard.  Excellent touch.  That was the first 1/2 hour.  OH..WAIT!!! Almost forgot that she had me roll over onto my stomach and next thing I know she's kneeling on my back.  OH MANNNN!  I am so HAPPY right now!!!!  My lats, rhomboids and lumbar are tight and she's workin' her magic on my sore body.  Very happy right now.  She also put her knees into my glutes and hamstrings!!!  Doing the Snoopy dance from the relief I'm feeling.  Wow!  Okay, so NOW that's the completion of the first 30 minutes.Now the foot massage commences...firm fingers and thumbs applied deeply into heels, plantar facia, achilles, calves, shins and toes.  Oh MY!   I'm in heaven.  My friend is ticklish and she's giggling like a little girl over there.  So cute.  She endured and worked her way through her over sensitive body part...duly noted...hehehe.After the dream was over, we were allowed to just linger in the pleasurable aftermath.  More tea was brought and after 10 minutes in a catatonic state just sitting there with socks in hand, not wanting to move, I finally spoke, I think...maybe mumbled.  She wasn't saying or doing anything either!   Don't get it twisted... We were cooked.  I compare the moment to savoring the bouquet of a rich Cab/Merlot blend combined with a bite of Freed's German Chocolate cake.  Yah feel me?Okay, that was the BOMB!Enjoy!Chow!
4	My wife and I went here tonight for a massage and it was sure worth it. We had Tina and Rex for our massage therapists. Rex was very good as was Tina. I would surely recommend either of them if you visit the store. They were both wonderful, but we have had other employees before and they are all good but we think Rex and TIna are great. Every time we go to the store if Vivian is there, the manager, she greets us by name like we are part of the family and makes us feel very welcome. anyone interested in a foot massage should make a point of checking out this store.
5	Found this place on yelp. My first time getting a foot/reflexology massage. Wow! My coworker and I were in awe. We originally went in for a 30 min foot massage and was so impressed with how amazing Young and Tina were that we ended up doing an hour full body massage. If you're ever in Vegas must come here!!!
2	Yelp, u embarrassed me. from all the spectacular reviews, I thought this place would be a great place to bring my wife for a treat. We were put into a room and the only thing a lady asked us was how long of a massage we wanted. My wife was never given an option for a female masseuse. Another thing, we were never asked if we had any problem areas or areas to focus on. The communication barrier at the place was terrible. That should have been a sign for us to leave, but we stuck through it since Yelp said this place was so awesome. I had a fantastic lady with halitosis although she attempted to mask it with mint gum. I got super relaxed at one point but her phone went off; all downhill from that point on. She took some more calls through the whole session. Annoying! Another problem were the coworkers talking to each other in Mandarin. They said some words that were insulting to my wife and I. My wife bit her tongue and didn't say anything because she wanted to snap at them!At the end, it was awkward paying the bill because our massage people hung around the front counter till they heard what they got for a tip. one generous star for the value one generous star for the cashier - the only person we understood at the placewhat about the massage review? I'm fat and my masseuse crushed me like I was skin and bones. She had a strong, but not so soothing touch and the same goes for my wife's masseur.
5	Deep sigh... that was incredible!That's how I felt about my first "foot massage" experience at Good Foot Spa.  After the first official LV OYE, Bobby Y "twisted my arm" and talked me into joining him and Misti for some foot massage action.  Little did I know that I would absolutely love this place and want to return again and again.  Anna was my therapist and worked all of my tension spots.  She even found sore muscles that I didn't even know I had.  And she used just the right amount of deep pressure.  After a ton of travel and being on my feet this week, it was just what the doctor ordered.  Vivian was there as well and chatted with us before and after, and hot tea and snacks were provided.Screw the strip, the casinos, then resort spas, the shows, and the shopping; head over to Good Foot Spa and relax... Actually, since they are open until 2am, you can fit it all in when in Las Vegas!  I love this city... and I love Good Foot Spa.  I'll be back!
4	Back in LV for biz, after 3 days on my feet at the convention center, I headed away from the strip to Asia-town for foot-rubbin action.I had stumbled across a place last time, but couldn't remeber the name & my fellow Yelpers had highly rated this place, so I ventured in.Michelle was nice & was firm on my sore muscles but not torturing.She has strong little hands! My only request would be to use more lotion next time (or something that doesn't dry so fast) as some some arm rubbin might have sparked a fire from my dry skin.I did like the semi-private room ( a few chairs in each room) as other places I have been to have 6 chairs in a front lobby area, not as relaxing if people are in & out of the front door.Thanks Michelle, I will be back when in town!
2	Decided to have a foot spa after hiking the zion ! It was a treat that I had been looking forward to. The place was draped in red cloth all over.0 star for the interiors. The massage was $38 for 60 mins.It started off with a foot soak in a bucket draped in plastic. My massage started off on top of my head and she worked her way down to my feet.It was ok. sometimes the pressure was too hard that its not a pleasant feeling anymore.Wanted to feel relaxed but I can't bec I felt that everything was being rushed. Between the employee conversing loudly and the door bell dinging there was just no way!! Would try out some place else just for comparison since the entire spring mountain area are lined with  foot spa massage.
5	holy shit balls this was amazing and cheap!
4	We just left this place and it was great. Vivian was accommodating over the phone for a last minute yelper discount. After a nice morning of horseback riding, for my Wifee bday, the unexpected full body massage was a nice touch. It was very relaxing, semi private with comfy chairs for just us two. Water or hot tea along with snacks was a nice touch. We got the 60 min session expecting just a foot rub, but turns out it was head to toe and back, along with the feetie rubs.  Thanks! Will repeat!
4	I have been to Good Foot Spa twice now, and i'm mixed but happy on them.First, i've never been to a Chinese foot spa type of place before. I was a bit wary; thinking they might be a front for nefarious ongoings, but i'm happy I tried it out. They are legit!My first trip was on a Sunday afternoon, around 4pm. The girl who worked on me seemed initally good, but about 20 minutes into the massage, I was in pain. She worked me over like I was bread-dough, pinched, pulled pounded and pinched some more. I got 3 bruises from it! (I do bruise very easily, tho) Not great, but she did a respectable job on my feet.I went last week, after work at 11pm. I went on a Saturday night, and I was greeted by Candy. A friendly girl who spoke good English and was always on-top of my needs. She asked multiple times if her pressure was good (it was) and gave a very relaxing massage, not a brutal one. I will now go, as long as I get Candy, she was very good.Go. Ask for Candy. You're welcome!
5	So my friend suggested that we try this place out on our weekend getaway to Vegas, and I'm so glad I did. I was at first a little nervous because I had never been to this kind of place and had NO idea what to expect. Their prices are extremely reasonable and I decided to try the 45 min session for just $28. The staff were pretty friendly and welcoming and the rooms they offer for the services are nice and isolated based on the number of people in your group. They have the entire place dark and cool, with soothing music playing. After our session began, I realized these Asian foot massage places don't just focus on your feet, they focus on the entire body!! My lady began massaging my shoulders and neck and it felt sooo good. She moved down my body and focused on my arms, hands, legs and finally my feet. She did the most amazing job I could ever have expected. I was so relaxed and happy and my only hope is that I will have time to come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas. These women are very experienced in the human body and understand the points to focus on in order to relieve tension. So perfect!
3	Went last night (8/20) at 11pm and asked for Candy. I didn't have an appointment, so I was taking a chance, I knew. She wasen't in, and wasen't answering her cellphone, SOOOO. They called the next person to give me my hour massage and what did I get?GRANDPA. A CHAIN-SMOKING G-PA. (yes, all caps are needed for this!) He spoke no English but "OK!?" He was very brisk with the massage, but what grossed me out beyond belief was the fact he had driven over, smoking the whole way and his hands were so smelly and full of tar, I about gagged. He did NOT wash his hands before the massage! Try enjoying a head massage with that going on. UGGHHH!! Now, he did have good pressure, i'm not complaining about that at all. The smoke was a real nasty thing, tho. Makes me wonder what happened?
5	Shout out to all of you who recommended this place on my quest for a quality foot massage. My body felt so amazing and relaxed after our 90 min massage. Everyone was so great and accommodating. I took my sister and my mom and we all got to share the same room which was great. We even got hot tea and cookies. How great is that!The massage itself was wonderful too. They focused most of the time on your feet and legs but also did the rest of the body too. It was wonderful. I left there on a cloud and for only $55 for 90 min. Unreal right!!If you have not gone you will not be disappointed. Go now!
5	IT'S OK TO GIGGLE IF IT TICKLES WHEN THEY MASSAGE YOUR FEET...I was in need of a massage after bouncing around at the Elite event at Sky Zone the other night. Elnino F, Anthony M, and Jieun L, and I hit this place up earlier tonight. We were in the first room and there were only 3 seats. They brought in another chair so we didn't have to split up. We were given hot tea and a plate which had some crackers and candy.We all decided on getting a 1 hour session. My masseuse was Jessica. She was on point. She figured out where all my knots were! Towards the end of the massage, she even stepped on my back to take care of the areas which needed extra work!! When the hour was over, I think we all wanted more...The only complaint I have about this place is when they turned on their red neon window light half way through hour session. It caused the dim room to have a red glow and a annoying buzzing sound. The massage was feeling so good, that I was able to block out that annoying buzzing sound.We got 10% off for mentioning Yelp when we made our appointment, which brought it from $38 to $35 for the 1 hour session. We all got a stamp card which gets you 1 free massage after 10 paid sessions.
5	I was in Vegas this past weekend and decided to try this place out.  It was so worth the $35/hr!! I had Lisa and my girl had Ling, both had amazingly strong hands!!  I was so relaxed I fell asleep and was apparently snoring! hee hee hee : )  The next day I went again with 3 other girlfriends.  They were able to move a chair into the room so that we could all be together.  They all loved it!! Definitely worth your money, don't waste hundreds at the hotel spas!And don't forget to mention "yelp" so that you can get the $35/hr rate!
1	It was my favorite foot spa in Las Vegas for four years? Then Vivian the chief YELPER & owner let it go! :-( No English spoken, lots of people have items stolen here, & they lied about holding my reservation ....30 other places within 1,000 yards...                  DO NOT GO !!!!
5	Came here with candace r. during our last trip to Vegas.Walking around in heels on the Strip all night is bound to kill your feet.With the help of Yelp! I recommended that we try this place out while the boys went on a beer run. If you have been to a Chinese "foot" massage parlor before you know what to expect: cheap, full body massage in semi-private rooms (clothes on, of course).The ladies were great and very accommodating- candace r. stuck with the 45min massage while I got an hour massage. They set us both up in a private room and had her recline in her chair and soak her feet in the warm water during the first 15mins of my massage so that we would get out at the same time. Also, Anna was so nice she gave candace r.  the advertised 10% Yelp! discount even though she didn't get a full hour massage :)Overall: 'Good Foot Spa' did not disappoint! I can't think of a better way to spend a hung over morning in Vegas and I will definitely be back.TIP: Call or Text to get the 10% Yelp! discount.
4	Apparently they do flip you over in Vegas!With a party of five, I called ahead to make sure they had room for all of us since we were on a schedule.  Vivian Q. was really friendly and said she would call me right back to confirm that she had enough employees there.  Not even five minutes goes by and she calls to confirm that we have an appointment!Three of our friends were put into a semi-private room near the front, while myself and another friend were put in a room in the back.  I did ask if Rex was working, but he was off at the time I went.  (He now has his own business.)  Jason was the one who worked on me and he was quite aggressive and thorough.  When they flipped me over for some back work, I realized there was no hole for my face to go into, so I had to turn it to the side.  Unfortunately, my friend next to me didn't realize there was no hole for awhile and so she couldn't breathe!  (However, the chairs in the front room do have holes for your face to go into.  So, I guess it depends what chairs you get.)At the end of the massage, they do this thing where they lift your legs up and drop them.  Well, the minimally covered chair he dropped my legs onto hurt a bit and he realized immediately that it wasn't as cushioned as perhaps the other chairs they have.  But out of habit, he did it again, and *thunk* my legs bang onto the chair.  Another apology comes out.  He also sat me up again to do some further shoulder work on me.  Overall, I got some mixed reviews from my friends.  Some felt it was too much face and head work for them, while others didn't mind.  Another girl didn't know what to do during the whole hour...it was her first time! We also got a $2 Yelp discount off the 60 minute price at the time.They do accept credit cards, but we tipped in cash.3. 5 stars.The Husband had a chance to experience Good Foot Spa on his own after winning a gift certificate from a Yelp event.  (Actually, I won it but gave it to him since he's never been.)  He felt it was pretty good and appreciated getting flipped over.  And yes, he fell asleep.  Always a good sign.Original prices: (Call ahead and ask for Vivian Q. to get a Yelp discount!)$28 = 45mins $38 = 60mins$48 = 75mins$58 = 90mins
4	I was surprised at how good the massage was, especially the head/scalp massage. I would go back here next time we are in town.
4	Very friendly, very welcome, and the massage is good.  But it's not as relaxing as I would have liked.  There were cell phones going off everywhere, and if that wasn't bad enough, our massage therapists actually stopped to take the calls a few times (that's what vibrate and voicemail are for.)  It's hard to relax with all the foot traffic around you and phones, but otherwise, I'd give it another chance.
5	If you have ever been in Las Vegas for a convention, you know how tired your feet and legs can be after walking that show floor all day long.  That's why this place is a MUST for anyone who has to go to Vegas for a trade show.This place is reminiscent of the foot massages of Asia,  and 90 min for $53 is a great bargain when compared to how much 50 minutes gets you at the Canyon Ranch or Bellagio.  Even if you factor in the cab fare you still come out ahead.   Vivian is the manager and she was very helpful in arranging a semi private room for myself and two other friends.  The therapists were good,  really working out the knots in the shoulders and the soreness in the feet.  I would say they their firm massages do a much better job than the hotel spas by FAR.We also got car service back to our hotel on the strip, an extra touch of service that sealed the deal for us.  We will definitely come back to Good Foot Spa every time we are in town!
5	By far the best massage I have ever received for the price.  I paid $65, with tip, for a 90 minute massage.  The best part is that they didn't start the timer when I arrived.  They waited for my feet to soak (around 15 minutes) before they started the timer.  The massage itself was amazing.  I went in after getting over a 24 hour stomach bug and a previous night of heavy drinking.  A friend and I went togther and they sat us both in the same room which was weird but we are close so I didn't mind.  You also keep your clothes on so it wasn't too bad.  They started with my head, neck and shoulders.  She kept flicking me in the skull which made me lol but my laughs were quickly subsided when she would move to the temples and shoulders.  She spent a solid 20-25 minutes on both of my feet and legs and it was amazing.  I work in a hotel and stand for around 10-12 hours a day, not to mention all of the walking I do in the city.  My feet felt better than they have in the lasty five years.  She ended the massage by focusing around 30 minutes to my shoulders and back.  I could have tolerated a little deeper of a massage but for the price I can't complain.  Toward the end of the night I felt a little sore around some of my knots but I slept like a baby and by the morning it was gone.  I need a place like this in Chicago.  For this kind of treatment I would easily drop $150-200 in the city.
5	I got pretty banged up the day before, hiking the GoldStrike Canyon and after reading these recommendations, decided I needed a little relief.  I opted for the 90min ($58) full-body massage and WOW I was sore!Outstanding service, got right in and left in Nirvana.  One little teensy-weensy complaint...they speak absolutely NO English...somehow, through nodding of heads and waving of arms you end up in a chair with a bucket of warm water for your feet.  Great :o)
5	I had to refrain from moaning, it was that good! This is a Vegas treasure, and with prices like these, I'll be back every week.As we were driving up Spring Mountain this morning, we saw Good Foot Spa and decided to see if they'd take walk ins. As others have mentioned, you really should call Vivian if you need to ask questions because they speak very little English. We found the place to be extremely clean and the people working friendly. They took Papa D and I back to a room with two recliners and offered us hot tea, water and some Asian cookies before proceeding with a fantastic massage. First they started with our face and ears, and they actually rub INSIDE your ears. Then they put pressure on my head - I'm assuming it's some kind of reflexology????? They then scratched my scalp and it was the absolute BEST part of the massage (until we get to the feet...again, amazing). They spent a lot of time on the neck, shoulders and back, all the time with my clothes on. They simply sit behind you as you're reclined and reach into the back of your shirt. They then moved to my arms, and after massaging them, they do some pounding (punching maybe?? Not sure but my arms felt great afterwards, so no complaints). They then moved down to my feet and I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. After a lengthy foot massage (the toes and heels too...ahhhhhh), they massaged my legs. I had my jeans pulled up to my knees, and she actually pulled them up higher and was massaging up to my thighs. My legs are always sore from running so this was much needed. They ended the foot/leg massage with some more pounding, but it was more of a karate chop! Chop Chop up and down my legs and feet!OMG and it was all I could do keep quiet in there...this is moan inducing goodness!
2	Last weekend my wife and I decided to get a foot massage. Neither of us had ever gotten one before. I looked up places on Yelp and decided to go with Good Foot Spa based on all of the positive reviews.At first my wife wasn't going to get one because she's really ticklish, especially her feet. I told her she should at least give it a try and she relinquished. We both signed up for an hour massage.My masseuse had a cold or something. She kept coughing and left a couple of times to finish her coughing jag. When she left I could hear her spit up phlegm (yuck!). I did not, however, hear her run water/wash her hands (yuckier!). That was a definite turn-off.My wife really liked her masseuse, other than the fact she answered her cell during the massage. My wife was completely relaxed afterward and was definitely glad she opted to get the massage.The massages were about 50% feet and 50% the rest of the body. When my masseuse worked on my feet I could definitely tell that they needed a massage, and she did a good job. I didn't like when she massaged my face. This is going to sound weird, but I don't know how else to describe it: the face massage made me feel like a mouse.I don't know if I'll go back again or not. If so, I'm going to make sure not to get a hacker.
5	Absolutely in love with this place. I've been looking for a good and affordable place to get a massage and this place hits the nail on the head! Call Vivian and make an appt with her first. She was so sweet, she texted me before and after my massage!!! Although the staff doesn't speak English very well, they are pretty nice! My friend and I got the hour massage for $34... started off with reflexology on my head, massage on neck, shoulders, arms, then feet. They turned us over (the chair actually turn into massage tables!!!! super comfortable!!!) and gave us a full back and leg massage. Once we were done we sat on an ottoman and got another neck massage. This massage totally made my day!!!! When you are done, you are served tea, cookies, and  candy!!! It's such a relaxing place, the prices are more than reasonable, staff is friendly, and provide great service!!! What more can you ask for? I had my massage with Joyce and my friend had hers with Amy. Only critique I have was that Amy was on the phone about three times during the massage, not answering calls, but making calls! I loved Joyce, make an appt with her!!!
3	One of myriad places to get a foot massage in Vegas. I'm beginning to think that the foot massage methodology isn't really my thing. I had my first at Best Foot Spa, my second at Far East Foot Massage, and this was my third.My massage therapist was Ling and she did a pretty good job. Like the previous two, parts of the massage were awesome and parts of it were not so comfortable. To be perfectly honest, I'd have to rate Best Foot Spa the highest, followed by Far East, and then followed by this place. That's not to say that Good Foot Spa is bad. It's just a crazy mixed up competitive foot spa world. There's really not a lot separating them.I should mention one thing that annoyed me slightly. At one point, the other workers started talking fairly loudly and it just interfered with my relaxation. They should know to keep it down.Overall, I'm going with a rounded down 3.5 stars.
4	Place  is awesome on the low key. It's a good deal price-wise. I would rather spend my $$ on this instead of on buffets or gambling. All in all, a very good time
5	My friend and I had to go back to Good Foot Spa after we were done with our exams. This is such a relaxing place! I called Vivian (manager) and she was happy to book us an appointment with such short notice. Ahhh all of our knots on our backs and shoulders were gone. They girls are super nice and helpful as usual. After reading all the reviews and if you haven't tried it yet, go now! call Vivian first tho, shell totally hook you up with the yelp discount and give you an appt time!
1	I would rate higher but the manager, Amy, decided what I wanted to tip. We did the 45 mins which is $25 dollars with Yelp review but she thought I was rich so she decided to give me 65 dollars back when I gave her 100. I gave her 30 which is 5 dollar tip but she took 10 out of my hand and gave me a 5 back to make 35 instead of the 30 I gave her. I thought 5 dollars was a good tip for a 25 dollar ticket. And she pocket the 10 dollars because I can understand Chinese, she didn't know. Too bad she had to ruin her employees effort with this shady move. I will not be going back.
5	My friend, Dawn M. and I went here on a weekend night around 11pm.  I texted Vivian first to see if we could get in.  We were able to be sat in one of the rooms right away when we arrived.  She knew it was our first time and explained exactly what the massage therapists do.  She also advised that they don't speak english well, but understood the basics directions for the massage (more pressure, soft, no, etc).  We were offered a drink and cookies/candy.  I had a lady (didn't get her name and Dawn had a guy (no name).  It was the best massage I have ever received!  I have gone to day spas in casinos and luxury hotels and I would rather come here.  The prices are almost too good to be true.  I do want to try the other Foot Spas listed on the reviews, but this place was heaven!
3	Not a fan fo sho fo sho.
4	My girlfriend just finished her exams and proclaimed the next thing she does is to get a massage. "YEAHHH let's go" was my response. I got 4 tips 4 a good time 4 you.TIP 1. Contact Vivian (Manager) first! I didn't contact Vivian first and the language barrier between me and the other workers was difficult which caused Vivian to have to leave her client to come and talk to me. TIP 2. Rocking those skinny jeans? or NO SHORTS? NO PROBLEM! They have shorts for you to change into, but if you aren't comfortable with wearing shorts someone else wore.. then come in shorts or short pants. TIP 3. I assume it would be optimal to not have any make up on because during the massage they run your face. You don't want your foundation all messed up righttt?TIP 4. Neon lights! When I arrived there was still day light out, but during the massage the moon took over the sky and the neon lights for their sign outside turned on. The lights illuminated my room through the slight opening not covered by the curtains. If this bothers you then come earlier or see if there is a room without lights.
5	Misti and Bobby sure know how to thank us hard working bees after a Yelp Elite Event. Who would have ever thought that the best way to cap off a Friday night in LV would be to have an hour long foot and body massage. OMG. I wish I was there right.... now. With room to accommodate 4 of us in one area, my masseur went to work, not only on my tired tootsies but my neck, back and arms too. And just when I thought it was over, they asked me to turn over where my back was attended to. They could have stayed in any one place for an hour each, but regardless, time stood still. I may have commented a couple of times that I wished I could have just slept there, so relaxed was I. All I know is that this has got to be a regular occurrence for any LV trip. Next time, I'll save it for the end of my trip - after all of the endless mall and strip walking wears out my feet.
1	I had to double check I went to the same place that was in the reviews! Not new to Asian spas or reflexology...so take note. As suggested we booked with Vivian. She called before our appointment (4 of us) and said they were running late...BIG plus there!  We were instructed to come in 20 minutes later.  When we arrived, the gentleman working there offered water and snack...trending positively so far.  Vivian was not there, and as noted in other reviews...the language was a HUGE issue! No one understood us! To the important part....the massage....WOW what a joke! The place was sooooo loud...patrons and workers alike!! They talked to each other during the massage, came into the "room" to talk to one another AND they were not kidding...these employees get a lot of cell phone calls!!!  Apparently no handbook for employee code of conduct in these parts!  We all started at different times, one girl started after us and ended first! My massage was uneven...one foot did not get the same treatment as the other and that was consistent with the entire massage...Time to flip over??? The cocktail napkin he cut a circle in that I rested my face in was ridiculous!! BUT.....the best part....all therapists standing around the desk as we paid asking for and looking at us for the tip!  There are reflexology places ALL OVER town, some across the street up the road and around the corner.  You can bet, I will try another place, and will not be returning here.  What a let down.  You would think when you mention "Yelp" ( and offered a discount) when booking, those that read yelp also post and would encourage your staff to provide a positive experience.
5	Had a relaxing 1 hour massage for $34 - how can you beat that? It's definitely not a luxury spa, and we didn't expect it to be. We were massaged with our clothes on, while sitting on a reclining chair. The ladies were very professional and I thoroughly enjoyed my massage. I liked that the lady used a lot of pressure, especially on my back since I have so much tension. They spent a good amount of time on every part of my body, too. I guess I was worried that since it was so cheap, they will mostly do my feet and legs. I was very happy. We also changed our reservation time a couple of times and Vivian was very accommodating. Will definitely go back the next time we go to Vegas.
5	I spent Independence day long weekend in Vegas with my friend last week and was introduced to this place by one of our friends (he goes to Vegas VERYYYY frequently). I've been to several Foot spas all over california, and this one by far is the BEST! The concierge Vivian was super friendly, and so is the masseuge who worked on me. After the whole session i felt my feet were in heaven ;) She worked on my neck/shoulder and arms too, before I asked for to work on those areas, the whole session was peaceful and quiet, definitely a great opportunity to take a nap.i believe they have special promotion going on now, go check it out! If you live in Vegas or simply just visiting, and you are tired from hotel-hopping all day, stop by this place to give our feet a nice long retreat!
5	Relaxing atmosphere. Friendly staff helps a little to speak mandarin Chinese but they know what they are doing and didn't really need instructions. The prices are clearly listed up front. $50/person with generous tip for an hour but actually they might've gone a bit over. It was well worth it.
4	Made a same day reservation on a Sat and they were able to accommodate us later that day.  They put us in a 2-person private room w huge massage lounge chairs and quickly soaked our feet in those huge tubes they lug in with hot water.  The foot massage was good and she was gentle (I get ticklish) but firm in the right places.  It was so chill that I was seriously dozing off.  At the end of the massage they give you hot tea and some cookies (so random).  I felt completely relaxed and will come back.  The place was clean, quiet, and not busy.  They're also open late, which is nice.
4	Great value for your money.  An hour for $49, foot and full body!  Loved it!
1	Half star for the decor and space, half star for their customer service. The foot massage was horrible! Maybe I got a bad person but she was rubbing foot and that is not massaging!! I ll just say, I had much better foot massage else where.
5	Good Foot Spa is one of the most amazing finds in Las Vegas.  The prices are cheap and the service is great.  All you have to do is text Vivian and she responds almost immediately and you go right in.  I have never had to wait for an appointment and have always had a positive experience there.  I also really love the space.  My favorite part is the tea and cookies and candy that they bring to your room once you arrive.  This is a great place to go with a friend or a date!  Overall, I highly highly recommend this place.  There are a lot of places to chose from in town and I only go to Good Foot Spa!
2	You get what you pay for...This place is fairly cheap for a massage. I guess my expectations were just too high(?).I think the real problem is the "language barrier" on multiple levels. My Mandarin is actually OK. I understood some of the gossiping going on between the ladies working on me and my wife. But in addition to the Mandarin/English issues, I had more of a problem with that they didn't seem to pay much attention to our requests.  My wife came in complaining about her lower back and I told them specifically about my elbow pain.  But those areas only got an extra 3-4 minutes of attention. Other than those slight deviations, they stuck to their regular schedule: first 15 minutes: face and headnext 15 minutes: armsnext 15 minutes: feet last 15 minutes: back/neckI figure they waste half the time because they don't take the few extra seconds to take individual customers' needs into account.If you don't mind the above routine, it's probably just fine. And the price is low enough. So it could have been worse. On the bright side, Vivian followed up with a text message, asking for our feedback. So hopefully things will be better for others in the future...
4	OK so I went here with my friend Jen Cowan and we both had never got a foot massage done by a professional.  Since there was a Yelp deal too it sealed the deal.  We had no idea what to expect and pulling up to the place I was kinda unsure.  But then everything in Vegas is in a random strip mall so whatever on that point.Anyhow, we got settled in and decided on the hour long which is foot and whole body.  It was pretty good overall.  A different style of massage and I didn't even bother to find out what, but it was pretty soothing and relaxing.  The fact that we had just eaten all-you-can-eat, though, was a stupid move, but that's our own fault.  Overall I'd say it was a great deal and aside from the fact that my masseuse kept having to leave to answer the front desk, it was something I'd definitely be up for again, especially since the price is right!
1	OK. here we go I was in Vegas 09/17/11 for Mr.Olympic and on my feet for about 11hrs. I did my homework read other reviews before I got there got there around 8:05pm a young lady was checking me in going over the prices I so I decided to get the 60mins. she tried and tried to get me to get the 75mins.so she get me to one of the rooms with three massage chairs so she asked me a few more times to get the 75mims.but I stuck to my guns 60mins. please,so she brought out the tub with the plastic bag in fill with warm water,there was another customer in the far chair getting her back done...she turn to me told me if I wanted my back done it would cost me $10.00 more right then and there I wish I had an mirror to wipe off sucker off my face,I just smile and told her no thank remember I got there at 8:05pm at 8:10pm my feets were soaking till 8:35pm till she rush back in saying to me that she was sorry,I sat up and told her that I was leaving and I would only pay I belived the 19.99 for the 30mins.she apologize and told me to come back again for better services I think not.
5	Excellent 90 minute massage!  I was slightly embarrassed because I fell asleep for a moment and was awoken by my own snoring. Nonetheless, considering that I was really stressed when I walked in, that the massage could knock me out was a good thing!  The cookies and candies were a very nice touch!
4	Happy Ending?? ..sure did feel like it!The Good Foot Spa is like the hole in the wall authentic chinese restaraunt that you love going to after 12am kinda' Massage Parlor!  Sure, they use paper napkin cut-outs for your face, they do talk on the phone while they service you and you do get lost in translation every so often, but so does your fave after 12am chinese restaurant!  They start you off with tea and crackers, then they soak your feet in a bath of hot tea water.  You get your choice of a full back massage or foot massage or a mix of the two.  Whatever you choose off the menu, your masseuse will begin with a 10min facial and "ear" (to the fellas who like ear rubs) massage appetizer.. made my leg twitch.  I specifically requested for a female masseuse.  I expected a very "finesse don't wanna break my finger nail" kinda massage, but man she was worth every penny!  Her rub down was relaxing where it was necessary and bone breaking where it was needed.  I even dozed off for a quick minute sometime in between the two.  She even climbed on my back on all fours to make sure she delivered the right amount of pressure.. talk about "full body".. made my toes curl.  To my suprise during the middle of the massage while she held my hand, she muttered, "Tek it off".  I made her repeat herself to make sure i heard correctly and again she muttered, "Tek off you watch"... got it!In conclusion, it was cheap and it did the job.  If this place made my toes curl, made my leg twitch, and was told to "tek it off", it definitely was a "Happy Ending"!Dont forget the great check-in deals on yelp for this place..
2	Charged us for 1 hour but massage was 50 min.  Lots of talking during the massage  and then expected a tip. I paid the bill and my friend was too kind and gave a tip. I thought the 10 min we didn't get was tip enuff.  No VivIAn. One girl had enuff English.Good massage but set your timer
2	So you're from outta town and you want some peace and quite without all the noise. You're not interested in paying any premium. Massage with happy ending is not on your mind. You just want to lay back soak your dam feet and get a rub down. This is the place.Pros:- No appointment needed. Just pop in and say, "I like a foot massage"- Nice Asian lady who doesn't speak English, so no worries about her asking you if you wanted a happy ending.- Small snack plate provided so you feel like a king.;P- Private room for you and your bf/gf. I brought an imagery gf with me so she was chilling ... naaa, the next chair was empty so I have the private room to me self, what sup playa! Living large in Las Vegas!!! Hahhahahaha!-Boba shop right next door, so after an hour of rub down go next door for some milk green tea boba, what up playa! Living large in Las Vegas!!! Hahahaha j/k again :)Cons:-Massage was decent but I was spoiled by foot massage back home.- It's $40/hr so I guess it was cheap in LV. Back at home it was $15/hr. Yeah China products are cheap so are the imported immigrants. "What?" What I say? "They're people Joe, and they're working hard!" yeah? I don't give a **** just kidding. Dude these comedians are bad influences. I'll write anything for a laugh. I heard this China lady came to US with nothing now she's has a house and a business. So stop tripping. "No one is tripping, Joe." Oh. Ok then.- No happy ending, hahahahha j/k wasn't expecting it. Don't want some unless you got butts hons. Oh man, what's going with me must be the sugar from the rice crispy treat I made.Get an hour of quite and decent foot massage here. It's not like I travel to LV by myself to get a foot massage. My entourage are busy gambling plus I can use time away they drive me crazy!
5	This was a great way to go relax and have a massage.  Went with sister and mom.  Mom had no problem with her wheelchair and it was very relaxing and the massage's were great.   Will be going back with mom and sister very soon.
4	WHY have I never done this in Vegas before?Now a trip here where I wear 5" heels for more than 3 hours is going to feel like punishment if I can't make it to a reflexology spot.We are spoiled back in Orange County with some of the best, cheapest reflexology around. That makes $38 for an hour here seem expensive, but it's still worth it. Mention Yelp and get 10% off!We opted for the 1 hour massage because anything less than that doesn't include the back. My masseuse was great - a wound on my foot had me totally self-conscious (I skipped the tea soak), but she expertly worked her way around it and still made me feel comfortable. The fact that they are open til 2am is fantastic.
5	Getting a massage seemed like the most logical thing to do after dancing all night in 4" heels. We had a group of six and the manager actually called in extra workers to come in for us! Ask for the one hour traditional Chinese foot massage, which actually means they do the full body. They also give you some rice crackers, tea, and candy if you need a little snack attack. Amaaazingly cheap (around $30) and they give you a 10% discount if you mention yelp! They also promote a little boba shop around the corner called Good Foot Boba...hmm..questionable.
4	The best idea after dancing ALL NIGHT LONG!
2	Man, what a perfect activity after a LONG night of dancing!  We called a little before and they were able to accomdate a group of 8 all at the same time, which was awesome.  We paid $34 for 60 minutes.  I've had foot reflexology, so I just assumed it was going to be the same.  WRONG. Don't get me wrong, the massage was nice, but when I read "Good Foot Spa"  I'm thinking that I'll leave with my feeties feeling nice ad rejuvinated.  I think about 30% was spent massaging my feet.  The one thing I didn't expect was getting my ass massaged.  And by massaged I mean, elbowed and rubbed down.  Awkward.  I mean, was I at "Good Ass Spa"?If it wasn't for the partying the night before, I wouldn't really have enjoyed this massage.
4	Good massage good price good customer service but less on the talking in the rooms
5	Legitimate Asian Foot massage for the tired gambler at all hours of the night (at least until 2 am). Nancy gave me a wonderful 90 minute massage and with my Yelp discount it only came to $52, plus $20 tip (she was very grateful for such a "large" tip). She soaked my tired feet while she worked on my upper body, arms and legs. Then gave my sore feet the best massage I've had in a while. This was all done is a comfortable recliner that would go flat, and had a traditional "face" cut out when lying flat on your stomach.
4	The first time I've ever had a massage, in general, was here. It was quite an experience. Thanks to the awesome Yelp deal, we only paid $34/hour per person. All I could think of when asked by my cousin if I wanted to get a foot massage was, "I don't want a happy ending." Yeah.......then she quickly reminded me that we were both girls and they were older Chinese ladies that would be taking care of us. I know, bad original assumption. Anyways, we were led to our room as soon as we confirmed our time. It was a dark room with a soft ambiance. The room legitimately smelled like a hotel room (no, not a dirty connotation). As we sat down, the workers bought us crackers, tea, and candy. This made me wayyy too happy. Lesson number one soon followed this excitement. Lesson 1. Never wear super skinny jeans to a foot massage parlor.They were nice enough to offer me a pair of shorts, but there was no way I was going to take up the offer. They made us lie down and dip our feet in a water bath. I couldn't help but observe the red and green neon lights peering into the room from the signs outside the parlor. Made it feel more like a sketchy strip club....or something else....The massage began and I finally relaxed. It felt awesome, but I didn't know how to handle myself at times. Lesson 2. Don't try to make conversation with the staff. For some strange reason, I asked the staff how they learned how to massage.....They spoke in Chinese (I believe Cantonese) to each other and then the younger one said, "Don't understand." Lesson 3. Don't laugh. It just makes things awkward.When they started "punching" my arm, I started laughing. This was probably due to the fact that I was terrified about the fresh tattoo on my arm that I got a couple days prior. Eventually, they made us turn on our backs and started massaging our butts. Now I really couldn't stop laughing. When they were done with the leg, thigh, butt massage, they made us sit up. At this point, I swear I was getting the crap beat out of me. All the slapping and punching confused me. Once everything ended, I realized I was very relaxed. Just what I needed before starting on my 15 page research paper and a great end to spring break.  This was a memorable experience. I enjoyed it quite a bit, despite being weird about everything at first.They really do try to push you to tip them, but I really can't blame them. They're just trying to make a living like the rest of us. Next time though, I'm bringing more people.
4	Broke my foot massage cherry here and have been back since.I really enjoy the small private rooms.  I have gone in groups of 3-4 people and they are always able to accommodate us.  We always go for the 1 hour special which is a full body with emphasis on the feet.I like this place because it helps me brush up on my chinese.  I really like the chairs and the tea they serve is a special touch.  Definitely check this place out.
5	I went for the one hour massage. Dont go if you want a light "fluffy" massage. These ladies mean business! They really worked out all the tension from working hours on a computer.. I just wish we could find some in other areas of las vegas rather then all lumped together in China Town. Good to know there is still clean legit late hour massage parlors for the woman also.
4	4 stars - mainly for the price for what you get. I went on a weekday, and they were packed. They ran out of room and had to put us in their own personal relaxing area. I didn't like it. They had a TV, which they didn't know how to turn off, as well as a security camera TV screen. It was pretty distracting. The women who gave us the massages were good but I just couldn't relax in that environment. We got the 1 hr massage. The chairs weren't too great. Also hard to get comfy in those. If the price weren't so great, I would've given 3 stars.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place out but when we went it was nothing like the other reviews I read. The ladies talked to each other and their phones kept ringing the entire time. It was anything but relaxing. After we were done they hounded us to give them a bigger tip! I won't be going back here.
5	I stopped by this foot massage place expecting just a foot massage, but they actually offered a pretty thorough neck and back massage as well.  The therapist I had a Tina and she had very strong hands.  At first she soaked my feet in a bucket of some sort of warm tea water.  The massage to my feet was very soothing and comfortable.  Then, came the body massage.  Tina did wonders to my neck, arms, and back.  I prefer strong pressure during a massage and that was exactly what I received.  She spent a lot of time on my massage and I greatly appreciated that.  This massage was very comparable to one that you would receive from a large spa, but at a fraction of the price.  I think I paid somewhere around $50 for 1 hour.  I strongly recommend this place to anyone who comes to Vegas and looking for a legitimate massage, not like one of those you receive from the establishments with large neon signs.
4	52 bones and 38 muscles, what once were two whole parts of my body are now falling apart into little pieces and I feel every single one of them after a log day at work standing on my feet. I've used and been loyal consumer of every Dr. Scholl's foot product he ever invented that he would probably be upset if he ever finds out I'm putting my feet on someone else hands. but I came to the point that I have to add two more hands on the care of my always tired feet. I went to the good foot spa looking for Joyce, recommended by a yelper friend, but she doesn't work there any longer so I asked for the second best. Kathy did a wonderful job, I can't say she's the best since this is my first foot massage but anything better than this would have probably been illegal. They have a 30 minute special but I opted for the 45 minute service which at the end given the prep and this and that you really get about 35 minutes of actual massage and even though I was there for the foot massage she started from the top of my head all the way down to my arms and legs covering about 99 percent of my body, (missing under the chin if you really have to know) while my feet soaked. It was early in the morning when I went there, I think it was just me and one other person in a different room being slapped around or at least that's what I made out from the sounds and the moans that I could hear clearly since there was no mood music. I didn't want my mind to go wild so I put on my I pod and listened to my own music, Maria Callas to be exact, her screaming was way more relaxing than the guy's next door.Yes, there's a little of that language barrier, but at the end, the massage language is universal, besides I grew up at the barrio and being an expert on sign language came pretty handy for me. I really had a very relaxing experience, my feet felt like new and so did everything else she put her hands on.  I was really surprised how great it feels after after a good foot massage. Highly recommended, I'm sure I'll be back, I can get hooked on this.  No more peanut butter on my feet after work......sorry solin. (my dog)
4	Ok..I know it may seem a bit um...odd, for a guy to go to a foot spa. Before you judge..lol..let me explain. My wife and I were in Vegas for work and she went for a foot massage. I figured I would wait in the car but it was 105 degrees outside so I went in and got talked into getting a foot massage. So I was thinking it was a "Foot Massage" ya know just like it's called. Uh..No...it was a clothes on complete body massage. It was amazing! I would have given 5 stars but I was still a little uncomfortable, especially when the lady climbed on my back to get more leverage...eekk. The good part was my wife was right next to me and after I lost the creepiness, we had our best time in Vegas period. Guys...a little clue...take your wife out for a "date night" to a foot massage place. She will be totally surprised and LOVE you for it!!!
1	I hate to give a bad review. Like literally hate it b/c I know people read these but it was absolutely unavoidable in the case of Good Foot Spa.So I came here in the past and had a decent experience. So 1230 in the morning I decided with a friend it was a great time to be pampered! We arrive and the place is on par with many other foot spas in the area, clean but not overly decorative, mild/moderate privacy and comfy chairs. With this im cool. Its expected, what I didnt expect was poor service and bad attitudes.So, as we start our soaking and massaging two other people walk into the facility. Both of our ladies leave to assist other clients. Were slighly annoyed but accepting of that treatment b/c we understand their the only two in house. The people who came in after us were literally in and out of the facility they left twice and came in twice. That ended up being extremely frustrating b/c our ladies would leave each time they arrived to assist them. Then our ladies proceeded to place several phone calls attempting to get staff. All in all it took approximately 15 minutes for them sort that out. Once they came back and dedicated their time to us they proceeded to take personal phone calls via cell and several text messages. My friend called them out and requested additional time and an apology for the service. They essentially laughed us off. We finally finish and the young lady working on us asked us how much of a tip we were leaving. We proceeded to say none. She askes a second time.. None .. she asks a third time.. again None. So finally she gets another staff member who speaks better english to ask us. We tell her No and explain the reasons why we were dissatisfied. Instead of simply ringing us up the staff proceeded to yell at us in their native tongue (i'm assuming chinese) while ringing us up. Really !!! It was an all around bad experience made worse by being chastised and talked about by someone who gave HORRIBLE service. I will definitely go and experience more foot spa bliss but I will NEVER go back to good foot spa!
1	Decent massage but the environment is terrible.Chatty, unprofessional workers. They talked so loud, it was hard to relax.Hope to be pampered and feeling of relaxation, turned out, I was more irritated after I left.Will not come back, waste of time and money.
1	This place is terrible i been to many foot massages and this is the worst, the attendants just keep talking the entire session, using their phones while working, the massage is terrible its like they are not in the mood of working and do their job. Go and spend your money somewhere else any other place in china town is 10 times better
1	Rude and very pushy for the 45 minutes foot massage instead of the 30 one. The foot reflexology technician is not attentive to their customers and their technique is very poor. I will never come back here again. I rather pay a little more and get a good massage at a more established spa.
5	Heaven ! Walked in after long day on heels & left feeling so relaxed. Ling was great and so nice she also did shoulder massage & knew exactly how to relieve tension in shoulders. I'll be back for sure.
1	Used to LOVE this place. Something horrible has happened in the last year. Customer service is HORRIBLE... My boyfriend and I contacted Vivian beforehand as we usually do to make sure she would have two massage girls ready for us. When we arrived they had no idea what was going on and were not prepared. They told us "of course, of course, two minutes!!" and parked us in a room in the back. After about 10 minutes of back and forth, we realized they had no one to give us massages and were just stalling us. We got the picture and just left. Vivian responded by texting my boyfriend a rant about how the industry has changed (?) which was hard to even understand because her English is not 100%.. We thought this was very unprofessional. When you call ahead and they say they are ready for you, they need to be ready!! No excuses. ALSO.. we noticed a new big sign at check in that states if you "LOSE" anything that you leave out during a massage (purse, jewelry etc) it is not their responsibility. Shocking and disturbing!! Now I can't be comfortable leaving my purse in the room while getting a massage? Wow.So we left very sad :( this used to be our favorite spot when we come to Vegas, but it seems things have changed.. No more Good Foot Spa for us.
5	I love this place. Very nice enviroment and good service.The price is so resonable too. $20/hour is almost as cheap as in LA
5	Very nice place and great massage at such a good price in town. Would definitely recommend this place to my friends! Perfect way to relax after a long day! :)
5	The $20 promotional pricing was totally worth every penny! when my girlfriend and I walked into this place, they were very attentive and we were taken care of right away.  it was definitely something we needed after clubbing and a long night.  i would definitely recommend this place to anyone !!  overall experience was A++++
1	Terrible! Worst foot massage ever n I've been to many. Total lack of effort. I almost  wanted to quit halfway through. DO NOT WASTE Your time n money here!!!
5	This place is heaven!
2	Service. Unfortunately this was my first time there and I have to say, I definitely had better. The ladies gave us a spiel about how the foot massage was "just" the feet for one hour for $20 or if we wanted full body (including back, neck, shoulders etc) for 45 mins for $35. Honestly, neither are worth it if it is that much and for that long. I don't want someone rubbing my feet for an hour because I know it'll eventually hurt after 25 minutes if there's constant pressure. Anyway, we ended up getting the full body massage since our boys left us stranded there for the expected hour. The massage included face, head, back, shoulders, feet. The ladies also got on top and used their weight to do deep tissue on our back. I didn't mind that so much though. The massage was good/average. Service ended with us paying at the front and giving a 25% tip and getting these sour faces saying that they should get more. Really? More for mediocre massages and for not even an hour of it?
5	I had a great experience both visits. I've got a thing about foot rubbs. LOVVVE them. I have been to a lot of foot reflexology places and I typically get inconsistent services.  It is good then next visit I was utterly disappointed.  This is why I waited to review until 2 visits. Part of the reason they get 5 stars is that unlike other places I have been to, my therapist wasn't having conversations with other employees or answering her phone while working on me.  Second, she asked me several times if the pressure was ok. Third, I wasn't up sold.  Fourth, I it was relaxing and quiet.  Last but not least, it was a good massage. I will be returning for a third appointment.
3	This was my first time going to a massage spa so I can't really compare it to anywhere else, but my overall experience was just OK.  The massage felt awesome but yes all the employees there talk during the massage and answer phone calls and still attempt to massage you with one hand.  They did give us a hard time about the tips as well.  I am in no way a very picky person when it comes to reviewing I had a feeling the type of treatment I was going to receive there for the price, but I will be going to other foot spas to find a better one.
1	My friends and I have visited this place numerous times, so we returned on our latest trip.  We looked forward to our visit since we had walked all day at a Trade Show at the Convention Center.  We were met by a man that didn't speak English very well and had a hard time understanding what he was telling us.  Finally we figured out he wanted us to return in an hour or we could follow him in his car to another Good Foot Spa location.  We followed him reluctantly. We had our appointment which was okay, but the guy and lady talked in Chinese to each other most of the appointment, talked on a cell phone many times, and smelled like kimchi.  They asked if I was Chinese, probably to see if I would understand what they were talking about.  We were told they didn't accept credit cards even though they displayed the VISA and Mastercard logos and a person before us paid with a credit card.  We gave them a $7 tip which is 20%.  They looked at our cash and told us we needed to tip them $10.  My friend said that our tip was $7, but they were very insistant, so we paid them and left.  We will never go back to this place again.  They were unprofessional, shady, and rude. I definitely don't recommend this place to anyone!!!  I would give them a minus 5 stars if I could.There are many other foot reflexology places in Vegas that are better.  The next night we went to Bali Foot Spa and it was wonderful and cost only $20.  I am going to write a review of this place next.
4	Not bad when I had nothing to do.  They are very accomodating with time.
1	Being a daughter of one exceptional therapist, It's hard to compare massages from other professionals. However.. Tonights visit at "good foot massage" was HORRIBLE, TERRIBLE and UNCOMFORTABLE!! 1. never in my entire massage experiences have i ever gotten my boobs massaged (awkward) 2. Reflexology means REFLEXOLOGY! instead we got a food rub? 3. both ladies talked in their native tongues the whole time! 4. I felt like a rag doll being tossed around, 5. the massage was rushed 6. she applied lotion on my hair? (who does that????) 6.during check out, the lady could hardly speak any english but i managed to understand? she had the audacity to ask for a 25% tip!!! really?? REALLY?? overall conclusion: save your money and go somewhere else worthy of it! The only good thing came out of this event, was spending time with my mother..i rate this place with 1 star... for the lack of trying!i will never return to this place again!
2	I was pulled in by the lucrative $20/hr sign outside. But once I went inside, they told me $20 for feet only, and $35 for feet and body. I said I only wanted to do the $20 massage.Not a fan of misleading advertising. Next, I was led into a room, asked if I wanted to tea or water (which I thought was a nice touch). The bucket of water for my feet, cup of water, and some snacks come out quickly. I waited about 10-15 minutes before someone came to work on me, which is usually OK, but the people in the next room would not stop talking and I became irritated. There are no walls in these massage places, just curtains so anyone talking would be heard by everyone. I did not want to hear other people's annoying gossip. Anyway, they finally shut up and a masseuse starts to work on me. I do upgrade my massage to the 1/2 body, 1/2 feet because it was just $15 and my neck was a bit stiff. The massage is pretty straight forward and normal from here but I needed to ask for more pressure. The best part is the last 15 minutes where he dug  deeper in the back muscles. I don't know why this happens to me but my massage ended too early. It ended before the chatty ladies in the next section. Maybe the foot soak was part of the time? Not going back to this one either.
1	This business is completely unprofessional.  I am a strong supporter of capitalism, which means that enterprises that do not make customers happy should not remain in business.  The market eventually sorts out the lousy businesses--like this one.   The people working here are very unprofessional.  When I get a massage, I don't want to hear the girls giving me a massage talking to their friends.  This is a workplace.  Be quiet.  We came here to relax, not to hear your banter.  So you get a failing mark on relaxation.  The massage is average to above average.  The presentation and decor of the place is "bare bones."  After you get a massage and leave a tip, even a good tip, they always demand more.  It is very insulting and rude and it is poor customer service skills.  I will not be returning because there are a lot of other great opportunities in Vegas and one does not need to go to a foot massage spa that gives you pressure from a) workers talking during the massage and b) demanding a higher tip.  Save your money.
1	This place used to be great to go to before driving home from Las vegas to Los Angeles.  However, there appears to be a change in management style offering terrible customer service.  The massages are not that great anymore.  The women also talk to each other loudly in their native language.  Every time the door opens at the front, an annoying bright light shines into the otherwise darkly lit room.  One of the ladies does a hard sell on you when you ask for the 20 buck an hour foot massage.  She upsells you the $35 for the body and feet massage even though the foot massage I see includes some of the same massage as the $35 for the head and scalp. My friend and brother who only authorized the basic massaged appeared to frustrate her.  The scalp massage was abrasive for my brother and I.  When finished, I provided a $20 tip and asked for $5 back and to keep the rest.  not only did she demand to keep the 20 on the table but asked for an additional dollar because she massaged me for an hour.  Yeah. that was why I paid you the hourly rate for. The tip is extra and not supposed to be negotiable.  She looked at me angrily and demanded a 35% tip. Apparently they charge a low price and expect you to tip an outrageous amount to make up for it.  This place is shady and I recommend going somewhere else. I will never return. Who needs to feel that way after a massage. I felt terrible and ruined my day.  Also, they requested the tip in cash instead of on the credit card.
1	NEVER EVER GOING HERE, EVER. Let me tell you how horrible my experience was with this place. First of all, I expected this place to have a full body + foot massage for the price of $20, just like the other reflexology places in Chinatown. No, it's actually $35 for a full body massage. The masseuse really tried selling me & my girlfriends the full body massage stating that it's really relaxing & that they do a good job. They did a mediocre job, I'll give them that, but relaxing?!?! UHMM NO. They put me & my two girlfriends in the same room & gave us our massage there. I'm not even kidding you, THE WHOLE TIME the 3 masseuses kept talking & giggling. This isn't an effing nail salon where the employees can yap yap yap next to each other. It was so rude. I was not relaxed at all. By the time our massages were over, they expected us to pay a minimum $10 tip. I was only wanting to tip them $5 because of how disrespectful & noisy they were, but they looked at us like we were crazy when we only wanted to give them a 5-dollar tip. So my friends & I ended up spending close to $50 each for a "relaxing" full-body massage which wasn't even all that good. If I knew I'd be spending that much money on a massage, I'd rather go to Massage Envy & get a private room where I am not disturbed by outside noises & employees talking during my massage. Oh! I forgot to mention that during the massage, the masseuse literally went on top of my back & used her knees to massage. Personally, it hurt my back & the pressure was too much. We were all sooooo pissed when we left the place. On top of that, there's a boba shop next door so the whole time during my massage I could hear the blender going off. Complete waste of my money ... & my lower back still aches from when my noisy masseuse climbed on top of me.
1	Simply don't go here!  Once you said you would like to go with the $20 deal instead of $35(very hard sell by the way), they show you some kind of attitude. During the foot spa service, they are not professional at all. I am not paying anyone to just touch my feet, really the lady had no skill at all. This has upset me and ruined my whole day.  Not to mention, we also waited for 1/2 hr before the service.  We went once last year summer, it was fine.  This time was very very bad experience.
1	Omg I can't even believe I have to put a star on here. If I could give no stars I would! Let me explain why: - first I go in and say I only want a foot massage, so 30 min. She argued with me to get an hour! I said no full body, feet only. I even tried to compromise with her so she would stop arguing! - second, I tried to tell her I have a patch of dry skin on my leg, she doesn't understand me. I also try to say "my foot hurts here from wearing heels at work, please massage this part." she didn't understand that either! So I just decided to let her do her thing. -next she starts speaking to her friends and brings 2 other girls over and shows them my leg! They all sit there staring and talking. I was SO EMBARASSED! I almost got up and walked out and said its okay I'll go somewhere else that doesn't. Care about dry skin. - but I didn't I stuck it out bc of the price. So I relax and lay back, decent massage but I've had better. She avoided my small patch of dry skin like I was a friggin leper (sp?)!!!!! Avoiding that entire side of my leg at all costs! - so then were done and I go to pay. She says $19 and then goes TIP?! I felt pressured so I said 5 even though I wish I had left her nothing bc her service sucked! So get this, she doesn't even understand that!!!! She turned a calculator to me with 19 on the screen and I had to press +5 = so she could swipe my card! I WILL NEVER GO BACK! Go to Tibet foot massage, it is way way way better and the customer service is phenomenal for only a couple extra bucks. Worth my money, every penny!
1	False advertising!!! RUN!!!I'm not a cheap person.. But when you advertise something to a customer I believe you must be truthful about the product/service you offer... The advertising stated $20 but it was really $35/hour (I normally go to Bali Foot spa I pay 20$/hour for a full body massage) But I wanted to try a new place out... The massage lasted 48 minutes not 60 minutes...They were:Text messaging while they were giving us massages... And her phone would go off every other minute "Bing.. Bing... Bing..." obviously she didn't put it on silent! She had her phone on the loudest setting...Talking among themselves... (Which is expected... Not a really big thing...)And when it came to payment I told them to charge the credit card 45$ even. They we bargaining to add more tip! They didn't swipe the card till I told them "You choose 35$ or 45$?!?!" I believe that I offered them a generous tip even though the service was not so great... And you try to hustle more money out of me? That was just ridiculous! I left the place more stressed than when I came in...Never going back to this place.The only positive thing about is: It's clean and they offered water / hot tea....
2	WARNING: ladies are CRAZY about receiving  their tip, and demand at least $10!! More than 20% of the cost of the full body massage! $35/hr -full body and foot massage. $20 -30 min foot only.  I like the massage itself, the chairs were comfy and snacks/beverage was given. But the ladies turned scary when it was time to pay, giving disappointing sassy looks because your measly 20% tip was not good enough, totally turned me off to this place. If you don't care about scary Chinese ladies sneering at if u don't tip what they want you should definitely try it out.
1	Horrible!!!Went here with my hubby and the massage therapists talked the whole time!!! I didn't think that was professional when they have signs that say no talking and their own workers don't follow the rules. You are supposed to be relaxed and I'm paying to e relaxed. What I got was the opposite. Frustration hoping they would stop. Also, on yelp it says $20 for 60 min. In reality its $35 for an hour. Very misleading.I decided not to go back ever again since they ruined my massage.
1	SKIP THIS PLACE. THERE ARE OTHER BETTER PLACES ON SPRING MOUNTAIN!Went to get a relaxing massage with a friend and the two attendants were talking and giggling the whole time! Even though I told them to be quiet they just went on like nothing was said.... When we paid they asked how much tip to put on the card, and I said none as you two were talking and I could not relax... They gave a pouty sad puppy face but I said I will pay for the service but no tip! When a couple went in I told them to watch out for those two as they talk a lot. Not going back.
2	I have been blessed with only good foot spa experiences....Good Foot Spa broke my winning streak.  The charge $20 for one hour feet only and up sell you a full body service for $35. To say that I didn't enjoy it is an understatement. It actually made me angry and I quit the service 15 minutes early. Foot spa fail!  To be fair, I told them I wasn't happy and they gave me the $20 rate....and for that I gave them 2 stars.  If it wasn't for the fact that my friend disliked hers either (she too nice to complain) I'd have chalked it up to a one time fluke.  There are so many good places in Vegas...you can skip this one.
1	RIP OFF* DON'T GO HEREMy husband and I came in yesterday and it was 35 dollars not the 20 advertised. Also when we went to tip they demanded $10 dollars each. My massage was not 60 mins it was maybe 40 mins and the guys phone kept ringing. He would stop my massage and pick it up every time. Not relaxing at all. **DO NOT GO HERE. RIP OFF.
4	It was my buddy's birthday and our trip to celebrate in Vegas had a number of stops that he wanted to do as adventures. One was a happy feet massage. We relied on a cab driver to help us find Good Massage and we were very happy with the massages all four of us received. The staff doesn't speak English a lot, but are very courteous and nice. They serve some tea, cookies and candies as you wait.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. I have had several foot spa massages and I can honestly say this was my worst and I will NEVER come back. They kept my party waiting for over an hour AND we had an appointment. Once they started on our foot detox, they kept us waiting yet again after the 30 minutes had lapsed. My friend had to call them 3 times on her cell phone before anyone came. Once they came, the 3 ladies talked to themselves in Chinese. Very rude and disrespectful. When we were done, we went to tip and they both snubbed their noses asking for more money.  Horrible business practice. I will be taking my business elsewhere!
2	Took my mom there, I asked explicitly for the $20/hr foot massage, the lady tried to upsale me for the $35/hr package, I declined. They proceeded to do a head, neck, and shoulders massage, I asked again if this was  included in the $20 she said yes. After finishing the foot massage she told us to turn over and they did abt a 10 min massage. When we went to pay she asked how much we wanted to tip and I said $8 (20%) they proceeded to go back and forth with me saying they did "all that work and we are ONLY going to tip $4 a piece?!" They damn near held my card hostage! Wouldn't recommend it, they did a descent job but I didn't need the hassle at the end!
1	CAN I GIVE NEGATIVE STARS???????PLEASE READ MY REVIEWI just literally walked out of here 10 mins ago. I am so so so mad at this place i wish i could swear on yelp. First we go in.. Nobody greets us. Then they put ure feet in this plastic bag thing for 20 mins waiting. While we are waiting they are yelling at each other the whole time. I get no relax in vegas and i come to the spa and it is louder than the casino???? Then they say we should do the 35$ massage cuz its better than the 20$. So we say yes. I get massages 3times a week at least(not here). This was by far the worst massage ive ever had and i had hundreds of different people work on me. I went in just cuz it was cheap so i wanted to try it out. The massage was TERRIBLE. Then i go out to pay my friend said lets leave 5$ tip each so 40$ and i said even though they were horrible i cant do that and i try give them 25% tip. They look at the money im handing to them and they look at me and they look disguste with the 25% tip. They tell me everybody tips 20$ or more for the massage. So i tell them the massage is 20$ to 35$ and ppl tip 50% to 100%???????? And they said yes. They said 10$ each is not enough for them cuz they worked hard. Best part! When i handed the money while they looked disgusted at my 25% tip. They said "THATS IT????" How is 10$ tip on a 35$ service get that kind of attitude? Im a good tipper and a nice person. The massage sucked and it was like 30% tip almost i was giving to these rude ppl!!!! So because im a pushover i ended up giving them 35$ on a 70$ bill!! 105$ and they didnt even say thank you. I just got robbed and had the worst experience in my life. Don't ever go here. This place should shut down and go out of business. Train your workers. They suck.
1	Wow.... bad review to follow once I get home.  20hr Nope.  15$ for 1/2hr foot massage for my girl and $15 for 1/2hr. hand massage for me said the guy at the front. Then... I get to the back and after 5min of feet soaking and they say 25$ for 30$ min hand massage and then they say $35 for 30min hand massage!  Wtf.  We got up and left.  SHADY SHADY SHADY.
5	Wonderful Felt great
1	I wish I could give this place 0 stars. After having a decent 20 massage, when it came time to pay I didn't have any cash to tip the massage lady. I asked to leave a 5 dollar tip on my card. The owner and massage literally badgered me to leave a 10 dollar tip. I work for tips on the strip and if I ever asked for a tip I would be fired immediately. So unprofessional and rude! I will never ever recommend or come here again. They need to work on there customer service skills
3	Had a wonderful massage. Very strong pressure and very attentive not missing any spots and never felt awkward. Had no complaints for the atmosphere either. $35 for deep 60 minutes was well worth it. Then it got awkward....I pulled out $40 to pay and apparently my $5 tip was not enough. I had no more cash so that was all I could give in cash. The man was visibly upset by my tip amount. I work for tips as well and I'm sorry, but a tip is not a set amount and I appreciate anything extra my clients give me. I realize my $5 is $2 shy of 20% and I did feel a little guilty, but never in a million years would I make a client feel extra guilt for something like that.
1	That was then.....(2010)In 2012It was my favorite foot spa in Las Vegas for four years? Then Vivian the chief YELPER & owner let it go! :-( No English spoken, lots of people have items stolen here, & they lied about holding my reservation ....30 other places within 1,000 yards...   -THIS PLACE IS ON THE NO-GO List!!!-
