5	I was lucky enough to participate in Cafe Zupas Pre-Opening event last week, and I have to say I was impressed!  The ambience was cool, and included comfy booths and a 'bar' seating area with ipod docks and a place to set your laptops.  The staff was friendly and helpful, and allowed me to sample several different types of soups before settling on one.  And the food:  Delicious!  I actually loved it so much, I went back the next day to try something else, and everything I tasted was fantastic!  The first day, I had the Yucatan Chicken Tortilla soup (with sour cream, cheddar cheese, guacomole, and tortilla strips on top!) and the California Turkey sandwich (turkey, avocado, tomatoes, sprouts, cucumbers, mixed greens, muenster cheese, and ranch dressing).  Both were absolutely amazing, and I also got a chocolate dipped strawberry on the side, which comes with any soup or salad.  For dessert, I tried the cheesecake, and managed to eat half before feeling like I was going to explode.  it was divine.  The next day, I went back for more and tried the Chicken Enchilada Chili (made with red and green enchilada sauce) and the Turkey Bacon Avocado grilled panini (with muenster cheese and honey mustard).  For dessert, I sampled the Mixed Berry Creme Brule.  Day 2 was also awesome.  In addition to everything I already listed, I sampled other soups, sandwiches and salads that all tasted equally as delicious.  For example, the Wild Mushroom Bisque is next on my list to eat, since the sample I had left my mouth watering.  The Lobster Bisque, Shrimp & Sausage Gumbo, and Thai Lobster Curry also tasted superb.  As for sandwiches, I'd like to try the BBQ Pulled Pork next....or the Turkey Spinach Artichoke grilled panini.....or the Ultimate Grilled Cheese.  So many choices!!  I also heard amazing comments on the Nuts About Berries salad, the BBQ Chicken salad, and the Pina Colada Chicken salad.Basically, this is now my new favorite lunch place, and I can't wait to try everything they have to offer!  You should definitely check it out!!
4	Zupas officially opens today! I was invited to their VIP catering event a few days ago and was able to get a sneak peek. The soups are very good; I tasted all of them! My favorites are the wild mushroom it is very creamy and has a great flavor. The shrimp and sausage gumbo is very hearty with just a little New Orleans kick! I recommend them both! If you enjoy tomato soup theirs is a tomato basil and it is yummy!. One thing I really liked is that you can taste the soup before you order it! Bonus they have 8 varieties of soup to choose from!I had the turkey pesto artichoke panini as well it was very good. You can get a 7.99 combo of any 2 items soup, salad, sandwich. By the way it's not 1/2 sizes with that combo either! I got a full panini and full soup.The soda bar is nice to you can create your own drinks!The ingredients are fresh and the employee's are very friendly. They also cater which is a big plus!
4	First Visit, Had the Pulled Pork sandwich and Lobster Bisque soup combo,  the meal also comes with a chocolate dipped strawberry.  The food was quite good especially the pork sandwich.  May try a Different soup next visit.  It was good but not great and with so many to try I am sure i can find a favorite in the soups as well.  I normally eat quite a bit when I go out and this was more than I needed at only 7.99 so the prices are quite nice as well.
4	I seriously LOVE this place.  I just got a phone that will allow me to check-in places the other day, otherwise I'd be runner up for the Duchess!!!  I can't get enough!I LOVE the Honey Bacon Club (Turkey, Bacon, Ham, Tomatoes, Muenster Cheese and Honey Mustard panini).  I've had the Turkey Bacon Avocado Club and had bites of the Ultimate Grilled Cheese and the Vegetarian sandwiches The Boy ordered but none of them compare to my HBC! :)  I also love that you can try AS MANY SOUPS as you want before settling on one.  AND there are toppings for your soup!! Cheese, tortilla strips, sour cream, bacon... My favorite has been the Wisconsin Cauliflower - which is like potato soup except it's cauliflower instead of potatoes.  All the soups come with a generous hunk of tasty bread AAAAAANNNNNNNDDD a chocolate dipped strawberry.  Just writing this review makes me want Zupas for dinner! :) SO - why only 4 stars instead of 5? Well....its the service.  Maybe they're over-staffed because they just opened and they're training people, I dunno, but the amount of workers there wanting to take your order, say hello, wish you a nice day, etc....is overwhelming to say the least and slightly annoying.  I also appreciate the gesture of having one worker walk around (or wander aimlessly) and clear your trays for you, BUT - it makes me feel like I'm being watched while I eat.I'm hoping they reduce their staff as they get used to their flow of traffic.  Otherwise, I'll be taking my food to go! :)
4	Supa Zupas! Ok enough of that. Went the other day for lunch, and the staff handled a relatively large crowed with ease and efficiency. I like that food is made to order and that their lunch meat is not over processed. I was expecting the salad and soup combo to be a smaller version half and half, but it was the WHOLE thing. That is amazing for the price and it is decent fare. Enjoyed the Italian Soda mix in's. But, as someone else said fresh brewed iced tea would be nice.  This is a great location for them and I see that they have ventured into something that just may stick in a strip mall back corner....we shall see.Oh and ask for a chocolate covered strawberry they are awesome!A tiny notch down from Wildflower or Nordstroms Cafe (why the 4 star)...but a good soup, salad, sammi place none the less.
2	This place is salt in the wound from one of my favorite local restaurants closing last year. It's basically the fast food version of the same thing. The concept is a good one: salads, soups, sandwiches. I welcome fresh, healthy options. But, be warned: if you order a large salad, you'll get the exact same quantity of mix-ins than you would in a small salad -- just extra lettuce. Now, let's think about that: it just dilutes the impact those mix-ins have. I find that a bummer.If that changed, I would probably bump up my review because I do love the concept and I think the Italian soda mixer station is a rad idea! And, I love that their version of the dinner mint is a chocolate covered strawberry.
4	Tried this place on a whim as we were driving by.  They were offering 50% off all entrees for the grand opening.  My husband and I weren't even hungry but we decided to share something just to give it a try.  We had the soup and salad combo which at half off cost around $4 and some change!We got the White Bean & Vegetable soup because it was both gluten free (hubby) and vegetarian (me).  It was very tasty.  I wasn't expecting much and really liked it.We also had the berry salad.  It had blueberry, strawberry, raspberry and pomegranate as well as finely chopped cinnamon almonds and a lemon poppy seed dressing.  It was really good.I didn't think the chocolate dipped strawberry was that great.  Didn't taste overly fresh to me.  But the slice of bread that came with the soup was DELICIOUS!I would go again.  And will be even happier if they have fresh brewed iced tea.
4	Sandwich. Salad. Soup. Yum! Yum! Yum! I noticed Cafe Zupas before they opened, looked it up online, and was excited to try something new in the area. Since then, I have been several times, trying different menu items, and each visit has been great.- Yucatan Chipotle Chicken Salad: I really like this salad. I ask to add corn. Fresh and yummy with a little bit of a spicy kick. Win.- BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich: I read somewhere that this was the most favorite sandwich, and I can see why. Tender meat and a great sauce, balanced perfectly with the slaw and soft Ciabatta bread. Win.- California Turkey Sandwich: I don't like sprouts, so I got it without. Pretty simple, fresh and yummy. Win.- Turkey Bacon Avocado Panini: It was good, but not great. It seemed a little too soft. Like the heat of the sandwich made the inner side of bread mush. Meh.- Tomato Basil Soup with Orzo Pasta: Not a fan at all. I love tomato soups, but this one was just odd. Weird flavor, weird texture, way too salty. Bleh.- Wisconsin Cauliflower Soup: OMG delicious! I hate cauliflower, but I tried a sample, and it was awesome. I've heard that cauliflower cheese soup can taste just like potato cheese soup, and it did! Win.- Yucatan Chicken Tortilla Soup: A little too salty, but I still love the flavor. A little spicy, and the glob of guacamole, squeeze of lime, and tortilla strips help balance the salt. Win.- Chicken Enchilada Chili: Tastes like enchiladas in soup form. I love it. Win.Bossman is one of the pickiest eaters I know, and he has fallen for the Honey Bacon Club Panini (without tomatoes) and the Tuscan White Bean and Vegetable Soup (although he said this is also a little salty - even for the man who puts extra salt on EVERYTHING)!The fresh bread that comes with the soup is delicious. Slightly crusty exterior and soft inside. And who can complain about a chocolate dipped strawberry? Awesome touch!
3	We went to Zupas on the recommendation of some friends. I was excited to try it since I am a huge sucker for sandwiches and salads. It's a very bright place with a ton of people behind the counter to help. The menu is pretty large and you can build your own salads if you want. I have been here a couple times and I would say the sandwiches are not bad. They are pretty basic and not something you would drive out of your way for. The salads were more memorable for me. Great selections of salads and very fresh. The soups are very salty. I will go back to Cafe Zupas, but I wished it was a little more than it is.
5	This is one of my wifes and I favorite places to eat. Wonderful selection of Soup, salad and sandwiches. They even have Italian syrups for making your own Italian sodas, and for only 1.50, they are cheaper than most peoples regular drinks. They have a new featured "world tour" soup every couple of weeks, where you can get a "passport" stamped to earn free food and drinks and ultimately a grand prize. The chocolate covered strawberry at the end is a nice touch. And the service is very friendly, you can tell management has put it as a priority. My Favorite Combo: Pulled BBQ Pork Sandwich and BBQ Chicken Salad
5	The food is presented exactly the way it is in the photos.  I was very very impressed and will definitely return.  The service was awesome!
3	Pricey for the amount of food. Employees in your face as soon as you get in the door. Food is bland with the exception of the chicken enchilada chili which was delicious. Clean bathrooms and dining area. The place has a cool look about it. Probably won't go back but wouldn't steer others away without trying it once.
1	I had the chicken pesto sandwich. My question is how the hell do you make anything with pesto in it and still make it absolutely tasteless? This place is a waste of time.
5	This is my new favorite place! Cheaper and better than Paradise Bakery! Bread is really soft, every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry, and you can make your own Italian sodas! The service is also friendly and fast!
4	One of my quick lunch faves! Only heard about this place from a co-worker who recommeded we go there for lunch. She calorie counts and that is another reason why she likes the place. No calorie counting for me! Haha! I like The Try 2 Combo for $7.99 which includes a Whole Sandwich: Half Soup/or Half Salad. THE BEST PART IS THE CHOCOLATE DIPPED STRAWBERRY included with every meal purchase.The variety of soups are great & they provide taste cups if you want to try any before deciding on your soup choice, my favorite is Wild Mushroom Bisque. They have a good selection in salad options as well, my favoorite is Pina Colada Chicken Salad. For the sandwiches, I usually go with Pesto Chicken Panini. The desserts always look so delicious & I have on numerous times gave in to the "Low Fat" Berries & Custard Cup/Tart.It's a quick and easy place to grab lunch on the go or to sit down with friends and enjoy. They have choice of inside & outdoor seating. It is a bit noisy in there, but tolerable. I agree with another reviewer, that the overwhelming greetings from all the workers is a bit much. Overall, I like the place & will be back for many more lunches.
4	I wish there was a "chain" category. Cafe Zupas is now the second good chain restaurant I've been to!I had the "Try 2 Combo", $7.99, and chose the Boston Crab Melt sandwhich and Thai Lobster Curry soup. Both were pretty darned good!The menu looks great, as does the restaurant itself.The personnel were very nice, accomodating and welcoming. One strange occurance was when I went to take a picture of their brownies, a lady that worked there told me they don't allow indoor photographs (wierd!). All in all, I totally enjoyed my lunch and will be back.Desert Ridge peeps...you're getting one soon..
5	I love this place! The choose 2 option is only $7.99 and you get a ton of food! Large selection of salads or you can create your own by choosing from the greens and add-ins. All of the sandwiches I've tried so far are good and they've got a lot to choose from. I've only tried a couple soups so far but they'll offer you samples of any you want to try. They include a piece of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. Good selection of fountain drinks as well and syrups to make Italian sodas.
3	Food was fresh and tasty. Friend got a small salad and I got a large. It seemed the only difference in the two was the amount of the lettuce,  not the other veggies. Slightly disappointed with that. The soda station with the italian syrups is a nice touch. The service was over the top. Too much. It needs to be toned down a bit or don't have so many people working at a time. Both of us felt there was someone always in your face.Maybe things will settle a bit after it's been open a while.
4	Only have been once, but will definetly be back.   the service was good - maybe too over the top / bubbly, but a nice change from grumpy service people.I did the try two combo for $7.99  - got the Ultimate grilled cheese which had cheddar & Muenster cheese with tomatos and peston.   It was greasy and delish just how a grilled cheese should be.  For my second Item I got the Vermont Maple Salad which included:Blueberries, Apples, Cinnamon Almonds, Blue Cheese, Romaine Lettuce, and Maple Vinaigrette Dressing.    I'll be honest I licked the dressing container clean - wow that was good!the meal came with a hunk of bread (unimpressive) and a chocolate covered strawberry.definetly fresh, definetly tasty, definetly will be back for mor maple vinagrette dressing!side note:  they need to change their to go boxes - the panini was so hot and they placed it in a styrofoam box which melted.
3	Not a bad place to grab a bite.Think of it as a variant on Paradise Bakery or Corner Bakery with your soups, salads and sandwiches. I had a ham and cheese panini along with a chopped salad.They were fine but not enough to make me come back again.The service is very friendly and enthusiastic. The placed is brightly lit so you won't necessarily feel compelled to stick around.
4	Very fresh and delicious.   A wonderful menu....tons of healthy choices.   I got the sandwich/soup combo.  White been soup was delicious.... and the turkey bacon avocado sandwich...hold the bacon.  Very tasty.The soda/ice tea drinks are many.Everyone who worked there were happy and helpful.  Fresh cool interior design.
5	Good overall. It was a feast for the senses. I like the concept. It's hard to explain. They have soups, salads, sandwiches, and desserts for all sorts of cravings.
5	I LOVE Zupas! I have been a fan since they first opened in Utah and only had soups and salads on the menu.  They have expanded the menu to include sandwiches and desserts (the chocolate cake is DELICIOUS!!!). My favorite soups are the Wisconsin Cauliflower, Mushroom Bisque, and Clam Chowder. My favorite salad is the Red Raspberry Spinach while my daughter craves the Nuts About Berries. I have never been disappointed no matter what I ordered. Great service, great food. Fingers crossed they build one in the Chandler/Gilbert area!!
3	I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars on Cafe Zupas, as I'm not all that excited about eating here. I've been here twice now, and I'm just not a fan. Its' not that its bad-its just doesn't do anything for me, and I find myself at a loss every time I eat here.I've been here twice now, and today was better then the first time I went.  Cafe is large, with ample seating and great decor.  Plenty of help, lots of people during lunch hour, staff is friendly, with plenty of menu options.   Most of the stuff is to odd for me, and doesn't hit the spot for what I feel like eating.Cafe Zupas has quite a few healthy choices of food, from soups, to salads, and sandwiches.  I can do healthy food, and if the menu were more like Zoe's, I would probably be a fan.  Hot Lobster bisque when its 100 degrees outside? eh, no thanks.  A large salad with stuff I dislike on it? No thanks either.  I don't like funky salads!  I don't need 14 varieties of nuts, berries and weird stuff on it.  I can appreciate a good salad, but I don't want to feel like a squirrel!  lolAnyways, today was fine, I stuck with the grilled cheese sandwich with a pop for a grand total of $7.30.   I was a little shocked because the sandwich was only $4.99..which means my pop was almost $2.00! I don't mean to sound cheap, but my coworker and I both wanted a cheap, light easy lunch, and we were surprised that it was so much. Anyways, I will probably be back since we rotate this place into our lunch places that we eat at since its right across the street from work.  I definitely wouldn't go back on my own, that's for sure.  Even though I try to seek out healthy dining options, I'm just not a fan!
4	This location has been so many different restaurants in the past few years and now there is finally a good one! It's basically a fancied-up paradise bakery with better food, bread, and condiments. Oh and better prices too. I had a small Chipotle Chicken salad and a small tortilla soup and that was a good amount of food- with a drink, for only $10.58. The soup was great! And they let me sample several kinds before making my decision. I also loved that they had at least a dozen different kinds of hot sauce bottles on the wall that customers are free to use as they please. I tried three because I like to bring the heat and because they were available.  My only complaint was that the dirty dish bin was overflowing even though the place was super slow. Can't someone handle that? Its gross to have to move other people's dirty dishes around in order to fit yours in there. Ts seems like an easy thing to fix- someone pick up dirty dishes every couple of hours or something.
4	YUMMMMthis is the food of my dreams. I'm a vegetarian, so it's hard to find places that are meat free as well as tofu and mushy eggplant free. This place hit the spot.Cauliflower soup... omg. Delicious. I talk about it still. I had the strawberry salad and soup combo. It was an easy 8 bucks. My sister and Mom had some other stuff, I was way too proccupied with my delicious soup to give notice. And it came with a dipped strawberry. heaven.Is this place a chain? It is such a good chain if it is. Everything was great. My only complaint is that they're closed on Sundays. I hate establishments that are closed on Sundays, I think it's dumb. I drove my whole family here one Sunday afternoon, all excited to introduce my husband to the delicious selection and they were closed. ugh. We're going tomorrow. Maybe that will ease my bitterness of the Sunday thing and cause an extra star to be added.. we will see.
4	I wish there was one closer to where I live.  My kids and I love their food.  They have salads, sandwiches, soup and dessert.  Love this place!!
4	We used them for a catering event. The food was very good and comparable to wildflower/paradise/corner bakery.  I think they a few more options of soups and salads than the competition as well.  They staff was very friendly and helpful and the dessert presentation great!We will be ordering again.
4	The sandwich/salad combinations are sweet!
4	I can honestly say Yay! I'm a fan.  The food is various and tasty.  The portions are correct, and priced accordingly.  I do find the 59 Cents for the soup mix-ins is a little pricy, but the soup doesn't need anything.  I think I may be cheating on my husband with the Thai Lobster Curry soup.If I could change anything, it would be for the staff to just chill out.  When I go, I have someone open the door for me, ask me if I need a menu, then the salad person is all chipper, etc.  Really.  Please chill.  You're freaking me out, man.
5	I am basing this review solely on the Cauliflower Soup. Holy Heaven in a cup. We had Zupas cater lunch at the office, so I can't speak to the actual restaurant. But man, I wish I had a bucket of that soup.
2	Atmosphere was meh..Food was meh..Service was meh..Prices were meh..Nothing about Zupas made me happy.. and i get excited easily. I wanted to kill all the Biltmore Business people in there too. With a sword.
5	This place is the best ever and I wish there was one out in the North West valley. The food is amazing for the price you pay. Its 50% cheaper than any other place we order from and its just as good as Paradise Bakery, being at a dealership we have a large order and they have never made a mistake once.  Heather is the best most friendly,awesome person as well everytime I call in a large order. A+++++++ to them and keep up the great work Heather! :)
4	This place is close to my work and after seeing it a few times I decided to go check it out. I have to say I was drawn to it because I'm Polish and zupa = soup. Cafe Soup! Why not, I'm down!They have a great combo deal that I'll always get for lunch. You can pick two choices from either half a salad, half a cup of soup, or a sandwich. And then you go on down the line and run into their giant delicious deserts and you realize you're in heaven! Big thick brownies and giant slices of heavenly looking cake. And as a bonus even if you don't get a desert they give everyone a chocolate dipped strawberry as a small treat. That makes me love them all the more really.I have to say that I haven't sampled all of their soups and sandwiches but from what I have tried I have to say the mushroom bisque is to die for and if you love grilled cheese you HAVE to try the Ultimate Grilled Cheese sandwich. The service is fast, they have many people working behind the counter so you never get stuck waiting and waiting and waiting for your food to be prepared. It's a great choice when you need something quick and don't want to resort to a fast food drive through. All in all Cafe Zupas is one of my staples if I'm having a lazy lunch day and want something delicious!
4	A few notables:fastfreshgreat choicesgenerous portionswifigreat serviceCrystal Light! chocolate covered strawberrieslobster bisquecomfortable seatingI will definitely be back, and I'd recommend Cafe Zupas to anyone who likes soups, salads, and sandwiches for lunch. There were so many things on the menu I can't wait to go back and try!
4	After a marathon shopping sesh at Last Chance, my mom & I needed some food! Cafe Zupas did not disappoint. This is a great "meet someone quick for lunch" spot.   As everyone has mentioned, the chocolate covered strawberry with every meal is such a nice touch! They were really accomdating when I wanted to sample like every delish looking soup.  My mom really enjoyed the Lobster Bisque, I loved the cauliflower soup.  The desserts were semi disappointing, but everything else was great.OH! And my favorite part was that they have all of these different syrups that you can mix into your fountain drink.  it's really fun!
4	For years I've been looking for a place to eat that I could consider healthy.  I work right next to this location and have seen the "Coming Soon" sign for a while.  When it finally opened, it took me a while but I finally tried. it.When you first walk in, the staff is beyond nice.  I was the only one in there when they first opened, but was greeted by literally, 10 people.  I even made a comment about everyone being there. I felt like a King!Never have eaten here, I asked what was popular and what was good.  The girl  was great because when i said "its ok to be honest.." She was.   She recommended a salad and said I could customize to how I wanted.  There's a place in Chandler that I loved and I recreated the same salad from that place.She nailed it.The salad was perfect and when you go pay for your food they even throw a chocolate covered strawberry in with your meal.  How cool is that?My only beef with the place.. and actually it's not the place is that it tends to bring in the snobby people in.   I had a near bump in with some guy who had placed is cup in front of me.. I had no idea it was there and said excuse me.  He grunted and gave me this look.  Wow.. ok man.  Chill out.So if you want great sandwiches and salads.  I highly recommend Cafe Zupas.  Love this place and I will definitely be back.
3	Fast, fresh and incredibly cheap. I have had the turkey cranberry sandwich and the turkey bacon Panini and both were well under 5 bucks and pretty good. This place reminds me a lot of Wildflower. The only disappointment was the mushroom bisque soup, it had so much salt in it I couldn't eat it. I had ordered it to go and was already at home or I would have returned it.The chocolate covered strawberries are a nice touch, and the service is friendly. I think this is a great spot to grab a quick lunch, but not much more.
5	We had Cafe Zupas catered for a business meeting last week and it did not disappoint. Whenever food is catered, it's typically Paradise. Wooo (insert sarcasm here)! Paradise isn't bad, but there's just nothing special about it. There were several different kinds of sandwiches to choose from. I got the chicken salad and it was delicious. Everyone else really liked their sandwiches too. The salad was also really good. Not your typical garden or Cesar salad. I'm not quite sure what it was but it had chicken, tomatoes, and feta.. yummy. Now we must also discuss the huge dessert platter that was in front of us. It was filled with chocolate covered strawberries, brownies, cookies dipped in chocolate, and more! I've never seen a dessert try like that before for a work lunch. Of course, I had to try a few of the items and they were all so good!I would definitely make my way to their physical location in the future so that I can try out some other items. And if you're looking to cater for a large group of people, definitely check this place out. Your guests will not be disappointed and it'll make a great impression on them earning you some major brownie points.
4	I really enjoy dining here. The soups are hot, rich and tasty, the salads are really fresh and you can customize them to your liking, the staff is very friendly, and the whole cafe has a bright, contemporary, casual ambiance. You can customize your drinks at their drink bar which has syrups and "recipes" for various combinations. All that and good prices too. This place is a winner.
5	Awesome service! Awesome food! Great prices! Wow!!!
5	Just opened in Desert Ridge and there is also a location near the Biltmore - this soup/salad/sandwich lunch spot hits the spot!The Try 2 is a great way to have a sandwich/soup soup/salad salad/sandwich combo for 7.99.  The sandwiches and salads are good but the soups are out of this world.  Drinks are also excellent - yes its a fountain server a la any other sandwich place, but Zupas has Italian Soda syrups nearby that you can pump into your drink, turning a coke into a Strawberry Cola, or a Ginger Ale (I have not seen this on soda fountain before) into a Raspberry Ginger Ale.Kids giving you trouble?  Got an iPod handy?  No problem - they even have docks and screens for the little ones to watch their favorite movies while you eat in piece.All in all a great place for lunch.Fair warning to weekend lunchers - this place is closed Sundays
1	I just want to let everyone know that they don't wash their strawberries before they dip them in the chocolate, and sometimes the strawberries are moldy. Also they claim to be so healthy but all their sauces are mayo based. That is why they don't have nutrition facts available. They don't want you to know how UN Healthy it is.
2	So apparently 9 out of the 9 employees working today were new? They all were standing around with a confused look on their face. California Turkey was nothing special.
4	Yummy!!!Recently used these guys to cater our office X-mas party, MIHS Card Clinic. The food was great, everyone loved it and the young lady that delivered it was prompt, friendly  and very knowledgeable. We will definitely use them again.Thank You Cafe Zupas.
2	Great Service experience POOR SOUP EXPERIENCE. This location offers a friendly service experience. I can't believe that fresh made soup should taste like they dumped the whole salt shaker in the bowl. The soup was also short on chicken and vegetables, it was mostly broth. I like the place, but with the poor soup quality. It was my first and last experience. I would choose Paradise Bakery for soup over Zupas
3	Between this place and Cafe Rio were are starting to form a "Little Utah" here in Town and Country.  An expansive menu, decent prices, and a super, super friendly staff. Solid lunch offering.
5	It was super busy for lunch on a Friday.  It reminded me of a Panera's but, much better.  I had a half lobster bisque soup and an Asian pork sandwich on soft ciabatta.  It was a first timer and it was excellent.  The chocolate dipped strawberry is a nice touch.  Nice place for lunch.
1	Most Unfortunate! This was our first time in Zupas, we drive by all the time and they always seem busy but now we can't figure out why. The clean and modern decor mixed with the larger than life posters of their food and the word "Perfect" contrasted greatly with the actual food we ordered. I tried the Tuscan white bean soup and my wife tried the cauliflower. They were both so salty we couldn't make it through half the bowl, there was no garnish on either soup and little to no flavor. We split the ultimate cheese sandiwich - also underwhelming, salty and reasonably bland. The beverage selection was poor unless you like soda and the staff seemed oblivious to anyone or anything around them. The best part of the experience was only having to lose $12 on the ordeal and the highlight was leaving. We won't be back and suggest you stay away unless you're into poorly constructed, bad food for cheap.
4	Always a fan of Cafe Zupas and their very friendly staff.  Once critique would be that their soups tend to be very salty.   Now as for their sandwiches: the Turkey Spinach Artichoke and Pesto Chicken are amazing.  Every time I go, I alternate one or the other because they're both so great.  The flavors for each are so incredibly tasty and delicious, writing this right now makes me want to go and get another sandwich!  This place is definitely worth a try.
3	Food is awesome- but, there concept and check out process was horrible-!!! I orders a bowl of soup and panni. By the time i could pay my steamy hot food was just barely warm. You all need to get it together....
4	lunch time  the best food on camelback
3	I don't know why, but when I feel like someone is so precise in their measurement of the ingredients that they wouldn't dare give more than 7 black beans per salad or .38 ounces of soup per serving I hearken back to the scene from Casino where Ace has the two blueberry muffins and he is browbeating the cook to have an equal number of blueberries and that the cook is supposed to "Count them out by hand"...I don't know maybe it is just a personal thing, but I got that feeling at Zupa. In fairness the food was very good and quality, however the checkout procedure is a little mind numbing to say the least and the poor kid at the counter (because it was super busy at lunch) was a overwhelmed and slightly confused at my soup and salad. Overall Zupa's menu selection is good, the food was quality, the place was clean, they could just use a little fine tuning in the "order to table process" and don't be so worried about giving your guest an extra .0023 ounce of lettuce it made me feel like the cost of goods were more important than whether or not I was satisfied.
3	It's not Ruth Chris but for a cheap, quick lunch.....it's good.  I typically get a salad and a soup.  Greens are always fresh and crisp and their Yucatan soup is good.  A few friends have gotten a sandwich and they all said it was an average sandwich.....but i've never tried their sandwich. The service is always quick and they appear to be overstaffed, not sure how the owners handle to overhead with the prices and the amount of staff....but it works.
2	I'm not clear why this place boasts "you can experience the best food the whole world has to offer".  The free chocolate covered strawberry was a nice touch but didn't make this the best restaurant.  It wasn't BAD...it just wasn't that good.
2	I do not recommend. When I ordered my sandwich and asked for a couple substitions, the staff member told me, "I better come only when they aren't busy if I'm going to have these requests." The food was average at best too so needless to say I haven't returned despite the fact I work a mile away.
5	On my most recent dining experience at Cafe Zupas I had a slightly unpleasant experience.  My favorite Turkey Spinach Artichoke sandwich was very different.  The turkey definitely tasted like ham!  As someone who doesn't eat any pork I was a bit troubled by this.  I went up and inquired about this, I was informed that the restaurant was testing a new kind of turkey, supposedly a higher quality ... but was smoked.  For any others who can't or don't eat pork you know smoked anything still tastes like pork, and for some the mental association from the flavor as pork is too much.  I let them know at least my feedback on this and that others who don't eat pork would at least appreciate smoked* being noted on the menu, as I would have avoided this dish.Now, I believe I was talking to a manager, mostly because I have seen her working every single visit, said she appreciated the feedback and asked if she could make another sandwich for me.  Thank you Noe!  This is exactly what I consider excellent service!  While I am bummed my favorite dish has changed - I increased my rating from 4 to 5 stars because of the continued good experiences and now proven great customer service.
5	My sister and I were traveling during a day of grocery shopping and she told me she wanted to stop at this place for a bite to eat. I had never heard of this place and I admit to being a more of a burger and fries gal than a soup and salad chick. She was very insistent and we stopped. She didn't tell me much except that they had good food so imagine my surprise to see the menu with very delicious looking soups, salads, and sandwiches. They have an excellent and unique variety of all three of those items. What looked good to me was the Chicken Enchilada Chili. Sounded great. I got it and was really off put by the color but wow it tastes so GOOD! It was hot, creamy and full of flavor. You get a small piece of bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry. Yum. I was very satisfied with the prices and the quality. I will definitely return again.
2	This is the poor mans Paradise Bakery. Sandwiches are 95% bread and my Thai lobster curry soup was missing the lobster. It took all my energy not to ask for refund.
4	I ordered a pesto chicken panini and a bowl of gumbo. Both were excellent. The sauce was just perfect on the sandwich, and the toppings went very nicely with the chicken. The gumbo was tasty, not that spicy or peppery, but still had a nice flavor.The chocolate-covered strawberry was a nice addition to the meal.I'll definitely be back.
2	The first time I was there I got the vegetarian sandwich and the white bean soup. I was really impressed. But the last few times I've been there the food has been very salty (only the veggie sandwich has been good). The white bean soup had no white beans, only vegetables the last time. Not really impressed anymore. BTW, I got the thai peanut sandwich too, so I have not restricted myself to vegetarian items.
5	Cheap! Delicious! Those are two words that unfortunately, do not go together as often as I would like. I am not exactly in the best uhhh financial situation at the moment. So I often have to sacrifice quality for cheapness.But even when I do become wildly successful, (hopefully exactly 2 weeks after receiving my bachelors degree) I will still remain frugal. I will still have my coffee can of coins and I will still refuse to throw a penny in the pond. Like my depression era grandparents I am going to be that insanely eccentric lady that hides money under the floor boards but don't tell anyone.  So the cheapness of the food was awesome. I only went there a couple of times because I had to head back to Detroit where unfortunately, they do not have a Zupas. The times I went there I got the soup and salad. The salad was pretty amazing...I expected to be kind of spicy because hey it had the word "Thai" in it but it had more of a kick than I was expecting! This is not a bad thing. I think many restaurant owners assume Americans cannot handle spicy and they might be right. In my case, I think people underestimate me...when I ask for spicy I mean it.  I also had the Yucatan Chicken Soup. This also had something of a kick and is AWESOME!The people are super friendly, and even gave me directions. Let's just say I can be um "directionally challenged" and I don't have a car so I either walk or take the bus. I prefer walking and every time they pointed me in the right direction. :) I wanted to get the desert but the only reason I didn't was because it was the most expensive thing on the menu!
4	YUM! Great food at a good price. The place does really well mixing up the food choices.  I eat at the one in Desert Ridge and the Biltmore and the food is consistent and great!!
5	wonderful! i love this palce, the free wifi, the Food is magnificent and overall a must go for LUNCH!
5	I had heard a lot of good things from co-workers about Cafe Zupas, but had never been myself until yesterday. I was amazed at how friendly and patient the staff was, how quickly they prepared my meal, how much food I received for such a small price, and how delicious everything was! I will most definitely be back.
5	I work right by this place and go as often as possible - it is amazing!!!  I'm a veggie hater, but their Wisconsin Cauliflower soup has made me love cauliflower!!!  I also love the Honey Bacon Club sandwich and have tried their deserts - this place rules!  Only con is that they are closed on Sundays, which is ridiculous, this isn't the bible belt for pete's sake!
4	Nice place to grab a sandwich for lunch! Very fast, efficient and friendly workers. A diverse menu to select from. I had a panini sandwich and it was pretty tasty. Food was made to order and still came out amazingly fast. The food prep area was kept very clean. As for the dining area, it was a little neglected, and because of this, there were many people circling about looking for clean tables.Otherwise this is a very decent restaurant. Too bad they're not open on Sundays.
4	I love the fresh ingredients, made from scratch concept and the quality and flavor shows. I had the pick 2 combo with the New England clam chowder and ultimate grilled cheese. The chowder was packed with flavor and very different from any other one I've had. You have the option for add-ons like bacon or asiago croutons, but it really doesn't need it. The grilled cheese was actually a grilled panini with tasty cheese, tomatoes, and a pesto sauce. The preparation and service was quick and friendly. They certainly know how to staff appropriately for when the restaurant is almost full. My only complaint is that this place isn't open on Sundays. Oh well, nobody's perfect.
5	WoW! I was blown away.  Service great.  There is someone at the door if you want some suggestions.  Need something there are some attendees on the floor addressing your needs.food - Fresch delicious and quick. :-O Ambient - causal and full of energy. Vibrant.I love that the food that I ordered and saw on others plates was so full of color.Price - Its pretty reasonable.
1	This place is a joke, ask for a little extra vegs on you salad and they up charge to make the mundane crappy salad 15 dollars. if they served adequate food then i wouldn't need to ask for extra. Complete rip off, hope they go out of business!!!
3	It was okay, a bit inconsistent. I got the lunch combo - soup and salad. The salad was called "nuts for berries" or something along those lines, and it was very strange. It tasted like cereal. How can salad taste like cereal right? My lunch date was very skeptical when I described my salad in that manner, so he tried a bite and his response was "wow it does taste like cereal". Strange and not in a good way. But the soup I chose was good - Wisconsin cauliflower. Although I did not see any cauliflower in my soup, the cheese taste was really great. This earned the place 2 stars. I gave them a 3rd star because they give you a chocolate covered strawberry at the end and that made me happy. I probably would not return here though.
5	I'm surprised there are so few five star reviews. I absolutely loved it. It was inexpensive, there was a large selection of salads, sandwiches and paninis. My friend and I each got a small salad (I got the BBQ ranch chicken and she got something with berries, both were delicious) and a turkey pesto sandwich that we split. Everything was delicious! Very flavorful, fresh, good portions.I will definitely be back soon!
5	This is a great value for the money.  My boyfriend and I go here probably three or four times a month.  They have great low carb choices if you stick with soups or salads (some require a little modification, though), but they are very accommodating with that.  If you're not low carbing, then you can enjoy their absolutely wonderful bread and the chocolate-covered strawberry that comes with each meal.  I also really like their unsweetened tropical iced tea (but wished they carried Sweet N' Low and not just Splenda).I typically get one of their chicken salads or a piping hot bowl of soup.  I really enjoyed their cauliflower cheddar soup.  It was hearty and delicious.  I also like their BBQ chicken salad.
4	My husband and I love this place! It's great for a Saturday lunch (closed on Sundays). We've tried most of their soups, but the mushroom bisque is absolutely the best. All other soups pale in comparison. It's delicious with an Asiago crouton.The sandwiches we've tried are all good, but none of them truly stand out. That's the only reason why I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5. The Mediterranean sandwich they're currently featuring is pretty yummy.I love their soda fountain. They have a variety of flavored syrups, some of them sugar-free, to make your own Italian-style soda. I love Sprite with a bit of raspberry, strawberry, and/or blueberry.With their you-pick-two meals you can get a half size soup, whole sandwich, and a chocolate covered strawberry. After a couple of trips the hubby and I figured out that one meal was plenty for the two of us. This makes it a very wallet-friendly eatery.
4	I've eaten here a few times now. I will say I enjoy how this place is a relaxed atmosphere. However, living in Central Phoenix I tend to favor a less "corporate" feel in a restaurant's ambiance. That's probably the only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars. Also, the parking is not the best because they are sharing a lot with Last Chance, c'mon! Aside from that, here are all the things I enjoy about Cafe Zupas: -The entire staff is friendly. Every person smiles at you, and is kind. I like that.-The food is great and fresh. I have tried a few of their salads and sandwiches and have never been disappointed. In fact, when I'm craving a "good" sandwich I come here. Their panini's are hot and full of flavor (I was in tasteful heaven eating my turkey spinach artichoke panini today). -It's a nice plus that a chocolate covered strawberry comes with any salad or sandwich. -I respect that they're closed on Sundays. All in all, this is a solid food establishment, and I will continue to be a return customer.
4	Yummy. Shanghai chicken salad was awesome. I love the soups too... lobster bisque.. yum. The chocolate strawberry is a nice touch too.True it is corporate feeling but the staff is friendly.
4	There is a lot of competition just from 16th street to 20th street on Camelback.  Cafe Zupas is another decent place with affordable prices.   I think the concept is similar to Paradise Bakery Cafe.  You place your order at the different counter stations, either salad, sandwich, or soup. However, they don't have a coffee station, wish they would, but do have a dessert counter.  They all looked so sweet & delicious!  A plus is while waiting in line, they give you different soups to sample.  I tried the Thai Lobster Curry soup, it sounded better than actually tasted for me.  To be safe, I stick with the clam chowder soup.  It was rich and good flavor, but loaded with more potatoes than clam meat.  All their soups include fresh bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry.  You get to choose 2 combo for $7.99.  The sandwich came as whole not just half along with the soup.  Overall, an excellent spot to get a quick lunch/dinner.
5	Love this place!
5	I am sure you have all been through this scenario...It's lunchtimeYou're hungryYou have no idea what you want to eat.Do you like sandwiches?  Do you like soups?  Do you like salads?Look no further than Cafe Zupas.  If you come here and can't find something that looks good then you are wayyy to picky.  Take it down a notch Mr/Mrs Picky McPickerson5 stars.  Great lunch spot and great for a quick dinner as well.
5	I order their thai mango salad and enchilada soup every time I go and it's amazing every time I eat it. the ingredients are fresh and crisp and the soup is flavorful and creamy. it's the perfect lunch! and I love that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal as a dessert. my fave!!
5	I've visited Zupas a couple of times and this quick and easy place is hard to beat for a quick lunch or easy dinner! With a fantastic selection of sandwiches, soups and salads..all at super reasonable prices ($7.99 for half soup and salad, but are big portions) it's hard to go wrong. The service has always been great, usually above and beyond what you get in any fast, casual restaurant. They greet you at the door and usually someone thanks you for your business as you leave and they make sure your meal was up to your satisfaction. Also, with every meal you get a free chocolate covered strawberry and their soda bar is great! Lots of flavors to create your own custom blend drink and I'm a sucker for a vanilla, diet coke!  The only think I've learned is to request easy dressing on my salad or get it on the side. They can really add too much and kill your diet if you're not careful.
5	Love this place!  Lots of interesting soup, salad and sandwich choices.  Everything delicious and inexpensive.
4	Don't be turned away by the 4 stars this place is really good, and the service was outstanding polite, these people need to go work for Disney World they were so nice and friendly!! So I'm in town for a few days and wanted to get some soup, and was recommended by a native to try CAFE ZUPAS and she didn't steer me wrong.  They had about 10 different soups to choose from, and not just your typical boring soups either. in addition to the soup you have CYO salad, you cant go wrong with the 1/2 and 1/2 soup, salad combo. We had the wild mushroom (OMG YUMMY), Chicken Chipotle (not for me but sis loved it) and the lobster bisque (this is why I'm giving it 4 stars) was too fishy. Now I'm from the east coast and have had my fair share of true lobster bisque from "The Cape" (cape cod for those of you who haven't been) so i feel i have enough to stand on to say it wasn't good. Other then that its a great place, food, service and clean!!
4	Definitely a fan of this place. After my first experience, it was nothing like what I expected and reminds me of a personalized Panera.  I enjoyed a small summer chicken salad which was a nice size portion for a small.  The sandwiches and soups look delicious and I look forward to testing them out on one of my next visits back here.  The food is not expensive and the employees are friendly!I thoroughly enjoyed the complimentary chocolate covered strawberry!
4	I reallyyyyy like this place! We had a catering order for a colleague's birthday last week, and it was fabulous! Everything came in boxed lunches with labels of each person's name, which everyone thought was great (considering every other food delivery comes in bags or a mess of plates). They have a wide variety of soups, sandwiches and salads - but, what I really loved was how different the selection was from your typical deli/cafe. Example: Thai Peanut Sandwich.. where are you going to find that?!The customer service was awesome. They were thorough and very fast with their delivery, and even called the next day to check and see how the food was. Everyone liked their food and we all decided we would definitely use them again for our next work lunch. Even if it's not for catering or delivery, you should try this place.
2	They come off as trying to be healthy.. In reality they are not. All of the soups are cream based, and both soups i had were way too salty. Salads were average ar best. I honestly like paradise bakery and panera better. For a healthy restaurant there is bread everywhere and the bread served with the soup was at best average. We will not be back
4	After practically running out of Twin Peaks (in the same plaza), we tried this place instead. We loved it. If you had to compare it to something, the closest I'd say is Paradise Bakery. Differences: large and creative dessert selection, better soup selections too. The desserts aren't bakery style, most of the offerings were brulee, mousse, and fruit tarts. It has more lighting and modern feel to it as well. The sandwich offerings are pretty similar. The only reason I gave it four stars is the turkey cranberry sandwich I had was great, but the cucumber on it made a bit of an odd combination. Also the chocolate hazelnut brulee was more like a mousse, but still delicious (and very rich).It was pretty slow most of while we were there, the staff were very friendly and everything was clean. We're looking forward to eating here again.
3	For some reason the ordering process in this place always pisses me off. How many times do I have to repeat myself. The whole point of an assembly line is to increase speed and efficiency.The food is good. The chowders are salty most of the time, but sometimes they have a new soup that tastes amazing. Ask for samples. I've tried the pesto chicken sandwich and loved it. You get a chocolate covered strawberry for dessert. A consolation prize for having to deal with the people who work in that traumatizing assembly line.
5	I placed an order today for several "try 2" combos with sandwich and either salad or soup to go. All of the sandwiches and soups/salad were excellent. Good portions at a very reasonable price. Tiffany was very helpful and even gave me a drink while I waited for my order. I will definitely be back very soon.
5	WOW.This place is exactly what I've been looking for. It's so simple, SALADS SOUPS & SANDWICHES. But what makes this place special is the options.I don't eat meat (land animals) so I was excited to see a crab meat sandwich and multiple types of lobster soup and other non meat options. This place earns it's stars from me because it's in a convenient location and it offers no meat non fried options and a reasonable price! This combination is extremely hard to find. 7.99 and I've got a complete meal, that's amazing value to me. The other thing I appreciate about this place is it's well thought out, they even have a charging station with USB inputs so you can charge your phone WHY DONT ALL PLACES HAVE THIS!?!?
2	I gave them several chances, really wanting to have better experience. But every time I leave unsatisfied. Food is either bland, or so salty that it's inedible. They don't have that many meatless options, which is kinda lame. I do like the price however, last time 2 of us had lunch for $13 which is awesome, but next time I will probably just stroll the Camelback to Paradise bakery or some other soulless chain with slihtly tastier food
5	Great Food and Prices.  Staff very nice.  And you get a free strawberry with your order.
1	Was excited to hear about this place as we love soup. I ordered the bean soup and if there were 6 beans in it, that was a lot. Returned it to the counter. Ordered something else and paid extra for pasta. They charged 50 cents for about a tablespoon of orzo. What a ripoff! Loud "music" and ugly decor and plastic spoons that are thin and small. The employees were chirpy but brain dead and were more interested in talking to each other than in providing info about the soups or helping us figure out how to order. Which won't be a problem for us as we would NEVER go back. The strawberry was small and  withered and since it was free it was worth the cost but not more.
5	Love this place, I go at least twice a week. This place is so much better than the other ones in town. They have the most amazing tomato soup I have ever had, it is very different but so yummy. Their customer service is outstanding, I'm always in and out in a timely manner. Oh and the best part? You get a free chocolate covered strawberry with every meal!
5	I just got 4 wisdom teeth pulled and came here for soup, I was so happy with my meal I got 2 soups (one to take home lol) thank you!
4	Honestly, I enjoyed this place more than I expected to. Tasted less like fast food and more like food. I'd put it on par with Chipotle for taste vs fast foodishness. Is that a word? The comparisons to Paradise Bakery are spot on, but each one has their niche. I liked that there were essentially make your own salads available, and everything in the salad area looked fresh and yummy. The half soup + sandwich combo was great, but too much food for me. I would LOVE if they did half a soup and half a sandwich. Oh, and the meals come with a chocolate covered strawberry on the side.I had what was essentially a grown up grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup, and it was really good. The tomato soup came with orzo, but it was a tiny scoop of it and the orzo didn't add much so I'm kind of glad I didn't pay extra for it as an add-on.
5	Thai Peanut Chicken sandwich was really good. Give it a try..........................................
4	Nice fresh fast food concept. Salads, soup, sandwich....you choose or 2.They even give you a chocolates dipped strawberry. Who doesn't like that. Nice new facility with a iPod bar.
3	Generic soup, salad, sandwich place with lots of options. I picked a soup and half sandwich combo, with the turkey avocado Panini and chicken tortilla soup. The sandwich looked so unappealing and didn't taste much better than that. The soup was decent. I liked the chocolate covered strawberry...wasn't expecting that. I think this is a good addition to the plaza, but I would rather go to the Biltmore for Paradise Bakery.
5	The combo meal was a great deal and it tasted great.  They even give you a free chocolate strawberry which is a plus. I would definitely suggest coming here if your looking for a sandwich and salad.
5	I used to eat at Cafe Zupas a lot when I lived in Utah, so I was excited to find this one in Arizona. The grilled cheese is always a good choice! The soup is pretty tasty as well. They offer to let you try the soup and always have a nice atmosphere
5	This place is amazing. I love the food and everyone there is very friendly and polite. Always a great experience.
4	Do you ever just have that craving for a delicious sandwich and a bowl of soup without all the fuss and goings-on..........this is the place.I've even used this for company events, catering in for my work group - everyone loves it.Chain or not - this place is just simple goodness.........friendly staff, modern surroundings, an amazing beverage bar..........you gotta try it.
3	Tried their California sandwich - it was so-so as their bread seemed thick and rather dry/bland. My mom had their tortilla soup and reported how scrumptious it was. Best part of the meal? Chocolate-covered strawberry. Such a decadent treat!Location is great also; I would imagine a lot of workers in Camelback Corridor/Biltmore dine her for their work lunch.
4	Soups and sandwiches are a simple, satisfying combo. When I spotted this place in the Camelback Colonnade, I had no idea what type of restaurant it was. Since I was starving and wanted something healthier than the pizza my boyfriend kept suggesting (NYPD is always tempting).  I figured anything with the word "Cafe" in the title might have something nutritious? Upon walking in this brightly lit restaurant, I could tell it was a chain..but I don't mean that in a bad way. Like the other reviewers, it reminded me of Paradise Bakery. They have a standard list of sandwiches and many soups to choose from and everything comes with a chocolate dipped strawberry. The staff is super friendly and helpful, no complaints there. I ordered the Vegetarian Sandwich and attempted to order the Cauliflower soup. Sadly, they were just about out of the soup I wanted, so I opted for mushroom instead. What I liked is the numerous amount of soups that are vegetarian friendly. (Comparatively speaking, Paradise's super delicious tomato soup isn't? Imagine my disappointment finding out that.) Anywho!  Boyfriend ordered the Asian BBQ pork and tomato basil soup. Both of our meals came out quickly and were super delicious. The vegetarian sandwich is a pretty easy peasy sandwich, tough to screw up unless you're using gross veggies. Side note? The soda fountain is pretty cool. While I rarely drink soda, I definitely enjoy a coke here & there. They have the option of adding Italian syrups to your soda! Instant "Italian soda", if you want to call it that..they did. I don't know if I really agree.  The only "meh" part of the meal was the chocolate dipped strawberry. I didn't find it all that impressive-the chocolate had a weird flavor. It was free there, so I can't knock them too much.
4	I've been remiss in writing this review, as I went here almost 8 months ago. The food was good and the prices were even better. I don't remember exactly what I had, but that's ok because my food was good, as was my wife's and my mom's. So, I feel confident in going back at any time and getting a good meal.
4	Great casual lunch place with lots of room and parking considering it is located in the busy Biltmore area. The pick-two combos are very reasonably priced and they serve a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. Their chicken enchilada chili is very tasty.
5	The food here is always great and the staff are always friendly.  I just wish they were open on Sunday!  Everything I have tried here is great.
5	Really impressed with this place. The food is really really good. I loved their chicken tortilla soup and their tai mango salad. So so so good. The staff is really friendly and I love that you get chocolate covered strawberries with your order! It's def. my go to place for a good soup and salad.
5	The Wild Mushroom Bisque is stunning in its savory lusciousness. This is one of the best soup and sandwich shops in a very competitive market.
5	This was our second time here and we are sold. We have completely changed our loyalty from Paradise Bakery to Cafe Zupas. First of all, their employees are so nice. They helped us to our table, got high chairs for us and were all around super friendly. Second, the food is very good! Get the tomato soup even if it's 115 outside. It's delicious. And don't forgot to get a chocolate covered strawberry!
4	Interesting place! The cell phone charging station is cool. The food was good and the staff was really nice and funny. I'm a sucker for smiles and cheeriness! Will definitely come back to try other menu items!!
3	Zupas has a great selection of semi healthy to healthy items. My son adores the clam chowder and i am a fan of the mushroom bisque. I love that we get a hunk of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry with our order. The reason i give only 3 stars is that twice when i have ordered my mushroom bisque i got lobster bisque instead and i have seafood issues. In both cases i took the soup back to the counter and i kinda felt like they were looking at me as if i ordered wrong. The other annoying thing is there not being open on Sundays which makes me think they are owned and operated by the same religious group that operates chik filet.
4	Soup For YouRecently, my friends and I went to  Zupas for lunch. Zupas resembles a cafeteria-style, with fresh salads, soups, and sandwiches. We were greeted at the door as a  employee passed out menus to view while waiting in line. I choose to create my own salad  (half salad) and it was delicious. Iceberg lettuce, chicken, apples, cranberries, asiago cheese, topped with cinnamon pecans and pomegranate dressing.  Oh did I mention Zupas gives bread and a chocolate covered strawberries with every order.Zupas offers value deals. The choose two deal (sandwich,soup, or salad) is fairly priced but the sandwiches are pretty average tasting, nothing all that special.  Maybe that is because they are trumped by their delicious soup (chicken enchilada chili).The service is friendly and quick with no lunch line hold up. Plenty of seating with  employees who happily picked up our empty plates.  An excellent option for a quick, or leisurely, lunch that won't put a dent in your wallet.
5	I rarely give 5 stars. .so this is a treat.  Let me tell you the crab melt along with the Caribbean salad was so delicious I felt guilty eating it.If you're like me, don't believe it till you try it...you won't regret it.Service is always excellent.
3	Five stars for the fresh, consistently delicious food, swift cheerful service and cheery decor with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. Minus two stars for the always excessively loud music requiring the staff and I to shout at each other to be heard. So loud I can't sit in the restaurant and chat with my husband during a meal. Why drive me away? Make it pleasant to stay and I'll go back to the counter for dessert.
5	If you're ever in the mood for sandwiches, salads and soup you must come try Zupas! I went here for lunch after my bestie suggested this place and I loved the food. I ordered the Thai Mango Chicken salad with a side of the Lobster Bisque and my boyfriend got the Club sandwich. The salad and soup was delicious! Everything tasted fresh and flavorful and I love that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal
5	Better version of Paradise Bakery.  Fast service, and not too bad for calories
2	This place just opened up near Arrowhead Mall, looks like a chain so I assume there are other locations. This is a review for the Arrohead store. Place looked interesting as I drove by, so I went for lunch yesterday. Got the half Cuban and lobster bisque, and a clam chowder for my wife. Cuban was OK, not really authentic, bisque didn't have much lobster, but I didn't expect it to. everything tasted good, fresh, nothing really wrong with it, but not great or memorable. cost about $15. Today I went back for a half a chop salad and the bean soup. the chop salad was average, the blue cheese dressing had virtually no cheese in it. the white bean soup, I can't find any white beans, if they are in there they have been cooked down to mush. didn't taste bad, but not great. also got a cheese cake for my wife for later in the evening. again the bill was around $15, the food is mediocre, not great or memorable and $15 is a lot for lunch. I doubt I will become a regular of this place, it's average.
2	I really wanted it to be good. I love the concept behind what they do. I love the menu. But the sandwich I got tasted like the worst deli meat ever. I got the turkey club which had only 3 slices of this crap meat.  Chicken looked likethe same chicken as subway. Nasty. Stick to the soups and salads.
4	Healthy convenient and AFFORDABLE! The best quick healthy lunch I'm the area!!! I'm hooked. Staff is so friendly make eye contact and always smiling! Thank you cafe zupa for helping is stay healthy and happy.
5	Awesome fresh soup, salad, and sandwich place. Everything is fresh and flavorful. My favorite is the Mushroom Bisque. And every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry!
2	Well it was my first time here.... An employee opened the door for us which seemed like it annoyed her that I was looking at the menu that was outside, we walk in still looking at the menu and was asked for us to order I felt really rushed, and confused on how to order. I ordered the turkey bacon avocado sandwich which I tried really hard to at least semi enjoy it but it was gross. I also ordered the summer chicken salad which was actually good. My son ordered the grilled cheese and he took one bite and refused to eat the rest stating it tasted funny... Which my kid can be a picky eater but a grilled cheese? I didn't particularly  care for the environment it was kind of cluttered together in my opinion. I liked the salad but not enough to go back...  Arrowhead location
5	Awesome, mouth watering food! Disgusting bathrooms!!! Ordered the mushroom bisque soup and California club. I can't rave about how delicious this food was because there isn't enough words in the dictionary. Devine! Even my boyfriends choice was amazing too... I stole a bite or two :) This was our first time there because we live in Chandler but we were on that side of town around lunch time. After we ate I went to the restroom and was kinda blown away because the food was so swell and the restaurant was pretty, bathroom nasty! My advice to management or owner is keep it clean! I saw an employee windexing a window with plenty of free time to go clean the bathroom. All in all the food is amazing! I would of rather peed outside however
3	Extremely loud at lunch time.  Between the acoustics and loud adult contemporary on the Muzak system you don't want to stay long.  The Cuban sandwich is the best in the valley and the Wisconsin cheese soup is delicious.  Staff is friendly and if you have a sweet tooth lots of great choices.
4	I really like Cafe Zupas. Great soups, among other things. Their Veggie sandwich is very good.
5	Come hungry. Best sandwiches
5	This is some serious eats!Tucson needs to get one!This is better than Paradise, Panera, and even better than Beyond Bread. This is a beyond bread experience.First, the menu is neatly organized. Sandwiches, first column paninis. Next panel, salads. First column more sweet, second column more savory. Third panel, soups.The sandwiches are incredible. I had the Crab Melt. The salads are delightful. I had the Super Foods with blackberries, pomegranate, walnuts, spinach, other stuff topped with blueberry pomegranate vinaigrette. One of the best salads I've ever had.The second day, (YES, I went back the next day because the previous day I sampled their...) soup! Homemade from scratch. You see, they have a combo special for only $8.xx where you can get a full sandwich and a half salad or soup. Or you can get a half salad and half soup. Or you can get a sandwich and a half soup. I had the sandwich/salad combo the first day. The soup samples sent me to heaven. I returned the next day.Tucson needs one of these.Next day I had the Thai Mango Salad and the Roasted Red Pepper Lobster soup. My wife had the Shanghai Chicken salad and the Wild Mushroom Bisque. So, so, so good. We also shared a berry creme brulee and a Rocky Road brownie.They actually had fountain ginger ale. I've never seen that anywhere. That alone gets a star. And then you could squirt some Italian soda syrup in. At the soda station for free. I put in a dash of raspberry. Yum.Tip: only get a half size for the salad and soup. I really do not see how anyone could eat a full size as the half size are SO generous!5 stars. No less.
2	The restaurant was very clean, very modern, and well-staffed with bright smiling faces. The expansive bank of shining menu screens lit the entire ordering area in a sterile blue glow, and the eating area is deceptively large, bigger than the building appears from outside even. The cafeteria-style counter gives an excellent view of the fresh salads, the soups are all well-marked and taster samples are freely offered to indecisive patrons. Initially I went for a bowl of Yucatan Chicken Tortilla soup and an Asian BBQ Pork sandwich, and quickly devoured them both. Unfortunately the meal quickly turned south on me, and my lunch was not enjoyed for long. I wasn't sure if I could cast blame for the sudden illness on Cafe Zupas (neither of my lunch mates got sick), so some weeks later I returned to the establishment with the same friends to further explore the menu...A bowl of lobster bisque soup and a turkey bacon avocado sandwich this time, but ultimately experienced the same results. Quick-onset stomach cramps and the other lovely symptoms of which I will spare you detail. As much as I enjoyed the atmosphere, menu variety, service and location, I enjoy not being sick much more. After careful thought and consideration, I think the food may not be entirely to blame. I believe it may be an reaction to the cleaning products they use for their soup bowls. I'm not going back to test the hypothesis though...
5	Great selection of soups, sandwiches and salads and most importantly quality ingredients.  I will definitely be back.
5	I really love this place. Had the turkey cranberry sandwich and Clam chowder soup and was not disappointed. The sandwich bread is soft, and complimented well with sprouts and cranberry sauce...perfection!   The clam chowder was not too thick or watered down, was the right consistency with the right amount of ingredients. The restaurant is clean, spacious and well designed. The beverage counters are away from the check out counters and complete with shots of your favorite berry flavor to add an extra kick to your drinks. Last, they have a nice selection of desserts for your after meal delight. First time here, but will be my new favorite.  The salads are unbelievable!
4	Wow no wonder this place is hoppin! The salad options are incredible. Seriously some of the best ranch I've ever had.  I ordered a 1/2 chicken chop salad & full California sandwich came out to $9 with a drink not bad considering you usually pay that price for 1/2 salad 1/2 which elsewhere.  The full salads are huge!  They have a nice selection of hot sauce and free Italian soda mix ins no sugar free ones but a nice touch.  Customer service was great everyone was real friendly & prompt,  very clean & modern inside
4	First time here ... the greeter (yes, there is a greeter) was very helpful in letting me know how to order and how to navigate the menu. I ordered a half BBQ salad and it was prepared in less than 3 mins, although there was nobody in line besides me at the time. The salad came dressed a little heavier than I prefer so next time I'll order it on the side, if that's an option. It was a good salad but not mind blowing, but the free chocolate covered strawberry was a nice touch.I'm sure I'll come back some day to try one of their many soups ... or at least for that strawberry.
5	I am in love with this place! I haven't met one item on Zupas menu that I didn't like. People who work at this location are awesome too!
5	My favorite place to find a great sandwich, salad, or soup. Blows Paradise Bakery/Panera Bread out of the water. I wish they had one in the west valley, but I will keep driving to Phoenix for this one until then!
5	This place is so great. I come here every time we are in the area. The honey cilantro carnitas is delicious and every meal comes with bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry. More than enough food! And it takes a lot of willpower to make it past the dessert area. The food always comes out quick and hot too. Love it! Oh and check out their cookbook for $15, it looks amazing!
5	The catering team here are superheroes. Tiffany Claxton and team came to my rescue today for a corporate catering order, and prepared 80 perfect sandwich boxes in the matter of a couple hours! And still delivered on time! The sandwiches are fantastic; my favorite is the Italian, and everyone in my office loves the chocolate-dipped cookies. I'm eternally grateful for this absolutely delicious caterer and will continue to order monthly. THANK YOU GUYS!!!!
2	went in for dinner tonite. Order a sandwich and soup combo.. Sandwich was Turkey, bacon, avocado panini, and the soup I chose was Roasted Red Pepper with lobster. Sandwich was sliced turkey meat-like you get in the grocery store deli counter. The avocado was not slices of fresh avocado. Instead it was mashed avocado. The bacon was soft with no texture at all. Then there was the soup. First of all, it was lukewarm. I had to ask them to re-heat it. Maybe it is just me, but I hate the texture of roasted red pepper soup if it hasn't been run thru the chinois. IMHO, it should be run thru the chinois to give it a smooth, creamy texture. Just an overall disappointing visit.
5	Great place for a fresh soup, sandwich or salad. Had the Cuban sandwich with the Maui Tropical Chicken Salad, OMG I was soooooooooo full and the taste buds were soooooooooo happy, servers and staff were a delight, will go again.
2	Food was actually pretty good, very fresh. But I have never seen a restaurant be so stingy with portions. Geez! They get out an exact measuring device for each and every ingredient. I'm surprised they didn't weigh the salad at the end to be 100% certain it was 5.7897 ounces. A little short on the portion size and you pay a little too much for what you get. It is clean, and staff is customer friendly.
2	The food I've had here is pretty good but they have somethings to work out.The biggest is the ordering process.  You are handed a menu when you walk in and people stand around the line entrance figuring out what they want.  Once you know what you want, you can't just order it.  You have to walk through a hurried line where seemingly every person on the way asks you what you ordered or if you want what they have to offer.  You tell them what you want then at the end of the line, a disorganized pile of prepared dishes sits at the end of the line when you are again asked everything you ordered and expected to remember what the name of your sandwich, salad, or soup was called.I agree with the other reviewer about how stingy they are.  For me it was the "upgrades" that I have an issue with.  None of their soups come garnished.  Want tortilla strips on your tortilla soup?  That's an extra $.69.   A Tablespoon of orzo pasta in our tomato soup?  $.69 extra per scoop.All in all, their food is good, but these issues make me go here 1 out of 10 times I think about it.  Throw the crazed parking that Camelback Colonade offers and it's just not worth it any more often than once every few months.
3	What kind of restaurant doesn't have Caesar Dressing or Chicken Breast? Other than that, my sandwich and salad were good once I could find something on the menu that fits my tastes.
4	I really liked this quick casual place.  The sandwiches and soup were great.
5	Great place when you have to have a great homemade soup. Less than 5 for a good size bowl. Tomato basil was my choice. Came with very fresh bread five star service, clean & tasty. The large chocolate dipped strawberry was a nice finish. Similar atmosphere as chipotle.
4	I can't believe I haven't been in Cafe Zupas before...this place is great!  I enjoyed the chicken enchilada chili with tortilla strips, a baguette, chocolate covered strawberry and an Italian soda.  Super friendly staff, nice dining room and delicious food!
4	An amazing restaurant with a variety of fresh, delicious food. From Salads to Sandwiches to soups, they'll have something to suit your taste! Will not disappoint!
2	They forgot the chicken and dressing in my Glazed Chicken Chipotle salad.BOO!I ate the strawberry first then dunked into my salad, when about the 3rd bite I was looking for chicken and realized it was a dry salad!  No lunch for me :(I went after work and they gave me a new one after I showed the dry greens.  I finally ate lunch while waiting for the kiddos to get off of school at 3pm in the school parking lot.  Had it not been for this big hiccup, I might have liked it more.
