4	I've been going to this Fuddrucker's since early '09, and I hope that all of the issues that Tara M. brought up in her review have been addressed, it seemed fairly clean in the ten or so visits I've made this year. I dig their burgers, legit fresh quality ground beef cooked up on the spot works for me. The buns are delectable, and a perfect compliment. Nice condiment bar with a good selection of choices, and big, seasoned fries (wedge-style) round things out nicely. Yes, the interior is kinda kitschy and tacky (long overdue for an update or total remodel), and the exterior is pretty dated, but I don't come here for those things. It's a little on the pricey side, but I'm willing to throw down a few extra bucks for the quality of food which has been very consistent here.
4	OMG!  Hadn't visited one of these chains in YEARS!  Went with a friend last Sunday afternoon and had the best burger around!  I'm definitely putting this on my list of stops.  My hubby loves burgers so this is going to be on our regular route.  They have the most amazing and CLEAN buffet of all you can pile on yummy toppings. The fries, well I ate everyone one; although I think they could be better.They had a great option of meats, whole wheat or white bun and again the buffet of toppings. We split a 2/3 pounder and it was more than enough.  If all you want is a hot juicy burger and fries this is the spot.  I know enough about beef to know theirs is top notch!
1	This place is disgusting!!  The bun was dry and stale.  The veggie burger was yucky... I don't think I have ever had one I didn't like before.  The kids meals are miniscule.  The topping bar is so simple and plain.  The dips are not very good... cheese dip is YUCK!  Drink choices stink.  Cookies taste raw and boring.  Almost forgot to add that the two young kids didn't even care for the french fries because they are seasoned.  I thought they were a total waste of calories.  I can't believe the prices either... so not cheap or even worth what you pay for.
2	i don't see how this place is much better than some other fast food establishments. i'd rather go to in n n out.
4	When you want a burger and don't feel like Wendy, Mcdonalds etc, grabbing a burger and fries here is pretty good. The burger is made to order and the bun is great. I really like the fresh topping bar with lettuce, tomato etc.Having a little cheese sauce to dunk my fries in is a a bit difference. While I wouldn't want all my fries like this, a few does the trick.I took a bite and of my wife's hot dog and was really good. The hot dog was grilled well and had nice flavor. The bun was also tasty.Coke products are served here.The service was fast the decor on the wall is different, but cool.I will definitely be back!
2	4 years ago I would have given this place 4 stars. 4 because they used to serve Pepsi products and that's is just a personal preference. Also they prices then were in par with other locations across the country.The food, correction the burgers are 5 stars in my book. The reason I give this place 2 stars is mainly that they are $2 -$3 more for their meals then all the locations here in Dallas. I can get a 1/2 lbs Bacon Cheese Burger combo for $8.99. My other complaint is that they don't have any Big Kids Meals for $5 flat. It means a small burger with fries, a chicken strip, cookie and a drink, or just 4 chicken strips with same stuff as the burger one. I've never been a big fan of their fries, but that never stopped me for driving an 1 1/2 hrs to a Fuddruckers in MN for example.This particular locations condiment bar has also been reduced. No more red onions and they seem to have a hard time keeping the mayo and ketchup filled.Fudds still has my business cause they are my favorite burgers, just not this location.
4	Sometimes, you just want a fat, juicy, really good burger. For those times, I usually hit up Fuddruckers. At Fuddys, I always know what I am gonna get. For those of you not familiar with Fuddys, its a walk up to order deal where you choose the size, style, and doneness of your burger, all sides are separate, and you get to choose your toppings from a buffet of everything you could imagine to go on a burger. NOW THAT'S A BURGER! I always get the smallest burger, no cheese (you will hear why in a second) with a large side of fries for me and the hubby to share. Now I am gonna let ya in on a little secret... They have free unlimited nacho cheese sauce!!!!!!!!!     :O    Now this is gonna probably sound a bit crazy and gross but I love nacho cheese sauce! I love it so much that I think a nacho cheese fountain would be incredible and I would buy one to have at every single event I throw. I literally could drink the stuff! So there you go, and insiders secret: save yourself some money and do not order cheese on your burger and just lode it with nacho cheese sauce. Unless of course you are some crazy uptight weirdo that doesn't like cheese sauce... In that case, I would say you probably don't belong at Fuddys. Oh yeah, I like to also drench my fries in that exquisite sauce. Soooo yummy. K so before wrapping up this review, I am going to be kind and let you all in on my secret burger recipe that I make every time I am at Fuddruckers. Get ready for a total foodgasm! I like to call it a "Jenn's Nacho Burger." I get a plain burger and put tons of nacho cheese (the regular kind but you can get the spicy cheese if you like more spice, oh yeah forgot to mention there are two kinds, what what!), salsa/ pico de gallo (yes they have it and its perfectly square chunks of tomato, onion, jalapenos, and some cilantro), extra diced onions (what can I say, I am an onion lover), and some jalapenos. YUM!!! You can send me a message to thank me later   :O So moving on from the foodporn, I would say the service here is ok. Its nice that you don't have someone waiting on you so you do not have to tip. Nevertheless, the people you encounter for a whole 2 minutes to order your food from have always been friendly. As for the atmosphere,  this location, like most of their locations, are a bit dark and dreary with dated decor. This is also a total family spot so there are kids running around everywhere. Unfortunately, Fuddy's would have gotten five stars if it were not for this and the fact that once or twice, my burger was overcooked. Oh well, nothing unlimited nacho cheese can't fix!
3	Always spot on with delicious burgers and shakes; can't go wrong with this chain restaurant. However I am not a fan of carpeted floors where food crumbs, etc can gather. Although other reviewers have much more negative feedback about this issue and bugs, I have not experienced such problems and it may be due to I tend to dine here either before or after the lunch crowd.  As Arnold the Govinator said "I'll be back"...
4	Can't say I've had the best food at this location, but it's not horrible. They have great, friendly service, but they just don't make their burgers the same way as other locations.
4	Great burgers, awesome chicken sandwiches, ginormous hotdogs, yummy shakes, and tasty condiments. The prices aren't too bad, for as much food as you get. We've been to this location plenty of times and never had any issues.
4	Very good.  Always get the 1 pounder and then spilt it.  Being able to load up the burger with whatever is a good deal.  Meat quality is good.  Bread/bun is good.  Price isn't horrible.
4	Been coming to Fuddruckers since I was a kid, but this location since I was in college. Burgers is their go-to, but I come here for the chili cheese fries. I can get a decent lunch for less than $5 here, and still get as much food as a burger meal. Getting the chili cheese fries and maybe a toasted lone bun is all I need. I always ask for a water cup as well, no different that the regular drink cup. So I save myself another $2 there. easy as pie!They have a fixing bar where their is an assortment of veggies and condiments to one's pleasing. There is where I can load up on additional veggies to my chili cheese fries. If you want more condiments that can fit in those white cups, just ask for a dressing cup. Now you can dip your burger into such sauce. Also one can order from the kids menu, and comes with a cookie as well. Fill up at the fixing bar and you can be set possibly.
3	I was really looking forward to this:  A burger.  A nice, BIG, juicy, fresh, yummy burger at a sit down restaurant that specializes in burgers.  This was going to be my first visit to Fuddruckers and I had high expectations.Well, eh.Yeah, it was a burger.  Good but not great.  Not bad, just not exciting.  Nothing special to see here--just a burger.  I thought In n Out tasted a good deal better.  They're a lot cheaper too.If someone suggests Fuddruckers to me sometime again as a place to eat, I'll go, but if you ask me for a destination if you're looking for a patty between two buns, there are a number of other places that I would suggest instead of it if you gave me the chance.
4	Their basic hamberger $5, good portion, you can piled up tomatoes; lettuce; from the "self help" station.Great Value !My family all agreed the flavor is better than In-&-Out.You can also sign up for Fuddrucker Club online & get a free meal on your birthday.
5	Fuddrucker's is fantastic! Have no idea what these people are saying about roaches and crumbs on the carpet (blah blah blah) burgers are delicious and the buns are even better!
3	Pretty decent a bit too much salt but I found out you can say 'no white spice' when you order and they'll hold off.  Overall we really like this chain and it's worth stopping in here if you like a great burger.  We're disappointed that so many have been closed down, if your reading this driving down the highway, check and make sure they're open.  Anyway, consistently good food, fresh condiments and overall good experience.
4	Really good chocolate shake.
3	FuddpackerBy The RueOn the court I'm like a praying mantis,When the kids and I are in the Bahamas,We stay at the Atlantis, Before I eat at Fuddrucker'sI don't smoke the cannibis. Here you can get a beer but not saki, I usually love Fuddrucker's,But this time my bun was soggy,I got the 1/2 pound burger combo,When I got back to work I was groggy, Flipping burgers with a spatula,You can add cheese or grilled onions,Saw a guy who looked like Scott Bacula,Had to do a double take,No it wasn't Count Chocula,There were a few hotties eating lunch, Tight jeans with sparkly things on the back,Tried to catch their eye, their burger I'd munch,Looked away before the boyfriend saw me,In my money maker he surely would punch, I love that they have jalapeno nacho cheese,Build your own topping station, I shred on a snowboard and even on skis,Is that really necessary in this review,I won't even stop when you say please.  BEDAZZLER!!!
5	Great place to get a really good hamburger and fresh selection of things to put on your burger....this evening when I got here before others in my party I went up to the counter to purchase a soda to drink while waiting. When I mentioned I was waiting to order until the rest of my group arrived she asked if I planned to order a combo later. I said I did, so she handed me a glass and told me just to take it and I could pay for it  with the food I ordered later. Saved me a little over $2....great food and pleasant people...highly recommended!
4	I'd go back.I don't eat burgers, so I oped for a grilled chicken sandwich... was pretty damn tasty.My favorfite part is the self help bar with toppings and all the various dips!I helped myself to quite a bit of nacho cheese that I then dipped everything in.  Healthy.
5	I love Fuddruckers because I can put my own toppings on including gooey, melty fake cheese!  Also, they have frings (a combo of fries and onion rings).  Very tasty.
3	I'm pretty skeptical when it comes to anything buffet style but this was an unexpected treat... I still don't like the fact that you have to go to a little bar to put condiments on your burger but it is what it is and their burgers are really good! They have a pretty good menu for a burger place. I've never had bad service here it's pretty straight forward and if it's your first time they explain how it works which is always nice.
5	Stopped in here for lunch today with Robyn N. & Mike C.  I see that most are only giving this one 4 Stars, but I loved my burger & onion rings & don't really see how it could have been any better!  You get to put on all of your own toppings, & there were plenty to choose from, so that's on you!  The bun was large, soft & fresh, the burger patty was tasty & you had a choice of four sizes up to one pound (!).  The onion rings were crisp & delicious...  much better than the ones at Ted's that everyone raves about, I think!SO (yes I know you can't start a paragraph with "So"), I thought it was right up there with Smashburger & the other premium burger places around the Valley!  Not only that, the menu here is extensive, with lots of tempting things to try on repeat visits, such as burgers of elk, boar & buffalo, just for starters.  YUM!     :-)) 1/2 lb. Fudd's Prime Burger $5.89, Onion Rings $2.79
3	Had lunch here with Robyn N. and Rand H. for a fast food burger it was ok but I like a home burger much better. Even most bar burgers have more flavor.The french fries are good fresh cut fries and the toppings are added by you. If the fries had been not fresh and the topping bar weak which it was not I would have given them two stars.
4	After 12 years my office has moved, so checking out the new area and finding new lunch time eats, and what a lucky duck I am, I am now in the midst of a foodie heaven, so much to choose from.  Coworkers and I were craving a burger and thought well Fuddruckers is right up the street so let's give it try.Headed over their high noon on a Friday, got in right away, placed our order and got our food and was back in the office in 45 mins!The burger was just right, I ordered a 1/3 pound cheeseburger with French fries, it was cooked to perfection, loaded it with my favorite toppings.  Great to add this place to my lunch time eats, when I'm craving a beefy burger I will be back!
1	I have never liked the food at Fuddruckers.  I am convinced that they use the fake beef that Taco Bell does. Their burgers taste like salt and butter flavored pam to me.  This location is particularly awful since it is a total mess all the time and the employees don't seem to want to be there.
5	Once again very friendly people. Clean establishment and great food!
2	In 'n Out is so much better and cheaper! The burger is tasteless (even with a ton of add-ons like guacamole and hot sauces or bbq sauces that they offer). The bun deflates after a few pinches. The caesar salad was DRENCHED in dressing...practically a soup of dressing.
4	Love this stuff. Hate the new coke dispensing machine. Makes the coke taste a little citricy
5	Had heard of this spot ages ago but never understood how interesting their menu was until my friend casually mentioned their 1lb burgers while passing by... PULL OVE- Screeeech!!We walk in and immediately I realize that they have not only 1lb beef burgers but exotic meats such as bison, deer and boar. All they are missing is a brontosaurus burger and I'm in heaven. Made a mental note to come back for something fancy and ordered me a 1lb Southwest (?) - contained Pepperjack cheese, guacamole and bacon - fuck yes.Promptly devoured the entire thing (see action shot posted) and nearly ordered another but my comrade wouldn't take the bet to buy it if I could :(*Special note: If money is not an issue ($16 burger?) the 'exotic' meats can be stacked to a similar effect.TL;DR: Highly recommended burger joint for a twist on a simple idea.
4	Would have been a 5 if the damn coke machine worked right. My lovely wife had to experiment to get the syrup and soda water combination correct.
3	What the Fuddruckersl?!  How do you go charging $1.69 for 4 freakin slices of apple?!  Anyhow.  We went last week to grab my free birthday burger.  Standard fare.  Normal burgers and fries.  But seriously....charging almost $2.00 for 4 freaking apple slices for my infant?!  Next time I'll just bring my own apple darnit.  Good burgers and fries.  Keep your stinking apples.
5	Awesome burgers! One of my favorite burger places. Pretty simple menu. What size burger do you want 2/3 all the way up to 1 pound and how do you want it cooked. They have a few favorite selections that come with certain things on them but you can order it however you want then hit the topping bar and load it up. Haven't been brave enough to try the game meat burgers yet. One of these days though.Fries and onion rings are great. They have two Coke Freestyle machines which are always great. Like to be able to mix my soda up.Now these are $6, $7, $8 burgers so this isn't your cheap drive thru burger but it is so worth the price. May not be an everyday place but once in awhile it is a great treat.For me it is close to work and great for lunch because you pay when you order then once you finish your food you can just leave or you can always get it to go.People are nice and the burgers are awesome. I will keep coming back.
4	It had been quite some time since her last Fuddruckers feast (8 years maybe?) Butta free birthday burger along with a newly featured menu brought her back and she loved every scrumptious second.  Everything was made to order just the way she liked, which was just right for a picky patty like her. She was able to order any type of meat she wanted (buffalo, elk and boar even), any size (big or realllly big), cooked any way she wished, and then given free rein to top it off in a variety of ways at the best condiment bar around. MELTED CHEESE PLEASE! If that wasn't enough, she was offered one the creamiest chocolatiest shakes in all the land to go alongside it. She opted instead to try her hand at the robotic soda machine that hosted some 42,000 different flavors which despite sounding delicious, never seemed to live up to the originals. Still, she had a grand ol' time and her hamburgered heart skipped (okay waddled) out one very happy camper.
3	I saw on-line that they have veggie burger. I went there today, they have black bean burger i/o veggie burger. Few minutes later, they told me that no more black bean burger. So, I tried manager ref, kobi burger (or Cobbie? )..The flavor is ok. I will go back to try something else next time.
5	Every time I come to this location the food is perfect. The burgers are so juicy and cooked to perfection. They have a condiments bar with fresh vegetables. The fries are my favorite of all time. They have the new soda fountain machines that are touch screen and let you create a custom soda. The price is a little higher then most but you get what you pay for. I can't think of a reason to take away a star.
4	Ate here today for a small business meeting & had the Southwest Burger combo with the Wedge fries. The fries were seasoned very well and cooked well, and same goes for the burger. The guacamole + jack + honey mustard made the burger practically perfect. I'll admit to being in a total food coma afterwards, which maybe isn't the best for a business meeting, but it was so worth it! Husband tried the BBQ burger, he loved it as well-- this says a lot. The burger had grilled onions which means they really did it right.
3	I don't think the buns or the burgers are the same as they used to be.  I liked the buns, before, they had a taste similar to homemaker breads.Burgers are good.  They keep switching out the menu -dislike.Used to enjoy having the ostrich burger.I really like the condiment area where you can top your burger with lettuce, tomatoes, jalapenos, pickles, onions, etc.  Opposite side they have mustard, mayo, catsup, sleeze cheese, A-1 (why?), etc.Seems they remodeled again fairly recently.  What do you call this new look?
4	always liked fudruckers, my favorite is a cajun chicken sandwich. have not been on their menu for a while. it's a grilled chicken sandwich with grilled onions, pepper jack cheese, and a cajun sauce. this has been my favorite for years. of course you have to have their fries with the jalapeno cheese sauce. this location is a little dirty, but they have a lot of customers coming in and out. had a great meal with the family.
4	My tip for this place is to try the chicken sandwich! Its damn big and one of the best I have tried. Its nice adding your own toppings and making it your own creation. I havent actually had a burger here in years but i do remember them being ok.
4	Four stars for their tilapia sandwich.  I was a little worried about ordering this since they are really known for the burgers, but I just didn't feel like a burger.  Fish was moist and flavorful.  Got sweet potato fries also.  Fries were very good.
4	Jalapeno nacho cheese sauce is all you need to know... But seriously, Fuddrucker's is quite underestimated in the realm of burgers in AZ. You hear so much about In-N-Out, The Habit, Lobby's, etc... But Fuddrucker's deserves a call out of it's own. I appreciate the cold toppings bar and the plentiful assortment of condiments. I am a sauce lover and this place has my name written all over it.The cashier who took our order yesterday did forget to add cheese to my burger but in the end it turned out okay because to my delightful surprise, they have jalapeno nacho cheese sauce in their condiment bar!! I love cheese sauce, all of it's melty, gooey, chemical and yellow food coloring goodness lol. I also ordered sweet potato fries, not the best I have ever had but once again, the jalapeno cheese made up for this. I added grilled jalapeno's to my burger which were a spicy delight. The meat itself had a good smoky flavor to it. My fiance also very much enjoyed his burger. Overall I really would give the burger 4 out of 5 stars. They also have a plethora of other meal options. Anything from chicken sandwiches to salads to an elk burger. Many options which I am sure are great. The restaurant itself has kind of a throwback feel to it. A little bit 80's and 90's combined into one. Service was pretty good. Newer cashier who was taking our order but she was very friendly and asked for help from another associate when she had a question.Very good experience overall. I will be back!
3	I have ate here a few times. Place has good burgers but a bit overpriced IMO. I just went recently and the largest is a 2/3 burger, what happened to the 1 pounder! For me it was a draw to go there and munch on that massive burger but it is gone. The service there was so so but one thing that ticked me was they were out of bacon! C'mon people! You cannot have half the things on your menu showing bacon on it and not have this, get it together! Bring back the 1 pounder and have some bacon and you are 5 stars. Oh and have a deal of the day burger that is not so expensive too just my suggestion.
5	Good juicy burgers and great buns.  I always get the 1/4 bacon cheese burger and fries!  And then the limitless topping bar.  To add to make all better....the melt-y hot cheese.....  YUM!!!!  Love their new soda machines...  Pick your drinks and selections...
4	This is a good place to go if you're in the mood for something above Whatta Burger, but not as pricy as Red Robin--it's a great middle of the road burger joint. I also like that I can get a good sized side salad for $3 while my husband gets a customizable burger for $10 or $12 (depending on if he's feeling in the mood for bacon).The service at this location is fast and friendly--clean family friendly atmosphere.
2	This used to be a great place for burgers.  Went there last week and was completely disappointed.Food, Service, and even the soda machine was significantly degraded from my last visit. There were only 2 of us, but they managed to get 50% of the order completely wrong, even though the receipt had it right.They forgot my wife's topping request and both burgers were undercooked.  They don't provide relish any more (I thought that was a burger staple)!  There was no malt vinegar for the fries.  Our order was for unseasoned fries and they got that wrong.  There were 2 soda dispensers and neither one worked properly.  They sputtered stuff out and the syrup was missing.  Most of the toppings on the salad bar were missing or really messed up.  They used to provide whole pickles but not any more.  The tomatoes did not look like they were edible, and even the ketchup dispenser was empty. Very disappointing meal!
2	I wasn't impressed with this restaurant.  My burger was not that tasty and undercooked.  I didn't care for the fries or the cheese you can get with them.  If you are in the Tempe area and want a burger, I recommend that  you go somewhere better such as The Chuckbox or even Habit Burger.
4	As many of my readers know, I don't review burger places very often, and when I do, I'm quite picky about the food. If a place will not cook a hamburger rare or medium rare it tells me that they don't trust their food. If they don't trust it, why should I?We were a huge group of about 40 who descended upon this Fuddruckers. There are several other locations in the valley in case this is not close to you.They have the distinction of grinding their own meat fresh each day in the window where you can see it. I count this as a big plus. You can order your burger in an assortment of sizes including and up to a full one pound burger if you have that much of an appetite. In addition, they also offer (depending on location and availability) specialty burgers ranging from bison to elk to wild boar. One of the really nice things about this place is that you can decorate your burger however you like. There is a condiment bar with everything from lettuce to sliced tomatoes to onions, etc. Your welcome to put as much or as little as you wish on your sandwich. Additionally, there are big dispensers for everything from ketchup to sauce to mayonnaise, etc. Don't like burgers? Try any of the chicken dishes. Again, they are cooked perfectly. You can also get a turkey burger, salmon burger, and even a vegetarian burger. There is something for everyone.Their onion rings were a real treat, being battered just right and cooked perfectly. Fries come out just the same. Kids have their own special menu, and kids portions do not skimp on quantity.Be sure to try their shakes. They are hand made and really thick. Have a fresh baked cookie to help you with it also. IF none of the above appeals to you, then try the salads. They are huge and fresh made.This is a fun place to take a group or a family, and it won't break the bank.It's clean, the food it good, and the service is fairly quick.4 stars.
4	Thursday special,  grilled chicken sandwich,  wedge fries and soda.  Buy one combo get one free.  Makes for a great date night!  Very nice and clean.  Service wonderful.  Lost a star for the music. Food was awesome as usual.  When your fries stay hot through out the meal that rocks!
5	Not once have I ever had a bad experience here. Burgers are amazing! They're flavorful and juicy. I personally like the Swiss Melt and the Mushroom burger. Place is clean and staff is friendly. What more can you ask for? Come on over and treat yourself to some really good food!
