4	The boys and I had three important things on the list for our excursion to Sin City... GAMBLING, STRIP CLUBS, and MACHINE GUNS. In exactly that order, we found ourselves at Discount Firearms to rent us some fully-automatic range time.The showroom is large and neatly organized with a good selection of new and used firearms for sale. The staff seemed knowledgeable and friendly - and fully armed just in case. The rental options are varied, but not overwhelming and their pricing system is by magazine - which makes it easy to figure out how much lead you want to send downrange. The lanes themselves are well-lit and ventilated (climate controlled) and the automated target racks are a nice, high-tech touch (I'm used to the low tech lanes here in California).Firing a full-auto firearm is definitely fun, and makes you respect the destructive force of these puppies. Unfortunately, this is also one of those things that stays in Vegas, as most of the country have strict laws regarding these class 3 weapons.Good fun all round - check it out if you have time while in Sin City.
4	Went to Vegas last weekend with the intention of hitting the gun range. So I carefully transported my gun from Cali all the way to Sin City. I was told that this is one of the best ranges in Vegas and sure enough it was. Ventilation was adequate. I find it a little small compared to the ranges I've been to in the L.A. area. This place however has decent pricing on brand new range ammo. The staff friendly and helpful. I enjoyed my experience here and can't wait to come back. Only issue I had here was your not allowed to take head shots. That really didn't stop me from having a good time. Ammo is expensive in the area. This range actually has almost the same price as other shops selling reloaded ammo. But if your coming from outside the area go get your ammo first. I get mine from Walmart. Now if you don't have your own gun and want to try out what they have then you have to buy their ammo. Most ranges have the same rules so follow them well and ask questions if you don't understand. I personally get a set of ear plugs to go with the earmuffs. I value my hearing and so should you.
3	5 people from Massachusetts and 1 from San Francisco walk into a gun shop/shooting range in Las Vegas....and are greeted by a deriding poster of Feinstien, Shumer, Kerry, and T. Kenedy.No joke.Family vacation, everyone chose one activity, this one was Brit's. i have to say she nailed it, we all had a good time. My aunt and uncle renewing wedding vows with Elvis was more fun but its not a fair comparisonStaff was rude aside from our guy (forgot his name, he is short) - he was very patient with the newbie tourists. taught us how to hold, load, stance, and aim. So un-liberal to say, but we all enjoyed the sport of shooting at targets (revolver, 9mm semiauto, and a shotgun for the finale). If you have not shot a gun before, the revolver is mellow (in this context) and you'll look like dirty harry. If you come here as a tourist, ask for the short guy! ps - the consent form alone will crack you up
3	The shop has good prices and good deals on used guns. They stock some Sig Sauer magazines that are hard to find elsewhere in town which is a plus for me. Customer service is a bit slow. The staff is very friendly but when busy the get stretched thin. The range is B quality. You cannot practice head shots. The price is cheap though and it is not as crowded as other ranges in town. The staff gave a new shooter with me some personal attention as far as grip and stance. Summary: Good prices and some hard to find items. I hit the range there when the others are too crowded.
5	The staff was GREAT! We didn't have to wait at all. They had several lanes to shoot in. I went with two people who have never shot a gun. Their staff was really helpful and showed them the basics of stance and aiming. They were also really friendly and cracked some joked to loosen the tension.  They had lots of military guns to choose from and their prices were great! We paid $50 per gun and that came with 50 rounds. Which isn't bad. Highly recommend.
5	I'm definitely coming here again. Omg. So much fun. I was told by a local, to go to this range since its not a tourist trap, I wouldn't be getting ripped off. Im from NY, and u need a damn permit just to shoot @ a range. Let's just say yours truly, is NEVER getting approved for something like this. Anyway, I showed em my license, signed some papers, & chose my guns. I took the Glock 17, and the AK47. A box of 9mm, and 2 banana clips. Than I was told to pick my targets. I chose a turban head guy holding an Ak, & a typical silhouette. I blasted the Ak first. Some semi auto shots, than fully automatic. Wow. Definitely not  like the movies. I didn't miss my target but it wasnt easy. The Glock was nice too. I took my time with this one. Than I realized, i won't have a chance to do this again anytime soon. I grabbed a 12 gauge w 5 slugs, & a Uzi. The Uzi shot smooth like a water gun but jammed 3 times. Israeli garbage. Note to self. Don't ever go to a gunfight w a shitty ass Uzi. Anyway, the 12 gauge was amazing. Very direct. My adrenalin was through the roof all day. Totally worth the 170$. I can't wait to come back.
2	Their ad said that if you are tired of understocked gun stores, come to us! So I did...BOTH pistols I was looking for (S/W centennial and Glock 26 9mm) were...wait for itttt...out of stock! I was told to try back next week, and my request to be called/emailed when they came in was shot down. I inquired about ccw classes, and was told they're booked solid. Wtf? Sooo...on my way home, I stopped off at (what I always considered) the tourist trap The Gun Store, on trop. They had both guns, cheaper than "discount's" stated prices, AND plenty of spots available in their thrice weekly ccw classes! Friendly, competent, and knowledgeable staff. Sorry discount, I won't be back next week.
5	Came here on a whim just looking to see the prices on the stripped lowers and ended up finding a nice RRA LAR-15 for a great price. It was used but still in good condition. The guys at the counter were excellent and they managed to get my background and paperwork in at the last minute. Got a couple of PMAGs with the windows for a $17+ each.Decided to get some rounds and try out my new friend to see what it shot like and get a look at their range. The scope was just a little off but I wasn't going to toy with it too much yet, the compensation was easy. Did I mention that the rifle came with a scope? Nothing fancy just one of those $50 Guide Gears but it does a decent job. It was a nice indoor range. I'll probably be back to pick up some better optics. They had a nice selection there. I have taken my brand-used rifle to the N. Decatur range and put some rounds down range and I have to say that I am very satisfied with my purchase. I probably be making another purchase there soon.
5	Go to any gun shop in Las Vegas, then call Discount Firearms and ask for price on same gun ... Probably $100 less!  I was on Blue Diamond and asked if they would price match, they said no, but bring the gun here after you buy it and use our range. When I asked Discount on the phone if the price was right, he said "our name is discount, what do you think" ... Easy enough.By the way, the building use to be a swingers club ... Gotta love Vegas.
5	Love this place!! Very friendly staff! Huge selection of guns! Great rental counter and don't forget the awesome selection of full autos and semi autos to rent and shoot!!! Love it!
4	My wife and I have never been to a gun store before and were ready to buy.  We came in not knowing what to expect and was greeted by friendly staff.  They had patience for all my wife's questions and looking at all different kind of guns.Their entrance is close to the front of the street and you immediately look into their large showroom.  They have a large selection of hand guns, rifles, shotguns, etc. I did a lot of shopping online and from what I can tell, the prices are great.  We've already decided that this is the place for us for our firearm needs.  The only downside is their location is a little hard to get to when approaching from the west side of town.
5	I've never actually shot anything in my life, aside from shooting zombies and generic bad guys in a video game or at Dave and Busters.  We were in Vegas, and figured, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, so why not go shoot a few rounds?  The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, despite my lack of knowledge of guns.  They have a few package deals that are pretty good for the beginner.  We had the package deal that included .22 rifle and handgun rental, a T-shirt to shoot at, targets, and ammo.  Since my friend and I were neophytes, one of the staff members showed us the right way to hold, helped load the guns, and helped us with aiming.  While I did OK with the handgun, I wouldn't recommend the large rifle if you are a shorter person like me, since it was very hard to aim through the sight and my friend who is a few inches taller than me, but still petite, had the same problem, but also did OK with the handgun.  Overall, a good place to go if you are just starting out with target practice and want to try shooting.
3	This place has the best gun prices in town.  However, people that work there make it hard for me to return.  I used their range one time and the range officer was down right rude.  He got angry with me when I needed help working their digital target mover thingy.  He obviously gets tired of dealing with people, but that is a terrible attitude when we can take our dollars elsewhere.  He was an older man with glasses and a mustache.  The place is busy and it takes a long time to get your turn.  The people working there seem to be a little frustrated and impatient with their customers.  Not very welcoming, but I will occasionally endure poor customer service for a good price.
3	Of the indoor ranges in Vegas this one is probably the best of the lot- but considering the competition that's not saying a whole lot.Positives are the range fee is cheap at $10. You can bring your own ammo as long as it's jacketed. The range is clean and well ventilated. I like the programmable target holders.The downside- #1 is the tourists. This range caters to the tourists with their full auto "zombie" packages like all the other ranges in town. I'll be in my lane peacefully shooting my pistols when waves of obnoxious tourist groups get ushered in and out shooting full auto AK's and AR's right next to you. These guns are VERY loud especially 2 feet away from you in an indoor range not to mention the groups of 5-6 loudmouth east coast whooping and hollering constantly. Argh!The only other thing is the staff can be a bit indifferent, for lack of a better term. If you're a local just paying the $10 for a range lane, you'll wait until every tourist is well taken care of first.Also, one time I was looking at some guns after my range visit and it seemed like I was really imposing on the guy behind the counter to show me a few. When I ended up buying one, he actually seemed pissed off that he'd have to do some work.
5	I'm local and been here a few times now.Each time has been Fantastic.... and I plan to make this a regular happening for me. (It's a really good place to "blow off steam" so to speak.)Mind you.... I tend to go mid-day, mid-week so it's really not that crowded.  (I don't do crowds and expect that the weekends in this place is pretty hectic with tourists... so... I don't go.)The range fee is $10.  That seems very reasonable to me.The range is WELL ventilated..... cold but well ventilated.The staff is Amazing... Nice.... Genuine.... Helpful.... especially John!  Love that guy.Got to meet the owner Joe and the marketing guy Dan... both super nice and made time for all my questions.  They didn't seem put out nor did they try to rush away as one might expect after a female asked to speak with them.  These guys were Nice and service oriented.  They want to make sure you/I... the customer... is happy and taken care of.Anyways.... they seem to have a really good selection of firearms of all sizes, all brands and types.  And if you're new and / or want to hone your skills, you can schedule a lesson and they will help you.... break your bad habits and help you make new good ones.I like scheduling a lesson because ... like all things... it's good to have someone critique your skills and help you improve them even if you think you are "good".I'LL... BE... BACK.  (Sorry... had to do it.)  :)
5	My wife and I were in Vegas last week with some friends and we wanted to do something that would give us a break from the casinos.  I figured if you're gonna spend the money, why lose it to the tables or slot machines and get nothing in return?  Why not have an experience that you can remember?  Before our trip, I researched a few of the ranges online and I always came back to Discount Firearms.  It is the closest range to the Strip, the prices seemed reasonable and the reviews here were almost all positive.  It was meant to be I guess, and I am very happy that we chose to come here.The staff at Discount Firearms was great.  They answered all of our questions, explained the rules of the range and treated us all very well.  We had a mix of experienced shooters and beginners and we all felt comfortable here.  The menu of options and packages is quite extensive.  After we chose our weapons, were fitted with goggles and ear protection we were led to a lane.  I chose the East Meets West package which includes the AK47, M4, Russian RPD and Browning 1919.  The last time I'd shot a gun was at summer camp 26 years ago and that gun was a single shot .22 caliber rifle.  This was going to be a lot more fun.  Since I'd never fired a machine gun before, the staff was very helpful with easy to understand instructions.  I never felt rushed and if I needed assistance, they were right there to help.The next time we're in Vegas, I will want to come back to try other guns.  Discount Firearms could easily become part of our routine for all future trips to Las Vegas.  Can't wait to come back.
4	Very cool employees.  Attentive, friendly, knowledgable...I would give 5 stars except that the variety of accessories is kind of limited, and the prices, overall. are average.  I thought this was supposed to be DISCOUNT Firearms...
2	Decent selection ok prices but very lacking on customer service. I was a good customer when they were on Boulder Hwy but this place now has changed. Too bad, I liked the old crew who were good guys.
4	Target shooting at Discount Firearms is a super fun way to KILL a few hours.As a newbie shooter, I opted for the wimpy .22 experience which included 50 rounds with a pistol and 50 rounds with a rifle (albeit a pink one).Our trainer, John, was cool enough to let us use his own personal .22 pistol, because he felt it worked better than the other .22's  they had on hand.  He was helpful, amusing, and very thorough in his training. He made us feel comfortable throughout the process.So now I seem to have been bitten by the bullet bug and can't wait to return and try my hand with the AK47's! Any day is a beautiful day to shred some paper zombies!!! AAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHH!
4	From the moment we walked in, I was very impressed with how organized this place looks as I have been to a few gun shops in the past.  The staff were so helpful and friendly, they know their stuff!  We had a machine gun and a pink 22 semi auto to shoot along with one of their instructors. I wish I remembered his name since he was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and easy to talk to.  He answered our questions with extreme professionalism.  He gave me some great tips which perfected my shooting skills.I highly recommend this place when you get tired of the casinos and wanna take your loosing anger out somewhere. :)  This is your place!!
5	six of us went to shoot we ordered two differant pakages and were abole to all shoot all the different we spent two hours shooting and had a greate time. the free shutle ride was a good plus. the best part was hen we were all loading up to leave the owner came out to make shur we all had a good time. I would defenetly recomend going to Discount Firearms.Its the new thing for us to do in las vegas.
5	Love this place!! Very friendly staff! Huge selection of guns! Great rental counter and don't forget the awesome selection of full autos and semi autos to rent and shoot!!! Love it! We had a blast! Literally! :) thanks Discount Firearms!! Defiantly recommend this place! Especially the gm he came out just to make sure we had a great time!
5	I've bought from Every shop in town and they are the cheapest. They also don't act like they're doing you a favor when they sell you a gun. The staff is well versed in everything they sell and can really advise you on what you need, rather than what someone told you to buy. I dealt with John every time I bought and I he really is one of the most knowledgeable. He's the man in red and you can't miss him.
4	I was refered to Discount Firearms by a co-worker and it turned out to be a really good referal. The store is close to my house and located in a warehouse district about a mile or so west of the strip. The store features a quite large "L-shaped" display case and has a wide open retail area, both of which you walk into coming in the front door. The range is not visible from this area and is located in an adjacent part of the store.I have bought both my handguns from them and been to the range on my own dime several times & each time I've been into the store everyone I have encountered has been very helpful, informative & freindly. No attitudes here and the prices are very good too. I highly reccomend them over the other more "tourist-like" stores in the area.I will continue to give them my business!!
5	Well.....I'm not into this sort of thing...But I did try, and you can say I'm a woose if you want but come in my house if you want I'm sure this 54 will hit you!    lol   Although I have never shot a gun, I couldn't take it in here.  I had to bounce.  My husband loved it.  And he did good...Again, don't pick my house to rob, or you might not come out alive......Just saying!   ROTF We have guns upstairs and downstairs.....It's like ruissan roulette if you pick our house to break into...The staff here was very friendly.   They have guns you can rent as well.   And it's very affordable.
5	My friends and I stopped by Discount Firearms for a number of reasons. Firstly, we were hoping to get a break from the hustle and bustle of EDC Week 2012, which had swept over almost every corner of Las Vegas; although we came to town to party, we had found ourselves a little bit raved-out, and in need of some breathing room. Personally, I was drooling over the chance to vent some frustrations via the glorious medium of the pulled trigger; you see, the past night had involved a brief drunken altercation with an Elvis impersonator on the Strip, and...well, I guess that's another story altogether.In any case, the crew at Discount Firearms knows just how to make customers feel at home - and yes, that includes even us hipsters whose closest knowledge of guns/firearms comes in the form of "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3." Taking to the range with a weapon borrowed from my friend, I was surprised to see the lengths that Discount Firearms aspired to in the fields of ensuring customer comfort. I felt a continuous sense of safety and security within the range itself, and was extremely happy to find that most of the day's fellow shooters came in a wide range of shapes and sizes (the 1% macho man going through a mid-life crisis, the middle-aged wife looking for something to do while her chihuahua was busy getting manicured, the reassuringly-friendly gun enthusiast, etc.). With all this being said, my sketch alarm never went off once, as both the Discount Firearms staff and my fellow customers helped to inspire both a sense of welcome friendliness and a general air of "nobody here plans to go postal on your ass, Mark." The element of my visit to Discount Firearms that truly blew away my expectations involved a span when one member of the staff took some time away from his scheduled duties to voluntarily help me and my friends improve our accuracy, form, and technique. He explained to me the importance of positioning one's elbow in a more "tucked-in" and compact manner as a means of minimizing body sway and stabilizing my shot - vital information for a first timer! This simple piece of information helped me to make drastic improvements to my shooting, and I was at once grateful for his help. In closing, it's the little touches that help to distinguish Discount Firearms from being just a regular ol' gun shop. Before making that commitment to gambling away your son's/daughter's college education in a single night, consider some alternative possibilities; Discount Firearms offers a thrilling, out-of-the-box experience that can ultimately create lasting memories and make a previously-mundane trip to Las Vegas into one you'll never forget!
5	Great selection of guns n accessories, the guys are helpful and are full of knowledge of their guns. The gun range is nice and cheap. Gun range is 10 bucks and you can use your own ammo instead of buying in house ammo, some places do that but not this place. They have different packages on shooting different machine guns and extoic handguns. This is the place for buying guns and shooting guns.
4	Birthday boy had expressed the desire to go to the range one of these days so searched for a place to go during our last trip to Vegas. Chose the swat package adding an ak47 ($200-$10 discount that was given ny the nice lady at counter). Steve was our instructor.  He was a WSJ guy for more than 20 years. Very knowledgeable with all the weapons in package. Since it was BD boy's first shooting experience, Steve was very thorough with instruction and always made sure that safety was the priority. He also offered to take some awesome pics after we were done shooting. Excellent experience.
3	One of the nicer looking and well organized Firearms Dealers/Ranges in Vegas.Was looking for a hard to come by item that they didnt have, but the staff did try to help us track it down and referred us to several other local businesses. It's worth checking the place out just for the Super-Cute brunette behind the counter!
5	Our group came to Vegas for a bachelorette party about a month ago, + the one requirement on the bride-to-be's list was going to a shooting range. Other than pellet guns, laser tag + my beloved Buzz Lightyear Astro Blasters at Disneyland, I had never shot any kind of gun before so I wasn't sure what we were getting ourselves into. All I knew was that a free shuttle would be rolling up to our hotel on the Strip at 11am. Stumbling out into the daylight just after 11, we saw the giant van with THE VEGAS MACHINE GUN EXPERIENCE written all over it http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=YAcP49SrpNUPYOMXtZ4t7w#wus8d1wnuHHhkVgk5SuTCA. Holy moley... this was our shuttle! And within 20 mins, we were dropped off right at the front door to the Discount Firearms store http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=ip9v9F5y4STMz62Gn5Qvzw#ip9v9F5y4STMz62Gn5Qvzw.Inside the large store is a huge variety of guns along the wall on the right side + all kinds of accessories, gear, targets, etc on the left. Once our group filled out the waivers, we perused the "menus" to decide what packages http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=0SYLyoZjjbsF9F3ei0N3mw#0SYLyoZjjbsF9F3ei0N3mw + a la carte guns http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=8LhlNZrky6MbRRzCrsWNyA#8LhlNZrky6MbRRzCrsWNyA the 5 of us wanted to split.  For a total of about $180 (not including tip), we ended up getting a The Nines package for a MP5 9mm Submachine gun (75 rounds), a Springfield xDm 5.25 9mm pistol (20 rounds), 2 targets + a t-shirt plus added on a Ruger GP100 .357 magnum revolver (50 rounds + included 1 target), some extra rounds + 2 more targets. Here's a shot of the goods: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=YAcP49SrpNUPYOMXtZ4t7w#sMsP88et4xjc3yf1DMNVKA. And clean sets of protective goggles + headphones were provided by our instructor http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=sMsP88et4xjc3yf1DMNVKA#cJR_ejb6F4ZqOTAnfQatUw. Awesome deal for what ended up being nearly 2 hours of an exhilarating experience!!! Being in the shooting range was a whole new world to me complete with casing littered all over the floor, the constant explosions of guns as people were shooting from every stall, + the occasional ground-shaking booms that would surely blow both your eardrums out if we didn't have the protective headphones on. It definitely took a while getting used to, + we periodically had to step out for a while just to calm down since we got so antsy in there with all the noise. As for the actual shooting experience, I can't express enough how amazingly friendly, knowledgeable, + helpful our instructor was in briefing us thoroughly on all aspects of safety, how to load the ammo into each of our 3 guns http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=YAcP49SrpNUPYOMXtZ4t7w#SB-6uyEoW0LDSuFSE_INfQ, how to stand/hold the gun/aim, warnings about potential recoil, + advice on where to aim for a more accurate shot according to each of our tendencies. Especially when handling the MP5 submachine gun http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=HUpPzMIJP1a2Ekb4NNtLxA#HUpPzMIJP1a2Ekb4NNtLxA, he was extremely encouraging + positive as each of us stepped into the stall to take our turns + watch the bullets fly. And, of course, what made the whole experience a zillion times better was the photo opportunities as our instructor not only was accommodating for photo opps but actually suggested poses for us! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=YAcP49SrpNUPYOMXtZ4t7w#F8WPddtPMPTW00vt66kaSQNot that I can compare to anywhere else, but it was a great value for what we got out of it. The staff was super friendly, gun selection was great (especially for machine guns, which are illegal in California http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=YAcP49SrpNUPYOMXtZ4t7w#qBAyTNUtz9GK_3P3Uu22pg), store was clean + not once did we as a newbie group of little Asian girls ever question our safety. Five videos + over 120 photos later, we left the store very happy with our experience + overall quite surprised about how good of marksmen we were. And in case you're wondering how I did... I must say, all that Buzz Lightyear AstroBlasters at Disneyland totally paid off, hahaha!    http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RRpHuoXpxcuLk4LdB_YrOg?select=rHxsrSqMouzqUn20ZyhXfw#rHxsrSqMouzqUn20ZyhXfw
5	Excellent service.  Close to the strip, we paid $15 for a cab from the Bellagio.   TIP: the 1919 is primo.  As is the Dessert Eagle.Our bachelor party group of 4 guys showed up at 6:45 today (Saturday) assuming that the range was open.  They were starting to close but kept the range open late to accommodate us.The staff were very friendly and helped expedite our shooting experience.  There were multiple lanes open so we had one staff member per person, so 4 in total.  They got us through all of the guns in their "Gold" package quickly.  It was also good value for the money split 4 ways. They gave us some extra rounds on the AK-47 so all four of us would get a chance to shoot it.At the end when we inquired about a cab, one of the staff members, John, offered to give us a ride back to our hotel on his way home in his pimped-out off-road HUMMER.All the staff were awesome and we had a great time as a result.
5	This is my 5th day in vegas and decieded to try something different saw the ad for the machine gun experience and said this looks like fun. Well I have to say it was one of the best experiences I have had in Vegas yet. They have a free shuttle service and the driver John one of the nicest guys to meet. The staff is super you not only shoot the guns but they give you instructions. I have shot guns before but the tips they gave me I never knew. Thanks for a great experience.
1	If you guys happen to deal with store manager forget about it, don't wast your time spend your money else where. I believed the store manager is also the part of the owner too that's why he didn't give a shit about returning customer.  This guy is very rude and ripped off on the gun's labor. If you don't believe try it, I'm just warning you guys I'm a local gun's owner too and looking for a fair deal, but with this Discount Firearm store owner it just unacceptable costumer service. BE AWARE !!!
5	I am a first time gun owner who is really scared to buy my first gun. After finding a gun suited for me I went as far as putting that gun on hold at accuracy gun store. Huge mistake... Not only have they kept me on the phone for 15 mins to ask a question but the sales rep assured me they would be open on Monday (labor day) well that's a lie. 45 min later I find out they are closed a waste of gas and time. Just so happened that a friend convinced me to try discount firearms. Not only did I get great customer service but I also saved 75 dollars on the cost of the gun. I'm heading back to accuracy gun shop tomorrow for a refund of my lay away and to tell them what I think of their service.Point of this is wanna save money discount firearms is the way to go. Getting another gun from them real soon.
5	Don't let the name of the business fool you.  This isn't some two bit operation despite the namesake so don't be discounting this place (haha!).Despite our bachelor party's affinity for the world of Nintendo, we all agreed this was even better than Duck Hunt.  Our awesome range instructor, Sarge, unveiled a dizzying array of Desert Eagles, AK-47s, Uzis, M-4s, etc. that would guarantee a high score on Duck Hunt.  We ordered the Gold Package for 6 guys and we breezed through in about an hour and a half.  The staff at Discount Firearms was great - they were cool about us being 3 hours late to our appointment despite our unusual shooting outfits (see pic).  Sarge in particular demonstrated an impressive, yet troubling amount of knowledge into the significance of Super Mario Brothers.Honestly this is a 5 star organization and our group knows something about stars since we get obsessed about collecting them.  That and coins.  We wouldn't hesitate to go back again.
5	Came here for my Birthday and this was my first time at a Shooting Range. Honestly, I didn't know what to expect at this indoor shooting range. And yes we got a couple looks walking in. 3 girls from California popping in and we didn't know how it all worked. Gentleman named Cameron helped us out. He seemed a bit stand-offish at first but, once he showed us the package deals we were all for it, and from there on out, he was great. He was patient with us, explained everything great. I think he was as comfortable with us and we were with him and most importantly we felt safe and had a lot of FUN! I would recommend Discount firearms to anyone wanting to go to a shooting range and we will definately return!
5	My brother in laws and I went to discount firearms to shoot machine guns and try out some pistols. Called and they had a van pick us up at our hotel, Planet Hollywood. This was no charge, except tip.  We went early and had no waiting. They hooked us up with Sarg, Who took us through every step of the way.  We wanted to try several types of pistols so Sarg helped us choose which type, as well as, help with machine gun package, which we customized.  It was a blast!  I highly recommend doing this and hopefully you will be lucky enough to have Sarg as your instructer.  A great time and we will definitly be back.
5	Went in on November 10th and dealt with Sarge who bore a USMC tattoo.  I wished him a Happy Birthday.  Sarge seems to be the one running this place for the most part and is therefore a great resource when trying to find a great gun to pick out to shoot.  If you are uncertain about how to shoot your weapon Sarge would be happy to come with you to show the ropes.  The cheapest package for hand guns will run around $30.  If you want something automatic you will pay $50 for a basic amount of rounds.  They have larger packages that go up from here.  Giving your ID is a requirement so be prepared for that.  After you sign up you go over and pick out your target (zombies are a popular staple and being Vegas aliens are another popular choice since Area 51 is near-by).  Of course you can also purchase guns here or come take a gun class  A lot of what Discount caters to is tourists (hello) so if you are a local you can bet this is a tourist trap.  I ended up shooting with an M4 since their one Uzi was broken.  Sarge was most helpful in showing me how to insert the rounds and the different ways to aim, shoot and handle the M4.  I will always remember this great experience with him.
4	They have some very reasonable prices on firearms. One of the few local shops I am willing to buy guns from because they price them fairly unlike the others that are quite outrageous.
5	Great service from a knowledgeable staff is the norm at Discount Firearms.  Pricing is fair and selection is without compare.  I highly recommend Discount Firearms.
3	Ok...still on the fence about this place. After reading lots of good reviews here on Yelp,I really wanted to like it.  I decided to go check them out. Hmmm, really GOOD selection of sidearms and long guns. Discount? I dunno...the jury is still out on that. The exact same Browning 22LR match pistol I had been eying at Sportman's Warehouse for $319 was $409 here...not exactly what I would call DISCOUNT. Plenty of gourmet ammo (Hornady, etc) to be had, but at a premium.  Disappointed I didn't see much in generic plinking stuff for a good price. They did however, have a sweet little Bersa pistol that I bought in store for $40 less than their quoted internet price.One of the things I look for in a gun shop is a friendly staff and atmosphere, because I like shopping and spending my money where I feel it is appreciated. I wont go so far as to say the guys at Discount were unfriendly, but the place definitely has that chilly "moonlighting cop" vibe happening. Everyone wears their "Range Officer" starched uniform shirt s and seem to be somewhat inconvenienced by the fact you might be talking your time or asking them too many questions. I plan to shop here again and give them another "shot" at making me a regular hopefully my experience will improve, because they DO have a very nice store.
4	A friend of mine had recommended checking this place out due to the prices being fair and usually lower than all the competitors. I had also heard that they did consignment and decided that the old W.W. Greener that I had could possibly find a new home through them. After walking in I noticed that it has a different feel than most gun shops in town. All of the other shops I have been in have the concrete grey floors and the very minimalist/Bunkeresque feel to them. It seemed to me like they try to make this place feel a little more inviting, it could just be that the place had wood floors and and a different feel when they leased the place but it works. I presented my shotgun to the clerk on duty and he was very knowledgeable and friendly when it came to researching the gun and giving me a strait forward answer. He had mentioned that He could put it on the shelves but due to where we live and what people want that unless it is an assault rifle that looks like the ones in the video games it will probably sit for quite some time but he would recommend listing it myself on Gun Broker and sure enough I did and it sold.A took a few minutes to chat with the guy before walking around and checking out accessories, which I must add, they were definitely not cheaper than other shops when it came to those. I priced a Black Hawk Paddle holster and it was insanely marked up but the guns seem to be okay. I would go back here if I needed to consign something or get some quick gun advice but no necessarily for accessories or ammo
4	I have purchased two of my handguns here and I have been mostly satisfied each time. The first time I was frustrated with the salesman who was pushing a Glock on me when I went in knowing I wanted a Springfield Xd. I convinced him I knew what I wanted, bought what I wanted and I have had many happy outings with it since that time. Most recently I went in wanting a Remington 1911 R1. I got what I wanted for a fair price and with no issues convincing the sales woman of my intentions. Plus I received a complimentary VIP range pass which I used today to shoot my 1911 for the first time. They were good enough to call me up tonight when they found I left my license there. And they were understanding when I mistakenly left without paying for my target (a debt that has been settled). It was an honest mistake. I thought it was included in the range pass since I was not charged before going to the back to shoot. I like Discount Firearms and what they have to offer. I will be back for future firearm purchases and possible indoor shooting.
3	I like this place. The employees are very nice,just wished this place was closer to my house. You either hate this place or you love it but  I recommend this place if you live close to this gun store.
2	I'm officially done with Discount Firearms.  I've bought 7 guns from this store in the past 2-3 years and have had spotty service. There are a few salesman who are friendly, knowledgeable and want to sell you guns.  Most are rude, condescending and unhelpful.  Previously I was looking for a XD9.  I asked a salesman if they had one and he said they had just sold their last one.  I asked when they would get a shipment, he just shrugged his shoulders and turned around.  Then I asked him if I could special order one because I was certain I wanted that gun.  He just shook his head and walked away. I then went to American Shooters and bought one. The salesman said it was his easiest sell ever as I already knew what I wanted and only held the gun for a minute before buying it.  I also ordered a obscure derringer that they didn't have in stock.  Imagine that, they ordered a gun for me since they didn't have one in stock. Makes sense.  Today I went in to buy a Colt New Agent.  The salesman slide the action open directed at himself and handed the gun to me with the slide closed. I started to slide it back to open the action to ensure the chamber was empty.  The salesman groaned when I did that. I asked him permission to dry fire the gun and he said he didn't think it was necessary and not to rack the slide either. I asked if they had the dao trigger and he said that didn't exist.  According to Colt's official website it does, but what do I know? I asked about 38 special rounds as I handed him the gun and they said they had some.  He took the gun from me and just walked away.  Wiped it down, put it back in the display case and walked away. No offer to buy the weapon or the ammo. He then just started chatting with other employees. If I'm going to spend ~$1,000 on an item, I expect to not have to beg to buy it from the salesman.  I had to search around town for a dealer who had one in stock and found a new gun dealer. I still gave this place 2 stars because their prices are hard to beat. If you find the 2 salespeople here who are friendly, you will have a good experience.  If they are busy at the range be prepared to beg for someone to help you.Since they started the tourist machine gun events, the range has become overly busy. I don't use the range any more because the tourists create a line to sign in, and I don't feel too comfortable shooting next to tourists who have never held a gun before, shooting full auto's in the lane next to me.
5	11 or so years ago, damn I'm getting old, I bought my first handgun from Discount when it was on Boulder Highway in Hendo.  I went in a few times after it moved to Vegas and was never impressed.  The store had no organization whatsoever, and most of the aisles were bare, as far as accessories and apparel were concerned anyway.  I recently went back after the new owners purchased it a few years back and I came away impressed.Their aisles are full of accessories and apparel and are organized.  Kudos to the guy who arranged the store, he did a great job it looks great.  Their guns are consistently the cheapest in town and their staff is knowledgeable.  A couple of guys gave bad reviews, but it just sounds like sour grapes to me.  They can't always have everything you want.  When they don't, they try their best to help you, even if it means sending you to a competitor or a specific website.  And if they do have it they will be the cheapest in town.  This is why I will only shop here, and if they happen to not have what I want, then I will wait until they do.If you are in the market to buy a gun make sure you go to Discount Firearms.
4	Awesome she let me have a free pair of sunglasses,  Lol
5	I haven't been here in quite some time due to the fact that it used to have a pretty crappy reputation for bad customer service, but I recently came to give it another shot since they were bought out about 2+ years ago and wanted to see what the race was all about. I see them all over facebook and on the radio. Needless to say I walked away very impressed! They gave the store a complete make over! It looks great and feels better! The staff was very nice and helpful. Their was some of the same staff there but they had a much better attitude than they used to.     They even came out from behind the counter to help me find a holster for my Sig 238. They also carry a lot of new product! Before it was kinda empty and pathetic other than magazines etc. now they are a full 5.11 dealer!!!! I love 5.11! They have the pants the shirtstge bags,(range and rifle cases) even they backpacks! They even have the holsters, attachment for the packs, socks, boots, even the briefs and undershirts!  Their selection of guns was great!! Especially in the gun economy where everything is hard to get. Can you tell I was shocked!! Lol Anyways. If you haven't been in for a while or not at all, definitely worth the trip!!  I am glad I did! I will be back for sure! The General Manager even came out to make sure I was being taken care of! Oh yeah I got a new backpack while I was their! The 5.11 rush 24! I travel a lot and love a comfy durable pack! See you soon Discount!!
3	Between a 3 and 4 star rating, but no partial point awarded on yelp so I'll stick with the 3The only gun I have purchased from here is my ccw g26. The transaction was pleasant and smooth. 5 starThey have a wide selection, but lack inventory-if that makes sense. I went in looking for a Sig p226r-pretty much the most basic platform of the model. They had all the other hundred variants and similars, but not that one. OK priced, but they also offer an LE discount. 4 star They (used to) carry gold dot hollows at a fair price (pre govt scare). I'll hold off on that rating  because they can't really help the lack of inventory these days..you're hard pressed to find anything anywhere.The place is usually pretty busy, but they have usually acknowledged me and let me know they would be right with me. 4 starThe range fee is reasonable (10 bucks I think) and they are armored to allow long guns as well. I have never had to wait for range time.  They also don't have a RO that walks around and talks to you like you don't know what you're doing. 4 starA couple employees here are great, there are only a couple I steer clear of. One guy too cool for school and another that hit on my gf right in front of me! He coulda at least given her a discount.... 3 stars overallMost anything that is not in the glass case or behind it, you are better off finding on your own. Generic mags cost as much as a factory brand mag should cost. A generic gun bag costs the same as a coach purse costs at caesars forum. Its cheaper to hang dollar bills up as targets. 2 stars0 stars for their consignment dept. don't even try to sell your gun to them. What they offer is laughable and worse than the fellas on pawn stars. They consult an old, tattered, barely kept together KBB for guns. What they offered me for my AR was what I could've made just from parting out the furniture on it. $600 is what they offered me for a clean, well put together rig. I walked out the door and sold it private party in 3 days for almost 4x that amt. I know they have to make a profit too, but c'mon man!
5	Our latest trip to Vegas had to include a trip to the gun range, as the bf insisted. We found this place through one of the guys at the craps table who insisted this was the best. The staff was very welcoming and thorough. We had an awesome time! We chose two packages, the "Swat" package and the "Guns Show" package to share between the both of us which included around 6 different guns and about 200 rounds, as well as an instructor which was well priced and the perfect packages to experience a wide range of guns. We came away so impressed with the entire experience and we will be back when we go back to Vegas. The staff were so incredibly nice and welcoming, we even got a complimentary ride back to the hotel afterwards. Cant wait to go back, I want one of those monkey balls.
2	Monday, June 17 th.Hoping to get some ammo to target practice at a discounted price, I was disappointed with Discount Firearms. They cater to tourist wanting to shoot guns. There is no " discount" at this business. You will pay top dollar for any product and the employees will tell you President Obama is the blame. What a B.S. line. A Lie. Then when the employee gets your purchase completed, he or she (she in this purchase) won't give you the time of day. It was pitiful. My overall message to future gun and ammo buyers is to shop around. However, if you have out of state friends or out of country friends, that  want to enjoy target practice, they could have some fun with the shooting experience at this attraction. Most of the tourist I saw there were having a good time. Respectfully Submitted,Bruce
2	The store carries a good variety of product. My only problem was the customer service girls. Not friendly. Sitting on a chair reading something 6' away while I stood and waited for her to ring me up. Finally one of the guys asked her to to so, then I had to ask for a bag. She was snotty and rude and never said thanks or come again. I won't be frequenting this place until they get some descent help!
1	Several of the firearms that we had rented to shoot were malfunctioning. The Thompson would fire through the majority of the magazine after you took your finger off the trigger. When the range officer was told he told us to point the gun down and keep trying.  We then watched them hand the same broken firearm to multiple other people who were also experiencing the same problem. Before we left the store we had to talk to several employes before they would finally take it off the shelf and have their smith work on it. It's unfortunate that a range would behave in such an unsafe manner, I can think of few things more scary then putting an uncontrollable automatic weapon in the hands of someone that has never handled a gun.  It didn't help that no refund was offered even when we informed them of just how dissatisfied we were.  I would be very very concerned shooting in this environment.
1	Came in to fire the D-Day package consisting of a 1911 .45 pistol, a M2 Carbine, a Thompson sub machine gun, and a Browning 1919 bot fed machine gun for $169. No problems with the pistol. The Thompson would continue to fire several rounds after finger was completely moved away from the trigger. Immediately alerted the range master of the issue and was told, "Just hold it down and hold on..." rather then fixing is insanely unsafe weapon. No issue with the M2. When time came for the Browning, we were informed that the belt fed machine gun that is the highlight of the package was not available due to maintenance but might be available in 30 to an hour. We were unwilling to sit around for an indeterminate period waiting and they offered to reduce our package. Which they did by a whopping $21. 25% of the package not available to use and 25% of the package dangerously unfit for service and our package was reduced by only 12% and the gun not takeout of service until our group stated our concerns loudly in front of others.Unsafe equipment and unavailable equipment combined with customer pricing that will not take those issues into concideration is why I cannot recommend this place to anyone. Try anywhere else.
5	I love this place.... I wish I had a range like this back home in NYC.  First lets start off with the store part.  The staff was super friendly and even if you weren't buying they would take the time to review something with you.  The store was beautifully stocked with different firearms.  Now the range was something that blew me away.  I cant remember the distance of the shooting lanes 50-60 it think.  Each lane was advanced electronic carries that could be programed for exact distance and a slew of different functions.  Very well maintained.  Wasn't slipping on brass like another ranges I was at.The firearms was awesome.  As a NYC gun owner this gave me a chance to let loose on things I miss out on.  Rented a MP5, NFA Short Barreled Mossberg 500 14in, Kimber 1911 officer model, Sig P226 and a Beretta M9.  All the firearms functioned great.  This range actually takes the time to maintain their rental guns.Hint:  Last shooting point holds a floor mounted 1919.Go with these guys.... if your near the Vegas strip.FYI:  This is a bit off the beaten path.  Walking is out of the question.  You will have to take a cab.  At the end the employees will call a cab for you if you need one
5	Almost every type of ammo in stock.Answered all questions,never rushed,I will definitely return to this place.
4	Really like this establishment, the store carries a lot of beautiful guns, the gun range is nice, friendly staff.
5	I write this as someone who had never so much as held a gun before, who visited Discount Firearms and Ammo as a vacationer wanting to try shooting.  And as such, I was very impressed!  Our instructor was very knowledgeable and patient, and definitely safety-focused, which we appreciated. We signed up for three of the "Experiences" - Special Ops, Zombie Hunter, and the "Shoot For a Cure" for me.  My husband had been hesitant to participate, but I strongly encouraged it and he had as much of a blast as I did.  We got to try a variety of different firearms of different styles and "powers", as well as behaviors. With each gun, we got instruction on its background and basic function, and had any special information pointed out, like when shells ejected in a different direction, or parts of the gun would get hot. Yes, these are very basic to an experienced shooter, but as a pair of newbies - and our instructor was well aware we were newbies - this was valuable information. I don't want to give the impression this was all educational, though. It was fun! We shot at zombie targets and regular targets, moved from handguns to Uzis, and had a little friendly competition between us.  I would heartily recommend this experience for anyone even remotely interested.  The staff was friendly and social, the shuttle pickup and delivery was extremely convenient, and the emphasis on safety was very reassuring.  And the variety of guns and ammunition available seemed almost overwhelming - plan to try more than you think. You won't regret it.
3	Out of all the firearms stores I've been to in the area,  this place would be the last one on my short list to go to. Even though on the same visit my husband purchased one of his guns, he was rushed. I was over looking at the pistols away from him and I was pretty much ignored by sales staff.  It was real busy and I understand. But they did pick and choose their customers.  I guess I didn't look the part. Had to interject and when I went to ask a question about one of the guns I was discouraged from buying it and then brushed off and sales rep moved on to another customer.  WTFrog!  Mr B was going to get help for me but I said forget it! Didn't want to deal with these arrogant dudes. Plenty of other gun shops in the area. Good luck getting help!
4	I've bought my last three firearms from these guys and I will not shop anywhere else. Their prices can't be beat but their customer service can be frustrating if you lack patience.
3	Nice selection. Lots of guns and almost anything you could ask for in the gear department. Prices use to be some of the best in town. Now...not so much. I never really get much help from the staff when I'm browsing, but they do seem to be helpful to others. The shooting range here is pretty nice though. The locals discount makes shooting here an affordable alternative to other overpriced tourist spots as well.
1	The owner of this place must be a comedian. There is nothing discount about this place. At least he is laughing all the way to the bank (from suckers who pay the inflated prices here). I admit. I'm one of the suckers who actually fell for the "discount" name. Basically, this store caters to tourists who come to shoot machine guns. When you come to this tourist trap, you will be surrounded by pasty, hungover, Brits and assorted eurotrash and off the boat chinese, who come here to get a taste of what it means to be a free person. On balance, the service here is hit or miss (ha! no pun). The older more mature sales guys (with grey hair) are helpful. Unfortunately, most of the younger guys working this store, are extremely cocky, obnoxious, borderline sociopaths. Real Travis Bickle/Taxi Driver types who give responsible gun owners a bad name. Of course, everyone is a tough guy, when they have a gun... Dude - you're not Rambo. You are working retail, ok? You're just Al Bundy with a Glock.Overall the lack of service, and rapist pricing is good reason to skip this joint, and buy online instead. or just go to Bass Pro Shops off the strip for better prices, service and selection.
5	Thank you to Verner for being an awesome RSO! Walking my son through his first shoot! He was patient and took his time to explain what was going to happen. Couldn't ask for a better RSO! Thank you Discount Firearms for a great experience!
4	Awesome place to get help with your gun and try out something before you buy it. They helped me adjust my laser even though I didn't buy it from there.... They also gave me lots of useful advise and tips. Love it.
5	Guns freak me out but my friends convinced me to try shooting at least once. This place was great for my first--but probably only--time. They have a shuttle that picked us up from our hotel and took us to the store. We all got the breast cancer benefit package with the smaller guns (.22 pistol and rifle) that came with a t-shirt as well. Our instructor was very nice, informative, and attentive. I'm not sure how the prices compare to other places since I've never gone to a range before, but I thought that the package we got was perfect. And when we were done, the shuttle took us back to our hotel. All in all, I felt very comfortable with my experience here and I would definitely recommended it.
1	Both times I have been in here I have been disappointed.  Last time when I was look for a firearm they showed me a little pink gun I'm assuming because I'm a female. This time we came because online it states they are a full 5.11 retailer. They are not as we were only able to locate 1 polo that was 5.11. It is now the beginning of June and they still have a 2day sale sign up for 20% off 5.11 that is from May. Also because we were not looking at the firearms not a single employee spoke to us. I will continue to stay away from this store as they are not customer friendly.
5	Freaking awesome! Went there today to shoot some automatic weapons. Everyone was friendly and the range master was great. Bought a group package and they let us swap out the pistol for the uzi. Shot the uzi, mp5, m4, and ak47 on full auto. It was awesome. Had a great time and definitely recommend.
5	Incredibly helpful and friendly staff made my wife's first shooting experience one to remember.  Our range instructor was Bobby, a great instructor who took the time to break down ever part of the shooting experience so we could be comfortable.  He gave great beginner and intermediate advice, answered any and all questions, and was very understanding.  The prices are great but the people put this over the top!
4	My co-worker and I had sometime to kill before going to my convention in the morning. So I called them and they sent a van out to my hotel and dropped us off at the convention center after.  Everyone we dealt with was very friendly and helpful. Very welcoming compared to some ranges. I am an experienced shoot and firearms owner and my co-worker had only shoot once before. We came here to shoot full auto since back in our home state of NJ that is not allowed among other things. And we were not disappointed. They had a descent collection of well maintained rentals available. They have various experiences as they called them to choose from. We opted to do ala carte cause we had very specific guns we wanted to shoot. I went for the HK-53 which was $50 with 50 rounds (2 mags of 25 each) and my coworker went for the WW2 Thompson sub machine gun. Both put a nice grin on our faces after shooting them. That's probably one of the most reasonable deals you will find near the strip. Our RO was very good at explaining everything and making sure we were safe. Unlike some places that just want you to pull the trigger and empty the whole mag in 2 seconds. The RO want us to do controlled bursts. A much safer way and it makes it lasts a little longer. They encourage video and pictures which is a nice bonus. And even let you pose with your guns, unloaded and pointed in a safe direction of course with finger of the trigger as it should be. Put simply it was worth it.
5	A friend suggested we check these guys out and I'm so glad we did! These guys are great! Also they are cheaper than Bass Pro on their weapons $50+. We normally went to Bass pro for our purchased but these guys are great. They really know what they are talking about. Definitely coming here again.
5	I just completed the CCW course here, with Geza instructing. I've taken a lot of firearms and CCW courses over the years as I have now or have had in the past carry permits in a lot of states. Now Nevada does have one of the longest courses I've ever taken, expect to be there all day.But, it was worth it.Geza is an -excellent- instructor, this was without a doubt one of the best courses I've ever attended. It was very much worth the price. I found it informative and at times entertaining. Geza has a lot of experience dealing with law enforcement and security situations so the information he presented is relevant and presented by someone with a very extensive background.If you're looking to take the CCW course in the Vegas area, I would highly recommend this one.
5	This place is THE only gun store I've been to where the salesperson went out of his way to help me. He knew me and my boyfriend were from Cali and wouldn't be able to purchase anything, but he showed us the different AK's and explained that it would be better for me when it came to revolvers.One of the most pleasant experiences I've had in a gun shop yet! If I was a resident anywhere other than Cali or lived in Nevada I'd definitely buy my guns from that shop.Wish I could remember the gentleman's name, but he was a taller mid-age or little older man, With a goatee and salt and pepper hair. He's the man to talk to, he's absolutely great, informative and helpful!
2	Shot the M4 here, my first full-auto. They explained everything thoroughly; the store and range area were clean and well maintained. My complaint is that the firearm kept jamming, so I wasn't able to dish out as many rounds at once as I wanted to. I followed all of the instructions, and yet the M4 still jammed four times in one magazine; the range instructor could not determine the problem, but whenever it jammed he just cleared it and handed it back to me. I came here to shoot full-auto, and I could have done semi-auto in Canada, where I'm from. As a result, this was a waste of my money. They should have compensated me, or at least given me a different firearm after it jammed the first or second time.
5	Bought My 1st Pistol Here Lets see I will keep this one short and sweet. This place is awesome but is ALWAYS busy and it takes forever to get an associate to answer your question but I will say that majority of them are very helpful and very knowledge when it comes to the firearms and making any kind of recommendations! I visited this store about 3 times before deciding to buy and my last time I had a very helpful gentleman sell me a Springfield XDM 40 I love it!
5	I bought 2 pistols here because I just love the service they provide. Been to gun store in E Tropicana and the sales associate there behave like a car salesman even lie. I also got my CCW here with instructor Geza and he's awesome. I plan on buying my AR-15 here soon.
4	I stopped by Discount Firearms looking for a nice range to shoot at during the summer months. It is in the strip club area so I would consider this a daytime only place to shop. The prices in the retail store seemed to be fine to better than average and the range fee is great at $10.00. They seemed well stocked but definitely tourist oriented with logo gear and other things taking up much of the floor space. The whole place seems tired and in need of a remodel. Actually, the range needs a remodel badly. it looks like it hasn't been cleaned since last year. The plywood benches and other things are just worn out.  The layout was poorly designed too but they probably just made do with the space they had. I liked that the tourists seemed to be watched over closely and even though they obviously are tourist driven, they treat locals well. Other places that make their living off of tourists tend to treat locals poorly. I gave the 4 stars for the poor condition of the range and for the cranky cashier. She really needs a better customer service attitude. Otherwise, it wasn't all that bad.
5	Took my son here to shoot his first gun (an AK-47).  We had a blast!  The people working there are super friendly and the range officer Cameron was totally awesome and made the experience even better.  We will be back next time we go to Vegas.  Thank you guys!!!
1	So i came in today 9/4/14 with 900 in hand looking for a S&W 9mm only to be greeted by the short muscle man behind the counter (aka the jerk/other names) look I know you deal everyday with people who think they know guns but some of us actually do. he treated me like a kid who had no clue what he wanted. while in fact I'm a 9 year army vet of Iraq and Afghanistan believe it or not I knew what I came in for. he treated me like shit telling me I had no idea what I was saying. I guess saying surefire x300 and S&W 9mm tactical doesn't make sense and a black halk holster is stupid or....... He is an asshole worst service I've ever had. store looks like shit and is a poor excuse for a gun store guns may be cheep but that's exactly what you pay for a cheep fail on you ASAP type gun. I went to lock and load and got my gun and that place is the best I've been to in vegas in a long time so take what I've said for what you want but I think you need to know this
5	About a week ago I purchased a 1911 and the gentleman that helped me was friendly and GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE ( big bald guy) He saw me as a potential customer. And not like one of those salesman who thinks he's not gonna buy anything..just wasting my time type of person (not anyone in this store) however Iam very displeased on how the other employees treated this customer for having his firearm go off in the store. Loaded or not the gunsmith/employee should always safety check the firearm. I felt as if they bullied the customer by their own fault. Other than that love this place and can't wait for my next purchase.
3	Great place if you're looking to shoot or purchase firearms and/or ammo since they have plenty in stock behind the counter. Other than that, the remainder of the store is pretty small and there isn't great selection of anything. I walked around the store a few times and really didn't see anything that interested me, which is rare if I'm at a gun shop. They carry major tactical brands such as Magpul, 5.11, and Blackhawk but inventory is extremely sparse. Each item I saw was the last 1 or 2 in stock...
1	Never get helped when I go in. You have to try to find someone yourself, which isn't easy. Walked around for over 30 minutes and no one said a word to me. After I finally found what I needed I went to the counter. I waited for about 10 minutes behind one couple, when it was my turn to check out (I was only getting a belt) the guy looked at me and skipped right past me. I guess the person looking at guns was more important. I only go as a last resort. This isn't the first time this has happened either.
5	We were there on vacation last month for two days. The range is absolutely great and so where the people. The price was far better than any Socialist Californication range I'm been on. I will return again next year to fire full auto 9MM and 5.56 NATO weapons.
5	Go at least every two weeks to use their range, friendly staff and fair pricing
4	This place is great.  The staff is super friendly and helpful.  We recently attended one of their "Ladies Nights" in which they gave us instruction on cleaning a firearm.  The instructor was awesome.  The only reason I am not giving them a 5 star is because they were SO incredibly busy the place was packed and we did have to wait a bit.  I was a little disappointed I didn't get more range time, but other than that great place!  I will definitely be back.
4	Very clean business, and well lit.There ammo prices are some of the best in town I know I drove around town checking out many stores during my stay on Vegas.  The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable.
