3	we came here with a party of 21 for my friends birthday.. the interior is really nice and contemporary looking.. and a plus was that it was connected to a lamborghini showroom...  everyone was able to sit at one big table together... the menu was of italian food .. in which main dishes were priced from about $16-$40... so it wasn't so expensive and some portions were big so you could share with a friend... downside was that they have no soda refills.. what kind of expensive restaurant has no soda refills?  a little too high class for my taste...
3	This place has a nice patio and summery cocktails which were perfect compliments to the scorching July weather.  I stumbled upon this place as my friends and I were on our way out to dinner across the street at Social House.  We were approached by one of the staff members who asked us to check out their Happy Hour and grab a complimentary drink at the bar.  Hmmm... our reservations were for 8pm, and it was 7:55.... SURE, what the heck!  I ordered the Yellow Belly which I thoroughly enjoyed.  If you like lemonade, you'll LOVE this refreshing drink because it had lemoncello and ketel one citron.  I liked the colorful display of red, orange, yellow and green Lamborghinis in the showroom.  (hehe... It reminded me of Skittles... they just need to add a purple one.)  The place was a bit too stiff for my taste though, so I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back and have dinner here.  Thanks for the free drinks though!!
3	It was okay....Me and my roomie came here last night and had a pretty good dinner.I had the Ravioli and he had the Penne.The pasta was undercooked however we were informed of it prior to ordering as that's how the chef likes to prepare his pasta, a little chewy and not soggy. The sauce's were tasty, not amazing but the service was spot on and here's the best part.Take 2 dude's, throw them in Vegas in a restaurant and what could they possibly want more than nice looking girls, nice looking CARS.The restaurant is surrounded in glass by Lamborghini Las Vegas' showroom, so....while dining on your pasta you can make an offer on that '08 black on black Gallardo sitting 10 feet from you....Too bad they wanted 260K, I woulda actually played a little hard ball but then again, if I did, I would have been eating Ramen noodles for life!! Word to the wise, if your wallet is deep and you're feeling no pain, this is NOT a good idea as you WILL make some bad decisions. :)
4	This was the perfect place to stop by for happy hour on Friday night.  There was actually a mix of locals with us tourists...prob 'cause the cheap drinks & selected food at the bar.  It's a pretty small place, with a nice outdoor patio that has a straight shot of the Pirate show at T.I. across the street.  It seems kinda hidden too.  There's a direct entrance off the sidewalk along the strip and one right off the main entrance to Palazzo.
5	If you are looking for dancing, that's not your place to go. If you are looking for a romantic dinner on a very nice patio that's decorated with a large fountain and flowers, that's your place to go. Their waiters are very attentive without interrupting your conversations constantly. They do not ask you 5 million times "how is everything..." arghhh!!! My husband and I enjoyed the food a lot. We stayed for 7 days in Vegas and we went there twice. They have the best pizza!!! It's thin and crisp. So if you like Pizza Hut, you'll probably won't like this restaurant.
4	Straight up, my only complaint about this restaurant is the portion size.  Too small!  I understand that it's a fancy restaurant and portions are usually small, but that's usually reserved for French/Mediterranean bs, not good old Italian food.  The prime rib was absolutely unbelievable.  Like the taste was incredible, the juiciness, the flavorful crust, the meat red-soaked with deliciousness... it was really, really one of the best steaks I've tasted.  It's one of the most expensive things on the menu ($45) but sooo worth it.The wait staff was knowledgeable but mostly just really friendly.  The bathrooms are awesome -- that's one thing about Vegas, they really do it up in the bathroom stalls.  This one had some sort of orange glass bowl sink with a waterfall stream to wash your hands.  Their free bread came with a reeeeaally good pesto olive oil, their calamari was just right.  And you can see those Lamborghinis in this glass room next to the restaurant.  Pretty neat.
1	Do not be lured by the $12.50 breakfast special signs. All this means is that you can add coffee to one of their regular entrees. (Which, to be fair, are reasonably priced at about $8-9 each) Of course my tea was $7 so maybe that would have been a good deal. I have no problem paying that much for good tea that is steeped well, but I do have a problem when all it gets me is 2 tea bags, one of which is Lipton, and one cup of hot water. The food is average at best. I had their version of a bagel and lox, with cream cheese which didn't come with the advertised onion yet did come with advertised capers. (Both are usually included). I didn't even finish it because the salmon wasn't that great looking. The service was terrible. While our entrees were speedy, our water glasses were never filled and when my tea arrived at the table another server yelled "that's not hers!" Sure enough 30 seconds later an additional order of tea arrived. Whether or not that tea was intended for me isn't important, the way it was handled was extremely off putting. It's a tempting option Dal Toro is. Its usually empty, they serve breakfast until 11, and its inexpensive. Don't bite.
1	A big disappointment. Food was less than average and for the quaity was severly overpriced. The taste and presentation of everything could only be discribed as a really nice Olive Garden or something similar. Just too bland and not fresh tasting. The only redeeming quality to this place, and I'm not even sure it's a quality a restaurant should have, is the not so discreet Lamborghini showroom attached to the place. Some beautiful cars there, but don't get too excited....it's $10 to actually go inside and get close. Nice. I'm surprised this is in Palazzo considering everything else is such high quality.
3	I came for happy hour out on the patio. Although the happy hour prices weren't awesome, they were pretty good for the Palazzo. They had a variety of pizzas and dips and whatnot in the $8-$15 range. Drinks were half price and tasty. I loved being out on the patio where they had a really good  DJ. Overall not a bad spot for some happy hour deals.
3	My friend practically dragged us here for lunch because he is a huge fan of Lambos. Location: Basement of the Palazzo. Once inside: Wine cellar to the right. Lamborghini showroom also to the right. Outdoor patio straight ahead. Modern/comtemporary decor. Full bar. Hot european waitress. All eye candy. Food: The waitress brought out a basket of bread and olive oil to share. I ordered the the Kobe-style cheeseburger in med-rare with a side salad. A entree came with a free draft beer or dessert. I opted for a Heineken. The cheeseburger was very bland. The meat was flavorless. A double double from In and Out will show this burger what's up for a 1/4 of the price.  The best part of this meal was the free bread.. and of course the Heineken. Service: Was decent at first.. but went to shit after we got our food. My water became empty half-way through the meal and never to be filled again. Price: $15 for the burger. Free drink. Pasta ranges from $20-$30. Dal Toro did not impress me at all. Mediocre food for a high price. *$10 admission for showroom. I didn't go.
3	$9 Cesar salad - my plate should've been stuffed with croutons and freshly shredded parm cheese.  Nope: I got a plate of romaine lettuce.  I would've sent it back but I felt deprived of salads during my trip, plus, the dressing was creamy and delicious.  Still not worth $9!The Italian food served here matched well with the prices: ave entree was about $15.  Decent food, decent prices.  We weren't fond of the dip that was served with the bread (our guess was that it's spinach in olive oil?) but the waiter kindly gave us plain olive oil and parm cheese on the side.  Great service :)I wouldn't go back since I'm sure there are better places to visit on the strip.  But it was nice to have a relatively cheap and nonsteak dinner in Vegas!
3	We ate here today on their outside patio which was really nice.  Overall we had a great lunch and the food was good, but I felt it was a bit overpriced, but hey it's Vegas, and a relatively new establishment. They automatically included gratuity for 3 people which I thought was really odd, and they brought out another bottle of water without even asking us (considering we paid for non-tap water, I figured they'd have asked).   I had a prosciutto pizza with mozzarella, artichoke hearts, and olives which was really good.  Give it a try, maybe next time we'll just drink outside at the bar.
2	Upon checking into the Palazzo, we received a coupon for 20% off of a meal at Dal Toro.  Normally, I'd take that as a sign NOT to go to the restaurant, since they have to try so hard to get customers.  However, by the time Saturday night rolled around, my friends and I were in that somewhere-between-buzzed-and-hungover phase, and no one really wanted to eat.  Being the practical girls that we were, we figured we should at least get some food in our stomachs before another night of drinking began.  In came that 20% off coupon.Well, in the end, the food probably made us feel a little more nauseous than we were before eating.  Not that anything was "bad", but everything just tasted a little bit off.  It's definitely not worth the price you have to pay for it (even with a coupon!).  The one positive aspect to Dal Toro is that you can look at shiny Lamborghinis while you eat..."Meh. I've experienced better."
3	I had dinner at Dal Toro tonight after I attended a networking mixer. The food is moderately priced for a restaurant on the Strip, relatively speaking. My server was not the friendliest or the most personable, but she wasn't terrible either. I can say the same thing about the food as well, not great, not terrible, just okay.I had some bread to start out with with a little dish of some olive oil mixed with spinach, which wasn't bad. I ordered a plate of lasagna, which was a little small compared to portion sizes I have ordered from other Italian places, but it was pretty good and decent, enough to fill my stomach and whet my appetite. However, it tasted a little like it could have been pre-made, and not from scratch. I wouldn't be surprised if it was.I also ordered Pinot Noir, which was a little too oakey for my taste, but I'm more of a fan of white wine than red. I decided to try a different type of wine with my dinner for a change, but I probably should have stuck to white. For dessert I ordered a traditional Italian cake, which was also pretty decent. Overall, I was not overly wowed by anything in this restaurant. The atmosphere was nice, being right smack-dab in the middle of the Strip, so it is good for people-watching. Would I recommend Dal Toro? Probably just to have cocktails and for attending an event if there happens to be one, but not for the restaurant. If you want better Italian food, and better service, I would recommend you go somewhere else instead.
3	Dal Toro is located inside of the Palazzo and has a different vibe about it. This place is based off of Lamborghini, and even has a showroom of the cars. The food was pretty good, I got the Shrimp omelet, which contained shrimp, feta cheese and smoked salmon! My girlfriend got the breakfast special which came with 3 eggs, toast, and potatoes. I really enjoyed my omelet, my girlfriend, as ok with her meal. The downside to this place and the reason for the low stars is due to the service being really bad! I had a hard time trying to flag down a waiter to get some hot sauce, finally I just got up and went and grabbed it myself. It took about 10-minutes to cash out our check, and the staff just didn't seem happy to be there. This is not somewhere I would return for food.
4	Man, I really don't know why people are bagging on this place.  I guess I was a tad skeptical when I was offered a discount to come here while staying at the Palazzo.  But my friends and I didn't want to deal with searching for a place to have dinner upon arriving in Vegas, so we decided to swing by to check this place out...We had a relatively early dinner ~5:30 pm and were seated promptly (and also given the option of patio seating).  The service was friendly, though not top-notch.  All of our dishes arrived quickly and were prepared well!  I absolutely loved the Linguine allo Scoglio that I ordered...perfect al dente linguine and the huge shrimp were soooo fresh and juicy.  The clams and mussels were pretty good too!  The sauce had a slight kick to it, which I thought was AWESOME.  I really enjoyed my meal, and though the portions were not huge, they were most certainly filling, as I gleefully cleaned my plate and was completely satisfied.  Let me get things straight here, I out-eat most of my guy friends so don't get the wrong idea!!  Anyway, my friends enjoyed their dishes too...I sampled the prime rib and prosciutto pizza (excellent combination of flavors!) and liked them as well.I will admit that the menu is a bit pricier here for what you get, but with the 20% discount, it came out to be extremely worthwhile.  I still get cravings for that linguine...I might have to stop by again the next time I'm in town.
2	2 stars because it's good, cheap, food. Not amazing food, but free refrills on my orange juice....excellent! Only had brunch here, but everything was good. Service was amazing, considering my mother was speaking Italian with the waiter....I was a little sad that they charged to see the cars....but I guess it would have just been a tease if I touched them..
1	We went to Dal Toro because we had a $10 restaurant.com gift certificate.   We gave it to the server before we ordered.   After we finished our meal and received our check, we were informed that the restaurant no longer honored the certificate.Since the food was over-priced and the serving sizes were skimpy, we never would have chosen to eat there without the $10 discount.I ordered  a pizza, and the the cook "forgot" to put sauce or toppings on it.     There were six sliver-thin slices of zucchini, tomato and red pepper on the pizza crust - nothing else.   I asked for some marinara sauce which the server brought over.   Otherwise I would have thought that I was eating tomato on a cracker.   My husband had pasta with meat sauce that he enjoyed.   However, the serving size was equivalent to a side dish in most restaurants.The atmosphere was delightful and it was fun seeing the cars, but I wouldn't go back unless it was free
3	This is my first Yelp review so I'm kind of excited!After a long night of partying it up at one of the premier clubs in Vegas, Tryst, me and my group of friends woke up quite early to catch the dreaded morning after meal. We were staying at the Wynn and were actually headed to Denny's for some greasy-bad-for-you food, but actually noticed a sign that said $12.50 Breakfast special in front of Dal Toro. Since Denny's was a long ways to go, and the price seemed pretty decent, we went for this fancy looking Lamborghini-based restaurant that was conveniently located right next door to our hotel. The interior of Dal Toro was clean, sleek and lustrous and our group of 11 were seated at a long dining table, reminiscent of "The Last Supper" and complete with wine glasses that were later slowly refilled over and over again with water to quench our dehydration from the mass amounts of alcohol consumption the night before. Due to our thirst for water, Dal Toro's waiters were definitely not coming around as often to wait our needs. The restaurant was about less than half filled with customers and yet, the service was slow; not good especially when we were all starving and thirsty!! Nonetheless, they were still friendly, whenever they did come around just overall verrrry slow with: refilling our drinks, serving food, and the check that felt like it took longer to get than our food. Food: I ordered the Eggs Benedict that was decently portioned consisting of the usual English muffin topped with ham, poached eggs, and hollandaise and complete with a side of potatoes. It was pretty good except that I would ask for hollandaise on the side because that became a bit much and overpowering as the taste got to me towards the end of my meal. The potatoes, however, were delicious and really tasted like french fries except in a round form! My boyfriend ordered the cheese and ham omelet that came with toast and potatoes as well. This omelet as well as the other omelets on the menu, had the cheese and ham tucked nicely into the inside of the folded egg, instead of it being mixed into the egg (if that makes sense). Though it was different from the usual omelet, he was still satisfied with his meal, although I was expecting it to look like a fancy omelet for some reason, considering the kind of restaurant it was for brunch. Dal Toro deserves 3 stars for 3 reasons: 1. though everyone that worked there were nice, they were like the speed of a turtle with their service and it was hard to get their attention even though the place was not packed--slow for a group of 11 that were hungover, hungry, and dehydrated! 2. the food was good, but nothing too different that stood out to me from the normal breakfast meals, except the potatoes that were yum! 3. it was decently price, from $10-$15 for a decently portioned meal.Hmm... maybe Denny's would have been worth the walk?
4	After making clubbing a higher priority then dinner, I came here way past 11pm. Fortunately this place stayed open until midnight. I made a quick trek across the bridge on Sands blvd from the Wynn and to the Palazzo to get my munchies on.  The decor at this place is definitely stylish. You can't beat the bull infront of the restaurant. It definitely keeps up with the 5 star Palazzo appeal.  Not to mention theres a Lamborghini store right next to the restaurant. All the cars were covered up, and the area was closed off. I guess you have to pay to see or take pictures of those sweet rides.I ordered a Salmon pizza which came with cream cheese, olives and onions. This was the first time I ever had fish on my pizza, but it tasted wonderful. It wasn't a deep dish, but more of a light and thin cracker style crushed. The food was delicious and I was even more delightful to see the bill at $22. This is not bad for a place where I got a strip view and a free pirate show at the TI across from this place.Definitely ask for the outdoor seating when you visit the Dal Toro! Here is a clip of the view we had from our table: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oMWFqnrQQg
3	my experience at Dal Toro was ok - nothing spectacular but it wasnt horrible either...came here for a late lunch around 2pm on a saturday afternoon. we def didnt want to sit on the patio in the middle of the las vegas heat so we opted for a nice table inside haha...service was alright - didnt have to wait extremely long for our server or anything like that and overall it was quick and efficient service.one of the draws for us to eat at Dal Toro were the prices at lunch. my breaded chicken panini was $13 plus another $3 for a side of french fries. the panini was good but i felt like the sandwich was all bread. after half a sandwich, i gave up and just at the chicken instead haha. again, nothing amazing but it did the job and satisfied my hunger.*Note: not sure if it was just our group but for 3 of us, they automatically added 18% gratuity on our bill...which was def a total rip off! Be sure to double check your bill when you get it so that you won't be double tipping!
1	went to dal toro for breakfast with my wife, and we were hoping to enjoy a good breakfast BUT we experienced the opposite...  they sat us down and made us wait and wait to take our order...  my wife wanted to order the vegetable omlet without mushrooms, but the server said that was not possible because it was already mixed in...  does that even make any sense???  my wife settled for the shrimp and salmon omlet, and it was pretty bad...  they used frozen shrimp which were overcooked...  i had the eggs benedict and it was no better then my wife's omlet...  they brought 2 glasses to the table but didn't want to serve any water with it...  the server only came back with the pitcher of water when i got up out of our table with our 2 glasses looking for the water...  there was an other couple who sat down 2 tables from us who was also treated with the same bad service...  no waiter ever came to their table...  they ended up leaving after sitting and waiting for 15 minutes with no service...  looking back in hind sight my wife and i wished we would've done the same after our bad meal...  bad service + bad food = dal toro...  h-100...
4	We went to Dal Toro for breakfast. We were drawn to it because of advertised $12.50 breakfast special and because it had an outdoor patio on the Strip. Another plus is that breakfast is served until 11:30 am. The ambiance was quite nice, with a nice fountain separating the patio from the strip, and service was prompt. I had the vegetable omelette served with potatoes and a piece of toast with jam and butter - all very delicious. I ended up not getting the special because it was basically just 3 plain eggs and coffee or juice (you can add toppings for $1.50 each). My husband got the eggs benedict, which also came with potatoes, and a coffee.  All of the breakfast options were affordable (about $11), which for a sit-down breakfast is not bad considering the Disneyworld pricing on the strip.  Overall, it was a good place to grab a quick late breakfast.
1	Dal Toro... more like Dal Terrible!!! We were duped by the $12.50 breakfast sign. Good marketing. When we came in they asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside. We opted for inside. We sat a bit and observed. All the other patrons needed things and the servers were frantically running around. We realized that every server outside had a couple tables inside, which made NO sense. Call me crazy, but why wouldn't you have a server devoted to inside tables and other servers devoted to tables outside. I know I'm a total genius... unfortunately who ever was planning did not share my genius qualities. If you do arrive make sure you bring a flag because if you need ANYTHING be prepared to flag anyone and everyone down. We never got refills on their crappy coffee, had to beg for refills for water and then there was the food. *Gagging as I think about it* I wanted the veggie omelet with no mushrooms and was told the omelets were already premade. That makes no sense to combine all the veggies and pre-make them. How much time are you really saving and then freshness is seriously compromised! I settled for the salmon and shrimp omelet... how bad could that be? Uh B A D !!! My husband got old reliable, eggs benedict. Well both plates were disgusting. My omelet was super fishy the shrimp was obviously frozen. The potatoes that joined each of our entrees were soggy and swimming in oil. To make things worse it was cold... blah! I took a few bites and left the rest. It was inedible. My hubby's eggs benedict came with very little hollendaise sauce. The sauce was white not yell. The eggs were not runny. They were cooked all the way through and was also cold. We thought about sending the food back, but it would sitll be lousy. This place is NASTY!!!! The food is NASTY!!! I will never set foot in this "restaurant" again! Service Bad Food Bad Quality Bad Freshness Bad Price Bad Decor Corny STAY AWAY!!! You've been warned
3	We had breakfast at Dal Toro twice, thanks to our promo at the Venetian that included free breakfast there - we were given a choice of french toast or pancakes, served with a side cup of fruit and coffee or juice, but we also ordered dishes off of the regular menu (they're pretty reasonably priced compared to breakfast menus at other high end resort establishments). The omelettes are very good and their version of eggs benedict is unique and tasty. The pancakes and french toast were good, not great. The coffee is strong, which is a huge plus, and the OJ tasted like fresh squeezed. Service was adequate. The dining room is casual, with views of the Lamborghini shop/showroom and Top 40 music playing. Would this be my ideal breakfast destination? Not really - it pales in comparison to Bouchon (next door at the Venetian) and Terrace Pointe Cafe and Society Cafe (at neighboring Wynn and Encore, respectively). But if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive place to grab your morning coffee and a bite, it'll do just fine.
2	Not terrible but nowhere worth the price.Went there with some friends. Our server was borderline creepy--- when we asked for more time to view the menu he sarcastically asked if we'd be ready by tomorrow. uhhh, k?The food was alright. I split 3 dishes with 3 friends. Eggplant parmesan from the appetizer menu, Caprese, and the formaggio raviolis (I forgot whatever fancy name they slapped on them). The eggplant parm was boring and very greasy... I've had better from coffee shops. The raviolis were good, but lacked any stuffing. They were seriously flat. The sauce that accompanied them was a little thick I thought, but tasted fine. Best part of the meal was the Caprese. Very fresh and presented nicely. Only thing worth the money that we tried. Also after eating there we asked if we could see the collection of cars they have next to the restaurant, as it is one of the "draws" of this place. Nope, cover charge. Forget that.In short, skip this place. Overpriced tourist trap.
1	I signed up on yelp just to give this a place a review.  They seated us really quickly, but in a cold freakin' show room with fold out chairs and space heaters.  When the food came out they couldn't remember who ordered what and kept trying to give orders to the wrong people.  My friend didn't get his food at all, they just lost his order or something and the server didn't come around more than once after we ordered our food.  When we were finally able to flag down a waiter to tell him our friend didn't have food he was really nice about it.  But then the food didn't even come until everyone was done with their food already.  And that was only because we had to remind them AGAIN that he hadn't gotten his food yet.  AND THEN, IT WAS THE WRONG DISH!!!  We had to wait another 15 min or so before they finally brought out the right one.  The food was not very good and i wouldn't have eaten as much as I did if I wasn't starving already.  We wanted to pay the check and leave but no one would come to our table and finally the bartender from the other room came to help us.  When we finally got the check they didn't come to collect it for another 15 min!This place was awful, I get better service at mcdonalds.  i gave the one star because the people were nice.  but they shouldn't be in customer service and the food wasn't the worst i've ever had, but it was still pretty terrible.
5	I have dined at Dal Toro a number of times since I travel to Vegas often and I simply love it! In the warmer months I love to sit outside on the patio and eat lunch in the sun beside the gorgeous fountains. I have brought friends here for dinner as well, and everyone loved the elegant ambiance outside on the patio plus the music was great. I found the food to be authentically Italian cuisine - with amazing pasta choices. All of my dinner companions were raving about the spicy seafood pasta, the fried calamari as well as the baked clams we had to start. Our waiter was so attentive and made sure to pour our wine and bring us more water bottles without us even having to ask or look for him. The wine selection was excellent and the waiter quite knowledgeable in all the wines we inquired about.  Ask the waitor to recommend the dessert - it will be worth it!  We had the chocolate profiteroles and they were phenomenal - creamy and just the right consistency.The highlight - he brought us complimentary dessert liquor after our meal! Wow I was impressed. I think Dal Toro is perfect for dinner dates and casual lunches as you tour Las Vegas, although I've also seen a lot of families and business dinners here too. Highly recommend. Reasonably priced for the quality offered. Great atmosphere!
3	Not the best restaurant in the Palazo/Venitian complex.  I had the filet and it was over cooked and the meat was tougher than most filets. The lobster spaghetti which was very good.  The lasagna was average at the best.  The NY Steak was also overcooked.  The meat station in the kitchen needs to get it right and the cut of meat should be better.
3	My work colleagues and I went here after a long day at a conference.  Despite there being several conferences in town at the same time, this place was relatively quiet on a Wednesday night.  So it was easy to get a table and be seated right away.Overall, the food was very good.  I had their special steak sirloin with mushrooms in a white wine sauce.  The caesar salad was just ok.  However, I would say the service was terrible.  Whether it was the cocktails, the dessert, or our bill, service was just slow.  And this is on a slow night with 25% of the tables occupied.  I wonder what it must be like when the place is packed.
2	Solid menu, but the food is pretty typical/mediocre.  Way better places to eat in the Palazzo and Venetian.It doesn't totally suck -- if this is your only option for getting a table without a huge wait, it certainly is edible and the service is passable.  But that is a pretty low bar to clear, particularly when compared to the offerings of its in-house competition.
4	This rating is only for the outdoor dining area on a sunny (70s) day. The hostess was not the most attentive, but we were seated in a timely matter at a table of our choice. There was plenty of shade plus sun and we immediately loved the ambiance.The bread and olive oil were delicious, but the food was just average. We had the penne bolognese and one of the spicy sausage pizzas. The food was just alright and very overpriced. For the lunch size of the penne it was $15 and the pizza was $16. I think that if you are visiting Vegas in the warmer months, check it out, but based on the other reviews, the actual indoor restaurant doesn't seem that great.
3	Sorry, have to bring down the review a star because I came here again 2 weeks later with 9 girls and the service was terrible again. Our water glasses were always empty and the waiter barely ever came by.The worst part was that the crab and asparagus pizza came out as a tasteless piece of bread with condiments. On top of that, the pizza came out with crab, tomatoes, and asparagus with no pizza sauce. Dal Toro needs to work on their food and service if they want to charge the prices that they do.
1	Went here to try something new... I knew I should've checked yelp before going in but I didnt.... fail! The food is mediocre not worth it for the price. I ordered the lobster rissoto which had a little bit of a fishey smell for $40! Totally not worth it... my fiance ordered the filet mignon which was cooked pretty tender but the cheese sauce they poured on it made it taste like it was spoiled meat! Yuck! Also dont get the Diablo mojito because it was not very tasty at all. Tasted like nothing but alcohol with a hint of cucumbers...The service.. oh my gosh, I dont even want to go there... it was horrible... It took 30 mins just to flag down a waiter and get a refill! All in all, I would definitely not go here again or recommend it to anyone for dinner.I think the only highlight of the restaurant was the Kobe carpaccio for appetizer and the ambiance of sitting in the patio outside was a bit romantic. ..Overall I rate this place a 1/2 star. Next time ill be sure to check yelp before going blindly into a new restaurant I never tried before.
2	I went to Dal Toro mostly because it was within a Lamborghini dealership!  With that being said, the food wasn't that great.  Its probably twice as expensive but only 2/3rds as good as any Macaroni Grill.  The funniest thing is I went to the Wynn buffet the next day and created almost exactly the same $9 dollar salad I had at Dal Toro in about 30 seconds!The cool part is I was able to go into the showroom without paying admission
1	The car showroom is a waste of time and money.  Complete rip off and the owner is a jerk.  Do not go here!
2	Like I've said before I hold Vegas establishments to very verry high standards and unfortunately this restaurant did not meet them nor did it come close!I'm a huge luxury car fan so I had to come here, which probably isn't the best reason to eat somewhere but its in the Palazzo so how bad could it be? Sadly pretty bad!I will start off by saying the prices weren't as bad as I thought considering the theme so I wasn't terribly upset I was just very dissapointed. This place has so much potential to be a great restaurant unfortuneatly it was executed poorly. All I remember about my meal here is that it was just OK, not the worst but definitely had much better! The real highlights were the cars and the really HOT hostess!
3	Good food at good price but menu limited
4	Typical Vegas, went expecting nothing, got an incredible steak, seamless service and a good time.
3	Patio seating was really nice for our reservation at 8. Not too hot. Took about 15 min before someone came and wiped down our table and took our drink orders, so that was a negative. The Mrs had the caprese and it was a little bland. Crabcakes were pretty solid. Didn't get an entree because of the appetizers. Desserts were really good. The creme puffs and chocolate ice cream with cocoa powder were both excellent. Didn't go into the Lam showroom. All in all a decent experience but nothing special.
1	My husband and I sat down on the patio for breakfast.  Patio is lovely.  Although there were only two other tables, no one came to see us, even to bring water after over 10 min.  We finally ordered.  Potatoes came cold.  Food meh. Two other couples sat down and eventually left without being served.  My husband ordered juice, and it never came.  We got the wrong check TWICE.  I would not return or recommend.
2	I kid you not. At the end of the meal my friend said "Well, the best thing we had was the water." And the rest of us nodded our heads in agreement. Let me explain.It was hot. We were outside. It was lovely to be out on the patio by the water fountains. My fellow diners and I have all lived in  Europe. We are  not super demanding American tourists. But it was hot. All we wanted to do when we sat down was drink some water. It was fully 15 minutes before a server even came by to offer us menus but did not get us water. Another 10 minutes and the waiter stopped by and finally poured some water. My friend managed to get in her diet coke order before he hurried away from our table but my order fell on deaf ears as he was walking away. Another several minutes before my friend got her diet coke and still no offer to take our order for drinks or food. And people - they were not busy - at least half the tables were empty. It gets worse. The food was just not that good. My salad was described as an herb salad with yellow and red pear tomatoes. When it arrived it had no herbs and I basically had to mine for the tomatoes. This might have been forgiven but the dressing had no flavor. I think they must have just put oil over the salad, no vinegar, no flair, nothing. Even on The Strip at $9 for a small pre-dinner salad I expect some flavor.Later came the Asparagus Crab pizza. Asparagus. Ha. The asparagus was used like a garnish. One overcooked, wrinkled looking little half-spear was placed on every other slice of pizza. In total - no more than 3 full spears were harmed in the making of that pizza. The crab was generous but nothing great. Far too much cheese - so much so that the thin crispy style crust drooped when you picked up your slice. It was just disappointing. Hence, my friend ending the meal with the saddest little quote ever "The best thing about that meal was the water."
4	I've dined at Dal Toro numerous times and have always had a great experience every time I go.  The food is good, the service is friendly and attentive, and the patio is the best on the strip!  I am a local in Las Vegas, and it takes a lot to get me to go to the strip, but Dal Toro is one of the few reasons I go to the strip!  While I have not had everything on the menu, I've enjoyed everything I have tried, and have several suggestions on what to get.  My favorite dish on the menu is the Proscuitto and Truffle Pizza, which is fresh mozzarella, shaved parmesan, fresh arugula, and white truffle oil on a thin crust pizza.  The waiter, named Byron, suggested this dish and was very glad he did!  He also suggested the Branzino (Sea Bass) and the Tortiglioni Rustici.  The branzino was cooked perfectly, and served with a white wine, lemon, olive, caper, and tomato sauce.  The tortiglioni was the best pasta I've had at Dal Toro, and is served in a cream sauce with bacon, chicken, mushrooms, cheese, and thyme.  Awesome dishes!I have also had several of their steaks, so if you're looking for a steak I would highly suggest the Ribeye.  It's a very large bone-in grilled Ribeye, another one of the best things on the menu!  If you are in Las Vegas and are looking for great Italian food, don't look past Dal Toro.  One of the best Italian restaurants on the strip!  Not to mention one of the best locations on the strip!
4	We had a great time at this restaurant.  The service is Excellent!  The Calamaretti appetizer was really good.   The pasta dishes my daughter and I ordered were good as well.  My husband said his pizza was delicious.  We had lunch and it was a great value.   The restaurant has a good vibe.  We would've liked to sit outside but is was really hot when we were in Vegas last month.  There is a car showroom downstairs that's pretty cool.  We'll definitely be back.
4	We were looking for a place to eat in Palazzo, and that lead to Dal Toro.We had to go through a few elevators including our own search times. The hostess at the down the stairs walked with us to the elevator and walk through very fancy cars, then opened the door for us to the restaurant.That was quite an adventure for us with a stroller.I had seafood linguini. it was good.Sierra Nevada was not flat. it was cold and tasty.Service personals were very kind.There are not many restaurants in that corner of Palazzo.We always had to walk through casino, no matter where we're going.Dal Toro looked like to be seen place, cause so many girls with prom dresses came to the restaurant.Anyway it's just too expensive for the food we're getting.Still I give 4.
1	NEVER AGAIN.I went here for a friend's birthday, and we were a party of 9, so I can understand some difficulty there, but our group has been used to fine dining establishments and knowing myself, I always try to save the waitstaff the stress of tending to a large party.Believe me, I've waited on large parties before- our group wasn't difficult.  A couple with a baby is already difficult, but we are all adults here.Let me skip over the decor because I should've regretted the moment that I entertained the thought of dining with cars next to me.  I don't care if they're Murcielagos- the service and the food was still horrendous.Believe me, I wouldn't skip over the good parts if there were any but to tell you the truth, there were none.  Maybe the hostess- she was pretty.But the food was nothing special.  I didn't get an appetizer because I didn't feel like it, so I got a dish with clams.  They were undercooked.  The server kept telling me they were cooked, and I told him to taste it because it was cold inside.  Just because they are open, according to popular belief, doesn't mean they are cooked.  That just means they're dead because the muscle holding it open isn't functioning anymore.So then I ordered a fettuccine dish.  They came out with ravioli instead.  That was the second mistake they made on my dish.  My friends ordered a ravioli dish, and there was only 5 pieces.  Waste of money.The servers and bussers were inattentive, and they seem to be all hired through friends and hook-ups.  This is alright- it makes sense to managers to hire people who they trust, but it seems that the staff has gotten too comfortable.I didn't leave a tip- I never leave a tip at establishments where the staff or the chefs/cooks themselves make crucial mistakes.  Maybe it was just a bad evening there, considering there are quite a few good reviews on this place.But anyways, I went to the giftshop upstairs after dinner and got myself a bottle of Fiji to flush down the salmonella-ridden pasta.. if you call it pasta.  Best $4 I spent that evening, even though it was on overpriced water.Eat at Lavo instead- the food there is a tad better and there's actually well-trained servers there.
1	Yeah I hated this place. Better off eating Chef Boy R D out of the can cold. Horrible staff who didn't care one way or the other if you were enjoying your experience. Probably the WORST decor on the vegas strip. Probably the best thing about the place...the view of the lamborghini off in the distance. Trust me...DONT COME HERE!
3	My friends and I came to Dal Toro after seeing a Cirque show. The half priced ticket guys had recommended this place as a good place for Italian style food. They sat us promptly and our server was a bit absent minded, but the food was okay. They didn't have a huge selection, but it wasn't a bad one. I don't think I would go here again, because there is so many options on The Strip. It wasn't great, and it wasn't terrible. It truly was bland.
4	We had the private room with a party of seven.  The room was quiet and the service was quick and friendly.  Our waiter was funny and cracking jokes with us.  The decor was nice and as you walk in there is a model of a drop of ink.  There is also a ferrari (?) in the restaurant. I had the seafood salad as a starter.  Very very delicious!  Next, I had the seafood linguini.  Also very tasty!  I was so full after the meal.  I would come again.  Excellent food and great service.  Priced just about right.
2	I went here with two other friends for dinner, but it was nothing from what we expected.First of all, this restaurant could use some redecoration, and the atmosphere didn't made me feel comfortable enough to enjoy my dinner. There was just too much noise.The menu wasn't  impressive at all, but prices were ok. My friends and I looked at it for like 20 minutes and we still were not sure what to order. I ended up having a filet mignon. Which in fact was not the best one I've had.I don't know for everyone else, but our server didn't showed a great service. Before our entre, we ordered a soup, which she totally forgot about and never brought. Also, we were all drinking coke, and she told us that they charge for refills after she brought the check. Charging refills on sodas sounds pretty stupid, and I never heard about such thing. Not even in high end Las Vegas restaurants.Anyways, I wouldn't go back here if I had the chance. Prices are not that high compared to other restaurants in Vegas, but I didn't had a good experience.
4	Good staff, very good crabcake and pasta dish. I enjoyed it.  Vegas as a million different options for food, but I felt like this was pretty reasonable. I would reccomend it to pretty much anyone.
4	Good luck finding this place! Its on the bottom floor of the Palazzo and you'd walk right past the hostess if you weren't paying attention. We ended up at Dal Toro for lunch because Emeril's Stadium was packed and had a long wait. But very glad we ended up at Dal Toro - we ordered from the (affordable) lunch menu and it was honestly the best tasting food I had the whole weekend. I ordered the Panino di Pollo alla Milanese (lightly breaded chicken breast with arugola, basil pestoand sliced tomatoes) with fries which was a nice break from all the heavy buffet food we'd been having.There was hardly anyone else in there which was nice considering Vegas was at max capacity with CES and the Adult Convention happening.Nice place to sit down and take your time eating :)
3	Came to this restaurant because there was a sale for coupons for 25% off whole meal along with a show ticket purchase. Ended up to be a mediocre experience with little surprises.The service in the restaurant is good as the server was not in your face and does not try to coax you into adding extra money for additional items.A great plus in the restaurant is the LAMBORGHINI expo right beside the restaurant. If you eat in the restaurant, you can actually take pics with the cars and be able to touch it!!!!!!Food was alright and not exceptional. If it wasn't for the discount, I would think that the pricing for the quality is too high. But since I had the coupon for discount, I found the meal to be just-right!!!
3	This might pass as a good italian restaurant if you're not from a major metro, but for the most part you can find much better Italian cuisine on the strip (and in the same property for that matter) without too much effort.However I can't be too negative. The pricing is very reasonable by Vegas standards and the service was very attentive.  The patio seating is also a highlight and you can get a free TI pirate show as a bonus.  One thing to note though, the "specials" menu was much more interesting than the regular, however we were told that they had run out of most of those "special" items that night.. despite it being only 8pm.  Weak.
1	Let's start with something nice.  I love the Palazzo.  Ok, now that we're done with that... what were they thinking putting Dal Toro in the basement?  It's hard to find (go down the escalators to locate it); didn't have great food (yet was still at lovely expensive las vegas prices); and had poor service.  I'd heard that the lasagne was delicious, it wasn't.  I'd heard that there was a room full of cars to gaze at - there was, but we weren't seated in it.  :\  We were seated at a table right next to the bar against a wall, which was kind of awkward - next time, ask for the room with the cars.  A definite pass.  I will not be returning, but thanks for playing.
1	Love the Palazzo and I love cars... But customer service... Uh... Fail.Went for breakfast...Food: it was fine. Got the salmon omelet but the potatoes that came with it was good. But I could had made it myself... Maybe better because id put more spices.Decor: I did love the sink in the bathroom... Yes took a photo ofit cuz it was cool to me haha. But the decor was car theme-ish with the logos but then you see odd paint art.Service: bad. She was snooty to us since the gratuity is kinda forced on us anyways... I was tempted to complain but my friend said just review it and never go there... So... Here it is.Palazzo -even all of Vegas- has tons of food with great service... Go there instead!
4	I was staying at the venetian so we decided to check out this place.  It was a thursday night and I think their were only about 5 other people in the place.  Not a very happening vegas spot.  We sat at the bar for a little bit and the bartenders were all very nice and drinks were good.  The food overall was pretty good, not the best italian ever, but certainly above average.  Portions were all good in size as well.
2	Service was great, that's the most positive thing I can say about this place. Looks like it was perhaps in a former life a Mexican restaurant. Orange adobe walls, gloomy atmosphere. Bellied up to the bar for a pear martini which tasted like green sweet Kool-aid, was gross, and I'm not one to complain about ANY martini's. Bartender was dingy and had to ask my hubby three times what he ordered (seems to be the common Vegas thread lately, bartenders with lots of makeup, big hair and big boobs, tight clothes and major attitude)....Almost $30 for two cocktails that were not even that good/ The restaurant was 80% empty when we got sat and hostess tried to seat us right next to this other couple in a tiny table with about a foot between the two tables, roller her eyes when we asked if we could have a larger table somewhere else? Waiter was very nice, very accommodating but past tasted like Chef Boy R Dee out of a can and our bill was well over $100 for two of us. That will be our one and only visit to Dal Toro unfortunately.
2	Being a foodie, my friend gave me the job of finding a restaurant for us to visit while in Vegas for her bachelorette party.  Unfortunately, I chose Dal Toro.Despite the service being rather satisfactory (drinks and food were delivered somewhat rapidly), we were pretty perturbed when they moved us from our table after being seated for at least 15 minutes.  The reason? A (reservationless) party decided they wanted the booth we were occupying and apparently they looked like bigger spenders.We complained and requested free drinks, and they accommodated.  This was one of the most positive aspects of the dinner (free drinks, that is).  The decor was beautiful, but a bit too romantic and quiet for a bachelorette party.  I would say it would be better for a date; that is, if the food was any good.  Unfortunately, the lasagna I ordered was pretty detestable.  Everyone else said their food was "alright."  Not too convincing to me.  I honestly don't remember if the drinks were tasty or not; I'll consider that as "they were OK."  No bread/butter for the table either.  Quite disappointing for an Italian restaurant on the strip, if you ask me.  Which you are, considering you're reading my review :-)  I'd say go to Maggiano's; it's a much safer bet (especially for big groups)!
1	***It's a really long review, I hope it doesn't deter you from reading it***I really wish yelp gave the option of  giving 1/2 stars. . .  And so with that opening sentence, here is my review:A group of friends and I went to Dal Toro out of sheer desperation. It was a Saturday night and well, being Vegas, all the good restaurants were already booked. Now, I know that we could have gone to any restaurant but we were starving and that was the only place we could get. The restaurant is at The Palazzo and located in the lowest level of the hotel. It was actually really hard to find and feared that because we were late, our reservation had been canceled. No such thing. Upon finally arriving, we checked in with the hostess. While we waited to be seated, a bride and groom (it is Vegas after all) went up to the hostess and asked if they could accommodate a party of 23. They said they were willing to wait since it was a walk-in. The manager comes out and says that it will take about 15 minutes. Now, THAT should have been my first clue. Sadly, I thought nothing of it.The hostess tells us that our table is ready, so we go in. Looking around, I didn't see that many people but again, didn't think twice about it. Our waiter comes to greet us and take our drink order. A few of us decide to get a bottle of wine while another one asked for a virgin daiquiri. The waiter tells her that they don't make frozen drinks there. So, she gets a Shirley Temple. Now, the wine selection was not that impressive and to be quite honest, they prices were a bit high.  We get our drinks and now it's time to order.  2 get the Tuna Tartare, another on gets the Salad di Campo (which is just greens with yellow red pear tomatoes with lemon olive oil) and I get the Caesar salad. while waiting for the appetizers, we munched on the bread and this delicious pesto-type dip. The appetizers are here, yay! What a big let down. Let's start with the Tuna Tartare: the description said it was a spicy fresh tuna with a balsamic reduction and micro arugula. It was neither spicy nor fresh. The balsamic reduction was a drizzle on the plate, not even on the tuna. Oh and the micro arugula consisted of a sprinkle of little teeny-tiny leaves, so that was true to the description.The salads were basic, nothing special about them.Our waiter comes and asks how our food is. We tell him that the tuna does not taste fresh and it's pretty much a disgusting dish. He asks if we want the kitchen to make a new. Hmm, let me see. . . that would be a no! We asked for something completely different and off he went. The new appetizers were Crab Cakes and a Caprese salad. The salad was good, the crab cakes were not. We didn't say anything else because we feared that our food would get spit on.The entrees come and we all look at each other not know what to expect and hoping to be pleasantly surprised. Sadly, that was not the case. We ordered the following: Veal Milanese, Prosciutto Pizza, Pasta with chicken and NY steak with a peppercorn brandy cream sauce.*sigh*The veal was crusted with  panko bread crumbs but it was so dry, cutting it was next to impossible.  Presentation wise, the pasta was a big mess but it was edible. The pizza was nice and crispy with a generous amount of prosciutto and an even more generous amount of arugula. Upon first impression, the steak looked good. However, when trying to cut it, it disappointed. I say "trying" because it was so tough, I had to struggle with it. It was then that I realized I was using a butter knife so I asked for a steak knife. I thought that would solve the cutting issue but again, that was not the case. I could not cut a piece for the life of me. I was arm wrestling it, no joke. The manager happened to stop by as I am doing that and asks how our food was. (I assume he heard about the tuna tartare) I tell him my steak is so tough I can't even cut it with the steak knife. So he asks if he can try to cut me a piece. Even HE struggled with it but played it off like I wasn't cutting it right. He then has the nerve to ask me what was wrong with. Really? He suggest maybe cooking it a little bit more (it was med-rare) and I tell him that that's not the problem. The problem was the big tendon-nerve running through the whole meat. I tell him that I don't want it and do not want anything else in its place. Boy was he mad! He took it and said nothing.Not once, did he apologize or even PRETEND to feel bad for our experience. Quite frankly, we felt that we were the inconvenience and not the other way around. To be honest, we felt a bit disrespected for having spoken up. With so many restaurants and so many choices, one would think that they would go out of their way to make our dining experience a pleasant one. Our waiter never came back, that's how bad it was.I hope that although a bit long, my review helps you in deciding whether to patronize this restaurant.
1	Woke up starving Sunday morning, endured a 4 minute walk on the scorching strip and saw the fountains outside Dal Toro, beckoning like an oasis. So we walked back in to the Palazzo, past the Sports store and bar (both closed) and were seated at an outdoor table next to the moat of fountains. This is a phenomenal spot for people watching on the strip because you're recessed from the street and separated by tropical-ish plants and a moat of lovely step fountains. Too bad the view is the only highlight of this restaurant. The service was atrocious. ATROCIOUS. We had a miserable man who may have just woken up himself, possibly still high. We had to flag him down to take our order after he walked by our table 5 times, never acknowledging us. No, he was not doing anything like delivering dishes when walking by. I asked for water twice before walking up and getting it myself. When he saw me doing so he apologized- I'm glad he had to sense to know that a customer should not be doing that at a non-buffet restaurant. I just shrugged and said Hey I was already up. I had ordered eggs benedict and asked for no ham. Of course, out comes the dish with ham on it. I pointed it out to the server who again  said oh gosh sorry. Funny enough just before he brought out our dishes he was apologizing to the table adjacent to ours- someone ordered something "not spicy" and he thought they said "extra spicy". An easy thing to confuse. Not.The food was not worth the wretched service. Eggs overcooked, toast burned, bleh. Although the fruit plate was fresh and tasty, I warn you all to not waste your time or money at this joke of a joint. It's too late for me, but save yourselves and avoid!
3	Dal Toro is solidly satisfactory for a casual dining choice. Traditional Italian dishes, adequately prepared. Service is a bit leisurely paced, which can be a bit frustrating if you're really hungry. If anything stands out about Dal Toro, it's that nothing whatsoever stands out about Dal Toro. Firmly middle-of-the-road.
5	First, I added an extra star because of the low rating this place has, and its very very unfair...i almost didnt go because of their rating but i had already purchased a discount coupon from tix4tonight (25% off for 3 bucks a person) so decided to just do it anyway.And i'm glad we did, we went there for lunch, sat outside, had a pizza and pasta of the day and were SO surprised at how awesome it was. Service was great, the server was a young kid, but was so polite, very understanding and willing to go out of the way to make sure we were happy (i'm vegetarian so had to make some inquires and changes to what i wanted. The food came out great but a little bit salty for the GF though i thought it was fine.The Lambo museum/dealership is blah, its cool to look at if you're eating there and get in for free, but dont pay money to see it, same kinds of cars are driving up and down the strip on a busy weekend anyway.So yah, if you can get a coupon and you go for lunch (coupon says not valid on lunch but they said its fine) its def worth it, tho dinner is on the expensive side, so its not for me (as vegetarian dishes are limited).
3	Maybe I'm a little low maintenance but I didn't know what is up with such low reviews for this restaurant. This place is located on the bottom floor of the palazzo. I didn't receive AMAZING service but it wasn't BAD either. The hostess was quick to seat us and we got our food fast & quick. The food wasn't bad nor great. But it was your typical olive garden but with really nice decorations there.The prices are pretty expensive because it's effing LV.Would I come to this place again? Probably not.
5	We've made this our MUST STOP every time we stay in Vegas. The food blows our mind. Breakfast is always perfect & they pour the BEST cup of coffee in the world. Dinner is incredible! We always enjoy our meals with lots of "Can you believe how good this is?" The owners are delightful & the waiters are the BEST! In fact we are going there again this weekend which will make this our 25th visit! Can't go wrong here! Best food and price in Vegas if not the world!!!!
4	In town for a convention, went here 2 years in a row.  The sliders, both times, were top-notch.  The strip steak with brandy-peppercorn sauce was my idea of perfect.  The added bonus of seeing all those exotic, once-in-a-lifetime cars just added to the ambiance.  The waiter was delightfully pushy on suggesting the Italian beer over the corona (hey, you in an Italian restaurant and order a Mexican beer?  what wrong with you?).Again, all was excellent as you'd expect from the Venetian and Palazzo.
4	My wife and I wanted to have a romantic dinner for two, so we chose Dal Toro because of it's extensive wine list (which looks more like a phonebook) and Italian theme. As someone who had previously worked in the restaurant industry for nearly 10 years, it can get tough for me not to look around and take mental notes as to what the staff could be doing. However, the staff here was top notch. Our server took time to explain the menu and made us feel quite comfortable. The food was excellent and the portions were just right. I was surprised how much seafood I received in my Linguene Allo Scogilo. While the restaurant itself is not super fancy, I will definitely be returning. It made our date night perfect.
1	After waiting about 45 minutes for our table that we had reservations for,  our table of 7 finally got seated.  Another 15 minutes before we get some water.  Notice I didn't say ice water because the water was warm.  Um, could we have some ice for our ice water please? Ok, finally.  "Would you care for some bread?"  Yes please.  Why do they bring 5 rolls when we have 7 people?  Wouldn't common sense tell you to bring 2 baskets?  The waitress comes by and asks if were ready to order.  We asked a few questions about the menu and she seemed irritated.  We finally get our food and the food was average at best.  Some of our party thought their entrees were ok but my $40 sea bass was nothing but $40 worth of mush.  To be fair, the prosciutto pizza was very good.  I don't understand how a great hotel like the palazzo can have such a poorly run restaurant on site.  That was our last night in Vegas and we were hoping for a special evening.  Save you money and go elsewhere.  JL
1	We came here around 11pm sunday night because of a lack of options. Should have ran in the other direction after seeing the poor yelp rating.Food: I ordered the New york strip steak w/ brandy peppercorn sauce ($33). The only other option was a bleu cheese topping. I didn't like how they didn't offer NY steak option without sauce or topping but I ended up ordering the sauce on the side. This was a good thing because the sauce was flavorless and I preferred not to use it. This was the WORST steak I've ever paid money for, except maybe that $14.99 T-Bone I drunkenly ordered at Denny's 6 years ago. I ordered the steak medium rare, it came out medium well. I sent it back (which I rarely do) and the next steak came out medium. It came with a side of "frittes" which were also bad--crunchy fried bits with no discernible potato. Halfway through the steak I had to ask for ketchup so I could finish my steak. That bad.My friends ordered Lasagna ($20, bad), Seafood Pasta (~$30, ok), Chilean Sea Bass ($40, decent). No one was really happy with their meal. We made sure to fill up on the bread w/ olive spread they provided.Service: Our waiter was awkward and soft spoken. He seemed nervous, maybe he was new? But we ended up being overly extroverted to be encouraging and make him feel more comfortable, (which is usually the servers job!) However, he wasn't at all rude which is usually my major gripe with service. Also, we ordered a calamari appetizer that never came. Ambience: This is what you're paying for. We were seated in a nice, dimly lit outdoor patio area. You can hear the sirens show at T.I. going on across the street although you can't really see what's going on. There is a Lamborghini and a couple of other cool cars in the gallery attached to the restaurant. Not enough of a gimmick to make up for the bad food. Bottom Line: I would have rather spent my $45 to drive the Lamborghini around the block once. Don't come here
2	Nice patio area. Right by the strip. The food was really...mediocre. Price to food quality ratio is a bad bet for the customers. The problem with restaurants on the LV strip is the high overhead costs. This means nice ambiance but sub par food and entrees. Unless you like wasting your money. This place is way too over priced. I'm not a fan.
3	I see all the negative press and don't get.  I had the eggs benedictine and it was out of this world.  Our server was phenomenal and very helpful.  Totally steered us in the right direction for our plans afterward and even helped us save some money.  I'd definitely go back.
4	Amongst the clutter and noise of Las Vegas there is a serene corner of lovely ambiance that is Dal Toro. To be honest I didnt know what to expect as I walked in. I knew very little of the place and much less about the menu. I was welcomed with open arms by the manager Pat, who painstakingly explained the menu and the nuances of the extrordianry meal I was about to have. I was given a wonderful seat at the patio that gave me not just a view of the strip but of my lovely date. i was blown away by the causal luxury of the meal. Delicious yet understated, the suggested wine pairing only accentauted the taste. The service was flawless, the food delicious and the experience magical. I could not have asked for more from an evening out.
4	Came here after my best friends wedding.  The service was great! ( for a group of 15 )  Food came out super fast , and it was YUMMY!!  Our drinks were always filled and the server was funny!
3	Food was good, service was bad.  Overpriced (par for the course for Vegas).We had their full multi-course dinner.  It ended up being a lot of food.  We were totally stuffed, and the food was quite good.The service was horrible.  Extremely slow.  Not attentative (water wasn't refilled).  Wanted all options for the meal including desert up front.  A little unusual to insist on the dessert choice in advance.  When the bill came, he included an 18% tip for himself on the bill even though there were only 2 of us.I'd give the food a 4 star rating.  Service a 1 star rating.  Rounding up generously.
4	Four of us ate here on Monday night and really enjoyed the food.  We had a caesar salad for a starter and it was your normal salad but it was really good.  For our entrees, I had the Shrimp Scampi and my husband had the lasagna.  He said his was fantastic- it was really dense and filling so don't let the smaller portion size fool you.  My scampi was wonderful and the shrimp was cooked to perfection.  My only negative about this restaurant was our waiter Georgio- one of our other dining companions is not a fan of vegetables, so she did not order a salad- the waiter pressured her to get one and she had to tell him 'No thanks' twice.  Then when he brought her husband's salad, he brought her an extra plate and told her 'to at least taste the salad and it will make me happy'.  At this point it was starting to get rude.  I realize he was trying to be nice but if a customer says no, then leave them alone and quit nagging them.
3	Really nice ambiance, but prepare yourself for smaller portions. Food was decent, though they seem woefully understaffed for how busy they are (expect service to be on the slow side).
1	Horrible service - sat down and it took us waiting 10 mins and me roaming around the restaurant to find anyone working - finally an uninterested waiter agreed to take our order.  Our food then came out in shifts and by the time it was all there and we could start - it was cold.  Do not waste your money - this place is obviously mismanaged.
2	Breakfast service on the patio is poor at best. Had to wait 10 minutes for server to greet us. Then she forgot water. Had to ask her 3 times. Food was ok. After waiting for server to pick up our bill. We had to go inside to pay. Also, server did not understand what we said in English.
3	It's a moderately priced restaurant inside the Palazzo. The service was good, the food was quick and tasted good. I would come here again for sure.
2	This restaurant is mediocre at best, and way over priced.  We were upsold on a "special" appetizer dish, which was essentially an antipasto.  We were assured there would be plenty of meat and veggie options.  There weren't -- instead, a few olives, lots of fried calamari, some cured meats... and a bill for $60.  Not worth it.Our meals -- bleh.  We hadn't eaten for 10 hours before we sat down for dinner, so we ate what we would normally send back. One of our meals was stone cold -- and it was a pasta in a rich sauce, which resembled congealed pudding.  It had to go back.  When it came back out, it wasn't much better, but the sauce was not congealed.For this meal for 3, including 2 drinks each, no dessert, and no salad, we paid $300.   It took forever to get drinks, and no one filled our water without asking.  The server was very friendly, but that didn't help make the meal less disappointing.I am giving them 2 stars instead of 1 because they graciously accommodated us when many other restaurants were closed.
4	Very nice place, with good food. My wife and I decided to break away from the group who was at the sports bar to get a nice, quiet lunch on a Sunday. We decided to go to Dal Toro because, well, it was right next to the sports bar and we were too hung over to walk any further.That said, we made the right decision. The food was good. Not the best Italian food I have ever had, obviously (nod to you grandma), but it was good. We sat outside, right on the strip in their sunken down patio. Really cool place to sit. Prices were what you would expect...a little high but nothing unmanageable. The ambiance was perfect for what we needed that day. I would eat there again, good place to take your ladyfriend.
1	We went for nye. What a mistake. Experience was a complete disaster. Our server was awful. Tried to charge us an extra 100 because he did not know the menu. I asked him a question to decide on my entree and he completely missed it, I wound up eating less than half of it.  Food was fair at best. The pasta was the saving grace. The mgrs were running around on damage control because there were so many errors at each table. Ruined our nye.
2	I didn't have a waiter the entire time that I was here. I kept dealing with the bus boy to get things done, and he barely spoke English. No one seemed to care about the customers, and everyone was busy chatting with each other to even give us a refill of water. I will never eat here again. That being said, the food was alright, but there are much, much better places to dine at. Don't give your money to this place.
1	Prior to heading down to the restaurant, I called to find out what time they closed. The lady who answered told me 10-10:30pm, depending on business (it was 8:45pm when I called). I drove directly to the Palazzo, parked, and was at the hostess station at 9:15pm asking for a table. I was informed that they had closed the restaurant for the night because business was slow. I told the hostess I had just called before coming down and was told they would still be open. She apologized and said there was nothing she could do for me and I was turned away. I ended up driving all the way there for no reason. To say the least, I was very annoyed! So, be advised. Sometimes this place closes early, even if you call and they tell you otherwise.
2	Before going, I thought the previous yelpers had silly and inconsistent reasons for the low rating and was hoping my experience would prove different, but sadly, must join everyone else in giving a sub-par review....When it comes down to it, what i care about for a restaurant is the FOOD and that's where Dal Toro goes wrong.  My group tried just about everything on the menu, and nothing was stellar despite the $25-40 price tags.  I ordered the linguine with seafood -- pasta was undercooked, seafood tasted "dead" and mushy (obviously not fresh stuff).  My boyfriend had their proscuitto pizza -- not terrible, but basically a $25 open face sandwich.I should note that despite earlier reviews, I found the service just fine.  We had several no shows in our large group of 15, and waited on several to slowly trickle in -- but no attitude from the staff.  Our waiter was decently attentive and joked with us often. The car showroom is a wee bit silly, but still a nice touch.Real problem is truly the food -- when you charge $25-40 a plate, i think it's fair to expect a certain standard : /
3	Good food, slow service, lacks awareness
1	Had breakfast here when my cousin was in town staying at the Palazzo.  Had the omelet with shrimp, avocado and salmon.  There were not a lot of people here and the service was adequate.  Everything was ok until a few hours later.  I felt cold and had the shivers.  I then realized I had a fever as well.  The salmon must have been bad and made me sick all night and the next day.  I think because they are not known for breakfast and because there was very few dinners for breakfast, the salmon in my omelet must have gone bad.  Don't think I would eat breakfast here again.
2	I'll keep it simple. With all the wonderful restaurants to go to in Vegas...you're not missing out if you skip over this place. We wanted a view of the pirate show across the street and the 1/2 price tickets attendents recommended this place....our first mistake...we should have read the reviews even though they recommended it. It was a thursday night dinner at 8 and the place was dead....waitress was rude...food was overpriced, bland, the 'asparagus alfredo' literally tasted like it was Ragu from a jar alfredo sauce (gross!) and the chicken in the pasta tasted like it was microwaved!!! I kid you not! This was our first dining experience in Vegas since we arrived that day and it really bummed us out. We were also told that it had a nice collection of cars in the restaurant...sorta true but they were in a glass room behind the bar area and seemed really out of place...decor was boring...remembering my experience there is putting me in a bad mood lol hope i saved someone elses money and time!
4	Great dinner and cocktails. My husband loved the veal chop and my pasta in brandy cream sauce was amazing and I don't know why there are so many bad reviews. Dining on the patio is a must.
4	This place rocks!Dinner and a show? Why yes that's possible! Opt to sit outside around the same time as Sirens and you won't regret it! Not only is the ambiance outside of Dal Toro fabulous, it also tends to get intimate towards the later evening hours!The night before my birthday, my fiancee and I found ourselves wondering as to where in the world could we eat a sit down meal, not have to wait in line, but also have a nice view of the vegas lights. After walking (literally) the entire inside of the Palazzo and Venetian, we went outside and gushed over Dal Toro. We were very guilty having wanting a table 15 minutes before closing, but what can you do? We shyly walked towards the hostess, and she gladly found us a table. We initially got a table inside, but seeing that it was pretty dark, we chose to sit outside instead. We sat right next to the little lit fountain/pool part. There was a great almost romantic feeling! And....What a meal! I had the tortellinis and they were YUMMM! Paired with a dirty martini, my night was set! Our server also didn't seem to mind that we were very late guests either. The best part was that we made it to see the Sirens of TI show! Awesome night! We bid farewell to our server and the rest of the staff that also greeted us a great evening! When I'm in Las Vegas again, I'll make it a point to stop by and enjoy a meal at Dal Toro again!
2	We came here with a 20% discount because we stayed at the Palazzo. I thought to myself, hey it's the Palazzo , it should be decent. My friends and I were quite disappointed to say the least. We ordered calamari and a house salad to share. The waiter did not bring us extra plates for a while. The calamari , though nice and hot, lacked in taste and texture. We also ordered 3 pasta dishes and a shrimp dish. The waiter knew we were sharing but didn't comment on the lack of size in the shrimp dish  and how it was "a mostly spaghetti dish". There were only 3 pieces of shrimp for a $20+ dish. Most of the pastas were small and definitely not for sharing. The waiter also forgot one of our pasta dishes so I had to reorder another dish, which did come rather quickly. All in all, I would not go back for the food.What i did think was nice was the patio was facing Treasure Island and at night you can see part of the performance.
2	I went with my parents who were staying in town and snagged 25% off their bill with their stay at the Palazzo.  Even with the 25% markdown, I still felt our dishes were overpriced and marginally average compared to other outlets at the Palazzo.
2	The outer decor suggests a place with some class.  Don't be fooled.  If you walk in, the feel is more of a chain restaurant than fine dining.We came here because we were looking for a reasonably priced steak.  Well, we got that, but it was also reasonably mediocre.  The spidey sense should go off when the steaks are all distinguished on the menu by the sauce going on top of them.My bolognese sauce was a bit oversalted, but otherwise, fine.Service was quite bad, but I wasn't expecting miracles.  Still worse than I thought, tho.  It took quite a lot of time to get refills and empty dishes cluttering our rather small table were not removed.The only good thing to say about this place is that it is reasonably priced compared to some other options.  But if I had spent this money on a buffet, I think I would have been happier.
5	I was there for just a few drinks and some apps. But when I got there it was so so nice I decided to stay for dinner and call my friends. We sat at the bar and had a cold peroni and started with a sampler plate with mozz and meats..wow then I had the salmon and my wife had the pasta amazing. The manager came and asked how our meal was and if we wanted to sit outside in patio instead of bar. He told us how great the view was and really recommended for such a nice night. Patrick was very helpful and very attentive. The male bartender can't remember his name but was very very nice and after we ate we sat back in the bar. I have to say from the hostess greeting us to the manager being so attentive. I will always recommend  this restaurant.
5	I remember when this place first opened a few years ago. I came here with friends to see our friend DJ and have a few drinks. I loved the atmosphere and decided to go back for dinner the food was delicious. I ordered the Spaghettini fra Diavola. The lobster was supberb it melted in my mouth. The brandi sauce had just the right amount of spice. I've also tried Filetto Roquefort the filet is juicy and was cooked to my liking (I am very picky about my steaks being medium rare.. many places make it to rare for me or not rare enough), again the spices were the perfect combination and with the potatoes and vegetables it was delicious. I paired this with a sweet white wine. The service has been great the few times I've been! The luxury cars were an added bonus ;) I only wish I could afford to buy one..haha.If you are looking for authentic Italian food, and a upscale atmosphere this is the place to go. I have been here a few times and plan to go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
2	Proof that being drunk and hungry does not automatically mean whatever you choose to eat will be delicious.We had been dayclubbing and then took our sweet girl time getting ready, so needless to say, we were losing our buzz and realizing that our bellies needed some cushion before we started to booze again (we're classy that way). We headed out of the hotel elevators and then the hunger REALLY hit. Wandering towards the exit, we realized that traveling elsewhere might result in eating our own arms off... and what was (unfortunately) located near the exit? Dal Toro.I do have to say, being seated outside on that warm evening was very enjoyable. Also, our server was very much on it. Our water glasses were always full and he made sure we had PLENTY of bread to start. The actual dishes, however, left a LOT to be desired (including more food afterward, as I didn't even eat a quarter of what I ordered). Seriously though, HOW do you mess up cappelini?? According to Dal Toro, by smothering it in what tasted like Prego. No garlicky goodness, no sweet hint of olive oil.... just tomato... no, tomato paste. NOT the business. My girlfriends split a pizza with crab and asparagus, Let me just say, holy sodium. I liked how thin the crust was, but between the crab and the salty cheese... needless to say, pizza went in a to-go box.The two start rating says it all... I have DEFINITELY experienced better.
4	I've been to Dal Toro several times and have had the opportunity to try breakfast, lunch and dinner over the course of my visits.The breakfast is quite solid, but not extraordinary. The breakfast menu is limited but covers most, if not all, bases. I've ordered the shrimp omelette more than once and it is huge (I cannot finish it). It is filled with salmon, shrimp and feta cheese (!) and comes with a nice slice of avocado on the side. This enormous plate of yum comes with potatoes and a slice of toasted brioche. Cappuccino is pricey (I think $4), but very good.For lunch, I've ordered the Fra Diavolo pizza from the "Specials" menu. I thoroughly enjoyed it; thin crust, loaded with Andouille sausage and other goodies. It is enough to share (or take leftovers to eat by yourself!) and reasonably priced for a strip restaurant!Most recently, I had the pleasure of experiencing a nice dinner at Dal Toro. This was the first time I've ever sat inside the restaurant - I normally love to dine on the patio, but it's just too hot for me now! I liked it; it was a nice atmosphere for an intimate dinner for two. I ordered a fettucini from the specials. I cannot recall the rather involved-sounding Italian name of the dish, but it was basically fettucini with cream sauce topped with mushrooms and chopped Italian sausage. It was delicious and I wish I had been able to finish it all! The portions are good-sized for a normal eater, I suppose. I've certainly never left there hungry, but YMMV. My husband ordered a salmon dish, served with string beans and roasted potatoes. I didn't try it, but he said it was excellent. It sure looked good. The bread (served with an olive oil pesto) was fresh and replenished as needed.Dal Toro has a pretty neat little menu of specialty cocktails. I always mean to try something new, but keep going back to that darn White Chocolate Raspberry Martini. Get one! Or three, whatever. Two usually does me just right! I believe all the drinks from the speciality bar menu were $12 per - yeah, that's a lot, but at least they'll give me Grey Goose in my WCRM.Finally, the desserts! They do a decent Tiramisu. Certainly not my favorite ever, but middle-of-the-road and a safe bet. I've also tried the Tartuffo ice cream and it was delicious.The bottom line - can get very pricey, but usually worth it. Dinner for two, using a 25% Facebook promo still set me back a Franklin. I think it's a pretty good representation of a typical "casual" strip spot, pricewise. I've only had good service and food here, so I would return (and have!). Check out the cars and retail shop while you are there!
1	Went here last night. Will NOT be returning... My pasta tasted like it had old sauce on it :( had to send it back. The only good thing was the Lasagna and my poor boyfriend had to split it with me because I wasn't going to order more food... For the prices their charging I had much higher expectations :(
2	Not a bad location within the Venetian/Palazzo Hotel, but that's pretty much it. Wasn't a fan of the overpriced food and the OK eating experience. There are better locations to dine IMO.
2	Food is very, very average and overpriced. Service is just awful. The hostess appeared to be in her pajamas and our server was outright rude.
2	The reviews were pretty accurate. Go somewhere else unless you want the view of treasure island show and strip from outside patio (pretty fun). Had a $15 dollar cosmo that was served 1/2 full. They never cleaned dirty plates off after appetizers, didn't offer any cracked pepper, never checked back once food delivered.  The food was average.
5	This place is so chill. Nice ambiance. A couple tv's to watch the game. Food is delicious, no idea why it's 3 stars... and service is sooo great. will def come back in the future.
2	Oh man. I love Italian food, I really do, but this experience was just not satisfying at all. My friend and I were one of the three tables dining at 8 pm on a Thursday night. Hmm. Anyways, our server was nice. He went over the menu, explaining the different dishes and which were his favorites, which was much appreciated. I ordered the Tortiglioni Rustici which has bacon, mushrooms, and chicken in some sort of creamy sauce. First bite, hmmm. Second bite, okay it tastes just...plain. Third bite, okay yeah, no. The contents of the dish tasted good altogether, but the sauce really tasted like it came out of a can. I NEVER say that about Italian food at a restaurant, but it really tasted like canned sauce. I left hungry still, wanting different pasta. There was a car showroom in a different section of the room, and I really wish I could have seen it! I thought that was really cool. Overall, good service and decor but bland food. I should have known from when I walked in. Sorry :(
4	Don't let the 2 1/2 stars fool you! Very good Italian food at reasonable (for Vegas) prices.
5	You know what guys - let's be honest we all like those toys. We asked for a tour of the showroom. The waiter referred us to the owner who took us downstairs and got us into every million dollar car he had there. He turned on those jumping hot rods too. Nicest guy ever! The waiters were so good - they created this nice "sneaky" atmosphere around getting us down to the secret showroom - typical Italian way! After that when we actually got to the dining part, we had to chase them to order desserts as they were nowhere to be found. Did I taste a better food? Yes, I did. So what - they are still getting five stars! Even my wife got a picture of her Jimmy Choos kicking the Ferrari rims.
4	We attended a reception here n one of the private downstairs rooms. The space seemed to easily hold 60-75 and we were a relatively small group. Del Toro brought plenty of appetizers and there was an open bar.Service is excellent and the ambiance is a bit dark, though elegant. Upstairs, there fine dining and a great bar. We did watch a bit of NBA in the bar and their service was also really good.
2	We came here on a coupon of 20% off at Dal Toro.  Never tried this restaurant before and decided to give it a try.  It's Italian and we ordered all pasta dishes:Seafood pasta dish - goodMushroom ravioli - very goodBaked lasagna - good and meatyLinguini with chicken - it was OKWait service - a little too smart alecky for usWheelchair access - a little difficult to get to the actual restaurant - we had to cut through an existing party in their private room!  Weird.
3	Breakfast review! Came here on a 90+ degree day for some bfast. It's the perfect spot for a meal in the shade of the Vegas sun. The morning menu is tight, but covers all the bases from pancakes to smoked salmon sammies. Service was good and the view is pretty awesome (I like watching peeps on the strip), but the food was average. I rocked a vegetarian omelet (asparagus,mushrooms,zucchini,tomatoes and broccoli served with potatoes) and my friend ordered the eggs benny. Standard egg dishes. Not bad, not great, but A-OK . Two egg dishes, coffee and tea = $50. Bleh.
4	4 of us enjoyed the dining and atmosphere of Dal Toro Ristorante. I must admit, I enjoyed it more because of the 25% off coupon that we purchased for $3(Yes, we purchased a coupon!?) at the Tix 4 Tonight ticket booth. The service was excellent with our waiter being a fun young Brazilian gentleman who laughed and loved life. The restaurant was clean, and well set up for a bistro. The food was flavourful and the servings were great! My wife couldn't finish hers. The wines were pricey as hell though... We had the option of sitting on the patio facing the strip but the weather was not co operating as a monsoon was blowing through(Yes. A monsoon). The restaurant was a little bit hard to find. I would recommend it, but check for the discount coupon while you are enjoying the strip!
4	Love that they have a gluten free menu. The gluten free pasta was so good I asked to confirm that it was gluten free. My husband had the lobster ravioli, he said it was pretty good, but he would try something different next time. The very best part was the dessert Tartuffo gelato. AMAZING! Really you've got to try the dessert if nothing else. It's gluten free although not listed on the gluten free menu. The location isn't great, the prices are high for what you get, but it's on the strip and has a gluten free menu so when that's where we're at it's nice to have a yummy choice with an amazing dessert.
5	I had the NY Steak Al Pepe Verde (Brandy Peppercorn sauce) which was good!  Sarah was very helpful and attentive. The Exotic Car Showroom is really cool too!
5	Wow!  What an experience!  My husband and I went to dinner the other night at Dal Toro!  The food was AMAZING!  The crab cakes we started with were TO DIE FOR! I do loads of seafood, and this crab cake hands down was one of the Best I have ever had!  We both orderd the Surf and Turf for dinner, and I couldn't get enough!  The cocktails were Perfect!  We had the perfect seat inside, it was a bit warm outside.  But we were facing the strip and loved every bit of it!  Thank you Dal Toro!  Can't wait to get back!
1	OKWe went there on a Groupon after taking the kid to the strip and playing tourist.I know when a server see's 4 kids and 2 adults in their section they sometimes aren't so happy.But the service was HORRIBLE. We waited a long time to order, we watched her take care of a table next to us and pretty much ignored us. The food wasn't that good either. It takes a lot for me to complain and I hit my limit. We talked to a manager and she either was overwhelmed with complaints or just didn't care. Either way her immediate response was to take 20% off the bill. I always leave a tip but this experience was so bad, for the first time, I didn't leave a penny.Its a shame, the patio is really cool and the location isn't too bad although its a little confusing going through the casino.It seems like the restaurant is an afterthought. Their other business is the exotic car business which is adjacent to the restaurant. You can rent a Ferrari for an hourDo yourself a favor and skip this place even if they have a great Groupon deal.
4	We ate here with a 25% off voucher from Tix4Tonight.  We were very pleased.  We had a total of 5 items (Minestrone Soup, Risotto, Salmon/Philadelphia Pizza, Caprese salad, Mozzarella/Prosciutto.  We also each had a specialty drink.The drinks were decent, enjoyed them, but not something we will seek out.The food, for the price in a very nice restaurant we were very happy with.  With all the food we ordered, minus the 25%, was less than $100 (before tax/tip).The cheeses were phenomenal, and the Salmon/Philadelphia cheese pizza was fantastic.The service here was very solid as well.  After eating there you also get to check out their car "museum" which had some fancy Ferrari, Lamborghini, and Rolls Royce cars.We would eat here again if it was convenient (we chose it because it was close to the show we were seeing), nut it is not a must-do eat again and would probably like to try other places we have not eaten instead.
4	I was a little skeptical because of other reviews on here but I really liked dal toro. We used the groupon and it was a really good deal. The restaurant itself is super clean and has nice decoration. The patio is also pretty and that is where we ate on a saturday night around 9:00 pm. You also get a good view of the pirate show across the street. I really liked the sinks in the bathroom.Our server was pretty good. I've had faster before being greeted and given the check, but the food came out quickly and we both liked our dishes. Would go back again!
2	We went here on a Monday at 10:30am and there were only a handful of people there. Service was prompt. We ordered the special. $9.99 for 2 eggs,bacon or sausage, potatoes , 2 silver dollar pancakes and a piece of toast. I ordered bacon with mine and am told they are out of bacon. Sausage it is. I was also given the option of sliced turkey. The food did come pretty quick and most all of it was cold. The potatoes clearly had been sitting around awhile. Just no warmth at all there. The pancakes were good just not hot enough. We did not spring for the $4.50 cup of coffee. With the other poor reviews on this place you would think they would be on top of their game.
4	It was nice.  Not sure why the Yelp community hates it so much.  Waiter was good, food was good, price was reasonable. Nothing was "the best I've ever had" and nothing was in any way objectionable.
2	Nothing special, nothing awful.The outside patio was great, except for the horrible show going on across the street at Treasure Island.Food was decent. Larger portions than expected and what seems to be less than average Vegas prices.Service was very good, we were seated quickly. Order was taken and food/drinks brought out quicker than expected.Would I return ? Probably not, but I don't totally regret the $35 for lasagna and a glass of prosecco.
4	Let me preface my review by stating that my rating is solely based on their breakfast here.I absolutely LOVED it! So much so, that we came here almost every single day.  We were staying at The Palazzo and were looking for a place to eat breakfast that offered more than just pastries, but for less than $30 per person.We were super excited to find Dal Toro, which offers a fairly reasonable breakfast menu.  My favorite was the breakfast special for $9.99.  Sit on the patio - it's some great people watching.  From the early morning tourists to the people that look like they're still up from the night before.  It's nice an cozy and there's a little fountain area surrounding the patio where ducks like to take their morning bath :)The coffee here is nice and strong... just what you need after a long night in Vegas!I would definitely come here again.
1	We came in to watch the Sunday Football games.  There was limited seating so we found a small bar table at the edge of the restaurant.  We noticed a party of 2 was leaving and asked our waitress if we could have that seat.   She said she had to check to see if it was reserved.  She came back and told us it was reserved.  In the meantime, a party of 4 came in and looked around the restaurant.  Saw the table open and sat down.  When we confronted our waitress, all she said was "sorry".  She didn't do anything and gave us attitude.  My husband went over and spoke with Tony Schwenn the manager.  He went over to the waitress to reprimand her in front of everyone and then walked away. He was equally as rude and didn't do anything to help.  This restaurant is exactly what you would see on the show "Restaurant Impossible"  The end result would be both Tony and the waitress would be fired!  We complained to the hotel manager and he said this was privately owned.
2	We sat down on a Friday night and expected this place to be busy. Surprisingly, it was pretty empty. We were seated outside right away and ordered from a pre-set meal menu. Each of us got something different: Salmon and Lasagna, Tiramisu and Cream Puff. Everything was extremely average. There wasn't anything to wow over and absolutely nothing to report as good or bad. However, for the price and considering it's a bit out of the way to get to, you can do better with your money. The outside seating was nice and looks out to Treasure Island. The food took a longer time than average to come out, but it wasn't a big deal either. I would come here for a few drinks and sit outside but the Venetian has many other options for food thats just so much better.  And just an FYI, this place seems to be somewhat suffering from business so there may be deals for this place online/through the casino, etc. 2.5 Star Rating
4	I was a little skeptical because of other reviews on here but I really liked Dal Toro. We used a Group-on and it was a great deal. The restaurant itself is super clean and nicely decorate. The patio is awesome, we had dinner on the patio Saturday night. I went with my two sister and we had the meatball appetizers which where delicious. The bread with olive oil dip was so so good. The minestrone soup was pretty good. We shared the Ravioli D'Aragosta which were good. The Salmone Alla Griglia was Fantastic. Service was awesome.. I would go back again!
2	Underwhelming. It's not expensive, considering it's at the Palazzo, and there's nice patio seating. However, the food is so-so. I had a vegetarian omelet that was acceptable, but nothing to write home about.Service was pretty sub-par. Took forever to bring menus, refill waters, take orders, etc. It's the kind of place that you go to because it's convenient and not too expensive. Don't expect to be wowed or anything.
2	Below average chain restaurant food. Came here on a Groupon, didn't have high expectations after reading the reviews, which are spot on.  We started out with the calamari that was average, nothing special and then we shared Prosciutto e Tarufo pizza, this pizza was probably one of the worst pizzas I've had. I never let a pizza slice go uneaten, but in this case, we let almost the entire pizza go uneaten. The prosciutto tasted old and the combo of mushrooms and the truffle oil, they were both fighting to take the title of strong flavor. The drink menu was less than desirable as well. I tried the mojito on the recommendation of of our server, it was way too artificial tasting.In the end, this was way overpriced and underwhelming food. Only thing this place has going for them is their outside patio that faces LV Blvd. If you do still decide to go after all of these glowing reviews, park in the underground garage or the valet off of LV Blvd. It's located under Lavo.
3	I went to Dal Toro for lunch while attending a conference at the Venetian.  They had $15 lunch specials, so I ordered a grilled chicken salad off of there (not really a special, but I was trying to keep it healthy while away from home).  They gave me some bread to start and a pesto with anchovies which was pretty good.  The salad itself was okay- nothing special.  I also ordered an iced tea which was 4.50- but that seems to be common in LV.  The best part was being able to sit on the patio and look out on the strip.  The fountains were nice and relaxing to look at as well.  This was an okay lunch spot that served its purpose, but I'm sure there are much better ones on the strip that I've yet to try.
4	My sister purchased the group on and after seeing the reviews I was skeptical of eatting here but since she had already bought it, we went. It must be what I ordered but this place was delicious and the service was great. I ordered the minestrone soup, meatball appetizer, Ceasar salad and for the main course the salmon and shrimp plate. The sauce was very flavorful and yummy! The bread and dipping sauce was also great we even asked for a second serving. We all liked it and I was not disappointed at all.
2	Was not impressed by this place. Overpriced for the quality of their food, mediocre. I ordered the Ravioli D'Aragosta, it was ok, it was way too hot when served and was not warned by the server, pasta and sauce were nothing extravagant. Macaroni Grill's Lobster Ravioli tastes better. My husband ordered the NY steak Roquefort; it was properly cooked, but it was nothing special; served with steak frites, these just reminded me of a childhood snack Picnik (crispy mini potato fries) that I used to eat when I was little, doesn't really fit in a gourmet plate, but they include it in all their steak dishes. Overall it was just ok. Nothing gourmet or special about the food. Probably not worth the trip
4	We ate here using a Groupon.  Our primary interest was to view the car collection, which was awesome.  However, I was also impressed with the food.  I requested fettucini Alfredo with chicken although it was not on the menu and to my surprise the staff was willing to accommodate and it was very good!  We had a great time here.
3	Great location and atmosphere, service was a little peasty, I guess the staff did not have much to do since we we where the only ones in the restaurant for a 12 noon lunch.  Food was a little pricy and just OK.  They were out of the veal chop that I wanted to order.  I would go again but only on a deal.
4	Went on Sunday for dinner and used a Groupon.  We were seated promptly, had terrific service from the time we went in to the time we left.  The starter was ostrich carpaccio.. something we had never had and was surprisingly good.. of course we had their terrific bread and then more terrific bread.  We ordered the ravioli with shrimp and lobster, There was an sufficient amount of the seafood.. not skimpy at all. We also ordered the lasagna that was a chef creation with hard boiled eggs.. and it was quite tasty.. although you could see the eggs didn't taste eggy at all.  There was an abundance of meat sauce that was so good. For dessert tiramisu..nothing special but was tasty.The meal was wonderful .. and our server.. wow what can I say..  he was outstanding. We never had to wait for anything. He was friendly and so very nice.  Wish all servers were as great as he was.  Would we go back ? Absolutely !!!!
4	Went on a monday.. It was dead.. No one was there.. We got the lobster and shrimp ravioli and the ny steak with blue cheese sauce.. Both were very good.. Pasta was homemade and fresh so that added a definite plus... I would recommend to go if the group on special is still available.they have a great seating Area inside and out... Its in the palazzo so you can just walk into the hotel after your meal and gamble
2	We came here with the Groupon deal we purchased. I was disappointed with the atmosphere considering it's located in the Palazzo... I didn't really like that they had top 40 playing in an "Italian restaurant".It took at least 10 minutes to be greeted after we were seated even though our waiter was standing around chatting when he saw we had arrived. We ordered the crab cake appetizer which was delicious and presented beautifully. Slightly overpriced for the portion we received (twenty dollars for two very small cakes). We also ordered the sausage pizza which was mediocre at best. Overall, I would skip this place until the management decides to spend more time training the wait staff and improving the quality of food.
1	Good food but overpriced.  Paid $55 for two small portions. Service was horrible. After waiting ten minutes for a server,  the waiter did not even say hello when he finally arrived.  We only saw him again when he delivered the check. Not the wonderful Vegas dinner I had hoped.
1	We made a reservation for indoors, and when we arrived they made us sit outside- where it was freezing. The hostess said we would have to wait for 15-30 minutes if we wanted to sit indoors (there was no one inside)! The food was disappointing and overpriced. Really a poor restaurant for being in the beautiful Palazzo.
1	Came here during CES with few friends, the reservation was made for indoors, and when we arrived they asked us to sit outside (freezing). The hostess said we would have to wait for 15 minutes if we wanted to sit indoors, we decided to wait but after 25 min and a very RUDE attitude we gave up and left.STAY AWAY....
1	Their car museum is a rip-off.  I can't believe they charge admission. They only have 4 motorcycles and 12 cars. No info is displayed. They are parked close together and roped off so you can only see the front end. You can see so much more just standing on the strip for a few minutes. It's also dark and deserted in there; very depressing. Sure wish I could get my money back.
1	We sat with menus for breakfast and lunch...  Everyone decided on breakfast and when the rude waiter came to us he said we couldNot get breakfast because it ended three minutes ago!  The kitchen was filled with breakfast when I walked past it coming to my table...  I mean why give us a damn breakfast menu?!?!  Idiots!!  I'm not coming back here again...  Idiots!  If I want pancakes at 2pm give me pancakes!  How f*#%^ hard is that to do for any kitchen?!
3	I think the food is good here, but it's just SO overpriced for what you get (like most of the strip). Ordered a soup (over $10) with a basic, but overpriced, spaghetti with meat sauce. I was full, I was satisfied, and my company paid for it. Would I eat here on my own dime? Certainly not!
2	The services was slow......But his runner did lot of the runners but after our waiter take our bill, he never came back to see is we anything more.The steak was over cook, nor favorite and was a tough meat. We were celebrating our 11yrs wedding anniversary. No one wish us or make it special on our special event.
4	Food was very good.  Had a party of 5 and we all ordered something different.  I had the basic Fettuccini and was please. Everyone was pleased.  We sat outside and had a good view of the crowd walking by and the Treasure Island  show.  This place is a bit of hidden gem.  Kind of off the beaten path in the Palazzo, but worth asking for directions.
1	Let's start with that this is a Las Vegas restaurant. That comes with certain expectations. You are a Las Vegas restaurant in the Palazzo. That comes with higher expectations. We stopped in for breakfast because it had nice outdoor seating. We noticed a few tables full of business people and waited to be sat. Waitresses and other employees walked past us with out saying anything. We walked inside to find a hostess looking person. We saw her rushing around fill water glasses. She streaked past us without a word. We followed her outside and she very rudely told us that it would be a wait. I simply asked if she meant to have a seat at one of the many empty tables outside. Yes inside was packed, but again a Vegas restaurant. The waitress came quickly but told us that there were no coffee cups. WHAT!!! You are a restaurant that is attached to a hotel that has a convention center!  Be prepared. Everyone working there was acting like they had never seen a rush before. Again, you are a Las Vegas restaurant!  Their whole staff needed to be fired and hire people that know how to serve. This coming from a server. We left and went next door to the Wynn. Eons better in food, staff and atmosphere.
3	While staying at the Venetian we decided to try this restaurant. Food was great but service was poor. Our waiter didn't speak English so we had to point to our menu items. Every time we said anything he would answer with "your welcome". Can I have some olives he would reply your welcome. Without getting us any.....Table next to us was just as annoyed with him. One waiter who was in training was so helpful I wanted him to wait on us. He was very attentive and friendly. He will make a great waiter! Sorry I didn't get his name but he was the handsome black man!
3	Been here twice, once for a wedding dinner and a bachelorette dinner and I think it's ok. Nothing special or great just a regular spot to have dinner.
2	"Plenty of Space"*Disclaimer: My father made the reservations for this place without telling me.I liked the layout of Dal Toro. Plenty of space with tables not obnoxiously piled atop one another like Vegas tract housing. We sat near the window in an L-shaped booth which overlooked spacious outdoor seating along The Strip. A mini-bar was out there too with a trio of gals sipping girly drinks, waiting for people to notice them before they went back to their room at Days Inn.After we were seated we went down into the basement.The BASEMENT???Just freaked your ass out, didn't I?But it's true. And down there they have a nice collection of high priced automobiles on display. Some Ferraris, Benzes, Porsches and muscle cars. A couple of Bentleys and a few other shitwagons. A nice little side trip before dinner.Back upstairs we looked over the menu. Dad and I had a carafe of pinot grigio while mom stole sips from our glasses and repeated for the umpteenth time that she doesn't drink. Mom!Our server was cool, complete with dry humor and paisano look. We ordered a Kobe beef appetizer and were disappointed. There was nothing much to it. A few pieces of paper thin red mush buried beneath some greens. We argued about who was going to eat the last piece not because we each wanted it, but because none of us wanted it. For the record, I washed it down with bread and wine.On to the entrees. Mom and I went with shrimp and lobster ravioli, Dad decided on some fish called Baramundi. Sounded like some Italian dictator from the old days to me but what the hell.The verdict? Could barely see the lobster let alone taste it, and the shrimp were low in number. Six rather flat ravioli to a plate and I ate one of my mother's. The sauce was okay but very little bang for the buck with this entree. My dad liked his fish but he always says he likes his meal when he picks the restaurant.My parents split some sort of chocolate round thing for dessert while I devoted my efforts to draining the carafe. Unfortunately, I was not born with a sweet tooth. I, my friends, have been cursed with the dreaded alcohol tooth.So there you have it. Our evening at Dal Toro. If you like space and aren't too hungry you might give it a try. Then again, maybe you shouldn't....
3	Great view of the strip from the patio. Mediocre food. Really nice staff. Not crowded for a reason- a restaurant with strip view and reasonable prices.
2	Middle of the road food, good service.The quality of the food was about the same as one of those chain Italian restaurants you find on an outer drive outside a shopping mall.  The service was good, like it ought to be on the Las Vegas Strip.Not bad.Not great.Not a good value.I would return.
5	Great quiet romantic atmosphere outdoors. Ravioli D'Aogosta was great, probably one if the best dishes I've had. Sauce so good I mopped it up with the free bread, and a nice amount of crab/lobster meat came with the dish. Great time here!
4	We tried Dal Torro prior to Rock of Ages at the Venetian. I'll admit we only went there because we had a groupon and figured, why not? After reading the yelp reviews before our dinner I was expecting the worst. However, I was pleasantly surprised both by the quality of the food and the wonderful service we received. I had the special pasta of the day the spaghetti carbonara and my boyfriend had the salmon. The carbonara was spot on as was my boyfriends salmon. I would recommend stopping in for a nice quiet dinner.
2	Located in the Palazzo Hotel, I thought this restaurant would be really good.  WRONG... I decided to try out this place out since we would be able to sit on the patio area overlooking the Las Vegas Strip.  When we walked in no one was there to greet us however the manager or host on duty seemed to be speaking to a server.  No hi or I'll be right with you.  Okay, that's fine-we waited patiently until they figured out what was going on.  When we were finally seated, we asked the host (who was dressed in shorts) if we could sit on an empty table closer to the strip and she said NO because the server has a lot of tables and asked not to sit anyone in her section.  Okay- not enjoying my experience so far.  After about 5 minutes, someone sat on that very table we wanted.  WOW!  Okay... At this point I was a little upset but I continued to order my food. I had the New York Steak with eggs.  I asked for my eggs to be cooked extra well done, burn, hard and smash it.  The server looked at me and said okay.  So perfect, she got the point.  When I got my food the steak was really good and tasty.  My eggs however  was not cooked at all as I asked.  Instead, it was runny and wet.  Not to my liking at all.  Overall, not a place I'd recommend to anyone.  Service was not up to par and they seemed unorganized for some reason.
5	Went for dinner with my love. We were seated right away on the outside terrace next to the fountain. We ordered a bottle of wine and some appetizers which were all delicious. Our server was kind and helpful and very attentive without intruding our conversation. He was always pouring us wine and water. I ordered the capellini al pomodoro which was delicious. He ordered the branzino. We ended up having another bottle of wine as well and enjoying the evening. The manager Marco was absolutely amazing! His Italian accent and demeanor make you feel as if you're in Italy. Really nice guy. He made us feel welcomed and he made sure we were enjoying our Dal Toro experience.
1	DO NOT EAT AT DAL TORO AT THE PALAZZO - YOU WILL REGRET IT!I have eaten at this resturaunt before and had a decent experience so I decided to bring a group of family on our recent vacation. My party and I walked the entire strip (from Mandalay Bay) to the Palazzo in an extreme rush to make our reservation - when we noticed we would be there about 5-10 minutes late we called and we're told it would not be a problem. When we arrived at Dal Toro the hostess told us that they decided to close because the resturaunt was extremely slow that night. We barely got an apology and the hostess did not sympathize with our situation. A simple phone call letting us know they had to cancel would have been MORE than enough - and the fact that this establishment clearly did not care about their customers is absolutely disgusting. There were also still people eating there dinner while we were turned away. EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL. We were all starving and exhausted and dal toro did nothing but ruin our night. There are tons of other resturaunts in las vegas that respect their customers - I would suggest trying one of those rather than dal toro.
1	This is the worst Italian restaurant!!! I went here for lunch with my family because my daughter wanted lasagna.  The lasagna was salty, dried with burnt cheese on the side.  And who makes lasagna with no ricotta cheese, that is just wrong.  When they brought out the lasagna my daughter refused to eat it.  My husband ordered the prosciutto pizza, their was no prosciutto it was ham.  How can you put prosciutto on the menu and served ham.  This was also way too salty.Do not come here people!
2	This restaurant is not very good. Got the lasagne and it was one of the worst I have tasted. Had eggs inside and the meat felt processed
1	Can this place really be part of palazzo?? Got suckered into coming here thinking we had a discount from tickets 4 less. I came in with an open mind, despite seeing all the negative reviews. we were seated right away given the restaurant was completely empty on a Saturday evening during dinner time (730). I ended up getting a gluten free penne dish which turned out to be plain pesto for $24. The pasta was mediocre, comparable to pasta pomodoro even pasta roni. What pissed me off is when they came by with the packaged parmesian, our waiter made a comment to the server: "not too much parmesian!..that's expensive stuff!.....just kidding guys heheheh bon appetite". Really?  Packaged shit is too expensive?  To joke about it?  Will never come back.
2	Very disappointing....the bellman said this place was good...."everything you want for $10"...ok...sounds ok....we headed down there and they had a $9.99 breakfast....2 pancakes, 2 eggs, bacon and toast....no coffee......Coffee was an additional $4.50!  Whaaat?  How can you serve breakfast without coffee!!!We ordered the breakfast and as soon as it came, this big bird swooped in and picked up my husband's pancakes!...Yuuuk!  it dropped the pancakes on the table, but we surely weren't gonna eat that!  Flagged down a waiter and they replaced his meal.My meal was untouched by the bird, but I noticed that the bacon was burnt (I did order it crispy) and it looked like they just burnt it....the tomato slice on the plate for garnish was over ripe....all in all...not impressed at at....
2	Prices are OK, service is not up to par. I think this is why it was empty during lunch in a very crowded location.
2	Oh Dal Toro you really let me down! Went to Dal Toro with the family for my mothers birthday dinner, it sounded like a cool place with all of the high end cars to look at and we all love a good Italian restaurant. We were seated in a private room, off to the right once you walk in, it seemed cool until we realized they would forget about us constantly. We bought a Groupon for this place ($90 for $200) which is the only reason this place got 2 stars from me, only one time we had our water refilled, two of our orders wrong and we were neglected the entire time there. I ordered a very simple dish, Fettucini Alfredo w/chicken and shrimp, my sister ordered a steak well done. I got my Fettucini with no chicken on it and my sister got her steak much later than the rest of us and it was medium almost medium rare. I told him I didn't get the chicken he said the cook must've over looked it. A few minutes later I got the chicken when I was almost done with my pasta and it tasted like it had been left out for days, disgusting! I told him right away and asked him to just remove it from the table and from the bill, he gave me this look of confusion and irritation. The manager took my sisters steak and said, "Oh this is terrible, this isn't well done at all. We'll get a new one out for you asap." Yea, they just threw the same steak on the grill and brought it back to her, with a disaster presentation. She had a few bites and it wasn't good at all so she just left it and they didn't care.Finally the bill came, my chicken was still on the bill, so I decided to take it to the manager I was done dealing with a server that was in lala land. The manager took him the bill and asked him to remove the chicken and bring us a new bill. The server that was so polite when we first sat down was no longer polite but very rude and irate. The bad part of all this because we were 6 people his gratuity was already included at 20%, with terrible service and an attitude like that he didn't deserve 2%! This place doesn't care about the satisfaction of their customers and doesn't take pride in their food.
4	We bought a groupon to Dal Toro and we were not disappointed. I'm not sure why so many reviews are extremely negative. The house salad and salad with goat cheese were both very good. I split a crab and asparagus pizza and it was very much like the great pizza we get on the east coast! Other members of my party were very happy with their pasta dishes. We finished the night with 2 desserts which were delicious! Our waiter was extremely attentive and friendly. He was from Italy and gave great recommendations. I did not give 5 stars because the quality of food is not worth the price. This is Vegas, so of course everything is inflated, but still....angel hair pasta with sauce for $22? Seems a little too much. Overall a good decent Italian place on the strip!
2	This place was not worth the price. The only reason it gets two stars is because the food was decent and the patio area is nice. They also have a groupon which is a plus. We went on a Saturday night at 9pm. We walked in the door and there was no hostess to greet us. We stood around until we finally got someone's attention. Once we were seated we got our water glasses filled quickly but did not see a server for 15 minutes for even a drink order. I found this to be odd as the place was not busy at all. Once the server finally came over we ordered drinks and an appetizer. The calamari. The appetizer came out before 2 beers and 2 glasses of wine. The calamari was fried but very soggy. When served the appetizer, we ordered entrees. We were forced to order something every time the server came over, being  that we barely saw the guy. We all ate and we were satisfied with our food. We paid the bill and I left a tip based on the service I received. We left the restaurant and the server ran after me (outside of the restaurant) and asked me to leave him a bigger tip. I was appalled. Don't go here. Not even worth the groupon. Service sucks.
1	I had a groupon and the bill came out more than the groupon. Also the server received $70 for the bill in cash and the rest on card and the waiter pocketed $20 and charged me for it. This place isn't that good and is very expensive for poor service. Trust me it isn't a good place to eat and enjoy.
5	Gotta be  honest - I don't understand the negative reviews! My husband and I came for dinner and had an amazing evening. The service was outstanding, possibly made better by our charming Italian waiter Gianmarc. We started with a beautifulAmarone wine. The crusty Italian bread was served with a garlicky dipping oil, and I could have made a meal out of just that. My husband had the Spaghetti fra Diavlo, featuring a whole Maine lobster. Lots of juicy lobster, and a tasty sauce with baby shrimp and tomatoes. I had the Scampi, with an amazing tomato cream sauce. Five nice sized shrimp and a generous portion of spaghetti. Omg - so good I practically licked the plate clean! Best of all was the attentive service. After dinner we strolled through the car museum, which was pretty cool. Overall, a great evening. We'll definitely be back!
2	Meh.The food was okay. Nothing bad, nothing great. Someone sent me a Groupon for the place so I went. However, upon arrival I was seated next to a very obviously homeless man who kept staring at me. And I mean RIGHT NEXT TO HIM. The restaurant wasn't busy at all so I don't know why they sat my friend and I right next to him.He stunk to high heavens and would NOT stop staring at my friend and I; to the point that the manager came over and told him if he didn't stop bothering my us, he would have to leave. Which was sort of nice but I didn't understand why he was in the restaurant in the first place. Turns out, he was absolutely homeless because after finishing his soup he ran out of the restaurant without paying. After that everything was in a shambles. The entire staff was worried about running after this man who had skipped out on paying (including my server) so I sat around waiting for the side of marinara I had requested 15 minutes prior. My calamari was cold by the time I received my side of marinara sauce. Plus the restaurant is basically part of the Corvette store which I thought was weird. Why would an Italian restaurant be attached to an American car store? Or any car store for that matter?It's safe to say I would not come here again.
1	Well I just got a groupon to check out the car museum and figured it would be a great way to celebrate the bday of my father in law.  Making reservations on line or over the phone is a nightmare.  I was asking for info on the price to test drive an exotic car. Thought the old man would enjoy the full end-to-end experience.  You can't get to anyone on the phone and they have a "chat" session that is absolutely useless! Here is the extent of the chat convo:I have a family pack museum voucher from groupon and I can't book online. I would like to have the museum tour before dinner and also inquire about the test drive.  Takes forever to respond and doesn't give you any answers.  I'm not wasting time on this place! Before I go, I'm glad there is YELP! Sept 22Personal Concierge-MM: You can go directly to the museum with your voucherOkay so we are a total of 7 ppl. I have 2 groupon family 4 packswe don't need an apt.?just show up with the groupon voucherI'm thinking 5:20pm on sept 22. Also how much to add a driving experience?Personal Concierge-MM: No appointment neededokwhat about the test drive?Personal Concierge-MM: They will provide all pricing when you arrivethat sucks so you don't know what the cost is until you get there?worst telephone service and website everand this chat is not that much bettertime to go to Yelp! worst experience everPersonal Concierge-MM: Thank you and have a great day
5	Exotic Cars and traditional Italian Cuisine packaged together!Need a spot for a private event?Seriously, Owner Lorenzo knows how to put it together!
4	Ambience 5 stars, service 4! Food 5! It was a Wednesday night, so it was kinda slow! Not sure how they handle it when they are busy! They took pretty good care of us! The Caesar salad was awesome, so was my pizza! Prosciutto and arugula! No free refills on soda is lame, for $4 bucks they could at least give you free refills! If there is just two of you, you could easily split a pizza and some salads and be well fed! The pizza was way bigger than I expected! But that atmosphere was awesome, and I'd go back for sure! Tiramisu was just ok, I've had better!
2	Sitting outside view is Amazing! Services are Great!  But our 2 Steaks were over cooked and dry!  The Rivioli was good.  Great place to just hangout and enjoy the stripe view.
5	Dal Toro its one of my favorite places in Vegas.  The location and the authentic food are excellent. Ask the waiter for the special of the day and try the best burrata ever.  Abel and Daniele in the kitchen are great and make sure to have Luca o Moretti as a waiter.
5	Ferrari Drive Review - Heard about this thru Groupon, $99 for about a 10 min drive right off the strip. 2007 Ferrari F430 Spider (roadster/convertible), paddle shifters, mid engine V8 puts out about 480hp. Experience took about 30 mins start to finish (instructor taking car from Palazzo to driving route, driving instructions, own picture taking, driving) Driving route is about 5 mins from hotel and is about 3 miles long. First you pull out of a gas station on to a 6 lane highway and pull up to a red light. First thrill is the self initiated drag race at the drop of the green light. As you shift thru the first 3 gears, Angela(instructor) tries to yell over the throaty V8 to tell you when to shift and eventually coasting in 4th before a set of turns. After the turns you downshift to 3rd before entering a tunnel and then just blast thru the echo chamber which left me smiling ear to ear (second thrill). The F430 has a very distinct exotic car sound even tho it's equipped with a V8, a totally different exhaust note than that of an American muscle V8. After slowing down and making a few turns at lights, Angela had me come to a complete stop on a straightaway. The final thrill was zipping thru 4 gears from a dead stop before hitting afternoon traffic.Overall the experience was a steal at $99 and didn't take half a day to complete. Angela was a super cool chick that made the experience enjoyable. The whole process was very informal (no liability waivers to go over, no additional insurance to pay for, no papers to sign). I would have loved to push the F430 to the limits and go faster but of course you can't do that on open roads. I'll definitely be back to do this when I'm in Vegas again.
5	Started out a bit slow but it turned out fabulous. Eva did a great job serving and Apples did great assisting. The food was really good and great atmosphere here. Highly recommend this place !!  Last but not least Marco serenaded us with a beautiful  Italian song.
5	We had a group of 15 high school students go to Dal Toro for homecoming dinner. They were running a bit late... Homecoming photos can take time;D One Mom called the restaurant & they were so kind. No problem, they would hold the reservation. They totally understood that homecoming photos are a big part of the occasion and encouraged her not to worry. When they arrived at the restaurant, they allowed the kids to select where they wanted to sit & even though it was obviously going to be a no alcohol table, they gave them a lovely table on the patio.  Muero was their waiter & he took special care of them. They all said the food was very good & they would love to go back anytime. The restaurant was very kind about their budget and offered to give them desperate checks, which usually is frowned upon by restaurants with large groups. This is an elegant venue, with tasty food & a very considerate staff. Over the past few years... We have had many a great meal here & I did not realize that I had not posted a Yelp review previously. They have a great wine selection, with some very reasonable prices & good values.  We have found that asking the experienced waiters for some recommends has always been successful. The owner is from Italy & many of the dishes originate from their family. Ask for Muero.  You will have a wonderful dinner!!
3	Nothing really special about the food. Order arrived super quick though and so did the check. I think the entire dining experience may  I ordered the shrimp and salmon omelet and Hubby ordered the pancakes and bacon which they fried until all moisture had been snatched and left us with a product that crunched like cracklin but looked like bacon. My omelet was hot but none of the flavor was extraordinary. Not bad but nothing to write home about. I thoroughly enjoyed the convenience though, as they are located right in front of the valet pickup so you can have a bite and head out to start your day.
1	This was perhaps the worst place of ever been to in Las Vegas. Server was pompous; food was marginal at best. I ordered muscles in a wine/marina sauce - it came cold. I told the server when he finally came back, they didn't take it off the bill, but brought us a desert which I didn't want. My fault, I should have pushed it more.Also had a pasta with chicken dish, the chicken was so chewy it was really tough to eat.I would not recommend going to this place as it really was terrible food considering what you pay for it.
1	I saw a deal on groupon for the Dal Toro exotic cars test drive experience and had some questions about this offer, so I decided to contact Dal Toro and ask them some questions before purchasing the groupon deal. I have been trying to get a hold of a live person with no success. They have one phone number for their restaurant, museum, and the test drive experience, which is frustrating. Their phone menu says to press 3 for the test drive experience, then press 1 if you would like to make a reservation, or press 2 if you have questions about the test drive experience. I pressed 1 to make a reservation and it directs me back to their website, then I get hung up on.Then I call again and press 2 and their menu says "system error, hang up and try again" and I get hung up on!!I have tried the restaurant and they direct me back to the same phone menu that I called before, I have also tried the museum and they direct me to the same phone menu that I called myself. So irritating!!!After not being able to get a hold of anyone via phone, I sent in multiple inquiries using the form on their website. I completed the form and received a confirmation message stating that a representative will be contacting me shortly. That was 2 weeks ago and I still havent heard from anyone, and their phone system is crap, I cant get through to anyone.I do not understand how you are still in business If you do not respond to people who are interested in doing business with you.I'm glad I did not purchase the groupon deal, I will take my $185 somewhere else.Do not waste your time with this company.
2	We tried this place for breakfast during our stay in The Palazzo... You would think there's no way to mess up breakfast, but there is...We were seated right away since the restaurant was mostly empty. We didn't really think much of that as we just thought we were very early.  We ordered very simple meals.. An egg omelette and a plate of fruit. Both were terrible!  The eggs tasted like they were out of a carton.. And the fruit was so bland and hard.I was very surprised at how bad this was. The only reason i'm not giving one star is that the service wasn't bad. Everyone working at the restaurant was very pleasant and the outside seating area is very nice... But really, you guys need to get it together with the food.
4	I felt bad.  I was walking by, looking for a nice lunch to celebrate my recent poker win.  This beautifully appointed, top-of-the-line place smiled at me -- with its perfect outdoor seating, friendly greeter, ample menu, and gorgeous hotel.  So I stopped in at twelve noon on a Monday.  The place had about twenty tables.  There was one table occupied.  Everything else was eerily empty, with two or three staff standing around waiting to please.  I felt conspicuous, but hungry.  So I stayed.  I enjoyed unmatched service, scrumptious and ample bread with garlic oil, and a huge plate of chicken piccata with linguini.  I read my book, ate my food, had perhaps a dozen glasses of ever-refilled water, and didn't mind the emptiness one bit -- until I left.  I had been their only lunch-time diner.  I felt bad for them, though I was assured that this was an anomaly -- a very slow week of the year on a very cold day on a Monday at lunch.
3	First let me say that service is five stars. Our waiter was excellent and he made the experience a good one. Food is good, but not great and certainly not worth the price tag. I ordered the surf and turn ($75) and my bf ordered the bone in rib-eye. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. Lobster was fine, nothing special. I would recommend you check out Capital Grill instead. Cheaper and a more beautiful atmosphere.
1	If there was a way to give zero stars I would... Bought a New Years Eve Package for dinner an a "VIP Table" in their "Club".  The staff was in utter confusion about how to process the pre-printed tickets people had for the event and it was almost comical.  For being a "six annual event" this was kind of surprising as it was managed more like a kindergarten ice cream social.Dinner was not even as good as Olive Garden (the McDonalds of Italian).  Most of the dishes were cold, except the salads which were warm.  The servers seemed lost and it was hard to believe this was an established restaurant.On to the "VIP Table"....They were small tables set up in what looked like a basement.  I asked one of the staff where our table was because they were all full.  They told me to look for people that aren't wearing red wrist bands and tell them to move.  Really?  I decided we would just get our bottle of champagne that was part of the    package (although they charged us a fifty dollar gratuity) and leave, but the bar tender said she didn't know any thing about bottles of champagne and I would have to inquire with someone else.  We decided just to leave and spent the remainder of the night in the casino bar, which was way better service and drinks.  We should have saved the $400 package cost and just gone out for a real dinner at a restaurant that has edible food and a competent management team.
1	The service I received for New Year's Eve was horrible , We never got seated after paying the $900 for the table online. They simply stated there are no tables and walked away from me, when I tried to get a refund from them for services never rendered they would screen my calls and Hang up or forward me to voicemails with no return calls. This is a very poorly managed establishment, I have never had to deal with such immature management ever in my life, the restaurant will never see any of my friends or family come to this restaurant after what I have to say and I hope you do the same.
1	New Years Eve Robbery!  We selected and pre-paid for a 5 course dinner ($320) at Dal Toro's.  Have never eaten here before I just assumed (yea stupid on me) that being in the hotel it was and the price it would be good - boy was I wrong!  Although we had reservations it was utter confusion and a long line to get a table.  When we did get a table they sat my wife and I at a large table right in front of the patio door which was pretty much open most of the time letting in 30 degrees temp.   Table was not cleaned nor set.  Wife ordered wine which had to have been very old and open weeks ago.  Service was very slow but when they did show up wanted to make it very rushed.  Music was playing so load I could not hear my wife talk.  I could hear and see alot of other guest complaining to the manager who was clueless.  I could have lived with all that until the food came.  It was COLD (all of it), and of very poor quality!  Honestly Dennys would have been much much better for a fraction of the cost!  Even though our reservations was at 10 it was approaching 11:45 until they brought the desert (which was really bad also) so requested our bill so we could see the fireworks on their patio.  the waiter billed us again for the dinner even though we pre-paid so we had to have him take it off which took up to midnight.  Went to their patio to watch the fireworks and realized it was already packed solid! Nobody could move and it was full of very drunk younger guys who were pushing and yelling, grabbing other women.  Two fights broke out in minutes pushing and putting others at risk.  nobody from the staff was anywhere near to see it or do anything about it.  I was shocked that so many people were at this place given how bad it is!  It is obvious this is a tourist trap given its location as it would not last 30 days for locals.  If it had a all new management staff, menu and chef this place has potential because of it's location but otherwise stay away unless you want to pay a lot of money for really bad food and service!
