1	Hmm... Nonplussed. Mind draws a blank when I think of a positive, and grows tired of all the negative that begin to stir. So, the interior is somewhat attractive, but does not distinguish itself from other restaurants. I may not have ordered the piece de resistance here, but I did order something I thought would ignite "tasty" in my mouth, but didn't. Overcooked eggs, mutilated, also overdone chorizo. Chewed this stuff with a crying smile. Don't order off the Sunday brunch. One of those places not worth the drive.
1	El Encanto (Cave Creek) and El Encanto Dos (Carefree Hwy) are not owned by the same folks as  the original El Encanto restaurant located in Cave Creek  and nor is the food nearly as good as.  The food at El Encanto Dos is over rated!  In the past month or so the portions have dwindled to the point that when I order the steak fajitas, I think of vegetable fajitas with a touch of  tough steak.  The flour tortillas are so hard and dry they might as well be made of cardboard. Not worth the drive!!  An experience you can live without!!!
4	We had a great meal here. I am not sure if it is new owners or what but the place was clean, the food was perfectly prepared and alot of it too. I had the sampler platter, the pollo fundito was one of the best i have had, filled with white meat, perfect spice to the sauce, the beans were good, the chips and salsa was really good. We will go back, and judging by the 100's of others there, so will they. Please try it and let us know.
4	I'm hooked on their steak quesadilla with green chili sauce like a ten dollar hooker to crack. It's that good. I have dreams about it.Damn good strawberry margaritas as well.And like Daren writes, the pollo fundido is pretty amazing. Also recommend the pollo chimi with green chili sauce and sour cream. Or red chili sauce... Both are great.Best Mexican I've found anywhere in the valley so far.Bring your appetite because the portions are huge.My only gripes are that the service at the inside bar almost always sucks and the cheapskate moron of an owner needs to fix the ridiculous urinal that's about 10' off the floor in the men's bathroom.
2	It might just be that we didn't order the right stuff or that they have Americanized too much.  My short impression is that the food was bland and pretty dull.  My wife ordered the Tacitos and while these are usually bland by design, it's the dipping sauce that gives them life and the Avacado sauce was disappointing as an over whipped Avacado.  My daughter at the age of two is an incredible fan of Mexican Rice and Beans and she wouldn't touch them here, she only ate the chips and salsa, which admittingly and disappointingly was the high-life of the mean.  I had the most order Pollo Fundido, the chicken (while all white meat) was extremely bland, the only thing that saved this dish was the jalapeno cheese sauce on top.  It actually had life and would make a great Con Queso dip in it's own rights.  I would like to see the meat livened up with a little jalapeno and salsa.  Show me the food I would see when visiting friends having a Fiesta, I know it's there, let it out and show your full potential as a Mexican resturant.
3	was  a little disappointed in their menu.. nice decor, okay servers.. didnt try their margaritas but hear great things. food wasnt  that great, i felt like i  couldve had a better experience at  taco bell
3	Came here with a crew of 5 adults and 4 small children. This was early on a saturday evening and the restaurant was not crowded. We were told that we would have a 40 min wait!! I looked around and saw tons of open tables. They said that they did not have another server so they were limited to tables. I couldnt grasp that answer so I asked to see the manager. 5 min later we had a table. Was kinda amazed by that whole ordeal. The food was good and the beer was cold. Ambiance was ok but still couldnt get past the initial seating ordeal. Prices were slightly high considering we were in a "remote" area but not too bad.
5	wow. i can see why this place needed a second location! i have a new favorite mexican restaurant and its name is el encanto dos! let's start with drinks. my prickly pear margarita was fantastic. his beer was cold, and reasonably priced to boot! the cute little carafe of water (with a lemon slice) on the table was a nice touch as well. it was that kind of attention to detail that impressed me. next was the chips and salsa. i didn't get the feeling that the chips were made in house (boo), but the salsa tasted like it was. it had a little spicy kick and the ingredients tasted very fresh.and now the food ... what a wow factor! the beef taquitos were our starter. they were crispy and the meat was plentiful. the avocado/tomatillo dipping sauce was super yummy! for the main event i had to take daren c. and pity d.'s advice on the fundido. when delivered, it did not disappoint ... a cheesy, white meat chicken delight. by far the best one i've ever had. he had the shredded beef tacos and said they were very good ... they must have been because he cleaned his plate before i could snag a bite. we both loved the rice and i was kicking myself saturday morning that i didn't bring it home with me for breakfast.our meal was timed perfectly. prices were just right. our server never pulled a disappearing act. our meal for 2 was $55 including a 20% tip. a perfect, reasonably priced restaurant to take out of town guests to that will impress without being pretentious. as we left i imagined having a relaxing meal on a cool fall evening on the el encanto dos patio ... i can't wait!
3	Flavorless salsa, but maybe it is the head cold.  I had a bowl of Albongas soup which was actually pretty good.  Still prefer a bowl accompanied by flour tortillas, chopped onion and cilantro.  The taquitos were comparable to anything I could get in frozen section of grocery aisle.  The guacamole that topped taquitos was poor.  All in all not a great meal.  Service and decor were great though.
3	Food is AWESOME. Ambiance, ok, but the tables needed to be cleaned. Service, terrible.  It took forever to get our food, to get our bill, to get our cards back... I won't actively seek out this place until I do takeout for the food.
1	When we first went here about a year ago, the food was good, decent portions, ok service.  Over the next few months, it all went downhill.  The restaurant got dirty, as mentioned by other reviewers, the waitstaff got a bad attitude, and the food was no longer very good....small portions, burnt or undercooked.  So we haven't been back in about 4 months and will not go back again.
2	We were excited to try this place out, we love mexican and heard good things. Big let down. The food was average, but the service was terrible. My 2 year old couldn't sit and wait anymore, I ended lunch walking around outside with him because our food took so long. No drink or chip refills. Come on people!Skip this place and go to the original El Encanto instead.
3	Wow, this place has mixed reviews. And you are about to see another one.Let's start with the first impression. I love the ambiance;  the mexican tile and the porch and all of it just works for me. I was excited for what was to come!That excitement was dulled a bit by the LOOOOONNGG wait for service. I have only been there twice: once in the earlier evening hours on a weekday, and once on a Saturday around 2pm. Both times I was with a group of 6-8 people, so I was chatting and it wasn't as bad as it could have been, but if I had had a margarita in my hand it would have been much better. Once the margarita came, I thoroughly enjoyed it. However, I had plowed almost through it before my food came (and I was taking tiny little sips). This is a great way to make customers order more drinks, but NOT a good way to keep them happy. I ordered the combo beef & chicken fajita quesadilla. I LOVED it. I dreamed about it later. I should explain; I'm kind of a mexican food wimp and I don't like super-spicy (and my experience in Phoenix was that lots of mexican food was super-spicy), but this was just flavorful. I know, it's a really gringo kind of meal, but I loved it. The chips and salsa and guacamole were great too.Now we have ambiance, food and drinks on the positive side and service on the negative. The thing is, the service problem kept recurring like a bad chorus in a song. Every time I thought, "This food is so good I've almost forgiven them," the server would disappear again. So, I just don't know how I feel about them.I guess, if I'm ever around there again, I might sit at the bar and have a margarita..or I would go when I wasn't very hungry, or I would order takeout. And if you feel oddly dissatisfied with this review, you'll know exactly how I feel about El Encanto Dos.
3	This place was recommended to me by one of my neighbors as the "go to " mexican place to eat with my family, so i decided to give it a try.The food was very tasty, I had the chicken burro. You get so much for the money which is a good thing in these economic times!  The premade magaritas will make you smack yo mama. Mango is my absolute favorite.  Give the other flavors a try, you may find your as well. One flaw that I found was the dirty menus, but all in all, a good place to take a hot date if you enjoy a romantic atmosphere with desert landscaping out in the sticks....Peace
4	This place is great - the service is always top-notch and the food is consistently good.  Love the pollo fundido!!!  Great margaritas, too!
3	El Encanto Dos is A~Ok if your in the area looking for a good place to eat.  This is the little sister restaurant of the El Encanto in Cave Creek.  There are subtle differences in their food between restaurants but this location is pretty good and it's easier for us to get to from the I17.We love the ambiance of this restaurant especially their patio.  If given the option and weather permitting, I recommend dinning on their patio.  They have a wonderful fire place on their patio and they have heaters for when it gets colder.  On some weekend nights they have the most wonderful guitar player playing while you dine.  It's cool to see some of the local's ride their horses to the restaurant and tie them to the post surrounding the parking lot.We always have good service but then again I'm not afraid to say something when their service is slow.  They always acknowledge when they are slow and make amends to step up their service to ensure your dinning experience is exceptional. Their queso and spinach con queso are some what average, but their salsa and chips are good and a nice start to your dinner. Their taquitos are a bit dry, but then again I've never had a taquitos that wasn't dry, and comes with a wonderful chipotle salsa for dipping. You can't go wrong with their Seafood enchiladas, any of their enchiladas either pollo or steak smothered in their homemade Mole sauce, red or green chili sauces. Their fajitas are also good either steak or pollo. Their Pescado Enpapelado and carnitas poblano relleno are ok but don't plan to order them any time soon.This is a good place to go with the family and friends if your in the area.
5	Finally........I've been out here for several yrs now, and haven't found a place that I really like everything about.  Well here it is.  Service was excellent.  Food was delicious. Atmosphere ---can't beat it. Will definitely be back.
5	We live very close to "Dos" so we know the manager, most of the wait staff, and just about every item on the  menu.   On the weekends, Maria is the best manager if you have any issues or want to pay a compliment - she is great.  Ask for Isla as a waitress if she's working - she's the best.  Just about everything on the menu is worth getting except the red tamales (substitute the green corn tamale and you won't be disappointed) and the fish tacos can be a little light on the fish.  If it's the chef's special night - go with the special... usually, it's really fantastic.  The chicken enchiladas mole is really good if you like mole. It's all good - including the desserts.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you want good mexican food in a laid back atmosphere - and if the weather is pristine, you'll want to sit outside!
5	Seriously the best mexican food ever! I'm in love, I think!
4	LOVE it....worth the drive...great outdoor patio...chips/salsa/margaritas fabulous!
4	This is our local joint and a favorite place to visit for a tasty meal.  The staff is friendly, and most of the time on the ball.  Be prepared to wait on a Friday or Saturday night.  The big hit, the Pollo Fundito, best in the North Phoenix area.  Pork Carnitas are great to!  Margarita fan, well this is the place.  Get the frozen (they are more potent) and sit back on the patio.  They grow fresh veggies right there on location.   A staple restaurant for this family and worth the trip up to Desert Hills.
4	I just changed their menu it's a little more streamlined now.  I had the plato burro with carnitas, chimichonga style. some of the best  carnitas I've ever had!
5	I am a huge fan of Mexican food and this place rocks.  Although it can be a bit noisy at times, the food is amazing.  I especially love the fajitas and the sampler plate.  I have to say after the sampler plate - there was little room left for the main course.
5	We've had both dinner and lunch here and the food has always been very good. The atmosphere is very nice - fireplace, outdoor dining, Mexican tile.  We've also had excellent waitresses every single time we've been there!  We're looking forward to their farmer's market that should start in October!
5	Drove by this place on the way back from a meeting. Checked it out on Yelp decided to give it a try, and I was not disappointed. They give you 3 different salsas and chips the minute you're seated at the table. All are very good. Tried the Pollo Fundido, as so many on Yelp had recommended it. It lived up to the reviews. I will say this, though, it is not a light lunch by any means. Eat this baby at noon, and you'll be snoozing by 2 PM in your chair at the office. Many things in the menu looked tasty. Wish I were in the area more often so I could try the rest.
4	The food is some of the best mexican anywhere.  The staff is alsways wonderfal and efficient!  The atmosphere is charming.It's close to our house so we go ther often and feel like family!  It's always our first choice!
2	Ok, here it goes. Came here with my wife for her birthday. Upon arrival, looks great, pond out front is a nice touch. Outdoor seating in the right weather looks like it could be really nice. Inside, its fine. Chips and salsa were delivered right away, and quite good to boot. Wife ordered chicken fajitas and I ordered beef fajitas. When they arrived, everything seemed OK, although both seemed overly greasy, and after a few bites, it was very greasy. The beef and the chicken had zero seasoning on them, they were both very bland. The sides they give to build the fajita are ok, but no sour cream? Seemed odd to have to pay for a side of sour cream when we were paying $18 per plate of fajitas. The house-made guac was very average. One last note about the beef - it was cooked to well done which made it quite tough. The portions were quite large. The service was good; offered informed suggestions and was prompt and polite.  Overall, the experience was fun with the wifey. But the $18 fajitas left much to be desired. Havent decided if we will give this place another try.
5	I prefer this location over the original in cavecreek strictly on service and accessibility but if I must say I think their food is a bit better as well. My parents frequent this location on a weekly basis and occasionally I get to tag along and participate in the fun. Every lunch or dinner usually starts off with chips and salsa (3 types) and a large pitcher of frozen margaritas. El Encanto Dos has basically ruined margaritas for me, as its hard to find any as strong and as good tasting anywhere else. They just taste right!! But watch yourself, like I said, they are potent. I don't change up my selections very often because the Pollo Fundido is just too delicious to stray away from. I suggest it to everyone if they are unsure on what looks good to them or just want my opinion on something to get. It's a must try at El Encanto and I would suggest getting a half size portion just because it is so filling. The mild but tangy cream sauce will keep you coming back time and time again. As for service, My family and I threw a surprise 60th birthday for my dad here and all of the staff helped out and made it really special for him . They accommodated our 30 or so guests and had special menus out for our party. We couldn't have asked for a better set of staff to help us with a such a special event. And to top it off the service is like that all the time. They are always super helpful, recognize the regulars, and are very friendly at all times.
4	Excellent Margaritas! Had fun here visiting my cousin, Food and salsa were good, guitarist and fire added to the fun!
5	The house margaritas are the best in town!
4	We loved the polio fundido. The outside patio was cute. Our waiter Rich was excellent! We will be back again when we start working out.
5	Very good food!! Try the fundido sauce!
2	Foods good and the service sucks!
3	I've been here twice in the past 3 weeks.The first time was for a huge girl scout leader award dinner.  We had our food catered and it was delicious.  They gave us more than enough food and the service was fine--nothing special.  I probably would have given it a 4-star rating.But last week we came here for a happy hour/good bye party and it was awful!!!When I came in a little late, I went straight to the bar for my drink.  It's a good thing I did because the bartender was also our server and I later found out that he hadn't even served our table their drinks yet.  So I received my drink before everyone else who had been there a lot earlier than I had.The bartender was extremely rude and unhappy.  He seemed flustered the entire time.  I'm not sure why we didn't have another server out there since there were about 20-30 of us.  The restaurant was pretty empty besides us.  This was a Thursday at about 5pm.I went to the bar to order my food since all my friends were complaining about how slow he was with ordering from the table.  Luckily I think a manager came by and saw me waiting at the bar, so he took my order.  I ordered the street tacos from the happy hour menu.  Yuck.  I didn't care for them at all.  I just ate the carne asada off the taco.My margarita was okay, but I had to repeatedly go to the bathroom to wash my hands because the syrup must have been all over the glass making my hands sticky.The floor was also gross and sticky.  My shoes were sticking as I walked.My biggest complaint however, was that they would not honor their happy hour prices for us.  Their reasoning was because we had such a big group.  I think that is ridiculous and unfair.I plan a lot of happy hours for my work, and I will never plan one for here again.  They will be missing out on a lot of business.  Oh well....It's too bad because I have heard that they have really good food.  I just don't think I'll be here again.
4	The atmosphere is what really makes this place. The waterfall out front, the cantina feel of the outside eating, the decorative tables and art on the walls all lends to the good feelings you get when you walk in.The food is great as well. The mole sauce is one of the best I've had. You will not go wrong if you're looking for great Mexican food.
2	Service is more on the rude side... We found a hair in our water and when we asked the waitress for new water and glasses the she acted upset and inconvenience and did not apologized. The establishment over all is dirty. The food was good, not good enough to come back.
5	Margaritas are the best anywhere!  Love the staff, love the service!This is the first place we take out of town guests and they immediately feel right at home.  Always our #1 choice!
4	While in the area, we stopped for a late lunch. We sat in the bar because that's where he always sat when he came here. We were there for about 5 minutes and ignored by the bartender who was talking with what appeared to be a waitress about her vacation to California. We decided to move to the dining room. As we approached the hostess station a gentleman said I hope you enjoyed your food, come again. I informed him that we had not eaten yet, as we were ignored in the bar and wanted a table in the dining room. He apologized, sat us at a table and offered us an appetizer on the house. Our waitress was right out and said any appetizer was on the house. I was impressed that it was already communicated to the waitress before she came to our table (good job!!). Our service for the rest of our meal was outstanding!The pollo fundido is amazing and very cheesy. My boyfriend had the enchiladas de pollo con mole. The sauce was so flavorful. I have never had mole before but one bite and I was hooked.I will definitely come back.
1	I'm still stewing about the experience I had here last night. Bear with me on the length.... I'm THAT annoyed.El Encanto has been a hit or miss for many years as far as the food. Boyfriend and I stopped in last month and were pleasantly surprised.... except for the service. Our server, a 30s something woman (whereas the others looked reasonably young), is just one of those people who should not be waiting tables, both from lack of customer skills and memory and just obviously not wanting to be there. We were too tired to get annoyed though.We took my mom out for her birthday last night to El Encanto, and got the exact same server. Ugh. Now, I've been waiting tables since I was 16, ranging from fine dining snobbery in Scottsdale to a Dennys to the Roadrunner Saloon where biker fights break out weekly. In NONE of those would her service have been acceptable.1) Her style is awkward, rude and abrupt - she interrupted us mid-sentence multiple times, kept hovering over the table while we were eating, etc.  When I ordered a margarita, I had to repeat "on the rocks with salt" multiple times... what waitress can't remember a frickin' diet Coke, a margarita and a sangria?... and instead of asking me for my ID, she just stood there and stared at me (I rarely get carded, so it's not a habit to pull it out, and you still need to ASK, lady). I also mentioned it was my mom's birthday and she didn't wish her happy birthday, no candles on the dessert, nothing.2) We somehow ended up being brought the pitcher of water and one water glass. What? There's three of us here, 2 of whom have alcohol... at least assume 2 glasses. We also had no silverware.3) She VANISHED. Like, Harry Potter, Invisibility Cloak status vanished. Our drinks were brought by a manager, our food and silverware by a bus boy, the manager checked back on us, etc. We didn't interact with her again (except for her awkward hovering throughout dinner) until she came to whisk plates away and plop the check down.... 4) You don't freaking drop the check without asking for dessert - what, are you nuts? Do you not want your check and tip to go up?! That's server 101. "Hey, we want dessert." She brought a menu, not 20 seconds later swooped back to say "Did we see a dessert we want?"  and then I made my fatal mistake: I asked for another minute. This minute turned into literally 10 minutes (we clocked it!)  We finally order it, someone else plunks it down along with our check.15. Dang. Minutes. After we're finished with our dessert. That's how long we waited, too hopefully, for her to come pick up the check. I was steaming to the point of wanting to dine n dash. Finally I take it to the hostess stand and tell the manager I need to pay but our waitress has been.... She finishes my sentence with "AWOL?"   Gee, how did you know?  If you know she's been AWOL and is a terrible server, why is she still serving?  The manager merely ran my card, apologized with a robotic "I'm sorry about that", explained to me that one copy of the receipts was mine and the other theirs (who the hell doesn't know that?) and went back to the bar to talk to the bartender. No drink comps, no offer to make it right, nothing.This is the first time I've ever totally stiffed a waitress, but it was the worst service any of us had ever gotten, and hey, you work for your tip. This is the first time I've ever had an issue in a restaurant and not at least gotten a sincere apology and an attempt to rectify it. To think I paid $67 for 3 people (without tip!) to get treated like we didn't matter, is ridiculous.We will NOT be back, El Encanto, EVER.
3	We go here once every few months. Being where it is at, it is a 20 min ride for us to get there. I don't know how or why I talk myself into this place... my wife "likes" it - so maybe that is the reason.I have never had a horrible bad experience, but I have never had a WOW experience either. The pricing is more than your corner Mexican restaurant - the place is REALLY cool - so I would expect the food to be more/better.Just average - just A-OK - Just Satisfying. Good to go - just don't expect anything out of the ordinary.
1	We went there on a Monday afternoon.  It was slightly crowded.  We sat in the bar area.  It took a while to be noticed.  We placed our order which came in good time.  The meal was terrible.  I ordered pollo fundido and did not like it at all.  The only thing I could taste was sour cream.  I would not go back, I would sooner drive to Phoenix and get better food.
1	I've been here a few times. I keep wanna to give them a shot but my  experience the other night will be my last. I've gone back because I've never had a horrible experience until Friday night. The server was not very good. We had to ask on several occasions to bring us our drinks or silverware and napkins. We waited for our food for about 45 minutes. When we finally received or food it was cold and mushy. My tamlae tasted like i was eating bread not masa and my taco was mush. The salsa was very very bland. I had to add some salt to give it at least some kind of taste. I understand if the restaurant is busy but you still need to have good service and food good enough or at least warm enough to want to eat. I will not be eating here again and would rather drive into town to get Mexican food. Very disappointing. So much that we're still talking about how awful it was.
3	Weird that there are no reviews since last July on this place???  I have been here many times as it is 10 mins away from my house.  I do like the location because you feel you are right out in the desert and the outdoor sitting is nice.  Inside in the main dining section can be VERY noisy if it is busy.  Lots of families and kids too sometimes.  I just went on a Friday night and had a decent experience.  They have live music some nights, which is nice but can just add to the noise level.  The margaritas are very good.  Free salsa and chips are good.  Food can be a little hit or miss sometimes.  I usually get the Pollo Fundido and it has ranged from really good to okay on several occasions.  I think sometimes it is sitting under a heat lamp too long.  I did notice on this visit that the portion sizes have shrunk and the prices have remained the same, so I guess management finally have moved the way of many chain restaurants to squeeze more profits.  The food tends to be very salty.  Wait staff can be hit or miss too.  Friday night, the waitress was super busy and you could tell probably had too many tables but we got what we ordered in a fairly timely manner. Probably would give them 3.5 stars but that isn't an option on Yelp.Will continue to go back.
2	Had fun at the open Catina area, but that's about all. This was only our second time at El Encanto Dos, but it was not any better. Food is mediocre at best and over priced for Mexican food. Our server had no personality what so ever. It seems that more and more servers are from Boringtown. The service was extremely slow as well. With plenty of Mexican food restaurants to choose from, this one is STILL at the bottom of our list.
1	This place has great ambience and could be great.... Unfortunately, the service is terrible!! Such a disappointment!
2	We have frequented this place and gave them our hard earned cash many times... I think we go here because of the convenience and not the food/service.  Food is okay - it is really hit or miss depending on if you get a good cook day or a bad cook day.  We have gotten very tasty beef tacos on one visit and the next time, they will be horrible.  No consistency at all.I just need to harp on one thing which has been consistent - no matter if we have sat in the bar area, at the bar itself or in the dining room.  It takes FOREVER to get your check.  And then it takes an eternity to get them to take your payment.  We have waited 20 minutes just to get cashed out.  I do hope that the management reads the reviews because it's something that really irritates customers.  We want to leave!  We want to give you your table so you can fill it again!
5	Tried "Dos" for the first time last night.  The original in Cave Creek has been a tradition for years in my family.    I was pleasantly surprised!  We sat on the patio which was beautiful and had a great view.  Service was fantastic and we ordered prickly pear margaritas and pollo fundido all around.  Food was fast and great.  Not one complaint from our party of six.  If you don't want to deal with tourists, El Encanto Dos is every bit as fantastic as the first restaurant.  We'll be back!
4	Been looking for a good mexican restaurant since I moved to Arizona. Came here for lunch, and it wasn't busy at all for being noon. Got complimentary chips and salsa. The waiter helped us with ordering and even brought out some of the sauces for us to try. He recommended the enchiladas, so I order the chicken ones with green sauce. I was overall very impressed with them and so were my friends.
2	We have eaten at El Encanto Dos twice and we won't be returning.  The food is fairly gringo and I feel over priced for what you get.  The real rub for us is the service. We had ordered margaritas and 2 entrees (Jalepeno Rellenos and Green Chile Burro). The burrito was dry and tortillas thick and not warmed.  I would have asked to send it back but we didn't see our waitress except when we flagged her down for water. When we asked for more water it came about 10 minutes later with a grunt from the waitress as she dropped off the carafe. She actually slid it across our table as she passed by, never making eye contact not even breaking stride. As my husband poured our waters for us he looked at me and we said in unison, never again. Our waitress never checked in with us or asked if we needed anything. The restraunt is pretty and the patio looked nice.  It could use a good scrubbing, the windows were dirty, splatters on the wall next to our booth, the table and menus were sticky,the bathroom was dusty with grime on the stall doors.  Just not a good feeling at all and quite disappointing.  I think I could have tolerated the food but the service or the lack of, is what sent us over the edge and the point of no return.....
4	The food is outstanding.  I've had several different entrees and liked them all.  I love the salsa trio to get my meal started as well.  The main issue here is the service.  Things tend to move slow and you often have to grab your servers attention.  If you can handle that consistent issue the food is well worth it!
1	Worse Mexican food I have ever ate!  I come from Ohio and had better food than this place!  Had a chicken dish with no seasoning or veggies!  Dried chicken with a dollop of creamy white sauce does not make a good dish.  The manager even came by and stated he would not charge me for the extra sauce I requested to help give the dish some flavor!  Also who serves a margarita in a water glass???? Never again, a waste of money!
5	We recently moved to the mountains and this is the closest restaurant to our house. GOOD THING! Because it's the new favorite restaurant of ours! We've been greeted by the staff every time we go in; The service was exceptional - We ordered the Pollo Fundido and the Steak Fajitas, which were both amazing! The server never let our iced tea get past half empty; The Manager - on most occasions - is moving between the bar tables & restaurant tables making sure everyone is happy. Speaking of Happy...Happy hour here is GREAT - even though we don't drink! The specials are good - and the atmosphere is FUN. If you have room - try the dessert - chocolate chimi's = OMG it was home made ice cream - this day it was a fresh French vanilla - with mini-chocolate filled chimis! Delicious! This is our new "Cheers" - like seeing friends every time!
3	Typical Mexican restaurant. Nice building, so so food. On plus side service was quick. Probably better for drinks than good. Would not return.
1	The food is average, nothing special but the service is worse. I'm not going back. Unfriendly wait staff.
4	Above average food, service great, clean, great patio. Will do again. Sergio's original paintings are awesome!
3	3 stars for service, 4 stars for food & price. I've been here at least 5 times and it is always good. They have TVs in the bars, the actual restaurant is a little messy and the hostesses are less than inviting mostly. The place is a little off the beaten path to say the least. There is another one in downtown Cave Creek.
4	One of our favorites.  The food is always consistently good. The service is great and the management stops by every table every time we are here.We always start with a cheese crisp and the Queso Guillermo . Fantastic.  Great chips and salsas.  As with many Mexican restaurants, the dinners are over filling.  Always served hot and flavorful.  The Pollo Fundido, chicken chimi with jalapeno cheese sauce is to die for.
3	Sat in the patio area, very nice with the heaters. Started with bean dip, really good. Chips and 3 salsas were great. Cheese/ chicken enchiladas were really tasty. Tortilla soap was good. Service was a bit slow, more servers were needed.
5	Love eating here, wait staff is great, atmosphere is lively especially when they have live music.  Patio is also amazing to sit on this time of year.  I often order something off the menu and they never have an issue with it.  Also the margaritas are just amazing.  Would eat here every day if I could.
3	Not real sure what happened here, but the service has really gone downhill. The food is still good, but I'd drive the extra 10-minutes and go to Cave Creek.
1	I hosted a business lunch and all my guests and I left half-eaten food. I eat in many Mexican eateries in Greater Phoenix, and i cannot recall anything as bad as this The chicken was hard, dry and tasteless, and one of my guests had pieces of undercooked chicken.Very disappointing.
3	average
3	We have been eating here for many years because of the close proximity to where we live. There aren't a whole lot of options as far as dining out goes in our area, but this happens to be one of the closest and one of the best out of what is nearby. The service here is usually very good and this restaurant is always clean. Never mind the random sparrow that passes through by accident - the doors are often open when the weather permits. I am not a huge fan of the salsa here, which is a tragedy considering that the salsa is often an indication of how good the food will be. The hottest salsa is okay and ads a nice touch of smokey spice to the green corn tamales, which are among my favorite green corn tamales. The rice and beans are always tasty and the salads are wonderful as well. My husband recommends the Pollo Fundido. There are new items on the menu, which are worth trying out, but the prices are a a few dollars higher than what I would expect to pay considering the ingredients and portion size. The margaritas, whatever your favorite flavor, are fantastic.The outdoor patio seating is nice when the weather is chilly; outdoor heaters and fireplaces keep you toasty while you eat. All-in-all not a bad neighborhood place to come and eat a decent meal or share a drink with friends.
1	We have given this place two opportunities within one month to get their act together. Sadly, I took out-of-town guests there tonight and was embarrassed beyond belief.The food is mediocre at best.  The hostess rolled her eyes when I asked that we be seated on a different section of the patio.  Are you kidding?  The pork carnitas was inedible, overcooked and dry.  The "award winning" Margaritas were just okay.  I will give kudos to the side of guacamole.  It was pretty tasty.  The whole place needs a facelift...menu and decor.  Even our server seemed like he was just plain tired.
2	Very disappointed that our favorite Mexican restaurant completely disappointed us on Cinco Di Mayo.We went there completely out of our way only to find no celebration.  We came from Georgia where all the restaurants give away tshirts and celebrate with all kind if fun things.  Our drinks were in plastic and service was slow.  We will find a different restaurant next year, actually we aren't sure this will be on our list again,
4	Had my Daughters graduation from NAU/Mothers day dinner. I hate black beans and my dish came with it. I can happily say I will eat thier beans any day! My seafood enchilada was packed. Most places would be skimpy. Service was fast as we had 12 guest. Our party had absolutley no complaints and we all left very happy.
4	The only Mexican food restaurant my girlfriend will let us go to. I have personally tried everything on the menu and you cannot go wrong; however the chicken fundido is the flagship item. A good tip is to call ahead and make reservation since they are packed nearly every night.
3	DELISH.   Brunch price is definitely not worth price.   All food was great.   Nice setting.
4	So we thought we'd give it another shot - either we're a glutton for punishment or we are forgiving kind of folks....    Happily, I can report that this meal was wonderful!  We sat in a booth in the bar area.  Jessica was our server and she was the BEST server we've had ever in the years we've been coming to this place.  The food was very fresh, tasty, hot and yummy.  The XX was cold and the service was perfection.  Yay El Encanto Dos for hiring qualified servers who actually want to be there!   Good on ya!
2	Came here because we heard it was where the locals came and thought it might be a hidden gem - alas, it was not. It didn't have to coolness of the original El Encanto and the setting was not as interesting. It took quite a while for our waitress to come to our table, we had to ask for refills, and the food was lackluster. Green chile had no taste/heat - my son (17 months) accidentally got a bite of green sauce and never batted an eye. We will stick with the original El Encanto at least the vibe is better there.
2	Boring, but edible.  We had the beef fajitas and would have expected a bit of flavor, but nope...they tasted like they were taken out of a bag and heated in the microwave.We ordered a quesadilla as an appetizer and they brought out a giant, paper thin tortilla with melted cheese on top. WTF is that?  It must be an Arizona thing.  Typically a quesadilla is cheese and beef or chicken fajita meat melted between two tortillas heated on a grill with maybe some cilantro, pico de gallo, sour cream and guacamole on the side.Don't waste your money on a frozen margarita. The refried beans were good, so I guess there's that to look forward to next time.
2	Very disappointed that our favorite Mexican restaurant completely disappointed us on Cinco Di Mayo.We went there completely out of our way only to find no celebration.  We came from Georgia where all the restaurants give away T-shirts and celebrate with all kind if fun things.  Our drinks were in plastic and service was slow.  We will find a different restaurant next year, actually we aren't sure this will be on our list again,
1	Defently do not recommend this place.... The waiter admitted that they pre-cook there carne asada two days prior to serving it to their customers!!! Warm it up and serve it!!Just not right!!!!
4	I like this place for their margaritas, chicken tacos and the pollo fundido. Sometimes the chicken in the pollo fundido is dry :( hit or miss. The tacos are yum and the outdoor patio is beautiful. Sometime there is live music which makes it special. I find the main dining room kinda cold. The service is usually pretty good - sometimes slow. Overall, I really enjoy coming here, it's close and the food is usually pretty good.
1	Visited again today at lunch time. I should have known we would have crappy service when we were greeted at the door by a sign saying to seat ourselves as no hostess was on duty... Sorry for the inconvenience. I think there were only 2 servers working TOTAL. Horrible service and the flour tortillas were not fresh. They were very dry. I think this the last strike.
4	Love it!
4	Always a favorite.  Late lunch on a Sunday.  Sat in the bar since it was an in between time and had great service and quick lunch. Tostada for me, carnitas burro for him. And of course a  small pitcher of margarita's, frozen since it's such a hot day.  I always appreciate a lunch menu for small portions than dinner.
5	Such great food! They even had a man playing music and singing for everyone. Great atmosphere. I can't wait to go back.
1	Not a good experience.  We usually come on the weekends now and then for a nice wine and lunch experience.  This time, both were bad.  First, they quit carrying the Falling Star Sauvignon Blanc, and had no other Sauvignon Blanc to offer.  The waiter took forever to get me any wine at all.  I have asked a few times in the past months for them to carry the Falling Star again, but no avail.  My chicken torta was dry and horrible.  It literally had no flavor, I had to ask for mayonaise!!   I have had some amazing tortas in my life and I was expecting something fabulous.   Service was so very slow, we were so disappointed.  I love the building, the huge patio, the chance to buy fresh produce, and the food used to be very good, but I probably won't be back again.  With high prices, I expect amazing food and a good drink selection.  Table salsas were very good though.
4	Good food. Decent prices. Service is always good and reliable and it is close to home. The pollo fundido is amazing. Not the best for traditional Mexican food and the Chimi is disappointing but they are good on other dishes and great for group meals.
2	Wow! What a disappointment for this once great place. Food was still acceptable but no football, just really loud, ear splitting music.  So loud the customers complaints must not have been heard because it just kept on cranking. The adjacent table left mad.....we left with a headache.
5	Beautiful atmosphere and great food! We shared the appetizer platter and everything was incredible. Offering 3 different salsas with chips... Brilliant. The margarita was delicious and strong. They really knocked it out of the park with the chocolate tamale though.
