3	This middle eastern/mediterranean restaurant and Husnu's are really twins, located adjacent to each other on State Street.  I recall them as having both been fairly mediocre and unmemorable restaurants.  Maybe they both survive because people get a kick out of how extraordinarily similar and mediocre they are.
5	I love this place just as much as Husnus and agree that they are very similar.  I have only good things to say however, and my review for Husnus could basically serve for this place as well.  Especially good for a nice lunch! 5 stars.
3	It's true that Kabul isn't really memorable. But its kabobs are good. It feels like a restaurant on a college campus should ... like it's just managing to get by. It's good food.
3	Good food, good value, overworked waitresses. The best parts: I enjoyed trying Afghan cuisine - the soup that you can choose to accompany the entrees (I forget the name) was fantastic. Chicken with curry was also very tasty - the chicken practically fell off the bone. The lamb kabob was good, although the meat wasn't as tender and had a lot of fat. Worst part: we waited almost ten minutes for a waitress *after* we were seated. She was quite friendly, although it was clear the wait staff were understaffed that day. The restaurant does have outdoor seating.
4	I've eaten here several times on visits to Madison and always enjoyed it despite comments of one reviewer.  Menu seems a bit more extensive than that of Afghan restaurant in Chicago and it is centrally located on State Street.  Like the soup too.
4	Very delicious seafood salad and (usually) tasty raspberry stuffed chicken (get it as a lunch special, otherwise a bit overpriced, and can be a bit dry.) The hummus is middling/inconsistent and I'm not sure how I feel about the ubiquitous cucumber curry salad dressing, but I go there pretty frequently because it's a good place to have wine with your lunch and I am all about being as French as possible.
3	Sat at their outdoor seating area for dinner - we had to squeeze our way in towards our tiny table.  I felt like we were literally sitting on top of our neighbors - we were that close to each other.  And it was like a balancing act trying to keep everything on our table from falling and crashing to the ground.  Our server was upbeat and friendly, although the service was a little slow.  We had the Bulani - potato and scallion stuffed flat bread which was deep fried - it was very greasy but pretty good.  It went really well with the yogurt mint sauce.  The salad you get with your entree (you get a choice of soup or salad) wasn't too special except for the lite green colored dressing which was sweet and tasty.  I still can't figure out what herbs they used.  We shared the Kabob Combo - chicken and lamb kabobs served with saffron rice and more yogurt mint sauce.  It was ok, nothing special.  I really wanted to try the chicken with the raspberry sauce I've been reading about but I didn't see it on their menu. :(  I think we'll try their sister restaurant Maza across the street next time.
5	It's true, Husnus is superficially similar, but they're unique from one another. Husnu's rice is greasier, good, but greasier. The Turkish coffee here is great for a coffee lover. And above all, the stuffed chicken is amazing, one of my favorite dishes anywhere period. It's not amazing enough a restaurant in general to be five stars, but that stuffed chicken... mmm.
5	+2   the cilantro pesto+1   the red pepper pesto+3   $6 entrees+1   spinach stew: neither stewy, nor spinachy+2   seafood kabobs, in wisconsin+1   spacey sweet staff
3	Kabul is a nice joint when you're looking for Middle Eastern food. They usually have two or three dishes which can be made vegan with simple fixes. One of their dishes is a wonderful mixture of herbs, spices, chickpeas and spinach. Portion sizes are good and prices are reasonable, in the $9-12 range. They also have excellent hummus and pita bread. If they had more vegan options, I'd give them a higher rating.
3	Apparently my mother has never eaten Afghani/Mediterranean food. Weird, huh? So I took her to Kabul. I was surprised after looking at the menu to find that the appetizers cost the same price as the entrees. My first thought was: Better be large apps! My second thought was: It's unfortunate that Kabul doesn't cater to the surrounding college students by providing at least a few cheap options on the menu.  I got my mother the hummus app plate and I had a bowl of their lentil soup. The hummus plate WAS huge. The two of us weren't even able to finish it. It was tasty and now my mom knows she likes hummus. Cool! My lentil soup was pretty good, but I had to get out of my seat to ask the waitress to get me lime wedges. Then she brought thin slices of lime as you would put in your drink. I could even squeeze any juice into my soup and now it was coldish. Boo.A-OK
4	I like Kabul's flatbread and chutney a lot. (Each table has two chutneys, roasted red pepper and cilantro.)  The salad dressing is very good, but the salad veggies are your conventional iceberg lettuce, bitter carrots, and mealy pink tomatoes that were probably shipped 2000 miles.  I usually order the salad anyway (since the only soup is non-vegetarian) and then dip the bread in the dressing.Veggie entrees are in a separate section of the menu, so they are easy to find.  Some of Kabul's entrees are mediocre, but I *love love love* their veggie strudel (which is not on the menu but the never-changing "specials" board).  It is a spinach, feta, and mushroom streudel in a flaky phyllo dough crust, and it's topped with a spicy tomato sauce.  I also get cravings sometimes for their veggie ashak or their fasuliya, both mildly spicy veggie dishes served with yogurt sauce (though I remember thinking they were pretty hot when I was a teenager).  The entrees are all reasonably priced.For dessert, try the firni!  It's great.
4	Generally a better deal at the lunch hour. The soups and kabobs are well prepared and the price is reasonable. The service has generally been very good. Decor is a bit tired but homey and not distracting. Appetizers are fresh and quite good. 4.5 stars.Thankfully not any sort of snob atmosphere, just a good honest business run by people who care about good food quality.
3	I hadn't been to Kabul Restaurant since maybe 2003 or 2004, and I couldn't quite remember my previous experiences. After wandering down State Street during a recent visit, we decided the menu at Kabul looked suitable.I like the feel of the place. The inside is relatively small and cozy with several booths, a few two-tops and other tables.I ordered the ginger chicken. It was spicy and tasty enough, but I wasn't completely wowed by the dish. It came with a choice of salad or soup and flat bread. I opted for the soup, which was pretty good, and I enjoyed the bread which could be dipped in a cilantro or red pepper pimento sauce.The service was OK, but not astounding. There was a point were I was in desperate need of water, and almost had to drink my boyfriend's water, but the server came around just in time.Overall, I don't think I'd go out of my way to visit this restaurant the next time I'm in Madison. If you're at that end of State Street and you're looking for a good ethnic eatery, I'd suggest Buraka.
3	A friend of mine who is very familiar with Middle Eastern food was less than satisfied with Kabul, saying the food was not the real thing -- I suppose it isn't, but I've tried various dishes there and some of it is pretty interesting and tasty for what it is. I think that some of the dishes have been toned down or Americanized... Some of the items could've been spicier or might've been fusion dishes. However, their curry was pretty decent if I remember right (not quite spicy enough for me though), my guy likes their salmon, and they have reasonably priced lunch deals.Service, however, isn't great as some other reviewers have mentioned -- It's pretty slow, so make sure you have plenty of time before coming in.
1	WHAT A JOKE this restaurant is.  No entree that a group of 4 ordered turned out to be authentic or even taste good.   I know Afghan food very well, cause i've grown up with it.I was totally embarrased, and even tried to speak to the owner to give my piece of mind.  This person is a disgrace to the culture, and to himself for shortchanging you as a customer of your right to have authentic Afghan food which is very delicious.  The Afghan culture prides itself on great food, and is well known throughout the world.  This establishment is horrible, and I even thought about picketting or opening up another restaurant to compete just to prove it's shittiness.
5	Great food with snappy service.  Lunch and dinner offers different selections, but both offer either soup or salad.  Order both since salad dressing is delicious and the soup is to die for.  Large enough entre portions to split.  Second time to eat here and I planning one more visit.  One thing for sure, don't miss the baked artichoke hearts with Parmesan cheese as a appetizer.  Not sure of the name, but also a must is the eggless, custard dessert with fresh blueberries, rasberries and strawberries. Can't wait to return.
4	While my first experience a few years ago was less than great....round two proved to be nearly perfect. Great service.  Outdoor seating on bustling state st creates great atmosphere.  Umbrellas shaded us from the intense sun.  reasonably priced wine- good selection.  Out appetizer of stuffed artichokes was phenom.  We split the special which was a vegetarian pastry- feta, tomato, mushrooms in a phylo dough covered in tomato basil sauce.  Maybe it wasnt traditional afghan but it was DELICIOUS.  we also had pita with the two house dips and a delightful salad.all around great meal.
3	You won't get a bad meal here, you won't get a great one.  If it were the only Afghan place in town I'd probably go occasionally, but there's another one I like better, Maza, right across the street.  Bottom line:  I wouldn't object if a friend wanted to eat here, but I'd never pick it myself.
4	More than one Vegetarian item on the  menu!  Yeah for choices!   Stopping by for lunch on our way back to Chicago, we ate on the State St. patio of Kabul restaurant.  There was a wait and unfortunately they wouldn't let us put our name on a list and walk around, so we waited.  It didn't take too long - so it was worth it!I had the Vegetarian cous cous, which was nicely seasoned, a generous portion for the price ($7) and included a soup or salad.  We also shared a plate of the hummous appetizer - also good.  The soup offered is not a vegetarian soup though, it has chicken - be warned!  It'd be nice if there was a vegetarian based soup available to accompany the veggie entrees.  Our server was attentive (actually, I think we had several servers, they all kept coming by and re-filling our waters, bringing more bread, etc.).  The owner/manager was also accommodating, adjusting the umbrellas to protect everyone from the sun.BOTTOM LINE:  A good experience, lots of choices, generous portions and good prices.  I'd be happy to go back if I was in the area!
5	This place is simply delicious.  For lunch, they have this lamb dish with tomato, pepper, and onion with two poached eggs.  yum!   (though, you might ask them to take special care to make sure your eggs aren't overdone.)  For dinner, try Ginger Chicken (a curry).  More yum!
3	I can't say much about the food, neither can i remember much about it but sipping on the soup and suddenly this rock piece in my mouth... BLEH!!!!!
5	This place is a great restaurant.  It's not as good as Husnu's, next door, but it's still great.  The two restaurants actually have different menus.  Which works well, since there's also an Ethiopian restaurant between them and another Middle Eastern restaurant across the street.  I personally like the Lamb Curry, Kaftachalow and Moroccan Lemon Chicken.  The meat is great.  It's top quality, no gristle and very tender.  The sauces aren't over powering and are flavored just right to make the meat just amazing.The vegetarian options are just as good.  The chef's here have a gift.  They work art with food.  The dishes look amazing and work on every level.The service here is also very good.  So, good, infact that I once forgot to leave a tip for the waitress and promptly made a 20 minute walk in a blizzard to give a tip to our waitress.I can't recommend this place enough.
4	"I was so much more impressed than I thought I was going to be."  -JThe food here was really mostly great.  Sambosas and Lamb Couscous were particularly delicious.  We walked away very full for a reasonable price, and the service was decent.  Also, they were repainting the in store "Take Out" sign - hooray for restaurant improvements!
3	Foods what you expect.  Average ambience.
5	Dear Kabul,Give me the recipe for your soup. While you're at it, give me the recipe for your salad dressing too. I need bof'um.I know I've neglected you. After visiting you at least once a week for four years, I just disappeared. I know it's hard. For you and me both.I miss the spiced lentil soup with fresh herbs and yogurt. Nobody else doesn't it like you. I also miss that dill salad dressing that my roommate bought from you in bulk on a weekly basis and never shared. I look forward to receiving your recipe secrets by mail soon.Love,Anniep.s. I hope that bad server with the glasses still works for you. He was an awful server, but really cool.
3	Dear Kabul,You did not impress me at all.  I'm giving you 3 stars only because I'm such a lover of alfresco dining, and you offer that.  The food was blend cause you forgot to use ANY spices.  The rice was not basmati, but pilaf....very disappointing.  Please visit Kabul House in Rolling Meadows (Chicago area) and see what Afghan food should taste like.
1	I hate to write a negative review, but it has to be done. Over the weekend we were in Madison and decided to try Kabul Restaurant.  I am I big lover of Afganian food and I was very happy to see that Madison had an Afgan restaurant.  It's been a long time since I've been so disappointed by food.  Everything was very plain, didn't taste like Afgan food at all........Lamb tasted horrible, I don't think it was marinated prior to grilling.  Rice tasted just like something you get at Old Country Buffet.............The only thing they have going to them is an out door seating and the service was pretty good. If you want to try an Afganian food, this is not the place.........
4	It had probably been 10 years since my last visit to Kabul. Warm spices floating down State Street on an idyllic summer's day brought me back. Sitting outside on their patio under the shade of an umbrella drinking Afgan iced tea (with light notes of cardamon) how could I not be happy? Throw a great lunch special (salads or soup come with your entree) and I'm a happy camper. I used several pieces of bread to mop of the delicious meat sauce I had covering my eggplant rounds. Substantial food that didn't make me feel too full - the perfect compliment to the beautiful day.
4	Kabul was delicious. I had the Fasuliya and was pleased as punch with it. Our server was pleasant, even if the host was a bit surly, and everyone left pleased with the meal. The only qualm we observed was that the food on the menu wasn't noted as being spicy hot, even though it was. This wasn't a problem for me, but my mother had problems appreciating her dish due to it's spiciness.
5	I really liked this restaurant...I had a particularly powerful experience while dining here, so much that I even took pictures of the meal and wrote a detailed blog post about the meal I had here.  People who are concerned about the war and terrorism plaguing Afghanistan may find my post somewhat interesting:http://cazort.blogspot.com/2010/08/afghan-tea-afghan-food-and-afghanistan.htmlI don't really have anything I can say about the authenticity of this place, because I haven't had much exposure to Afghan cuisine.  What I will say about the food here, it was simple, but very good.  This is not extraordinarily complex cuisine--a simple bean soup, I had a dish with rice, eggplant, and yogurt.  But everything was balanced, delicately spiced, and fresh.  The meal was just the right amount of food for me.  I ordered tea and the tea was outstanding--black tea with lots of cardamon.  The black tea was aromatic but smooth and I happily got a second cup.Service was outstanding.  I can't think of another restaurant in which I've had better service lately, and to my knowledge, there was only a single waitress handling the whole place--a smallish restaurant, but fairly busy with the lunch crowd.  The waitress was courteous and attentive and the food was served promptly.This restaurant was FAR above the average quality of restaurants I've sampled in the Madison area.  I would definitely come back here, although I'm also eager to try out other Afghan food, both in Madison and elsewhere.  I find the other low reviews puzzling.  I found the prices here to be very reasonable, especially given the good service and pleasant atmosphere.  I understand that it's possible this isn't the best or most authentic Afghan food out there (I'm not one to judge this, however, and I personally thought it was tasty and interesting, without judging authenticity), but the 1-star ratings seem baseless and unnecessarily negative.  Does someone have a bone to pick?
1	If you know the cuisine from the region, you will know that what this place offers is terrible and not representative of how fantastic it can and should be. I suppose when there's no competition/comparison nearby, it's easy to operate like Kabul does. Anyhow, the meat has been tough and chewy, the rice is the wrong type of rice. It should be long grain basmati, not the short, fat Uncle Ben's type. The flavor, the marinade used imparts an odd flavor, certainly not reflective of any dish I've ever had prepared by native Afghani's. I should probably add that I grew up eating Persian food, and have been to Persian and Afghani restaurants in Chicago, and Kabul just doesn't even come close. Oh, and the prices are unjustifiable... I've had far, far better at much more reasonable prices. Pass on this one... take it from someone who knows what they're talking about...
5	Pictures speak a thousand words. I was hesitant about how some of the items would come out after we ordered it but everything was really good. I will try to describe but we had but words will do no justice. We had no complaints from anybody at the table.The burani was really good and the yogurt on top did a lot to complement the taste of the fried eggplant.The qabuli was really excellent and probably the best item on the table. I wish I had ordered it so that I could have eaten more of it but I was only able to sample.The lamb kabobs were perfectly grilled and the lamb didn't have that extra lamb flavor that I don't like. Grilled and still left moist and oh so tender.The beef korma had a mixture of spices and veggies that was amazing, simply amazing.The last dish I don't remember what it was called but it was super good too.  Thinking about it makes me hungry. This place explains why I'm fat.The service here was phenomenal. We got there an hour or so before closing time but the server let us sit and relax a bit after the meal and was very polite and quick with the ordering and the serving.
4	Wonderful food. Our Ukranian server steered us to wonderful dishes, one of which was not on the menu, so be sure to ask!!
4	Stopped on a very cold, late, night the day after T-Day.  Asked about good places that might be open that night and they suggested this place as one possibility.  I gave them a call and they answered.  I re-checked the suggestion with reviews on Yelp and they were decent so we went.  I liked the ambiance of the place (warm and relaxing), and the smells were strong and excellent, the food was great.  The service was good as well.  I would recommend this place to visitors and residents.
3	Our first choice for having lunch was closed, so we reluctantly entered Kabul.  As it turned out, this warm restaurant was a great place for a hearty meal and quiet conversation on a cold November afternoon.  The hummus we shared as an appetizer was decent, but a little watery.  The ambiance and deliciously tender lamb curry left an overall positive impression, though.  Total cost for three orders plus the hummus was $42.
3	I thought it was just ehhh, I had the veggie ashaak here  I wish it had a little more flavor... My coworkers enjoyed their dishes .. also when I was here there was a weird guy sitting alone ... there was some homeless guy getting arrested and he jumped outside  and started yelling inside and outside restaurant about a conspiracy theory ... I got a show with my dinner ...
2	While the service here was really nice, the food and flavor fell a bit flat.  My dinner date and I had the hummus, which was rather bland. We also had the Tunisian Stew and Kabobs neither of which were memorable.I was forced to put a large amount of spicy sauce in my dish to get some flavor. The food, admittedly, was not bad just lacked a certain spunk. There are probably a lot of other great places with the same type of food in Madison.
4	Mashawa and Lamb Kabobs.That is all.
4	This was my first trip to an Afghan restaurant, so I can't speak to how it compares in that respect. I had chicken curry with couscous and I thought it was delicious. The chicken was perfectly cooked, not at all dry, and the curry and cous cous were tasty. My friend really enjoyed her meal as well, she had the lamb curry. My beer was awful but it wasn't anything they recommended, just something they keep in stock, so that's probably a matter of taste. The waitress was fabulous even if it took her a minute to notice us!
2	Portion is huge,quite pricey.  This place is just okay for me,would not go back.
2	I went there for Lunch. The portion of it is too small and pricy. the taste is just okay. We cant really read the waiter's writing on the check (only numbers). Really need an improvement
1	Full disclosure: I'm a vegetarian so I didn't try any of their meat dishes--and perhaps this makes me unable to rate the restaurant adequately--but the vegetarian dishes we had here were either bland or terrible. I have a few Afghan friends and have been to several really good Afghan restaurants in the Bay Area and NYC so I know delicious, creative vegetarian Afghan food is possible. Missing here was anything resembling the FRESH creamy, minty, pumpkin and eggplant dishes and fruity and spicy rice dishes I've known....Instead we got heavy, poorly flavored, canned tomato sauce concoctions ladled over what seemed to be food made out of canned spinach and canned green beans. I may be a vegetarian but that doesn't mean we don't have taste buds just like everybody else. What is up with all the terrible ethnic food on State street? How are they still in business? They're all either overpriced (see Himal Chuli) or just plain awful. I realize I'm spoiled after living in San Francisco, Portland, and NYC, but come on Midwest - you can do better than this.
5	I loved everything about this place.  They have outdoor dining which was perfect!!!!  Our waitress was awesome, very attentive and extremely nice!  The chutney/dipping sauces for the bread was DELICIOUS, I wanted to lick the cilantro stuff off of the plate.  I ordered the special that night which was a stuffed chicken with spinach and feta with a cranberry sauce and a side of couscous which was AMAZING.  My sister had the Moroccan chicken was was also FABULOUS!!!  I highly recommend this place.  Great food, great service and great wine!!!!
4	I miss going to this place now that I've graduated and moved away.  I used to go for their lunch specials because you'd still get the great food but for cheaper (though the portions were also smaller I believe).  The duck strudel is just delicious!!!  The Mashawa (soup) is so unique and memorable that I am attempting to make my own since I found a recipe online.  There was also some stuffed chicken entree that I used to get as well.  I'm sure many other dishes are great but I had a hard time not getting the duck strudel every single time I went!  I am not an expert in this type of cuisine, but even if it's not the best afgan/mediterranean food you've ever had, you will enjoy it!
5	Have been dozens of times and always get the same thing because the curry chicken is so delicious.  My husband always gets the lamb curry and loves it and my daughter can't get enough of the soup and salad.  Great fresh and slow cooked food.
3	If you're ever in Madison WI and find yourself on State Street looking for some good, Middle Eastern cuisine, skip this place.  The chicken is of the same quality and texture as McDonalds.  They try to cover up the poor quality of meet and produce with curry which only distracts you momentarily.I had the ginger chicken and the Burani.  Not good, not awful.  Just....mehhh.  The beer I had from Turkey was good though :)  Hope this helps.
4	When I was attending UW Madison (1996-2001) I ate here religiously.  They offer a great variety of vegetarian options and the food tastes different than anywhere else -  truly unique.  I remember the salad and their homemade house dressing even being so good, that I would purchase a container of it to go.  They also give you this flatbread with your meal and I love dipping it in everything - the dressing, the hummus, and the sauces from the entrees.  And you can buy a whole flatbread to go, which makes for an awesome pizza crust!  My recent visits to Kabul have been good, but something has changed since 1996-2001.  The salad used to be quite a bit larger, have cherry tomatoes, purple cabbage, carrot strips and the curry dressing was fluffy and rich.  Now the dressing seems watered down and the tomatoes are sliced and very cold (don't put your tomato's in the fridge or freezer!!!).  The hummus used to be outstanding and now it is a hit or miss (sometimes being very granular).  The entrees are still very good and I would love to visit this restaurant more often.  It's not terribly expensive either.  But I wonder if it's under new ownership or they've changed the cooks... or are they getting lazy? Cutting corners?I don't eat the meat soup (Mashawa), but my parents who would visit me while in school did.  My mom loved it so much that she had to try and make it at home.  Went to Kabul about 4 times in 2011... recommended the soup to my meat eating friend the last time I was there and it looked extremely watered down.  Nothing like the way it did 10 years ago.Please Kabul!!! Don't lose your integrity!  Return to the upstanding quality that was once something to really really brag about (******) and recommend to everyone.  I will still crave this restaurant until the day I die.
2	Service was just adequate with a very nice but strange waitress.Food is also, again, just adequate.  Some dishes are good, others bland.  Overall I probably won't go back; there are just too many better options in Madison.
5	How much can you love a restaurant? Read my review and you'll find out. From Texas, I made several trips to Wisconsin to trace my family history at the Wisconsin Historical Society. I fell in love with Madison from the instant I set foot there. State Street and the area felt like an old friend. I liked it so much, I had to move to Wisconsin. Couldn't find a job in Madison, so lived in Milwaukee, but made it into Madison for more research every chance I could, and ate at Kabul often. The first time I tried the mashawa soup, i thought I'd died and gone to heaven. I liked it so much, I had to find the recipe so I could make it myself. And have. i couldn't convince my husband how amazing this soup was until he tried it himself. And then begged me to make it. A little lamb, multiple types of beans and legumes like lentils, chickpeas and green and yellow split peas, a wonderfully hearty dill-flavored broth, and just a tiny bit of heat. Plus a dollop of yogurt sauce on top. It is the PERFECT food when it's cold outside. The service here can be hit or miss, but the food makes up for it. The Moroccan Lemon Chicken (although technically not Afghani?) is my favorite here. One day I had a friend join me for genealogy research, and I took her here for lunch (technically dinner, since we were eating so late), and she too was convinced of the awesomeness of Kabul. The day I had to leave Wisconsin, and the awesomeness of my old friends, State Street and Kabul, was a sad day for me. I'm planning another visit back as soon as Walker is removed from office, so I can celebrate.If you happen to find yourself in Madison, do yourself a favor and stop in here.
5	Awesome restaurant, dearly miss the Mashawa soup now that I live in Colorado. Great food, awesome atmosphere for first dates and romantic evenings. Highly recommended!!
5	Stopped in today for the flat bread with chicken and it was delicious!  The yogurt sauce was just right and the chicken was also very tasty.  Before my meal came out, it was served with soup (forgot what the name was, Mashawa I think?) and the Afghan bread which were both so satisfying.  I also got a rosewater lemonade.  The server was friendly and I left the restaurant feeling full and satisfied.  Also, the prices were VERY reasonable.
3	Very limited vegetarian options, and the ones we ordered were less than average.  The green beans in my dish tasted like they were out of a can.  The hummus was very tasty, though, and the service was good and quick.
4	Everything was so good! The soup that comes as a side dish was really flavorful, with lentils and other grains and things at the bottom. I had the special: the duck strudel with puff pastry, wild rice, and shitaki mushrooms. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. Everything around the table was quality as well as quantity. We got the stuffed artichokes and the dumplings as an appetizer, and those were small, but good. The entrees packed the punch, they all came with bread and soup or salad!This was my first experience with Afghan food, and I'd be nervous to try it again at another place, because it might not be as good!
4	Oh so good.  Get their spinach vegan dish.  The spices are all there and it tastes heavenly.  And the bread and chutneys that come with the dishes are just great.  It's a bit pricey for what I would consider something I that I can easily eat in one sitting, but very very good.
2	Really good salad... not so much on the hummus. If I wanted stewed green beans, I would have ordered them. You don't have to put them on top of my delicious chickpea spread.Also please warm up your bread.
3	3 1/2 Stars***Decent entree. Had the lamb with spinach and rice. Really enjoyed it. The hummus was bland though. Service was better than expected. I ordered an extra rice to go, and was not charged. Nor was i charged for my club soda. Will return.
4	I like this place for lunch rather than dinner. I went for dinner once and was not impressed and it was a little expensive. Best part of lunch is the dressing on the small salads, the lentil soup and the flatbread.  On the tables they have yummy sauces you can add to your meal. They make the flatbread and it is delish! You can even buy some to go.
3	Okay. Three stars because I wasn't a fan of the food, but the service was great. I must also give credit to Kabul's attempt to offer genuine, authentic Afghan and Mediterranean food, thereby adding to Madison's collection of ethnic cuisines. Also, I must acknowledge that although I wasn't a fan of Kabul's food, the friends I went with really liked it.So, I won't comment further on the food or recommend anything. I'll just let you know I've tried the Qabuli Murgh and a bit of the Burani. Just ask your waiter/waitress for a recommendation and get different dishes than the people you go to Kabul with so that you can at least try more variety if you end up not enjoying your own dish.
5	For vegetarians, the veggie strudel is a must. Fairly priced. Meals come with soup or salad (soup is not vegetarian) and it's not too noisy. One of my favorite restaurants in Madison and in the world!
3	Fun, well priced, and tasty. Solid eastern fare.
5	The food here is soooooooo good.  I ordered a vegetarian dish and words can not explain how good it was.  Enjoy!!!  Cheers!!!
5	This is my third visit.  Always good with fast, helpful service.  Varied ethnicity of clientele make for an international feel.  For me, that enhances the experience.  Now closed as it is being relocated to another building.
5	It's not everyday that one has the opportunity to eat Afghani food and have work pay for it. How could I not try this place out? So, I would trust your server if you have no clue as to what to order. If you've had Mediterranean or other middle eastern food, you'll probably be familiar with some of the options. I really stuffed myself and hobbled out of here with a full stomach and a smile on my face. I would definitely return and will try to bring my friends or coworkers next time.
3	My boyfriend and I fell in love with Afghani food in Bloomington, IN and since then it's been nearly impossible to find good aushak, or even mediocre aushak.Well we found it. It's decent, but it doesn't hold a candle to Samira's. Oh well; the search continues.Could be my fault as a vegetarian but it just didn't do it for me. Get that eggplant thing though. Not too shabby.
2	The food is lacking flavor. The Nile and Middle Eastern Cafe are the best in Madison for Middle Eastern food.
4	Went with some friends and we ordered stuff to share.  It was quite excellent.  The food is vaguely reminiscent of north Indian cuisine, but with a slightly different spice palate.  The only downside was the somewhat indifferent service and the low-quality ambience.
3	Like many places on State Street, Kabul has a nice outdoor patio and that's a huge plus. Given the area, service is pretty good, too. But the food is merely okay. I'm not a fan of the venerable American tradition of soup or salads being included in a meal. The reason being that most places just serve you a pretty mediocre soup or salad and roll the price into the cost of the food that you order. Kabul is no exception; although they had a pretty interesting curry dressing, the vegetables themselves were paltry and slightly bitter. My main dish of Qabuli Murgh tasted fine, but seemed more like a collection of assorted ingredients than any sort of cohesive dish. It was less than I was hoping for. Maybe other items are better.
3	I am definitely a fan of this place-the food is flavorful and all the dishes we had were very good.  I recommend the veggie pastry and the spinach stew.  However, the menus were filthy and they didn't have bread....apparently they make it each morning but today they ran out.  So we got hummus for a table of 5 people and each got a small piece of bread that may or may not have been from previous customer's bread baskets.  In this situation, the cooks should drive to the store to buy some....or offer a discount considering half of the dish is really missing.  After having no luck finding a place with pita, my Dad ended up running over to Potbelly's (we were desperate...that hummus was good!) for some bread.  That's just terrible!
1	First service is bad the server was rude so crowdedSalad is not tasteful food is not authentic afghan if you tasted real afghan foodPrice OK but they add 18% gratuity tip but I swallowed b/c my in laws where with me, I don't think I will go again
2	Their curried vegetables are pretty bland.  I would definitely recommend Husnu's (right next door) over Kabul for any vegans.  The vegan food is tastier there, and you can always eat the soup or salad that comes with your meal. The salad dressing at Kabul has eggs in it, and when I went, they didn't have a vegan soup.  The service at Kabul was good, though.
3	Afghan food sounds like checking out. 3.5 stars for this place. First off this is located in a trendy college area and I would call it the hip strip. Out door seating is in front because the place is small. The place was dumpy but the smell was wonderful and the service was slow. The starter soup was awesome before  the lamb kabobs came. The kabobs were good but a little over cooked for me and the tangy yogurt was great with the lamb. This is worth checking out at least once. My friends liked what they had but I can't comment on that. The place filled up fast between 6:30 and 7:30 so people must like it. Just below is a south African joint that might be worth checking out.
3	The flat bread is fantastic and so is the hummus. Had the chicken curry with couscous. Not impressed by the curry but the chicken was fall-off-the bone. Staff not exceptional but it was the tail end of a busy friday night so I can understand.
5	The food here was great I tried the afghan tea twice and loved it. The place is small but the are moving across the street in a few weeks. I hope much space is there. Ohhhh and the bread is the best. I can't wait to go back. My friends and I really enjoyed our meal.
2	Meh. It was fine, but were pretty sure we ordered beef and got chicken. But they ignored the mistake as if it's how the dish comes out. Maybe I'm ignorant to Afghan style beef. Or maybe they were to lazy to fix the issue. Either way they handled it terribly. And the service was lacking. Bleh.
4	So glad i came here before they move in a few months. Just wanted to be able to say I've been to there original location.Burani - The tanginess of the yogurt really pulled the flavors of the eggplant, tomatoes and beans together. Next time i want to try it with the meat sauce. Feel it would add a  whole extra level of flavor since it's basically sauteed eggplant with a tomato sauce with green beans with the veggie sauce.Chicken salad- fresh crispy lettuce, well seasoned chicken. wish i have ordered extra. Good amount of grilled veggies. The curry cucumber dressing was refreshing but not strong in curry flavor. Good but misleading name.Friendly service, Loved the lighting and atmosphere at night. Hope the new location will keep it going.
5	Glad I got in before it closed!Can't wait until it's reopening further down state!
4	Yelp says it's closed but I'm pretty sure I was here the other night... It was delicious! Burani bulani lamb curry and lamb couscous all get thumbs up. Though if I were to give an edge to any dish it would be the lamb curry, get it with the soup and dip that pita in it and that, my friends, is a really really solid 13$ dinner.
5	Not to be deterred by the new second floor location, finally reopened after the iconic street level restaurant was forced to close due to new student housing construction, I happily entered a world of culinary bliss, If there can be a more exquisite meal had anywhere up and down State Street, please let me know; otherwise, treat yourself right and set your taste buds free. Positively perfect cuisine in each and every way!
5	Awesome food. Glad that it reopened. Lamb kabob
4	Delicious!  Visited for lunch last week while visiting from out of town.  Had the soup and burani on recommendations from Yelp.  Both were very tasty and I plan on coming back to share this gem with others next time I'm in town.  Service was friendly and the new space was nice.
3	Kabul has been one of my favorite restaurants on State, especially for lunch, since they offer lunch specials at really great prices. Their food is that good that we have been there multiple occasions for dinner too. So I was sad when they had to close down for constructions. But recently I found out it reopened! They are now on the second floor of state, joining sunroom as one of the nice dining places with window seats overlooking State St. One of the things I like about Kabul is their sauces that go with the home made break. The green cilantro based sauce is the best, just a tinge spicy but really fragrant. Unfortunately their sauces are no longer the help yourself type. Instead you are served a tiny portion of the dipping sauces, hardly enough for the bread. I think you can probably ask for more (I haven't tried that yet though), but it's more trouble than before. i wished i had a picture, but we went at night and it was pretty dark in there. one day when we go  for lunch I'll try again. I'm also not sure if they changed the way bread is served or they were just very busy that night, but our bread came cold, like, stone cold, not just room temperature cold, which was a little weird. Service was pretty slow. There were only 2-3 wait staff and the restaurant was pretty packed on a week day night. We felt that we had covered every topic you can think of but our food still wasn't here. Plus they got my order wrong, I substituted the rice in my curry with couscous, but it came with both rice and couscous because they forgot about that. The waitress did come over to apologize before I'd said anything, so I'm not complaining. In the end I gave the rice to my bf, who was happy that he got double rice while i enjoyed my couscous lamb curry. I am hoping this huge crowd and slow service are just related to their pretty recent re-opening. So I will go back to try again in a little bit. And hope that those old days and memories of the great place and great food will return *wistful look*
1	Let me say this first, the restaurant is near the University, and I don't thinki a lot of the reviews here of the NEW Kabul's are from experienced diners.  I was a Kabul's "regular" who loved dining there in former location.  That said, this Kabul's was a horrible experience.  We ordered drinks, and watched the bartender take a straw and sip out of the blender - classy!  The Lemondrops we ordered did not come with the rims sugared but were good.  The hummus was disgusting - I used ot LOVE their hummus.  This had no flavor and was whipped with so much air it didn't resemble the texture of hummus.  The bread was, meh.  Then came the soup.  I don't know if they were running low or what, but it was so watery our entire table returned it.  my bowl had 8 chickpeas, 2 kidney beans and one piece of undisclosed meat about 1/2" big.  It tasted like Campbell's canned soup where they added one can too many of water.  BLECH!  We all returned it.  Then came our main courses.  I had the Curry Ginger chicken - a former FAVORITE.  No more!  All one could taste is curry and cumin and it was really hot.  Didn't even resemble to former dish.  My friends got the lamb kabobs and said they were "warm" but not hot;  "goog" but not great.  The owner was sitting in the diningroom and I think he needed to be supervising the kitchen.  We weren't sure if they were trying to be some "chic new-age" MiddleEastern Restaurant and failed, or if it was plain bad food.  The service?  Let's see...the soup was spilled on my coat (with no clean up); they dropped the steak knife on a guest with some food and got the splits wrong for the check.  THe place was so loud you couldn't hear people, and several tables commented on it....we heard them because they were yelling.  I'm sad, because this used to be a wonderful restaurant where the delicate flavors of the Middleeast bleneded wonderfully.  Now?  There are so many in Madison that are better.  Unless you're a college student on a budget....even then you can do better.  Maybe it was a bad night...I dunno.  I might try it again, but it will be awhile before we do.  They need to get their kitchen in shape and staff trained before we do.
5	Love the new space, very nice atmosphere! I've been a customer at their old location for years.  If you like Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food, this is the best place in Wisconsin.  I've had Lamb Subzi, and my girlfriend had Samon, both were excellent.  Also I've tried their appetizers and they're all great.  We'll be back for more!
