2	Expectations. They get you every time.OK - for over a hundred bucks for four of us, one who is a 6 year old and two others who are sharing an entree,I expected so much more.The atmosphere is casual bar and grill, the food is a mishmosh of lots of different things from burgers to fish to pasta, and the bar is the central focal point in the noisy, bustling place. (I am hoping these are not repeat customers, I can't imagine making this a regular stop on my rounds)But the food is just, well, THERE. My mom and I shared the fish entree (Some nut crusted halibut job), which was bland and uninspiring. We opted for onion rings on the side which were greasy and fell apart when we tried to eat them and wound up being this big pile of skinless onions and cornmeal mush that I didnt want to touch with a ten-foot fork. So we decided to order a new side of mashed potatoes to split, and our waitress brought us each a side of mashed potatoes at four bucks a pop. (It appeared that English WAS out waitresses' first language but since we didn't speak "Arrowhead-ese" and pepper our sentences with words like "whatever" and "totally" she may have been thrown off.)On a bright note, the mashed potatoes were very good and appeared to be freshly made. Those were the high point of our visit.Anot her thing I hate about some of these places we try out is that the waitstaff knows very little about the food or beers on tap they are serving and it's a realy crapshoot as to what you are ordering. I know today's girls hate to eat and all that, but seriously folks, when I ask for a recommendation I dont want a blank stare and a shrug! Our server could not tell us whether the beer she was trying to recommend was dark or light. You don't even have to DRINK it to know that - just remember what it looks like!! Also, the glass my beer was served in tasted like windex a little bit. I drained my water glass and poured my beer in there to drink from. God knows I did not want to make any other requests of our server, who up till that time had been confused at least twice by questions or requests we had.My son's grilled chicken sandwich was competent but a bit dry. My husband had some kind of pasta which he liked because it provided him with the 3000 carbohyrates his body requires each day to run effectively. I tasted it and swore Chef Boyardeee had a hand in that creation. The sauce just tased UNNATURAL and possibly canned.I don't think we would go back there unless someone else was paying, and then we would stick to burgers. A guy at the table next to us had a burger that LOOKED really good. (After the debacle with our meal it was all I could do not to plop down in the chair next to him and his wife and ask for a bite!!!)
1	Third time's a charm?  Not in this case.  We gave it a better than normal chance and they blew it almost every time.  Poor (or no) service 2 out of three times.  Although the bus guy from England is very helpful.  Food? Six meals - one fish and chips not bad, but the next time that was horrible too.  Price?  Dollar meal specials would be too high.Choose Chili's.
2	Happy Hour appetizers and beer were decent, especially if you like fried food.  Service was somewhat below average but tolerable.  Staff had no idea what beers were on tap, and the menu had some errors.Great location with good parking.  Don't know how they can screw things up.  Maybe the location is what keeps them in business.
3	You would think that by the name of this restaurant that it would be near water.  Well it's not, but the decor on the inside tries to emulate a fun beachy sort of atmosphere.  I'm guessing the relative closeness of Lake Pleasant inspired the theme of this restaurant.The food is similar to what you would expect at a typical sports bar.  Nothing much really to say but lots of fried items.  The prices really don't match the quality of food you get here.  Don't come here looking for a great meal, maybe something to fill your stomach while watching a sports game.For the area this is a decent place to go watch your favorite sports team as they have many up to date TV's with a wide variety of channels to choose from.
1	There's not many places to go out to eat in the far northwest valley.  My wife and I have stopped in three times hoping for a mediocre meal and passable service just so we don't have to drive 25 miles to find a dinner when we don't feel like cooking.Lakeside is just plain bad.  They serve a variety of foods and are good at preparing none of them.  Sandwiches are on crunchy, burnt (stale?) bread with too little, poor quality meat.  Italian dishes have soggy pasta with flavorless sauces, I've tasted better from a jar - which is obviously where they get theirs.Each time we've been in to try out their not fresh, bland food the restaurant was about 1/3rd full and it took nearly two hours from being seated immediately to getting a check.  We ordered 1 drink each, 1 main and no appetizer or dessert ... I think they have the world's slowest microwaves because that's where the food tastes like it came from, why the wait?
4	Went in last month for the UFC fight (Liddel vs. Franklin(which was an awesome fight)) and at first it was standing room only (got there a little late) but we quickly got a table and it was two of us at first and we were waiting for two other friends.  They sat us in an pretty good spot because we let them know we were there to watch the fights and they have big high-defs strategically set up everywhere you look.  Had a few beers and ordered the Calamari and house salad as appetizers.  I wasn't expecting much out of the salad but it was decent, and the Calamari was quite good.  Our friends came and ordered the Tackle Box which is a plethora of fried foods, they seemed to like it.  The crowd was a bit rowdy at times but nothing unusual.  They have Kona Longboard on tap and being from Hawaii that was a huge plus.  I expect to go to the fights there this Saturday (Lesnar and Carwin) but hope to get there a little earlier!  Our friends told us their Italian food is supposed to be the better of the bunch because the owners are Italian and try to emphasize it more.... maybe some Spaghetti...
4	Stopped in last night with a girlfriend for some eats and beer. We decided to share the Buffalo Chicken Salad and Chicken Quesadilla - both were yummy. Nice to see local beers on tap (Four Peaks Kilt Lifter). Even though I wasn't the one paying, I thought the salad was a bit overpriced. Overall I enjoyed the atmosphere; the bar area is the central focus of the place with plenty of flat screen TV's hanging from the ceiling. Definitely going to take my hubby on a date there soon.
4	Went to lakeside last night for UFC 117 (Silva vs. Sonnen). Our friends had gotten there at six and we arrived at 620, by that time the place was pretty full already. My Dad and I sat down the waitress came and took our order shortly after.  We shared the chips and salsa with guacamole, and the fried calamari once again, I couldn't resist it was so good.  came out with lemon slices and a tasty marinara sauce.  I also liked their salsa for the chips and the guacamole was alright. I drank Longboards, my dad Sprite. The waitress was very good about making sure we never saw the bottom of our glasses, all six of us at the table for that matter. Then by 7 the place was packed, i mean full to the brim, our friend made a comment about if the fire marshall came in right now they would shut it down haha.I am thoroughly impressed by the service despite the huge crowds and it was a relatively quiet crowd up until the main event, which I admit even I couldn't keep quiet ha.
1	AVOID this place at all costs.  I've never been treated so disrespectful in my entire life. Came here last night with 3 friends after having dinner at Squid Ink since it's the only bar in the area.  Ordered a beer for myself and 2 of my friends and was promptly told that in order to get the drinks I would need to surrender my keys.  Ok... I told them and I gave them my keys even though I didn't even bring my car here.  My friends and I ordered shots, then went on the dance floor and goofed around having a good time.  When I went to order another drink I was told by the waitress that I was "too drunk."  "Excuse me?" I asked her, "I've had 2 drinks!"  When I asked for my keys back she just flatly told me, "No." I went to find a manager and a burly doorman asked me what was my "problem." I told him my problem was I was being refused service and I just wanted to get my keys and get out of this crappy bar.  He told me I would get my keys as soon as a cab got here. I told him a cab was on the way, and that never in my life had I been treated like a common criminal for doing nothing wrong!  I told him obviously you people don't want my business and I won't ever return.  That's when the doorman told me, "That's fine, fags like you aren't welcome here." That's when I completely lost my shit.  After the cab arrived I asked for my keys back. I was told, "you're just planning on taking the cab to your car." I told him my car was at home and I needed my keys to get into my house! He finally thew the keys at me and I got the heck out of there.I have no idea where the people come off treating someone like that.  I did nothing wrong and was called a hateful word and was treated like a common criminal. And my tab came to around $25 for 3 beers. Definitely avoid this place.
2	Nutshell by Kelly H.If this place would put as much thought, time and creativity into their food as they did their decor/ambiance, this would be an establishment I could actually eat at. Ok, I have to say something nice, cuz I just do. I would go here to drink. I feel better now.
1	Have been to this place twice.  The first time was for lunch and had the place was empty.  Waited 15 minutes to get a waitress. She finally took our drink order and after 5 more minutes no drinks.  I practically had to trip this girl to get her attention.  Finally she took our food order and the food wasn't even close to being decent.  I thought I'd give this place a second chance assuming one bad experience doesn't mean twice.  Well, I was wrong and the service was terrible on the second trip as it was the first.STAY AWAY from this place... lousy food and worse service.
4	I could decide to go with 3 or 4 stars but to even the other reviews out I rounded up...ha ha.  I think the food is good here, it's not that I have to have it but its decent for the area and its always busy.  I like that it's not a chain and there are specials every day of the week.  I like going Tuesday's for the buy one get one free hamburgers with a friend.  On Thursday's they have free poker where mostly the cheap people show up but there a few normal guys that play.  There were at least 30-35 people playing the one time I went and can you believe I took 2nd place?  Which when it's free means that I get a $15 gift card, woo whoo!  Anyway, I like the decor, the atmosphere and I never had a bad service experience like some other reviewers but then again I don't think of my self as a pain in the ass either.
1	You know, sometimes you just forget where you bought that pair of slacks that fits so good.  And sometimes you forget what an awful experience you had at a restaurant last time.That's us...so fourth time is a never, ever again.  NEVER!Friday night...fish and chips.  We love fish and chips!NEVER, ever again.
3	Pretty typical sports bar type menu, although pasta and fajitas too.  Food is not bad, but not great. Service has always been great.  It's a good, clean environment, but somewhat small for the type of venues they offer (UFC fights, karaoke, concerts, name that tune). We love the location because there aren't many restaurants out this way. If you are out for a casual decent dinner, this is your place. But nothing to write home about.
2	Needing one last drink on a Friday night, we grabbed a table...and waited, and waited.  For fifteen minutes we were completely ignored.  We saw waitresses walk back and forth, but by that time (11:30 PM), they were more interested in hanging at tables talking with friends than picking up any new business, even though they were supposed to be open til 2 AM.  Not all was lost - I was still able to enjoy some semi decent tunes before we got the picture and left.  But not early enough to avoid the x rated entertainment.  Apparently some drunk chick mistook a table and chairs as a mattress and some pillows and thought the thing to do was dry hump and try to undress her date.  And she wasn't cute.  Ick.
4	Been coming here since it's opened and I'm still impressed with the consistency and friendly atmosphere.  Our bartender Lori is always smiling and never ceases to amaze me with her knowledge of cocktail concoctions and ability to make them great.  The food always taste well prepared and fresh, never been disappointed.
4	We were here on a Sunday afternoon, 1st time visit.  GREAT PLACE!Our waiter was a cool dude, actually one of the better waiter's I've ever had.  Recommended the local beer Four Peaks Kilt Lifter, great stuff!We ordered the all you can eat soup and salad, decent price.  I had the soup of the day, a brisket lobster soup (not sure of exact name).  The soup was outstanding!  Caesar salad was also prepared perfectly.  Had wings as an appetizer, about average on the wings meter.  Restaurant was VERY CLEAN throughout.  Lighting and music at a comfortable volume.Greeter wasn't the friendliest, not terrible, just had a bit of an attitude.  But she did ask if we were looking to watch a particular game.  The greeter was really the only negative about our experience.We noticed they were kid friendly.We finished with carrot cake for desert.  As a huge carrot cake fan, this carrot cake rated very high for me.The crowd was classy, and several well placed screens were playing a WIDE VARIETY OF CURRENT GAMES.  Comfortable indoor and outdoor seating options, nice layout.  About 15 minutes from Lake Pleasant, and I did get the feeling of GOOD TIMES LAKE SIDE.{{SIDE RANT}} Regarding some of the negative reviews, it seems that the experience is not the same later at night.  I think in the area after 10 or 11pm this is always going to be the case.  The late crowds want to party like it's Vegas packed clubs out here, but I don't feel this is Lakeside's intention.  Customers should be happy and grateful a bar of such status is open after 11pm in the area.Look at your environment when at Lakeside, be aware of others.  Relax, chill out, enjoy the breeze.  A few jackasses get a few drinks in them, and they bullhorn self centered times.  I recommend taking the high volume drinking, packed club mentality to a more densely populated area of Phoenix.  Or at least go to Brookside in Surprise for that lame crap. {{SIDE RANT END}}KEEP IT CHILL @ LAKESIDE!I plan to return for HAPPY HOUR in the future, 3-7pm drinks half off+.
1	Meat market on the night we went.   A lot of people talking real loud and obvious in the expectations for the night.  I would not go here for a nice dinner out.
1	My family and I have been here a few times. I have never had a good experience, but for some reason we continue to spend our dinners at Lakeside. I guess you call it Applebee's syndrome; you know it is nasty but you keep coming back. After last night, however, I will never be back. We went for "Wacky Wednesday" which promoted $5 specials. The prices are $6. The portions are so pathetic that I am sure this little promo works out in the restaurant's favor. Less food for more money!We also ordered the chips and salsa which provided us with a mentally stimulating family discussion: do you taste mold or disinfectant? We never came to a conclusion because we had our waitress take it away as quickly as possible. They were unable to bring us more because the entire batch tasted like that. Homemade salsa my ass.So Lakeside, you can keep your false promotions, horrible portions, and disgusting salsa.Good thing the service isn't too horrible or you'd really be in trouble.
3	Half price all tap beers for happy hour along with a few appetizers. Big bar.  Potato skins are good.  Fries are very good.  Never had anything else there.Supposed to be great for the games.  Nothing to write home about (only a review, lol) , but I'll be back.
1	me and my fiance have been regulars here for a long time ... the other night we met another couple  out for dinner before hand... decided after that we would have a drink at lakeside .. we mostly go in there for there sunday drink specials and appetizers . so are intentions were to have a few cocktails .. among sitting down ordering us all a round of waters we got apporached by a very rude younger lady, who claimed to be the manager, telling us that they could not serve us because they 'ASSUMED' we were drinking at another establishment prior... we had ONE drink at dinner and by no means were out of controll ... we all were almost in shock and being with my friend who is also a bartender she said that is not a law, and who are they to say that we were even drinking before hand ... when every other person in there was wasted out there minds. i honestly think it was discrimination he apparently didnt like our energetic energy and simply didnt want  us there needless to say us and everyone we have ever referred there will never be back.... what a shame . i have looked and loooked for an email address to contacact a supervisor or owner, the waty we were treated was unexceptable . any help  with anyone knowing or finding a direct e mail for there bar letme know th good luck guys
3	Meh... I went with my family on New Year's Day because it was open.  We are not football people, but this place was packed with somewhat obnoxious fans.  We sat on the patio, which is fairly nice.We had calamari which was some of the BEST I've ever had.  That was the best part of the meal for all of us.  The menu is diverse and not in a good way.  They could have something special here if they focus on something and make it good.Service was slow, as other reviews stated.  We didn't get completely ignored, and I'm sure the waitress was busy with football fans, but still not happy with the server.  I'll only be back if I have to!
3	We used to hang out at this bar/grill all the time because its right down the street.  The fajitas are yummmy but the service sucks.  Let me tell you its expensive!!!  We had some really great food there and the location is convenient but we've had a few problems with the management and staff that we now refuse to frequent this place.  We even been cursed out by their top management for complaining about having a contest that you had to be present to win, they did the drawing and they knew the customer (a regular) that had just left and they called him back to come get his prize.  Of course, the people in our group were upset they did this and only wanted their money back for the contest.  Other people in the bar were upset too.  We were told by one manager if we didn't like it to get the F__K Out.  Yes in those words.  Needless to say that manager got sent home and the replacement manager comped our entire meal/drinks.  So they did the right thing in that case.  Just know when you go here...fair to poor service, good food and VERY expensive!
4	It's basically the only bar near my house.  For that reason alone I like it.  It's the place I go when I need a quick escape.  And when I walk in it's almost as if the theme song from cheers starts playing: "Where everybody knows your naaaame.  And they're always glad you caaaaame"
4	This place always serves up tasty American/pub-style food, with decent service and speed.  The only down-side is they can be pretty noisy because of the sports people yelling at TVs during games, but avoid those times and it's a nice place.  The wings are tasty and there are a few good beers on tap.One of the few places in the area where you can smoke a cigar on the patio.
4	Weve been going here since it opened.  Friday nights are ussually busy with happy hour and all you eat fish friday.  Fish is pretty amazing and noone can top the South Ramp Burger-HUGE!! IF you want a monster hamburger-makes a big mac sad :( you want to order this!  IT has awesome blue cheese and is pretty amazing and see IF you can finsih it??  Also, their mash potatoes w/brown gravy is too die for!!I do have to say though the backup guys-will most likely bring your food out instead of your waitress but their friendly and will bring you whatever condiments you need. Yes there is a bar but there are also tables for families to sit at.  A good mom and pop restaurant :)
3	Food is pretty good here I just had a bad experience with the night bartender. Just rude and unfriendly. I wasn't the only one that noticed this in my party.       You try and go to a bar and enjoy yourself and we did do that but the last person you need to put a damper on the night is the bartender herself.     Oh well I really want to like this place because I don't have many choices in the neighborhood. But the next time I spend a hard earned 100 bucks it won't be here not as long as the service is bad.
5	My husband and I have been going here about once a month since they opened.  We have never ever had bad food or bad service.  We have tried many of the menu item's very very good.  I am not sure what some of these people are talking about.   We were there on Wednesday.  I got a 1/2 lb burger for $6.00.  It was amazing. It can get a tad noisy but it is a sports bar...
5	Our first visit was last Friday at the busiest hour on the busiest day and we were seated within 10 minutes.  The hostesses were wonderful and efficient.  The drinks were cold and delicious.  The service was great and quick and the server was very friendly.  The manager, Clint, was very attentive to everyone in the place and he stopped by our table at least 3 times making sure everything was great as we told him this was our first visit.  We will return often!  Thank you, Clint!BTW... the food was DELICIOUS!
1	Am I obligated to write a decent review for a place that puts Kraft Macaroni & Cheese on the menu? Terrible reviews made me skeptical about the food, Kraft on the menu made me pissed off. Had 2 beers, instead. Get a quality chef in that joint for fuck's sake. What a shame...
5	After 3 visits, I can say what a great place this is.  First visit was for a business meeting/lunch on a Saturday afternoon with about 12 people and the food and service was awesome, but thought OK this could be a fluke, so on visit # 2 I stopped in on a Friday evening and found a little wait if I wanted a table seat, but since I was solo I opted for a seat at the bar and was greeted right away by a friendly outgoing bartender that treated me like I was her only customer and there was a never ending supply of fish as I ordered the Friday Fish Fry - a must try if you are a fish fry guy or gal.  On the 3rd visit , I met a couple of friends for dinner mid week and we were able to be seated right away and had another great round of service with an awesome meal.  I have nothing bad to report about this restaurant, except I don't get out there often enough.   Keep it up.
4	Surprised to see so many poor reviews, recently. I have frequented Lakeside since their opening a couple of years back and nothing much has changed--but they are doing well enough to have recently expanded & bumped their seating space into the next suite and added a lot more televisions with a large variety of programming, which is wonderful!  Still LOVE the decor (the whole "Lake Pleasant:" theme) and the food & drinks are always consistant quality for a "bar & grill".
4	For a long time I was afraid to come here because of the mixed reviews. This is a family friendly sort of sports bar kind of place. It sorts of reminds me of the Ground Round Chain but this is a privately owned place. They offer all the fried goodies and cheesy delights most sports bars have and a mixed menu of family type favorites priced very reasonably. I'm not penalizing them as another Yelper did for the Kraft Mac and Cheese on the menu because it is on the kids menu and is a preferred food to any young child I know. (sadly)I ordered the pecan crusted trout. It came with the nicest freshest vegetables and the fish was over a mound of mashed potatoes that were rich with lots of sour cream and butter. The spicy mango salsa was delicious and the trout seemed fresh , tasty and was prepared perfect. My husband ordered the meatloaf made with angus beef. The plate looked very unattractive but the meatloaf was actually very good with fresh torn sandwich bread threw it.Service was OUTSTANDING!I note the vegetables and potato in my ($ 14. something) meal from here were better and fresher than from  a $34. meal I had not too long ago. My Yelp review 3-2-13.3.75 stars rounded up for value and service.
3	We have our Christmas party here every year and every year it is good food and good service. A bit crowded but given the establishment size that Is not the restaurant's fault.
4	This is my "go-to" dinner spot in the neighborhood. The service is always great and the food is hot and fresh. Our favorites are the fajitas and the french fries. Burgers are solid. I tried the humus the other day and it was delicious. I like the fact that the kitchen staff brings your food out. That way it is always hot. The owners seem to be on site all the time and that makes a big difference.
3	We started going here when it first opened up, a group of friends from work.  Well not so much anymore.  They grew up.  The food and drinks are good.  My personal favorite is the pecan crusted tilapia.  The place is too loud to chat with friends, especially when the band is there.  The service can be slow from time to times.
3	As with a previous reviewer, I was also reluctant to try Lakeside Bar & Grill due to the wide range of reviews. I'm happy to say we were pleasantly surprised with our overall experience. Pretty good atmosphere with interesting decor. Pretty consistent with a sports bar atmosphere. The service was very good by our waitstaff. The food was average for what you would expect for a bar & grill. I had the meatloaf which was OK, not outstanding and not terrible. Our daughters shared the turkey/cranberry sandwich and remarked the cranberry sauce tasted like it came out of a can. Overall, they like it and remarked it was like Thanksgiving on a sandwich. My wife had the coconut shrimp and vegetables. She really enjoyed it, but felt it was not homemade but rather frozen and then fried. The beer was good and cold, and the prices were average. We will be back since the overall experience was positive and the location is so close to our house.
5	Love this place! Awesome staff and great happy hour deals.
1	Unfortunately I am done with this place.  Went last Sunday to meet a friend. When I got there they called me and said they were going to be an hour late.  I mentioned this to the hostess.  Apparently at Lakeside this equals no service until your dining partner shows up.  Host brought one beer.  Complained about service after sitting there for 30 min. Asked for check said server would pick up. They didn't.  They charged me for the $2.50 beer which I thought was tacky.  Left called friend and met somewhere else.  There were 20 people in the place max so there really was no excuse.
4	We go to Lakeside Bar & Grill for the fish fry on Fri. evenings.  Great food, good variety, preparation is very good and priced very fair. Would definitely refer my friends and family.  Our server has been Tiffany the last two times we've been there.  She is great!  She is extremely knowledgeable, knows the menu very well and is very friendly. Always checks to make sure we are happy throughout the meal. Although all of the folks that work there are very friendly and competent.  Great place!!
5	We are locals and have been dining at the Lakeside since the first day of opening.   If you're looking for a great place to eat that offers more than "bar" food then this is the place to enjoy a fabulous meal.  The pasta martini up with olives is to die for!   Great food, service and happy hour specials make us returning customers!
3	We went as a family with two kids...5 and 1.  The kids split a kids meal grilled cheese which was plenty for the two of them.  The grilled cheese was fairly large.  My husband had the meatball sandwich, again very good size, there was enough I could have a little.  I had a Cesar salad which was ok, it didn't taste like it was homemade, more of a bagged mix with bottled dressing, but a good piece of bread came with it.  Their happy hour prices were great.  We were also happy with the beer selection.  It was very busy at 5:30 on a Friday, but with the amount of space they have we were seated right away.
3	This place is your typical bar and grill, nothing too exciting. There's a decent amount of choices, again it's stuff to be expected from most places. I got the coconut shrimp and mashed potatoes with gravy. It wasn't bad, but I've had better. I can see it being a good place to watch a game. There are a lot of big Tv's, but the place isn't super loud which is really nice. The best part about going there was the drink I got, it was the Lakeside Lemonade I think, and it was delicious. I definitely recommend that drink. Overall just an average experience, don't expect to be wowed.
5	Great atmosphere, highly recommend the fajitas!
1	The food here is awful. Got the buffalo chicken wrap and onion rings. The onion rings were not hot and not fresh. The wrap was insanely salty. My husband got a burger and it was pretty obvious they use lowest quality meat. It was not flavorful, dried out, also weirdly salty. The French fries are reminiscent of what was available in the school cafeteria. Service was slow. We had a reservation and knew we had 10 people coming, yet it still took 10 minutes after we showed up to get seated. The place was not busy. The food was over priced for what it was. I would have rather gone to Taco Bell.
1	This is not a gastro pub. The food all tastes as if it was previously frozen. The bread was not baked recently and the fries reminded me of my grade school cafeteria fries. They had a live band playing good songs but not very well done. They have a large selection of booze so if your going to drink and look for cougars that are well past their prime, this is the place for you.
5	This place offers a great atmosphere and food! I always get the meatloaf with gravy and mashed potatoes. It is excellent! I would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a quality meal at a decent price.
4	People bitch about the food but I don't think Lakeside is shooting for upscale cuisine on their menu. It's a bar that happens to serve food. What I do like is:- Dog friendly patio- Cool decor (the owner made the bar & the glider) - Lots of regulars- Kid friendly - Nice staff- In the area -- it's by far the best "bar"!! It has a great neighborhood feel, great patio, fun fun fun place to watch football, and good drink and food specials.
4	Tasty veggie focaccia, fries were great taste and texture. My sister had the buffalo chicken wrap...just the right amount of heat; sweet potatoe fries also very good. We come down every year for vacation & stay near-by. We will definitely be back. Sports bar vibe with good food.
4	I can only reduce by one star, because the food is still great, table service is still great, entertainment (team trivia) is awesome... but they have this one bartender who seems like she has been there forever, and she gets every good shift...  Maybe she knows the owners... In any case, she is really slow.  She's a nice person but not cut out for bartending. On a busy night, expect to wait a LONG time for drinks, unless you know her personally. Now they are training a new young girl who is already three times faster.  We are literally waiting for the other one to retire, so we can really enjoy this place.........
3	Most, if not all my visits are fine here at Lakeside Bar and Grill. Tonight the food was mostly very good, but was lacking in a few small ways. Wings - not enough wing sauce. They did come out crispy which is what I asked for, but that doesn't mean I don't want buffalo sauce. If the request confounds you, please ask for clarification. Beer - First beer came out promptly and cold!  Then later I ordered a refill but had to flag down another server (twice) to get the beer and other items I needed.  Kudos to her for showing concern!Entree - the Salmon was perfectly prepared and very delicious, but literally had no dressing on the salad. Granted it is listed as a "low cal" option on the menu, but the dressing on the lettuce was non-existent. It was also missing several ingredients that the menu said would be on it. This is why I flagged down the other server again.Our server was very pleasant and courteous, but too many long gaps in service tonight. This place is right near my home, so I am writing this in hopes they will tighten up on these suggestions and pay more attention to the little things and the service from the staff.
4	Usually good food and good service.  Ate there on Easter (one of the few places open) and had the Fajitas.  Have to say they were some of the best I have ever had.  Better than most Mexican Restaurants.
3	Last night we were in the mood to give Lakeside Bar another try. Overall it was a much better experience service-wise, except for one significant thing; portion size. My wife ordered the Lake Shape Salad with the Salmon. I ordered the Sweet Retreat Salad with the Salmon. My wife's portion of Salmon was literally 2 1/2 times the size of what I was served. Mind you, they were both prepared wonderfully, but I was just very disappointed with the portion size. I wish I had identified myself to the manager who offered to "take care of our dinner" after my last review. Not wanting to seem like I was looking for a freebie, we just paid and left.
3	Was very regular here for months, and still think it is a nice little hangout.  About the only thing that drove me "into the arms of another" is the food.  It's not bad, it's just very average and it's easy to see there is an abundance of pre-prepared items.  A couple dishes here would bump  to the 4th star, but most need to be rated honestly at 3.  Another thing that prevents me from giving a higher rating is the liquor selection.  The mainline brands are covered, but you won't see much in the premium lines.  In all fairness, that may not be the client Lakeside is looking for, but for me, life is too short to ignore the top shelf.On the plus side- service is always terrific by the waitstaff.  Management does not present a welcome demeanor though- for as many times as I have visited, rarely spending less than about $80, I never had an encounter with management- if only to ask how things were.  So...plus/minus.Another plus was the screening of UFC fights.  These nights are where my group would really spend.  The prior paragraph applies here too.Lakeside could easily improve and noticeably so.  I really think they should ramp things up.  There are new options in the area now, and they may be forced to up their game a bit.  I'd hate to see them close down, though I'm sure the local regulars won't let that happen.
5	I HIGHLY recommend this place. I have been here a couple of times and had a good experience but there is not a lot on the menu for me as I am a vegetarian. Tonight, I mentioned to our waiter, after ordering only dessert, that they should really get a veggie burger of some sort on the menu. He then mentioned it to the manager who came over and talked to me about what sort of veggie burger I was thinking and then disappeared into the back. Next thing I know he came out with a house made veggie burger patty that the chef whipped up in very little time with what he already had in the kitchen. I have been a vegetarian for 12 years. This is one of THE BEST veggie burgers I have ever had. I, and my parents, gobbled that up quick. Then the chef came out with the manager to talk to me (pretty awesome), get my opinion on it. Two thumbs up for sure! Next they brought out the veggie burger patty with bun and toppings and sauce to see how I thought that was. The sauce was amazing. The way he made it up with all the toppings was amazing. So amazing that I ate the onions, I do not even like onions. Seriously, if you are a vegetarian, or not, ask for this. This is some of the most amazing service I have received at a restaurant ever. The staff is super friendly, the chef is amazing, the food is delicious. What is not to like?!
3	Lakeside seems to be more inconsistent lately. It still has a great menu but the Service and cooking are starting to slip.i don't see the owners on site any  more. Last night my salad was drenched in water and the hot pastrami sandwich was just not up to par. Wings are still great.
4	Had a great time here!
3	Came here with the family yesterday for the all you can eat fish fry.  The fish was decent.  The fries a little soggy.  My two littles had a hamburger and chicken tenders and they did enjoy their meals.  The food wasn't the reason for the 3 stars - our waitress was.    She seemed to not really care how we were doing at all.  In fact, she rolled her eyes when I asked for a water (we ordered a beer as well) and rolled her eyes AGAIN when I asked for more tartar sauce.  Maybe that's just her regular face, who knows.  We will try it out again, hopefully with some better customer service next time.
4	Although it is bar food, it is good bar food.  The service is good.  There are plenty of great beers on tap.  There is a patio that is cigar friendly.  The wings are good.  The servers will change the station with a smile.  It is a fun environment.  We go once or twice a month.
3	Lakeside has been a top spot for me and my family to go to for the last few years. The food is wonderful and happy hour prices can't be beat! About a month ago we started playing trivia on Wednesdays and had a blast. Great food deals as usual. Although trivia was a blast, service during our trivia playing time was less than satisfying. We now typically come in on a Tuesday or Sunday night with the kids and things have been great. We have also came in for their fish fry special several times and were very pleased with the food and service on Friday nights.
1	This place refused to serve me after 1 beer. This place is a joke and should go out of business already.
5	I don't know why this place gets such a low rating. This is my third visit and so far my experience has been positive. Why?? 1) great service, 2) open for breakfast on weekend ( you can watch Sunday morning games and eat breakfast ++++) 3) great Bloody Mary 4) awesome wings and you can opt for grill vs fried 5) The best, I repeat , the BEST French fries ever (IMO)
4	Always great service! I always get the Just a Burger and fries! Wednesday night its discounted. Fun and exciting environment. Definately recommend.
5	Still love this place! Awesome service! Food is A plus ( for a picky eater ME :-) Sunday special is great with all you can eat salad and soup for $7.99, $3 Mimosa and Bloody Mary They also have a menu under 500 calories. Still the BEST wings and fries (really)
5	This restaurants customer service was really nice! I tried the Baked Potato Soup and it was so amazing and very light tasting and not heavy on the stomach. I also had the Chicken Cesar Wrap. I really like the scene and the food. I had an over all great experience and would go again!
