2	gets a resounding meh.it's beautiful inside and the staff is nice but the food is standard, slightly better than average mexican food, and it's way over pirced.
2	still gets two stars.  I really think the food will get better with time.  i really want to like this place.  Tonight we had chips and salsa with salsa gringo and salsa rojas, both of which were completely bland.  :(the taco shells are GROSS.  Its like they took a flour tortilla, and fried it long enough for it to be soggy and soft but still full of fat.  it was just gross.  the carne asada tacos were extremely bland and when it was served they were SWIMMING in black bean juice so it was a soggy mess.  fortunately i dont hate black beans, so i was ok.  my friend got the tofu tacos which were EXTREMELY bland, but she loved them.the high point of my evening, maybe my week, was the Yinzerita.  get the mango yinzerita--it was DELICIOUS and i was ROCKED.The atmosphere is great, the food just straight up sucks.  the drinks are good, so this would be a good happy hour spot.
2	I was so excited to see a Mexican place open up in the heart of Shadyside, but wow was I let down.  First and foremost, the location/environment/ambience/decor of this place is fantastic.  The split level structure, open to the outside as well as the roof top deck are all amazing.  Now for the negatives...The bar service though was somewhat mediocre.  Yes, it was kind of busy, but it seemed like they were staffed with plenty of employees and should have been able to do a more efficient job of handling the flow of patrons.  The food was somewhat bland.  No complementary chips were provided.  Not a huge fan of their traditional guac as it really lacked the taste of true avocados, and could probably benefit from more garlic and salt.  The veggie burrito was quite bland and lacking enough beans and veggies.  It really tasted like fast food.  I suppose the food was reasonably priced, but I've had better for the amount I paid.Unless you're in the area and are dying for a margarita or something, I would just come here for drinks and just skip the meal.  There is better Mexican food to be had in this town.
3	I had the fish and tofu tacos for lunch. They use corn tortillas, which I respect. The fish was good and the tofu mixture was interesting, but the tacos were not particularly great.  The location seems good though. The bar has a lot of space around it, and I assume the patio is quite nice.
3	I will preface this with the fact that we went at the height of the day during the Shadyside Arts Festival so it was *very* busy. They had difficulty getting our order straight. The chips and salsa we ordered came with the wrong salsa and we didn't particularly care for it...too smokey, no tomatoes (or no discernible tomatoes). My husband stressed that he wanted the chicken burrito (I say *stressed* because they came back to verify that's what he ordered before putting the order in) but he got a steak burrito instead. I had the carnitas burrito (pork) and it was quite tasty. We did enjoy the burritos, albeit he was served the wrong one. The bill we received stated something entirely different .... two poblano burritos with cheese or something like that, but it had our drink order right.  So maybe they do better on a less busy day but in reading the other reviews, I'm not quite sure of that.
2	Oh man, I wanted to like this place so hard for multiple reasons: Mexican food is one of my top three favorite types of cuisine, they have rooftop seating (score!), it's affordable eats in Shadyside - ohmuhgawd!We visited during the Shadyside Arts Festival, which was a bad move on our part. Everything in Shadyside was crazy packed. However, we weren't in a rush to get anywhere so that didn't bother us too much. We put our names on a the list for a table and the wait was only about 15-20 minutes. Unfortunately, they seated us at a table that had a speaker situated about 2 feet above it. As loud as they were playing their music, this was not cool. I saw a couple leaving the bar so we snagged their seats instead.The bar area is neat and reminds me of one of my favorite bars back in Florida (Monkey Bar in Orlando!). The open air design is very nice. The bar was packed, which was not surprising as it definitely has the best seats in the house, besides the rooftop.I've read and heard of others complaining about the service and it was no different when we visited. My boyfriend had actually come earlier in the week and said there was barely anyone there and the service still was incredibly slow. So there's that.I decided to start off with a mojito, one of my favorite drinks. This place goes down as making probably the second worst mojito I've ever had. There was so much club soda! It's just supposed to be a splash! *sigh*We put in orders for carne asada tacos, Pescado tacos, and the roja salsa and chips. The salsa was just straight up awful. I don't know what they do to it, but I have never had salsa that bad. I asked one of the bartenders to take it off for us because neither one of us would be eating it.I was delighted to see that they make most of their food authentically: cilantro, queso fresca, salsa, etc. Sadly, the steak in my tacos was way overdone. It was crunchy. They should also greatly consider double wrapping their shells. While tasty, those things do not hold up at all. It's no fun eating a taco with a fork. My boyfriend said his mahi mahi tacos were super delish and they looked it. Whatever they do to the black beans is to die for and the spanish rice was really good. However, I don't think they'll be knocking off Round Corner Cantina for good, authentic Mexican food for me (and it's cheaper!). Pros: great bar area, would be fantastic for hanging out and having drinksCons: slow service, so-so food
4	Not bad.  Not bad at all!I think you kinda expect a restaurant like this to be more of a hangout place than anything else.  I mean, they offer margarita's with beer bottles stuck out the side of them!  How do you take that seriously?!I can tell you how.  By the quality of their roja (roma) tomato salsa, which I could not get enough of.  Or their (Camarones) shrimp taco's, which I ate every bite of.  Or their black beans, which I never usually touch, that I ate half of (big feat I know!).Although delicious, my pineapple cocktail probably could have been non-alcoholic with the amount of liquor included.  I might order a marg next time, or perhaps just a brew.  Or both, apparently!Sure, maybe it looks a bit like they've replicated a Mad Mex, but it's a Burgh staple, how can you not?  Add in the huge rooftop balcony, toted s the highest in Shadyside, and I'm a happy little burrito.  I believe that means I'm wrapped in a warm embrace of delicious Mexican food and I'm happy!
2	Due to accessibility I've been back twice to Steel Cactus and my consensus is just meh for meals but great for drinks and chips. The first time we sat at the bar. Ordered chips and queso and a beer, which was thumbs up. I like how their chips are seasoned. I ordered the chicken tacos but the food lacked flavor. The chimichanga dessert though was the bomb! The second time we ordered chips and guacamole traditional, which was (standard) delicious. I wasn't that hungry so I ordered the salmon and pineapple ceviche and I was not a fan at all. The ceviche was a big bowl of mush by the time I received and the flavors did not meld well together. Also we tried to order Dos Equis on draft but there was something wrong with the tap that made it taste like a completely different beer. And while the waitress didn't charge us for that draft beer she handed us a bottle of Dos Equis and charged us for that, as oppose to asking if we wanted another type of beer. What a bummer as had high hopes for Steel Cactus.
2	I guess I can't really be surprised that a restaurant like this butchered Mexican food.  After all, it is more Americanized Mexican food than anything.  If you like Qdoba or Chipotle, then you'll be fine here.  Otherwise, you'll be pretty disappointed.I ordered the Carne Asada Burrito.  It had obvious fillers like black beans and rice but I wanted to give it a shot.  The meat tasted pretty good.  But it was overpowered by black beans and rice.We also ordered a Chicken Quesadilla.  It didn't differ from my burrito all too much because all I tasted was black beans.Worst part about this place are the tables.  The tables have holes all over them to mimic holes in wood.  Looks great except we find bits of old and new food in all the holes.  How disgusting is that?My friends said the drinks were good but how bad can any place mess that up?  Overall, it's an ok spot to hang out and talk.  The hostess was nice and the waitress was good.  I had no problems with service.  If you like the Qdoba and Chipotle type Mexican food then you're fine here.  I don't really feel compelled to come back or give it another try.
4	The renovations to what was there before are amazing. Tried the mimosa brunch this weekend - was great and a breath of fresh air to those of us living in Pittsburgh who prefer liquid brunches.Service was great (an improvement from the time before.)
2	It was a very lively atmosphere, but got a little loud and we found it hard to carry on a conversation even when we were sitting right next to each other.  Our waiter was very nice, and attentive, and our food and drinks came quickly.  The margaritas were a little sweet for my taste, and we were disappointed that we couldn't get a frozen margarita in any flavor except mango...not even a classic lime.  The salsa and queso was delicious, and the chicken tacos were good, but my food was lukewarm when it got to the table.  Overall, I'd go back for an early evening happy hour, or try out the lunch menu.
2	Stupendously unexciting Tex-Mex fare. The Yinzerita's are awesome.
3	The place is a decent spot for a quick drink in the neighborhood mainly especially during the summer time.  The rooftop patio is very nice and makes a nice little bar.  Bar-tending service could be better though.Food wise is nothing extraordinary.  It is a decent place to eat; nothing authentic of course - more like Mad Mex type of food.  I would not recommend it for taking there someone to impress but it is definitely a nice hang-out place.
1	Would give this place zero stars if that was an option. My experience. We ordered a couple of their high-end margaritas. When the bartender finished making them together in the same shaker and came up short on one glass what did he do? Make another one then top it off? No he simply topped off the short margarita with triple sec....nice....  two of the same drink, looking completely different, and one tasting terrible.  Did not stick around for more.  Another Shadyside loser.
1	I would not recommend going to Steel Cactus, unless you're just having drinks on the rooftop.  I went to dinner with 10 of my friends on Saturday night and we all had an awful experience.Ambiance - the decor is nice...very modern, clean, and urban though it is quite possibly the loudest restaurant I have been to in Pittsburgh.  Granted it was a Saturday night, but we were forced to scream at one another just in our normal conversations.  Service - given our large party size, we should have had 2 servers, though we had one frazzled and sadly under-trained waitress.  Steel Cactus also doesn't seem to have busboys, which would improve this experience.  It took us about 20 minutes to get drinks - and I'm talking about water and Diet Cokes in addition to margaritas.  Also I ordered a bottle of wine that never came (in fact the server just disappeared and forgot about it altogether)...the only saving grace was that it didn't appear on my bill. Food/Drinks - half our table liked their margaritas, while several others sent theirs back as they were terrible.  I got a vodka and soda and the soda was flat...and even their beers on tap were flat, so I think they just had issues that night.  I had a carne asada steak, which for $12.50 was a steal, but you could tell that it was old poor quality meat that was graying on the counter prior to it being cooked.Overall, I wouldn't go back to Steel Cactus as there are better venues with mediocre/good Mexican food and better service and ambiance like Round Corner Cantina or Verde.
1	the food just keeps getting worse and the other day there was a three hour wait.  never going back.
3	I really wanted to like Steel Cactus.  The decor is really nice, it has a great semi-open bar with a nice view of Walnut Street.  And... that's about all it has going for it.  When I walked in the hostess was nowhere to be found so I seated myself at the bar.  The bartender very begrudgingly took my order, and about 15 minutes later I was treated to 3 very bland tacos.  They were only served with raw onions and cilantro.  No tomatoes, sour cream, cheese, or any sides.  Way overpriced and underwhelming.  Such a shame, it seemed so nice!
1	This place sucks. Food sucks and well drinks are watered down. Waiters are slow, bouncers have something up their butts...you're not a real cop so relax! And the prejudice vibe, ugh people c'mon get over yourselves already.
2	Back to Mad Mex.
3	I've been here a few times now for the late-night scene, but had held off on coming in for the food because I had heard it wasn't that great and I wanted to give them a chance to work out their kinks. I came in for lunch this past Friday, and had the same sentiment as the people I had talked to. I feel like my experience at most Mexican restaurants can be predicted by my experience with the guacamole, and this held true at Steel Cactus. The gauc was neither good nor bad - while the avocado seemed fresh, the flavor wasn't great, and the guac itself was pretty bland. I had the soup of the day - Lobster Bisque - as that is one of my favorite soups. There was quite a bit of lobster in it, but the flavor was lacking. I also had the chance to try the Chicken Soup, which had a bit of a kick, but I still wasn't particularly impressed. The Veggie Burrito was decent, although again, nothing that left me wanting me. All of that being said, I would still come back because the venue is so incredible. They have done a great job renovating the place. The rooftop is amazing and they have now winter-proofed it to a degree so they can keep it open as the weather changes. The bar is also very unique and decorated nicely. Although I was a bit disappointed in the beer selection, they have a full bar.
3	I really think this place is A-OK food wise.  I ordered the Chorizo tacos.  Now I love my Mexican food, and these were pretty close to authentic.  I was pleasantly surprised!   Can't beat the outdoor deck upstairs and the open windows on the main level during warmer days.  Overall, a great addition to Walnut Street.
4	My boyfriend and I tried this place out last week, and were pleasantly surprised. I was a little thrown off by the reviews, but it seems like the place is new, so with any new restaurant there are kinks to work out. The spicy Guacamole was really good, and they killed it when it came to the tortilla soup. I was also a big fan of the shrimp tacos, the taquitos, and the dips...I'm a sucker for a good queso! The space is great, I love the metal lamps downstairs and the rooftop patio is great. Sadly we don't live in the area but this will no doubt be our go-to whenever we're in town.
1	This place is just awful and over priced.  It is well decorated and feels upscale, but don't be fooled.  the overpriced food has no flavor.  My wife and I went to lunch here today, paid $45 and we didn't even get drinks.  Wish I had my money back.
2	A nice joint with high tables, provided that you like TVs in every direction - I assume a good place to watch sport. Foodwise, it's not very impressive. My pulled pork tacos were not bad, but they were bland. The beer menu is decent, but not very large (so I went for a dogfish). I may be back, perhaps for a drink.
4	Hello all,I've had the opportunity to visit three times so far and all experiences did not disappoint. The food quality is fantastic. It's great authentic food for a GREAT value. The Salmon and Tuna Ceviche is the best. And, the Carne Asada is very tasty and well prepared. My colleagues at my third visit had the Blackened Mahi Mahi and were indeed satisfied. I had a taste ant it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.The service has been on par at every visit, particularly my second visit. This was a group birthday dinner on a Friday night. The guest of honor was running late and the host staff were very gracious enough to offer their office to store our many birthday gifts until all guests arrived. They also offered a better table that would meet our needs.So, after three visits, when I am in Shadyside and hungry, I look forward to dining at Steel Cactus.Colleen C.
1	I was hoping for a light dinner tonight, but the service was a joke. There were only 2 other tables occupied on the main floor.. I was seated and then ignored completely. After 15 minutes, I left. A server and the hostess who seated me smiled as I left and said, "have a good night." What the...??
4	MUCH BETTER!After yelping about a few awful experiences I'd had at Steel Cactus my friend and I were invited to come back and try the food again after they'd had some time to work out the kinks in the kitchen.  It was GORGEOUS outside (last Tuesday, pre hurricane) and we were seated under the new roof.  The atmosphere was very cool and there's a pretty rad fan they have going over the bar that kind of gives the deck a cozy industrial vibe.  Is that possible?  It might not be, all I know is it looked cool and I liked it.When we were seated the table next to us was RAVING about their food, so much so I thought someone must have been rude to the waitress and was trying to make up for it or something, but then the I overheard the one girl say the fajitas changed her life, so at that point I was pretty much set on fajitas.Our server, Alex, was really nice.  We started out with the chipotle salsa and chips.  I've NEVER had a salsa that tasted like that, and it was AWESOME.  It almost tasted like it was made from green tomatos or tomatillos.  It was somehow sour, and sweet at the same time w a kick from the chipotle.I am pretty much obsessed with it.  Its so good I'm convinced it could cure cancer, and I swear after eating it my skin was clearer, my hair looked inexplicably awesome, and my dining companion was 50% more handsome.This may also have been because I'd had a yinzerita.  Those things are fantastic, but one will get you wasted so be careful, it is a sipping tea!  The fajitas were excellent, the girl sitting to my left didn't lie!  The best part about the fajitas were the roasted red peppers that came with it.  My friend had the chicken enchiladas and he thought they were excellent.  They were pretty good.The only thing about Steel Cactus is all the food is pretty salty, so you may want to go easy on the hot sauces so as not to overwhelm the food completely.Otherwise, it was great.  The manager came out and told us about some of the changes the kitchen has made and they really have come a long way since opening weekend.I look forward to going back.Try the chipotle salsa!
4	I was really impressed by both the food and the drinks.  They serve the best margarita in Pittsburgh.  They food was deliciously prepared  and rather authentic.  The staff was attentive and knowledgeable.
4	I enjoyed the pork tacos here and the mango signature drink (perfect for people who like fruity/sweet drinks like me). The salsa was also really good. I'll be back to try more, but I did enjoy my first experience so I'm giving it 4 stars for now.
4	On a nice day Steel Cactus is pretty legit, not gonna lie.Hanging out on Walnut Street in Shadyside requires a certain fortitude and Steel Cactus delivers it!! I came in and posted up with a few friends at a table right by the bar and closest to the open windows allowing one to see Walnut street. On my particular visit, the iPhone 5 was being released, so it was fun looking at all the Apple peeps waiting in line to get their hands on the newest parcel of apple products. I went with the Yinzer Margarita that comes with an upside down bottle of Corona in a giant margarita glass. It was mois bien. For the fare, I went with the Mahi Tacos, or some kind of fish tacos, and they were spot on. Just as good if not better than Mad-Mex that's for certain.I'll be back Steel Cactus. You can count on that...
3	A group of us went to the Steel Cactus last Saturday for an early dinner.  While a few friends had already been to the restaurant, I was a newbie and was pleasantly surprised by the decor and atmosphere.  The restaurant patronage was somewhat sparse and they seemed really, really overstaffed (three hostesses??), but I suppose they were anticipating a later dinner rush.When we arrived, we asked for a table for five people and I'm not sure if the hostess has issues with judging sizes or what, but she put us in a booth that was clearly made for four people.  It was a little disappointing to look at the big, empty booth right next to us for our entire meal whilst one of our party was forced to sit in a chair on the end of a rounded table...Anyway, the waitress was nice and we placed orders for our food.  I personally was not disappointed in the nachos I orded (HUGE!), but some of us whom ordered meals were a bit disappointed by their portions.  I tasted everybody's food and while it was good, I can't say that there was anything spectacular about any of the food.  The fish tacos were extremely bland.Of course, I would go back to the Steel Cactus and try some of their other options, but overall for their pricing and what I've already tried, I can't say I'm going to go into with the highest of expectations.
3	Gave it a second try after Michele w/Steel Cactus's management group invited us back to actually try the food. Thank you, Michele! This time service was extremely attentive and orders were filled accurately. Guac was very tasty! Veg entrees are a little limited and not creative, but the food seemed fresh.
2	This place just keeps getting worse each time I visit.  It's not authentic Mexican food at all, nor is it fresh.  Save your money and go somewhere else, unless you would just like a drink.  I do like the atmosphere here though.  However, the food is horrible.
3	It's impossible to go into Steel Cactus for the first time without comparing it to a well-loved Pittsburgh staple, Mad Mex.  Things that I prefer about Steel Cactus:-Happy hour.  I almost don't want to mention it here so it doesn't get crowded, but they pour a hefty glass of wine for just $3. Other drinks are also reasonably priced and the appetizers are 1/2 off.  It's great.-Service.  I've sat at both the bar and dining area, and the service was great at both locations.  It did take a while for drinks to come out, but our food was served right away.-Tacos.  They double-wrap their tacos, and I think the use a corn tortilla instead of a flour one.  Delicious.Steel Cactus can improve on a few things:-Menu.  It's not a huge menu, which I usually prefer, but I wish there were more vegetarian options.  The tacos were good though.  The guacamole was just okay.  They had a great choice of salsas, and the one we had (there was corn in it! was great).-Drinks.  I had a regular margarita on the rocks and it wasn't the best.  My friends' specialty cocktails were also on the sweet side.I'm not giving up on Steel Cactus just yet.  Their happy hour is great and I still have to try their other 4 salsas!
4	The tacos I had here were decent and reasonably authentic. I sampled a few other food items which were also fairly tasty. The margarita was fine although nothing special... They have a nice rooftop deck which is open in nice weather and covered in the winter.
4	Very cool! I loved the two floors especially the top floor. Just didn't like the yinzerita. I hate beer so when my friend brought me that was all beer and a tiny bit of purple slush i wasn't thrilled. But very cool spot with nice vibe in Shadyside.
4	I love me some good Mexican food.  And this place didn't disappoint.We must have been here on an off night.  Place wasn't too crowded so that meant we got stellar service from the moment we walked in the door until we left for the night.  For not being here before, the staff were patient enough to take time and point out a few suggestions on the menu before I opted for the Pollo Queso Burrito.  The poblano/chocolate salsa that came with it, amazing.As we waited for our food to arrive, I browsed over their drink menu and decided to go with their take on a classic, a margarita.  Typical margarita with the top shelf stuff, the first sip made me feel all warm and fuzzy, so I knew that meant the rest of the drink would do me good.  The wait staff were totally on point.  Never faulting when it came to our order, even when I requested no salt on my glass rim for the Margarita, she took it back and got me another.  She even had some time to chat with us as we waited for our food.  Even when we were done with our food and requested to leave it there as we stepped outside, she was fine with that and ensured that it would remain there until we got back.  There was just one downside.  The table.  I mean I liked the way they looked, rustic and unique.  But cleaning them has to be a difficult task.  I only say that because when I put my hand down on the table I somehow got a piece of glass stuck in one of my fingers.  But our server came to the rescue almost immediately with a band-aid in hand.All in all, it was a great experience and I'm sure to return again.
2	I graduated from Pitt a few years ago and came back to my old stumping grounds in Shadyside. Anyway, this place was new so I figure I would give it a try.First, the drinks barely have any alcohol. My mango margarita tasted like juice, with a little drop of tequila. Second, the food isn't that good. Ordered a chicken quesadilla that had to be sent back because the chicken was undercooked.Service is good though. This place would be cool in the sumer.
4	Hipper than Chipotle, but more of a straight shooter than Mad Mex.  Cool tin ceilings, massive tables with inlaid steel cactii and simple but well prepared tex mex make this a worthy alternative to other Shadyside Mexican options.  My only complaint is, the food can take a while to be prepared, but it's a price I'm happy to pay to get everything made fresh and hot.  Steel Cactus is particularly good during early and late night happy hours where you can get great drink specials, $2 tacos and $5 for GINORMOUS juicy burritos.  Steel Cactus, welcome to the neighborhood, we're glad to have you!
4	the ceviche is HUGE!!!  One of the best happy hours around!!!
4	Last week we went for a quick lunch. Fish Tacos and Mahi Mahi entrees were fantastic. Even better, our server/bartender, Amber was a joy. Keep up the good work.
1	I've never felt more disrespected in my life. The security guard outside of the restaurant was rude, inappropriate and incredibly racist and I will never return to this restaurant again. I hope you don't support this behavior either.
5	My organization hosted an event at Steel Cactus last night. Michelle is the event manager, and she was awesome! The staff was incredibly accommodating and friendly. My friends and I had dinner there before, and the food was also excellent. That sweet corn and roasted tomato salsa is DELICIOUS! Also, I do not like spicy food and the waitress was able to pick out something for me that I would enjoy. We had a wonderful time, and would definitely recommend this place to anyone hosting an event. Incredible service, friendly staff, and good food and drinks! Way to go, Steel Cactus! I will definitely be back!
3	I live close to this place and have gone a few times. The food is okay, nothing special or authentic. The atmosphere is fun with good open air space in nice weather. However, my biggest beef is with the strength of the drinks. I ordered $10 pitcher of margaritas and they were pretty much juice. It might be a better idea to just order beers here because if you're looking for some Mad Mex strength margaritas you aren't getting them here.
1	Yesterday we had a group of almost 20 people at the upstairs bar. I have never been treated so rude. The female bartender was so miserable and did not want to do her job. I asked for a Yuengling draft...she said they were out and walked away. Then I had to get her attention again and ordered a Blue Moon draft and she said we don't have it in draft, its not even up there (pointing to the drafts). It was clearly labeled with the other draft beers. Again she walked away. My friend then ordered a Margarita and she glanced down and said they don't have any glasses for it AND WALKED AWAY AGAIN without asking what else she could get us. When I asked her if she was making the drink she practically yelled saying "I TOLD YOU WE HAD NO GLASSES". Another bartender came over to us and I ordered a Blue Moon draft and he got it for me with no problem while I watched other people drinking Margaritas. I was so disappointed in the service and disrespect we received. I liked the bar but will never recommend it because of that one bartender
3	First entering the restaurant you get a pretty cool vibe of the atmosphere with dark colors, bright lights, interesting tables and designs and music at a loud but good volume. We went on a Friday night, and it seems to be a popular choice, so for the weekend seems like a good place to hang out not necessary a sit down dinner. Service was quick in asking what we would like to drink. On a side note, it is interesting for a Mexican Cantina to have a low selection of Mexican beers, and being hispanic and new here from California it is sad when the waitresses has trouble pronouncing them, not to say she wasn't nice, our waitress was very friendly. For the meals, the menu was a bit limited, pretty much tacos and burritos were the option to eat with a couple different selections. Missing an assortment of authentic meals that come to mind. We ended up ordering a Mango and Shrimp civiche appetizer which tasted a bit different from normal civiche but it was definitely a flavorful experience. After looking over the menu, we ended up going for the shrimp and Carne Asada meal and what I believe called the chicken burrito de muerte (named for its "spiceyness"). The food was from ok to pretty good. The Carne Asada plate has very good sauce poured on top of the shrimp and steak and it overall was cooked great and tasted wonderful, For some reason they grilled onions and left a big pile on one side of the plate, kind of confusing, didn't seem to go with the carne asada or the mexican rice with the plate, maybe a better idea if they chose to put a side of beans instead. The burrito was stuffed with rice and cheese, and could have used a lot more shredded chicken but it has a good taste. Came with chipotle sauce and sour cream. And for being a burrito de muerte, I sensed no spice at all, this opinion seconded by my pregnant wife. Though the chipotle was delightful. Of the three options for dessert, we went with the deef fried banana cheesecake with vanilla ice cream. The appearance was nice and totally through us off, we thought we were served chimichangas. Ended up the dessert was great! Very sweet and flavorful, went great with the ice cream. Overall with a great atmosphere and shopping near by, I would suggest coming for sit down dinner or lunch during the week. I cant say about going out for a beer or to hang out, but by the appearance of the crowd and the vibe of everyone, seems like a good choice. If you want AUTHENTIC, this is not the place to go. BUT it is good food and good prices. Appetizer, dinner for two, dessert, and drinks came out to a little more then $50.
3	I've been back quite a few times for happy hour and I do have to say that I am liking Steel Cactus more and more for that.  I did order soup yesterday and it took almost 5 minutes to get a spoon for it because apparently the waiter didn't actually have access to the soup spoons and had to get one from the kitchen.  It's ok though because it wasn't particularly good (cold or warm) anyway.  Another thing I would like to see is some consistency.  The PIC and I order pretty much the same things when we go there, but each time the dishes are different.  Do the nachos come with black beans or was that a mistake this time?  How do I get a little cup of chopped up jalepenos once and the next time I get whole ones?  Why do I get a different salsa each time?  It's all very confusing.There is one thing that will make me give this place an extra star - get some darned refried beans on that menu!
4	I was really afraid to come here after reading the reviews about the service, but we tried it nonetheless and I was very pleasantly surprised. The first thing I appreciate about this place is how every design detail has been thought of. As a detail person I can so appreciate that. Lighting fixtures, tables, chairs, the stairs, the wall along the staircase, the open air windows in the warmer weather, the music... This place definitely has an ambience and I dig it.We got here just before 5 on a Saturday night (tonight, actually), and it wasn't too crowded or too empty. Our waitress, Megan, was absolutely great. Knowledgeable about drinks and food, and on top of everything. We were never waiting around for her to come back which is such an awesome thing. We were still looking over the menu twice when she came back and most waiters get miffed and ignore you for a while when you get to talking with your party instead of reading over the menu (the nerve!), but this girl was back in just the right amount of time. I've never done it, but I'm sure waiting tables is a frustrating azz job, so I can appreciate someone who does it well.Anywho, on to the food. I ordered the Taco Burrito and I'm not sure I've ever made a better decision. I love tacos. I love burritos. Combine the two and I'm pretty much really excited. The beef was seasoned deliciously, the rice was tasty, there was cheese and beans, sour cream and lettuce and diced tomatoes. I'm the kind of person who just keeps going 'Mmmmm' with delight when something tastes good and YO that was happening with this burrito. It was a little messy to eat since the sour cream, lettuce and tomatoes were on the side, but I'm sure it's so the lettuce doesn't get soggy and the sour cream doesn't melt all over. I'd still devour another one gladly, messy hands and all. The more I think about it the more I decide that I'll be returning for another burrito when the craving strikes. For some reason it's so hard to get a decent ground beef burrito and I'm so glad to have found this one. Am I sounding like a whack job? SHUP it was just a really good burrito, okay? The rest of my par-tay was very pleased with their meals as well (another burrito and tacos were ordered), and they were raving about their margs, which were on special for $5 for cinco de mayo weekend.My only advice on this place (other than ORDER THE FRIGGIN TACO BURRITO)  is to avoid it at all costs after 8 PM. It seems to get boisterous from what I can tell walking by on an evening stroll. Unless you're looking to get belligerent on Yinzeritas. Then this place will be perfect for you.Oh oh oh and also, I did want to comment on the staff's garb. I think it's a requirement to wear short shorts for the female waitresses, which I find pretty distasteful but, um, America, eff yeah, or something like that. Just wanted to note that as an interesting observation.
2	Their chips are horrible and they sprinkle some spice on them in an uneven pattern. One chip will taste like saw dust and one is covered in chili powder. They should use tostidos. The atmosphere is nice but the salsa is bland and the chips are horrible. Very disappointed.
3	The service was a little slow, the drinks were good, the prices were right, the food was meh. I'm from CA I've heard our Mexican food is pretty authentic here, but I got a chicken quesadilla... How can you screw that one up right? Should be easy... well the chicken inside was weird and not seasoned like Mexican food should be seasoned. It just wasn't what I was expecting... at all.  Alas, maybe the kitchen was off, or I'm used to the amazing food back where I live, but it was just ehhh. I wouldn't order food here again, but you can't go wrong with a yinzerita from here!
4	No complains here.Have been few times here for happy hour but didn't quite feel the need to review the place solely on drinking at the bar until today. Went here yesterday with few friends for a graduation happy hour. Since we were a group of around 14 - we had to divide  in 2's to be seated in the booth which I wasn't a big fan of. As for the roof top, it was all reserved - so, unlike us make sure to make a reservation for a larger group. The food was okay. Everyone seemed to enjoy their Chorizo Tacos and the salsa with chips. I especially like the Chipotle salsa. The prices were reasonable. The service.. well, it normally depends on the server no matter where you go.And yes, don't forget to "try" the Yinzerita.
4	Friendly staff.  The skinny margarita was solid.  Quesadillas were just ok. Will be back again!
2	This place, which caught my eye en route to the Shadyside Mad Mex, is entertaining solely for its brazen ineptitude and fair to average food.  The friendly, but totally dizzy and distracted and ditzy,  servers are amusing to watch as they wander around in a stupor...basically kids new to the summer job, but they need some guidance and instruction. I ordered a frozen Margarita.....I was told it would take a half hour to make!!!   Talk about being wasted away again in NON-Margaritaville!!!!  The tacos were of the Taco Belle school......just okay.  Their home made chips are good, though.  Maybe they need that guy on TV that whips whacky restaurants into shape.....although this place seems pretty successful. Folks were flocking in like sheep to the trough.  I will try it again....they gotta improve at some point.
3	I'll keep this short and sweet.  The food is standard PennaMex.  Think Mad Mex, but not as good.  The chips have been stale two out of three times.  The chicken tacos were bland--cumin, cayenne, black pepper, cilantro...any or all would have been welcome.  The guac just made me sad--and tears of guac depression could have only improved things.The draft beers are small and the "yinzerita" makes me want to punch someone.  The regular marg is all shades of awful--the mix is just bad and there's either too much or not enough salt.  The music selection can be fun.  The bros are always in high numbers here if you're looking for chest bumps and high fives.Why did I give it three stars?  It's totally fine on a summer night with a few friends on the top floor either before 11pm or not on a weekend.  Or it's okay for sitting at the bar on the second floor and enjoying a whiskey--the top shelf liquor selection there is decent .  I've only had terrible and very slow service at top bar and at the tables on all floors, but I've found the security staff and second floor bartenders to be super nice.  It's a bro bar on the new Walnut Street, so take it as what it is.
3	I'll keep this one brief:I love the food here, particularly the carne asada (in any form).  They also have good daily drink specials.  Love the upstairs balcony and  deck- rain, shine, snow, it's open (and covered/heated/etc. when it needs to be).I think I'm a little old to hang out here on Friday and Saturday nights.  The crowd seems to be grad students and young professionals- like well under 30.  I like to be able to sit- instead of stand around at a bar.Anywho, try it out and judge for yourself.
2	This was my message to the manager..I wanted to message whomever and tell you that your food is excellent. The service on the other hand is not. I am not one to complain and I will make this brief. My boyfriend and I went to your establishment around 10 pm Saturday night. We were seated by the hostess table and sat there for quite a while. I looked, made eye contact, and smiled at a server but after watching her walk by us four times I realized she wasn't our server. While waiting to get her attention prior to ordering many other tables were sat. The server eventually came over and asked what we would like to order. This server was indeed the same girl that I attempting to get service from initially. She apologized and was happy to take our order. I ordered queso, a pollo burrito without pico and and a yinzarita. She promptly came back with the queso and informed me that it was going to be about 15 minutes to make my drink. She then asked if I wanted something else. I said no and that I would wait.  There were three females who also ordered yinzaritas. I know they were seated after us because I thought about asking to be moved to that table. We got our food and I still had not received my drink. The server did come over once more and tell me it would be a few more minutes. I had pretty much finished my food and I realized the girls at the other table were all sipping yinzaritas. After a few minutes the server came back again, said it would only be a few more minutes and I asked her to just cancel my order.  I mentioned the girls having their drinks to my boyfriend and he (being passive as always) said, yeah, I was hoping you didn't notice that. I didn't ask for a manager or complain to the server I just wanted out of the restaurant. That was the second time eating at Steel Cactus and we had issues with rude staff before. The manager was more than polite but it doesn't make up for a bad experience. We will not be coming back to your restaurant. I hope eventually, you get either new staff or retraining needs to be implemented. I will be telling my friends about my poor experience and the few people I've already told have then told me their bad experiences with your restaurant. Good luck, with your reputation because its going downhill fast.
2	I gave this place an extra star because the atmosphere is great and has the potential to be really nice. But everything else was pretty comically bad.I arrived with two other other people around 7 on a Thursday. We asked the two hostesses if there was seating on the deck. We were told it would be a half hour wait. I thought well, okay, we can wait and just get a drink at the downstairs bar first. We ordered drinks and before our beers were even poured we were told a table was open. This would normally just be a result of good luck if it weren't for the fact that there were about 5 open tables when we went up there. This tells me that the hostesses had no grasp on what was really going on. Why have two if one is not keeping track of your biggest draw during the warm months; the upstairs deck?We were all starving. The menu is sort of lacking any creativity so it was difficult to make a choice, My party ordered the carne asade tacos, a carne asade burrito and the fajita burrito. It took a little while for the food to come out, but nothing bad because it was sort of busy. The people in my party that had the carne asade dishes complained that the steak was chewy and rubbery. My fajita burrito, was perhaps the worst burrito I have ever gotten. I would rank it below chipolte, taco bell, 7-11 frozen burritos.Issues with the burrito(1) There was hardly any chicken in it. It was basically a tortilla filled with bland and generally undercooked rice and peppers and onions(2) The chicken that was there was disgusting. You would expect a fajita chicken burrito to have, I dunno, grilled chicken in it. This seemed to be shredded chicken or canned chicken. It was difficult to discern because there was so little to investigate. Maybe it is better when there is more a spoonful in it? Not sure.(3) the vegetables were probably microwaved. Well I do not know that for sure. There were no sear marks to be seen. Onions change appearance when cooked. A shortcut was taken somewhere. Maybe they were just warmed quickly in a skillet. I hope its not just a massive pile of onions and peppers in a prep bin!Despite all that I polished off the entire thing because I was starving. I told the waitress it was terrible and she said sorry and asked if it was the pulled chicken in the burrito. Why don't the servers know what is in the food? Every place I ever worked at had all the servers sample each meal before starting. The food was so gross. It is a shame that the bar next door that has a small kitchen mainly for wings and hoagies has better mexican food (quesadillas and tacos) than a place that is marketed as a mexican restaurant.This seems like a place that had all the money in the world to design it nicely, but is not being run by anyone that even has the slightest grasp on food service and definitely has no one of any pedigree making the recipes for the food. Or maybe it was just a bad night. But you know how first impressions go...My advice to the DeSimones is to hire someone that actually is trained in culinary to make the menu, and to hire someone to run the place that understands basic concepts on how to run a restaurant. I only worked food service for two years and noticed too many things wrong to name. I would think anyone that has served at a chain restaurant for a year or two would be able to make some of the changes needed for this place to even be remotely run like a real restaurant.Or maybe this place is making money hand over fist based on atmosphere?
4	Went there for brunch with my family and everyone enjoyed the place. Food was really decent, tasted fresh and authentic not like the typical Americanized Mexican food. was not impressed with the bloody Mary bar one bit, highly recommend avoiding it. The Huevos Rancheros and there chipotle salsa were great. Service was great and the place was very comfortable and pleasant.
1	Went here for drinks for one night. They called last call and 5 minutes later they kicked everyone out, making my friend chug her beer. And meanwhile it wasn't closing time yet. Very crappy service.
3	This place is ok. Nice little venue for sure, but it's expensive for tex-mex, the high table chairs upstairs are horrific. Seriously, i'd rather sit on a jagged boulder.Overall 3 stars, the venue is very nice, food decent...
2	so so service so so food
2	This review is only for the drinks.Lived in Shadyside for years in grad school and was in town from LA for a grad school reunion/bachelorette party. Stopped in for some drinks in our old stomping ground and we were excited to try a new place with a rooftop. Well, we were having a great night until we came here. Got pitchers of regular margaritas and they were absolutely disgusting. Too tart. Between that and the hot box that the glass roof creates, people were getting overheated and sick. I had to write this bc over a week later I can still remember the taste of the margarita and it makes me sick thinking about it. This place has such potential with the idea and location, but if you are Mexican place and the margarita is not drinkable- you should be ashamed!
3	The rooftop deck is a nice touch in the friendlier seasons, but the food could be better. They have a decent happy hour with cheap mixed drinks, house wines, etc.. The chipotle salsa we ordered was good and definitely repeatable. The chips were thick and strong--perfect for dipping into guacamole, which was unfortunately subpar. The avocados must not have been ripe enough and were stringy.My fish tacos came on double corn tortillas which I approve of, with a side of rice and beans. The tacos themselves were only "meh" however, same for the rice. The beans were pretty good.Overall, my feelings are mixed about Steel Cactus. It has potential, but currently is just a good place to get a drink, salsa, and enjoy the nice weather. The food quality could use improvement.
3	Food was good.  The service was bad.  It wasn't busy.  It took 20 mins from the time we sat down to get our drinks.  We ordered soup, nachos & entrees.  They all came out at the same time. Oh that's not true, the waiter forgot the soups.  Nice atmosphere.  I'll go again with crossed fingers.
1	Atmosphere was great, food dislike, drinks dislike (not strong enough)...
2	I've been weeknight drinking here before and was pleased with the draft selection, but recently I went for food and wished I hadn't.The chips were stale and chewy, but at least the salsa was okay. Most places don't know how to prepare fresh and flavorful vegetarian food, so I wasn't completely surprised when I got the tofu tacos and couldn't taste anything but the salted "sweet" corn. The tofu was cold, the lettuce was warm, and the avocado "sauce" didn't taste like anything at all. This is not the way anyone should spend National Taco Day. I'm going to need a do-over for sure.
4	I went to Steel Cactus with a large group for happy hour drinks and dinner.  Decent, not great beer selection.  Service was very good and we had no problem splitting checks in a large group.  I love the space Steel Cactus has, the rooftop seating area is roomy and heated when needed.  I ordered the Camarones Tacos (grilled shrimp, sweet chili sauce).  The tacos were very yummy, but I am admittedly a sucker for faux mexican.  If you like Mad Mex, which this place will inevitably get compared to, you should be able to find something you like at Steel Cactus.  I wasn't too excited about the rice and bean sides, but I ate them all, so that says something (I can eat an unlimited amount of any quality of rice, though, to be honest).During my happy hour I did hear people's disappointment with the Yinzerita, as others have reviewed here.  My advice:  avoid it, go for happy hour, enjoy a Dogfish Head or two (or more), and don't expect to be transported to Mexico CIty.  It is what it is, folks.
1	Terribly slow service.  Bad servers.  The queso tasted like beer.  Overpriced.  Was not happy and will not return.  Took over 20 minutes to bring us our salsa.
1	Fun looking place but horrible chips   , tasteless salsa, nasty food and artificial sours unused in the margarita. Even the soup sucked. Eat a stouffers mexi meal and be happier
2	Food and drinks mediocre, service terrible. Once I asked the bar tender if they had cider, he said no, my friend points to the drafts and there was one on tap. I went with a group of friends and we sat in a round booth, the server was more interested in showing us her cleavage instead of good service. The cocktails here are too sweet. Their signature margarita is made from a mix, not from scratch, and it costs something like 12 bucks. Go to Mad Mex.
4	We liked the waitress and we bit on her yinzerita suggestion.  We ate too much. The yellow and black burrito should be named the black and gold. Wife and I are trashed and just realized we are the oldest people on the bar. Oh well.
4	I love coming here when the weather is nice to sit up in the rooftop lounge area and enjoy the pretty view of Walnut Street.  The margs are pretty decent, although I vow to never try the yinzeritas... There's just something about beer and maragaritas that doesn't mix for me.The quesadillas are great here, always crispy. The salsa options are delicious as well. I had a mango salsa in the summertime, and it was delicious. The service here can be a bit spotty, so I usually don't come here during the cold months when I can't sit in the rooftop bar area. But if you're looking for a good view in a good location, this is definitely a fun spot to try in the warmer months.
2	I came here for my first and likely only time.  I really liked the atmosphere and the location.  It looks like a fun place to stop in and have drinks at the bar with friends.  It was half-off apps during happy hour and we ordered chips and queso.  Some chips were completely bland while others were buried in chili powder.  The queso was good.The carnitas tacos were pretty underwhelming.  They weren't horrible just "meh" and not something I'll order again.  The rice was bland as well.  The beans looked gross.  I thought the food was overpriced for what you're getting.As far as the drinks go, I was disappointed with the beer selection.  It falls well short of Mad Mex.  The liquor selection did look good, however, in addition to their "Yinzerita" that I didn't try.Finally, the service sucked.  Our waitress paid virtually no attention to our table.  When she did rarely stop by she would only give short one-word answers when we tried to get any sort of information out of her.  A friend and I ordered a beer that was listed as a special for the day.  We later got our checks and the waitress informed us that it was not a special, despite it being listed on the drink menu as such (also on the website as a special).I really have no reason to eat here again but I wouldn't mind hanging out at the bar with friends.
3	The crowd here is definitely on the younger side. It looked to be filled with students, recent graduates, and young professionals. I think one of the main draws is the roof-top patio. It seems like a pleasant place for warm weather. In the winter, the patio is tented with space-heaters throughout preserving it as a cool place to hang out.The guacamole and chips were okay. These days, everyone is a self-proclaimed guacamole connoisseur, so it's hard for restaurants to make guac which pleases every customer.
2	I used to rave about this place for their happy hour. I think they've limited their happy hour menu now, but regardless, one thing must be said: their water is horrendous. Every place in Pittsburgh has very normal tasting water (as in, it doesn't taste like anything). For some reason, every time I have been here, the water is undrinkable. So it must be said that every piece of ice that goes into your margarita is coming from the same place. For that reason alone, AVOID.
1	Upon entering the restaurant, there is a noticeable vomit smell that is overwhelming. After seeing the prices and tasting the food, there is no wonder why it smells like vomit. While their chips and various salsas taste good, it is a Mexican restaurant so that should be standard. What wasn't impressive was the fajita burrito. It had no real taste and the chicken was dry. It also was expensive and not worth it. Their drink prices are also outrageous and while it may be the most popular bar in Shadyside, they are extremely slow at getting drinks and taking orders.
3	Meh, it's kinda hit or miss. Really depends on the people you are there with, and depends on the fact that there's not going to be drunks trying to fight with someone over little things.Food is ok (the regular tex-mex stuff). Their yinzerita is something that everyone raves about - i've never had it though. The huge fan at the top is some kind of a marvel I'll agree. It's nice in the spring/summer because it's nice and cool in the top floor (granted it gets ridiculously crowded however)It's just something else to do on walnut
3	Great addition to Walnut Street.  I highly recommend attending for happy hour as I think they have one of the best happy hour deals in Pittsburgh.  From 5-7 it is half off all appetizers which includes guacamole, chips/salsa and quesadillas.  The specialty drinks at $5 and they usually have $2.50 beer specials and $3 wine specials.  This past visit I went with the specialty margarita (also the Yinzerita is only $7 at happy hour) and my date choose the Moscow Mule.  We ordered chips and guacamole (the guacamole is delicious!) and I got a beef taco and he ordered the pork quesadilla. All super delicious and it only came to $21!  On Tuesdays it is Taco Tuesdays so you could order as many $2.50 tacos as you would like and can pick from flour or corn soft shells (they do not have hard shells) and pick your meat as well as the toppings.  Great place in the summer with the rooftop bar! When it is busy sometimes the service is not that great but I can live with that. Also recommend trying a pitcher of margaritas (great deal).
1	I have been here twice, once for dinner and once just for drinks. The first visit started out with a botched reservation; I had called to reserve a table a few days earlier and they had no record of it. We got seated relatively easily for a weekend, however, so it wasn't a huge deal. I am a big margarita fan, so I started off with a frozen mango. It was one of the only, if not THE only time in my life I have hated a margarita. It was sickly sweet and extremely artificial tasting. I ordered the chipotle beef tacos with pomegranate seeds for dinner, which were good, but unable to be enjoyed through the margartia-induced nausea.I tried out Steel Cactus again last night hoping for redemption. I ordered a regular marg on the rocks and ended up giving away 2/3 of it. The bartender made it with orange juice (?!) and some other juice out of a bottle and it tasted nothing like any margarita I've ever tasted. Sickly sweet and frothy on top, just like the last one. Bleh. I'm usually very amenable to this kind of food and I adore tequila based drinks, but I'm going to stick to beer here,
1	tried again. its crap
1	Terrible food, weak drinks,  poor service, basically the bane of Walnut Street. Better suited for Southside or Station Square.
1	i know what you will think - he gives a two star review and eat there again! What's wrong with that guy? - Well I wonder myself. I was very unhappy with my second visit there. They only have terrible beers on tap, and they don't have a list of decent beer bottles. How hard is it to carry some decent brews, fgs. We're not in the 1980s anymore. the food (Tacos) was mediocre too. so, beat me if I go back.
3	Their food is ok. Personally I think that el patron in monroeville has the best Mexican food in the area. Their drinks are reasonably priced. For a Fri or Saturday in shadyside, this is the new place to be. It has a lot of space and a roof top bar. It depends who else is around to make up the atmosphere. There were a lot of cmu students who.just finished their mbas there. They were moody and rude to the bar tenders.
3	To me, Steel Cactus is about a fun place to meet up with friends!  There's plenty of seating and a large deck, so it's perfect for sitting around and chatting over drinks.Catch their happy hour, which doesn't end till 7pm.  Nibble on whatever their daily special is.  Enjoy the lively atmosphere, and possibly use their photobooth, tucked away by the bathrooms.  The food was just ok and the margarita very "from-a-mix" tasting, which is the main reason I'm giving 3 stars.  Generic mexican food, nothing special.  (I'm pretty biased and picky about mexican food.  Usually, I'll reserve mexican food for trips back to Texas or California.).  But again, I stress that this would probably only be a place I go for casual meet ups over drinks.  Don't be expecting the most authentic best tasting mexican fare.Service is pretty good, considering the high pace/bar atmosphere.  The bartenders are always hustling around during happy hour, so they're very quick and no-nonsense.  But definitely not rude.  The last time I was in, there were a few credit card technical difficulties and also some order mixups, but they were handled very quickly and the bartender was very apologetic.
4	Tried the dinner menu once and wasn't impressed. However, lil known tidbit- one of the Only places in Shadyside you can order off a brunch menu at 10 am on a Saturday. Plus all you can drink mimosas! After 3 your playing with house money.
3	Food was just okay. Service was extremely slow - it was a Thursday night but the restaurant was not overly busy. If you're looking for great Mexican, I'd say pass.
2	Great patio and service, but the food is pretty bad. It's hard to mess up guacamole, and they even managed to do that. Come for a drink, but go somewhere else for dinner
2	Yikes, this place should have a sign that says '30somethings stay out.' If I go to a place that calls itself a 'Mexican cantina,' I expect to not get a blank stare from waitstaff when I ask to see a tequila list. (To be fair, once they located said list, I was pleased to see that there were a couple of decent tequilas on the list. They were mostly spelled wrong, but they were on there!)I guess I just can't understand the circumstances in which you would say, 'Hey! Let's go to Steel Cactus!' after the first time you accidentally show up there. It was crowded and hot and disorganized. We'd hoped to order food, but couldn't find a server anywhere in sight. Most people were drinking what appeared to be a huge frozen margarita with a beer bottle in it. If that's your thing, go on with it, but it kiiiiiind of grosses me out.If I want a huge margarita, I'll go to Mad Mex. If I want authentic Mexican food, I'll go to Cuzamil. If I want good tequila, I'll go to Verde. If I want to feel old, have to pass by half a dozen bouncers to get anywhere, and watch millennials try to pick each other up, I'll go back to Steel Cactus.
1	Horrible experience pls don't go this place it will make you sick not fresh food at all the rice taste bad, hard and re heat  I don't have even words to describe how bad it was
3	I came to Steel Cactus a few weeks ago on a Sunday night.  It was a little too chilly for the outdoor seating, but I think that the selling point is their outdoor seating.  The atmosphere indoors is loud and bar like.My major complaint is that Steel Cactus is overpriced for serving the same quality of food as Chipotle, but the prices are double.  I wouldn't chose to come back here on my own, but I guess I would think about returning.  At $12 for 3 regular sized tacos and $11 for a burrito, I would say it's just ok but nothing special.
3	I went to Steel Cactus for the first time last night for an event. I had done my research on the place before going, just to see what other patrons thought. When my Mom and I got there, we sat up in the rooftop bar area which was really nice. It was enclosed in glass since it was threatening rain all night. All the other people there for the event had ordered drinks and food, so we decided to do the same.I was put off a little by how expensive a lot of the dishes were. I wasn't so hungry I wanted a full-out meal but even some of the appetizers were a little high. My mom and I both just ordered some chips and dips. She got the pineapple salsa and I don't think she was too crazy about it. I got the picante guacamole, which while good, was nothing to write home about. We both ordered $2.25 Blue Moons because we didn't want to pay more for drinks. I did notice some other people at this event had those Yinzeritas, which were huge. Not sure how they liked them though.All in all, would I come back? Maybe for a drink. But the food... I don't know. Sometimes I can be a bit on the cheap side when I go out to eat. I don't normally order stuff over $10-12 unless I know it's going to be good. And based on other reviews, it's probably smart I didn't order a major meal.
3	Steel Cactus is fun. It's a fun restaurant / bar.  I enjoy myself here, but it isn't a place to eat or drink.The crowd is great. The bar staff is great. The basic drinks are well made.The food is alright. It is definitely better than suburb Mexican, but I'd prefer Round Corner when it comes to food.The cocktails are boring. Mad Mex does a better basic volume margarita. Round Corner has a better margarita selection.  Steel Cactus doesn't have any Mezcal.Overall, Steel Cactus is fun. That is why I go.
2	In my (probably not so popular or nice) opinion, I think this place is a pox on the spirit of walnut street in shadyside. They paved paradise and put up a parking lot. Long are the days of the couple of relatively quiet dive bars in shadyside and enjoying a nice stroll home at night. This place is like a loud club with a patio: loud music, loud (and drunk) college or post college graduates stuck in their old Greek life days, cigarette butts paved over the sidewalk in front. Further, the food and drinks here aren't event particularly good. I understand that this is some peoples' scene, but it's not really mine.
4	So, Mexican food in Pittsburgh? Hellz yeah! Yinzerita & the 412 Burrito. 412 Burrito? Well yes, a burrito with fries and slaw in the burrito. It's Pittsburgh! We ate upstairs on the patio. Seems a bit out of place for the neighborhood. Shadyshade seems pretty gentrified to me with it's Apple Store and Microsoft Store, but then again, there's nothing fru-fru about a Yinzerita and a 412 Burrito.
3	I have been meaning to come to Shayside for some drinks for a while decided why not Steel Cactus. Mind you this was about 1:00PM but still I was vising some friends and we wanted to check it out. We get lead to the up stairs bar where the three of us hung out. Total must have been 6 other people on the upstairs patio not including the bartender. Drinks where moderately cheap but my scotch whiskey was very flat. My friend also got some food and wasn't impressed by it either, just meh. Place is ok but I bet their are better places to go.
1	Beware! They might serve you soap in a cup!My friend ordered a yinzerita that had SOAP in it! That's right SOAP! They clean their frozen margarita machine with soap and sometimes they forget to cycle out the soap before they start serving margaritas in it. My friend asked for a new yinzerita when she thought it tasted funny but the waitress insisted that there was nothing wrong with the yinzerita. Evenutally, the waitress realized there was soap in the yinzerita and gave her a new one with no apology or a refund. This is a serious health hazard! Seriously now, soap in cup? I've gone here several times for their happy hour and late night bar experience. For happy hour they have a ton of appetizers for half off and drinks including the mojito and yinzerita. The appetizers and drinks are just ok.The ambiance is pretty nice during bar hours. If you don't like having smokers in your bar you could try steel cactus as no one is allowed to smoke on the main 2nd floor.  Sometimes they get your drink order wrong when it's busy so watch out for that. Overall they have bad service, ok food, oh and they sometimes serve you soap.
4	I have always been a fan of Mexican food! This is a friendly place but sadly the waiting time is a little slow. But still great food and a great crowd!
1	Had dinner here Sat night with husband. Atmosphere is cool and rooftop is nice. Food is mediocre at best. We both had the same type of burrito, but they were very different. One had a lot of sauce inside and no pico, the other barely any sauce and lots of pico. Chips and salsa were good. Service was horrible. The two hostesses are more interested in talking with each other than seating guests. They kept looking at us, but kept talking. We finally asked to seat ourselves, then they seated us. Our waiter was HORRIBLE! He was rude. He kept asking us if we wanted seperate a checks. We were seated at a four top, but sat beside each other. We were both wearing our wedding rings and my 5carat diamond...we are obviously married. My husband said no, but the waiter wouldn't let it go. He kept it up. Then before we left he snidely said "sorry to make this uncomfortable". Save yourself the trouble...drive another mile and go to Mad Mex...always great food!
5	Excellent facilty right off Walnut St. Convenient parking on corner in parking garage  and lot behind building. Super taco salads, burritos, and tacos. Outstanding sauces. Balcony view overlooking historic Walnut St. A Winner !!!  Mgr Justin takes care of all his customers. Thanks Justin. :-)
1	Great atmosphere, food is not good. Salsa tasted like a metal can. Taco meat was awful. Guac was just ok, queso was ok but a little lumpy..this was my second visit and will be my last and it is a shame because I love sitting up on the roof:( they need an overhaul on their recipes.. Worst Mexican food I have ever had and Mexican is my favorite
1	how do you mess up Guacamole?    Apparently Steel Cactus can by making it with Avocado's that don't seem particularly ripe, mixing in some of the weird green fake avocado paste, and refrigerating it (it came out in it's bowl with water on the bottom).  Wack.Also, we were told that shrimp taco's were good after being told the interesting sounding beet tacos weren't.   Shrimp taco's sucked - kinda sweet and not particularly noteworthy.  The upstairs open air terrace is kinda cool, but this place sucks.
3	Steel Cactus sits in a great location on Walnut Street in Shadyside. You have to walk up a few flights of steps once you get there but this place has some cool decor and two floors of seating. The top floor is the roof and my friend and I decided that a second flight up was worth it to enjoy a perfect day. This trip to Steel Cactus was purely in the name of happy hour. Too bad we were there a little early for happy hour (starts at 5PM) so we couldn't get the reduced price.  No worries, that wouldn't stop me from ordering Pumking on tap!We decided to share an order of chicken nachos to offset the high ABV content of said Pumking and I'd rate the nachos a 2.5 out of 5. Definitely not the best ever. I don't often mention restrooms in my reviews but I must say the bathroom at Steel Cactus was sparkling clean. Like, you could eat your nachos off the floor clean. Also, good friendly service to be found here. Good happy hour destination and if the weather is nice I highly recommend heading up to the roof.
3	Steel Cactus was a really fun place when I went months ago! It was very crowded probably due to it being a Saturday night, but my group and I were able to find a corner to have all to ourselves and had a blast! I ordered some different fun and fruity drinks and they were good and priced low-moderate. The first floor is really dark and flooded with people at the bar and eating. The second floor has some tables, some booths on the side and standing room by the bar and at the corners of the building. I would definitely come back here on a drinking night, or even to try their food in the afternoon some time! Definitely check this place out for the atmosphere, drinks and location!
4	When it comes to Tue nights and your looking for some cheep eats with a cold beer, Steel Catus is where it's at. You have your choice of multiple meats with fresh mixings. I highly recommend you check it out if you're ever in Shadyside on a Tuesday. Just a reminder the kitchen closes at 10 so don't wait to long or your out of taco luck.
2	I've been here a few times for drinks, but have never been impressed with the quality of drinks or service.  The drinks have been on the weaker side, and seem overpriced outside of happy hour.  I've had the margaritas, and they aren't as good as the ones at Mad Mex.  I believe they do offer free chips and salsa, and they haven't been remarkable.  I haven't ordered other food here, so I can't comment on its quality.Obviously, the main draw here is the rooftop bar, which can be a fun place to hang out on weekend nights, and offers a nice view of Walnut Street.  Be forewarned, however, that it gets busy at these times.  For rooftop dining and drinks, I recommend BRGR in East Liberty, which offers a more relaxed atmosphere, and better food/drinks.  The Chinese restaurant across the street also has a rooftop deck, though I've never been there, so I can't offer an opinion.  Overall, not a place I'd go out of my way to patronize--there are many other places in Shadyside and East Liberty offering better drinks, service, and ambiance, and many better, more genuine Mexican places.
2	This place is just okay. The food is medium-good, the drinks are moderately priced, and the decor is somewhat interesting. It's a good idea to get out here and TRY a Yinzerita, but expect a heavy sugar headache afterwards. The best part about steel cactus is probably their happy hours on weekdays from 5-7, featuring half-priced appetizers and $5 cocktails. Pro tip: Try their mojito without simple sugars.
1	I have only been here a couple of times, however that was enough to determine that Mad Mex is far superior in every way.Had nachos with chicken as an appetizer-rather flavorless and nothing special.I ate the "3 amigos" as my entree-1 beef minitaco, 1 carnitas minitaco, and 1 chicken minitaco. They were all very bland, the tortillas were soggy, and frankly the beef taco was inedible.Everything I have ever ordered at Mad Mex has been very tasty so since they are both so close to eachother in shadyside-walking distance in decent weather-I see absolutely no need to go to Steel Cactus-head right to Mad Mex!
3	Don't come to the Steel Cactus and expect to be blown away by quality of food or service. However, I do have to say that I've enjoyed my several experiences here and would recommend this restaurant as a fun place for late night drinks or a Saturday afternoon snack. The drinks that I've had from here have been good, and I've enjoyed ordering the nachos a couple of times.
2	The 2 stars are for the decor and that's about it. The service was non existent as the staff was too busy talking with each other vs. their customers. Margarita was ok but I'd suggest 'no rocks' because it was mostly ice like a fast food place. Enchiladas were cold, fajitas were ok. Had to actually ask for silverware...ridiculous. They charge for chips & salsa so I expected a better product, I think it was from a jar. Skip this place.
4	Surprisingly good Mexican food for a restaurant that appears to be staffed by no Mexicans. They've made a lot of improvements since they first opened and the guacamole has gone from flat-tasting to really good. The portions are generous, the staff is friendly, and the Mojitos are excellent. The one downside is that it doesn't take much for the place to become crowded and very, very noisy.
3	Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh (including Steel Cactus) have no business charging people for chips and salsa; it's the only place I've ever been where that happens and it's riddamndiculous (*steps off Soapbox*).I don't hate Steel Cactus.  I would totally go here for happy hour or dinner, mostly because I am a Mexican food fanatic and could eat it pretty much every day (it's a convenient location for me, and sometimes one just needs a taco immediately).  If it weren't convenient, it's unlikely I'd go seeking this place out.  The best parts: the rooftop patio, and happy hour drink specials.  Kudos for that, Steel Cactus.  The least-good parts: the food is, in general, bland and unexciting.  While the price point isn't bad ($10-13 for most entrees), they could use a happy hour food special or two.  My personal preference is for more authentic, cheaper Mexican food, like Emiliano's on the South Side.
4	The servers are pretty knowledgeable about gluten free options on the menu... and if they are new the kitchen staff is more than happy to help.  I've had the nachos there, which have to be baked and have a differing cheese placed on them ( the cheese is mixed with beer and the friers are not dedicated).  However, they were very nice in accommodating me on these slightly crazy requests in my quest for nachos.  They werent the best or most crispy nachos, but it was nice to have with a great margarita.  Very interesting atmosphere and decorations.
