5	This is one of my favorite sushi bars in town.  Ken, the owner is so friendly and his food is so good that we keep going back even though it is a 10+ mile drive.  The prices here are fabulous for a sushi restaurant, best prices in town.  Nice assortment of specials every night, and interesting items show up on the board all the time, he has a friend in the shipping business.  We've had some items here I've never had at a sushi restaurant, straight from Japan, very special indeed, rare shellfish and other delicacies.  Not a fancy place but nice inside, great prices, good sake selection, good service and wonderful food.
4	We tried this place (while on vacation from L.A.) on the strong recommendation of friends. We weren't expecting much, as we figured there's no way Arizona sushi could compare to what we get in L.A. Well, let me eat my words down with some of their delicious fish!!! This place is really great. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but sometimes those are the best spots. Ken, the owner, is very nice and seems to remember everyone. Their spanish mackerel is some of the best I've ever had, and I don't know what it is about their California rolls but I'm not usually a big fan (typically BORING!) but not here. They're incredibly delicious! Make sure to check out the back room, where you can draw on the walls!
4	A surprising victory for Glendale's sushi lovers. I went here for lunch today and highly recommend dropping by to take advantage of the lunch special. Three big sushi rolls for 11.95 is tough to beat. My lovely girlfriend and I came here (she works near there and this is her favorite lunch spot) and split a shrimp tempura appetizer and one lunch special. The shrimp was very good, a little greasy, but good. And the rolls were also dee-lish. The only thing that wasn't was the poorly done house remix of Kelly Clarkson's "Since You've Been Gone" - apparently it was the 15 minute version because that song went on for the good latter half of lunch. Oh, well. No one's perfect.
4	I used to love Tokyo Lobby....but lately not so much. So I was in search of a new west side (what! what!) sushi spot.In the Fry's shopping center. Much nicer on the inside than on the outside. Pretty large inside.Had a selection of rolls and all were really fresh. Good flavors. No sick mayo mixture (that other places use to cover up bad sushi). Small pieces (which I like).  Rolls were 4.50 to 8$ (for the "normal" rolls) and specialty rolls up to 10$.Overall a west side win!   I will be going back.
3	Another excellent YELP referral and find!!  I've eaten here several times - the sushi has been excellent every time.  I find it difficult loving places that are in strip centers with grocery stores next door - just doesn't really scream "fine dining" - but, it is a comfortable laid back environment and I would easily recommend it for grabbing a casual sushi/japanese dinner.The sushi and the tempura has all been excellent, no rushing to get you out, with good wait service (there's even a TV above the bar to keep track of the latest bball games!!).
5	It's hard to find good sushi in Phoenix, especially when most sushi is found in Scottsdale, and usually populated by the snobby and uninspired eaters.Fresh Wasabi is not for them.  This is a place for the real sushi eater, who is not afraid to try extreme flavors and very fresh fish. They have an incredible menu, filled with traditional sushi/sashimi, and with your more contemporary rolls, including the old standbys like Alaskan rolls, spicy tuna, Dragon, etc.When I went, I got to have one of their Sashimi plates, which included very fresh tuna, salmon, incredible octopus, some of the best Mackerel I've ever had, and a small tuna/octopus salad that was amazing. I also had the Uni, which is my absolute guilty pleasure. It was oceanic, soft, and intense, the nori was a little chewy though. The scallops dynamite was very good, but it could have been slightly spicier, I enjoy the spicy a little more than most people do, but the scallops were sweet and mixed well with the kewpie and fish eggs. We finished up with a roll ( the name escapes me), topped with salmon and eel sauce, filled with a spicy tuna mixture, it was good, but nothing too special.On this special occasion, we had desert. Green Tea Ice Cream was soft and chilled, with frost on it, quite nice, and tempura battered cheesecake was incredible. Also, the staff is very awesome, but that might be because we went with a regular, I'd love to go back and sit at the bar though.I highly recommend Fresh Wasabi if you're on the west side, despite the weird location next to a Fry's.
4	Wow who would of thought it would be so hard to find good sushi in the valley.  Even the places I tried in Scottsdale were lame and uninspired.   I had the Monkey Brains (spicy tuna stuffed tempura friend mushrooms) which are always my favorite when I can find them at Sushi places.  I also ordered the 8 piece sashimi sampler and was pleased with its freshness and variety.  I also ordered the Climax Roll and the Sushi for the Soul Roll.  Needless to say I ended up bringing some home but it kept well and it made a great sack after a night out.
4	We've been to this place a few times. The first time we brought along the 3yo sproglet. They were great with him. We ordered him the Chicken Karaage - an appetizer, but it was plenty big for him and he loved the sauces.The Monkey Brain is not to be missed (we've ordered it both times and it's wonderful).I'm a spicy tuna roll nut and I've ordered it with and without the tempura flake - I will pass on the flake in the future as it doesn't really add much to the roll.We've also tried the Cardinals Roll, the Chimichanga and the Viva Las Vegas. All of them have been great. One of the reasons I like this place is their menu - so many sushi bars only have a selection paper to pick your rolls and don't actually tell you whats in them. Not only do they give you the list of ingredients in their menu, but they have a photo too. 4.5 StarsThe only reason I'm dropping a .5 star is because their website is horrible, and can't be accessed by a mobile phone.
5	Not only do I agree with Randy G.'s review of Fresh Wasabi, but I know him personally. As a matter of fact, I introduced him to the experience that is Fresh Wasabi! In addition to all of the other reviews that are right on target, I want to share that I had (before today) enjoyed FW's happy hour (with reduced sushi prices). Today I had the pleasure of being even more thrilled and surprised to discover that not only does a special lunch menu exist but also very special lunchtime sushi prices. So, prior to grocery shopping next door at Fry's Marketplace, I decided to have lunch. After all, everyone knows that perusing a supermarket on an empty stomach will result in a higher grocery bill as well as more not-so-good-for-you choices!I found in addition to the lunch menu that one may order 3 sushi rolls for $11.95 and/or single-piece sushi for $1 each! The rolls were not just a bunch of veggies and/or ersatz crab sticks either. I selected the spicy crab roll (with REAL crab), the tuna and avocado roll, and the Philly roll. All were delicious and full-sized. The single-piece nigiri sushi that found their way to my spot at the sushi bar were albacore tuna with a garlicky sauce, salmon, and yellow tail. The pieces of fish were generously cut and the flavor and freshness of the fish was to die for.The whole tab, including iced tea, came to just under $19 (including tax). There was really enough sushi in my order to feed two people but I wanted to try a variety of the offerings. For two people, just add an additional iced tea or soft drink, and you'll be "set to jet."My dining adventures at FW are many and the scope of those experiences are wide and pleasantly varied. Do yourself (and those around you) a favor and visit Fresh Wasabi often!
5	We went to Fresh Wasabi because of its great yelp! reviews and it was totally worth it, we loved it and we will go back again! It was a little hard to find though, tucked away on the other side of Frys.
5	Some of the freshest Sushi I have had. Masa, the owner gets deliveries daily and you can taste it. I am more of a sashimi lover, but my wife is a fan of the rolls and his combinations are great. Not a place you would expect when going into a strip mall, but we are finding more and more restaurants that have great food in these strip mall locations. He is currently renovating and adding in teppanyaki which will add to the experience. Cannot beat the cost and love the fact its in the neighborhood. No more trips to Scottsdale for great sushi.
5	I had lunch there on Wednesday, and I still cannot believe it was as amazing as it was. Justin Y is dead on, it is by far the freshest sushi I've ever had, and I used to live 20 minutes from San Francisco! The rolls are fun inspired and unique. The seaweed isn't overpowering. The portions are perfect! Their lunch menu is awesome! 4 pcs Hamachi, 4 pcs Salmon, 1 philly roll, a daquari and edamame, 27.00 out the door.  Great value in my book, especially for something so fresh! The guys at the bar are men of few words, but they crank out quality! I'm still beside myself with joy!
3	I came here with my boyfriend, as he likes sushi. I am not a fish eater, but normally sushi places also have a good japanese food menu. I ordered a chicken and noodle dish and I was very disappointed. It was so overwhelmed with ginger flavor that I couldn't even eat it. All I could taste was ginger, as if I was just eating a piece of one. As far as the sushi, my boyfriend enjoyed it.
5	I love sushi, and this place has the BEST sushi I've found in Phoenix.  It's a little off-putting with its strip mall location, but I've been coming here for years and the sushi is always awesome quality.  They have a ton of special rolls that are fun to choose from.My favorite rolls are the Cherry Blossom (salmon and avocado covered with tuna) and the First Love roll (spicy california roll covered with salmon, tuna, and LEMON!).I think they have teppenyaki open there now, but I haven't been there to experience that yet.
5	After reading all the great reviews I decided to take my significant other to lunch here.  Maaaaaaaan was it worth it!  I just became a FRESH WASABI fan!  I had such a great experience!  They have very friendly/helpful staff that are very quick.  The beer is cold, the chefs are nice and good at what they do.  I have zero complaints about this place.  The price is just right for great sushi.  The location throws you off a bit because it is in a Fry's plaza.. but once you get inside it is a totally different atmosphere.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I have eatin here 4 different times now. Twice before they expanded and twice after. They have the freshes fish around. Nigiri and Sashimi blows me away along with their other crazy rolls they have. I have not been to any other sushi place in AZ that has so many different rolls to choose from. Big fan of the rolls with jalapeno slivers and siracha ontop of them. Enjoy this place anyday of the week but make sure you pair whatever you get with sake and ichiban!!!!!!!!
4	On Bell Road in NW Phoenix/Glendale you will find several places to enjoy sushi.  This place is near the top when you consider quality, value, and overall experience out of all the choices you have to chose from.Located in a completely renovated strip mall anchored by a Fry's, the place atctually looks nice from the outside and not rundown like so many other unfortunate strip malls littering the valley.  Says something for the area if they feel it is necessary to make it look new and fresh again.The inside is nice and cozy, very inviting, with soothing music to help you enjoy your sushi/sashimi/or japanese food as you desire.  The quality is fresh and delightful with appropriate portion size as well.  They have great daily specials with bento box choices, sushi, or even teriyaki chicken.This place is a very good choice for Japanese food for the area.  I haven't tried the teppanyaki with my many visits, but sometime I will.  Maybe an update will be due after such.  Otherwise, I would definitely recommend Fresh Wasabi to anyone.
5	Best sushi in Phoenix, affordable as well, especially with the lunch specials.My favorite sushi places are in Seattle, Vegas, LA and San Fran, but this place hits the spot when I can't go to those places for sushi.
3	this place is just okay.  the  staff is nice and they have FABULOUS lunch specials!  but i've had better sushi.  it's not bad, and it's a great value, which keeps me going when i have a desperate need for sushi on a budget, but it's also not my favorite.
5	This place is definitely as good as it gets in the west valley, but it is pretty close to as good as it gets all around. I really enjoyed this place ...and no more trips to Scottsdale. Yippeeee! This is my new favorite sushi place around. I have ate sushi fresh in Japan and Guam and this is as close as it gets to that. Other sushi places in Arizona don't really compare. :)
2	Not a very good place for sushi or service.  Went there this past weekend due to reviews on yelp, and also some coupons in the mail.Sushi was just ok, service a bit below par.Not very fresh for the sushi, and some of the fried items were very heavily battered, and pretty much obliterated the underlying taste.
5	I've always been happy with Green Wasabi. One of my favorite sushi places.I love their special rolls. Who wouldn't want to order the Climax? Their service is amazing. Their sashimi is one of the freshest I've tried. Mackerel is always fantastic. Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, it's all good.I love that they have drinks other than sake and beer and it never takes more than 15minutes to get your food. I've tried almost everything on the menu and there's not one complaint that comes to mind.Keep up the amazing work!
3	Good Sushi at a fair price.
4	We go to Fresh Wasabi a lot and usually it's the same thing...the service is not the fastest on the planet, but when you are there with good company you hardly notice. Their sushi is amazing and they have a perfectly priced menu. Love it!
5	Sorry Yen, but you have been replaced.  I have no idea if this place has a killer happy hour like Yen, but I don't care, this place is ridiculously good.  Went her Saturday night with the intentions of getting tepan, but there was already a family wrapped around one side, so we passed and went to the sushi bar.    They have pages of rolls, which I love because I make sushi rolls at home, so I need the ideas.  I love rolls, but I just don't want all the rice, so i prefer sashimi.  After studying the menu for a lifetime, my boyfriend finally ended up on the Combo pages, THANK GOODNESS, because that was the way too go!  We got the Sushi Combo for 2, it was perfect.  For $35, and two people you each get a miso soup, a garden salad, you spilt a little plate of tempura, there was 2 shrimp, an onion ring, a long sweet potato we split in half, a carrot, and a zucchini.  As for sushi, 1 california roll, 1 spicy tuna roll, 2 pieces each of shrimp, yellowtail, tuna, and salmon nigri, 2 pieces each of tuna, salmon and yellow tail sashimi.  That's a ton of food for such a great price.  Our yellow tail sashimi slices were at least an inch thick, and it was so buttery, I couldn't get over it.  On top of all this food we had to order some mackerel, and some clam sushi nigri style that I've never had before.  Both were delicious, and I can not wait to go back.  The place was pretty busy, so they told us they were a little backed up, and quite honestly, I didn't end up caring. Out of all my sushi experiences, I think this one is at the top of my list, seriously Yen has been replaced.
4	Nuts, I wish I would have looked on Yelp before I went to learn about the beer & sake deal :)I stopped into this plaza to go to the Fry's when I noticed Fresh Wasabi-same sign as the place I recently visited out in Surprise which I liked, so I headed in for lunch (best to grocery shop on full stomach you know!).I found the service to be a tad slow especially considering I was one of just a handful of patrons.  Slow but friendly, just like me!!Anyhoo, I simply cannot get past the pork katsu/California Roll bento.  Every aspect is really good, the miso soup, salad, edamame just seem to be a perfect combo plate to me especially since I'm not a huge fan of raw.  Price/value ratio is good, though I think the Surprise location offers a wee bit more generous portions.This visit actually inspired me to try and recreate the bento at home with some pretty decent success-my miso soup was even better than Fresh Wasabi's lol!
5	Best sushi in phoenix
3	Went with a coupon.  Service was sorta slow, as i read in other reviews, but it was ok.
4	I've been here once, but I can already tell I'll be back many more times! I love the quaint atmosphere and the service, very attentive. The sushi is very fresh and they have very interesting delicious rolls!
4	Delicious sushi--though only 3 vegetarian rolls they are still by far my favorite. Quick service and friendly staff. They have a ton of creative options and have a separate tepenaki room. Never once been disappointed by this location!
5	Absolutely LOVE going for this Sushi. Fresh Wasabi HAS to be the Best Sushi in Phoenix, hands down.  Every time I visit, I always start with the Lobster Bake Roll. Oh My, So GOOD. The staff is always friendly & ready to answer any questions you may have. The atmosphere is very pleasant. I never have to yell to talk to my co sushi lovers like some other sushi joints around town.
4	Can't beat their lunch and happy hour specials! Great sushi and great prices! Definitely one of my local favorites!
5	The BF took me here for dinner to challenge my notions of good sushi and expand my sashimi horizons.  I'm 150% glad he did!Excellent across the board; food, service, ambiance and cleanliness.  OK, the ambiance is about as good as it's gonna get in a strip mall next to a Fry's Marketplace, but hey -- this is Phoenix. This is where we've chosen to live.  They have 2 dining rooms, a full sushi bar and I believe some grill tables in the other room.The service was friendly, fast and accommodating.  They sat us immediately on a crowded Friday night at peak dinner hour. Drink orders were taken "tout de suite" and served a nanosecond later.  Delicious cucumber salad for starters came out in a blink of an eye: fresh, cooling and delicious. And then began the parade of rolls; Philly, Chimichanga, Bagel, Viva La Vegas and an order of Monkey Brains (stuffed mushrooms that were off the hook...umm...err....cranium, as it were).  We scarfed.  It was all fan-fishing-tastic!All of the food was freshly made, tasty and super satisfying.The servers stopped back by to check in and make sure everything was OK, refilled our drinks but didn't linger or interrupt our conversation or try to be our new BFFs.I dunno what it is about good sushi but when you have it, you know it and it leaves you with a near sexual afterglow.  I had a full-body fish-gasm that lasted for hours.  Yes.  It's THAT good.  We ate like kings for about $60 (we did order a LOT of food that night) but it was worth every penny and I would go back here again in a heartbeat!
4	Excellent service & food.  It is my first choice for sushi.
4	We're still steady customers after three years of eating here with never a bad meal, or issue that wasn't immediately corrected.So far the best udon base I've found in the valley, but that statement really only works if you are me.Everyone I know that's eaten the miso soup rates it above average There's a wide variety of rolls,appetizers and drinks that are reasonably priced out-with happy hour.This is my family's favorite place as kid are treated well at any time,E.g, Sat afternoon or a Tuesday night.  as soon as I am off my  lo iodine diet this is the  second place  I'm  going. ( 1st will be breakfast:)
4	What I look for in good sushi... fresh fish, good cuts, specialty rolls that have pizazz, a greeting from the sushi chefs when I enter the place, and good service.  And I got it.I wasn't too surprised that I got all that tho... I have been to their other location in Surprise, but I'm glad that they are a good backup to my normal sushi place.What did surprise me is that they have teppanyaki.  I haven't tried it, but with the quality of their sushi, I'm more than willing.Definitely worth the try, especially for a hard core sushi person like me.
5	Fabulous fresh and consistent sushi. We have never had a less than wonderful meal here.We're addicted to their Tuna Salad and Climax Roll We are thrilled they're in our neighborhood, one filled with chain-restaurant-overload, and an oasis of fresh seafood (we come from a coastal town.)
5	Fresh Wasabi is a haven to those who cherish quality. The cuts are perfect, the rolls are deliciously complex, the presentation is beautiful, and the service is prompt and non-intrusive.Also, don't forget why they named this place what they did: be sure to try their fresh wasabi, it's amazing!
5	The best sushi I have tasted in AZ, and I have tried my fair of sushi here.... a very big selection of sushi rolls, some favorites are climax roll, guilty pleasure and first love, love the screaming fever albacore salad. I have to say sushi in AZ is pricey everywhere so its standard there. 2 people usually runs about $60-$80 .... but its worth it, its delicious and very fresh!!!!
5	We Love Fresh Wasabi...They have a happy hour that starts at 2pm. We had the sweet thang, salmon nigiri, and our favorite the cherry blossom. $25.00 for two people...Wow on Price and Quality!And as always we get the fresh wasabi.Our favorite Sushi place on the west side!
5	I remember when this little place was owned by Ken and was called The Sushi. I was upset when Ken sold the place, but Masa has worked wonders! The sushi here is phenomenal! I haven't ordered anything I haven't loved! Their Volcano Rolls are amazing and I make everyone I'm with try it. :)   The staff is very helpful and nice, especially Iris.   I recommend Fresh Wasabi to all my sushi loving friends. Best sushi in Arizona by far!
3	Quite plesant experience. Big selection of rolls and good happy hour deals. Nothing that blew my mind a tad more pricey than I would prefer. Will return if on this side of town.
5	Delicious sushi!
4	Excellent service and excellent sushi!!  My family comes here on a regular basis and we went with them over the Thanksgiving holiday week.  We had great service, and when I walked in with my gluten free soy sauce, the waitress knew right away what I could and could not eat, especially with the various sauces.  She also brought out a bottle of GF soy sauce that they have at the restaurant so I don't have to bring my own in the future.My husband and dad did not get sushi, but ordered Japanese noodles instead.  We learned that they only have one Wok in the restaurant, so they brought my dad's meal first, then my husband had to wait for his to be cooked.  Next time they are just going to order the same thing in the interest of time.  My mom and I ordered sushi and they had a great selection of rolls.  Since I can't have the imitation crab or anything with tempura batter it was a bit tricky for me but I still found a few options to enjoy.  The rolls are not too big, so you don't have to worry about taking huge bites of food.  My little sister had chicken and rice, no sauce for her either, and they did a great job!If you are in the area, definitely stop in for great sushi and service!
5	Fresh Wasabi was a great experience I hope to go back to soon. The atmosphere and food were a delight.The interior is dark and hip - they even played good music - but still Japanese inspired, which is refreshing when so many places for sushi around the valley seem to be one or the other. The food was quality in its preparation and imagination. For example, even the miso soup, which is usually a throw-away for me, was delicious. I believe they added some kind of mushroom, that gave the soup nice depth. What a surprise! The sushi itself was excellent, if a little adventurous. Based on other reviews, I got the spicy tuna. It was definitely good quality with a texture that maintained the integrity of the fish, and an interesting spiciness that isn't your typical paste mixed with the fish into a soft blob. And so my parting words to you regarding this gem aren't "soft blob",...fresh fish, inventive, chic!don't miss out
5	One of my favorite restaurants. Service is not too bad on busy weekends, but it makes up for the excellent food they serve. The owner decided to put two teppanyaki grills and it wasn't a bad decision, at all. If you want to save a little money on the teppanyaki, go during lunch. Sushi (rolls, sashimi, nigiri) are always awesome.
5	My favorite west side sushi, love the exotic rolls here mostly.  I cant recall them because I make my wife pick them out.  I do know one is called the "climax"  because I am a guy and of course I am going to remember that.  The service is always good here the atmosphere is pretty nice considering it is in the Fry's shopping center.  I take my wife on dates here so its not too casual if you know what I mean.  I am pretty sure you can satisfy a sushi snob here but I am not one so I dont know for sure.  My wife is and she's happy.....
5	Instead of going to Yen, for there happy hour that includes a California roll 5 ways, and the worst service in phoenix, head over to Fresh Wasabi... This place is hands down the best Sushi bar in the phoenix area. Amazing prices, amazing FRESH sushi, and even better service! The happy our and reverse happy our menus are pretty extensive compared to others in the area, (Ahem, Yen). Usually a menu with over 50 rolls to choose from is not a good sign, but from the variety I tried, not a single roll was bad! So seriously, if you like great sushi, for the best price, and appreciate fast service, go check this place out.
4	I stopped off at Fresh Wasabi for lunch today. I wasn't expecting too much when I walked in since it was empty and almost 12:30PM.  I sat down, ordered a water and 3 rolls from their lunch menu special. 11.95 for a Philly, spicy tuna and yellowfin rolls.I also got an order of Monkey Brains.Let me tell you, the rice was so delicious! It was cooked perfect and applied perfect. The vegetables were crisp and the fish was super fresh. I appreciated the fact that the chef didn't overdo the amount of rice on the roll. Too much rice isn't good on a roll.Anyway, that's all I had and I am definitely going back soon.
4	Service was great, food was very good, nice atmosphere. We all had the Teppanyaki, and the chef did a very good performance :)Music doesn't quite fit would be about my only criticism, but then I'm pretty fussy about my music ;)
5	To start I was a bit hesitant because the location of the place, once we went in all of that went away. I am from NYC and lived in Japan for about 6 years, I know what great sushi is supposed to be and this is it!! The staff was also great even had a special dish made for me and my lady. I will continue to go to this place even though I live 30 minutes away. You should go too. It's worth it.
5	My Hubby and I love this place! We have been going here together now 5yrs. It is always clean and the food is always fresh! Their lunch specials are pretty awesome too!
5	Bought a Google Offer this past weekend, $20 for $40 worth of food.  Stopped to pick up lunch for me and a friend and wow, $40 went far!  And it was GOOD!!!  We had sushi, rolls, tempura veggies, and the monkey brains.  Way too much food for two of us and it was all out of this world.  I'm a huge sushi fan and the fish was sliced perfectly and so so fresh- like butter!  The rolls were great too, not too much rice and a perfect bite size.  We will definitely be back!
4	Went to this place with my husband for the first time yesterday. It was recommended to us by a friend.  I had seen this hidden treasure before, but never been in to the store.  Food was great, and the portion sizes were GREAT.  Prices were good for Happy hour prices, staff was very friendly, and if you need something changed, the staff were only too happy to accomodate this.  There was no Childrens menu, but when asked, the staff said they would be happy to make smaller portions for children.  All in all, we will be going back again.
1	What a let down! After reading the great reviews I was excited to try this place out - I found the food, service, and atmosphere to be below average. Stood at the hostess stand for 5 minutes with no greeting, almost walked out, bad first impression. My spicy tuna roll was decent but the crab roll was 1/2 mayo and 1/2 crab. The waitress was sweet but never checked up on us after she delivered our food. When we were done she came over and looked down at my uneaten roll, I made a comment about it tasting like pure mayo and she just said 'sorry', no offer to replace it or take it off my bill. The fish did not taste fresh, uncaring service, and it took almost 2 hours from start to finish for a few rolls and apps, won't be returning.
3	The sushi rolls are kinda thin. I heard a lot of good things about this place. I only found it to be ok. I was not that impressed. I'd go again but it wouldn't be my first choice.
4	The food keeps me coming back again and again. The New York roll is my favorite - spicy tuna topped with the butteriest avocado, eel sauce and crunch tempura flakes. One of our party got the sashimi boat and the cuts were thick and fresh. Even the chicken teriyaki is quite tasty. That said, I do agree with some of the other reviewers that 1) the place often appears a bit understaffed and not as quick as I'd like and 2) the rolls can be small. Happy hour is 8PM to close, so if you want to fill up for the cost, go then.
4	I LOVE Fresh Wasabi!  This place is consistently good.  Always high quality and fresh.  They have a decent happy hour.  I don't think I've ever ordered something here that I didn't like.  I've tried as many of the rolls, sushi, and sashimi options as I can and I can't even choose a favorite.  I frequently go for the Snow White roll.  The place is small and casual, but clean and the service is usually just fine.  They've also been very accommodating with modifications and even custom-made rolls for one of my veggie-friends.  Go here for good sushi.
4	Great selection and quality. Some of thw best in all of Arizona lies here in Glendale. Try the miso soup and crab puffs to start. Then try the Vegas roll and any other roll on the menu. You will be back soon.
5	My new favorite sushi restaurant. Good food. Good prices. Good seating. Good service. Amazing happy hour.
4	Awesome! The tempura was perfect and the serving size generous. Sushi was excellent. The Korean short ribs were sad, though, the only blemish on an otherwise excellent meal.
5	We've become a stable at this restaurant so much we know the family that owns it.  The happy hour is a great deal for getting some of the common rolls and the Climax roll is one of the best if flavors I've seen.  I like trying new sushi places both in Phoenix and when I travel, but this is the resturant that I keep going back to each time.
4	Great happy hour even on Saturday till 6 and again after 8.  Friendly service and fresh high quality sashimi and fun rolls.  Try the climax!
4	Big Fan of this place.The sushi rolls are excellent and vary from healthy to heart-attack in nature.  All are delicious.  The service is good.  The wait times are pretty minimal, sushi bar is always open.  Ambience is casual.  This is as good as it gets for west-valley sushi.
5	This was the best sushi/sashimi  I have had in the U.S. hands down.  I have had fresher in Japan, but the taste here was incredible.  I live in Tucson, but came up to Phoenix to take my Mom out for a late lunch and asked her where she wanted to go.  It is her favorite sashimi place also.  Even the teriyaki chicken my daughter had was tasty.  Grilled the chicken first, then put the teriyaki sauce over it.
3	I ordered the shoyu ramen.  The photo on the menu showed two slices of pork in the bowl, but mine didn't have any.  Could have been an honest mistake, although since I was the only customer it shouldn't have been that difficult.  The ramen tasted fine, nonetheless.  The ambience was spoiled by loud, annoying pop music.
4	Great collection of Sushi ... They have freshly prepared sushi which is just awesome..The service is also great...Been a regular over here...
3	Groovy Happy Hour specials and innovative rolls are what I remember fondly from Fresh Wasabi. Tuna with mango? Pretty cool. Other rolls covered with flavorful avocado slivers and topped with tempura were pretty nice. I really do appreciate the creativity coming from the chefs, and it totally makes up for the boring, more traditional items that distract you from wise selections from happy hour. I had the most tasteless fried squid ever. If memory serves, these squid bits were breaded and not battered, and served with plain ol' Sriracha. The crab puffs were just 'meh' also, but this serving is definitely more about quantity and tiding you over until the good stuff is ready.Additionally, remember to always refuse deep-fried rolls from your waitress. The eel sauce is weak and sparse, and the only fillings I can recall were cream cheese and regret.As far as drinks, there's a decent sake menu, but seriously, who's gonna shell out for something more expensive than Sho Chiku Bai at a place like this? We just wanna toss it in our Sapporo like bros and call it a day. Protip: Add the "sake bomb" option to your menu (rather than ordering beer and sake separately) like every other sushi bar in your price range. Plum wine was cool though.So in the end, this is a generic sushi bar whose saving grace is a chef with great creativity using limited ingredients. If you want to gorge yourself on deep fried tempura everything, then go right ahead. But that's not the kind of diner I write for. I write for those who like to enjoy something more unique. And if you browse the menu at Fresh Wasabi, I think there's more than enough to pique your interest.
5	This place is one of the best sushi restaurants in town. There is a happy hour in the evenings and another late night happy hour that I believe starts at 8pm. Happy hour prices cannot be beat. You have to try the fresh wasabi too - it really packs a punch! Great service and excellent food.
4	Sushi was good nice portion size, service was good prices weren't bad.  Happy hour menu is great.
5	great happy hour menu there portions are perfect and taste great. love the casual atmosphere. And there guest service was amazing they made us laugh they were prompt. WE WILL definitely go again next time were back in town.
3	Good happy hour spot
5	This place rocks. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the food was top notch and the service was as good as one could hope for. Thank you, Iris!The Climax and the Avalanche rolls were like eating dessert and the Viva Las Vegas Roll was as good as advertised. Maybe better.I live in Boston, my buddy is from Vegas, and my brother in L.A. and we agree this place was exceptional.
5	Great happy hour prices. Fast service and friendly staff. Cheater chopsticks available for the chopstick inclined.  I really enjoyed the raw salmon and tuna. The rolls are also very tasty, but I prefer to gorge on the raw fish. It was Delicious.
4	We've been here three or four times and its probably going to continue to be a regular in our sushi restaurants. The Happy Hour is great as everyone has mentioned and we indulge ourselves with several rolls. Every time we've gone the fish has tasted fresh and the rest of the ingredients have been well balanced. Of course we only eat the simpler rolls nothing deep fried or overly stuffed with cream cheese or it overpowers the rest of the flavors. Good service every time we've been there, we've always had the same waitress and she's been attentive and funny.
4	Came to join my mother on her lunch break at this little spot. It's a decently small restaurant but not too small. The sushi bar is full of interesting fish and colorful veggies. The lunch specials here are great and you have a few different options to choose from. We split a tootsie roll, spicy tuna, and a crazy roll. All were very good but I'm a huge fan of spicy tuna and I wasn't let down! The fish in all of our rolls was very fresh and delicious. The salmon nigiri was fantastic and I always add a sheso mint leaf and squeeze a lemon wedge over the top and wowzers it's amazing give it a try! The albacore shasimi was also great! The prices here are very reasonable although I wish the rolls would have been a little bit larger. I was also pleased to see that they served Saki and not only do they have saki but they have my favorite unfiltered saki!!!The young lady that was working here was very friendly and the sushi chef was also nice! The service was fast and my overall experience was great! I'll defiantly becoming back. I forgot to ask while I was there but I'm interested if they actually have fresh wasabi or if its just their name.
4	I came here on a late Friday night with my wife, we were in the mood for sushi and sashimi. Thought to myself that if this place got such some great review on Yelp! why not give it a shot.First appearance, was it was a cute little restaurant. It was kind of easy to find since it was hidden in the dark end corner of Frys. The place wasn't too packed and wasn't dead either. We were quickly seated and was informed that happy hour was going on. SCORE! We didn't expected happy hour to occur on a Friday night, we thought it was like Kabuki in Glendale.The price for the happy hour was amazingly cheap. For the amount they charge for the item, the food was good/delicious. Majority of the rolls were about $5, my favorite Vegas roll was on the happy hour menu so that was another plus. We order the sashimi for 2 which I believe was about $27 dollars for 3pc of sashimi, there were 5 different sashimi on the cute little boat they brought out. Overall we had a good time at this little shop! We will most definitely be coming back to this place regardless of happy hour or not.The only downside to this, maybe it was the night shift or something, there was only 1 female waiter who was working at the time, maybe her co-worker were on break or something. It was hard to catch her to put in an order or ask for more ginger or to get our bill. Happy hour is: Mon-Friday 2-5Mon-Friday 8-close (10pm)
5	I cannot sing enough praise about Fresh Wasabi! I tried my first ever sushi roll there and immediately became hooked. From the outside it looks like a little restaurant in a strip mall but once you walk in, experience their amazing customer service and FRESH food, you realize how special the place really is. The hostesses are always smiling and ready to help and the chefs take their job very seriously and make sure to only use the freshest ingredients and roll the sushi to the best of their ability. Basically, if you're not happy, they're not happy!I recommend going during their happy hour- they just revamped their menu and it's AMAZING. My boyfriend and I can both eat sushi until the cows come home and we always get plates and plates and walk out with a bill under (highest) $60. I love how many options they have and how if you come in a bit before (or after) happy hour they'll still give you the discount. They want happy customers, they're not just interested in the money, which is refreshing. Also, make sure you get the Las Vegas Roll. It's amazing and if you don't try it, you'll regret it!
5	As a vegetarian I do not normally go to sushi restaurants (big surprise huh!) but my wife loves sushi and she always wants to go.  We decided to go over to Fresh Wasabi because it was next to the office and she wanted sushi.  We were greeted promptly by the chef and waitress and choose to sit at the sushi bar.  Not seeing anything on the menu that was vegetarian I asked the waitress for some options.   To my surprise she started giving me a ton of options that where not on the menu.  I ordered two rolls; (one vegetable tempura based and one tofu based.   They were absolutely fantastic and now I am more than willing to go with my wife to get sushi, as long as it is at Fresh Wasabi.
4	Used to go here a lot a few years back and just went back for the first time last night! Great service, friendly staff, and the food was fresh and delicious! Great little hole in the wall.
4	Wife out of town. She does not eat sushi, so I thought this would be a good week to go out and enjoy. I know very little about sushi, just that I like to eat sushi. Went on Yelp and looked for a well review place near my house. I chose a place but when I got there the sign on the door said NOT on MONDAY. What to do. Pick a well reviewed place near to where I was. Fresh Wasabi was less than a mile away. Decor? I guess typical of most I have been to. Clean friendly people. I was seated as soon as I got there as the place was not super busy. There were about 5 or 6 tables with people enjoying their meal. I always have trouble ordering. I am learning but still need help. I asked my waitress what she suggested. I told her I wanted a verity. She suggested a combination of a tuna roll and about 8 other pieces of different kings of sushi. This ended up to be a great suggestion as I really enjoyed the meal. Way to much for one person to eat. (I did eat it all.) I was stuffed. Meal was served with soup and a salad. Both were excellent. My waitress was very attentive and kept my glass full of tea. For being friendly, helpful. good food, nice quite relaxing meal? This was the best place I have visited (Lets say Arizona). If I want sushi on Monday this is the place.
4	Great sushi for a great price! They have a wonderful selection of specialty rolls and will make you a roll if it's not on the menu.
4	It's fresh alright. Great food, great service. Iris served us well. What more can I say?
3	It's a nice clean restaurant with friendly service.  Lots of sushi to choose from and food is fresh.  However, their rolls seem small to me, and has too much sauce (e.g. teriyaki) on top that overwhelms everything.  They do have ramen, although broth can be creamier.  Their bento boxes offer lots of combinations, but their salad dressing seems to be straight up soy sauce.  I've had better for cheaper.
5	Have been here twice now and every time the sushi has been incredible! I love this place!
5	This place is really amazing. Both times I've been in the service as well as the sushi have been stellar. Their roll menu is extensive and unique while the sashimi and nigiri are melt-in-your-mouth delicious.
5	Hands down, this is my favorite sushi spot.  I used to be an avid Ah-So visitor...USED to be.  I now know what amazing sushi tastes like thanks to Fresh Wasabi.  Each roll I've tried is delicious and filling.  If you go during happy hour, you can easily fill 2 bellies for $20-$30.  Try the spicy crab roll...you will not regret it.
5	My favorite sushi restaurant by far. The climax roll....wow. It is truly amazing. Everything is very fresh. The service is great. 5 stars!
5	I have been looking for a new place for sushi ever since my beloved Kampai changed ownership and fell from grace.  My brother and I made the mistake of watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi and knew we had to find an AUTHENTIC Japanese sushi bar to satisfy cravings the movie evoked.  After several hours of online research, we decided to try Fresh Wasabi at 6645 W Bell not to be confused with the location in Surprise which is not owned by Masa Kim.  Tucked away in a little strip center next to Fry's we found a little piece of heaven. We did Omakase and OMG it was amazing!  We had hamachi, halibut fin, albacore, uni, squid, hawaiian tuna, hamachi kama and more.  Everything was authentic, fresh, and absolutely delicious.  To our delight it was happy hour (daily from 2-6pm) so we enjoyed large beers for only $4.  Masa Kim advised us of his plans to remodel this location in the near future and also told us he recently opened Sushi Style in Moon Valley which we will be trying next...maybe even tonight.  It was that good.
5	Best sushi on the west side! Love it and eat there 3-4 times per week! Fresh and great quality...order the First Love Roll!
4	I love this place. The sushi is very good and tastes fresh. They use just enough eel sauce and tempura on their rolls and have probably the best Vegas roll in town.The service is great and you typically don't have to wait for a table or to sit at the bar, even when they're busy. My only question is how do more people not know about this place!?Keep up the great work!
5	I was driving around and stumbled upon this place next to Fry's.  it's on the SE corner of 67th and Bell.WOW!  I am impressed.  I like the small business aspect - locally owned with the owner being the sushi chef.  You got know it's good when the local Japanese community comes in and they are speaking native tongue with the owner.  I had some standard fares - Spicy Tuna roll, Squid and a special roll called the Crazy roll.  All were delish.  They have the Teppanyaki tables in the back.I will be sure to visit this place again.  Who knows it might be my new favorite sushi place on Bell Road!
2	Fresh Wasabi has always been my favorite sushi place!BUTToday, my whole department went to lunch there to welcome back a co-worker back from leave.  We made a reservation for 11, when we got there, there was 12 of us and the server acted upset when I asked if we could add a table.  She informed me that we were suppose to call with any time or number of guest change.The server served us our lunch, which of coarse was GREAT. We finished eating, she gave us our checks, we paid our tab, with tip. THEN WAS ASKED US TO LEAVE, BECAUSE SHE HAD ANOTHER BIG PARTY COMING IN!VERY RUDE!
5	One of the best sushi restaurants in AZ. The pricing was very good. They provided excellent service. They also let me customize my order to my liking. I would recommend this place over any other sushi restaurant in the valley. I recommend the crazy horse and guilty pleasure rolls. The cucumber salad tasted delicious too.
5	The lunch specials here at this place are fantastic!  $8.99 or $9.99 for a bento lunch, with about 5-7 pieces of delicious sushi, tuna or california rolls, tempura, soup, salad, and edamame.   This is one of the best deals for lunch anywhere!!  The quality of the sushi is usually fantastic to boot.  This is one of my favorite lunch spots.
4	The best sushi on the North side of town. It is reasonable priced and excellent service.
2	It's okay. I know it's not the freshest but it's chewy at times and I do mean the seaweed around the rolls.
2	First timer, never again. Our waiter speak no English whatsoever. She kept nodding yes to everything I said. I told her I was a vegetarian so no meat, only vegetables substitution,  And the only thing she repeated back was no meat! My appetizer came, all that was in my sushi was avocado and cream cheese.....  yeah. Smh.Also, i ordered the udon vegetable. I noticed it was taking a very long time to come out. So I ask the waiter, she said ten minutes....  fifteen minutes passed by, I ask another waiter about my entree, she said the vegetable udon was never ordered. I had to get up several times for napkins, wasabi, hot water and the bill..So there you have it!
5	Best sushi in town! I wouldn't change a thing about the food or staff. I always leave feeling great about my purchase, they say hi to me and always remember my first name! I would love to see them relocate to a space that reflects the quality of their food, I could see this restaurant going big places with a newer and larger space, & maybe some trendy decor.  Best tasting sushi in Glendale hands down, not as fancy of building ... but if you are a true sushi lover this is the place for taste!!!!!!!First Love & Las Vegas roll here are the best I've ever had.Aimee & Logan
4	This is one of those quiet and cozy sushi gems one occasionally stumbles upon. We only found it because the other sushi place we were going to was closed on Monday, and Fresh Wasabi was just down the street (thank you, GPS!). Plenty of parking and easy to get in. We went kind of late so it was not crowded at all and we had the staff's undivided attention. Really good happy hour specials and if I remember correctly they had a "reverse happy hour" or something like that going where you got the happy hour prices on certain items at the end of the night. Nice. The sashimi boat we ordered was made quickly, looked impressive and was delicious. Our sushi chef had a real nice energy and the staff was courteous and helpful. And the kicker was the fresh wasabi we were offered to go with our sashimi. I don't think I had ever had wasabi in it's raw form and it was fantastic! Talk about a rush! I would definitely eat here again and again.
4	Considerably better than the surprise location. Not sure if it's the happy hour pricing or the food quality. May also be the lighting as it doesn't feel as drab.
3	I have eaten at this place for many years, and since it was Mr Sushi quite a while ago. It is a cute little family owned restaurant and the food is pretty good, although the sushi rolls are very small. The green tea from here is very good and the sushi comes out quickly.I like this place, but none of the food ever really stands out or really impresses me. It is never bad though either, which is why I gave it 3 stars.
5	This is one of the best places for sushi in Phoenix. High quality sashimi with great sushi chefs and servers. Bora is the best server their.
5	I love Fresh Wasabi! This place is my go-to for sushi. You wouldn't expect much looking at it from the outside! The happy hour deals are superb and the sushi has always been delicious. I have been here plenty of times with friends and family and I am never disappointed. Service is friendly and attentive. Definitely try it. I recommend it to everyone!
5	A little hidden gem! I must admit this is my favorite place for sushi so far in az! I have been to plenty "high end" sushi joints and this one blows then away! Amazing fresh sushi for a good price! Their happy hour menu is perfect, it has almost everything on there that you would normally order. It's not just crappy rolls. Service is beyond good every time I go. If you want good sushi for a cheap cost this is the place. Last Friday I went with a group of friends together we ordered a Las Vegas roll, rainbow roll, California roll, edamame, miso soup, and 5 sake bombs are tab was only $45!!! Highly recommend this place over anywhere else!
5	Haven't tried very many sushi places in the valley, but this is definitely the best I've had. Great prices, delicious food and good atmosphere and employees. Will undoubtedly return and recommend to others.
5	Haven't had sushi in forever and this place hit the spot! My semi sushi virgin boys enjoyed the deep fried rolls and their first warning for Wasabi from the staff... who was wonderful all the way around. Can't wait to come back and do this again!
5	Lots of Love goes into the making of this restaurant   The best Yellowtail we've had in years ! I ordered off my usual path and had some baked rolls , Fantastic! And twice as much roll as most other major restaurants ! Too bad for that , couldn't try the entrees  guess I'll be back
4	The Yellow Tail was some of the freshest and sweetest fish I've ever had. I love salmon and it was great, buttery and sweet but the Yellow Tail was just out of this world. So many rolls to choose from. The service and the staff were fast and courteous. Price was middle of the road, not cheap and not outrageous.  if you find yourself around Bell & 67th Ave. I highly recommend you stop in and treat yourself.
4	I really like this place. Staff is friendly and the food is really good. They have good happy hour deals and you never have to wait too long. Sometimes the seaweed is a little chewy sometimes but nothing too bad. Good job fresh wasabi!
