3	I'm not going to lie, my friend and I came here solely for the purpose of spotting some MLB players during Spring Training. Instead we found ourselves in the midst of Phoenix's own Cougar Country. This place was packed! The raucous ladies w. their cigs (you can still smoke in doors in AZ), the Neil Diamond-loving karaoke entertainer, and the sirloin special all proved almost as rewarding as a sighting of Danny Haren. Even though the players have undoubtedly found somewhere cooler to hang out, I still thoroughly enjoyed the old school steakhouse ambiance of Pink Pony.
4	The Pink Pony is a scottsdale institution, I think. So I finally made it into here for dinner one Friday night. It's very dim with dark furniture & paneling - think supper club. It wasn't the best steak I've ever had but it was good and certainly very reasonably priced! I was sitting in a booth near the bar & the stage. I thoroughly enjoyed the lounge singer! He was cheesy & funny and he appears to have quite a following. While we were sitting there eating, the bar was filling up & up & up with folks in their 40s-70s, dressed to the NINES. (I want to be like that when I'm old!) They were singing & dancing and generally having a fantastic time. When my parents visit I want to take them here. I think they will think it's a "hoot".
3	The memorabilia lining the walls is fun and interesting, the food was ok, we lucked in to a kick ass parking space and a table (with out a reservation!).  Service was fine.  Doesn't seem like a prime place for baseball player spotting, but it's a handy place to stop by right after a game at Scottsdale Stadium.
4	Well if you find yourself in Scottsdale, you must stop by the Pink Pony for the experience alone. When my sister told me we had to stop by for a visit I was sure she was dragging us to a strip club, but no, just your good old fashion steakhouse.I dug it because in the hoity toityness that is Scottsdale, this place is old skool (with a k) On your way in don't forget to stop and admire the pink pony that stands outside the doors. Why? Well , I am not sure but its cool.Stepping inside this place will tranform you back to a time when wood paneling was all the rage, and vinyl was the way to go. The food was decent, big portions and not too bad price-wise. The waitress was in classic diner form. She sounded as if she had been smoking since she was a baby, but was super friendly and fast. The best part was the dude who sang on the 'stage'. He does take requests, but be careful, he does not appreciate being filmed.
4	this is my secret hideout to sit in a dark booth, grab an egg salad sandwich and read a book during lunch.  outside of spring training season, it's a quiet little steakhouse with a bunch of old people eating their mid-day meals and some business meetings.  the wait staff is super nice and will remember you after you go one time.  plus, i like how it's all old school and they serve you your iced tea on a saucer with a spoon and you get a yummy dinner roll with crackers next to your salad.  sometimes i want to spend my whole work day inside. oh yeah, the air conditioning is out of control if you're looking for a place to cool off in the summer.
3	With a name like, "The Pink Pony," I was expecting a strip club.  I was pretty sure my parents and their friends wouldn't take me to see naked ladies dancing, but I couldn't help but wonder if they were undergoing some sort of dementia.  Once we arrived to the restaurant, I still wasn't convinced.  Cut outs of pink ponies adorned the exterior.  Thank goodness, my parents hadn't lost their minds:  the Pink Pony was indeed a restaurant.  This was one of those old-style steak and dry martini joints, apparently frequented by the local baseball teams. Melba Toast and plastic packaged bread sticks rested in a basket on our table.  I wondered how long they had been there.The menu was fairly straight forward:  a few different types of steaks and some seafood items, mostly fried.  I opted for the Pink Pony Special:  top sirloin and my choice of a potato and salad.  My steak was served as I ordered it, medium rare.  The salad was nondescript and the potato came with a tiny ramekin of sour cream only.   The interesting items on my plate were the deep fried onions and zucchini.  The food wasn't terribly exciting or tasty, but I liked this place.  It actually had personality in a town that has been taken over by large shopping malls and chain restaurants.  It boldly declares its character without any kind of shame.  I think that's pretty cool.
5	Way cool that is all I can say!!!  We also walked by and thought it was a strip club, but then peeked in and it was a very old school dining room..  Great service and food.. Had the Salmon and it was to die for..
4	A lively spot with great steaks. We kept waiting for the drag divas to come, but they never did. Sadness. What a deceiving name for a restaurant.
3	In the day, the Pink Pony was THE BASEBALL HANGOUT and on a recent trip to Spring Training I was really looking forward to coming here, seeing some players and soaking in the experience.But I was sadly disappointed. It seemed old and worn out. A faded lady looking for customers that will never come again. It wasn't the food's fault because the food was good. It wasn't the service because the service was great. I can't put my finger on it but I think the Pink Pony's time has past. New, more modern establishments have taken over and so the crowds pass by for them. We went to them and yes, they were more alive and more fun.If I go back to Phoenix again, I will visit the Pony again and bring friends but I won't be expecting what I expected the first time I visited it.
1	I can't think of anything positive to say about this place. For the quality of food you get here, I think this place is overpriced. My boyfriend got the fillet and said it tasted like it had been refrozen then cooked. I don't know what that tastes is like, but I guess horrible. I had the salmon and it was flavorless and overcooked so was the rice. The bread didn't taste fresh and I wondered if it was just bought at the grocery store and heated up in the micro. Our server was slow and ignored us most of the night even though there were maybe 4 other tables seated in the place. And the singer was well, different... Won't go back here and won't recommend this place to others.  :(
4	The oldest restaurant in Scottsdale is something worth checking out. The service is amazing. The food isn't maestros so don't walk in expecting something it is not. One night I was there with some buddies. It was pretty dead and it was us and some elderly "cowboys" at the bar. I guess they had live music that night. The gentleman who was going to sing came up and wanted to check with us if it would be alright if he preformed, he explained his songs could be a little vulgar. Obviously we didn't care, how bad could they be? WOW! I have never heard anything so vulgar in my life, and they were country & western songs. It was amazing! Now don't be scared off like this is a regular occurrence. I am sure they aren't trying to offend their clientele but if you don't mind try and check it out.
4	My out-of-town relatives love this place and I don't blame them.You've got decent-sized dinner portions of good steak and sides....you've got an old school atmosphere...and it's in a walkable section of town.  Not badly priced either given that it's a steakhouse.  It's been in Scottsdale for decades and has seen the town change.  I hope it never goes away.You can hang out there for a long time and nobody's in a hurry to kick you out.  I think one time I spent over two hours at my table just hanging out with my Aunt after dinner and having a few more drinks.  I've got to give props to the one-man karaoke band.  I think he performs every night.  He can barely carry a tune, but he's part of the atmosphere and gets people dancing sometimes.  It's a happy place.
2	I work near the "pony" and will go here for a cheap Prime Rib lunch once and a while. It's not bad. My complaint about this place is that nothing is fresh. I had dinner there last night and from the cellophane wrapped crackers on the table to the obviously bagged lettuce to the previously frozen mixed vegetables, nothing was fresh. The Pink Pony draws an obviously older crowd, I am in my 30's and was one of the youngest people there. This place has more of a standing as a Scottsdale landmark than a good steakhouse. The Karaoke singer guys is entertaining though.
5	This is an awesome place...step back in time with amazing decor, baseball memorabilia, and caring service.  This restaurant  was the first one built in Scottsdale (and a different location first), and the floors were handmade wood...before tongue and groove.  The menu includes its specialty of sirloin steak, but I had the liver and onions and my sister enjoyed a mouth-watering hand-pressed burger.  Stiff drinks.  Fruit cocktail on the menu.  We expected Frank Sinatra to walk in the door at any minute.  The bar singer Steve York (on Friday and Saturday nights) reminds you of a cruise singer...fun...engaging the audience.  This was the place to be during spring training time, and owners Charlie (who died in 2002) and Gwen knew all the players by name and handed out a free steak dinner to the guys who hit homeruns. This is a place not to be missed!!!
5	This place is a classic.  Good food for a decent price.  Staff is awesome.  You can't go wrong with this place.  The charcoal broiled shimp are amazing.  If you go, ask for Linda for your server.  She rocks.
4	If you haven't been, you need to go ... I've been many, many times, and the service is always good, the food is always consistently good, and the drinks are not expensive and are potent - I like that!  Just had lunch there - Friday about 12:30 - had the chicken fried steak special - huge plate of deliciousness - they have 3 lunch specials everyday - Monday thru Friday.  I love the steaks at dinner time.  I always get the same thing - the Pink Pony Special - a sirloin steak a baked potato a salad and a fried onion ring and a fried zuccini ring with fresh homemade biscuits - $16  ... give it a go ... ask for Linda - she's the greatest!  Enjoy!
5	We went here for dinner and the place was closed!  We ate at Bandera's next door!  Bartender at Banders told us the Pink Pony was closed for good...the end of an era...thanks economy!!!  We will miss you Pink Pony!!!
1	The queen of Phoenix baseball eateries is closed. A sad, sad, sad day. The stories that were told in the place could fill the Hall Of Fame. In the 50's, 60's, 70's and 80's it was out the door crowded. It was THE PLACE TO SEE AND BE SEEN.Alas, the economy and competition have done their best to shutter history. So long sweet baby, I'll miss your special charms and Scottsdale is a lesser place for your demise.
4	Who wouldn't want to eat at a place called the Pink Pony?!  Very dated-looking on the inside.  Think 1960's supper club.  Still, they don't disappoint in the meat department.  Great steaks!
2	We have made it a point to come to this restaurant when we are in town. This was our first visit since the new mgmt has taken over.the service was adequate, drinks expensive and the food prices priced out of the market. This was the most expensive steak my husband has ever eaten. We and the friends who live here locally, will not be returning.
5	Great Food & AWSOME service! Will is an AWSOME server! We have come for several years & this year to the "new" Pink Pony, the ambiance has greatly improved with the same great food that brings us back again & again!  We highly recommend this restaurant & will be back again soon!
3	Wow has the Pink Pony changed!  Decor: 5 starI remember driving by the old pepto bismol pink building with the giant wood horse.  It looked like a place where people came to play bridge.  The new restaurant front is awesome.  It's completely open to the street with modern touches, but it still keeps alive some Old Town Scottsdale charm.  The decor feels like a happy marriage between Ocean Prime in City North and Olive & Ivy at the Waterfront.There are high booths for privacy when sitting inside.  The lighting feels a little museum like with spotlights, so I felt like I was on display a little bit.  There's a warm color palette with a neat all glass wine rack in the back. Service: 4 starService was great.  Hostess greeted us with a smile and showed us to the table.  They give you an old milk glass full of water to refill yourself.  The drinks came quickly, and the staff was always available.  The pacing was also correct, and they never bothered us towards the end as we were finishing our wine.The only dink is that they left the menu's on our table all night which was fine for me.Drinks: 5 starThey have a lot of beers on tap.  I was pleasantly surprised they were doing a special draft selection with Goose Island (from my home town of Chicago).  They also had some wines I have never seen at an AZ restaurant.  One of my favorite wineries in Sonoma is Gundlach Bunschu, and they had one of their table cuvee's on the list.The mixed drinks looked interesting, but I stuck with beer and wine.Food: 2 starFrom what I heard, the menu has been "dumbed down" due to spring training clientelle.  Everything had the old Pink Pony steak house feel on the menu, except for a few appetizers (brats, grilled cheese sliders).We ordered scallop crudo, beet salad, spinach and kale ravioli, and debris pizza (duck bacon, pork belly).The scallop crudo was by far the best of the bunch.  Beet salad was typical.  The ravioli was very dry and the cheese on top overpowered all the flavors.  If I closed my eyes, the pizza would've tasted like a sausage pizza.Overall:I would wrap it up with what my fiance said before we left... "I'd come back here for a few drinks after work.  The scallops were good though"Unfortunately, I put more weight on food.  There are plenty of places around town with great service and scenery to grab a drink.  I'll do a second review again when they change their menu after spring training.
4	Swung in here before a Giants game this week. It's only been open a couple days but the drinks and food we had were on point. Good service. Huge beer selection and knowledgeable bartenders. They did a great job (and clearly spent a lot of money) on the remodel. It's not the classic dark steakhouse that it once was. The menu is definitely not like the old Pink Pony...in a good way. A lot of variety on the menu so there's something for everyone. I can only give four stars at this time as we only shared a few appetizers, but when we return for a full meal and if it is consistent with the appetizers we had I'd gladly give it five stars.
1	Avoid, please.
4	I am mostly a Yelp taker, so this review is penance for all the times I've looked here for what to order and what to avoid at a new restaurant and found helpful answers.1. The Pony Burger is the best I have ever had. No, you do not have to get it with a fried egg. If you like burgers, order up one, medium, and see what I mean. You will not even need a condiment.2. We tried the beet salad. It needed more zip. But maybe this is not the place for salads.3. The pizzas will surprise you. They come out looking crusty and big, but they are not crusty, they are just perfect, and the Debris knocked out even the eaters who don't care for meat.4. The macaroni and cheese. We scraped the skillet clean.5. The scallops: Huge and awesome! 6. Our one steak eater adored the ribeye. (It didn't hurt that the kitchen screwed up his order and he had to wait for a new one, so management comped him.)7. That grilled cheese slider appetizer is yummy and fun to share.8. Dessert? Yes -- the caramel apple upside down cake. Worth all calories, very sharable. Note that the last dessert, house made ice cream and shakes, does not exist, darn it, and probably will be removed from the menu.DO have a cocktail, they are huge and fairly priced, and the wine list is full of interesting choices in a wide range of prices.The booths for four are comfy, though they should have been pink, but the booths for two seem a little tight. Cozy, some might say. High praise for the acoustics -- this place was buzzing on Friday night yet conversation was easy.One nostalgia note: I visited here twice this week and was remembered the second time. That is what the old Pink Pony was about, not the tired decor and huge steaks. If management can find and keep great servers (and clearly from the early reviews this will take time), they will be successful at merging the best of the old into the new.
4	Based really on only my lunch sandwich for price and quality The Pink Pony is deserving of four stars.I like the cool modern decor and the roofed patio and the cool music they were playing. I didn't partake in alcohol but they offered interesting sounding drinks, craft beers and reasonably priced wines.It was hard to decide on lunch because they offer many high Carb tasty sounding appetizers pizzas and sandwiches. I do note they also offer healthier options like several  salads. If I remember correctly none of the salads offered have chicken and I don't remember reading any chicken on the menu. Two sandwiches caught my eye! House made pastrami and the Fried Walleyed Pike. It was hard to decide but I went with Walleyed Pike because it's so rare that you can get it in Arizona and when you do it's expensive! Walleyed Pike is a really delicious Mild Meaty Fish that is Way above average that's very good.I soon receive my platter. My sandwich is as Big as a Whale! I picked the Caesar Salad option thinking it might be lighter than fries,chip or tots (all house made) but it was topped with the tastiest crusty chewy bread I had to bite into. I decide I am not able to eat my meal as a sandwich and really only needed the fish and salad because that's enough food for me. My fish tasted good the batter seemed light and crisp. My greens were fresh and had a generous amount of what seemed like quality Italian Cheese. I did taste my Brioche Bun and it was so soft and fresh and rich and like I said before the grilled crusty bread that topped my salad was really delicious bread. For me this platter has too much bread but I don't feel the need to remove any stars because what I tried was all good and a bargain at only $12.00.Service was very much above average.I'll go back!
3	Place is nice and trendy. Casual atmosphere. Nice patio area. But thats the only nice thing. Waiter seemed annoyed all night. We also made reservations to sit on the patio and there were a bunch of drunk guys sitting in front of us on the ledge of the restaurant on the other side. Blocked our entire view of the street. Staff noticed and didn't say anything. Food is good. Steak salad was a Caesar salad with steak on the side. Nothing special.  But mac n cheese was amazing. Although I wouldn't go again.
5	Great experience.  We were so happy that they have re-opened.  The walleye fish sandwich was great, the pony burger was huge, and the Sicilian pizza was very tasty.  What put this place over the edge was our server Vincent he was very attentive, knew about the items on the menu, and had great stories about spring training, just a really great young man.
4	We stopped in for lunch after shopping in downtown Scottsdale, the newly remodeled Pink Pony is beautiful! The menu was full of good choices, and the service was awesome. I tried the fried bologna sandwich, it was very good!  Great place to stop in for lunch and dinner.
5	There are challenges to eating out when you're spoiled by Manhattan, but thanks to a great bartender and a delicious menu, we couldn't have made a better choice.Dining room was busy so we opted for the bar, to our tremendous benefit.  If you would like to talk whiskey, scotch or classic cocktails, see Mr. Ryan at the bar.   Great experience, and the food was great too.
4	Living in AZ for close to eight years, I've driven by Pink Pony more times than I can count... but prior to living here in AZ, I lived in Atlanta, and the Pink Pony that resides in Atlanta is a little bit different than this one.  It happens to be a huge strip club!I'd just thought I'd give a little bit of background on why I never made my way to the AZ Pink Pony until recently... nothing against strip clubs, but I think in my head, any mention of Pink Pony just made me think of strippers and not food or drink.  It's funny though, as now that the AZ Pink Pony has been completely renovated and re-opened under a new owner, I'm just now learning about all of the history to this more than 60-year-old landmark restaurant!So, while I may not have visited in it's original condition, I can vouge for this latest version and can say that I'm a big fan... I met some girlfriends for drinks and dinner on a recent weeknight and we had a very positive experience.  All of the staff members we encountered during our dinner were friendly and attentive.  Our server, Beth, was sweet and knowledgeable about the menu.  In addition to a few glasses of wine, we tasted the Nosh Board, Farmer's Salad, the Pony Burger, the Kale and Brussels, the pretzel bread, and the Caramel Apple Upside-Down Cake.  Beth was up front with us about her favorite salad being the Farmer's Salad, and it was a good call, but worth noting that if you want to add salmon to it, it will cost you a hefty $14 on top of the $14 for the salad alone.  Also, if you go for the burger, you have to request it with the fried egg... the menu makes it seem like it will come with the egg automatically (and our did not).  The burger was still awesome by the way, even without the egg!  The rest of the menu looks tasty too... from an 18 oz. "Niman Ranch" Bone-In Ribeye to the salmon, scallops, grouper, and Turkey Pot Pie and more... there really is something for everyone!  I look forward to exploring more of the menu on a future visit.  Next time I'll try a different dessert though; the Caramel Apple Upside-Down Cake wasn't all that... it was more like a simple spice cake; nothing special.  Lucky for us though, the night we were there, we also were able to have some of a special grand re-opening sheet cake... The redesign of the restaurant has a clean and classy feel to it.  I love that it offers a private room in back and a nice patio out front.  Needless to say, our evening was great from start to finish, so I say giddy up... if you're looking for somewhere new to check-out, you can't go wrong with the (new version of) the Pink Pony!
2	I had never been to the original version of the pink pony but decided to check it out as the new revamped version. I cannot say with any certainty what they are going for now. From what I know of the old place it was Old Arizona.  A concept which I feel is worth hanging on to. I think they are now attempting to attract the young Scottsdale crowd but they didn't seem to capture that space. My husband and I were by far the young ones in there. Our service was one of the worst parts. She was nice but not any good. She had no knowledge of the menu. I can't stand that. You work here, know your product. I would get fired from my job if I knew nothing about it. She also disappeared for a very long time so I had to hunt down someone else for ketchup for our fries and another soda. The food itself was mediocre. I had the crispy chicken that wasn't crispy and my husband had the burger which was not a stand out. Something else that I ALWAYS find to be an important way to know more about a restaurant is by visiting their bathroom. A truly good restaurant leaves no part of itself unattended. This place could have cared less. There was a soaking half used roll of toilet paper sitting on the vanity and crap all over the floor. There was no part of my experience here that would ever make me go back.
3	It does not inspire confidence when your bar tendar has to look up on his phone the most basic of drinks, not complicated high ball drinks I'm talking white Russians and Manhattans, service was slow and food was not stand out, I could say these things could be attributed to growing pains but we wont be back to find out.
4	Delicious redone oldie in old town Scottsdale, I had the farmers salad and shrimp cocktail. Both were fresh and delicious.. Ribs were good but not the fall off the bone style, more chewy and Kansas City style BBQ sauce.
5	Great Day! Bartender was funny, and nice to us, and also the food was just what the doctor ordered! Everything is made from scratch, and their beer selection is amazing! I have to say the ambiance is just as spectacular as the service! Great decor, and good vibe! I will definitely make this a regular place!
4	Great food, very expensive, but worth it for a nice meal. We had two drinks called infusions (shots but good) and grilled cheese sliders which were awesome. We also had a brussel sprout and kale salad, which was absolutely awesome. Total $40 though.
5	Had a group of 20+ for a private party in the back room. Food was a 10+, service was outstanding. Had a great time, will definatley be back.
5	Was overall impressed with the new Pink Pony!  We ordered a bunch of appetizers, entries and mixed drinks. We shared all!  We ordered; the Mac and Cheese sliders--such a cute idea, the pretzels with cheese--very good, I think the pretzels are deep fried,  a pizza with pork belly, lamb bacon and egg--very good, and mac and cheese.  Was impressed with the food and decor!
5	Absolutely amazing food, drinks, atmosphere and service!  Price may be a little high sometimes but their happy hour deals are amazing AND I sometimes make exceptions about the price for a place this good.  I absolutely love the Cuban sandwich served at lunch time, and that's saying a lot from someone who normally doesn't like mustard and never eats pickles.  I am so happy I tried it the way the chef designed it because now I wouldn't have that sandwich any other way.  The fries are wonderfully seasoned and obviously fresh.  Another thing I love about the food is that almost everything is made in house, and that's why their pickles are amazing!The pretzels and beer cheddar fondue are amazing, the pretzels are soft on the inside and the right amount of crustiness on the outside.  The cheese warm, white, and I love the ever so slight chunks in it. The duck breast at dinner time over the parsnip puree is an incredible dish that I never thought I'd try/like.  Oh and you can't forget their fabulous Pony Burger!  I love the pork belly it comes with, as well as the garlic aioli spread on the bun.  I have no complaints, it's a beautiful restaurant that I unfortunately didn't get to visit when it was the old pink pony but all that matters is how fantastic this one is.  You can also tell they pay attention to detail well, as the servers do everything "the right way" in my eyes, are very knowledged, friendly and prompt.  I love this place!!
4	Been here twice now and a fan. Went for dinner the first time and food was great. Service was slow but it was like week 3 so I can't be negative about that. Went for hh last week and really likes it. Great drinks, wine and food specials till 7pm. No complaints at all. Might be our new  go to hh place.
4	I have not seen the previous establishment but the new ownership did a great job with the new look and decor.  I sat in the comfy large booth and shared the Chopped salad (beautifully packed with colors of grilled chicken, diced cucumbers, sliced red bell peppers, bacon, mixed greens, corn, and pork bits) and the Pink Pony burger (website description: WI cheddar, crispy pork belly, avocado, garlic aioli, slow roasted tomato, bibb lettuce and butter bun - minus the fried egg) with fries. Too full for dessert. Since it was restaurant week they had a panna cotta dessert which is not on their regular menu. Asked if it was possible to sub that for their regular dessert and the waitress said they ran out and keep them for the restaurant week menu. What a bummer. I would have ate that one even when I was super full. It would be nice to add that to their dessert menu as a regular.
5	I love this place. My first time here and not the last either. The place is hip and cool. I ordered the turkey pot pie was the finest I have ever had . Great service too. Love the menu too.
4	I've been here a few times and the food and service have always been good.  They have one of the best craft beer selections on tap in town.
5	Ive been all over the world And eaten in many fine and high dollar establishements And this the best steak and nice meaty scallops I have ever eaten World class service And the best dang drinks ever In for a treat try the mules Dont miss out on the baja style shrimp cevicheCant beat sitting and chatting with the owner and managnent Save room for the key lime pie
5	Wonderful place to dine lovdThe ambience and the serviceBrett our server is absolutly fabulouse Having a perfecy grilled piecd of swordfish setved with wildrice*make sure you try the mulles*And look out for the owner  Lee, such a sweet  and wonderful guy,he's allways walking around and checking on people to make sure everything is going well. If your in the mood for wonderfull food at an age old place thats been around,  stop in and try the fillet and or the fish dishes. Have a day your craving a fantastic lunch go in snd try the pony burger or the beer brats their to die for.
5	What an amazing dinning experience. The food is excellent the service was top notch and how can you beat the location. The Pink Pony right in the heart of old town Scottsdale must be on the list of great places to eat. I would recommend this anyone visiting Arizona.
5	Beautiful and modern. Service is top notch and pizza was perfection, light & crispy. Burrata was heaven! Gorgeous decor and awesome happy hour deals. I highly recommend the new Pink Pony.
5	absofreakinglutely orders of magnitude better than the old place. Scallops fantastic, pork chop tender and juicy, pot pie fantastic. brick oven has actual coals as does the grill. PBnJ beingnets awesome.
5	Not too shabby! Place looks awesome inside and out.. We've been here 3 times since it reopened. The food has been really good!  This past visit my boyfriend and I got the pork belly pizza and the buratta plate.  Their house made bread went perfect with the cheese and the little salad it came with but I wouldnt have minded another kind on the plate.  Next we had the pretzels and fondue. Ohhhh my god!  They were fantastic!  The other half got a burger and I skipped to dessert because I am a sweets junkie. I LOVE desserts. His burger was awesome, he mmmmed over the whole thing. I was a little jealous but waited impatiently and snacked on the left over pizza. FINALLY! For dessert I had the mud pie semi fredo which apparently means half frozen and was as awesome as it sounds. It was like mocha ice cream but lighter than ice cream with home made oreo crumbs. The boyfriend opted for my other childhood flashback for his dessert and got the cream sickle pot du creme with these awesome little biscotti cookies.  It tasted just like the ice cream! It was so cool and delicious, I kept stealing bites from him. I read someone else really liked the key lime pie trifle, too.  I'll try that next time for sure.  I love the play on old fashioned desserts turning them into something new and exciting instead of the overplayed copout dessertsService was fantastic. Our server who's name I can't remember was knowledgable and punctual but not over attentive and had all the best beer suggestions to accompany our meal. Maybe some of the other folks on here went on an off night or may be one of those people who does nothing but complain (I read some other reviews posted by some negative nancies..) we thought it was great!!
4	We went to Pink Pony last night for my birthday dinner, made a reservation for 8pm and told them we were celebrating a birthday. I loved the food at Pink Pony, by far the best fillet I have ever had, it was a juicy thick slab of meat that cut like butter and melted in your mouth. The fillet was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the bartender Ashley. We were sat in her section of the bar in a booth. When she came over I asked about wines and asked to try a few before making my decision since they were out of my usual choice, and she seemed quite annoyed with having to serve a drink as bartenders do. Then halfway through the appetizer she was too busy drying wine glasses that my date had to go up to the bar and order another drink. She forgot part of my meal because she admittedly "grabbed it to fast before making sure it was done". So, throughout all of dinner she only came to the table a total of 3 times start to finish. Then there was a group in the back of the restaurant singing along to the radio  loudly and out of tune. You would think adults would be better behaved in a nice expensive restaurant. They along with Ashley put a damper on my birthday dinner. In my opinion if I am spending over $100 on dinner for two, I better get $100 dollar service. Luckily we had a coupon for 25% off orherwise it wouldn't have been worth the bad service, to say the least the food was Pink Ponys saving grace. I would recommend trying this place but do not sit in Ashley's section. Also don't go for a birthday celebration expecting a song or a free dessert. They wouldn't dare charge $50/person and give away a $6 piece of cake.
5	I wanted to dislike this place since my coworkers always want to go here but after being here 4 times now, I just can't. The service is always prompt, never missing a chance to offer another drink before you're finished. The kitchen has always provided the food efficiently and prepared properly. I recommend any of their pizzas, they always hit the spot.
5	BEST STEAK IN SCOTTSDALE.  Hands down.  I don't think a word was said during dinner.
4	Great place to grab a drink but not a place for kids.
1	Drinks and appetizers are good. But if you like raw chicken for dinner then your crazy.
5	So good!  Dropped by based on Yelp reviews.  Amazing food and cocktails.  Our server was fun and very attentive!  The bartender created something special for my wife that was very good!  The nosh plate was excellent.  You can't go wrong with this place at all!
4	I was in Scottsdale for a conference and was apprehensive of their restaurant choices.  My colleagues and I stumbled upon the Pink Pony and I was an instant fan!  They have great atmosphere, decent beer menu, and their happy hour pricing on those delicious little pizzas was totally on point.  Unfortunately, it's unlikely I'll have the opportunity to revisit the Pink Pony but I am super happy I discovered it while I was there.  It's a winner!
5	Went early dinner and enjoyed some great. Food in a nice atmosphere with excellent and attentive service. We started with am excellent choice of the nosh plate.  Great choice of cheeses and meats. Thoroughly enjoyed it For dinner we had the pork chops and the Turkey pot pie. The two large pork chops were perfect and the pot pie was the best ever. Home made puff pastry and perfectly cooked on the inside the vegetables were slightly firm but not over cooked.  Fantastic. Great service!
5	Where do I start? Cocktails! This joint has an entire section of their menu for Moscow Mule variations. That's it. End of review.Nooo. I kid. But if you're a fan of Moscow mules take a Lyft here. Partnered with a drinking friend during Happy Hour we were able to sample four of the six available. All include ginger beer. $5 during HH!Yes, FIVE dollars.[Be still my heart.]Happy Hour is sweet. Mon-Sat 3 to 7pm. If you come on Sunday a bottle of wine and pizza (or prime rib) is only $20. Monday 1/2 priced wine. Tuesdays offer $4 craft beers. My partner in crime narrowed our eating options to street tacos ($3/piece) and a $7 pizza. (What can I say? I'm a cheap date.) The tacos we had were amazing. I'd eat those again in a heartbeat. The pizza of the day was delightful.This is a stunning restaurant. Outside seating for when the The Oven temperatures are not in effect. The bar has great seating. (You can comfortably enjoy a meal there.) Booths abound. Pink Pony has *tons* of baseball memorabilia. On the sidewalk is the original home base plate from the Scottsdale Stadium!Being greeted like family at the door by the owner set the mood. I *adored* my visit to Pink Pony.
4	These guys are back and still great. Never disappointed, never had a bad experience, good American food.
2	Not a good experience.  There were maybe 10 dinners  in this entire restaurant and we had terrible service.  Vincent, our waiter was absent for most of the service.  We had to hunt someone down to get our waters refilled and cocktails were just OK.  We ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees.  Appetizers were very good, entrees were average at best.  My Med-rare steak was overcooked, the pork chop had a funny taste and fish was over seasoned.  ' We would have sent them back but, VINCENT WAS NO WHERE TO BE FOUND.  We were charged a 20% gratuity, because we had six in our party. (which may explain our terrible service). Menu price point was very good but, we would not return or recommend this restaurant.
1	What a let-down !!! We recently moved within walking distance to the Pony and could not wait to give it try. Once and DONE. Shrimp in the Cocktail were at least 2 days old, not fresh steamed at all, like "rubber". Pizza was "BLACK" on the entire bottom, burnt and overdone, cheese was like bubblegum, by no means a high quality mozz. The sausage on the pie was bland and nothing special. What a shame, because they did a great job on the renovation. Don't get drawn in by the eye-candy. With all the great places in town this joint needs to up its game big time !!!
4	Three trips there so far as a family, my daughter there an additional time on a date.  No disappointments at all.  I'm a fan of the Oxaca Mule, my family loves the other cocktails.  The nosh plate is very good, I love the roasted beet salad, and the pork chops we had are among the best I've eaten in a restaurant.  The hamburger is amazing, too.  No problem whatsoever with wait staff  - very good service each time from Anthony and Jeremy -- cheerful, knowledgeable about the food, and didn't miss a beat.  Live music the other night, which was delightful.  It was not too loud or otherwise intrusive and it added a festive air.
4	Overall, we love the new menu but please, please, please bring back the Pony Burger!! (Onion jam is delish, btw)
1	When Pink Pony re-opened after its complete renovation, I loved it.  My roommate and I routinely had lunch, dinner, and happy hour at the place.  The chef was incredible and the ingredients were top notch.  The price point was very reasonable for the quality, particularly for lunch and happy hour.I had been traveling for work a lot, so a few months went by without going to the Pink Pony. Unfortunately, I went back last week, and they have a new chef with a new "take" on the menu.  It's awful - the new burger, which they call their take on the "Big Mac," is horrible...  I would've preferred to eat at McDonalds.  Somehow the french fries were inedible, which is nearly impossible to do with french fries.I'm guessing the owner wanted to cut costs so he fired a great chef and replaced him with a mediocre chef buying garbage ingredients at huge margins.  Very depressing -- it was a great spot.
2	First visit to this upscale restaurant that appears to have been newly renovated.  The design/decor was great, but the atmosphere was a little odd as the numerous TV's around seemed to fight w/ the upscale expectation/pricing.  The service was disappointing as we had to ask for silverware, salt & pepper, lemons for our water, etc. I expected more at this price point.  The valet service was evidently not working this nt (which is odd for a Sat), but there seemed to be a garage next door.The menu was NOT what shows up on Yelp.  The server couldn't remember them having some of these items ever and blamed it on having had 4 chefs over the last several years?!  In any case, the food was mostly good and well-proportioned/prepared.  They didn't serve bread (or at least didn't ask if we wanted some) and the salads were just ok.  The tenderloin was the best part of the meal!The wine list was ok, but it always bugs me when u can't get a bottle of the wine you ordered (and enjoyed) by the glass.  Seems illogical to me.With so many choices in Scottsdale, this place had better step it up if they're going to survive.  (I would have given a 2.5, but couldn't figure out how to do so.)
4	Great classic as usual with the modern update it is great!Ask for Jeremy he is a great waiter!Will return. .
5	omg!!!! 3 little pigs .... wow!!!!! im truly almost speechless!!!! and the service, very very impressive! mngmnt even came by to see how everything was, well, just awsome!!!! i will definately frequent the pink pony....koodos to managemnt, bret c, the chef stephen e, and my server anthony.... :-) :-) :-)
4	You wouldn't know it by the name, but it's a nice place! Just so everybody knows, it's not a strip club.  Despite the complete lack of shiny poles, the food is good!  I had the Mac and Cheese appetizer plus the beet salad.  It was really good!  The drinks aren't epic, but there's good service and a nice open atmosphere.
5	My family hosted a family reunion dinner (35 people!) last Saturday night here, and everyone loved the food, the decor and service. The entire management team, including Chef Stephen, were very engaged in the planning, even creating a special appetizer for the occasion: fried green tomatoes, which were Dads specialty. Our guests had their choice of entree, and steaks were cooked to order, perfectly.  I will be back to try the pork chop!
2	Right on scottsdale rd. waited very long even though we were the only customers. The meat for the burger was terrible with chunks of stuff in it. The skirt stake also had a very bad taste in it. Staff was nice and courteous. Would not go here again.
1	Place was empty and food took an extremely long time. Only to come out cold, bland and with a nasty curly hair in it. When i told the server she said a manager would be right over and that never happened. They didn't acknowledge the terrible service or food. I heard they were a terrible place but that they have changed management staff, i was hoping it was for the better but clearly it continues to go down hill. Heard wonders of the new Chef Stephen from the botanical garden but I don't think this is the right place he should be at if he wants to keep a good reputation.  Can't wait to see what happens next!
3	I have been wanting to try this place for awhile, especially after hearing that they have an entire menu of mules... I love mules! I went here for happy hour with the husband and love the new decor... very modern with a hint of cowboy. Anyway, I had a coconut/lime/rum mule and we split the pepperoni pizza. The mule was delicious, though definitely very light on the ginger, I liked the tropical flavors. The pizza was fairly mediocre, the dough tasted like frozen... bland and soggy... the pepperoni was good. I would possibly come here again for mules, but I would probably pass on the food.
4	Top notch food (apparently they have a renowned chef), decent service, prices are as fancy restaurants go, great ambiance, I love it.  You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  Everyone at our table left satisfied.  I personally had a bit of the beet salad and for my main course, I had the Pony Salad with smoked salmon.  The beets were deliciously sweet but a little on the smaller side so it'd be perfect before your main course.  The Pony Salad was a little more sizeable, less sweet as it was topped with blue cheese and bacon bits, and the smoked salmon was a fantastic touch.  Though I would love to try it with their sirloin next time.  Taking off a star because our waiter disappeared for a good long while after dropping off the dessert menu.  Granted we were a bigger group, so maybe he didn't want to disturb us, but really we just wanted to get our desserts.The ambiance was great, it was a quiet night and the music was pleasant - not too loud but audible.  The layout was gorgeous and the home plate at the entrance was definitely very unique.  I wouldn't say it'd be date night-worthy (unless she's into sports), but great for a nice dinner out.
4	Wandering Old Town and yelping looking for a place to eat. Our first two choices looked good but too late for food it was music time. Wandered upon the Pink Pony and thought why not. We sat on the patio and they had a one man band playing and he was good. I ordered a drink and was happy with that but needed food. I went for the fried chicken. This was a great choice, the chicken was cooked perfect and full of flavor. Not greasy just crunchy and delicious. I have a happy belly. I did not want desert so went for a Pumpkin Pie Martini. Holy Hell this was good. Tasted like pumpkin pie with the graham cracker around the rim. Good choice for sure. This was a good stop. The name does not fit and may scare people off but don't be afraid. Jump on the Pink Pony and enjoy
4	Outstanding. Great service a la Jeremy. Best server ever. Spareribs were deeeeelish. My kids ordered the best, most interesting chicken stripswhich were offered on the kids menu. A couple of us had pizza and thought it was decent. Hostess staff was inviting and warm. Very responsive, attentive staff. I'm impressed. We will be back.
5	If you haven't been here in a year or 2 it's a must. Beautiful place and awesome menu. Prime Rib and half price wine on Wednesday is awesome
5	Great service and nice atmosphere. Just a short walk to other bars in the area. My meatloaf was excellent!
1	Beautiful place, however, the food was extremely oily. The onion rings were dripping oil, fries tasted like oil. We couldn't eat our food. The service was also slow even though the restaurant was empty.
4	I was skeptical when we came here. Last time I was here, it was dark, outdated, food was , well, meh. The overhaul of the place, and the menu, has paid off. We enjoyed great happy hour specials, great service, and super food. The meat dishes are good, but I really loved the salads. We tried two, one with meat one without. I will say that everyone we were with loved their dishes, from the sliders to the HUMUNGOUS BLUE CHEESE BURGER that even a large man will not be able to finish off. Oh, and we loved the wings, they were smoked, with a Frank's cream sauce that was a bit mild for me. But the chef spiced up some for me and we loved them. No complaints. We will be back.
2	We had family in town for the holidays and we wanted to take them somewhere special. The reviews came in positive, so we decided to try the notorious pink pony.we thought the food was below average, not worth the money we paid. The rib eye steak was good not great, the sides were blah. To sum up our experience !! I will never ever eat there again, I won't even recommend to my worst enemy. 2 thumbs down !!!!
