3	A note on my rating: Based on the expectations my friends created for this restaurant, I would give Cafe Zupas two stars. If I have to be entirely objective, I'd give it two and a half stars. Since Yelp doesn't offer half-star increments, I'm reluctantly giving Cafe Zupas three stars.Why do so many of my friends love this place? I don't know. Could it be because many of them went to school in Utah, where Zupas originates, and the restaurant reminds them of their college glory days? If so, I get that. I, however, did not partake in their college experience so I'm not privy to the nostalgia they must feel when they are greeted by the harsh blue neon that is Cafe Zupas' decor.The food, while good, is unimpressive. It's just risky enough to be different from your average cafe fare. With more locations popping up in Utah and Arizona (and "other states to follow soon," according to their website), it's apparent that as a restaurant Zupas is more interested in growth (read: profit) than making an impact in the culinary world. In other words, it seems their focus is more on creating a menu that everyone will enjoy rather than true culinary innovation. And there is absolutely nothing wrong with that as long as that's what their going for.I ate at Cafe Zupas last night for a friend's birthday dinner. I had a honey bacon club panini, which I enjoyed, although it was cold and somehow seemed grow soggier with every bite I took. The shrimp and sausage gumbo soup was alright; I found the shrimp disappointing. It was mealy and the size of shrimp you would find in a Cup of Noodles. For a dish that boasts shrimp as a primary ingredient you'd hope they'd do a bit better on the shrimp.
3	I've been to Cafe Zupas a couple of times.  Living in Mesa (also known as South Utah), Zupas gets all kinds of hype - there was a ton of excitement about this place opening.So I went.So, does this place live up to hype?  Absolutely not.  The only thing I can say about why it is so popular around here, is, "it must be a Utah thing."  It's part of their cultural identity... But their cultural identity is play-it-safe, don't-do-anything-too-different, and bland.The food here is fine.  The soup is fine.  The sandwiches are a little mediocre.  The drink bar is fine.  But the soup is not to die for.  The drink bar is not to die for.  The whole place is an exercise in being slightly better than average.  Zupas is to Subway what In-N-Out Burger is to McDonald's.I don't even remember which sandwiches and soups I've tried.  I know I've had a mushroom-based soup that was decent...  They just weren't that memorable.
2	Just to clarify, I have never actually eaten at this restaurant but the experience I had with them doesn't make me want to try them out.  I work in the same plaza as Zupas and decided to try them out for lunch for myself and coworkers.  Upon looking at the menu it seems very similar to Paradise Bakery, but even more overpriced.  When I walked over to order, just a small sandwich platter would of cost me over $60!  Being on a budget, I just ordered cookies and chocolate covered strawberries, which still came out to over $40.  Upon returning to work I told the girls and we decided to cancel our order and go somewhere else where we could get more food for a cheaper price.  When I tried calling over there they weren't answering the phones so I had to walk over once again.  When I told them to cancel our order, they said they didn't even have one under my name!  They told me maybe I got mixed up and called a different store and placed my order.  They didn't even remember me from 15 minutes earlier!  So no, I cannot vouch for their food but their customer service definitely leaves something to be desired and I do not intend on going back.
3	As a vegetarian I really like the idea of "build your own salads" but was disappointed to find that you only get 4 toppings before you are charged additionally. I had a salad and the wild mushroom soup and both were pretty decent. I wouldn't call this an amazing place but wouldn't mind picking up lunch here again in the future. The french bread and chocolate covered strawberries that came with my meal was a delicious bonus.
4	First time here.  Loved the salad choices, lots of fruit/berries, all house-made dressings.  We found the clam chowder a little salty but would like to try other soups at another visit.
4	Decent soup and salad options, and you are free to have more variety in what is included in your salad. The food itself was pretty good- I enjoyed my lunch. I will definitely be back because I want to try more of their soups! Also, can't say no to a chocolate-covered strawberry (which comes with your meal)!
3	Went to Cafe Zupas yesterday for lunch with my parents, sister, and daughter. It was about 1:30 and the place was still packed. I ended up getting a kids grilled cheese and cup of soup to share with my daughter. The grilled cheese was OK...cheese not really melted so that was disappointing. For the soup I chose their limited time creamy onion soup which was actually very good (and I'm not a big soup fan). For $3.99 the kids meal is a great value. My dad and sister got the sandwich/salad combo: turkey and avocado sandwich with some strawberry chicken salad. They said both were good. I think it was $7.99 for a full sandwich and small, decent sized salad. With your soda purchase you can make your own italian soda and they have a nice selection of flavored syrups. Overall I liked the italian soda concept and the value wasn't too bad. I liked it a lot better than I like Paradise Bakery. I'm not a huge fan of PB so it's nice that there's a similar option in the same complex. The food overall was OK but wasn't anything incredible or spectacular. If you like the sandwich/salad/soup fare for lunch I'd give this place a try at least once.
5	This WONDERFUL addition to Mesa's DANA PARK shopping center has DELICIOUS food! I highly recommend their SOUP & Sandwich combo...very reasonably priced...with NE Clam Chowder that is TO DIE FOR!!It will keep me coming back over & over again!Not to mention they include fresh bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry! YUM!!So far, we've tried the Chicken Pesto Sandwich, BBQ Pulled Pork & the Italian Club.And...I must say...they were ALL DELICIOUS & fresh-made right in front of you at their express counter. Their salads are also very good..chipotle (Mexican style) ...and Berry Salad blends...I really can't wait to go back & try some MORE!For those that LOVE being outdoors..They also have a small outdoor patio area that's GREAT this time of year.All around great place right at the corner of Val Vista & Baseline Rd. in Mesa.
5	The food is so good and affordable! Fed two kids with one kids meal! I highly recommend.
5	Loved this restaurant!  The soup (lobster bisque) was amazing and I had the pulled BBQ pulled pork sandwich which was very tasty!  My son had the kids grilled cheese sandwich and the Wisconsin Cauliflower soup.  My meal came with bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry and my son's just had the strawberry.  Every sandwich, soup and salad can be customized with different toppings and mix-ins.  They have incredible desserts there...brownies, cheesecake, tarts..etc.  I had one of the brownies and it was fresh and delicious.  And they have fun Italian soda mix-in flavors for your soda.  They are moderately priced and the food was great!  I'm looking forward to going back there again.
4	We were driving around aimlessly, looking for a healthier fast food alternative, and decided to give this place a try.  Both of our picky eaters finished their whole meals and my husband and I enjoyed our sandwich & soup combos, as well.  I am a mushroom lover and the Mushroom Bisque satisfied my craving.  It was a bit much for my husband's taste though.  Love that their meals come with chocolate dipped strawberries too!
4	I've only eaten here once so far but I like it.  I had the Thai Peanut sandwich and the tomato basil soup.  I thought the sandwich was very good and unlike the other review regarding the tomato basil soup, I really enjoyed it.  The food is good and I enjoy the colorful appearance from the outside.  In fact, that's what drew me to the place.  I'm usually on my way to Paradise Bakery or Firehouse Subs when I'm in this parking lot but the flashy and colorful lights drew us in and we liked what we found inside.
4	I have been a fan for a long time. Anytime I went up to Utah, I would stop in for a quick little lunch. I was really excited to get one on the east side, although it was a really good excuse to go to Last Chance in Phoenix (they are in the same parking lot).I love the Nuts About Berries salad, love. I also love the mushroom and tomato basil soup, but I don't want to know how many calories are in it. Each meal also comes with some yummy bread and a chocolate strawberry. They sure know the way to a gals heart.It's not super fancy, and it feels a little "chainy," if you know what I mean, but overall it's great food for a very reasonable price and the staff has always been really friendly. You can't beat that.
4	I love this place... love the mango berries salad... Avocado crab sandwich... there's always a line so I try to go after 2pm... seriously the line is too long during lunch rush hours.
4	This place was great! I wish I could try everything on the menu. Friendly service, fresh ingredients and chocolate covered strawberries. ZOMG.
3	Chicken tortilla soup was tasty, but very salty! Mushroom soup was A+. The complimentary Chocolate covered strawberry was a nice treat with the meal.
3	Great looking menu. Salad was weak on the dressing, not much flavor due to that. Soup was great. They forgot our rolls that go with our soup, & they forgot our chocolate dipped strawberries.
2	Soo upset with this place! I used to eat here all the time when I lived in Utah and I loved it, I love the honey bacon club sandwich and Thai mango salad, however at this location I have twice in a row now had dirty lettuce and bugs in my salad! I guess if you avoid he salads you'd be fine. Soo disappointed and will never eat at this Zupas again :(
5	Champ salads n soups!!Sandwiches are ok, they are panini style, not my favorite kindBut i go here OFTEN for the salads and soups! Whooo!You can make your own salads with 6 free toppings (or 4 if you use one for meat/protein)Or you can choose their salad creations off their men my favorite is the Thai Chicken Mango Salad...The southwestern tortilla soup is to die for, plus many of their other soups i have sampled are so good!Hope you enjoy visit there as much as i do!!
4	Great place to stop for quick lunch! They have a variety of tasty salads, sandwiches and soups. I also love any place that incorporates fruit on their salads. Each meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry- so how can you go wrong? Loud, bustling place so expect to see that! Prices are very reasonable.
4	I guess if I had to compare this place to something, it would be Paradise Bakery, but with some differences.  For one, I like that their combo includes a full sandwich, not a half. And personally, I enjoy their soup and salad selection more.  The sandwiches are always good too, but for me, the salads are what make this place so great.  Instead of a cookie with your meal, you get a chocolate-dipped strawberry - yum!  I recommend that you try it at least once.
5	Amazing!!!FYI: if you're allergic to tree nuts, avoid the house-pesto sauce and the chicken pesto sandwich because its tossed with almonds. It doesn't say it on menu, had to ask.Visited the area for work, went here for lunch twice!  The soups, salads and sandwiches were delicious, along with made fresh. Great customer service!  The combo for 7.99 is a great deal, very filling and gives you a chocolate covered strawberry to top off your meal.  Wish it was here in California!
5	Great soup...great salads and sandwiches. Very friendly staff. Disappointed they are not open on Sundays. Wish they had a location closer to Chandler Mall. Nice touch to have a chocolate dipped strawberry given to you for free with your meal. Wish they would consider white chocolate dipped strawberries as well! :+}
2	I like the great selection/variety of choices, and  I am down for good soup anytime of year, even when it's 110+ degrees outside.I had the mushroom soup (based on employee's recommendation), and it was delicious!  Would definitely get it again.  The sandwich on the other left MUCH to be desired.  When I first saw it, I literally thought they made a mistake and gave me a kids' combo or something because the sandwich looked like something my mom would make in one of those sandwich press machines back in the 80's.  No kidding.  The sandwich didn't have much on it, and it didn't have much flavor.  Very over-priced for what I got.  I would probably just stop in for a bowl of soup in the future or maybe try a salad next time, but I won't be duped into another one of their sandwiches, sorry.
5	This is one of my favorite quick eats. I love their nuts about berries salad and their soups are good as well. The staff is friendly, the store is clean, and the drink selections are interesting. Their dessert case looks pretty awesome as well, although I'm usually too full to venture towards desserts.
5	Cafe Zupas has become a family favorite. The food is fresh, the staff is friendly, it is also a nice value with the $7.99 combos. Their soups are made fresh on the premises and lobster bisque has become my favorite.One of the cool things that my daughter really likes is the italian syrups that you can add to the drinks. They also keep the place spotless and they bus your table.I think the chocolate covered strawberry that comes with everyones meal is a nice touch.They can get busy, but the staff is very friendly and they make your order fast.Two thumbs up from me...or in the Yelp world 5 Stars.
5	Nice place!Was here for a job interview. They have an amazing menu of things to try and whenever I get over there again I will try it. I did have an Italian Soda the day I was there, which as cool. A wide variety of add-ins you can jazz your drink up with. The soups, salads, and sandwiches I saw looked and smelled absolutely delicious. I will definitely get over there on a  weekend sometime to try their food and take in the total experience. I have had good recommendations about this place from friends.
4	Just found this place and I love it! The selection is nouveau and varied. Everyone gets a chocolate dipped strawberry for desert. The atmosphere is modern and rad - must have put a lot of $$ into the build out! I'll be back here because there is a lot left to try! I'd love to see more menu item production on the triple tvs!
3	The food is good but not to die for.. Its a little overpriced for the size sandwich you get.  I do however like their italian soda bar. The ambiance is beautiful and its a clean place. I do however like that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. Lots of soup and sandwich places to pick from in the area so not going to go for an average over priced sandwich.
3	Welcome to the neighborhood!  Let me explains why only 3-stars...I was on my way to Paradise (Bakery) and saw a new place had moved in at Dana Park; thought I'd give it a whirl! Selections look YuMmY!  I tried the turkey, spinach, artichoke (spread) panini. They give you a chunk of break and a (small) chocolate covered strawberry with your order.  Set up as a kindof cafeteria.  Service was quick. I asked for a large cup for drinks. The largest they have is about 12oz...that's the largest and ONLY size. They need to work on that. We live in Arizona...a desert...where the humidity is usually SO low that we fill our pool with bird sweat! We drink A LOT to stay hydrated.  Strike One. (It was pointed out that you get free refills, but my order was 'To Go'.  Got back to my office only to find they use turkey coldcuts  :(  No wonder the stryafoam box felt empty. Very disappointed in that. Although, the sandwich was pretty tasty (not real yummy as I had imagined though).  Thus, Strike Two.  Soups looked amazing; got a sample of the veggie cheese chowder. Pretty good.  All-in-all, first impression is their menu looks better than the food tastes, but I'm going to give it another try, with hopes that as they settle into their new digs, they will make improvements.
2	I had the tortilla soup and Thai mango salad.  I have had better tortilla soup at Rubio's.  Soup was salty.  Salad was too sweet and a combination of ingredients that left me uninspired.  Salad had iceberg lettuce, cut corn, precooked chicken, diced mango, onion and super sweet dressing.  I can go to Fresh and Easy and find a better salad.  I had a feeling that the sweets were the pull.  I went in with an open mind and had no idea what to expect.  Disappointment and bewildered.  Place was crowded and had a feverish cafeteria pace.  Left with half eaten meal, :(  I guess I should have tried other options based on the reviews but some seem to exaggerate.  "To die for," really?
5	This has become a favorite spot - employees very friendly - restaurant clean - food is fresh and delicious - reasonably priced
5	Fantastic food, even better service with a staff that went out of their way to make sure my family and I enjoyed our lunch.  My daughter even dropped her sandwich moving from one table to another and one of their staff members who was clearing tables said he'd get her a new one before she could even pick it up. Solid place and the price was surprisingly low.  Recommend the Turkey Cranberry sandwich, the Chop salad and you can't go wrong with any of their soups.We'll be going back often.....
4	I love going to cafe zupas for a light lunch.  They have an amazing salad selection, but the soup and sandwich variety is limited.  Its good food at good prices.  They only thing I dislike about this location is that I always have to take my food to go because the dining room is always so full!  I love that they let you make your own flavored drinks, and the bread and chocolate  covered strawberry that comes with your meal is a nice treat.
4	The food is great and hearty as well as fresh. The staff is incredibly friendly which is rare to find! We has the mushroom soup and it was delicious. Great place to go especially heading into this fall/winter weather. They are very generous when it comes to letting you sample to make sure you are getting what you want.
5	I decided to give this place another chance after my friend told me how delicious their food was, and she was right!  The food here is absolutely amazing, I always get the barbecue chicken salad.  They also offer meal deals like 1/2 salad or soup and full sandwich.  It's similar to Paradise Bakery, but the quality of the food is MUCH better.  The customer service is usually pretty friendly here as well.  I'm obsessed!
4	I've been to zupa's a few times now and generally receive great food and great service. They have this awesome station where you can make your own Italian soda (minus the cream). I generally get the chicken pesto sandwich (no tomato) and it is FABULOUS. However the soups can leave something to be desired... They are okay, they just tend to either be dull in flavor or too much (like the gumbo... waaaaay too fishy). I normally go for the white bean soup. It's a pretty cool place... However, there is often barely any seating. I'm not sure if that's really worth losing a star, and hey, good for them for being a booming business, but still it would be nice to have a place to sit (especially if you have a big group). All seating and soup issues aside, zupa's is a great place to go for a moderately priced, quality meal.
5	Holy Heaven I just had the BEST freakin lunch and amazing salad here!!!!  Fresh FRESH FRESH...Did I mention FRESH???  Seriously this place has something for EVERYONE even the pickiest of eaters and the staff was ready to create our dream lunch!  I don't know what else to say except #NOM GET IN MY BELLY!!!!!
4	Just came here for the first time. Some cool things that set it apart from say, Jason's Deli: Italian soda bar, charging station, chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal. Grilled cheese sandwich was really good, as were the tomato bisque and red pepper lobster soups. Really reasonably priced. The bad: Caramel brownie looked better than it tasted. My boyfriend's soup had a hair in it. Limited seating. Loud.
5	We love Zupas. The Lobster Bisque is awesome and my wife loves the tomato basil. This place is great, try it out!
5	For this price range, Cafe Zupas definitely earns 5 stars! You could spend as much at many other places and not come even close to the quality of the food or the experience.  First time here, and will definitely be back. I had the chicken pesto sandwich and the tomato basil soup. Perfect!
5	First time and I was very impressed. Great flavor, fresh and reasonably priced. I definitely recommend.
4	This place is awesome!! The menu is great, prices are affordable, service is quick and attentive. The only downfall is the seating. It is a very crowded place, but that obviously speaks highly of the business itself. Another downfall is that the chicken tortilla and white bean veggie soup is a tad bit too salty for my liking. Other than that it's a must go!
5	I have never had a bad experience at any Cafe Zupas! Healthy, fresh, and tasty food. Large variety of soup/salad/sandwich options. More affordable than Wildflower, and you get more for your money. Great kids options. Wish there were more locations in the valley! If you even kind of like mushrooms, get the mushroom bisque...we are kind of obsessed with it.
4	Average "fast" soup, salad, and sandwich place. Really love that they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with every purchase. I like their variety of items. Love the lobster bisque and all the panini's. Love the mangoberry salad because I love fruit in my salad. It gives it more substance and mango's are yummy. Definitely better than Paradise Bakery. Plus, everyone is always so nice.
5	My favorite soup and sandwich place. I have been a Zupas fan since I found the location in Scottsdale, but every now and then I visit this location. Zupas in general has always been on point everytime I go and I have never had a complaint of this place.  If I had to come up with something, the only complaint I could think of is maybe my salad had too much dressing, but I think that happened once out of the many times I have been here.They have a great selection of soup, salads, and sandwiched, and are all delicious. I love the rotation soup world tour they have and usually always get the featured soup cause they are always delicious. This is, and has been for a long time, my go to place. I could eat here every day for lunch and dinner, in fact, I did that the first week I realized I lived by and worked by a Zupas.
4	Food was Yummy! The combo is a lot of food, a whole sandwich and half salad but the half salad is huge! You get a slice of baguette and a chocolate dipped strawberry  with meal.
4	Everything was quick and tasty. There are a lot of different options to choose from. It was a nice change from the basic soup and sandwiches you find most places.
4	I'm not a soup and salad kind of girl, but I was still pretty pleased when I had their sandwiches twice. I can't say anything about the soups, but the Thai chicken sandwich is bomb DIGGITY. I also had the honey bacon club sandwich my first time there, and ugh so good. The ciabatta bread is just wonderful. Strong bread to hold quality ingredients. Plus I love the chocolate dipped strawberry that comes with your food order. So unique! Never ate in, but it's worth a couple more tries.
4	Great food and a really good price. I love the Panini sandwiches and the brownie desserts. So good! This is a great place for lunch or dinner!
5	This place just became one of my favorites.  The food is phenomenal and fresh.  And it is a great value: a good-size gourmet sandwich, a large gourmet salad (with chicken, hard boiled eggs, olives, tomatoes, and croutons), a chocolate dipped strawberry, and a piece of french bread for only $7.99.  Incredible taste, quality, and value.  I highly recommend this place.
2	I actually love their salads and if I'm dining in the restaurant the service is great.  But you cannot order food to go (when you call you get a message saying that they are unable to take phone orders at this time...regardless of what time you call.  And their website has attractive pictures and descriptions but NO nutritional data.  C'mon, get with the program!  Researching the "unofficial" nutritional data through other websites reveals that some of the salads are over 800 calories: if this is true that's probably why they don't offer the info, but still there's no excuse to not make that info readily available.  As another reviewer said, Wildflower has a superior product and their website provides all the information needed to make an informed dining decision.  Shame on this company for not making that information readily available.  I would give them 4 stars for their product and 1 star for customer service.
5	the California turkey sandwich was awesome! im a "big guy" and i could barely finish my sandwich.  the chocolate dipped macadamia nut cookies were out of control crazzzzy good!! the chocolate dipped strawberries were amazing as well.
5	They earned it! The mango berry salad is the bomb. I also get the avocado and crab melted sandwich. Although they still ask you several times "what did you order?" so should really change the process!
5	Omg. My new favorite place to eat! The food is out of this world good. I had their crab and avocado sandwich and their nuts about berries salad. It was so freaking good! They have real italian sodas and they give you bread and chocolate covered strawberry on the side. Good lord it was a lot of food for the price. $22 bucks for my husband and I to eat. Seriously, check this place out!
5	One Hundred Percent - hands down 5 Stars! I have been to Cafe Zupas three times and I always leave wanting to go back the next day! I've now had the Lobster Bisque Soup, Roasted Red Pepper and Lobster Soup, Crab Avocado Melt, and Turkey Spinach Artichoke Sandwich. They always give you a piece of delicious bread and a chocolate dipped strawberry if you get a pick 2 combo. I am finicky when it comes to sandwiches because I really do make some pretty decent ones at home. Every single thing I have ordered (listed above) has met and exceeded my expectations. Nothing has been bland, scarce, over seasoned, under seasoned, lacking complexity, or unpleasing to my palate. I just order my food and know that it will be good, actually great. They have "italian soda" which is actually just adding sprite to your drink and then pumping in some flavor shots, but it's kind of fun. I like the atmosphere in the restaurant, but I don't understand why they have signs on every table telling you to not reserve a table. I don't get why it would matter.  I have not had a salad at Cafe Zupas, so I can not comment on that . However, my co-worker has gotten salads and she is even more finicky than I am about food and the fact that she didn't complain is a compliment.As far as comparing to similar companies goes, I put them at the top for a few reasons. I have been severely disappointed by the Wildflower inside of Chandler mall because their French Onion Soup had a seasoning that did not belong there and threw off the whole flavor for me. Paradise Bakery is great and I do love their salads and sandwiches. However, I have started to find a lot of what they make too bland and I've noticed that one of my favorite salads got a makeover which I was not thrilled about. One last thing, there were things about the sandwiches that I was initially disappointed about and then later decided that they were not an issue. At first, I didn't like that they lay the meat down flat since I like to cascade mine on the sandwich for a gentle fluffy type layer. I later decided that it was actually easier to eat their sandwiches this way and helped keep the sandwich together. I also initially felt that there was not enough meat ( and I am not a huge meat eater) , but later decided that it was the perfect amount to not overcome the other flavors in the sandwich. Someone who is a huge meat lover might be better off ordering a sub sandwich from another place. I am not a light eater by any means and sometimes come here around noon after only having coffee for the day, but I still end up having at a minimum, half of a sandwich for left-overs. That's all! Now go try Cafe Zupas!
4	The food here was delicious!  The lunch combo is a great deal.  Food was fresh.  The Italian soda and chocolate dipped strawberry are a nice touch.
5	Tasty salads and sandwiches.  I prefer Zupas over Paradise Bakery.  We often order for our office meetings because there is a nice selection to choose from, the portions are sized right and we feel like we are making somewhat healthy choices.
3	Over-priced sandwiches but they have pretty good soups.  I really like their lobster bisque soup - it comes in a small bowl, which makes it expensive for the amount of serving. And, if you order it to go, you get even less.  They have patio seating but no misters or warming lamps.  I like going here when the weather cools off - we sit outside eating hot soap & bread.  They bottomless fountain drinks and flavoring that you can add to your soda.  They have no alcoholic beverages and they're closed on Sunday, which suks because that's when I love to have a light lunch.
4	Would I ever really oppose to eating here, not really, especially when the majority is ruling, like the other night. The food is three stars. However, I was in the vast minority compared to the rest of the large group with pretty much all of them proclaiming this as their last meal should they ever find themselves on death row.I had the honey bacon club with the chicken chop salad and my wife had the Wisconsin cauliflower soup with the chicken chop salad as well. My wife loves the soup and I tired some and it was not bad, but I'm also the furthest thing from a soup guy as can be.I like the sandwiches much better than paradise and the salads may be just as good were it not for the dressing, it was like this watery crap and I'm pretty sure blue cheese dressing should contain at least some blue cheese, in most countries anyways. So we paid about 20 doll hairs for 2 combos and one soft drink. It is pretty expensive but I would not say a horribly bad buy because you get a piece of bread and the chocolate covered strawberry so you can walk away pretty satisfied, I guess.   Overall, I have bumped it up to 4 stars because I took into account the staff, who where very pleasant. But remember, 3 stars for the food. I'm sure I'll be back but I think next time I'll get a lone sandwich.
5	All of the food here is fresh and healthy! I could literally eat here everyday, it's THAT good.
4	Cafe Zupas is a great spot to eat when you want fresh ingredients and a decent sandwich. The price for portion, above all else, is what keeps me coming back. I have yet to try their feature soups, I typically stay with my regulars: Grilled Cheese, Enchilada Soup and Summer Chicken Salad. Once upon a time they had a great Asian BBQ sandwich that was raved about and helps encourage those that do not like typical sandwich shops to join. Unfortunately, that was taken off the menu and its hard to find a nice substitute for my boyfriend.The restaurant is clean and the workers are friendly. Service is fast too, even if you are behind a person that is ordering for five different people.Cafe Zupas is worth a try. I think you'll be a regular after your first visit.
5	I LOVE zupas!! Everytime I have been there i have enjoyed what I get. You get so much more food than paradise and for a better price. The staff is always friendly and are already helpful when I'm deciding what to order. love love love!
4	Forget about Paradise Bakery for soups, salads, and sandwiches.  This place is my favorite spot now because they have an array of choices for everyone.  The yummy soups are what keeps bringing me back.  The Lobster Bisque and Chicken Enchilada soup are out of this world.  The combo meal is priced around 7 bucks and can't be beat.  How could you not resist the amazing desserts and the chocolate dipped strawberry they give to you at the end?Plan your excursion accordingly as they are closed on Sundays
4	I've been here twice now and neither time did Cafe Zupas disappoint.  The first time I got the salad and soup recommended by the smiling staff member handing out menus at the start of the line, and I can see why he said they were the most popular!  The second time I tried one of their sandwiches, also good.  The sandwich was a little smaller than I was picturing based on the  menu illustrations, but it is still plenty of food.    I think their salads are amazing, although their soups and sandwiches are pretty good too!
5	Had the Try 2 Combo. Mango berry salad and turkey with cranberry sandwich. The food is fresh and delicious! Great place to eat during Arizona summer. Wish I would have eaten here sooner
5	Great food if you are looking for a great sandwich, soup and or salad . They are really fast at making the order and they give you a free delicious chocolate covered strawberry with every meal. They also have Italian sodas !!!
5	Been there 2 more times, all I can say is this place fully deserves 5 stars. Great food, great quality, and outstanding customer service.
5	ohhhh I was doing research on places to eat that were really good to try out and this is one of those places.Majority all of the reviews were 5 stars and stated to have really yummy food, some of those reviews made me want to try the lobster bisque soup and sandwiches and to me that sound really yummy.I asked my boyfriend if we could try this place out since it was in the area close by to us and we went.We went at night time and it was a bit hard to find but Cafe Zupas is near baseline rd, took us a few mins to find it. lol. When we got there, I didn't realize the lighting was super bright with funky light colors. LOL!It is very casual and very bright at night so just warning you. lol.Cafe Zupas is hard to describe - basically you choose if you want to eat it there or have it to go. We wanted to eat it there so we were standing and looking a the menus on the wall to see what they have to offer and everything just looked so yummy. A young lady asked me what I wanted and I said I will try the pesto chicken panini and she turned and told several of her crew of my order and I went down the line to be greeted by another lady and told her I wanted to try the lobster bisque then I continued down the line to be greeted by another lady who convinced me and my boyfriend to try their hazelnut creme brulee and we went for it.If you get the two combo - which is a sandwich and soup you get a piece of bread and a strawberry that is dipped in chocolate. we both got two combos each and it was yummy! I was so full ^_^It's really nice and soooo good food! I do recommend going to this place. We went here for dinner so we have yet to try coming here for lunch ;)It is also a good place  if you want to have something light and not too heavy - soup and sandwich is pretty good. They are more of a soup, salad and sandwich type of place and it's very chill too : )
4	This is a great place for lunch. They offer various sandwiches, salads, and soups, with a combination option. The combination is a huge portion of food, whether you choose any 2 of salad, soup, or sandwich, so come with an empty stomach!I've had their soups and sandwiches, and while the sandwiches are decent, I think the soups are the better of the two. I've had the lobster/red pepper, and tomato basil, and both have had a lot of flavor, with a good consistency. Each soup comes with a chunk of French bread to dip it in.The sandwiches I had were OK, but nothing special. The grilled cheese was, a grilled cheese. I did like the addition of pesto to the sandwich though. The turkey/artichoke/spinach was the better of the two, with a nice play of textures and flavors on a grilled panini bread.Service is the counter is fairly speedy, and they will let you sample soups before you try them out.The drink counter is unique in that they offer different syrups, with an occasional sugar free syrup, to add to whatever soda or tea you want.Overall, this is a good option for those that are short on time for lunch and want a filling meal.
2	I'm kinda of disappointed at this location because it's near me.Pesto Chicken Sandwich and Superfood Salad tasted good but needs improvements on their deserts.I received three bags of chocolate dipped strawberries. These were some of the smallest sorry strawberries I ever received as well three of the two were old. The Creme Brulee chocolate tasted old and the bread tasted a day old.Customer Service is excellent.Don't give current military discounts
4	Is it special?  Depends on your perspective. Amongst the vast ranks of franchises or chains, yes it is. This means it's a very good and very safe option for a fresh(er) food and high quality customer service experience. It isn't special. About that Customer Service, it is good, but the vibe from the people here seems artificially happy. Almost creepy sticky sweet. Better than rude or could-give-a-crap that you get other places. Just seems weird to me.
5	I am in love with this place and addicted to their grilled cheese sandwhiches. It isn't like mom's grilled cheese, but some other, delicious, cheesy concoction. I usually get it with the tomato soup, to which I add orzo. Yum! The lobster bisque is also delicious. If you like salads, you can't go wrong with the one with mango. The mango salad dressing is awesome to boot.The only negative I have is that they put the hunk of bread and the chocolate covered strawberry in the same bag. The bread ends up kinda strawberry flavored/scented. Really, not a deal breaker, but wish they were kept separate.
4	According to my friend, Zupa means soup in Polish. I looooveee soup. Zupa's has a bazillion tantalizing soup options- and you can sample them before choosing! I settled on lobster bisque and a super fruit salad. Delicious soup, happy customer. ALSO YOU GET A CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRY FOR DESSERTWill return to eat more soup.
5	Loved this healthy alternative for dinner! Went in with my best friend to eat and chat. Atmosphere was great. Had fun being able to enjoy healthy food and just hang out. I had the chicken pesto sandwich and it was really good! Also ordered the clam chowder. It was good but i had better. It was a bit plain to my liking but it wasnt horrible. I loved that they had a lot of varieties of foods there and even delicious looking dessert! Will go again :)
5	All I can say is wow! Amazingly good! They put so much stuff on their salads and sandwiches. Their desserts are to die for. I really liked that they gave me a chocolate covered strawberry free with my combo. And I loved that they had different flavored syrups for your drinks. It was kind of chaotic and crowded when I went but I understand why after eating there. Better than Paradise Bakery in my opinion
3	A fast food chain with healthier food than most. There is a large selections of soups and salads and an adequate selection of sandwiches.I had the chicken pesto panini with (veggie chowder) soup combo. The sandwich was a little small with some chicken between decent but not hard bread.  The large bowl of soup was peppery and good even though the veggies were chopped fine. Pepsi is the drink vender but there were also four thermos jugs of different teas--the black tea was good; the green tea had an odd flavor. In addition Italian soda floors were at the beverage counter.My companions had salads that they enjoyed.Service is fast and the place is efficiently organized.
5	Love the new California power protein salad, just the right ingredients and tons of flavors!!!  I will definitely be back again for this.
4	Great place for a healthy lunch.  Quick salads and sandwiches and great tasting soups.  I do wish they would put a little more chicken on the salad unless you get double there is barely any on it.
1	AWFUL! Worst dining experience I've ever had!! I took my sister here for her sweet sixteen and we were greeted with COMPLETELY RUDE staff, including the manager, as well as food poorly prepared and not enough seating. I have never been so dissatisfied!! They have lost our business forever! Do NOT recommend.
2	Everything was too much.  Theresa was too much sauce on my pulled pork sandwich.  There was too much bread on the sandwich.  The soups were like eating a salt lick.  I tried 4 different types and they were all too salty.  I'm usually over salting dishes when I east them.
1	Thanks for the $7 bowl of chicken soup without a shred of chicken in it. Do you always do that to takeout orders since there is no way to complain in person or get what we actually paid for.
4	Was in the mood for some good soup so I checked this place out. After reading the reviews by others, I opted for the lobster bisque and kale salad. Lobster bisque was not that...it was a corn chowder and meh.  Could have been warmer and had a little more flavor. Salad was awesome!  Will get that again. Loaded with flavor, quinoa, berries and cheese - delish and very filling. The little slice of bread was a good idea and the chocolate covered strawberry was a great treat at the end.  Service was friendly and quick. Sandwich options looked great. Will try one next time.
1	Seriously?!??? How in the world do you get rid of the red pepper asiago chicken Cesar salad?!?! The whole reason i kept coming back... Now i wont be back unless zupas brings it back!!!! You don't have a Cesar salad!!!!
1	Vegetarians are not welcome at this restaurant.  I've been avoiding this place ever since I ordered "the vegetarian" sandwich which is when I got a huge lecture from the boy behind the counter about how unhealthy I am and how I'm more likely to get cancer.  The employees are very unprofessional and unfriendly towards vegetarians.  I know better than to go back to this place.  I've actually saved a lot of money by not eating here, bad service and super expensive.
