4	You know, I am not much of a chocolate person, but I do like the occasional hot chocolate and lately, I've become strangely addicted to the Aztec Elixir Couture Cocoa "drinking chocolate" from Vosges. I only really think of hot chocolate at this time of the year when the chill in the air gets into my bones.So when a friend of mine wrote about a new place, Cacao 70, located not too far from me, I felt like this could be the kind of place to allure me to the dark side of sweet. The pictures of the melted in chocolate in a snifter really drew me in, though I wasn't as impressed with the store bought marshmallows. Marshmallows are just so naturally matched with hot cocoa and so easy to make that I would have a hard time forgiving such a transgression!This afternoon, after my appointment with my hairdresser (Stephanie at Mat&Max) I decided today was the day to stop by. It's cold outside, I looked fabulous, and heck, I was in the mood! It took me less than 15 minutes to walk from Place Montreal Trust to Cacao 70, located right across the street from College LaSalle.When I first walked in, the waitress asked me to choose my seating and within moments I had a sample of their American style Cacao base, along with a large bottle of filtered water. Nice. I liked the base, though, for me, that was a bit too sweet.I didn't really look at the food menu much, I was there specifically for a hot chocolate, one from their world wide cacao collection. I prefer dark chocolate, 70% or more, and I like it to have a little kick to it. After some discussion with my waitress I went with the 70% Fleur de Cao: spicy flavor which lends a particular character to both sweet and salty.It took a few minutes, but the chef brought out a beautiful plate, with my melted chocolate in their signature snifter, rimmed with dark chocolate, along with the hot base, which you mix into the chocolate to obtain your preferred texture. I liked mine a little more thick, and used only about 1/2 the base, mixing in a little at a time.It felt very decadent. Heck, it was very decadent! I was drinking melted chocolate! I was drinking a hot chocolate that costs a little over 10$. And I was actually really enjoying it. I was enjoying the entire experience.I will definitely go back again. For me, this is date night material, girls night out material, even breakfast (alas, they are not open for breakfast ) In fact, I plan to make a date night of it before October 31st, when the very secret "promotion" ends. The promotion is that if you "like" or "friend" Cacao 70 on Facebook or Twitter, you can call them for a seat at one of their hourly "tasting menus" - for free!Before I left, I had to ask about the whole marshmallow thing, I just couldn't let that dog lie, and happily, the owner informed me that they are in the process of choosing a suitable marshmallow recipe for the store, and plan to have homemade marshmallows in the coming weeks! Whoopee!
5	Really cute place to have a hot chocolate.When we first walked in we were promptly greeted and seated with the menus. Atmosphere is quite nice; woody chalet feel with good lighting which is ideal for someone who wants to study. Shortly after sitting down, a waiter came over with a cute bottle of water and two little cups filled with both the dark and milk chocolate bases for the hot cocoa. Nice complementary touch to help you decide what you want to drink and eat.I had the lactee superieure hot chocolate with the milk cocoa base. It comes in two parts.... 1) you have a high ball glass with the bottom filled with your choice of chocolate 2) a cute metal measuring cup with the base of your choosing. You have a spoon to mix it and voila!!!! heaven in a glass.  My choice of chocolate was really good..... it smooth and velvety. Drank it with no problem :)My friend had the Milk frozen hot cocoa. She drank it all and really liked it. I didn't have a taste so i can't explain it in great detail. But she seemed to enjoy it considering it was gone within 5 min. :)Prices are on the steeper side..... 10.50$ with tax for my drink, not including tip. It is to be expected considering it is premium chocolate. Too bad we had just came from the noodle factory or i would have had something to eat.Next up at cocoa 70......... The amazing pizzas or maybe a waffle?!?!?!  stay tuned for my review :)
3	Went back to Cacao 70 this past weekend and was really hoping that they made the leap to homemade marshmallows. Sadly, not :( I was particularly disappointed for two reasons, one because they told me the first time I visited that they were going to be switching to homemade, and second because they were making a big deal about their s'mores. I still like the place, don't get me wrong, but I really think that marshmallows are just too easy to not make from scratch, especially for s'mores.
5	This small dessert shop is located downtown, right in front of Lasalle College - Great accessible location, although I could definitely travel a good couple of miles to be able to taste their creations. I have to admit that I was once a Juliette and Chocolate fanatic (don't get me wrong, that shop is great. I am definitely not hating on J&C), but as of today, I have to admit that I have a new passion, i.e. Cacao 70. I visited this restaurant tonight with a friend, and had no trouble finding a seat although there were a bunch of customers already enjoying their sweets. I ordered the Triple Chocolate Fondue, which was a combination of white, milk and dark chocolate, served with sides of strawberries, bananas, and pieces of waffles/brownies. P-U-R-E   M-O-U-T-H-G-A-S-M, must I say!Being as reckless as I am, I even topped that gigantic plate with a side of Semi-sweet hot chocolate. I must admit, I almost suffered from a diabetic coma, but I enjoyed every minute of that sugar rush. Carpe diem. I also promise to be back soon, as I need to try all the other types of hot chocolate on the menu (and those are very numerous, believe me!)Indescribable experience, you will just have to try it to understand what I mean!P.S My co-foodie ordered the Cheesecake - The presentation is very different from what you would usually expect from a cheesecake, and that works just fine! The taste? Unbelievable.
5	I visited Cacao 70 again tonight, and was again astonished by the quality/originality of their desserts! This time, I ordered the triple chocolate pizza, and didn't regret my choice AT ALL. Scrumptious sweet, indeed. I literally died inside! My clothes might be slightly tighter tomorrow morning, but every single bite was worth it! :)This place is a GEM! The ambiance is very laid-back (great music), and the service makes you want to come back to taste some more of their baked goods. Will be back for sure!
4	I am not a huge fan of chocolate but the place really gives you the choice. You can have a cup of single origin hot chocolate and it's fantastic. Deserts are amazing, waffles and crepes but too much of a chocolate at the same time. If u come to try every bit of something each time you come it's definitely worth it. Nice location and place is very coz inside. As you can read I do not have a sweet tooth but for a chocoholic it's a place to go.
4	People wandering in off the street always seem a little bit confused after stepping inside Cacao 70, but if you are a chocolate lover than without a doubt you're in the right place.  The staff are friendly, they'll get you seated in a nice place with menus and water, and sample of one of their delicious chocolate drinks.  I'm a fan of the warm natural wood interiors and chill feel of the place. Free wi-fi is always a nice touch.Select from any of their huge selection of chocolates from a variety of regions and they'll turn it into a rich and silky smooth chocolate drink that makes this place unique.  A stop at Cacao 70 isn't complete though unless you sample one of their chocolaty desserts, honestly I drool over every one, but perhaps a chocolate pizza is a great choice, or maybe one of their warm chocolate lava cakes for a more intimate occasion.Their complete focus on quality chocolate drinks and desserts are really what make this place stand out from the crowd, but as others have mentioned it's a bit pricey.  Over $10 for a drink and about the same for a dessert, add in tips and it's a certainty that you'll walk away lighter in the wallet and heftier through the waist.
5	I'll start off by saying I'm really not a chocolate person and just walked into this place with a couple of girls for a coffee... We chose the "sharing sharing experience for 2" and let me tell you, it was well worth it. The plate had chocolate fondue, marshmallows, strawberries, wafers, waffles, dessert pizza, and it goes on and on. Every single bite was better than the one before. Although the caloric intake is through the roof, it was well worth it!!
4	Excellent service, free samples, versatile menu,. I love this place.They offer brunch, and lunch special crepes as well as tons of dessert options. I actually came in for lunch, not dessert with my bf and ordered the special crepe called Rosbif with roast beef, cheese, and mushrooms. Yum! Very delicious. It came with a salad and I wished I asked the waitress what the salad dressing was because it was so good. My bf ordered a waffle with semisweet chocolate sauce, and a salted crepe. His waffle was not too soft, not too hard....just the right texture. The semisweet chocolate tasted great, it melted in your mouth. That's when you know it's good quality chocolate.Waitress was very attentive and I enjoyed the free American style hot chocolate sample. I will definitely come back again and try more of the desserts and drinks. (I noticed there was a chocolate soda!!)
4	I had the "Illegal chocolate waffle" - Classic waffle drizzled with a 36% caramel chocolate sauce, milk chocolate shavings, served with caramelized bananas, crunchy chocolate wafer balls, chocolate sauce on the side and whipped cream. Now if that picture (shown in original post on my blog) above doesn't look like some sordid orgy of everything you know of breakfast, brunch, chocolate, and sin to be true and what you'd think the last room service order to Britney Spears' hotel room looks like before she shaved her head... then I don't know what does.
4	GREAT, superb chocolate and desserts!!You really should go here.Docked one star because I showed up with a group of 15 or so about twenty minutes before they closed down, and they told me 'sorry, we're closed,' and then agreed to serve us takeout only, and not the full menu.  There's nothing wrong with closing when it's time to close...it's just that some places would go above and beyond instead, being more concerned about earning 15 repeat customers.
4	Nice little chocolate haven!! I think they can do better at highening the aroma of chocolate even more =PEnjoyed a little sexy chocolate drink in a margarita glass.... Soooo good!!
4	The dark chocolate milkshake is arguably the best milkshake I have ever had in my life.  The waffles were also great and the fondue was good.  The Sweet Chocolate Experience, meant for two, was huge. The menu is big and diverse with an impressive selection of chocolates.  They also have several items of regular non-chocolate food as well.  The service was good and the staff was knowledgeable.
5	The absolut  chocohilic meeting place! If you think you know everything about chocolate and how you can have it, think again!! Vast menu, more than 30 variety of chocolate, crepes, waffles...brunch, lunch, dinner, snacks...chocolate, chocolate, chocolate!!! Beautiful decor, cool ambiance, very good staff. Don't wait! Doctors say that chocolate is good for you, so...go and enjoy!
5	We are completely hooked on Cacao 70s uniqueness since its opening, 2011. We go to Cacao 70 at least once a month usually to enjoy their divine hot chocolates and amazing crepes. Just love their crepes so much!
5	Well...looks like Juliette et Chocolat has a competitor now..although the charm of J&C  is still my fave, the quality of this place might slightly surpass J&C.Cacao 70, for those of you who don't know, is a newish chocolate place nestled between du Fort and Chomedy on St Catherines. It's a cute little place with a MASSIVE list of chocolate options ranging from drinks to crepes to ice creams to cakes and even to chocolate pizzas! I've been a handful of times, and each time I push myself to try something new. Happily, I'm never disappointed! It's a little on the pricey side (at ~9 for a hot chocolate), but totally worth it! Go try it out - I promise you won't be disappointed!Oh and, they even have savory snacks (amazing sandwiches!)
3	They have quite a bit of diff chocolate items to choose from. Drinks, food, etc. tried dark frozen hot chocolate, the Italian pudding like cocoa, and chocolate pizza.  Get ready to spend a bit though for dessert 1/2 pizza is about $14 and drinks are @ $9 so this can be an expensive dessert experience. Items are rich so keep it simple as over indulgence is a given here.  And there is such a thing as too much chocolate.
5	OMG...This place is amazing.  The chocolate is transcendent.  I would just drink the melted fondue chocolate by itself.  I had the choc-nut waffle.  The hazelnuts on it was delicious, beautifully displayed, nevermind the melted chocolate being delicious.There was a wait on a Saturday night, but well worth it.
4	The fondue was a good portion for the price and really good, although some things look a bit expensive for what they're offering other things look like unique offerings. I personally would not spend ten bucks on drinking chocolate. The service was a mix of competence and incompetence depending on the employee.
4	Great Desert Place.Creeps don't compare to the Waffles
2	To preface, I must admit that the reason why I'm about to give Cacao 70 such a blah review is because I built my expectations up so high from reading all the wonderful reviews on urbanspoon and yelp. So I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by how warm the ambiance was. I liked the large open kitchen and the wooden counters. I liked the fairy lights and the spacious seating area. My friend and I were lethargically greeted and seated by a guy who looked like he wanted to just get out of there. My friend got the Cioccolata Calda (Italian-style Hot Chocolate) and I got the %70 Fleur de Cao which was different than her's which was hot chocolate where as mine was cocoa based. We also ordered the Cacao 70's Cheesecake. The drinks came and they were actually really delicious. I have to say that I've never had hot chocolate/cocoa this good. They were rich and thick and creamy. If anyone has seen that scene in the film Chocolat when Vianne is pouring cocoa into the cup for Armande and it's perfectly dense and rich... well that's how our hot cocoa/chocolate was. I liked her's more, it did have quite a thicker consistency, allowing her to drink with a spoon. I wish mine also came in a cup instead of a  fishbowl-like glass which made it hard to drink from since it was quite hot after pouring in the cocoa. It also detracted from the warmness that you should feel from drinking cocoa, I feel. But what I didn't like...well a lot actually. First the price. I'm sorry but $8-10 for hot chocolate? Really? Sure it was really good, but I'm not used to paying so much for hot chocolate. Secondly, the cheesecake. Presentation wise, I'd give it a 1.  It gets 1 point for drizzling red raspberry sauce on the plate, ok fine another point for nice cut strawberries. Otherwise, it really seemed like they scooped (yes scooped) the rest of the cheesecake that was left and plopped in on our plate, smothered it with whipped cream and called it a night. It must have been some excellent quality whipped cream that we were paying for then because that's mostly what we ate. The little bit of cheesecake I guess was okay.We couldn't finish our drinks because we were too full. I don't think there will be a next time for me but I'd recommend just getting either a dessert or drink. The drink would've been satisfactory for me. Whatever you do, just don't get the cheesecake.
3	A friend of mine mentioned that he came here a few times, on dates.This place does seem totally designed for dates, many items are for two :) and what's more romantic than chocolate?? When you walk in you will inevitably draw a comparison with Juliette and chocolat...Decor wise, this place seems more cosy and inviting. But menu and dessert wise it's on par with Juliette and chocolat.The menu is extensive, and it gave me a case of I don't know what I want-itis...What we ended up having was a banana split, NYC chocolate shake, and volcano, which is a brownie with a scoop of ice cream.The NYC shake, is not creamy, made with mostly ice, so good for those who are lactose intolerant, but then again a shake without cream or ice cream is in my opinion, a tragedy!!! but it was very chocolaty and less sweet.The banana split was the best thing we had. But ice cream, banana and chocolate sauce is hard to miss. The volcano was too sweet, the brownie was too sweet even though it had a lot of chocolate flavor. It was topped with a scoop of ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce, caramel, and strawberry sauce... too many sauces, and sugar over kill. Again, another nice concept in theory, but things didn't pan out as we had hoped. I do want to go back as there were some things I wanted to try out but could not since we were full coming here...My wish is to have something made with chocolate incorporated in it, some cake or something, not some dessert with chocolate sauce on it... it seems unimaginative, plus we have plenty of that at Juliette and chocolat, why can't we get something different?
3	On our trip to Montreal, my friend and I bookmarked this place for a sweet dessert experience. We had dinner and then gave ourselves a couple of hours of museum time before heading here for our lovely chocolate experience for 2. I am a chocolate fiend so I was very excited to come here in general and the atmosphere didn't disappoint. We were brought a bucket of marshmallow roasting supplies and waited for our plate. I took issue with a couple of things right off the bat. First, I know it comes with one milkshake, which as an experience for two is kind of lame, but this isn't a beautiful tall shake. It comes in a short tumbler and it's basically a tasting portion. That being said, it's one of the best milkshakes I've ever had.The other thing was that we were supposed to get strawberries and bananas, as per the menu, but we got pineapple in lieu of strawberries. It was fine because I love pineapples but it would have been nice to have been warned about the substitution.The waffle tasted a little weird and my friend pointed out that it was a little undercooked in the middle. We didn't really touch it. The grill for the marshmallows runs out so after that, play time is over. The dipping sauce was great and the crunchy wafer balls were as well. I saw a couple of other delicious chocolatey concoctions at other tables so I'd return to try those. But it's a lot of dessert even for two people.
4	Every time I go I try something new - so far, I have never been disappointed. Spot on!
3	Clearly don't go here if you don't like chocolate.  We had the bitter selection for two.  Hot choc good..nice and bitter..fondue just enough..marshmallow toaster was fun, but also good for keeping warm.   What spoiled it was it the seats.  It's January, it's freezing in Montreal.. So being put at the,table that gets the blast of of arctic air whenever the next lot of customers feel the need to,keep both doors open as they try to get in.  Not a pleasant way to eat chocolate.. However the chic was great!  Get a proper porch!
4	OMG! I can believe this place exists! I could feel my blood sugar levels rising when i walk thru that entrance door! I could no believe all the chocolate i could try.  Its wonderful, good quality chocolate. The "restaurant" is big, open concept and very warm feeling. From Hot Chocolates to amazing desserts. Definite try!
4	What can i say - its crepes , chocolate , caramel & other good stuff. And this place has pizza deserts! WIN
1	The service at this establishment is really, really poor. I was embarrassed to be with my friends, many of whom are new to Montreal and to have them treated so poorly. The food is moderately good, although I do not think that it is worth the long waiting times in line, the price.
3	I would strongly suggest that if you go to Cacao 70 you REALLY like chocolate. There is barely anything on this menu that isn't chocolate, chocolate infused, or extremely sweet. The good thing is that I really like chocolate.The service is really slow here so I hope that you aren't in a rush. It took about 10 minutes to get my coffee (iced) and in the end I had to send it back because my husband watched the guy make it. He used his FINGER to stir the coffee. The waiter understood and brought me a a new coffee and obviously at no charge. I was trying to find something relativity healthy to eat for my daughter to no avail. We ended up getting her just strawberries.  The food simply wasn't as amazing as I thought it would be based on the Urbanspoon ranking of "10 Top in Montreal", so maybe I went in with high expectations.I would probably go back if I was having a chocolate fit.
5	This is one of the best crepe places I've been to. The cappuccino is absolutely perfect. Not too strong not too weak. Creamy and smooth. Their crepes are always well cooked. Their service is great always quick. The staff is super nice and friendly.
3	A place completely dedicated to chocolate, ahhhhh!! I was so eager to go, I took a good 30 minutes at home to check out the online menu beforehand. After much deliberation, I picked a chocolate pizza, and decided then and there, that that would be it. If you don't make your mind up pretty quick, be warned, you might fall into a stupor! Will you have a...waffle? a...brownie?a...sundae? The options are mind-blowing, but if you happen to be with friends, a sure bet would be their plates for two, so you can sample everything. We were seated very quickly, and as so many other reviewers have mentioned, the space is lovely, if a little cramped. I guess what they lack in space, they make up in portion size! My chocolate-ricotta pizza arrived on some sort of marble counter-top, which was odd, and incredibly heavy. Sorta tough to maneuver when eating. The pizza was good, and had a nice balance of salty and sweet. The waffles are beautiful, but I'm not sure the spongy texture is my thing. The mini-brownies on the other hand are great! The highlight of the meal was the raspberry-chocolate sundae. That thing is pure decadence. It's massive, it has brownie chunks in it. Gah! Would totally recommend!I wasn't crazy about the service though. My biggest gripe about the place is actually the chocolate. Sad face. It's very sweet and I wonder if they don't prefer the use of candy-level chocolate as opposed to the purer stuff..
5	Love love love this place.  So glad they are expanding now, such an amzing concept.  Chocoholics heaven.The  chocolate is sooo rich so pace  yourself.  I know the menu is super hard to choose  what you  want, and everything looks so good but I would recommmend only  a few chocolately things in one sitting. Great date place, with awkward  chocolate fondu mess- very sexy. Recently had the nutella ricotta pizza, love how they pair some things you don't  normally have with chocolate.  I would love to see more unique twists and combinations, more spices etc. Of course to really experience it you have to  get a Cacao;  so many to choose from and then  you make it just the way you like it with the  right chocolate type and  milk ratio.Of course  most of the chocolate drinks are super duper rich  so you  will be spending quite a while here to enjoy them; perfect for a cold  rainy day.  I know alot of first timers feel weird asking for a to go cup to take their cacoa but it's totally normal.
2	The good news: The sandwich bread is delicious. The chocolate quality is, indeed,1st rate. The bad news: They got 1 of our 2 orders wrong and an order at the table next to ours. My chicken salad was so full of mustard flavour that I could barely finish it though I was famished and too much of the mesclun was rusted. Yet, when my friend asked for mustard for her supposed beef crepe she was told they had none. To boot the crepe had a super thin single layer of beef and almost none of the advertised mushrooms or cheese besides being too sweet to be called savoury. Our mugs of hot chocolate were so huge that we could not have finished them in a million years and the orange flavour advertised was no where to be seen. Service was impossibly slow but they appear to be understaffed and what staff there is appeared under-trained. Verdict: The bad outweighed the good too much for me to go back. There's better elsewhere.
4	I stumbled on in here 7 minutes before they were done taking orders -- yes, I remember the waitress specifically saying I had 7 minutes left to order. I wouldn't call that the most humble welcoming, but it's fine. It didn't bother me much because I was too out of it to care. I ordered a nutella crepe, and just like anything involving nutella, it was amazing. The crepe was perfect, not burnt and not undercooked. The nutella was rich and they aren't stingy with their serving of it either.Cacao 70 is any chocolate-lovin'-sweet-tooth addict's heaven. You won't be disappointed!Fuhrealz.
5	I had the nutella raspberry crepe and it was one of the best thin crepes i ever had, in terms of texture and taste! The staff is extremely friendly. The atmosphere is so cute ( perfect to bring ur date guys!). I went with my girlfriends and we absolutely loved it! ++ very affordable for the quality AND quantity served!!
5	Pure decadence!  Delicious chocolate.  A cornucopia of selection.  From the healthiest antioxidant packed cocoa to the sweetest desserts, this place has it all.  Huge menu.
5	AAAAAAAAMAAAAZING! That is all that can be said about this delectable dessert place. I had toasted my smores on the table, and on another occasion had their black and white waffle. Yum yum - n'uff said! You have to go and try it, but be sure to make reservations! It gets really crowded.
5	Hands down my favourite place to eat in Montreal!  When I stumbled on this little gem online the fat girl in me was ridiculously ecstatic!  A restaurant that served mostly chocolate?!  I was sure I'd died and gone to heaven.  It was recommended for brunch or dessert(can't figure out why), so I thought my daughter and I could go there after the half marathon.  Wrong.  I was too tired after the half and went back to the apartment to sleep.  When we woke up we figured chocolate for dinner was the perfect post race reward.  They don't take reservations on weekends.  We arrived around 8 pm on the Sunday night to a small line.  We waited.  Glad we got there when we did because that line quickly grew.  I knew we'd made a good dining choice when people waited in that long line.  After maybe a 15 to 20 minute wait we were seated.  Our waitress kept coming around to take our orders, but we were so overwhelmed with all the chocolate options we didn't know where to start.  Finally we started on beverages.  I ordered a chocolate raspberry soda and my daughter got the chocolate orange one.  They were so tasty!  All my sodas should be chocolate!  We finally decided on meals.  My daughter got the the Black & White Waffle and I chose the Banana and Nutella crepe.  Afterwards I wished I picked raspberry instead of banana as I can get the banana kind here in Calgary(although not as good... not gonna lie).  However, I loved it.  It was a huge serving and was delicious!  So much nutella and lots of banana.  My daughter's waffles was huge with a scoop of chocolate ice cream, whipped cream, black & white chocolate sauce and little chocolate crisps.  I managed to eat all mine.  My daughter maybe ate 1/3 of hers.  We split the rest for breakfast the next day!  We were hoping to split a dessert(yes, on top of chocolate loaded dinner), but that did not happen.  We were much too full.
4	The ultimate dessert and chocolate place - must try!I'm well acquainted with Juliette and Chocolat which similarly specializes in decadent chocolate treats from hot cocoa to crepes, although I think Cacao 70 has a far greater selection.If you want to accompany some friends but aren't a chocolate enthusiast, they even have salads and wraps.Went on a Friday evening and it was pretty packed. There's a very cozy feel to the place, it's warm and a great setting for a date or groups to share good times over a huge fondue.I tried the tutti fruiti waffles served with a drizzle of milk chocolate, strawberries, caramelized bananas and vanilla ice cream on the side. For 13.50$, it is worth the size of the portion and could be filling as a meal itself. I also got their american style hot chocolate milk, which was extremely rich - I'm pretty sure there was more chocolate than milk in it and if let to cool down, it would solidify! Unfortunately it just gets too sweet and sickening, I was not able to finish everything I ordered despite having a light dinner beforehand.There should be a warning to consume in moderation. I will be going back as I'm eager to try some of their lighter desserts like crepes or cakes or perhaps just for a drink, they have smoothies and milkshakes too.
4	My boyfriend and I visited my cousin in Montreal three weeks ago. We got to try a popular chocolate dessert cafe/restaurant called Cacao 70. They offered a limited selection of coffee drinks but I wasn't there for the coffee. Since it was brunch time, I was desperate to have some content into my stomach. I didn't want to order dessert because I had nothing in the morning and didn't want to be filled up on sugar. So I ordered one of their savoury crepes, The House Special (I think, I'm basing it off their online menu since I forgot to record it). It came with fruit appetizers that you could dip in chocolate before the main entree came. I definitely enjoyed the food! It was not crazily mind-blowing and unique, but it definitely gave me a fill and I was definitely content.I really liked the atmosphere and their chocolate-themed restaurant. You could also buy chocolate to take back with you if you wish. I didn't buy any only because they were a bit pricey for a bag.If I was to come back to Montreal (which I obviously am), I would definitely try their dessert crepes. Even if you hate chocolate (like my boyfriend), there is definitely something there for everyone.
4	Really cool chocolatey place, I prefer over similar places in Montreal so if you want to have a pure chocolate delight you should definitely give it a try.Alternatively there are salty crepes for brunch :-) but why bother
4	After visiting Cacao 70 twice, I can say I was quite pleased by its food and atmosphere. They have a broad menu with an interesting variety of chocolate drinks, food (waffles, crepes, baked goods, ice cream, etc.) as well as smoothies and, for the ones who would prefer eating a proper meal, sandwiches and salads. Their brownies are moist, fresh and warm, and their hot chocolates are rich and tasty, yet not overbearing. As for the waffles they are good as well but, in my experience, a bit hard to digest. I would definitely recommend this place for chocolate lovers and I am looking forward to visit Cacao 70 again to try something new!
4	I could have died happy after eating at Cacao 70! This was the perfect establishment to get my crepe fix when I was in Montreal on vacation.Firstly, let's start with the decor. It was chic and trendy with a touch of hipster, so I was immediately obsessed with everything they were about. Though the extensive line was a bit discouraging, my friend and I decided to stick it out. The wait wasn't too bad, but it definitely helped that there were only two of us. We seated right by the open windows, which was appreciated on a beautiful summer night, and we were given our menus that were a small example of what you could be served if you were in heaven. I chose the chocolate raspberry crepe, and oh my goodness gracious, it was sweet, tart, and absolutely delicious. What I experienced is what I like to call a "food-gasm." It's exactly what it sounds like. I couldn't have asked for a better crepe to make my stay in Montreal perfect.Though the place was terribly crowded, I did lose myself in the food and found myself ignoring everyone around me. For an establishment to do that was quite blissful.
4	I just love this place! It's beautiful, the food is incredible and the portions are big! My new chocolate place! :)
4	A wide selection of everything chocolate you can think of! From brownies to fondue, from hot chocolate to cakes. We were a group and we ordered of bunch of stuff. Everything tasted wonderful and full of flavor. One of my friends described it like he hit a new high. Their hot chocolate was so thick, so it tasted like melted chocolate. The fondue was awesome with so many food combinations. The cheesecake tasted so good. On top of this, pricing was fair. Overall, a great place to sample some of the best chocolate desserts.
4	Beware of the relatively big portions in this cacao heaven. The brunch omelettes have a side fruit dish with chocolate to dip in. Both omelettes and crepes are so well sized, by the time your cacao arrives you are already full. If you are cacao lover just focus on it as it is so good and is a meal by itself. BTW you can take your cacao home if you can't finish it. One thing for sure, chocolate beer, import from UK doesn't help either, but tasting a version of chocolate Guinness with your crepe seems to be appropriate although strange combination.  Service in this place is nice, on a crowded Sunday afternoon we were taken care of promptly. The only problem I had is all my cloths smelled deep fried after I left the resto.
3	my girl bought me here. we ordered the banana split waffles and the cheesecake.The waffles banana split was more show and no go. Lots of Belgian waffles with a single dollop of ice cream. One sliced banana with caramel on it, side of chocolate balls and chocolate sauce. The whole thing was too dry for me. It was pretty to look at, but didn't have the awesome, wet ice cream dripping, fudge dripping taste that im used to in a banana split. I felt like I was eating bread with ice cream. With a little bit of decoration on the side. They should instead use like 3 scoops of ice cream and douse the entire thing in sauce.The cheese cake was a mound covered with whip cream. Its not a traditional slice. Imagine a dollop of cheese cake covered in a mountain of whip cream. The actual cheesecake was much more on the tangy and sour side rather than being sweet.Im sure it's a good place, I guess I just like a different style.
4	Now as I am not a chocolate lover *GASP!*, I don't quite have the capacity to fawn over the majority... or almost any of this menu. BUT, I do know that the staff are knowledgeable, friendy, and that the atmosphere is terrific. I have seen cute couples enjoy the fondue sets and have an appreciation for their tea selection. The menu is about 90% chocolate so I found myself eating a Turkey sandwhich, and although it was a little over my usual cafe budget, it was soooo tasty (blueberry AND cranberry sauce - YUM). You can't call yourself a chocolate fan if you've never been, please have the s'mores so I can live vicariously through you!Food:  8/10Service:  9/10 - friendly and informative, personalized staffPrice: 9/10Atmosphere: 9/10
3	this is more of a 3.5 stars but since we cant give half a star..its chocolate heaven but its pricey. im guessing its because i can get better chocolate for a tad less. nonetheless, its a good place to relax and enjoy with some friends, go on a date or do some eavesdropping if by yourself.. i usually stick with the chocolate beverage as its the best deal
3	Ordered the American hot chocolate, semi-sweet and it was very creamy and tasty.  Very nice to have a real hot chocolate somewhere, especially in cold canada!
4	Wow!! Love this place, great vibe, perfect for desserts after dinner, whether you are on a date or with friends, perfect to satisfy a sweet tooth. Their desserts look really good, especially the hot chocolate. We got the chocolate fondue because we were way too full from dinner. Got a single order to share between the two of us, the triple chocolate fondue allows you to have three different kind of chocolates swirled in the pot. We had the dark, semi sweet and white chocolate. It comes served with pineapple chunks, strawberry, waffle bites, and brownie bites. I wish there was more varieties of fruits but it's still a good value at under $9. I'd totally go back.
4	Upon entry, I was seated immediately despite the restaurant seeming to scream "no more, too many already". And it was a good spot too, at the back with 3 chairs, even though it was for just me and one other. Place was like a sauna! Sweat gathered on my nose. Not complaining 'cause it was a snowy day (hopefully the last for this winter and note to those from warmer cities like me, there is snow here at the end of March sometimes). Waitress was cheery. All smiles. I wasn't seated for even 5 minutes and she asked me what I'd like to drink while waiting for my friend. Just water was fine. And what was super great was that they gave a water jug and 2 glasses with the menus! Not many places do that apart from some Korean restaurants. Yay! I ordered the banana split waffles and my friend took the choco-nut waffles. They were similar except that she had strawberries with her bananas and I had choco wafer balls with bananas, which were, in addition, caramelized. Oh! And hers had whipped cream (I was slightly jealous about that). All in all, a good meal at a good price ($14.5 + tax). I walked out thinking this place is a tad better than Juliette et Chocolat. Bigger portions and wider selection of desserts and non-sweet dishes.
5	This is how you do business right.Nice place, great food and drink, knowledgable and energetic staff, and consistency.Keep it up guys this is why you are always full.
5	My to go to dessert place! Awesome for casual meet ups! Its afordable & delicious what more can one ask for? Ive tried different types of dessert snd my top 1 is the pizza , its just so tasty! I love it
3	This place has amazing desserts! Perfect for people who are chocolate addicts. The portions are big and it's a bit on the expensive side, but totally worth it. But here's why I am only giving them 3 stars. Last time we went there in October 2013, we had terrible service:When we came in, (which was out 5th time probably), the place was rather empty, about 2-3 tables were occupied. We sat down, already knowing what to order. We ordered, and then we wait. After 15-20 minutes of waiting, I noticed how it took so long since it was only one plate and we would always order it previously. Our table was facing the checking counter, where the waiters would usually punch in the orders. I saw our waiter going to the counter, and said loudly "Oh Sh*t!!" with another waitress beside him. She looked at us with a "shocking" look on her face, and walked away. Immediately after I saw that, our waiter came to us and said "Sorry guys, your plate will be there in like 10 minutes, there's a problem with the waffle machine" and he proceeded to give us the knives and forks, which they usually do right after we tell our order.  Obviously, I didn't believe him, I just knew it was pure BS and he simply forgot to put in our order. Also, I saw another waiter giving a plate of waffles to another table that came AFTER us, we waited 10 more minutes and left unsatisfied. Since then, we haven't returned to this place, since the waiter lied to us straight up and nobody else seemed to care of what happened. Service has never been the best there, and that day proved it. We understand it was a mistake and that these things happen, but we are a big fan of this place and we are going to the one in the village, which has better service. I would recommend Cacao 70 to anybody who loves chocolate, waffles and ice cream, this place is exceptional for what they do, despite of what happened! :)
4	What a treat!! Sooo decadent. We stopped for a snack and then couldn't even think about dinner. Delicious hot cocoa.
4	I had the half portion of the chocolate marshmallow pizza, and it is VERY sweet, but good! I went with 3 other people and we each had a slice and were satisfied. Although it would have tasted better if the dough part was crispier. I also had the grilled vegetarian sandwich, and it was extremely bland, I wouldn't recommend it!Also had the Milk Chocolate Milk Shake - AMAZING! very tasty!The service was EXTREMELY friendly!!! Very good service! Atmosphere is also really comforting and relaxing!
1	Poor customer service!!!! If you see  a lot of people waiting there, it does not exactly mean that the place is good. It is probably because the waiters don't give a F*** about the customers that come in. After 10 min of waiting to be sited,  we finally got a good spot. BUT after 5 minutes the waiter demanded us ( not asked) to move to another table because he wants to put a group over there of three people ( on table for 2) . I don't know about their food quality but the service is Horrible!! If you want a good service, good food go to Juliette et chocolate it is much better , and few steps away
2	Crowded place, I went with friends on sunday afternoon. The chocolate is good bu a bit pricey.Now the service is TERRIBLE! We were 3 friends and got a table (after the looong line). Then 15min later a 4th friend shows up at our table and the waitress refuses to serve him. Apparently it is against their policy to serve 4 people on a small table. We told the waitress we could accommodate, the boss came and told us that we would have to go back to the line up. Again. How retarded.
4	This place is chocolate heaven. Went here on a winter night when visiting Montreal.  Everything from the chocolate and the ambience just hit it out of the park. I've been to another chocolate establishment in Montreal (The name of it is Shakespeare inspired, so I'll let you guess.) yet this place is so much better.
5	I love this place. A dessert lovers heaven! My favourite is the volcano brownie and the banana + waffles dessert. Every bite is bliss.  The cost is a little high to go on a regular basis but you can always share the plates amongst friends. There is a lot of selection and I couldn't believe how rich the hot chocolate is. My roommate couldn't finish hers and was sipping it on the way home. Later she placed it in the fridge and we found  a block of chocolate!!! Yum!
4	Slow service! Tried there spicy hot chocolate excellent choice. Don't think you can go wrong ..The vanilla and chocolate waffle was excellent, it's can be easily shared with two.
4	This is a delightful place, especially for brunch! Our server was very knowledgable about the menu, and was appropriately able to recommend items to us. The portions are large, but not immense. The melted chocolate with fruit is delicious. So are their waffles, and smoked salmon ciabatta sandwich. Service was rather quick and the ambiance is relatively vibrant. The only thing was that the manager on duty (doubling as a host) was a bit inattentive (took ten minutes to seat us (there were tons of tables available, but one has to wait to be seated), primarily because he was engaged in conversation with someone instead of manning the host area) and had a severe scowl on his face (so I hope he was just having a bad day). Otherwise, great place to go!
5	Posting the Byward Market - Ottawa location review here.Cacao 70 2nd Day opening - nice concept, thanks for opening in the Byward Market!!  Toronto next?  I think this would be BIG in Los Angeles Market - Irvine, Costa Mesa, Rowland Heights, Hermosa Beach, Santa Monica, Old town Pasadena??  maybe franchise it out?This is a chocolate lovers dream cafe...no calorie count posting!!Good service, by Adam.Loved the Chocolate Fondue.Good Luck Ottawa, hope to visit on my next trip.Get the Ottawa Yelp location updated!!
4	Best breakfast for anyone with a sweet tooth. Had waffles drizzled in dark and white chocolate. It's pretty hard not to overeat at this place!
4	If you want to get your sweets / chocolate fix, this is the place to go. I went on a sunday night around 9PM and there was a short line up.We decided to go for the Choco-nut waffle and the Strawberry shortcake. Both delicious, except I found the shortcake a bit too dry. Would have added a bit more of strawberry syrup to make it more moist.Our waiter was nice and helpful, and service was quite fast.
4	We were in Montreal for four days and came here twice for brunch! (My sister has a chocolate addiction.) I opted for the fritatta, which was served with crispy bread. It came in a HUGE pan and was quite tasty, although watery at the bottom of the pan.Service was a little inattentive, although friendly. The other negative would be that the wooden decorative wall that we sat against had large clumps of dust that we were slightly worried about falling into our food.
5	Been travelling all around the world and I must say this place is amazing. Went there with my date and we had an amazing time. Service is excellent, the ambiance is great. Desserts are amazing and will go back again. Thank you Cacao 70
3	Funny thing. I'm not sure if I really like or somewhat dislike this place. The chocoholic in my loves it. The hot dark chocolate is yummy and who wouldn't like a chocolate dessert style pizza?!? That said, I also find the open industrial unfinished rustic look too cold and uninviting for the warmth and coziness that chocolate represents. The menu, which is a tad predictable and unoriginal, could benefit from more creative dishes and I was disappointed by some of dishes on more than one occasion. If ever you have a hankering for a chocolate & oatmeal breakfast, I'd avoid it here. Rather lacks in any taste and the use of milk chocolate instead of dark only adds to the blandness. That said, do try one of the sweet creamy cocoa oozy dessert pizzas. You'll feel like Miss Piggy, but it'll satisfy that sweet tooth for a while!
5	The best chocolate and brunch restaurant. Its a great place to hang out with friends and enjoy all kinds of chocolate foods including pancakes, foundues, chocolate pizzas and much more! Go check it out you wont regret it!!
5	Oh yeah! This place knows a thing or two about good hot chocolate, waffles and crepes. If you're craving something sweet, you owe it to yourself to visit Cacao 70. My personal favourite is Cacao 70 Vintage Strawberry Shortcake for $10.25. The service was prompt, the atmosphere was good and did I mention their Grilled Marshmallows Cacao? mmmm it's delicious. I'm salivating just thinking about this place. If you have a sweet tooth, you'll be thankful you stopped by that place.
3	Service is terrible, TERRIBLE. Its like they are actually paying us to go and have food there. This place is so crowded and loud, you can't have a proper conversation . I think it's a little bit overpriced too, the plates are well presented and everything but it's not wow. I went there twice and I think i'll end up going to juliette et chocolat instead, much much better.
4	it's a bit on the pricy side but totally worth it..i go there mostly every other weekend and oh do i enjoy it!! their coffee is always on point and all the waiters are friendly even though it gets so busy especially on sundays..the chocolate pizza,classic hot chocolate and the sweet experiences are all must trys
5	In need of Saturday brunch our hotel's concierge recommended this place. It was amazing. The restaurant is really cute and has an upbeat fun cafe vibe. It smells like chocolate as soon as you open the door. The menu has tons of options so everyone is bound to find something they would like. We both got frittatas which came served in a cast iron pan. They were perfect. To our surprise the frittatas came with fresh fruit and melted chocolate for dipping. I'm not a big chocolate fan but I have to say the chocolate was really delicious. The service was great. I would love to visit Cacao 70 again when returning to Montreal in the future.
3	Waited for 20+ minutes around 9pm on  a Saturday. Table management needs improvement but desserts were good. The main thing is the fondue. Dark chocolate fondue was good - how does the chocolate stay smooth without a flame? We had the one with pineapple, strawberries, bananas, brownie bits (dense and moist!), and waffle bits (fluffy!). I also had a chocolate crepe with banana (too ripe for my taste) which was ok, would be better with some icecream.
5	even on a busy night & made-to-order menu items.. the food arrives to your table in such an awesome timely manner it's amazing... BECAUSSEEEE ... the desserts are so delicious! even just reading through the menu makes you drool. i've had the pleasure of indulging in the Choco-Nut Waffle on two different occasions while on vacation in Montreal earlier this month. the batter of the waffle is something i've never tasted here back in the states & it's a flavor i will continue to crave until i find my way back to canada. fluffy, warm, & tasty complete with that made-from-scratch touch. items are pretty pricey here, but everything in canada is expensive. luckily the price is completely justified in the quality of food. service is wonderful & you gotta love when a cafe is all hipstered out perfect for your instagram pix lol. love this place, 5 stars no doubt.
5	if you are in Montreal, you need to come to cacao 70. You won't be disappointed with their menu. Everything I eat here is amazing.  Each time I have a friend visiting me, I bring them here. Try the Lazy Breakfast or the black and white crepe for Brunch. You won't regret.
4	The classic chocolate fondue is really good, the fruits are fresh and the chocolate itself is very good (milk chocolate)
4	Great place for desserts. Good location and nice staff. About the food:- chocolate and fruits crepe: not a good option for us. It comes with around 80% fruits, 15% crepe dough and only 5% chocolate. I missed more chocolate in the dish.- Mexican hot chocolate - delicious creamy hot chocolate. It comes with more chocolate than milk. - Triple chocolate fondue - deliciousTip: do the reservation, otherwise you will wait for a long time to get a seat.
