4	What can I do??? I have a child and she like's places that have giant birds, freckled lemonade and free balloons!! Some of the food here blow's of course and some of it is really good. I really like their campfire sauce I have to have some when I come here it taste's like well.....CAMPFIRE you should just try it if you haven't yet you'll see what they mean. The other thing I love here is the chicken tortilla soup minus the chicken. It's really good with a bunch of cheese, kidney beans, corn oh and did I mention cheese!?!? The presentation is pretty and I love it in this cold weather mmmm!For the adults they have some pretty good drinks including some wine,  Guinness and Blue Moon. I suggest eating light here like no meat but that's just me. Oh they always seems pretty polite and helpful here unlike the Shea/Scotts location but that's another story.
2	After watching an advert for large burgers in 3d Phoenix was sunny with no sign of cheeseburger. Didn't  stop at the nearest place, Johnny Rockets ,and we went a bob bob bobbin' along to Red Robin. Near 4 in the afternoon isn't a busy time but the service-dividend one would hope to reap wasn't  present. Greetings, placement, balloon for kid all happy:) time to drinks good. Then not so much. Ordered a burger that had jalapenos as part of the garnish. What i got was double fried, at least, and cold .While the server did go back and get some  it's a pain in the ass to have to open up, pick them out, and wait for the new ones to get back. It's a small thing? Maybe so small that anyone with brains would not serve cold, fat sodden and about as far from crispy as you can get in the first place.Paltry number of fries ( seemingly you can ask for more but found that out a little too lateThe bun was claimed to be a jalapeno,meant to be chipotle mayo  and the burger was meant to have seen cayenne. Tasted fine, just not gourmet  in terms of ingredients and presentation.My wife's BLTA was the straggliest SINGLE piece of bacon we've seen in a long time and the 2 piece of avocado  seemed to have visited the same health farm as the pig:) Slow refills, had to ask for mine. Wife's refilled but way late in meal. Poor value. realistically it's about 2.25 rounded down.
4	I love burgers, I mean who doesn't, maybe except vegetarians?My husband and I decided to go out and get a burger, we were up in the happy valley area on our way to dick's sporting goods, so we droped in here to fulfill our burger urges. They have so many to choose from it takes a few minutes to get through the menu. They also offer and endless amount of french fries and refills. I can't remember what the name of the burger was I ordered, but I can tell you it had guac, and Bacon on it. The burgers can be ordered two different ways, pink or not pink. It seems like this place is really flexible on how the meals can be ordered. They do have on the menu I think one burger without bun, but you can order any burger they have "protein style". I ordered mine "protein style" which just means instead of a bun you have your's wrapped in lettuce. Also I substituted the endless fries with a side order of a salad. We didn't wait very long before being served our meals. Once I got my burger and salad I macked it down.. It was pretty good. I gave this place 4 stars instead of 3 because of the flexibility in their menu.
3	Went for lunch we had the bottomless fries to start very hot and good especially with redrobin seasoning salt . We had a huge portion of the chicken parmasian, took home leftovers. We also had the soup and salad, a little pricey plus very little onions in French onion soup. The service was above averge. We frequent this restaraunt every couple months. Always very consistent. Only complaint prices keep climbing, please run some specials or coupons we might come back more often.
4	I want to preface this review by reminding the reader that I am a 23 year old grad-school student who does not have a stick up his ass.This Red Robin is my favorite kind of place.  And it's not about the food or the drink; it's the setting.  This is the place where I can walk in, just sit at the bar and chat with the employees.  It'd be nice if they were allowed to drink with me, but what can you do.  Anyway, it's very informal and that's what I want.  I dislike the whole customer-server relationship; it leads to an awkward "hey you're cool but fetch me some ketchup" kind of attitude.I've casually chatted with several of the people who work here and we talk as equals.  It's feels less that they are there to service my drinking whims, but more like we're there to make the time pass by a little faster.  For me it's usually because I'm stalling to be somewhere I don't want to be; for them it's because they are at work.  However it's just really relaxed and more like chatting with the same buddy you see regularly at the bus stop.Regardless; onto the food!  The burgers are delicious, the fries aren't half bad, and I really (read: REALLY) like their honey-mustard.  I suggest the guacamole burger (if you swing that way) but I'd safely say that most of their food is good.  It's like a delicious diner, but without the feelings of shame and guilt for being there, drunk, at three in the morning.Definitely a place I enjoy being a regular when I need to relax with a beer and not sit home.
4	If you are a fan of yummy, juicy, unhealthy burger, then this is the place to go!My favorite is the A1 Peppercorn burger. The patty is made to your liking (I like mine Medium). When you bite into the burger, you bite into a little bit of heaven. Make sure to add their "secret" Red Robin spice to the burger, it totally enhances the flavor. Although this gourmet burger place is a "chain", it definitely doesn't feel like a chain quality.Along with their burgers, they offer free bottomless steak fries. They are fried to perfection and will fill you up quick.Average price is about $8-10 for the burgers, but it includes the unlimited fries, so it's a pretty decent deal. Definitely bang for your buck if you come here.Be sure to sign up for their e-club too as you get a free meal on your birthday!
4	Such a happy place.  When I have kids, I'm taking them here to get a balloon and to be happy. I had the Ensanada plate... two chicken breasts (nice spice to them) and a salad.  It was very yummy for low carb me. Service was awesome... we had extra drinks available for our consumption before we were even half way done with our first ones.Food came out quick as well.
3	The food was decent and the drinks were delicious.  However, I wonder if there is some special training that waiters and waitresses go through in Arizona to constantly tell you that "you must really be feeling that one by now!" when you have had a few sips of a drink.  Being told that I'm drunk when I haven't had a more than half of a cocktail is off-putting and I've experienced it at enough Red Robin's to wonder.
4	Classic burgers, awesome fries and onion rings.  I always add the "red's relish" to my cheeseburger, it makes it unique.
2	This place is a chain, so I'll keep this brief.  The burgers are just ok.  Nothing special and definitely don't come anywhere near my Best Burgers of Phoeinx list.  I had the Royal Burger or whatever it is called.  Look, it's the one with the egg on it ok?  Anyway, the egg is way too done.  I'd prefer over easy or medium at the most, but this sucker was way over hard.  Not a fan so I 86ed the thing.  Way too much mayo on it too.  The fries are decent, mozarella sticks too.  Nothing amazing here.  I did enjoy the chocolate shake though.The two times I have been to this location the service has been pretty poor.  Nothing I'm in the mood to get into right now, but the hostess was lame and the waitress subpar.Funny tip: when they ask if you've been to a Red Robin before.  Say no.  They all over react like it's the craziest thing that you've never been to a Red Robin before.  I don't see the big deal if you haven't and their reaction is annoying, but now that you know what they'll do it is fun to mess with them and see how they over react.Want great burgers?  See my list of Phoenix's best burgers. Try one of those places and you won't be disappointed.
4	This chain caters to families and mine definitely enjoys going here.  The burgers are pretty good and the kids menus are extensive and very customizable.  I have tried a number of the burgers and chicken sandwiches, all are very good and it's especially nice with all the items you can add or change in an order.  Also, the salads are quite good, with fresh ingredients, which you don't always get at a chain restaurant.The wait staff is willing to customize and is always friendly, no matter how many changes we ask for.  This customizability makes it great to bring the kids, and not always have them eat fries with their meal.  Another great thing about this particular store is that the staff comes by so frequently to refill the drinks and fries that we hardly ever have to wait for anything.One drawback about this location is that on the weekends, possibly due to the movie theater, the parking lot and restaurant can be quite full.  It can be an ordeal finding parking, with 3 restaurants so close to each other in a small lot.  Additionally, the noise inside on a Saturday night makes it hard to hear each other.For families with kids I highly recommend Red Robin for their large kids menu, their good burgers, and fresh salads.
4	I'm not a big burger fan so I had never eaten here before.  I went there with family and the food here was really good with lots of options.  My only complaint was that it was really really loud.
5	Red Robin, as a whole, is one of my favorite chains.  The food is always good and the service is usually top notch.  I've been to this particular location a few times and been completely satisfied.  Highly recommended!
4	Yes, this is a chain restaurant, and maybe I shouldn't get too excited over a standard hamburger chain-but what can I say? I love french fries! And Red Robin gives you bottomless steak fries. That's right, I said bottomless. steak. fries.  Delicious.Oh, and the beer is always so cold that ice chips float in it. For those of you that enjoy that sort of thing.
1	Went there on Sunday-  New Years Day...  they were busy but not that busy-  It took 20 minutes for the food to come out the first time-  cold...then 15 more minutes the 2nd time...but they got my meal wrong...they re-made it the 3rd time and it was still wrong....  made it 4 times...it's been an hour and 10 minutes...I ate it;....but it was still wrong...  you'd think I ordered something special....  hamburger without maynoise protein style cooked medium...they couldn't get it right...every time came out beyond well done...  not sure how many time the manager said I'm sorry and finally the 4th time said...maybe we need to check the grill...you think????  I bet most people would deal with it and just not go back....  If I'm paying for something I want it right and the way I want it....   I get mistakes happen...but 4 times...  they need to get their $#&%*)&%@  together or they'll find everyone going to the other Red Robins where you get what you order.
3	Typical Red Robin, so not much to say. The rib tips are crappy, but the beer was nice and cold.
4	I have a toddler. Toddlers are loud and void of restaurant manners. Thankfully, Red Robin is loud and doesn't expect toddlers to have manners. You can order your sticky-fingered kiddo a grilled cheese for $1.99 without a side and the high-fructose corn syrup beverage. All a sticky-fingered kiddo really needs is a grilled cheese anyway. The staff is (mostly) attentive and helpful. Before I had my babe I never thought I would frequent a Red Robin, but the toddler-friendly choices in my 'hood are not bountiful. You do what you gotta do. And honestly, I love the burger with the pineapple and teriyaki sauce.
5	I LOVE Red Robins steak fries soooo much!!...dipped in ranch dressing...of course. Always great service at this location too!!
4	The patio is dog friendly, and they give your pooch a bowl of water too :) Dog friendly is very important to me.
1	I usually like Red Robin.  Normally the food is good and portions are huge.  This was my first time at the Happy Valley location.  The service was fine.  This single star rating is for the food.I got the Prime Rib sandwich and it was incredibly small.  There was almost no meat on it.  The sandwich was over $13.  I don't know if they've decreased their portion size or what, but I would never have expected that from Red Robin.I would not recommend this place.  However, I might eventually try another Red Robbin.
3	Pleasantly surprised.  Nice happy hour and bar area.  Burger was good.  Definitely would go back.
1	Lasy nite we were there about 7 pm. It so incredibly LOUD, I had to yell to be heard over the noise. I ordered the A1 pepercorn burg and my girlfriend ordered the `prime rib sandwich. There was no silverware when our food got to us.The waitress said all the utensils were dirty or havent come out of the dishwasher?  My girlfriends sandwich and the coleslaw on her plate was warm,slaw should be cold. She bit into the sandwich,had a funny look on her face and pulled out a broken toothpick. The toothpicks that were in her sandwich originally were not broken. The manager was informed about this and picked the entire check up,but we would never go back there.
4	Eaten here allot more times than I have checked in. Favorite place for the kiddos.You go to chains for comfort.. and to know what you will be getting. All Red Robins are pretty much the same. Same food, same unlimited steak fries, same yummy freckled strawberry lemonade... oh yaaaaa!This location is no different. And, we have never had a bad experience. Management takes care of staff, and staff is well trained. It shows in the service that you receive.We live close - and the kids love - so we will be back!
4	Got to love Red Robin for a great burger and the chicken is great also good. My go to place for a quality quick burger. Nice that they have a full bar too. I enjoy a nice glass of wine or whiskey on the rocks with my meal. ;)
3	The best turkey burger ever. The food is always good here a wonderful verity of burgers and of course bottomless fries if that is your thing.I would not recommand going durning busy times the place is a little crazy.
2	Been to this location quite a few times as my loyalty card and free burgers would attest to.  Although the last 3 times I have eaten here always with the bacon cheeseburger, I have been disappointed.  The bacon is ice cold when I get my burger.  One time I had to send it back 3 times before I got a burger that the bacon actually felt like it had not come from the ice box.  I even mentioned to the manager whom I believe is new as I have not seen the managers I used to see anywhere around lately, did you change the way you handle your bacon, his response the bacon has a 15 minute shelf life once cooked maybe you just got it at the end of that.  REALLY!  WOW!  Yeah 3 times a charm why would I come back.
2	I usually really like Red Robin...I am a Royalty Member and have earned many free burgers (it really is a great program).  When we were visiting the Phoenix area, I was happy to find a Red Robin 1 mile from our hotel.  Sadly to say, the experience was underwhelming.  As soon as we sat down, we knew we were in trouble as the place was packed but hardly any servers.  It took a long time to get our drinks and we never got refills!  A server left a water pitcher near our table and we filled our own glasses (we each ordered more than water but never got a refill).  I ordered the Baja Chicken Club (which was really good with the roasted green chilis), my kids each had something off the kids menu (they were happy) and my husband ordered the new Berserker burger.  It took a long time to get our food.  My husband's burger was not good (bland, flavorless) - after 1 bite he sent it back.  He replaced it with the mushroom burger.  He finally got the burger after all of us had finished our meals.  The 2nd burger was worse....again very bland and the mushrooms were not drained so the entire burger and bun was mushy.  He immediately told the waitress and she said she was sorry and would be back shortly.  She never came back and my husband just ate the patty (left off the bun).   My husband never sends back food and he is usually very patient.  But 2 bad burgers was his limit but it was never taken care of.You could see table around us were not happy...a table of 6 were seated way before us and got their food way after us (they were chewing out the manager).  Another table left after never getting service.  Our waitress was very nice, she just had to cover a lot of table as there seemed to be only a small handful of servers and the place was packed!  Very disappointed with this one!
5	Apple grilled chicken salad hit the spot!  Just the right everything:  feta, light tasty dressing, walnuts, crisp apple bits and juicy grilled chicken.  Great service by Brittni.  Only gripe was cool draft in bar area booth.
4	After contacting the company about my experience, I received a followup call from the manager Paul.  Not only was he very nice and professional, he didn't make any excuses and agreed that the service the night we were there was very lacking in the restaurant.  He offered a gift card to return and experience the restaurant again.  I appreciate when a company not only fixes their mistakes, but does it in a very honest and non-excuse making manner.
3	Packed on a Thursday afternoon.  They were able to seat our party of 8 without any issues.  Food was fine.
5	Well, when I want a good burger I go here or TGIF.  I like the big flat screens they have- I like watching while waiting for the food.  I like the Hawaiian burger with the teriyaki sauce and pineapple.  Or, anything with BBQ sauce or bacon or cheddar or Swiss cheese.  They come out hot and most of the time I get the bottomless sweet potato fries. I'm slightly addicted to sweet potato fries.The place is clean for the most part and has a slight sports bar atmosphere.  The location at Happy Valley Rd sometimes has slow service with sometimes unpleasant staff.  I've not had problems with the Peoria location.  Make sure to join the rewards club and get your free birthday burger.  No complaints about the food.
1	Lunch went downhill today ... we were hungry and decided to stop at Red Robin.  To begin with, I had to ask the server to wipe off the table.  The place had just opened for lunch and all the tables looked like they had been hastily wiped down from the night before and put out to the pasture to dry.  Even the menus were sticky.  Gross.  Burgers were just "OK".  Lots of sloppy sauce.  Nothing to write home about. Meh.  I ate the meat and left the bun.  $22 for two burgers.  We won't be back.  PS- This place needs a good cleaning.
2	Bad service and bad food. Got sick that night from eating one of their burgers. I don't suggest eating at this Red Robin.
4	This was our first visit to a Red Robin and what a fun place!  The bar area is open seating so we were able to by-pass a bit of a line to get seated in the regular part of the restaurant.  Our waitress was really nice while we took a second to review the menu and what we may want to try out.I had the Tavern Double (a deal at $6.99) and he had the Chicken sandwich - both came with bottomless fries and ranch dipping sauce.  I was very pleased with the flavor of the burger and the level of toppings to burger ratio was perfectly done.  His chicken sandwich was deliciously done as well.  The breading was so yum.  The bottomless fries were steak fries - which are notoriously hard to cook well considering that the outside cooks faster than the middles.  These were done decently - not my favorite, but not bad!  The ranch was really the pull for bringing these back up to good eats.  Who would have thought to combine ranch with fries?  Brilliant.  Fatty.  But brilliant.Overall: A-Packed and noisy, so be ready for that, but the food is delicious and the staff is friendly.  We will so be back for the ranch.
4	Came in around the end of dinner.  Got seated quickly, service was great, food was good, cleanliness was very questionable! We could see into the kitchen and there was trash all over the floor.
4	Great burgers, friendly staff, unlimited fries and open late. What more could you ask for?
3	Dinner with the Saunders Family
1	Super slow service. I'm currently sitting here waiting for my takeout order. I have been here for roughly 25 minutes and am receiving no help. We might as well have eaten here...I probably would have gotten my food faster.
1	Ok after making my thoughts known to the head area/territory guy and being told let me fix this restaurant and I will invite you back as my guest, um I think we have been forgotten.  We tried the place again.  They remodeled.  I do not like it.  I walk in and the restaurant now has the closed in feeling as if they are now hiding everything.  ordered our usual bacon cheeseburgers that is after a 15 minute wait just to even be recognized as we must have been statues in the seat.  The oh so famous bottomless fries were over cooked and dry,  I jest at the bottomless as we saw the bottom and never received more even though I said to keep them coming.  I now had an empty glass which was never refilled.  Finally burgers came yay.  Wait BOO,  bun soggy very wet lettuce on it and  bacon cold as ice and rubbery.  Yup we were done, oh manager, we arent eating this and we arent paying good bye.   Never again NEVER!My royalty/ loyalty card is in the landfill.
1	No more unlimited steak fries unless you ask. We had a large reservation for a Saturday evening. When we arrived, we were extremely disappointed to find that the manager couldn't seat us not only together, but on opposite sides of the restaurant to the point where we couldn't even see each other. He acted like we were inconveniencing him. Having worked in the industry for years, I offered some suggestions of how we could make this work & he simply refused to listen. Well, now you can listen to my feet walk out the door ... Our parties were on opposite sides, our side was literally done eating before the other side even got their food. RIDICULOUS. Checks got messed up and mixed up. There were things on our tabs that NO ONE had ordered. No mas, Red Robin.
3	Our service was awesome and this would have been a 5 star rating, but the up keep of the restaurant is terrible. The floors are super dirty from messy customers, and the restrooms are disgusting. The restroom area reaks of sewer. All the toilet paper rolls are lying around because they no longer have the crossbars. The trash bins were all full and paper towels and toilet paper littered the floor. The sewer smell has been there since my last visit about 3 weeks ago, so there must be no urgency to solve this issue.
3	The food is pretty good and priced fairly. I struggle to find healthy options on the menu at this place and it's been packed with kids each time I've gone... so inevitably, you'll be forced to hear one of those annoying happy birthday songs. All and all, it's a chain restaurant so it's what you would expect. Staff has always been friendly and quick with orders.
4	Typical Red Robin.
4	If you've got a burger and bottomless fry craving....Red Robin is the place to go. Good variety of burgers, salads, chicken sandwiches and appetizers.This visit, as with any other on a Friday or Saturday night, means at least a 20 minute wait and so so service. The place gets so crowded, that it appears the restaurant is always understaffed and the servers are overworked. If you want something like mayo or special sauce with your fry's, ask for it way in advance, because nothing comes fast around here.With that being said, the flavored iced teas are yummy here. I favor the pomegranate, my husband likes the peach. The burgers are yuuuummmmm! Always cooked the way I like them (medium rare) and are really tasty. I like the avocado bacon burger ....bunless, wrapped in lettuce. It's like having a side salad :) The bonzai burger and chicken sandwiches are worth trying too.We never get appetizers here, we just ask for a couple of baskets of fries for the 4 of us. Holds us over until the burgers come. I always ask for the campfire sauce. No extra charge and oh so good.Sign up for their rewards card. There are always discounts and free appies....as well as a free birthday burger and buy 9 burgers get the 10th free. Burgers can add up fast with a  big family.So we keep coming back, not for the slow service, but for the fun atmosphere and great burgers.
5	My hubby and I got take out and everything was delicious! They also had it ready To go once we got there which was nice. Well done and way to redeem yourselves from the last visit!
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!  Waited 15 minutes for our server to get our drink order. Waited another 20 minutes for him to get our food order. Ran out of campfire sauce and drinks, asked our server for another round and more sauce...which we never received. We waited 30 minutes before saying something to the manager. He didn't even care that our server was not paying attention to our table or that our server missed every wave to get his attention nor did the manager offer to bring anything else out...he did comp our meal, but with a very poor attitude. "Oh you weren't happy? You can go ahead and go then, don't worry about the bill."
5	Strawberry lemonade is amazing! Real strawberries yumm and the Blue Ribbon burger is the best, with bottomless steak fries dipped in ranch the prices are so good my family of 7 goes at least 3-5 times a month.  I totally recommend this place!
4	I don't go to Red Robin very often, but for a chain restaurant it's pretty good.We sat in the bar for lunch. It wasn't too loud, the area was very clean and our server was very kind. We asked to get the bottomless fries ahead of our food so we could have something to munch on.The fries and our food came out promptly. I got a burger and the hubbs got the fish and chips. My burger was pretty big and I ate all of it... even though I probably shouldn't have because I was stuffed afterwards! The bun got a little soggy towards the end, but that probably attributes more to my slow eating. The fish and chips were much better than I expected them to be... I think I will actually get those next time!Red Robin! Yummmmmm
4	This is always a good place to go with family,  love the Royal hamburger and endless fries my daughter loves the mac and cheese
2	It's like a whole new place in here. I didn't realize it'd been that long since we were here last but the restaurant went through a remodel...it's really nice. It's almost a little too nice where I feel like it might not be casual enough to bring my kids too. There was a 30 min wait when we came at 630 on a Saturday, so not completely unexpected. What was unexpected was how long it took to get our appetizer..again 30 mins..it got a little worrisome with two hungry boys. Our server Dynelle was apologetic about the wait and even though we put the kids order in right away, it still took quite awhile. As for the food, I had the royal red robin and it was a royal mess! The taste of the burger was good but it completely fell apart after two bites and I ate it in pieces. We also had a bowl of chicken tortilla soup and there was hardly any chicken in it.I can handle long waits, taking a long time to fill our order, and the quality of the food but the one thing that really bothered me about our visit tonight was that the arrangement of the dining room made it so difficult for the servers to get through the aisle that twice they almost knocked into our daughter in the highchair on the end. The new big chairs for the long tables took up so much space in the aisle that the servers had a  such a hard time navigating around them when they carrying the big trays. I'm kinda remembering now why we haven't been in recently... You just don't get the same service or quality of food you used to a few years back
5	I called ahead to inform the manager we would have a large party.  We brought our entire softball team and families here for lunch and they did a great job serving our group.  The servers were friendly and did their best to accommodate everyone.  We all had a fun time.  There are a lot of restaurants in the area and I wanted to choose a kid friendly place that had a large menu and Red Robin fit the bill. They even had softball and poker on TV which was a plus.  My fav is the turkey burger.  I like the fact they offer so many choices for sides not just french fries although their fries are excellent.  I also recommend the strawberry lemonade.
4	Stopped during the week for lunch. This was actually our second try. Stopped the week before on a Friday and the wait was too long for us to stay. This time we were seated within a few minutes.We ordered a burger with coleslaw and the Ensenada Chicken. I had been looking forward to trying the Ensenada Chicken after seeing it on their website. It didn't disappoint! Everything came out hot and fresh. The chicken was tender, and the sauce flavorful!Our server was very nice. Stopped back several times to see how everything was and for drink refills.
4	I have had a good experience at this location. The manager is very attentive and quick to solve any issues that arise.
4	We've been to this location a couple of times now, and wen't again yesterday to meet some friends from my wife's work.  I will say that Red Robin in general puts out consistently good food with relative speed.  This location is no exception.This time I decided to try their new Colossus burger.  Sweet baby Jesus it was delicious!  Imagine a RR Cheeseburger with BBQ sauce and beef brisket on top--and not the crappy, overcooked brisket a lot of places try to feed you--real, good, juicy brisket, on a juicy burger.  It was most excellent!  Add on their standard amazing steak fries and you've got quite the delicious lunch or dinner.   Or second lunch.  Or second dinner......sorry--went Hobbit there thinking about it.  Needless to say it doesn't take a genious to figure out you shouldn't bother counting calories if you do this.In case you haven't heard, they are also offering BOTTOMLESS rootbeer floats now.  Soft serve ice cream with barq's rootbeer.  Bottomless, I say!  I'm yet to get through more than one with the meal, but it's worth the $4 price tag in my opinion.The only downside to this visit was our waitress was a bit moody, but for all I know she could have been having a bad day.  She was a little nicer around the time she was handing us the check.  I'll reserve judgment for now and give her the benefit of the doubt.
4	We were the first ones here at 11am, so we had no problem getting a table. We ordered and our food came quickly, go figure. I had the Whiskey River BBQ burger. It tasted great but fell apart after a few bites. The bun just didn't hold up. Red Robin has good food but nothing spectacular. A solid 4 star restaurant.
2	This visit was very unusual,  they were bust for a Friday but our server must have had way too many tables. I had to ask hostess for crayons and paper for my girls. Hamburgers were good but the waitress was nowhere to be found when my daughter wanted more mac and cheese.  I asked one gentleman for the bill and he was very polite and asked 8 everything was good. The restaurant industry is what it is and customers matter. If you want them to come back treat like you do.
5	Not only was this location super accommodating with our large family celebration of my daughter's birthday impromptu on a Sunday evening, but they made the whole process easy and so much fun! When I asked to see a nutritional menu for food allergies they handed me a computer to help me choose what to eat for dinner.  I was shocked! I love that they were able to assist in my being able to enjoy my daughter's birthday without needing to pick or scrape items off my dinner plate.  I cannot recommend this location enough.
3	First visit to a Red Robin. We were seated in the bar next to a booth of obnoxious and loud drunks. We moved ourselves to another. I ordered the bacon cheese burger. Meat and bun were excellent. The bacon was dry and cold. Overall the meal was good and we will be back. My wife ordered the prime rib sandwich. It was very good and a large portion. Fries were OK. Coleslaw was very good. Service was so-so. We kept having to get our servers attention. I would suggest asking for freshly cooked bacon and not be seated in the bar - unless you prefer being around those types. Wife ordered a mohito and it seemed to be missing some ingredients.
1	hey guess what nope havent been back!  that is all.
5	Great food and good place to take my 4 year old to. Their ranch dressing and burgers are GOOD!
2	Very disappointed that they forgot to bring the dip I ordered, it was a special one they have on the menu, when I pointed that out to the server, he just said they did not charge me for it, but he did not even apologize. Also the burger we ordered was supposed to have bacon and they forgot that too, the manager took off $1.50 from our bill. Definitely NOT coming back!
2	Man, I had such good memories of Red Robin and the food - now I don't really care to come back. We came for a quick, casual lunch on a Sunday. It was decently busy, but not packed. We were greeted by a young hostess with an attitude who just sat us at a high top in the bar right by the front door without asking if that was ok. I personally hate high tops as they can be uncomfortable for tall people. We went back to ask for a booth as we saw a few available, and she sighed and said that server needed some time before being sat again, we said we would gladly wait. Literally 5 seconds goes by and she grabs menus and told us to follow her. What just happened?She quickly sat us and sauntered herself and her ponytail back to her perch. Jeez. The server was nice enough but could have been a bit more attentive, but we knew she was busy. We ordered a chicken salad and a burger to split. We were really excited for the steak fries, like anyone right?! Not so much, our fries were the first thing we tried and they were cold and rubbery and as we used to call in the restaurant industry "DEAD". We asked for new ones, which we got but they almost seemed undercooked this time, but whatever. We ordered the burger medium, it was a little more on medium-well side which was okay but it was cold on the outside. We cut in half and ate it anyway, we weren't going to turn a quick lunch into a whole afternoon sending everything back. The salad was meh, nothing to take a picture of for the menu if you know what I mean. Some looked like' ABC' salad...probably due to being tossed in the dressing and sitting there awhile.We did, however, get numerous refills on our strawberry lemonade from our server which we probably shouldn't have. That drink is SO sweet and unnatural tasting that it made me crave refills on water instead. Anywho, I don't normally expect much from family-type-chains but Red Robin used to stand above many of those in my experiences. Seems they have remodeled and restyled quite bit but, well, you come here to eat not admire light fixtures. No thanks.
1	Service was awful. Husbands beer was in a dirty glass. Food took awhile to get to us and once we got it, it was disgusting. He ordered a patty melt and it was rock hard and dried out like it was sitting up on the counter under a heat lamp forever. Sent the sandwich back and got a side salad in instead.
