3	Five Guys opened on Mill today in the old Coffee Plantation location.  The place was bright, loud and busy. I was immediately impressed with how many people they had working; I counted 14 just behind the counter. They had classic rock playing so loud you could barely hear them call out order numbers and the people behind the counter were yelling and laughing. It's a pretty fun experience for lunch.I ordered the little bacon cheeseburger, cajun fries and regular drink. The burger was decent (not In and Out quality, but pretty good). I really liked that they let you load up on your choice of toppings (I got grilled onions, mushrooms, lettuce, tomato and pickles) they also had green peppers, jalapeno peppers, bbq and A1 sauce. I was a little disappointed with the price as $10.24 seemed a bit high. They didn't have shakes  which was a major let down. All in all it was pretty good, but not much better than Fat Burger which is just down the block on Mill. I'll be interested to see how they far in the long run.
4	First of all, any place that sells Cherry Coke out of the fountain gets an automatic 4 stars from me at the very least. I don't care if you don't like it, that's just how it is.I was really nervous about going to this place after the Smashburger disaster. The Smashburger disaster of course was when me and the rest of Tempe getting super excited that a supposedly legit burger place was coming to downtown Tempe, then I got there, and it was horrific. A patty and bun essentially served in a pool of grease, horribly over-seasoned fries, and a stomach ache that ruined my afternoon.Needless to say, I was a little hesitant to get my hopes up for a new over-hyped burger chain near my office.  That said, I was actually pleasantly surprised with Five Guys when I went there for lunch today. Yes, like a moron, I went there on their very first day open, always a dangerous move mind you, so of course it was slammed. However, the place was very well staffed and they handled the crowd no problem.Basically the deal is you get hamburgers, cheeseburgers, or bacon burgers, one or two patties, and a large selection of toppings, all which are free of charge. You also can either get Regular Fries or Cajun Style Fries.  The burger was juicy and flavorful. The Cherry Coke was as magical as you'd imagine, and the Cajun fries honestly kind of sucked. No real flavor to them and they were a little limp but boy did they give you a ton of them.  Luckily for them, I was still mesmerized by that heavenly Cherry Coke, but I digress...Five Guys is by no means gourmet or fine-dining, but it is a very welcome addition to my DT Tempe lunching routine.
4	Went there on opening day today for lunch as well.  I concur that it was slam-diggity but super well-staffed.  I was pleasantly surprised with how quickly we got in & out on opening day AND it was also the 1st day of the Tempe Festival of the (F)Arts, so it was extra crowded on Mill Ave today.I have to say I'm stoked there's a new lunch option within 2 minutes walk of my office.  Since the dirty Uno's closed on Halloween my walkable lunch options have been reduced to LaBoca (which I prefer/reserve for drinking  1/2 half off drinks), P. F Chang's & Chili's.....with an occasional jaunt to Z-Tejas or the Tavern on Mill (time permitting, natch).  One of my co-workers is from D.C. and has been wet over 5 guys opening for weeks.  Today we finally got to imbibe & partake of all that is 5 Guys.  The food was excellent. The service was fast & efficient for the crowds they served (so glad they were cognizant & well-prepared for things today -- a true surprise for Mill Ave restaurateurs who typically seem clueless to the community in which the run a business), and frankly I loved the food.  Basic, simple, no BS and plentiful portions.  I got a cheeseburger with ketchup, mayo, lettuce & tomato & was pleasantly surprised to find it was a delicious double pattty upon my return to work with my heavy sack o'goodness.  The fries are flat out phenomenal & today's beauties came from "ground apples" straight outta Shelly, Idaho.  I appreciate the localization of the carb offerings.  They're skin-on, hand-cut beautes fried in peanut oil (as all things there are cooked, apparently), and the fountain cherry Coke capped off my mid-day repas with classic American stylee & finesse.I went large with lunch (XL coke & XL fries) and my tab was in the $13 dollar range....which is not odd for Mill Ave & I didnt hafta tip, so awesome.  A co-worker went tiny-sized and got a single burger, small fries & a soda for under $10.  I'd definitely return again, but most likely when I'm having a stressful day, require a greazy lunch and should probably take a good walk after lunch.  I will return for fries and want to try the cheese fries and the hot dog selection.Everyone was super friendly and I applaud the franchisees for doing a bang-up job on staff training, preparedness and efficiency.
3	I'm with Jason C. on this one.  Given the price for the cheeseburger I bought, I was a little "Meh," about it.  It did taste pretty good; it was pretty bomb but it I've had cheaper and better.The fries, yeah, are pretty damn good too.  The decor is alright.  The line to get your food and the actual dining area is divided by sacks of potatoes.  Yes, it's tacky but I thought that was cool.Oh, and free peanuts.If you ride a bike, DO NOT use the bike rack right out in front.  Don't do it.  You see all that bird shit everywhere?  If you, for one minute, assume that you're not gonna get shit on, you are incorrect.  I was lazy so I chanced it.  Unlocking my bike to go home, BULL'S EYE.  I got poop right on my eyebrow.  Gross.This is a decent place.  It's worth trying out if you're in the area of if you're curious.  Three stars, I like it but I'm not crazy about it.
2	I love burgers. I've said it once, and ill say it again, my last meal on earth would absolutely be a burger. It will be juicy and meaty, the bun will be dry and toasty and there will be more pickles than you can count.. It will be accompanied by a mound of delicious french fries and a giant milkshake... Today at lunch, I was invited to try a new burger joint, which apparently everyone loves, and was told that my love affair with In&Out would be shattered.. Well, that was a lie. I got a cheese burger, fries and a cherry coke. The sheer fact that there is fountain cherry coke automatically merits a star. I liked the options I got for toppings, I chose mayo, pickles, sauteed mushrooms, lettuce and A-1..  I've got to admit, I was excited, really excited.. however, that excitement was quickly shattered when I got my meal.. I unwrapped the tin foil, hoping to find a delicious juicy cheeseburger, just for me.. yeah well, I found a burger, just for me, but it was WET. The entire bun was drenched.. THIS, ladies and gents, this disgusts me to no end. One of the words I hate most in the world is moist, and I also hate when things that are not supposed to be moist, are moist. Especially bread. BARF. The meat wasn't very flavorful either.. and they used portobello mushrooms, that were cold. I frowned. My lunch date frowned back. The fries were apparently from Shelly Idaho, I know this because they have a "Todays fries are from.." board.. they taste just like In&Outs, just thicker.. so basically it is imperative that you order them well done.The place is big, holds a lot of people and they are really well staffed, but the meal was just meh.. and for the two of us the total came out to be $22.00. TWENTY TWO DOLLARS for 2 cheeseburgers, fries and a drink.. for real?? Whatever, i know its inevitable that I will give this place another shot, mostly because I work next door, and Fat Burger doesn't do it for me.. But I was just really really sad with the whole experience. I don't eat burgers often, so when I do its a treat, and well, this was not a treat. *sigh*
3	I've been to Five Guys twice now, first on opening day when I got a small burger, fries and a drink for $10.  I thought the burger was very good.  I liked it better then In 'N Out just because of the toppings.  I like more of an exotic burger and Five Guys had plenty of toppings to choose from that made it just the way I like it.  The cajun fries were very good, but they give you way too many.  I'd rather see a smaller portion for less money.  Yesterday I went again and this time ordered a Cheese Hot Dog.  The hot dog was very good, Kosher, cut down the middle and grilled.  The cheese was a slice of American cheese which was better then the liquid crap most places use, but better yet would have been grated cheese.  I also got grilled onions, mushrooms, and jalepenos on top, but didn't get many toppings, maybe because of the limited space on a hot dog, but a little disappointing.Overall I think it's really good and I would have given it a high rating if it was a little cheaper and if they used grated cheese.  Everyone working there was very friendly and love the classic rock music they play.
4	Sooo, I went to Five Guys tonight for dinner.  I think I found my new burger place!  I got the bacon cheeseburger with the two patties with all of the toppings that are not by request only i.e. mayo, mustard, ketchup, pickles, lettuce, tomato, and grilled onion.  That burger was so juicy and flavorful!  I loved it!  The fries were fresh and plentiful and the cajun seasoning hit the spot!  I found it funny that there were so many people working behind the counter and there was only one girl working.  Sure, the place is a bit more pricey than in-n-out, but you get a lot more food as well.  The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was because when I have a good burger, I need a strawberry shake to go with, and they do not sell shakes!!!  That sort of let me down a little bit, but other than that, I had absolutely no complaints.  I will definitely be returning to Five Guys!
5	Jenny R and I popped in here this afternoon. I've walked by a few times and noticed the long lines and crowds inside. I had to see what the fuss was about.I'm very impressed. This is my new favorite burger spot. They have normal size burgers (i.e. huge) as well as mini versions. I got a mini because I'm watching my figure and it was the perfect size burger for me. The burger comes naked as a Jaybird. If you want something on it (and they have quite a list of toppings) you have to specify. The burger was one of the best I've ever had in my life. Perhaps it was the grilled onions and mushrooms. The cajun fries were smothered in spice and made my tongue sweat. I liked it! ("Small" must mean "enormous." Get a small and you can easily split it was a friend or two.)Five Guys wasn't any more pricey than any other burger spot around town. The mini burger and small cajun fries came to $6.50 ish. (No drink for me. I only drink water, and that's always free.)I'm only going here for burgers from now on. I'm very pleased to see this on Mill Ave.
2	Walking in to Five Guys, I was rather excited, and was looking forward to my experience. I have never been to a Five Guys before, so this was something new. My first reaction upon opening the doors was the music was blaring. Too loud, at least. The music was classic rock, which I don't mind. After walking up and reviewing the easily understood menu and waiting in line for a few minutes, someone took our order. The order taker seemed like she was having a long day, not seeming very interested in the customer. While taking the order, one could clearly see the kitchen. It seemed kind of like In-N-Out, but everyone was moving much slower. It was as if everyone was moving in slow motion.Much to my dismay, they did not offer Dr. Pepper, my favorite soft drink. I was surprised that they offered other lesser known drinks, but not Dr. Pepper? Come on. After waiting about 6 or 7 minutes, my food arrived in a bag. A bag? Really? I was planning on eating inside, not take out. Even McDonald's does better than that. Digging through the bag I first took out the fries, which were in a cup, and I took a bite. My first impression of the fries was they were nothing special, and too salty. I like salt on my fries as it adds flavor, but there was simply too much salt. As a result, in addition to the fact that the serving was quite large, I finished only about half of my fries.Now onto the burger. I paid about $10 for my meal, so I was thinking to myself that this better be the best burger I have ever tasted in a long time. Unwrapping the product in its tin foil wrapping, I noticed that the presentation of the burger was sub par. The burger did not look appetizing, at all. Almost disgusting, as a matter of fact. The cheese was dripping over the bun, and I couldn't even see all the ingredients on the burger. Taking my first bite, it didn't taste bad. A pretty classic American burger taste, I must say. It did taste rather close to Wendy's. Upon finishing my meal, I was not impressed. My stomach felt greasy, and I felt the need to go hike a mountain a couple times, which I did, as Tempe Butte is close by. I felt my stomach almost on the point of rejecting it, it was that greasy. Seriously. Overall, Five Guys is way to expensive, unbelievably greasy, and makes your stomach cringe. The atmosphere is nice though, thus the two stars. If you had to choose between Five Guys and In-N-Out, INO is the clear winner in every category.
4	I really want to give this place four stars. Greg would string me up by my toenails and make me repent for my burger sins if he knew I was reviewing his favorite place as just a three star burger joint. But I can't abide paying ten to twelve bucks for a fast food burger, fries and a drink. That's crazy cakes. Granted the burger is juicy perfection, grilled to order with as many custom toppings as your hardening arteries can handle. They have two in particular that get me salivating every time: grilled mushrooms and onions. That alone should warrant a fourth star, especially since they don't cost an extra couple bucks a pop like most places. But it's still a six freakin' dollar burger. If they hadn't plastered their walls with newspaper reviews exalting how cheap their eats were, I would probably be a bit more accommodating, but more than ten bucks for a fast foodie burger meal just ain't on.I do also like that they offer a mini version of their two patty big madre burger, for the wimps like me out there. Regardless, I would recommend keeping the foil around your burger and peeling it away like the burritos from Chipoodle. This will guarantee that all those slippery little grilled mushroom and onion tidbits stay in place, because they're seriously too good to get away. The french fries are also in the style that I like, freshly fried up with the bejeezus salted out of them. Ten billion times better than the fresh but somehow still super bland and lifeless matchsticks that In & Out serves. The Cajun style fries are just sprinkled with seasoned salt. A bit of a let down from what I was expecting but a nice change in pace since it's usually curly fries that get the seasoned salt treatment. Also if you're a limey barstard like me you can grab a bottle of malt vinegar from the side counter and use it to drown your fries. So good.I also dig on the free peanuts. I realize this is a polarizing issue considering the risk of nut allergies out there, but I like it. When I was a kid I used to judge the caliber of an establishment by whether or not I could throw peanut shells on the ground. Sadly, that has changed very little with the years because I still get a kick out of doing it. Alright. I've talked myself into it. It's getting an extra star. Damn your scrumptious fare, Five Guys. Your hypnotic grease has me entranced.
4	So since everyone is comparing this place to In-N-Out I will base my review on a comparison of the two.1. the atmosphere. Pretty similar to In-N-Out. It's got a classic burger joint kinda feel. Although it's very loud. Some coworkers and I went at lunch and we had a hard time hearing each other. It was very busy and the music was cranked. 2. the burger. Okay, so it is more expensive than In-N-Out but it's much bigger. I got the small and it was still a pretty thick patty plus you get all the toppings you want. I like that there are so many options so you can customize your burger. I got mine with cheese, lettuce, tomato and mayo. I thought the meat was flavorful, the veggies were fresh and the bun was fresh too.3. the fries. WAY better than In-N-Out. I've never really understood why people think the fries at In-N-Out are so great. Yeah, they're fresh but I think they are a little bland. Five Guys fries are also fresh but have a much better flavor. They are cut much bigger and the portion is huge! We each ordered our own fries (all of us were Five Guys virgins) and not one of us finished the order. One guy ordered a large and it was insane. The five of us probably could have shared a large. Or at least a large and a small. We threw away so many fries it was redonkulous. Overall, my group left Five Guys stuffed and satisfied. I think it's just as good as In-N-Out if not better because of their awesome fries.
4	A friend of mine had hyped this place up for the past week and so I was definitely excited to take it for a test drive. When we arrived, it was during lunch hours and the place was pretty busy, but we walked right up to the front and placed our order. I went with a bacon cheeseburger, and let me tell you, this thing was no joke! I asked for extra crispy bacon, mayo, and ketchup and everything was prepared as I had requested. Lots of flavor, two thick and  juicy patties, and enough grease to power an alternative fuel vehicle...quite tasty. Between three of us, we split a small order of Cajun fries and they were pretty decent. The thicker the cut of the fry, the soggier they were, but not bad. Our food was prepared quickly, and the service was good for being as busy as they were. As mentioned, this isn't the most cost effective meal if you're on a budget, but for the quality of the food I'm ok with that. Will definitely be back when I need a burger fix for lunch. Nice work, Five Guys.
4	Five Guys... What cannot be said about this place?  I stumbled upon it last October in Saratoga Springs, NY, where we decided to eat at Chipotle for lack of anything else recognizable.  I saw the Five Guys next door, and decided to try it out instead of having another bland Chipotle burrito.  Needless to say, when I ran into another Five Guys in Ithaca two days later, I knew I had to eat there for lunch.Since they opened here in the Valley a month or so ago, I've had to restrain myself.  If it weren't for the guaranteed heart attack that would occur were I to dine at Five Guys twice a day, I think I would probably do so.  I should point out that, before I ate at Five Guys, In-N-Out was my favorite fast food burger joint.  But the food at Five Guys is simply superior.  The burgers are tastier and have more options, and the fries are an order of magnitude better.  The only issue I have with this place is that the price is admittedly steep, but when you consider how much food you get, it's not too unreasonable.  If you stick to the Little Hamburger, which is still probably more filling than a normal fast food burger, you could probably get a meal for inside $8, but that meal will still be more substantial than a normal $6 fast food burger meal.  On the upside, however, the price might have the fortunate side effect of discouraging rowdy kids who could care less about the quality of their burger.
3	Five Guys offers a decent burger, but it's definitely overcooked--they brag about serving them well done and there's no argument here: that's what they are. But I much prefer the flavor of Smashburger's meat. Five Guys seemed rather devoid of meaningful seasoning, or if it was there, it was killed in the well-doneing. I also didn't really like that it comes out as two carelessly charred mini-patties, instead of one, nicely cooked and seasoned burger.As far as Mill-area burgers are concerned, I'm at the following:1.Smashburger  2. Chuckbox 3.  In N Out 4. Five Guys 5. FatburgerAnd Chuckbox and Smashburger are awfully close. I've been a HUGE fan of Chuckbox for forever, so many I like the newness of Smashburger, but damn is it tasty. I also prefer the Smashfries to Chuckbox's fries, but I think I prefer 5 Guys' fries to both of them.Finally, the price is obnoxious. You're not getting that much in the way of a burger for $11 (drink + fries + cheeseburger). You get a MOUNTAIN of fries, but I don't NEED that many fries. You also get to top it with just about anything, but I don't want to subsidize other people's toppings. Let me pay $2 less to get mine with lettuce, ketchup, and mayo.Overall a meh burger. Not great, but better than Fatburger, if I don't want to walk to College for great burgerness.Oh, as for atmosphere, it was like a club in there. I really don't need to be bombarded with music at lunch when I'm going to talk to someone. I hate shouting and the few times when the song would switch and the grill would quiet was like the eye of the storm. Turn that shit down.
3	This is the favorite burger of our Commander-in-Chief, so who am I as a lowly tax-paying foot soldier to question the restaurant? As the fattest nation on Earth, this burger must shine as a golden example to the reason. The cheeseburger that I ordered could have easily fed a Somalian village and walking back to the light rail I am sure my already high blood pressure shot several points higher. I pray I finish this review before I succumb...I wouldn't recommend ordering the burger with tomatoes. Not that they were bad, but they create a sliding factor that detracts from the dining experience. There are two options - wear half of the burger on your shirt or wolf it down in an attempt not to wear said burger and as a result fail to be able to enjoy the dining experience.  The price of the meal is a little higher than most, but so are the portions. As I described, the burger is enormous, and I ordered a regular size fry. The fries are served in a paper cup and more fries dumped in the sack. Really it was overkill because by the time I engulfed the burger, I really didn't want any fries - but this is a review about the whole meal so for you, dear reader, I pushed on ever so slightly. The fries are good - Cajun flavor and spicy. Good - yes. "The best" as the advertisements proclaim? I wouldn't say so. In comparing Five Guys to another recently opened gourmet burger joint, SmashBurger's rosemary fries are far superior. Five Guys outranks SmashBurger In terms of dining room size and available seating. Plenty of place to sit and attempt not to wear the burger. One thing I found as a huge distraction was the music. I don't want to sound like an old man, but turn that damn thing down! The radio was so loud it wasn't a pleasant experience. When you are trying to inhale a large cow cooked in 100% peanut oil, talking to your dining companion leaves limited opportunities. Say a few words and dive back in. What makes it annoying and difficult is that when you masterfully pull off this move, the partner continually says "huh?". Overall the burger was good and tasted grilled from the backyard. I know this will lose me points for being a fat guy and probably further lower my man-card status, but I don't think there needs to be two patties - one would suffice. The fries are too much too. I couldn't even finish the overflow in the bag, let alone touch the ones in the actual cup. For $11 for a burger, fries and drink ($5.59 burger, $2.59 regular Cajun fries, $2.19 large Cherry Coke)I felt like I wasted the fries and was so uncomfortable after gorging on the burger that I didn't enjoy the experience. Dare I say a smaller version of the meal would probably be a good opportunity for a future menu option.
4	I have been to Five guys in 3 different states now and I still love it. I am originally from so cal and I grew up on in and out. I only tried 5 guys because Obama went...and I ended up falling in love it. Their burgers have a lot more flavor and are just great. I actually prefer in and outs fries though. Anyways, I will keep coming here.
2	First, this place reeks of being a national-chain-franchise-type restaurant.  The staff is trying to be enthusiastic like they have been instructed, but it feels very fake.  Otherwise, the burgers are good.  As you have heard, the standard burger contains two patties, the smaller version has one.  The fresh-cut fries were excellent, maybe the best in Tempe.We may go back, but probably won't go out of our way.
5	I had been waiting with great anticipation for Five Guys to open when I first read the news last year.  Five guys is one of the few things I missed about living in Virginia; and my first meal there on the day they opened was totally worth the wait.  Some points to consider: They aren't cheap. They aren't fancy or foo-foo.  They only serve a few things.  But everything they serve is fantastic, and well worth the price.  For those complaining about the burger being too big, get the little version. For those complaining about it being unhealthy, go buy a salad elsewhere. For those complaining about it being expensive, consider the sheer volume of food you're getting for the money.  They don't nickel and dime you with extra toppings or add-ons, you pay one price and get anything you want, and enough to split between two people if you're not able to take it down yourself.These folks are spreading the dream, folks.
3	After reading many reviews for places to eat in Tempe, I decided I wanted a burger. Chose Five Guys because of a friend of a friend  raving over it. Walked in and read the 30 signs they had all around the place then finally made my way to order. I ordered a cheeseburger with onion, lettuce, and mustard. My partner ordered a bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato, grilled onion, ketchup,and mustard. We each had a drink and shared a small Cajun fry.We asked the cashier how big each patty was and he said 3.3 to 3.5oz's. Food was quick. Fries were small but plentiful, actually, we only ate the the extras at the bottom of the bag. The cup was still full. Anyways I started on my burger and found it to be okay. It was good but that's it. The burger was juicy but not flavorful, I am glad that I added the cheese which made it a little better. I really didn't like the seasoned fries, they were better when I dipped them in hot sauce.My partners burger was of course messy but the bacon was good, crunchy and had a smokey flavor. It was good, definitely better than mine but nothing I would crave. Overall, I wasn't blown especially being on Mill, closing at 7 and being overpriced.
2	So I was pretty excited about this burger joint opening since it's President Obama's favorite... The burger was good. Not great, not bland, just okay. My biggest hang up with this restaurant are the prices! Skip the beverage... it's very over priced. I was also not impressed with the fries- regular or cajun. They were pretty average as well. Stick with the burger and skip the rest is my suggestion to you.
2	Five Guys is great for those days when you want to spend $12 on a glorified fast-food hamburger. The meat comes in a wafer-thin patty, and doesn't really taste like anything, just like at Wendy's. The bun tastes mass-produced. I also don't especially care for their fries, although this is a matter of taste more than anything. I'm not generally one for mushy, thick, "natural" fries of the sort served here. I can't help but wonder if people rate this place purely on the quantity of food that you get. The normal size for the burger is a double-patty, and the fries come overflowing from a 12 oz. drink cup. I would rank the burger places around mill as:1) Smashburger, for their delicious Arizona burger, and the awesome smash fries2) Chuckbox, for delicious char-grilled meat that actually tastes like meat3) In-n-out, for great-tasting meat and some of my favorite fries4) Five Guys,5) Fatburger, seriously why the fuck does anyone eat at Fatburger?
2	After hearing that this place was not only the talk of the town but also our esteemed President's favorite, I figured I'd give it a try.  Sadly, I'm not impressed.There was nothing wrong with my dinner, but I expect a burger and fries costing $11+ to be more than just ok.  In the end though, Five Guys tastes like a neighborhood cookout.  The burger was fine--nothing unexpected, and the fries tasted homemade.  They seem to be going for a less-is-more motif in the store.  Unfortunately, it just comes off as cold and cheap--In-N-Out does the clean 50s diner look a lot better, and Smashburger does the upscale burger menu better.It won't kill you, but you'll feel like you got overcharged.
4	I was first introduced to Five Guys by some friends down in Jacksonville, FL.  I then ran into it again at the DCA airport while delayed for a flight home once and it helped me to be less crotchity towards the gate agents.  Then I realized that these Five Guys were all around me as I suddenly ran into one on Walnut Street in Philly and then another out near Lester,PA.The one on Mill Ave that recently opened echoes the same simple goodness that the others do.  Good burgers and fries.  I actually like them a little more than In and Out Burger but that could be because of my east coast bias.  I think I like most that it is like a burger you or I could make and serve with nothing too fancy.  A little pricey, I still don't mind because of the meat quality.  Mounds of fries are a signature.  I give them 4 of 5 because I do think they could do a few bargain deals on the price.
3	Five Guys is pretty new on the scene on Mill and fits in very well with the college style and crowd that it will cater to.  This place is by no means a gourmet restaurant, but they put out decent food at a decent price.The inside is very well lit and very clean with white tiled walls with red highlights and free peanuts for snacking on.  Service is quick and friendly with food being made as it is ordered.My burger was well cooked, but not dry and overdone; well prepared and still juicy.  The toppings are very fresh and can be picked to suit with a large variety.  Being able to just pick and choose your toppings to your heart's desire is kind of a neat aspect of this place and gives the customer the ability to customize their burger.  The fries were the weakest part of the meal since they were a bit on the soggy side and left room for improvement.  I did like the choice of regular fries or cajun, which gave the fries a bit more flavor and taste and actually bumped up fries a bit.  However, I really like my fries to be a bit more crispy and less soggy/limp.
4	I'll admit that I hadn't heard of 5guys before Obama hailed them as his favorite burger. Nonetheless, I was impressed. Great location, plenty of seating and an efficient process. I ordered the "little" burger and let me assure you, this is plenty big! A really good size burger with your choice of toppings. I got all the standards, minus the onions. Shared a regular fries with a coworker and there were still left overs. Really enough fries for three ppl. I really enjoyed my meal here, and they get kudos for great drink selections (sprite zero anyone?!?) Oh, and they have all you can eat free peanuts too!
3	I grew up in Kentucky and had never heard of five guys.  All my friends here were soooo excited when they saw the "coming soon" sign on mill ave. So, as a serious burger lover, i got my hopes up and couldnt wait to check it out.Sorry to say, i wasnt impressed.  I realize its a chain and those are always a let down but the hype that preceeded my visit definately killed it for me.  For what it is,  the prices are pretty outrageous, the wait is pretty long, and the employees were pretty much a-holes.  I think it came out to about 11 bucks for a burger, fries and drink.  And no the peanuts did not cushion the blow.  For the money Id take Chuckbox over here any day.
4	After friends from mainland have been telling me this is better than In-N-Out , I got an opportunity to try during my layover in Phoenix.  I do like better than In-N-Out now.  Cajun fries are good also.
4	Went here on vacation. This place is really good. Huge burgers. My only problem with 5 guys is the price of the burgers. A bacon burger is 5.60. That is with no fries or a drink. The fries cost 2 something and they give you a ton. You could share the fries among three friends. Five guys has around 20 different toppings for your burger. Great clean place. This location also has outdoor seating.
2	I had heard about the growth of this chain and wondered what they're doing different; now I can say been there, done that.  Not overly impressed, over priced, greasy food and the burger was just ok.  Higher quality of meats but not for the price.  The fries were horribly greasy and ended up throwing those out.  I took my nephews and they wouldn't  eat the fries either and they ate their hot dog and hamburger without feed back good or bad.  Don't need to go back to this location or any other for that matter..  Limited menu: missing the wow factor.
4	As far as burger joints go, this place is definitely a favourite. They don't have a unique sauce like In-n-Out, but their burgers feel hand-formed, and the meat is of top-notch quality. Definitely try their fries.
4	very good Burger and fries. Burgers and fries made to order. they give you alotta fries! but its about 10-12 buck to get burger fries and drink. way better than any fast food burger including in and out. good stuff a must stop if you like burgers and fries! and its on mill so no free or easy parking on weekdays
4	I'm not sure who the 5 guys are, nor do I care, but on my way to the airport we dropped in for a quick (10 minute) bite before hitting the jet stream.Damn, didn't we just eat In N Out like 3 hours ago? Yeah, but they serve Hot Dogs here. Yea! Okay, so I wasn't helping my diet any, but hey, I'm on vacation. No, not really, but whatever.One hot dog please! What would you like on it? BACON! and?... Wow, tons to choose from!!! I'll have onions, mustard and JALAPENOS!My friends ordered a burger and a grilled cheese and I sat back and watched as the "guys" made all our food from scratch.Everything was tasty and the fries were IMHO perfect. The price was good, the portions good, the staff were good and the place was clean.Yup, I'd do it again
4	Below is a general review of the two AZ locations I have been to, and at the bottom will be notes specific to this location...This place definitely is not for everyone.  If you like Mickey-D's or In n Out then you probably should just keep on walking.  But if you like a burger that was made when you order it or fries that are real potatoes and don't taste like the cup they came in then this place could be a great option.They are a little pricier than your average quick service joint, but its worth it.  The portions are HUGE, even if you order the "regular" fries and the "little" burger they are still BIG.  They don't charge per topping beyond the norm like Smashburger, and they have tons of toppings to choose from.  Would love to see a fried egg option, but other than that the majority of burger loving taste buds will find topping options that please them.  They have some non-burger choices as well, which is nice.  Hot dogs, grilled cheese (which people keep saying is a must try) and a veggie sandwich.Eating here is a 5 napkin type experience, a lil messy, a lil crazy, but oh so yummy!  Hint: if you are transporting 5 guys in your car, definitely put something between the bag and your (clothes, passenger seat, floor mat, etc..)  the grease WILL leak through the bag.I agree with a below post that the placement of peanut snacking boxes are a little awkward  (and frankly I don't get why they exist at all, but whatever)TEMPE Location Specific:  Could have just been the day I was here, but their Mr. Pibb tastes better than most places... who knows, perhaps they clean the machine well!  Parking is a bit of a challenge, it is on mill ave so it is meter parking and limited meter parking.  Mostly parallel, but next to American Apparel there are some standard metered spots as well.  Regardless, make sure you have change if you will be parking to go to grab your burger!
2	Eh- it was just ok. I was told about the must-have Cajun fries, and they were just ok. Not spicy at all and appeared to be just like Cajun season salt sprinkled on regular fries. The fries were Kinda soggy and very greasy. Burger was ok. Tasted fresh, but I didn't know a "regular" burger was 2 patties. Yuck. Sadly- my favorite thing about this place was the fact they had Mello Yello. Sweet. It's good enough to eat- but it's no where near the quality of Chuckbox which is right up the street. Shoot- fatburger a stones throw away is better. Its good enough to eat again if your friends wanna go, but its not a place that i'll be craving or want to search for parking to eat at.Oh well.
1	Small burger, Small fry, Small drink = $10Burger -- Tomato and Lettuce were fresh and good.  Bun "collapsed" and became that gooey fake white bread bun that you can see where your hand grabbed the burger.  The patty/cheese was fine, I guess...but I didn't get any real flavor from it.Fries -- They use "real" potatoes, but the fries are flavorless.  But at least they're greasy!Soda -- Kudos for a good selection, including two diet-caffeine-free choices, something I've never seen before!I'm not a fanboy of In-n-Out, but at least they know to charge a reasonable price for their food (which is much better than Five Guys).In summary...this place is the emperor with no clothes.  And they want you to know that lots of newspapers around the country think they're great...the reviews are all over the walls.  Perhaps they're trying to convince patrons that their tastebuds and pocketbook are lying...
4	My 5 guys experience was always on the East Coast (Maryland). I was excited that a location was coming just a few miles from me. I really enjoy the burgers and fries. I've held off long enough, but the time had finally to come to enjoy the 5 guys burger once again.I'm very shocked with all the sour reviews low scores. I think folks in AZ and out west are still getting to know 5 guys and haven't fully appreciated the goodness. Locally, I would only take a Lobby's burger over 5 guys. In/Out is close. Each their own.....5 guys is still a great burger. I will admit the burger was a bit below the taste that I had in Maryland. I think it may have been the bun.The fries tasted just the same, which I really enjoy. The fries are cut there and fresh. A regular fries can easily feed 2 people. Don't go for the larger size, you'll regret the cost and having so many extra fries.I enjoy the simple menu and you get to decide what toppings you want on your burger. There are several options to choose from.  The free peanuts is a nice touch to snack on before your meal is ready..I always enjoy a handful.With this location, the biggest issues were the floors were dirty and the music being played was VERY loud. I'm at a place to eat, not a rock show or club.My wife was super excited there was caffeine free diet coke in the fountain.
1	I am going to keep this short and not so sweet.First there wasn't 5 guys, there was 3 guys and a girl.  Ok my attempt at humor might have failed but so did this place in my book.I spent 15 dollars on 2 burgers and 1 regular fry, way to much if you ask me.  They screwed up my order, twice.The first time I ordered a bacon burger with cheese all the free toppings minus the mushrooms, they put mushrooms on.  I sent it back and also asked them to leave off the gross, processed slop that they were trying to pass off as cheese. Also the first burger was a sloppy, soggy mess from the moment I opened the foil that it was wrapped in.When I went back to the counter I went over my order, slowly, thinking it would be right.  Since everyone had already eaten I took it to go without checking it, another mistake on my part.  They left off the mushrooms this time but forgot the bacon.  You think they would have given my burger special attention since they screwed it up the first time, nope.I try to stay away from chain restaurants anyway, give my money to locally owned establishments, and this experience has solidified that notion.  I will stick with Lobby's thank you.
5	My 1st time here and it wasnt my last. The Cashier greeted me and was cheerful. Its way better than In And Out and Fat Burger. They dump the fries in a Bag and its enough fries for 2 people. The Beef tastes fresh and is juicy. The Cheese is thick but a lil runny on the ends. I enjoyed every bite of my burger. Only thing that they should add to the menu are Shakes and Onion Rings.
2	Ive only been here once, but it'll probably be my last. Nothing special about this place. I ordered a burger, fries and a coke and it cost me around $10. The food was good, but if im paying over 10 bucks for a burger combo i want a happy ending before i walk out the door. I would suggest trying it once and see if you fall in love with the place, but for me, its not worth the price. i would just as soon go to in n out.
2	My rating says all about this place.  I came here because I walk past it every time I walked on mill and heard mixed reviews about the place.  So I look in this place and think how it looks like the nock off version of In N Out, and I was right.So here I am all tired and hungry and I see this shabby looking burger in front of me.  I take a bite and said "this is the last time I come here when there is a fast food burger place, thats so much better, Ill go the extra .5 miles.Recommendation: If you are so hungry and cant think of anywhere else to go, keep thinking of somewhere besides this place.
2	This place is seriously over-rated.  The Zagat reviewers that called this one of the best burgers should be put into a rocket and shot into the sun.It would be alright if you were looking for a cheap fast food burger, but the price implies it's much more.  The bacon cheeseburger is $6, fries are $5, drinks over $2.  The burger is over-cooked and a bit on the dry side.  They use some kind of runny goo they call "cheese" but is pretty nasty both in flavor and consistency.  I do have to say the ingredients like tomato, lettuce, and onions were fresh.  The bread is fresh but ultra-generic grocery store quality.  Low on flavor and just boring.The fries are excellent, but for $5 they better be.  They are the thick soft style, so if you don't like that style, you won't like these.  I do like them and they were good, just not quite $5 good.  The burger disappointment really took the enjoyment out of the fries.You'd be doing just as well by ordering the higher-end burgers at a chain fast food restaurant.  Or go to Culver's or In-N-Out for a higher-quality burger.
2	My friend and I had an overnight layover in Phoenix while flying across the country. Luckily my friend has family in the area so we asked them to show us around and maybe try some good ol' Southwest grub. They all said we had to try Five Guys Burgers and Fries. So after making the trek over to Tempe we finally arrived. Meh... When we said Southwest grub we didn't have fast food in mind. Plus I've now heard there are Five Guys locations all over the place.Living in Southern California, amazing fast food burger joints isn't a new thing to me. After trying Five Guys I'll gladly stick to Tommy's or In N Out.
3	An alright burger joint with peanuts galore.  They use peanut oil for everything. I ordered a hamburger, reg Cajun fries, and reg drink, totaling at $10. Result, I got a burger with double hand made patties with onions mushrooms pickles etc sandwiched with a sesame seeded set of buns. Reminds me of well crafted homemade burger. It was good but for the price in and out burgers knocks five guys out of the competition. Delicious regardless and I'd eat again.
2	After a pleasant experience at Five Guys in North Scottsdale, I decided to swing by the Tempe location after work for some quick, greasy food. Parking: Might be ok if you live right there and can walk over, but it was a bit of a hassle to take a couple spins around the area to find a parking spot.Ordering: How does small bacon cheeseburger w/ everything on it turn into a plain cheeseburger with drink? Yeah, people make mistakes, but I like to think I'm eating a little healthy w/ some veggies tucked in between the buns. Fries: If there's any reason to go to Five Guys, it's for the fries. Now I don't know if this is standard practice, but the fry guy at North Scottsdale loaded up a small cup with fries, then placed the cup into a paper sack, then filled the paper sack with fries (which can only be described as awesome). However, this practice doesn't seem to carry over to Tempe. Quite disappointing, I'll be going to In-N-Out next time.
4	My girlfriend and I hit this place up during the Horror & Sci-Fi Film festival this weekend.  I ordered the bacon cheeseburger and she picked up a regular cheese burger with onions and mushrooms.  ..also grabbed a small fry.I gotta say the taste of these burgers are absolutely delicious.  Just juicy as can be.  The fries are great too, but I recommend getting the small.. plenty of food.I loved that all the condiments are free to put on the burger.  My only gripe is that they dont tell you how big the burgers are.  After getting our food, we both realized that we could have split one big burger or each have gotten a jr burger.  Loved the taste of this place and would most definitely go back here and chow down.
2	Finally got to try Five Guys! I don't know what the hype is all about but I thought it was okay. The burgers were okay but I've had far better burgers at plenty of other places. I got it with BBQ sauce and wish I had just chose plain ol mayo. The fries were alright. The cajun spice lacked flavor, though. You can taste the cajun seasoning but it was missing some salt or something. Dunking them in ketchup helped. I wish they had Ranch :) It's slightly pricy for what it is. $12 for a bacon cheeseburger, small fries and drink. I think $8-9 would be more like it.
3	In a world of fast-food burgers, for me, success trends toward simple.  Similar to In & Out, Five Guys has a mid-century, nostalgic feel.  It does not offer an expansive menu and there are no "secret" spreads like on In & Out burgers.  Instead, the Five Guys cheeseburger is probably best described as a backyard cheeseburger.  But sometimes, you don't want all the frills--you just want a good, basic burger.
4	Everything to say has already been said on here so I will just throw in my 2 cents.  My wife and I went here for lunch on Sunday afternoon.  We both had a burger and shared a regular regular fry.  First off, the fries are excellent and a regular one is enough for 4 people.  I would like to try the cajun ones in the future though just to see if they are any good.  The burger was very good as well.  I think they are a bit pricey for what you get but I'm still a fan.  I guess all those free toppings make up for the high cost of the burger a little bit.  Also, the patties are a bit thinner than I expected but were still pretty juicy and flavorful.Our whole experience was a positive one and the cashier was very friendly and helpful.As far as Mill Ave. is concerned, this is probably the best burger on the block because I really dislike FatBurger's burger.
4	I mean, it's good, but I wouldn't say that it is "all that!"The atmosphere is wonderful, prolly the reason I stayed with 4 stars instead of 3.  They employees are lively using fun voices to announce the pick-up numbers and are happy to assist with anything you may need.  The customer service aspect is top notch and they are happy to put all the fixings on your burgers for you.  Everything is a la carte so be prepared, it's on the pricey side.  I got a Bacon Cheeseburger and medium soda and it was $9.00.  Cajun fries are over-seasoned, but that's why I liked them so much.  The cajun seasoning was uber-delicious and so salty that it kept me going back for more. Also, they have Mello-Yellow...yeah, I know, AWESOME!!There are free peanuts, good food, and a fun atmosphere.  I went here with some friends after an ASU home game and enjoyed it.  Like I mentioned earlier, it's good, but it's not the best I've ever had.
2	eh.first of all, this place had been hyped up to me by a couple of people(hubby included) for several days. add that to the fact that parking on Mill's a b*tch, and you will realize why this was such a let-down for me.now, we'll begin with the pros:*free peanuts while you wait*delicious cajun fries*malt vinegar...that's about it.the burger was kind of dry and, I suspect, would have been about as good as, say, McDonalds, had I not added my plethora of toppings. the service took forever(and it was nearly empty in there), and their sh*t is EXPENSIVE.Lenny's, in Glendale, has them beat. hands down.
1	Well....I had been hearing about this joint for weeks.  So after spending New Years Eve on Mill Ave, the hubby and I were looking for more than the undesirable street fair food.  We walked on over to Five Guys.  The line was long; the place was packed! "MUST BE GOOD", we said to one anther.  $4 something for the Small Cheeseburger.  We each ordered a burger and shared an order of "their award winning fries" (sarcasm).  Thirteen dollars later and fifteen minutes, we received our food.  We rushed two blocks over to our hotel.  Now to make a long story short, save your calories, time, and money.  I have had a better burger from the Golden Arches, for a lot less money. Twelve dollars less.  Happy 2011!
2	My dining partner and I ended up here for lunch because our original destination was closed. After ordering, we dove into the unlimited free peanuts.. so far so good. However, once we got into the burger and fries, our experience began to go downhill. Maybe it's unfair, but I compare every burger I eat to In-N-Out. This cheeseburger just didn't measure up. It wasn't bad, but not great either. We also shared an order of the Cajun fries, which weren't anything special. The worst was right after we finished eating. My dining partner and I both had the feeling you get when you eat junk food that didn't even satisfy you, but instead leaves you feeling crappy.  Another thing- I spent $5 for a cup of water and a small cheeseburger. I could get a cheeseburger, fries and a small drink at In-N-Out for the same price. Needless to say, I will not be returning to Five Guys.
4	Freshly prepared burgers just the way you want it. Nice fresh cut french fries with some of the potato skin for flavor. Definitely go there with an appetite. More expensive than In n Out burger but worth it. Only down side is having to deal with parking on Mill.
3	I had tried Five Guys on one of the very first days I got to Tempe because my boyfriend had heard people rave about it so much. I didn't write a review of it then because I honestly forgot how what I thought about it. But now that I've tried it again, I remember how not memorable it was. Admittedly, the burgers are really good. They come with a huuge variety of dressing, sauces, vegetables, and other granishes, so you can have your burger any way you like it. The normal size burgers have 2 burger patties, so if you're like me and are just used to the real normal one-patty burger, opt for the "little" hamburger, even though it's really not little at all. The hamburger did taste really good and there's malt vinegar that adds to the glorious messiness of eating a burger, but really, I don't think it's any better than any other burger place - including In-n-Out. They have unlimited peanuts, but I'm meh about peanuts. Um...their fries are good, but again, not too special. I would go back, but I don't think I'd ever crave going back.
3	I just don't get this place....what do peanuts have to do with burgers and fries?  Besides the odd addition of peanuts, the menu is very basic like an In and Out Burger....but about 3 times the price!The menu doesn't say anywhere that the regular burger has 2 patties....which would be helpful when ordering for someone that isn't trying to practice for a food eating competition!  The burgers tasted good, but they weren't anything special that I would go back for.  Besides, two burgers and a side of fries was $20...there are much better burgers out there with comparable prices.
1	I have now tried the three new burger chains that have moved into the Tempe area.  Five Guys, Smashburger and Fatburger.  Five Guys was the worst of the three.  $11 for a burger, fries and drink!  The burger fell apart when I picked it up and didn't taste that good.  The fries had the most burnt pieces of fries in an order of fries I have ever had/seen.  (I worked in fast food in my youth and would never had given out this order of fries to a customer.)  The drink was colored water.  I went for ice tea at the self serve drink area and tried two different types of ice tea and both were like drinking water.  I should have expected that as a light on the ice tea machine was flashing and I saw employees look at it but just walk away.  Also, one of the two ice/soda machines had a sign taped on it advising customers to use the other machine.  (This location is pretty new and I saw an armoured car make a pickup while I was there.  Well at the prices they charge, no surprise at how much money they are taking in.  Perhaps Five Guys would like to take some of that money and fix the ice tea and the one ice/soda machine.)I didn't even go during the lunch or dinner rush, 2:00 p.m.!  Also, after I paid for my order, I selected a small table and left some napkins and a copy of a weekly newspaper that I planned to read while eating on the table.  I then went to get my colored water (ice tea) and went back to my table to wait for my order to be called.  When I returned to my table, my napkins and newspaper were gone!  Yes, I found the newspaper in the trash can by the table.  A couple of employees were cleaning tables in the area and had seen me put my stuff on the table and I even said "Excuse me." to them as I squeezed by them on the way to the ice tea machine.I didn't mention that the burger came with two patties, it doesn't state that and I would have gone with a one patty burger since that is what I thought I was ordering and it would have (and should have) been cheaper.Did I also mention the lettuce was pale (almost white) and the fries that weren't burnt weren't that great?Smashburger and Fatburger do burgers and fries better.
3	Like In-N-Out with peanuts everywhere. Only twice the price. But without the drive-thru or the paper hats.
1	The owners of this chain sure know how to hype up an average tasting burger. The food is not bad nor good, it is just average. Its food you can cook at home. The cheese is that cheap fake cheese, the meat sucks. The price is way too much. Im not a cheap guy, I like spending money on food if it is good, Five Guys simply is not that. Go to another burger place and save your money.
3	I'm not exactly sure why, but everyone I know RAVES about this place.It's good... I mean they are burgers and fries... nothing extremely special, though.Perhaps it was the time of night that my friend and I decided to visit.The staff were friendly and immediately greeted us when we walked through the door.The fries are gross due to the fact that they are literally swimming in grease, but the burger was pretty decent. I really like that the decor is kind of like a little diner. The peanuts threw me off a little bit, but that's cool, I guess. I will have to try it again another time.
4	Here is my story on Five guys. Fries bathed in a peanut oil bubble bath will always make me happy. It reminds me of sunshine and puppies and all things that are pure and good in life. Five guys uses peanut oil and I am all for that. I took the advice of a reviewer and got a little guy (with cheese and bacon) and It was more than plenty with the fries and drink.Peanuts while you wait. I was a bit amused by the text on the side of the box warning not to remove from the shop (on account of peanut allergies) Legal posturing for liability purposes always gets me...but good form.I like that all the toppings you want are included at no additional charge. LIke mushrooms and grilled onions and about a dozen other options. That in a way justifies the higher prices, because while yeah there is the lamo who just wants ketchup, most will take advatage of that shiz and pile it high...yeah, like I did.The coke fountain was seriously out of Star Trek The Next Generation.  I watched it... don't judge--if you got the reference you did too. I'm pretty sure Picard got his Earl Grey out of the same stinkin machine. Touch Screen. I push Coke. A dozen new icons come up. Would I like, Cherry Coke, Lime Coke, Lemon Coke, Orange Coke, Vanilla Coke? Just Coke thanks, I add my citrus the old fashioned way...from a piece of citrus. Bag was greasy, so I know I am going to like it. Yeah I did.  Go. You will feel a bit guilty, so eat a salad for dinner and run an extra mile. But do it.
2	I hit up 5 Guys once a year or so, basically to remind myself that it really isn't very good.  How do they get so much good press?  The fries are weak and there are actually too many of them, (how about charging less for a smaller serving?)...but the burger is the biggest shame.  I load it with almost all the toppings, but the whole thing is seriously lacking flavor.  In & Out is light years ahead...
5	i'd never heard of this place and we thought we'd give it a try.  i accidentally ordered a bacon buger (2 patties) with relish because i thought it came with all the default toppings, but it only came with relish.  when i took it back, the staff was nice but the owner/manager was visibly dickish about it.  the new burger i got ended up being a single patty and they said i could keep the old one.  so of course i combined and now had a triple decker.  and i pounded that bad boy.  it was awesome.  the cajun fries are also outstanding- very big fries.  i only wish this place had shakes.
4	Five Guys has one of my favorite fast food burgers in the Valley.  Their standard cheeseburger is 2/3 of a pound (HUGE!), very delicious, and well-priced.  This location, and probably others, has the high-tech soda fountain machine that lets you add flavors to your Coke like lime and vanilla - pretty cool.The only problem with this particular Five Guys is its location on Mill Avenue.  Metered parking nearby is hard to come by so, when you go here, you also have to factor in the walk from your car and the cost of parking.
3	If you like red meat, specially beef this is the joint that will give you the burger fix when you need it.My husband loves this as it is 15 minutes away from our place, parking is not a hassle on week days and the "burger is really good". His favorite is the Hamburger and the sweet potato fries. I think he loves the spicy fries more than the burger and is a happy  man when he is done devouring the giant burger.The soda machines are fun but I do not recommend drinking a lot of soda (for health reasons). It can be a good place to get your kids to enjy a family lunch while you are  on Mill avenue.
1	Today I had my 1st experience with 5 Guys and was hugely disappointed. I ordered my bacon cheeseburger (plus 5 toppings since they are all free) and fries and waited in anticipation of my delicious meal. Not only did I have to wait 30 minutes for my order to be ready for me to take with me to eat (since I ordered it to go) but when I had my 1st bite I realized that they only placed 2 toppings on the burger (forgot the other 3) and forgot the bacon that I paid extra for. To say the least I was hugely disappointed and went on to tell all my co-workers what a huge let down it was. I would have walked back and asked them to fix my order but since I didn't have another 30 minutes to wait for 5 Guys to attempt to make it correctly I tossed what I was given.I do not anticipate that I will ever eat at 5 guys again since I have another burger place (i.e. Fatburger) to choose from that can get my order right that is only a few steps further from my place of work. Thanks for ruining my lunch 5 Guys and for charging me extra for nothing!!!
4	Finally an able competitor to IN & OUT burger! The burgers are a good size and come with all the toppings you would ever want. Their sweet Potato fries are delicious and the portion is soo big that I can usually convince a friend to order them and then steal 1/2 of theirs :) Despite this place being busy during lunch, they usually have my order ready within 5-10 minutes. I still like IN & OUT burgers better but this place gives it a run for the money.
3	Well....if you're dying for a burger, I guess.  I'm not  usually dying for a burger.  I just wanted to try something new.  This one does come with the option of grilled onions along with other toppings, so that does make it better than fast food, just not that much better.  The fries rock. Something I just don't get about this place is the volume of the music.  Maybe they're trying to drowned out the sound of the kitchen, but it feels like the speakers are screaming the music down on me.  This is just another place where conversations are like a yelling competition with the other patrons and the music.  I added one extra star in my rating because of the Coke machine.  This thing is awesome.  It looks like a spaceship and has about 100 different combinations of drinks.
4	The pros definitely outweigh the cons, but let's start with the cons just because it's more fun.1. The scary tweakers RIGHT outside. Real entertaining to watch through the windows at first, but I noticed a lot of children in the restaurant staring out there, and heard one say she was scared; so that's no fun for anybody. But, because that has nothing to do with Five Guys as a company, only their scary surroundings, I didn't take away any stars for that. I just wanted to mention it because I'd want someone to mention it to me. :)2. I took away the star because there is something fundamentally wrong with the french fries. I know there's lots of mixed reviews in the commentary, but I can only speak for myself when I say that I did not enjoy them at all. Neither did my friend who joined me.But there's lots of pros!1. Super fast service. I think our food was ready in less than a couple minutes. 2. Lots of seating. Seating everywhere, I can't even imagine the place ever filling to capacity.3. The burgers really are the shizzle. I had a bacon cheeseburger, and it was quite delicious. I think the buns are "butter buns" and the burgers are made right there when you order them so they're super fresh.4. There's a pretty dope coke machine that distributes a plethora of teas, lemonades, sodas, you name it.Not much else to say... it's a burger joint. :)
2	I don't like this Five Guys. The hamburgers are insanely overcooked and was a tad on the chewy side.But my real gripe is that this place stands on the dust of the Coffee Plantation. A job that saw me through my twenties. Great memories. Reduced to chewy overcooked hamburger.I might forgive you for moving on Tempe. Maybe one day. I might even like the hockey puck texture on the over blasted meat at Five Guys. Maybe one day.Maybe one day.
4	Cajun fries with vinegar (dont judge me!!): GOOD!Burger with everything (including grilled mushrooms and onions) plus A-1 sauce: GOOD!Very nice staff: GREATHigh tech soda machines: AWESOME!People that compare to in & out: boo! Of course it's a bit more here...but I think it's worth it.. Or maybe I'm just not an In & Out fan, sorry.I guess I only review places I really really like. FYI the "little" burgers are a single patty while the regular burgers are double... I didn't know that but the guy at the counter offered this info.
3	Pretty good burgers. I typically only get the one patty but they have pretty good flavor and the buns are very good. Can't write much else on the burger cause it all depends on what you add to it. As for the beef, most of the time it was done right and flavorful, sometimes not so much. The fries are very good. Not super fantastical or anything but good. But since it's close and pretty good, when I need a burger I'll head down there unless something else comes up. Not bad for a fast food chain!
4	bomb burgers and fairly cheap
3	Their cheeseburgers are pretty tasty, and I just tried a hot dog the other day and it was actually really delicious! Their fries are good, I wish they had a smaller size considering I have to throw half of them away if I'm eating alone. It would also be nice if they didn't make every order to go, it's kind of a waste of paper...
4	Food is yummy!!!! I have never been to a 5 Guys, so I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered a burger, unaware that it is actually a double burger, which was HUGE! Hubby and I shared a large fry. We could have easily split a burger and a small fry. Love that fact that "everything" includes grilled mushrooms and onions. So much food. This location was messy. I am not sure of the peanuts are a great idea because there are shells and dust everywhere.
4	Good, fast service, and the place is always clean.  It's a little expensive for fast food though.
2	I don't see what the big deal is. When I went the soda machine was broken, and the food was bland. Didn't really think the fries were anything to care about. Very sub-par, and more over, just because they give you all you can eat, free peanuts, doesn't mean you should pay so much for a burger or hot dog. Not worth the money, not worth the trip in my opinion. Wouldn't return, wouldn't recommend.
4	I don't know why this place only has an average of three stars. It's clean, fast, friendly and so delicious. :)
2	For a place that's supposed to be all about great burgers, at least this location falls far short of the mark. I ordered a little bacon cheese burger and fries (as an aside, I find it annoying that they only offer one size of fries, not on an economic level - as the cost for the size they offer is reasonable, but on a wasteful level as sometimes I just want some dries and not a pound of fries).Needless to say, after a reasonable wait, I got my food and upon opening the wrapper, found the bun waterlogged and shriveled as if it had been made some time ago. I'm mot sure how this could be however, as I ordered a specific set of toppings which seemed to be present. Anyhow, with the first bite, the Burger self-destructed and left me with a burger-salad I was forced to eat like an animal. The ingredients, except the horrible bun which caused the whole problem, were good and fresh, and the fries - although too numerous, were great.I have been to another five guys location in the area and this was not my experience there. This location needs to fix a few things to get it right, and the average three stars I saw on their overview probably gets it about right. Maybe this sort of sloppy preparation works for a $10 lunch for a college kid, but for me it was unacceptable.
4	This is probably the best cheeseburger I've had since my childhood when my dad made burgers on the grill. I was impressed. They offer A-1 Sauce as a condiment. Genius.  Try their cajun fries, better than the original.
4	It's probably a good thing that I don't live closer to a Five Guys....I am in love with their fries!!  They are delicious!  I order the regular size and even it is too big.  Not only do they fill the cup, but then they also fill the brown bag that the cup of fries is poured into!This is the first place where I saw the cool soda machine that I've now seen in a few other places.  But I love that you can pick your own drinks from so many different flavors!  Although, I get cherry sprite every time!  Yum!!!Every time I have been here, there's always been good seating and everything has been clean.My only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that it's a bit overpriced.
2	I was not overly impressed with 5 guys.  We have only been to this place one time.  The guy who took our order was impatient and unfriendly when we asked questions about the menu.  My burger was extremely wet which caused the entire thing to fall apart making it impossible to eat.  I also don't understand why they tell you that you can have anything that you want on your burger, but give such skimpy amounts.  ONE mushroom on a burger does not count as a topping.  I agree that the fry order is strange.  It's fine for two people to share, but I can't imagine going solo for lunch and ordering such a massive amount of fries.  I don't get the whole peanuts-in-a-burger-joint thing.......peanuts and burgers?Prices are a bit on the higher side for such typical burgers.  Can't get out of there for under $10 person.  If the burgers were fantastic, I wouldn't mind the pricing, but they aren't that great.  Smashburger will continue to get my business over 5 Guys.
2	The burger was fine but the bun was really really soggy. It ruined the burger. If they can figure out a way to keep the bun fresh it would be great.
5	As good as it gets. Excellent food in a fun atmosphere.
2	Cliff Note's version:- Soggy fries- paper thin patty- overpriced- free peanuts (who really cares about this?)- average flavor- soggy fries- cool soda machine- short line because everyone already discovered this place is meh.A burger fries and drink are what, $10-12?  BUt I can go to In n Out and get superior fries, a superior burger, all while watching them smash potatoes while I wait in the drive thru all for $6?!?!?!  Please explain to me why this place exists again.    This is what you get with massive corporate food chains.  I expected nothing less.  I've tried it twice, won't even go back.  I encourage everyone to go here though, I don't need a longer line at places I enjoy! ;)
3	Okay burgers. Unlimited toppings for no extra charge.  Awesome fries. Cool soda machine.
4	Best burger around. The bacon is super crispy and they don't skimp. Would be a five star if it was faster during lunch but they're always busy
3	Little expensive for a burger and fries, but it is a quality meal. Cajun fries are good and its always fun to watch the people try to figure out the soda machines. Has some hot dogs for kids as well. Even though the say all topping are free, when you are paying 8.00 for just a burger they are not free.
4	Best burger on Mill
2	Soggy french fries, an okay burger and that's about it. Oh, and it will cost about 10 bucks.
1	From the stale peanuts at the beginning of the line where it starts. Then for $13 bucks, forget it. I can eat for same price for two people and be IN and OUT burger
3	This visit was my first to 5 Guys and it was pretty okay. I have heard the In n Out/5 Guys comparisons and I am on team InO but I always welcome a competing burger. Ordering was pretty simple. I had a little bacon cheeseburger with some basic toppings and cajun style fries. It took a little while for our food to come out, which was a sign of them making it fresh as you can see into the kitchen. The fries were okay (I did enjoy the cajun option), the burger was okay - neither blew me away, especially for the price, but I wouldn't object to coming back.
4	Great Burger!! comparable to In-n-Out. the fries are fresh and very tasty. A small order of fries was good enough for two people.
5	First time there and all I can say is that it was gooooood...The only downside was that they were smaller than i expected, but good nonetheless...I liked the free peanuts as appetizers while waiting for the burgers...
4	Great burger and fries--hot and flavorful, good toppings. Not exactly Michelin star quality but a great burger joint, which it aims to be. Friendly and efficient service.
3	This was my second time here, the first time I had it, the cheeseburger was sooooo good, but this time it wasn't so great.
4	I love five guys. I eat at the Las Vegas locations 1-2 times a week.  I was excited to find a Five Guys on Mill.If you are looking for just a plain, simple burger and none of the fancy extras that high end burger joints offer, this is the spot.  A great tasting meat burger, no special or creative toppings to make the burger. I couldn't give it five stars overall, even though the burger was great.  My two knocks are; the store was dirty. I'm not referring to all the peanut shells on the floor (you can grab peanuts and eat them while you wait for your burger to be cooked). But almost all the tables were dirty. I actually had to clean my own table.  And the employee atmosphere was dead. The Las Vegas locations are rowdy and upbeat, full of energy the second you walk in. They greet you, they give orders  amongst themselves that is loud but upbeat.  That was missing from here at Mill Ave.But don't let the small stuff that can be corrected overnight stop you from eating here.  What can't be fixed is their great tasting burger.  Add a milkshake machine and this joint will give In N Out a run for its money!  Plain and simple, Five Guys is a must try!
1	I'd like to echo the comments by Scott P below. with one update...Small burger, Small fry, Small drink now = $14
