4	First, this place is light-years ahead of either location of Crepes Parisiennes.  Managed to make it here this past Saturday for dinner.  The wait was rather long, but I would say worth it.  The savory crepe filled with ham, Swiss cheese, mushrooms, a fried egg, and tomatoes was excellent.  You get either soup or salad with it, and I opted for the ham and corn soup which was good.  I did not get to try any of the sweet crepes, but I saw people just coming in for desert.  They do have daily specials in addition to the crepes, but they were all sold-out by the time I arrived.I highly recommend giving this place a try.
2	We went here Friday night and had fairly high expectations for Paris 66. I was looking forward to a decent crepe!  We were immediately greeted by one of the owners in the cramped entry. She advised that our wait would be approximately 30 minutes, although she mentioned that she hadn't been in the back for awhile and didn't know what was going on back there. She did take our phone number and said she would called us. Great! We wandered around nearby businesses. Fine. We went back 30 minutes later, being very optimistic. When we arrived, we saw that our position on their notepad, (yes, they have a very sophisticated way of tracking their wait list), had not changed. So, either no one had come in since we were last there, or they had been seating customers as they came in. We were told by a different host that our wait would be just 30 minutes. When we explained that we were told that 30 minutes ago, she became flustered and said we would be seated as soon as possible. So, this time, we decided to wait in the cramped entry next to the glass display case looking at yummy food. Now let me say, they have made great use of the space in these very confined quarters. The kitchen is right inside the front door, (you can see crepes being made outside thru the front window), the chef and cooks are bursting with energy, working at a hectic pace to prepare the orders. They are warm and friendly and greet all the customer. A cash register is also located here, along with the dessert case. Tables are small and packed close together. Walls have a weathered finish, the lighting thru out is ambient, the fixtures are beautiful, all the walls are covered with old fashioned posters, post cards are under glass on the tables. Very nice. The exterior and interior finishes are very, very nice. We were offered a dining room table or a table on the patio. We happily took the patio, the fresh air was very nice after waiting by the kitchen. Not a lot to look at outside, but it's very relaxing there. We got a nice table in the corner next to large pot of flowers. Service was sub par. Our server waffled between her fake accent and Yinzer girl. Okay. We were not offered a beverage. She wasn't well rehearsed on the menu, except to say "we are out of that" twice. We also noticed that she struggled to open the wine of customers that BYOB'ed. Another thing that seemed odd was, mid way thru our dinner, one of the owners came busting out the back door with a table. She placed it in the middle of the patio, a server came out with a high chair, they moved it around a couple times and then customers came outside packing their own meals and then stood around and then decided to find their own chairs. Kinda strange. I ordered La St Germain, a buckwheat crepe with ham & swiss served with a small side salad. I thought it was a bit tough and dry and couldn't eat more than 1/2 of it. Also, it was contained very little ham or swiss, however the salad was nice. BJ had Paris-Brest, a salad served with scallops, shrimp, mussels and pesto. The scallops, (only 2) were well prepared, the shrimp (4) were tiny but well seasoned and the mussels (4) were over cooked and very tough. It was supposed to be served with bread, but none found it's way to our table. BJ also had the carrot & vanilla soup, which was nice. I so wanted a crepe for dessert, but after the savory crepe, I was afraid to try one of the sweets. Instead, we shared an apple tart. It was perfect, served with a bit of creme anglaise. The crust was very flaky, the apples were perfect. Our server gave us spoons to eat the tart, so that was a struggle. I'm sure Paris 66 will do well in Pittsburgh and I wish them well. However, I was not at all impressed with our experience.
4	Four of us arrived and were seated immediately, choice of inside or out.Server immediately appeared with water and then disapeared for an over-long period. However, when he arrived he was charming and pleasant (though a French restaurant would not say something is served "with au jus" anymore than they'd think that "a la mode" means with ice cream - sloppy, when it's owned and run by genuine French)The atmosphere reminded us of genuine French bistros, as did the food. Servings are smaller than American, so instead of being overfaced and given a doggy bag, we were able to indulge in desserts as well as starters and mains. The French onion soup was OK, salads nice and fresh - but all were served at the same time, as well as mains. By the time the guys had eaten the soups and the salads (girls only had one) the mains were cooling. Crepes and piisaladiere were good - no problem with leeks as mentioned elsewhere. The creme brulee was exactly as you'd expect but the Paris 66 crepe - similar to a crepe Suzanne - should have been impressively flambeed. The evening was still light, there was a slight breeze outside and the Grand Marnier hadn't been warmed, so it wasn't properly flambeed. However, we all four have eaten often in France and felt this was a nice authentic little bistro, and felt very welcome.We will be back there soon.
4	Paris 66.  Right when you walk in you'll hear the chefs shouting out for ingredients in strong French accents.  It's amazing.On my first trip to Paris 66 I tried their Beef Bourguignon and it was pretty good.  I also tried their Quiche Lorraine and their French Pizza.  The quiche makes me happy.  Like so happy.  Finding a quiche place in Pittsburgh.  Om nom nom nom.  The pizza was eh; I'd never order it again.On my second trip I decided to get their savory Paris 66 crepe (mushrooms, tomatoes, ham, and an over easy egg.  For a choice of soup or salad, I got their soup which was a cream base with cauliflower puree and a dash of paprika.  It was surprisingly hearty and I barely finished my crepe (my eating companion helped me out).  The crepes are definitely worth getting, but don't set your expectations too high b/c it's not like the ultimate crepe that exists.I absolutely LOVE the decor.  When you're sitting inside you would never imagine that you're in Pittsburgh.  The outdoor seating is peaceful but there's not much to look The last time I was there, we saw some prepped salads about to be sent to tables and they looked gorgeous.  I definitely want to try one next time.
1	Very disappointed after hearing about this place from friends and seeing the online reviews.  My wife's entree was wrong -- TWICE.  First, the wrong main dish was delivered, and the correct entree arrived with soup not salad.  To make matters worse, the quiche crust was doughy across the entire bottom, and the "ham" was VERY fatty bacon.  The response from the waiter?  A shrugged sorry and "do you want a side salad?"  When the hostess came by, she, too, shrugged a "sorry" and grinned a bit sheepishly.  I finally asked for the manager.  When she arrived, she thanked us for the feedback and offered a free dessert.I wasn't asking to have my butt kissed or get free food, but in any PROFESSIONAL restaurant, the server would have immediately offered to take the quiche off the bill.   Very poor service.I had the monkfish.  Never had it before.  The server said that is was "light and flaky."  Mine was dense and rubbery.  There are too many other good restaurants in Pittsburgh for me to bother with this place again.  Ugh.  Oh, and the french greetings and exclamations -- "C'est magnifique?" -- are a bit much.  The affectations were annoying.  Just give me good, friendly and honest service.
4	This is a great new addition to the blossoming food scene of E. Liberty.  I was a bit tentative at first after having been very excited to try this place out, based on a couple mixed reviews on this site as well as some other input from family.  I can only speak to my experience and it was close to perfect.  Annie and I had lunch here today on a cool summer/fall day.  This place is very "yelpy" (refer to my penn ave. fish company review for a definition).  The space itself is pretty close to perfect.  It's located a few storefronts down from kelly's and when you walk in you are very much transported to a french bistro.  You are greeted warmly by the chef or should I say "Master Crepe Chef" (actually a title) who is behind the small cooking area to the right.  The colors are very warm and the detail is impressive down to the french clocks and pictures on the walls.  The space seats probably about 30+ inside and there is a wonderful little deck in the back with four to five tables and a small garden.  One of the other details I appreciate is that each table has its own pitcher of water (just like in France).  They sell pastry in the front on your way in or out.  The hostess was very friendly and the staff was top notch from start to finish even though we got there close to closinf time.  In fact, I was very impressed with how pleasant everyone was given the fact that they were closing for lunch.  THe chef is from france and just about everyone who works there speaks french as well.  The owner Fred Rongier is also 100% French (Btw, Fred also sold me my car and it was the only time in my life that I actually felt good after buying a car).  I see he applies the same service attitude to this place.  Another thing which  I really like about this place is that it is the only French restaurant that I'm aware of around Pittsburgh that is inexpensive.  This is a crepe restaurant, however they do serve a feature each evening that is more of an entree' type selection and once a month they do a gourmet dinner that is reservation only.  Okay, onto the food.  I ordered a delicious "Le St. Germain", which is a ham and swiss cheese buckwheat crepe.  I also added an egg.  The crepe was thin and even and very tasty.  The cheese was generous and the ham was a very good quality and tasty.  My only small complaint is that it would have been better if the egg was runny and not fried.  It was served with a cup of soup.  I had the pea soup which had a very layered and complex taste, perfectly seasoned with a ton of peas and not overwhelming with the cream.  The only small issue is that it could have been served a little hotter.  Annie ordered one of the best sandwiches I can recall eating maybe ever.  It was the "croque monsier" which again is basically a ham and cheese sandwich, but it was overflowing with delicious swiss cheese and crispy bread perfectly warm and with cheese on the outside that was a bit crispy (burnt in a good way). She also had the french onion soup which actually isn't that french at all and you'd have a hard time finding "french onion" soup in France.  However, this was top notch french onion soup served in a small crock with a lot of cheese (again burnt in a good way) and a rich, deep onion broth.  We both finished with a nice light Versailles Crepe served simply with butter and a little sugar.  THe perfect dessert.  A couple other small points... I had a delicious cafe au' lait.  This is a true espresso bar.  THe server was very pleasant and professional throughout.   I look forwarded to coming back again and I think this may become a regular stop for me and Annie.
3	Sigh...I hate writing negative reviews...I really do.  But our experience yesterday was far from what I was hoping or expecting.  After waiting about 45 mins for a table for 4 people for Sunday Brunch (which is about the norm) we were seated outside on the patio on a beautiful sunny day.  Alot of the reviews speak of people greeting you, maybe even in French, as you enter the building.  Well none of this happened to us.  Which is fine, just don't say that it happens if there are no intentions of doing so.Anyway, our waiter comes over and greets us.  Upon placing our drink orders we are given 2 cups that have food and lipstick on them.  He apologizes, brings a new coffee cup, as well as picks up a container of milk from another table and gives it to us to use.  Well needless to say the milk is curdled from the sun so we had to send another cup of coffee back.  Our food comes.  I ordered soup but was given salad.  My friend ordered a vegetarian crepe; it was served with ham.  My other friend ordered a side of mustard and none was given.  The crepe was sent back, my soup was brought out this time...without a spoon.  LOL.  It was just one of those days where if it could go wrong, it did go wrong.The waiter was obviously overworked.  Each time someone new was set in his area he would roll his eyes and groan in disgust...loud enough for everyone to hear.  Very unprofessional.  The bill was dropped off, but after waiting 20 minutes for his return, we decided to just leave the money and go...not even a goodbye was given from anyone in this restaurant.  If this is Paris I have no desire to go back again.The food was delicious but certainly not worth the hassle.
3	My boyfriend and I went to Paris 66 this past weekend in an attempt to branch out from our usual walkable dinner fare.  The place is bigger than it appears from the outside and we were seated promptly (they don't accept reservations so we were concerned about having to wait).  The staff was very friendly although I found their intermittent use of French buzz-words a little heavy handed.We decided to split a hummus appetizer, served with chips.  It was quite good, and the portion was big enough to necessitate a chip refill.  For our entrees, I opted for the Versailles crepe while my boyfriend chose a savory crepe (I don't recall the name but it had mozzarella, basil, and tomato in it).  He was pretty disappointed with his.  I tried a bite and agreed: with those ingredients I expected something light and refreshing but it all tasted very heavy.  The cheese didn't seem to be of very good quality and even the crepe itself tasted kind of dull and dense.  My crepe on the other hand was awesome; it had just a bit of butter and sugar on top and was sweet, but not too sweet -- just what I was craving.  We both also had soup with our meals, boyfriend had the soup of the day which was cauliflower and chevre (not bad, but cauliflower's not really my thing) and I had the onion soup (quite tasty).From our experiences, it seems like Paris 66 can be pretty hit or miss.  However, even though my meal was consistently enjoyable, after eating every bit of it I still didn't feel all that full.  I have a notoriously small appetite, so this is really saying something.  I'd probably go back, but next time it would be for brunch or dessert, not a major meal.
4	Great salads, though a bit overpriced.  Only one real entree offered the night I was there; the rest were crepes, pizzas, salads, etc.  Service was not terrific, but the atmosphere was a happy one.  The dessert (berry crumble) was the best I've ever eaten.
2	Really?  Putting a French facade on mediocre, overpriced food doesn't make it good.  I had a small piece of very dry quiche that was $10-12.  Dessert crepe was okay but overpriced, and service was pretty average.  The smattering of token French phrases from the cooks and wait staff comes across as a little too "theme restaurant", too - made me feel like I was in an upscale version of Whistlin' Willy's Pizza Gulch from South Park.
4	My fiance and I went for a quick lunch on a Saturday afternoon. We had a very pleasant experience, with a bill under $20.      I was the big spender, with a refreshing, blood orange flavored French soda, and a goat cheese, olive French pizza with a nice little side of hot French onion soup. The pizza was quite tasty and flavorful, with a buttery, flaky pastry crust.  The soup's bread topping was a little soggy, but warm and cheesy nonetheless. My fiance ordered espresso, which he said was better in quality than similar spots. He also ordered the Versailles crepe, which consisted of just butter and sugar.  He said it was delicious, though he was a bit disappointed in the relatively small selection of sweet crepes. Our waiter, Jason, was friendly and capable. I really liked the decor of the restaurant, which has fairly limited seating. When crowded, however, it was quite noisy. The restaurant is BYOB, and I am planning on going back for dinner quite soon.
2	It seems like a theme for me, but this is a restaurant that I deeply want to love but just can't.  This place is walking distance from my house and is as appealing a concept as anything that I can imagine.  A French Bistro in my own neighborhood in Pittsburgh...?  Awesome.  But, the reality is nowhere near as great as the "dream."The food at Paris 66 is for the most part just okay.  As far as Crepes are concerned, they are fine, though not any better than Crepes Parisienne off of Walnut St.  Two things bothered me though.1.  We ordered an olive tapenade appetizer (one of the few available).  We were told that the tapenade would come with Tortilla chips.  I was surprised and skeptible but thought, "hmmm maybe it will be surprisingly good, and combination that works...maybe this is the new style in Paris...I don't know."  We got it, tried it.  It is a really really terrible combination.  It totally doesn't work.  The tapenade itself was just fine but the combination was awful.  Kind of like putting a slab of aged cheddar on a tuna steak.  Each component is just fine, the combo is ridiculous.  We asked for a baguette and were given it.  The baguette and tapenade combo was nice but I just don't understand who thought that the original combo was a good idea.2.  I ordered a "french" pizza on a flaky puff pastry type roll instead of typical pizza crust.  I am on board with the concept, but what they do is make the pizza ahead of time and then heat up a portion to serve.  The problem with this is that the crust ends up super flaky and way too crisp and dry.  The crust may as well have been an unsalted saltine cracker.  Just not very good.  The Tarte D'Alsace from Trader Joe's is way betterThe dessert crepes were just fine, good but not amazing.One other thing bothered me.  The service was a bit like a high school musical--enthusiastic, but amateurish.  I do not expect perfection in service.  This was just not good service though.  We asked for an extra plate for one of our kids (did not arrive for 30 minutes).  Drinks, not served until after the appetizer was finished.  Check took 20 minutes from the time we requested even though my wife and kids left the restaurant because of my younger one's restlessness.  The service wasn't mean, or disinterested, or unpleasant etc.  Our server was very very nice, and very pleasant etc., and frankly we tipped well just because I felt like she must be having an off day and sometimes you need a pickmeup on those types of days.  But...the service was not very good. My review reflects the experience that we had as a couple on one night.  I think that the food is what the food is, that is okay, but not great.  The service is another thing.  I don't think that there is any philosophical bent to make the service less than perfect, I just think I may have caught someone who was pleasant but not very efficient or "together" or someone who had an off day.  In my opinion if the service was good, this place is a three.  As it was for our experience, it was a 2.
1	I've gone to Paris 66 twice now. The first time I went, it was soon after the restaurant opened. They were full, but not busy, and we got a table right away. We waited maybe 45 minutes and got half of the food we ordered. The rest of us just had to wait another maybe 30 minutes or so for the rest. The food was pretty good when it finally came out. Since the restaurant was new and the manager had been apologetic about the whole thing, I figured I'd give it another try.I went again today with some friends. It took over an hour for our food. First we were told it was taking awhile because of some New Years Eve event they had planned later in the night (I wonder why they would open for lunch today if they thought they could not handle it. This is definitely not a valid excuse if you ask me).  Then the waiter came back and told us apparently the kitchen never got our order.  In the time it took for the waiter to realize he hadn't given the kitchen our order, they ran out of a component of one of the dishes as well (and note that my friend was incorrectly charged a dollar more for the original thing he ordered instead of the replacement dish he received..) When we finally got our food, there were a couple of problems with it too. In addition to the food taking forever, the server wasn't very attentive to us either (didn't refill our water, didn't give a spoon for soup, etc).  Even replacing a salad (brought it out w/wrong dressing) took 5-10 minutes.I will DEFINITELY not be going back to this restaurant. While the food is actually pretty good (though I'm sure it would taste better warm), the service has been pretty terrible both times I've been there.
3	3.5 starsThis place is the restaurant equivalence of a nineteen year old girl who just returned home from her Study Abroad program in Paris -- a little affected and confused in her attempt to appear continental, but somehow charming nonetheless.Paris 66 has some things going for it: a convenient location, a solid, reasonably priced menu, and some reliably good dishes.The onion soup is satisfying -- very hot, cheesy, with a strong flavored broth. The quiche is pretty good, according to my dining companion, as is the duck breast salad (decent quality greens; zippy deviled eggs, ok duck though a bit dry, could have used some dressing). I also liked their puff-pastrifization of the pizza -- a good idea that I'm going to steal and try doing it myself at home. I was not wild about my salmon and leek crepe ("La Champs Elysees" [sic]); Crepes Parisiennes does its salmon crepes better. This version is too dry; and their preparation somehow made the tastes of the salmon and the leek mixture incompatible.  At least we ended on a good note with a tasty, flaky almond galette.The service is friendly for the most part[*], but as other reviewers have pointed out, they tend to lay it on a bit thick with the "bonjours." Similarly, the interior decor is a Disney caricature of a Parisian cafe: popular fin-de-siecle posters; an art deco metro sign; vintage post cards; etc.  The affectation doesn't bother me very much; I find its inauthenticity endearing, kind of like a high school French club.[*] Once, I did get a waiter who would not make eye contacts with me and would only speak to my dining companion. Doesn't seem fair to blame his bizarre behavior on the restaurant though...
4	I had been wanting to check out Paris 66 for several months now, after reading reviews in local newspapers.  I finally made it there for lunch last week, and I was pleasantly surprised. I loved that when I walked in the chefs in the front were speaking French (and I assume they are french as well).  I enjoyed the time I spent in Paris several years ago, and was eager to take a stroll down memory lane.We  were seated on the outdoor patio, and although it was a cold January day, the space heaters kept the area comfortably warm.   Our server was very helpful in making suggestions, and he was very attentive.   I remember the feeling I got when ordering in Paris, and that is how easy it is to mispronounce menu items.  I cannot remember the name of the dish I ordered, but it was a savory crepe with chicken, mushrooms, and mustard.  I got the cauliflower and goat cheese soup at the suggestion of our server, and loved it!  It was the perfect amount of food for a lunch, and at a great price as well!I will be going again to check out a few more of their menu items!**update:  For their dinner specials the escargot starter is out of this world!
3	Hm... I used to walk right past this place without noticing it. I've only tried it once but I doubt I'm going to go back. The atmosphere is nice. It reminds me of cafes in South Park, SOMA. Strange thing is, I think Paris 66 costs more for less quality & quantity. I had a savory crepe and was surprised that it was $10. If you're from the Bay Area you probably know Crepevine. The portions at Crepevine are generous (with salad and potatoes) and it tastes great for less than $10. Also, I'm not a fan of Paris 66's wheat crepes that they use for their savory crepes. I only ate the filling.If you're in Pittsburgh and crave savory crepes I advise looking online for a recipe for crepe batter and filling them with chicken, tomatoes, and feta.
3	Been here twice in the past year, once today for brunch and once last fall (2009) for dinner. Both times, the food was good but the service was really slow. Lots of yummy-looking items on the menu. The egg provencale I had this morning was fabulous. Last time I was there at dinner, there was a soup that was amazing - I think it was a potato cream soup?  A few things I've had were a miss (I remember a pear-chocolate dessert, which was good but not really as nice as some other combination would have been) but I've also had some amazing food. Today, the breakfast crepe was delicious (beautiful sweet ham, plus an egg) but instead of their usual buckwheat crepes, they used a refined wheat flour crepe that was quite sweet - in my book, a bit too sweet for the savory ingredients, but still quite yummy.A word about buckwheat crepes - most of the crepe dishes on the menu use buckwheat crepes instead of wheat flour crepes. If you're not used to or expecting buckwheat, you might be disappointed. Buckwheat adds a slightly tangy, sour taste, It's dryer than wheat crepes, and can sometimes have a gritty texture. Service-wise, as I said, really slow. There are lots of people rushing around the small dining area but somehow you can never get a glass refilled or a check delivered without asking. I feel I'm always fighting for a little bit of attention from the waitstaff. The first time I was there we waited like 10-15 minutes to get our wine opened, while the four-person table seated after us got drinks ahead of us - this kind of thing makes my head want to explode. Making things worse, there seems to be a system where a separate person delivers food from the kitchen, so although you usually are guaranteed waitstaff attention then, I thought it would be inappropriate to use that interaction for a normal table staff request (like more water or another fork).  I think service could be much improved if they had a dedicated busser clearing tables and helping out refilling drinks and such.We didn't have a wait today (just about 3 minutes while they cleared a table, plus about 6 minutes before the maitre d' came up to the front to notice we were there - also typical from last visit), and last fall we were pleasantly surprised by a shorter wait than they said (20-30 minutes). So, if you're easily frustrated by slow and inattentive service you might want to go elsewhere, but if you can roll with it, the food is worthwhile.
4	In a great part of Pittsburgh, this East Liberty restaurant is run by a French couple (French is spoken in the open kitchen). I've been for brunch, where I've sat on the heated patio and enjoyed their buckwheat crepes.Good French food for reasonable prices in a great atmosphere. What's not to like?
4	A few years ago at the highland park yard sale Fred was Selling crepes.  I saw him a month later and called him the crepe guy. He denied that moniker and said he's the BMW guy.  2 years later Paris 66 opens.   Delicious crepes.   Good service.    Byob and across the street from the wine store.   Walking distance from highland park.   The back patio is nice year round.
4	Three oddities stood out for lunch:1. Out of 20+ people, my friend and the waiter were the only two guys in the place.2. The wait staff stayed in overdrive; perfect service, and I'm not sure I've seen wait staff do so much without ever seeming hurried.3. The food here is superior to most of what I munched on visiting Paris.Great soup of the day (mushroom), an enormous salad that didn't cut quality, and amazing savory crepes.  Will go back anytime I drive by and don't see a line.
4	Ran across this place about a week before my birthday and decided it looked like a fun place to do a Birthday brunch.  Not only was the owner incredibly nice (even giving me his personal cell phone number to call when I was on my way to get our table for 10 ready), but the brunch was delightful and reasonably priced.  I would absolutely go back again if nothing else to get the egg provencale breakfast - great new find!
4	We went here for brunch today and loved it.  Excellent savory crepes, pastries, and a nice cozy atmosphere.  We ordered the quiche of the day (goat cheese and sun-dried tomato) and the Paris 66 savory crepe (buckwheat crepe with ham, cheese, egg, mushroom, and tomato), both of which were fantastic.  We also split a pain au chocolate and it was so delicious that I had to order a second before we left.Love it!  Will come back for more the next time I'm in town.
4	I was in Pittsburgh recently and we were told this place was tops.  They specialize in French bistro food.  We had some the crepes and they were amazing.  I ordered one of their sandwiches and it really takes you to place far far away at times.  That could be because i m so used to the food from where i live, which consists of basically Quiznos and Subway.  Point is that it is nice to eat a a real restaurant for once and it is nice to eat some French food that is not massively expensive for once.  The one thing that sucks here is parking but its not really that bad cuz the restaurant is not overly huge and massively busy, at least when we went.  If you like French food though you should totally check it out for lunch.
2	The crepes are ok, but the buckwheat savory crepes sometimes dont go with all the savory crepe flavors. The smoked salmon did not go well with the buckwheat. The little side salads are delicious, but tiny. I like this.place, but I can always eat another full meal an hour later.
2	I was really excited to come here and try this place out.  My friend had told me it was really good, and what can I say, I can't resist crepes.  However, I could have resisted these and did.  The "savory" crepes were interesting, but in the end just plain bland.  The service was not very good, as it was very slow.  Would I go back? - No.  Especially when there are so many other great brunch places to go to in the city.
5	Delicious, romantic, amazing! Friendly, warm staff, diverse crowd.......and the savory crapes are to die for. SUCH a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. If I could give more than 5 stars, I totally would!!!!
2	My food was OK, but my daughter couldn't stop raving about her Croque Madame.  However, the atmosphere was scruffy and unkempt. The flowers on our table were dead, for instance.  Wait staff was harried and showing it. I felt their stress which did not make for a relaxing lunch. I had to get up from my table twice to track down our waitress. Not once did she check in to see if we needed anything.  I wish it had been a better experience but for a $17 Salad Nicoise I don't feel like putting up with the restaurants shortcomings.  Bummer.  Was hoping this could be better. Not much like this in Pittsburgh area.
4	Really nice Brunch.   There was a line but we had reservations and were seated immediately.  Our waitress was terrific.  She stopped by with the specials to show us what was available.  Very attentive and helpful.  W had the Brunch that included a cream filled crepe with berry puree, eggs provencale, and beautiful croissant.  We did have to ask for the berry puree because the kitchen forgot to put it on the plate and it was oh so good!  The duck confit was melt in you mouth tasty!
5	Love, love, love this little neighborhood bistro! Probably my favorite brunch spot in Pittsburgh. The eggs, crepe and croissant are all absolutely delicious. Even the coffee is excellent!I would recommend coming for lunch or dinner as well- the soups, crepes and quiches are very good, too. Haven't tried any of the dinner specials myself, but I've heard good things. My only tip is to avoid the buckwheat crepes- they taste like cardboard! Fortunately, they have no problem substituting the traditional crepe if you ask :)Sometimes the noise level inside is pretty high, but I think that's just part of the "bistro" feel! I usually prefer to sit on the enclosed back patio/deck, which is open almost year-round (and is much quieter).Service has always been excellent, even during busy times.
4	Paris 66 just got a new chef and a new dinner menu about a month ago, along with some new kitchen equipment so anyone who liked the potential of this place, be sure to give it another shot. I stopped in off of the street to get a pain au chocolat which they advertise for $3(they also sell baugettes, croissants, and a few other things in a similar way), but after learning that they bake them on-demand(pre-ordering recommended) and that it would take 15 minutes I opted for the apple tart I saw in the pastry case.The service was friendly but the tart was actually priced as a full-fledged dessert, so that wound up costing about 3x as much as I had entered intending to pay. You might say that's my fault, and it would be more appropriately priced had I just finished dinner at this place, but to walk up to a counter and ask for something from behind the glass to be so expensive was a bit much for me.C'est la vie, though - they sprinkled it with powdered sugar and sent me along my way with a small side of homemade caramel. When I got home, I gave it a taste, it was really delicious, and the caramel sauce was out of this world. I would eat that stuff on just about any dessert item they had. It took away most of the sting of the purchase, and I'm glad I stopped in, and I will return to get my pain au chocolat
4	Although some people warned me about the buckwheat crepes tasting weird, I decided to try it anyway. Got the Paris 66 Crepe, they put the mushrooms and tomato provencale on the side and the egg in the middle, so tasty! Had small salad on the side - yum! Portion size was larger than the average French plates so I was very satisfied!The quiche lorraine was nice too with salad on the side. We also ordered the steak frites - it was okay, nothing special. Overall nice atmosphere, music, and clean restaurant. Would go again :)
3	The restaurant would have received 4 stars if the waitress, Christine, wasn't horrible.  She lessened the experience that could have been had at the cafe-styled restaurant.  Her service was so poor that I'm debating going back.  Food was good.
4	Great brunch that's different from the ordinary. Check out our photos to see some of the dishes. I wasn't sure whether to go sweet or savory, but the savory was a good choice.  I was able to try some other dishes at the table that were sweet and that wouldn't have been bad choice either.I am not familiar with French cuisine, but this makes me want to explore more.  Some of the staff was speaking French, which added to the authenticity. It was a good way to start the day before we say Cirque du Soleil in the Strip Distruct.We sat closer to the front, but the back patio area looked cute. We had called ahead for reservations, but it wasn't crowded.
4	I have been to Paris 66 several times and each time they have delivered high quality, yet affordable French cuisine. On my most recent visit, I ordered the Paris 66 buckwheat crepes (that are filled with ham and cheese, topped with an egg and small portions of a salad, stewed tomatoes, and sauteed mushrooms). The flavors are rich and fresh, yet blend together perfectly.The service was quite good; the servers were attentive, professional and friendly. And the restaurant itself has such a charming interior and a nice patio for outdoor seating (with heat lamps for when you go in the winter!)
3	I enjoy Bistro 66, but not enough to spontaneously ask to go there.  The crepes are good, but no better than Crepes Parisiennes, which are also cheaper by far.  I tried the brunch, and although tasty, for the price, I'd much rather go to Casbah or Point Brugge.We also gave them a whirl for dinner, and were underwhelmed.  There's not anything wrong per se, just nothing spectacular.  So, given the price, I'd much rather go elsewhere.Their pastries, though, are legit.
5	Love, love, love this place!  I lived for a year in Shadyside very close to this place and I went for brunch numerous times!  I have had almost everything on the menu - the crepes are great, the eggs even better and the pastries are also good!  I will admit I have only had brunch here and highly recommend it for brunch.  Usually very good service, we never make reservations and are still seated within 15 minutes, typically way less.  Enjoy!
5	Every time we've been here (many), we are pleased.  Today was the first brunch.  Varied dishes, all presented well, tasty and reasonably priced.  Four for brunch for $55 including tip (no alcohol).  Have been many times for a quick dinner, a slow dinner, a nice lunch.  Go.
3	Paris 66 is one of those places you hear a lot of buzz about and are dying to go to.  One of those places you EXPECT will be incredible!  This was a sorta mediocre experience....but I do expect more from this place.  It was totally my fault that I set up a breakfast meet up at 10a and a lunch meet up at noon.  I'm either looking to gain 1000 lbs or am busy.  I'll take the busy option.  So since i was stuffed from an incredible waffle from Sugar Cafe I decided to get my fav salad of the moment, a beet salad.  It was a pretty big disappointment.  I'd say it was MAYBE 1/3 a beat with TINY little cubes of beets, lettuce leaves and blue cheese.  Blue Cheese with beats?  No feta, really?!  Ok, I'm looking too much into this beet salad, but for realz, it was sorta lame.  Our server was OK, but sorta seemed like she wasn't into serving that day.  She kept forgetting to bring my friend her drink and she just seemed pretty lackadaisical.  No big thang I guess, I served and I was horrible!!  The outdoor patio was also really cute.  I was actually really into the whoel feel of the place, inside and out.  Very romantic in and very casual and comfy outside.  Service was pretty slow too.  ALTHOUGH, what I will say in their defense is it looks like they only have two small grills in the front to make the crepes (which my two friends got) so I can see why it would take a while.  I did get a small bit of my friends crepe and it was awesome!  I will come back because I feel like I didn't get into the really good stuff on the menu....but I'm not sure what kind of service I'll receive and I definitely will go back expecting slow service at the very least.  So remember you'll need a good hour and a half at least for lunch, perhaps more for dinner.
3	The food here is good.  The service is very nice.  They have nice patio seating in the back, which I liked a lot.  The hostess spoke french, which is a plus, but as usual French cuisine is so overpriced.  The dishes on the menu are everyday and very typical French dishes and though they were good, they aren't great and definitely are not worth their price tags.  I've had much better food at the old Ma Provence in Squirrel Hill.  It's too bad the owner died and the place closed down.  From now on, I will just have to enjoy French food cooked at home.
3	I wasn't sure what rating to give Paris 66. I liked it, but I didn't love it. I guess it was, as Yelp would say, "A-OK."First off, the decor is adorable! I mean, yeah, a French bistro that lines its walls with Art Nouveau posters is a little cliche. But being a huge fan of Art Nouveau and not going to French bistros very often, I couldn't care less. Overall, it is an unassumingly charming little place and apparently has a heated patio? Definitely a great little romantic date spot, low lighting and all! Our server was a little pretentious but nice and attentive, for the most part.My friend got a crepe and she said it was "pretty good" but nothing to rave about. I got the Moules Frites Normande. The mussels were plump, and while I liked the broth, I felt like it could've used a little more...something. It was just kind of boring and bland. No bread was given to sop up the broth, either. The fries were not very good in my opinion, and did not come with any sort of dipping sauce. I tried dipping in the broth. Still not very good, and now soggy. Basically I just wish this place was Point Brugge? Or maybe I should have ordered something else and accepted that PB is without a doubt the Moules Frites champion of Pittsburgh, and I need to stop comparing everyone else against them. I can't help it!Not knocking it off my list just yet! I need to come back to evaluate their crepes!
3	Stick with the French Cuisine and you will be fine.  If you stray beware.
4	I just heard that Paris 66 will be CLOSING I'm going to miss their crepes and macaroons!!! PLEASE DON'T CLOSE!!!
3	Went for Brunch this past Sunday.  The crepes were good.  My omelet was good but overall the price is high for what you get.  Atmosphere just ok.
4	Went to Paris 66 for brunch last Sunday.  Great atmosphere.  We had 1pm reservation and got seated immediately.  We sat on the patio which was heated.  The tables were a little close to each other.  Service was really good even with our waiter in training.  We ordered the brunch special which was incredible.  We both loved the eggs and crepes!  Coffee was excellent !  Only complaint would be the price for the brunch was about $6 too much.  We'll be back though.
4	Went for brunch, but it was okay.We both ordered the brunch special with eggs, a pastry, and a crepe.  The dish was good but imbalanced - too much sweet to savory ratio (at least in my opinion).The eggs were good but the portion was too small and the crepes were a bit thick.  The palmier I had was delicious.  My only comment on service was that the food came out a bit too quickly; however, the service was good and the ambiance was nice.I will be trying this place for dinner soon.
4	Dinner on a Wednesday was great -- excellent food and attentive but not overbearing service. Parking a bit of a problem.
4	I ate here two Thursdays ago with a dining companion.  The entrance to the restaurant feels a bit cramped when you first get inside but it is also unique as you are able to see their bakery.  Once we made it to the hostess we were greeted almost immediately and given the selection between sitting inside and sitting outside in the heated patio.  We chose the patio and were able to see almost all of the restaurant on the walk out.  There were a lot of trinkets and items that would make you think of France and the tables were covered in white table clothes.We decided to get the Feuillete D' Asperges which was described as blanched green asparagus in puff pastry with a Hollandaise sauce.  Whenever it came it was immediately apparent that it was not as it was described as the asparagus was draped over the puff pastry.  My dining companion also mentioned this so I know that it was not my thoughts alone. Regardless of that it still tasted very good and we enjoyed it.  For dinner I decided to have the Steak-Frites.  The presentation of the dish was nice with the fries in a cute little basket.  However I was disappointed with how mushy the fries were.  Whenever I think of frites I think of crunchy fries and these fries not at all.  They did have a good taste to them.  The best part of the entree though was the steak which was juicy and cooked and cooked to a perfect medium.  Whenever it came time for dessert we were presented with both a dessert menu and a list of 2 dozen or so macaroons that they make on the premise.  My dining companion and I decided to split the dessert of the day which ended up being a layered cake with fresh berries.   This was easily the best part of the whole dinner as the cake was moist, the frosting separating the layers cool and the tart of the lemon matched well with the sweetness of the berries.  We also decided to indulge ourselves and each got a macaroon, myself the lavender and my dining companion a basil and lemon or lime.  I enjoyed trying both of them and would like to try some more of their flavors in the future as it is not something that you normally see in Pittsburgh.The bottom line for me is that I would come back here in the future.  The dessert was easily the best part of the meal although the entree and appetizer was solid too.
2	Well...I really wanted to give Paris 66 another try.  I felt like I'd missed something great here.  All the elements are here.  It's an adorable French bistro.  Cute setting and the menu looks amazing!  Last time I only had a salad so I was ready to go all out.  Great thing was, the lunch menu offered a 3 course meal for $14.99.  It included a coffee or iced tea, choice of soup or salad, 5 different main plates and then a handful of desserts.  Not a bad deal for those who want a taste of it all.  I decided to pick the warm goat cheese salad and Bastille Crepe. We received our ice teas and we waited. And waited. And waited some more. Then one slightly unenthusiastic apology from the waitress saying "something was messed up" with our order. Others beside us kept on ordering and getting food.  An HOUR passed by with no food. We finally had to summon over a manager who apologized and then 10 minutes later the salad appeared. A SALAD. It takes an hour to make a salad? I don't know what really happened... but I know it shouldn't have. It wasn't busy at all. Only three other tables in the dinning room with lots of different servers around. It was really irritating and I was HANGRY (hungry + angry)!We then received our main dishes about 10 minutes after that and my crepe was a total letdown. It was a beautiful looking crepe, but frankly, it tasted like condensed cream of mushroom soup on top of some spinach and a crepe. Plus it was lukewarm. Major fail! Our waitress then starting to do the "save face so that I can still get a tip" act and gave compliment after compliment to us. For all of this, during a lunch that we were EXTREMELY patient with (good thing we didn't have a strict lunch schedule), they comped us a couple macaroons...which in my opinion, there should have been more!  I've worked in the restaurant biz and personally felt for all of that, our meal should have been comped. Worst of all, the manager never even came back over to ask if everything was okay. Poor costumer service. Too bad, I had high hopes.
4	Had friends for dinner there last night.  I mean. . . we ate dinner together with friends, we didn't eat our friends.  Who does that?We hadn't really done French food in Pittsburgh, so this seemed like a nice switch.  It was good.  It wasn't great, but it was definitely worth a second visit.The waitress was cute (not attractive cute. . . I mean. . . I'm not saying she wasn't attractive, I just mean she had a cute personality) and indulged our ridiculousness nicely.  Dinner was slow-paced but that suited us.  We were in it for the long haul.  We got a couple appetizers:  artichokes and mussels.  They were both great.  We ordered a bottle of wine and were completely clueless about the selections because, of course, they're all french and we knew nothing about french wines.  Our friend spilled his wine and the waitress apologized and asked if everything was okay.  I like that.  I like knowing that if my friend spills his wine that someone else will step in and say they're sorry even though it was all his fault.  Excellent work.So then we cleaned him up and the table too (although they line the tables with paper table cloths, so that wasn't a huge problem.) and ordered our meals.I asked the waitress to tell me what the Frenchest thing on the menu was.  She said, "I don't know how to answer that." but then did pick something named for Marseilles, which despite being a city in France did not SEEM like the Frenchest thing on the menu.  Since escargot wasn't listed as an entree, and they didn't have rabbit. . . I ordered something else.I got two specials, which isn't particularly instructive to potential NEW diners because they probably won't be on the menu when you dine there BUT. . . I got the fig salad, and a softshell crab entree.  The fig salad was spectacular.  I couldn't have loved it more if I were twins.  Really. . . is lame as this sounds, I'll go out on a limb and say it was the best salad I've had in my life:  carmelized figs with romaine lettuce in white balsamic vinaigrette with soft blue cheese and candied walnuts. . . it really was great.The softshell crab. . . not so much.  Very tough, very crunchy.  I had to request a steak knife to get through it.  It tasted good, just a little rough.We finished off the evening with dessert, macaroons and creme brulee.  Only they spelled it macarons, because apparently the French spell everything differently than we do.  They have a bajillion different flavors of macarons.  I ordered a caramel and sea salt macaron.  It was pretty great.  The creme brulee was yummy too.  We had some nice strong coffee, paid and were out the door.The bill was spendy. . . take away the wine and it was still on the high side.  It's hard to order a salad that costs as much as entrees do at other places, BUT. . . it WAS the best salad I've ever had IN. MAH. LIFE.  So that counts for something.All in all, I'd go back again, especially if they added rabbit to the menu.
5	Seafood Bouillabaisse: It was phenomenal!!! Thanks to my man Darren for bringing me here for my late birthday and for buying me a box of their excellent macaroons to go. The fried artichokes were killer as well. Loved the service too.
5	This is the best restaurant in town! I have been there a few times with my wife and family, and everyone is always happy with every single item we've had.  Which is quite rare for a place to have so many items on the menu and all of them are of such great quality! It's on the pricey side, but it's definitely worth it to visit to treat yourself here.  The crepes, scallops, quiches, steak, frites, potatoes, salads, baguettes and the tea/coffee are all amazing!! (we've tried all of those and more). The staff really know their stuff to! We can ask them questions about the menu or even the tea they serve. The only complaint I have is that it can sometimes get cramped, but it's easy to forget the moment you smell your tea/food.
5	I love this place! We ate dinner at a restaurant down the street from Paris 66 last night, after we left we wanted crepes and the other place we usually went to was closed.  I was nervous to walk in a restaurant and ask if we could have a table to just get desert. I can't even explain in words how AMAIZING Paris 66 was for desert crepes. The food the women next to me we're eating also looked excellent. We will probably go back tonight and get dinner and desert. I also took a couple dozen of the macaroons home and they were so good! Wonderful light flavors. The waitress was so nice. Gave us a table very quickly although we were just getting desert and they were very busy. I'm so happy our usual place was closed and we got to try Paris66
2	I like the concept, but the food is not great at this cute little bistro. We went when it first opened, and I resisted the urge to review them then, as I wanted to give them time to straighten out the kinks. They have done that to a certain extent...they've fixed the ventilation system, and the buckwheat crepes, which used to have a grainy, sandy texture to them, are much better. The fillings, however, are uninspired and not handled with care. I got the Dijon mustard chicken crepe, and the chicken was bone dry. The filling was not enough for the size of the crepe, and they also need to sauce them more. I prefer crepe fillings that are either more stew-like or have a sauce to finish them, and these are just a pile of ingredients on top of a crepe. The soup of the day was watermelon gazpacho, which would have been excellent had they not dumped in so much cayenne, which made it overly spicy and strangely one note. We were sat near the open kitchen when we first went in, and the clanking of pots, pans and plates was just too much for me, so I asked if they could move us. They did, and it was a little better, but this is a noisy restaurant, due to its petite size and tile floors.
4	I had the pleasure to eat here for brunch for the first time back in February. It was my birthday. Yay for birthdays. In my typically fashion I will sum it up in a few sentences and go into detail for those who fancy that sorta thing.Amazing food. Fresh, tasty, prepared exactly the way it should. Pleasant service. Come prepared to shell out a bit of cash for breakfast at least. I think they are slightly over priced for the portion. Perhaps that is just my perspective. And no, I am not cheap. I shop at WF's nuff said =)We were seated in the sun room. May I make a suggestion. Never, ever let them sit you close to the plastic screen. The last thing I wanted to do but a few brief sips of coffee into my day, let alone birthday, was to be blinded (and I do me blinded) by the sun. I'm talking, full out squinting. There was no room for me to move my chair to avoid it. I had a table directly behind me. It was beyond awkward. Putting my inability to open my eyes behind me, the food made up that enlightening experience.My husband and I both ordered the Paris 66 breakfast special. Delicious. They choose La Prima for their coffee source (smart move its the best in our town, hands down). The berry compote they serve along side their crapes is only sweet and tangy. The crape was moist and delicate- with fresh cream oozing out the sides as you slide the utensils within. Oh my goodness, love love love it. The eggs were amazing- eggs a la provencale.  Never had them this style and I will make sure to order them again. The fresh bread choices one gets with this offering are scrumptious. Fresh, buttery, flaky, and warm! I choose the chocolate au pain and sampled my husband's croissant. Just writing about them makes me want to pick up some this morning!I also took home a nice selection of macaroons. I was in heaven. I feel I cannot eat anyone else's ever again. As theirs were 100% perfect in every way, shape, and form. Update:Love this place. I went back twice since writing this review! I did not have a good experience with the dinner. To my recollection, they hired a new chef and management was very kind and purchased my dessert since we waited 1 hour and 45 minutes for our meals that were overcooked. The seriousness the manager took in our discomfort made me never think a negative thing about this place and I went back twice for breakfast. This place knows how to run a business, help out their staff when they are busy, and treats customers well. I cannot say enough nice things about this establishment! I do not mind if a meal isn't perfect- I can overlook it when the service and management are complete professionals about it. Thank you!
4	Good food, drinks, desserts and atmosphere! Be sure to try a macaroon! We suggest the 'salty caramel".
2	After going back many times each time it gets a little worse.  Dinners are always disappointing but deserts make it worth while. The restaurant is always very hot in spring and summer. Many other customers were unhappy the last 3 times we went. I don't complian but paying over 120$ for two ppl (we dont drink) at dinner I expect more. The one male waiter is very rude. Unfortunately he has waited on me the past 3 times. He acts pretentious.  We were sitting next to 3 elderly woman. One of the woman said she just turned 92. They asked for the checks to be split up and the waiter refused to split the check! Seriously it would take 2 min but he just kept telling the woman no. They were very upset. I was upset for them. I think Paris 66 should try to be nicer to there customers and also turn down the AC! The last two times I ate here I was worried the food was bad concidering the table of men next to us and my husband and waiters/waitresses were all sweating! Deserts are what they should focus on because they make some good ones! I gave this restaurant 4-5 chances before I wrote a bad review. I feel awful but I feel like after so many failed attempts I should let others know!  Maybe I just go at the wrong days/times.
2	Such high hopes, but alas. The look and feel of the place are absolutely charming and bistro-authentic. Appetizers (tartar and dried meats) were adequate at best and fish entrees mixed (one served ice cold). Forty-five minutes between courses,for Pete's sake! Admittedly this was Saturday night, but it did not help to see the fellow who introduced himself as the general manager incessantly texting. Al fresco deck is lovely but the interior was super-hot, to the point that cooks could be overheard complaining. With time they may get this right but a ways to go before fulfilling very promising potential.
4	I can't really find a reason why you wouldn't go to this place. It has the ambiance you would expect, very good French food, the coffee here is excellent and the staff is nice. The prices, especially for the lunch combination special,  are very reasonable. I would recommend it for any occasion date, friends or just to stop by for some great coffee.
3	I wanted to love this restaurant.  After all, I am a lover of all things French.  It just didn't meet my expectations.  I do give credit to the owners for trying to make it right (and it did help some), but still not the experience I was hoping for.The first thing that was off putting is that the tables are extremely close to each other.  It wasn't bad when there was no one seated next to us, but when they did seat the next table, it made it difficult for them to get into the table and us to leave at the end of our meal.  It also was a little awkward because it was almost as if we were sitting together as one party and were a part of each others conversations even though neither of us had any desire to.The second thing that was off putting is that there are signs everywhere for a three for $30 menu.  On the door, on every table.  When we inquired with our server about what the options were for that menu, she said they "decided not to do it that day"  We asked her why and she said she would find out.  Apparently the executive chef was "away on business" and they "didn't have the capacity" to serve that menu.  I suppose that should have been a clue as to the experience we were going to have, but with a number of other appealing options, we ordered.They were out of one of the appetizers I wanted to try, so I started with the escargot.  It was tasty and just as I expected.  Although so hot that when I took my first bite (several minutes after it was delivered to the table), I nearly burnt my mouth.  My fiance and I both had the pumpkin bisque, that day's special.  The bisque was tasty and we both really enjoyed it.  Both of our appetizer dishes came out fairly quickly, so we were expecting the same for our entrees.  The restaurant did get more crowded as we were waiting, so some wait time would be expected.  But 15 minutes went by.  20 minutes.  25 minutes.  And not even a visit from our server.  As I was getting ready to flag any restaurant personnel down, our server finally returned to let me know there was a "mishap" in the kitchen and that they "had to do some scrambling because they were out of arugula" and that our entrees would be up soon.  It  was another 5 or so minutes before my fiance's ravioli were delivered.  She indicated that since they don't have a warmer, they brought his out so it didn't get cold.  My Paris 66 Galettes came out about 5 minutes later.  I hadn't had galettes since a visit to Brittany in college, so I was extremely excited to try them.  It didn't disappoint.  Very tasty and met with expectations.  the mushrooms were perfectly flavored.  I just wish there had been more of them!The owners of the restaurant came over while we were eating our entrees to apologize for the delay and offered us free dessert to make up for it.  It was a nice gesture and we enjoyed our desserts but it didn't quite make up for the extreme delay.When we ordered desserts, we learned that they were out of bananas for the nutella crepe, so my fiance had it with strawberries instead.  (which turned out to be amazingly tasty).  Now - the desserts were amazing.  In fact, it may be worth a return visit just for drinks and dessert.  I especially enjoy that they have a huge selection of macrons.Will I return?  Probably not, unless it is just for the desserts.
5	A lovely dining experience, just like we've had countless times in France. Food was incredible and the waitstaff offered to conduct the meal in French (which was pretty cool, from a geeky Francophile perspective). We've been there with and without my five year old and the staff always delights her with a friendly "bonjour!" and kids books written in French (again, geeky, but cool). Consistently great meals, although my fave is the Croque Madame!  :-)
4	Today was the first time I have ever gone to Paris 66. I really really enjoyed it. The waiters were extremely friendly, and the ambiance of the restaurant was extremely vibrant and authentic.It was adorable how the waiters greeted patrons in French. Also, the owner of Paris 66 came up and introduced herself, which I thought was really sweet.The food was AMAZING. It's currently restaurant week in Pittsburgh, so many places are having a special deal on the food. I got to try escargot (for the first time), beef wellington, and macarons, all for $30.The escargot was really tender, and garlicky. It was interesting haha. :p Of course my favorite part was the mararons. In fact, I liked them so much, I took half a dozen home!My friends and I are definitely coming back. The fact that there was a really cute waiter definitely didn't hurt either ;D
2	My wife and I used to frequent Paris 66 when we first moved to PGH, and loved our first 2 or 3 visits. Unfortunately, about a year ago, we noticed that the quality of the experience slipped significantly, and we stopped making this our go-to place when out and about on Saturday afternoons for lunch. We have voted for it in the local votes for "Best French Restaurant" before, because of our positive initial experiences there.When we first tried the place, we really enjoyed their chicken (a simple, yet truly delicious dish...), mussels, and nicoise salad. All of these dishes were at least as good, if not better than some of the great food we enjoyed when we visited Paris.Our last visit there was several months ago for "Brunch" - definitely a disappointment. None of the dishes that came as part of our $18 "Brunch" were good - the eggs were runny, the pain au chocolat was cold, and side salad was uninspired. We were so disappointed, we have taken a "break" from the place for the last several months. Recently, we have noticed that their website and menu have been revamped and are considering a return there to try things out again.We have never had the problems with the wait staff that other reviewers have had, and frequently have enjoyed short, friendly conversations with them during our visits - for us, they have been an enjoyable part of the experience, as they always treated our family and children well.Pricing is a little high for the dishes served, and the lunch menu could use a "tweak" perhaps to make the portions smaller and less expensive to encourage throughput. Perhaps trimming down the number of dishes on the regular menu would allow the team to focus even more on execution, consistency, and value for their patrons. We would love to see Paris 66 return to the high level we first enjoyed, and know they definitely have what it takes to make this happen.
1	I've been living in Pittsburgh for about 8 years and have enjoyed sampling the great food that has been springing up in the city. I am typically a very understanding and forgiving person when it comes to mishaps while dining out, but I had an experience at Paris 66 that was so terrible I could not help but sign up for a Yelp account and share my experience. I apologize in advance for the length of this review, but I had to fit my entire story.To be fair, I waited to write this review until the day after visiting when my emotions have settled. As a lover of French food, I've eaten at this place a couple times and wished to share it with my girlfriend who had not been there before so we decided to go for restaurant week. We were seated for our reservation on time, and wine was brought promptly. I thought this was going to be a great night out.Unfortunately, we then sat for 40 minutes before receiving even bread, at which point, I was furious since no one had stopped by our table in this duration.  All would have been forgiven with a simple apology and update on our food. Finally the bread came (without an apology) and shortly thereafter our appetizers. Unbelieveable - my date's escargot was cold. At this point, I thought it was time to talk to the manager. After waiting for him for another 10 minutes, the manager or owner or whomever was in charge came to our table. As politely as I could muster, I explained the situation - his response, "Well just don't tip your waiter well.  It's his fault." WOW! Regardless of who's "fault" it was, I could not believe the arrogance of the manager in not even offering an apology, let alone something standard like a free drink.An apology would've been enough to stay, but we told the waiter what his manager said about him, cancelled the remainder of our order, and asked for the check. On top of it all, our table was on the back patio that was covered and heated nicely for the winter; however, my seat was right next to a cloth covering that served as the back door. The cold winter breeze that crept through the cloth door had me shivering by the end of my time there.In reading the previous reviews, this was sadly not the first time there was such a long wait for service and such poor hospitality by the manager.  Needless to say, I will never go back to this restaurant or recommend it to anyone.  For the price and quality of the food, there are so many better restaurants that deserve your business within the immediate area.
3	I went there with a couple of friends for Restaurant Week to try different places. This place is a little small and crowded, but the atmosphere is interesting with the table and wall decorations. We were seated on the side for six people, but due to a column in the wall, the end table had to be moved out in order for people to get in to take our seat. A little awkward as everyone seated on the wall were trapped unless we moved a table out of the way.Since it was Restaurant Week, we all ordered the special they had, which was Escargot, Beef Wellington, and Macarons. Service was a little slow, but I think that was due to all of us ordering the same thing, which mean they had to prepare multiple identical dishes before bringing it out. The Escargot was good and started the evening well.The Beef Wellington was well made and the asparagus was tasty, but the breading around the beef was too salty for some reason. The beef was soft with a juicy pink center, though slightly plain and unseasoned. I suppose the saltiness of the breading complimented it, but the two extremes didn't work well.For dessert, we had our choice of three different macarons flavors. They had quite a bit and this was what I was most interested in. They were slightly hollow, but it's hard to make a perfect macaron and it's more of a technical point. They were delicious, and for the price, it's not bad.Overall, it has a nice atmosphere if you want to try something new. It's a bit pricey for the dishes given what we had and the size of the place is not well suited if you have a large group, so I'm reluctant to go back. However, I think this is a nice place to get macarons if you ever have a craving for them. The pricing is about average for the cost of each and there's plenty of variety to choose from.
4	Thanks to a dear friend, I was able to enjoy Paris 66 Bistro late in 2012.   There are a great many things to like about the place, and nearly nothing to complain about.  The night we were there it was perfect, and in my one stop back there to pick up pastries they were a bit backed up and alas could not fill my order.  No worries though, onto the review.I normally don't comment upon a single dining experience BUT I have read some of the comments below and felt it only fair to weigh in for the owners/chef's sake.  It is a quite charming little place, with a lot more tables inside than you think are possible from the outside.  It is not a bit loud though, and appears all in the world like a quaint Paris Bistro.   For me, the key elements of the experience were:Food:  Was extremely happy with the Steak Frites.  Perfectly done, I must admit it was better than the version that I actually had in Paris.   Everything was solid and spot on, the macaroons are to die for.   Service:  Absolutely rock solid the night we were there for dinner.   No complaints and even though our server had an injured thumb, you would not know it by here ability to open our wine and otherwise provide a high level of service (sadly something I see less often here in Pittsburgh).  Drink:  Wine list was pretty solid and rather fairly priced.  Again, one dinner is no real judge but I will be back to update.   Wildcard:  The bakery is a stunning addition and as noted above, macaroons are worth the price of admission.  You will not be sorry that you went.
1	Bad service on a slow Sunday afternoon? Not professional! The food didn't hit the right spot too. At the end, we were also given the wrong bill! I am sure the French wouldnt have been pleased with your sloppy service. Avoid.
3	Romantic and authentic for a price.My experience at Paris 66 Bistro was good but, because the cost for a three course meal was around $40 a plate, I'm going to rate this restaurant with a MUCH more stringent rubric. The atmosphere feels very much like a french bistro. It's romantic and quiet but some of the decorations were a little too much. There are a lot of antique photographs that but made me feel like I was in a b-list horror movie. Luckily the dishes were beautiful enough to cover this.The food was good but not spectacular. I was most pleased with our cheese plate appetizer and macaroon dessert. The veal medallions I ordered were incredibly bland and the white wine sauce seemed a touch too bitter next to a pile of asparagus. Good service and fresh ingredients made this out to be an A-OK experience, though I would recommend skipping the main course.
4	Paris 66 reminded me of the French Cafes in Paris. Our food was excellent and prepared exactly to our order.  The wait staff was attentive and helpful, but also knew when to leave us alone.  The wine list was strong on the French wines, although I think they could add a few more wines by the glass.  Great desserts, they have a really talented pastry chef.   I was really charmed by my first visit here, and I'm sure it won't be my last.
5	I just walked in for a cup of coffee and a croissant....and left with more! The croissant was amazing! I also got the blueberry tart  and it was "melt-in-your-mouth" wonderful. The tart was $9 which surprised me, but after eating it, I would probably pay that again...it was that good! I do believe you get what you pay for here. Can't wait to go back and actually sit down to eat. Also, I loved that everyone I talked to was French!
4	We just finished dinner and stopped by Paris 66 for dessert. We were greeted by a friendly, congenial staff. Free valet parking. Each of us had his or her own crepe with coffee. The coffee cups were unobtrusively refilled over and over. We sat and chatted for hours. Forget the fact that you are greeted in French; even without that, this place has the European "you've got the table for the night" feel.  All in all, it was a delightful experience. By the way, the smells wafting out of the kitchen made all of us agree to return there for dinner. We'll be back soon.
5	I came here for brunch on a Sunday morning with a large group. Between the spring rain and the Parisian staff, I felt instantly transported to France.The place was able to accommodate 9 of us without a reservation (though the waiter said this was rare)Our crew got everything from crepes and croissants to omelettes and quiche.  Not an unsatisfied person in the crowd - the food was delicious.It seems like 11am was a great time to head here for brunch.  By the time we left at 12:30 there was a line out the door.I will be back to this place many times - it is truly one of Pittsburgh's most charming places.
4	I came here during restaurant in week with Pittsburgh. The $30 special included an appetizer of escargot, an entree of Beef Wellington, and dessert of three macarons.I do enjoy a good snail, and the escargot was decent. Very buttery and garlicky. It might have been a little bit too buttery as each snail I picked up left a little pool of butter. It tasted more like butter than snails. The beef wellington was also decent, though there was nothing special about it. Just a piece of beef wrapped in puff pastry. It came with a side of blanched asparagus. The best part of the meal was definitely the macarons. We were able to choose three flavors out of the flavors they had for the day. I chose pumpkin, passionfruit chocolate, and praline. My favorite was the passionfruit chocolate. The slightly tartness of the passionfruit paired well with the chocolate.This restaurant is very cute. They put up photos and decorations from France all over the restaurant and most of the staff have a French accent. I do think the food is slightly overpriced. I would probably not have eaten dinner here if it weren't for restaurant week.
4	I loved so many things about this hidden gem for brunch:Nearly all of the wait staff speaks French. Pretty impressive for a city not known for a French population. If you speak French, do use it! This aspect livened the atmosphere and made it all the more fun.Savory buckwheat crepe: La Champs de Mars had delicious smoked salmon. I'd recommend ordering a side of l'epinard (spinach) to go with it. Each bite I assembled some crepe with a sliver of salmon and a dollop of spinach--divine. The crepe itself was not amazing, but altogether it was something else.And the macaroons are phenomenal. I had the White Chocolate with Basil, and from now on I'm a basil-dessert fan. The entire quarter-sized pastry was beautifully crafted with fresh ingredients--you can taste it it's so fresh.Plus the environment just ties everything together--language, art, people. It all makes me want to go to France so much!
1	My fiance and I were excited to try this French-style bistro. I wish I could say we enjoyed ourselves. I made a reservation online for later in the evening, and we arrived at the restaurant 5 minutes before our time. It took 10 minutes (and multiple staff passing us by) before anyone acknowledged our presence at the hostess-stand. After finally being acknowledged and seated, it took another 20 minutes before we got water and our waiter came to get our drink orders. You think we would have left at this point, but it was 830, and we were hungry.After putting in our drinks, appetizers, and dinner (weren't going to wait another moment to get our orders in), we enjoyed wine and french beer and the bread. Escargot came out in a reasonable time and was delicious. We split the mussels and enjoyed them tremendously. From there, things were looking up.... until it took another hour to get our entrees. My fiance's tuna was delicious. My duck... disgusting. The thing was soooo heavily salted I could barely eat it. And I LOVE salt. Instead of waiting and trying to order something else (our waiter hadn't even checked to see how are meals were after dropping them off) we decided to cut our losses and leave. Another 40 minute wait for the check. To try and make up for the waiting around, we got comped for 2 macaroons. REALLY?!?!?! That's like a slap in the face. Spending $150 to receive awful service, okay (but not worth $150) food for that? I would've gone back despite the duck, but will never go back because of the service. Get your act together, Paris 66.
5	This is a cute restaurant with seating in back on deck or some inside. The outside view is not great. The inside can be noisy with a relatively open kitchen and people coming in to just buy pastries. I started with the salmon tartare which was excellent and the line sorbert paired perfectly with the salmon (excellent together in a single bite). The bread was freshly cut to serve at the table and the butter was creamy and decadent. This butter with the bread was some of the best that I've had. For main course, I had the mussels Roquefort style. The flavor of the blue cheese persisted in the cream and butter based broth. The mussels were huge and well prepared. The broth was so heavy that I had difficulty finishing the mussels, despite how good they were. We got 6 macaroons to go, which were excellent as well. The violet and lavender were among the best, while the strawberry was nothing special. I thought the salty caramel was the best of those that I tried.  This is a very good French restaurant and I would recommend to foodies that prefer to not have coleslaw and fries on top of all of their dishes.
5	I have nothing but good things to say about Paris 66. The food was EXCEPTIONAL, the service was impeccable, and the ambiance was great. I had the Roquefort mussles and they were absolutely to die for. And the chocolate mousse was the best I've ever had. The menu was authentic and creative. I felt like I was back in Paris.
4	Service was excellent.  Food was great.  I had the foie gras appetizer and the salmon crepe for dinner.  The foie was really tasty. It's worth going back just for that.   The salmon crepe was good.  A friend at the table has the escargot it was excellently prepared. The whole night was a lot of fun.
2	I made reservations for Sunday Brunch for myself and a friend visiting from out of town.  I chose Paris 66 based on the fact I had never been there before and a few friends said they had good meals there.  The meals and the ambience of the restaurant were fine but the service was absolutely atrocious.  While we were seated promptly, it took forever for a waitress to come over and take our drink order, which didn't mind us too much because my friend and I were too busy catching up.  We asked our hostess several questions in order to make a decision and it took nearly 10 minutes for her to come back and take our order.  In addition, we were unable to get any speciality drinks (latte, espressos) since their machine was broken.  I ordered an omelette; however, I was told I could not get egg whites since the chef didn't make subsitutions but I could get it without cheese.  My omelette was delicous and my friend had a salty crepe which was also as good.  Since our waitress was MIA (you think she would have been more attentive since her salary comes from tips) we flagged down the hostess, who stated she didn't service tables and didn't answer our questions, or other servers walking by.  During our meal I got an email from OpenTable saying the restaurant cancelled my reservation.  Um well that's hard to do since I was there and stated when I checked in that it was made using OpenTable.  I spoke back with the waitress when we left and she barely acknowledged me.  I even called to talk to someone from management about the issue with the reservation; they said they couldn't fix it.  I also told them about the poor service we received which was followed up with an "I'm sorry".  I don't want to completely discredit the place because the food was great and we loved the ambience of the place.  However, I will not go back unless there is some shake up in their management/service in order to provide quality and customer satisification.
5	I had a great experience at this place, servers are extremely nice and have a beautiful accent! The food is really good and would definitely recommend to anyone.
3	A strong 3 stars. The room looks like a parisian brasserie, and in my book that's really a plus. It is quite nice to feel home, for a change. In contrast to many other yelp reviewers, i found the service perfect - helpful, attentive, but not overbearing. The waitress was very accommodating.My food was good, but not top notch. The snails were tender, buttery and garlicky. The way they are supposed to be. The boeuf bourguignon was good, although not nearly as good as the one I do (true, i do an amazing bourguignon). So fine, perhaps 4 star if I was just rating quality, but not succulent. Also, it was a bit too salty. (What's wrong Pittsburgh with salt? Cure was also way too salty!!)That said, around the table, others seemd much less happy with their food. And, the price just isn't right: it's too expensive ($29 for the bourguignon) for the quality of the food.
2	I desperately wanted to love Paris 66, but I just couldn't do it. I will say, right off the bat, that this restaurant had the best, most attentive, on-the-ball waitstaff of any restaurant I've ever been to in Pittsburgh. I can not say enough nice things about them.However, everything else about the restaurant was simply underwhelming. We ordered beef burgundy (29$) and a lamb shank on special (28$). The beef was tender but completely overwhelmed by the salt pork flavor. The lamb, however, was hard as a brick on the outside. I literally had trouble putting my fork into portions of the meat because it had hardened up so much in the oven. The outside was like eating slightly soft beef jerky. The bottom line is, the food is FAR too expensive too be plagued by such problems. If this is their usual quality, I'm uncertain how they can compete with cheaper, better quality food such as Meat and Potatoes, Piccolo Forno, or even Salt or 11.I would, however, recommend this place for their desserts. I would consider stopping here after an evening at another restaurant for dessert and coffee.
4	I'll admit that I was not hugely impressed with Paris 66 the first couple of times I went there. The crepes were fine (but who wanted to pay so much for crepes when you could get perfectly reasonable ones from Crepes Parisiennes in Shadyside? But, I guess that's no longer an option), brunch was fine, and dinner was fine. I mean, everything was FINE. But nothing was stellar (except for the macaroons. those were out of this world). So, I didn't go back for a while. Thankfully I was persuaded to go by some friends, and what a change! I think management is trying really hard to go hard-core French, so the servers all speak French and appear to be legitimate Frenchpersons! The menu has changed and now the dinner entrees are much more traditional French fare. When we last went, they unfortunately had run out of everything we wanted to order. And I'm not even exaggerating; I tried to order the duck breast... no go. My husband and another friend tried to order the lamb shank special... no go. They even told us they only had one left, and so my husband and our friend had to decide who would get it, and then they came back to tell us that they actually didn't have ANY left! Despite all this, we really enjoyed the meal and would be happy to go back again. I guess management just has to work on procurement... Excellent desserts, but... wait for it... NO MORE MACAROONS. Gah! This place is too popular for its own good!So, if you weren't impressed with Paris 66 before, give it another whirl. It's worth the try.
5	I have been here a couple of times recently, once for dinner and once for brunch,and each experience was really good. I easily made reservations online each time and was able to be seated right away. The food and atmosphere are great--relaxing and cozy,  and the meal didn't feel rushed. My favorite part of the meal- the macaroons and coffee with chambord, but the whole meal was tasty. Very friendly and attentive service each time I've been here. I am sure I will be back soon!
3	I've been to Paris 66 4 or 5 times. The first couple times I dined here in mid 2012 were fantastic. The food was authentic and prepared well and the macarons were the best I'd had anywhere (yes I think they're better than Laduree). The macarons still are the best, although you now have to buy them at Gaby et Jules in Squirrel Hill up the street. Anyway, the last couple of times I went here, once in early 2013 and now in early 2014 were just ok. The service and decor are awesome and very charming, but the quality of the food has really taken a dive. We all started with french onion soup which was very good and I would highly recommend, but all of the entrees were mediocre. Two of us ordered salads and the lettuce was wilted and didn't taste fresh. My husband had veal, which was cooked to the point that he could hardly cut or chew it. I had salmon that was so undercooked that I couldn't eat anything but the edges (I ordered it medium). I want to like Paris 66 so much and there's a ton of potential there, but they need to step up their food game. Charging $20+ for so-so entrees isn't going to fly for long.
5	I find the product here to be wonderful. I have traveled many times to France and this is a little jem thousands of miles away from Paris. My server introduced himself immediately and from that moment he was running back and forth to the porch bring me whenever I needed. As a classically trained Baker I am very picky and this met  my needs. thanks guys keep up the good work. Macaron,  crepes and quiche quintessential French cuisine that they nail.
5	went there for a birthday dinner, my friend was so happy! we couldn't really understand the waitress' english though haha.
4	I like this tiny place.Nice atmosphere and good food. Prices are fair.
4	I can only speak of the quality of the brunch food here- but it definitely hit the spot! The traditional French food was sweet, included a berry crepe, eggs, and a beautifully crispy chocolate croissant- plus the coffee was incredible. The ambience and knowledge of the staff made this place a little slice of France a slice of heaven. The outdoor patio was nice, but a bit small and cramped. And while a bit expensive, I definitely am looking forward to visiting again soon- and I'll try to get a table inside.
4	Excellent ambience, almost like being in Paris again.  Great food, loved our entrees and had a great chocolate mousse for dessert.  Wine selection was really superb.  Will definitely be returning in the near future.
4	www.bigtsreviews.com
4	After emailing the owners, we received a gift certificate for $50, which we used on Sunday brunch today.  We used Open Table to make online reservations and we brought our 2 children ages 8 and 10.  We were greeted at the door, seated immediately, and the food came out fast and was delicious.  Conor was our server and he did a fabulous job.
4	My first time at Paris 66 was wonderful.  I was with a party of 8 and we made a reservation weeks in advance.  Our table was on the back patio thank goodness.  As we walked through the restaurant it was very warm.  Uncomfortably so.Our server was Eric and he really took care of us. All of the food was prepared perfectly and plated with a nice presentation. We shared a couple of appetizers. The pate was very good and the escargot was the best I have ever had. Everyone was happy with the starters and the main courses were perfection. We all are planning on returning soon. Maybe for brunch.
2	Bland, unsalted foods but wonderful drinks. Wish they had more vegetarianBeautiful decor
5	Paris 66 has been getting better over time rather than--as so many restaurants do-- coast on a reputation.  Each of our party of 5 enjoyed well-prepared entrees, found a wine to his/her liking, never felt rushed and loved that our French waitress, Marie, indulged in banter en francaise with great good humor, letting us believe that our bad college French was better than i'm sure it actually was.
5	The food, customer service, and overall experience was fantastic! Recommend a reservation. Very pleased with both of our dining meals!
4	I've eaten here several times, whenever I find myself in Pittsburgh, and it has become one of my favorite places in the city.  The place is quaint and cozy and the food and service is top notch.  What more could you want?  The steak salad, crepes, beet salad, steak and frites...all delicious.
4	A fine french food ,every dish is was with the accurate amount of spices and ingredients and right texture,the music was great and the staff was professional and kind,I will definitely will get back thre on my next visit at Pittsburgh.
5	The food is really fantastic and improving (for example, the foie gras and meat and cheese were recently greatly enhanced and delicious), but I have to focus on the wine. Renaud recently revamped the wine list and made it a truly special study of French wines. Before, the wine was good but so-so. Now, since he has taken over, it is special.  I go often because this is the only place in Pittsburgh to get truly outstanding French wines for a reasonable price. They have carefully selected wines from all over France, but my favorites right now are the Bordeaux, especially the Pomerol from Chateau Vieux Chevrol. They have a special collection of Rhone and Borgogne as well. Also, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the service is second to none. Personable, and very knowledgable. You will feel special and for the time you are there you will feel just a bit French. Go and go often.
4	Service and atmosphere were a 5, my buckwheat crepe was a little dry. Very authentic preparation
5	AMAZING.  Had the Paris 66 crepe.  Prepared perfectly. Flavorful well balanced dish. Crepe was perfect and being buckwheat I expected maybe little dry but not this one. Had to order frites. Sauce was interestingly delicious. My niece had the Bastille and the doll taste was not over powering as sometimes fill can be. Highly recommend.
5	perfect dinner, good waiter and delicious food, will go there again.
4	Excellent food.Wonderful, attentive waitstaff. Some of the clientele that were dining here tonight?pretentious snobs.I could do without them. Otherwise, I will certainly be back again.Try the skate!
3	First time visiting... owners and those in reception area were so friendly and warm. . . atmosphere was very "frenchy" and lovely... Seats were outdoors. . . All was excellent until the WAITRESS ARRIVED. . .  She did not offer any explanation of the menu... curtly took our order, delivered the food, and disappeared... we had to ask another server to get us more coffee(our server finally came over, refilled our cups with tepid coffee - not without spilling it on the table without a whim); when our food came, our server never returned to ask if all was well - did we like the food - if there was anything else - questions we heard other servers in the bistro asking their customers; we were not surprised when the bill was delivered with a "Here."( it was "thudded" onto the table (startling my sister-in-law backwards in her seat)... No matter the ethnicity, "look", etc. of customers, they are the bloodline of any business. . . Dear owners,  don't let any server sabotage your lovely business. . . We'll be back because of the friendly reception we received upon entering. . . however, next time, we'll ask for another waitress. . .  Good luck. . .
4	My wife and I had a great dinner here the other night. It was a Monday night so we were basically the only ones there. I got the French onion soup as my starter dish and it was the best I've ever had! For dinner I got the duck breast crepe (buckwheat/gluten free) which was good. I was expecting a lot more flavor out of it but it definitely wasn't bad. My wife got the Filet Mignon which was great! The red wine sauce was a little overpowering but the meat still tasted amazing. The scalloped potatoes were the star of this dish, they had incredible flavor! The best part of the evening was the chocolate mousse. Holy cow, I could have sat there all night just for that mousse!All in all, we really enjoyed our evening. It was a quick dinner but it worked out really well. The service was excellent (although their french accents had me concentrating a little harder when listening to the specials) and we would definitely go back.
5	I've been looking for a tasty macarons place as I'm new to the area. I loved that when my friend and I walked in all the staff was speaking French and the atmosphere was quaint and charming.I like that you have to ask the macaroon flavor which means their baked fresh daily. I ended up getting a sampler of all 6 flavors to take home. Pistachio is a constant favorite of mine. Although I was blown away by the black and yellow macaroon. I can't remember what exactly he said it's made of but I remember my taste buds were delightfully surprised. I'm definitely going to go back and have afternoon coffee here.
4	I came here pretty hungry on a Saturday evening. I was pleasantly greeted and taken to my seat. The ambiance seemed very nice. My waitress greeted me in French and was very receptive to my French speaking efforts despite my being rusty. For my meal, I ordered the Foie de Gras, Duck Confit, and, for dessert, Chocolate Mousse. The Foie de Gras was absolutely amazing and was probably on of the best items I have ever had. The Duck Confit was tasty but I felt it was maybe too oily and was as a result very heavy and filled me up quick. The Mousse was very good. It was very rich. My total bill was around $66. I did feel this was a bit high although considering the fare it most likely was reasonable.Overall it was a very nice experience. I'd say the highlight was getting to speak French with my waitress who was very accommodating both in serving me and in entertaining my bilingual efforts. Also, the Foie was out of this world. I can see myself returning when I am ready to splurge again.
4	I went for Sunday brunch. The atmosphere was like a quaint corner of Paris, the staff was friendly, and the food was great! And the bistro itself just smelled delicious with all the other plates being prepared.Get some macarons boxed to go as well... amazing authentic French macarons!
3	Went here for a nice dinner. To be honest I had high expectations but I didn't feel like it delivered. The service was very good but the food isn't as good as it should be for the price. It's an average place surrounded by better restaurants like Spoon. I'd try there first.
4	We did breakfast/brunch on Sunday and there was little that wasn't dead on. We have a quiche, two benedicts (one salmon, one spinach), the brunch plate, an omelette, a few croissants on the side, five (great) cafe au laits, and one bloody Mary. The food is exceptional and the service great. The atmosphere and deign of the cafe is inviting and peaceful. Initially, my qualms might have been with the total - $120 - but on reflection is aligns with what we had and the quality of service. A lovely place.
2	The restaurant has their old address on some sites- disconcerting. The atmosphere was cozy and there were many French speaking people there- a good sign for a French bistro. The server was pleasant but slow, our food took over an hour to get to us. The frog legs were bland and my dish was full of broccoli (which wasn't written on its description) I'm allergic to broccoli. The crepe, which I was so excited about because of the crepe machines in the front window, were cold and flavorless. We were disappointed with our meal considering its cost. We probably will not go back
5	Just had the buttermilk pancakes and they were delicious. Whipped butter is always nice. I was seated right away on a Friday morning and the service was very good. I will be back.
2	I really wanted to like this place more. The ambiance and everything is so romantic and cozy but that can't save the review. I ordered La Bastille (spinach, mushroom and bechamel with dill creme fraiche) and was not at all impressed or satisfied with my lunch. The crepe itself was extremely thick, chewy and somehow dry. The filling was bland and I basically ate it because it was $13.
2	Extremely pretentious establishment, especially for Pittsburgh.  The first time we went, I had the duck and my wife had the mussels.  The duck was great, but the mussels were spoiled.  We went back about a month later, and the restaurant was half empty but the hostess said we needed a reservation, so we left and took our business elsewhere.  Last month, we went back, and was almost turned away, but we got a table.  We started with the escargot, which was good, but a repeat of the duck fell short of the first experience.  It was dry and not eatable.  Furthermore, the server was rather rude and acted as if she had better places to be.  Another Pittsburgh restaurant that we will never spend another dime in.
