5	Celine Dions new show at the Caesars is amazing. She is the epitome of a solid performer and her voice is incredible. Do not think she hit one bad note. I went on opening night and we were all given beautiful programs on our chairs saying the date and opening night on them. We were told they were "compliments of Celine". Not sure how many artists can receive a standing ovation just for appearing on stage. She genuinely seemed thrilled to back in Las Vegas which is refreshing after so many interviews of stars not being appreciative of having the residency at the Colosseum. ahem* Cher/Elton. The show is very different from A New Day in that this one is all about the music. It is presented in a very classy and old school Hollywood/Las Vegas way, there is not one dancer. Overall, the show is classy, and beautiful. Celine proved that she is definitely the Queen of Las Vegas. .
3	"Celine" is the new Celine Dion show at The Colosseum of Caesars Palace. After watching "A New Day" on DVD, which was Celine's first stint in Las Vegas, my friends and I spent hundreds of dollars to see her perform live! As you can imagine, we could hardly control our excitement. This show was suppose to be the highlight of our trip! Unfortunately, I left feeling like I was cheated. I understand that many Celine fans will not agree with me. Maybe it was my fault for setting the bar so high. But if you are like me and thought that you will be seeing a show like "A New Day," then I'm here to tell you that you will be underwhelmed with this new show. I have no problem with Celine, who is still as talented as she ever was. My issue with the show was the set list. She only sang a couple of HER songs...the ones that we all know by heart. The rest of her set was made up of her singing covers of other artists. I'm really sorry Celine...but I paid some good money to hear YOU sing YOUR songs...I understand that she's probably bored singing the same songs over and over for so many years...so she wanted to do something new and different. But for me, seeing Celine is a once in a lifetime opportunity and it just fell incredibly short of everything I had imagined it to be. Just so I don't ruin the show for you, you can Wikipedia the show and find the list of songs for yourself. I'm still a huge Celine fan...just not a fan of this new show.
5	This show is AMAZING.  She is an amazing performer.  If you go in expecting it to be just like A New Day then you will walk out disappointed.  This is less of a Cirque du Soleil themed show and more of a classic Las Vegas show.  She knocks it out of the park.  Her set list is a nice changeup from her usual hits also.
5	Best show in Las Vegas!  If you have to see one show in Vegas, this is the show to see!  It's a very different show than her last but I feel it is less clutter and more about her and her voice.  Don't miss it!!!!
4	I gotta say, my taste in music consists of britney spears, vanessa paradis, lady gaga, yeah yeah yeahs, and some designer drugs. But now I have to update that list to include CELINE DION!I never knew how good Celine sang, until I heard her in person! My sister almost cried cause she sang so well! The show did start about 10-15min late so don't be in such a rush when coming. She talks in between songs and her voice just blows you away! I can see why her show is sold out all the time!One thing that did bother me was that all of the songs she sang weren't hers. Like she sang a billy joel song and the theme of goldfinger. If i wanted to hear that, i would just go to a billy joel concert or watch goldfinger. Maybe I'm just bitter cause I wanted Celine to sing all of her own songs like taking chances,I realized that after I watched her show, then I watched 'The Voice' on nbc and I realized everyone sucked on 'The Voice'. Why? Because Celine is 1000 times better. Also, I was so amazed by her voice that I even watched her documentary on youtube, wikied her, and watched her interviews with oprah! God I am such a crazed fan now!
5	I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THE SHOW!I don't really listen to Celine Dion. I decided to go to the show, because my sister and my mother wanted to watch it. The show was scheduled for 7:30. We arrived at the door at around 7:10. There were a lot of people in line waiting to get in. The lines were organized, and within 2 minutes, I was in. The show didn't start until almost 8. Celine Dion was a very good live singer! The stage effect was amazing. There was no intermission. While she's changing, she'd have musicians perform. All the musicians were amazing and unique in their own ways. I definitely recommend this show!
3	My dad had received some free tickets to see Celine's soft opening and decided to pass them along. I am not one to turn down a free show and a part of me has always had a fond spot for divas. So many people raved about her New Day tour, so I thought that this would be a good opportunity to see if still had that stage presence. I am not going to knock the production, because they were still working out the kinks and gauging for reactions. I know I should not be surprised by the list of hits that she has garnered over the years, but she left out quite a few to sing cover songs instead. At the end of the show, the ratio was close to maybe 60/40 or 70/30 of her's to other people's song. I am glad to have seen her live in concert, but it would have been better to see her belt out more of her classic hits. Most of the cover songs did not match her singing style. Also be prepared to sit in your car for quite some time after the show. When the performance ends, the cast and whole amphitheater clears out to a mass traffic jam. It is best to park over at the Bellagio and walk over, get some dinner and drinks, or just walk the Forum Shops until it settles down.
5	I agree with Sandy L.'s review. I loved the performance however I would have preferred if she sang only her songs (not M. Jackson or S. Wonder). Regardless, she is very talented and her performance was very moving.
5	I remember all those years ago during Celine's first run at the Colosseum, my mom dragged me with her to see the show. I was not a fan of Celine's music, but she converted me with her live show. So full of energy and such an amazing amount of talent in such a tiny little person. Years later, I have seen both her new and old show on several occasions and have enjoyed each of them in different ways. She sings a lot of her goodies and there isn't as much dancing and choreography to distract from her singing. She pays tribute to quite a few other famous musicians as well, such as Michael Jackson.I can't sing the praises of this show enough! You have to see it for yourself.
5	I have lived in Las Vegas 21 years and I often take for granted what were offer here. I missed the first 2 years Celine Dion was here but when I learned she was retuning I treated myself  to her show tickets this past August. I was in tears for the first 3 songs. Her energy fills up the whole Colosseum. Even my sweetheart who's not really a fan, loved her show. In January 2012 I will be taking my mother, my mother in law and my 3 sister in law to share this experience with.
5	If you even like Celine you must see this show.  She is both an amazing performer and singer.  I would recommend sitting as close to the stage as you can.
5	I was born in the '90s, but I love Celine. My sister told me she cried at the New Day show and I just laughed at the idea of a concert bringing me to tears. But the intro came on the screen and that alone made me tear up. Then, when she came out on stage, all bets were off. I love how genuine she was and her attention to her orchestra. She did sing a lot of covers, but she picked all my favorite old songs to sing. I don't think I've ever enjoyed something with tears streaming down my face the entire time. PS - Her wardrobe is amazing too!
4	I'm not a Celine fan, even though I'm Canadian.  I saw this show last night for free (thanks, violin friend!) and, after looking up what tix prices are, tried to enjoy the show even more!  I was more impressed than I thought I would be: the lights and visuals were well choreographed, the musicians played VERY well, and Celine didn't show any signs of vocal fatigue or boredom (how many shows does she sing per week???).  To her credit, she came across as fresh and enthusiastic and incorporated some playful banter with the audience while throwing out some (bad!) puns.  :)  ["...a pleasure in every measure..."]Mad props to the musicians-who-played-while-Celine-was-changing-her-dress: solo violinist strolling down the aisle, playing wicked fast Paganini stuff, 3 cellists playing a fantastic Michael Jackson mashup, the fun brass/sax quintet.  As a pianist, I think I enjoyed these fabulous musicians even more than the headliner.  Also enjoyed Celine's "jazz"/Ella-inspired number.  Beautiful gown, btw!Yes: most of the songs sung were covers.  However, Celine sings all of them live, so deal with it.Warning: to those with sensitive ears (me and hubby), the volume is unnecessarily loud.  The high decibel level only revealed the less-than-stellar quality of the loudspeakers and ensured hearing damage to the people present (I'm thinking particularly of the children in the audience, yikes).  Yeah, I know it's a pop/rock-ish concert and I know the sound levels will reflect that, but I do still believe that the decibel levels were approaching dangerously high levels for ear health.  (Again, I'm speaking from a classical musician's perspective, but still....)Glad I went, glad I didn't have to pay $, and astounded by the energy Celine puts forth night after night.  A true professional.
4	Good job Celine!!!! Got me teary on a couple songs):we enjoyed it and I think baby did too because she was dancing the whole show:))
4	In the summer, wifee & I were in Lake Tahoe at the same time Soundgarden were playing. We went, she suffered, I enjoyed and tonight was payback. Celine Dion at The Colosseum. There is no Celine on my iPod, there will never be Celine on my iPod. Celine? Not for me. The Colosseum is a magniificent venue, I believe that Caesars should use it for much more than the rotation of superstars they have on the payroll. Many artists and their fans would enjoy a night at the legendary Caesars Palace. Seating is comfortable, there is not a bad view in the house, the acoustics are very good and there are huge video screens that seem a part of all today's shows. You're welcome Caesars.So Celine? The show is very good, she obviously has a large catalogue of her hits, but she also throws in some Michael Jackson numbers. ( She learned to speak English ONLY after watching MJ! ) . There is a James Bond medley, she cries after singing a French song. It's all very dramatic. I saw a woman in the lobby with some Celine lyrics tattooed on her back!!!' That's a fan.She is skinny and beautiful and with the exception ( IMHO ) of a big shouldered MJ jacket, every costume was beautiful and quite obviously NOT from TJ Maxx. She doesn't dance around as much as her last residency show but there are cute videos of her kids, a prior world tour and she engages the audience very naturally. A true pro. She is one of the all-time great female vocalists and whether you love or you're indifferent to Celine, the show is extremely entertaining, is very popular and is a cast iron certainty to keep the lady in your life happy. Happy wife, happy life. ( Corny but a rule to live by....)
4	Celine's show tickets are not cheap, but after 2 hours seeing her perform you feel like it was money well spent. She is an amazing live singer.  I enjoyed her singing to us her well-known songs and even the mixture of covers. The 31 musician orchestra is just impressive when they first appear behind her on stage. And as some people have mentioned... she has even brought me to tears for a few of her songs. Definitely a show you must see when you are in Vegas!
5	I can't believe I'm saying this... but this was a great show. Great production. Beautiful sets, gowns, images, etc. She had several gown changes, and she looked and sounded beautiful each time. She really is so great live, compared to radio. I think even men would appreciate this show. And if not, you'll probably get lucky with the lady afterwards, so suck it up. I would have put out if my husband took me to this show, although that would be hard since I don't have one. If a Celine song comes on the radio, I turn the station. Quickly. I hate the Titanic song, with every essence of my being. But darnit, this was a good show! I liked the fact that only about half of her songs were radio songs. The other half were remakes. I actually cried when she sang this French song "Ne me quitte pas". Gorgeous. Good thing I was there alone since I was crying like a baby at a Celine concert... how embarrassing.  I know the finale is the Titanic song, so I left. The usher said "you sure you don't want to stay? This is the finale!". I said "is it the titanic song?", and when she replied yes, I said I was leaving just in time. She looked confused, since I think that song is why most people go.   I'm sure it was special, and maybe she magically flew across the stage, or maybe Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet came out and made the letter T with their arms while standing on a large boat on stage, but I guess I'll never know. I wanted to end on a happy note :)
5	Went last summer to see the show. Show was sold out and fans were well behaved. She did interact with some fans who sat up front. Show is incredible. This show isn't offered from those timeshares or even half off tickets. If you're a fan, go see her. It's expensive but well worth it.
5	For my 100th Yelp review, I had to do something special. For me, this show is about as special as it gets. I will begin by saying that I have been a very big fan of Celine as a vocalist for at least 15 years. However, I don't always love her own musical material itself, so I'd beg to say that my review is at least not completely biased. While I wouldn't by any means change the radio station if a song of hers came on, I don't tend to listen to stations that play them either.The amazing thing about Celine is only discovered when you see her live. While almost every single performing artist today is auto-tuned and their live sound mixed with prerecorded, Celine's voice is unadulterated and unparalleled. This show gives Celine the venue to step outside of the box that the industry has, at least in the past, kept her in. She covers songs by Eartha Kitt, Michael Jackson, Billy Joel, Janice Ian, and Jacques Brel to name a few. Her rendition of Goldfinger and Ne Me Quitte Pas are bone chilling. Visually this show is also very appealing with an onstage orchestra, video feeds, and holograms. Usually when I go to Las Vegas I see Celine more than once. (I did say that I am a very big fan) However, on my most recent trip, my mother, who is a classic rock fan who abhors female vocalists in general, accompanied me. She knew that there was no getting out of seeing Celine's show, but I compromised and only bought tickets for one night instead of two. Much to both our surprise, she enjoyed Celine so much that SHE was the one who instigated seeing the show again the very next night. Needless to say, even non-fans will appreciate and greatly enjoy this production.If you're in Vegas, Celine should not be missed!TIP: At one point during the show Celine enters the audience and walks down the isle between sections 3 and 4 of the front orchestra. She stops and sings for a bit around row JJ. If you want to be able to see the diva up close and personal, sit in the vicinity.
5	WOW!!!   I came away from this deeply impressed:* amaaaazing songstress* nostalgic & impressive songs, duets, and paid-homage* entertaining interludes while she changed dresses* brightly-imaginative set design!...this was def 5-stars* flawless execution* terrible Canadian humor (lol)* moving performanceTotally worth the experience (and every penny if you're not one to splurge on live concerts)~!
5	Last evening I was the guest of my dear wife, for Celine concert, at the Colosseum. I will fully admit that although I've heard all the rave reviews I wasn't sure what to expect...I can't say I'm a fan and needless to say i do not have a Celine "Pandora" station.There isn't a bad seat in the house and thanks to (you know who you are) we had a great view quite close to the bar and restrooms.So here goes...OMG...I was totally and utterly blown away. Easily, YES, Easily one of the BEST concerts I have ever been to. Her voice just pierces right through you, the production, clothing changes and supporting crew are beautiful. The show moved along smoothly with songs running the gamut. She was funny, sincere, and some of the little tricks her team put on the stage will remain untold, as only those who see the show should be privy.Her renditions of music by Billy Joel and others were wonderfully done and she nailed every note, of every song.My personal Favorite was her rendition of "At Seventeen" by Janis Ian. Simply magical.Sometimes in life the most gracious of things are just meant to be and come so naturally. Celine is all of that and effortless on stage.Celine, thank you for a most wonderful and entertaining evening, you were a true delight and anyone who does not catch this show is really missing out.CheersYour newest fan.
5	I had not really paid much attention to Celine since Titanic, but Celine was on my friend's bucket list, so I was honored when she asked me to go see Celine with her.  As soon as Celine started singing, I was immediately reminded of the reason why she still had so many fans after all these years.  She was simply amazing!  Her voice was emotional and strong.  She sent goose bumps up my arm.  This was one of the best performances I've been too.  In addition to her flawless voice, Celine's interaction with her audience felt surprisingly intimate for such a large space.  You felt like she was talking with you over a cup of coffee.  She shared stories about her husband and kids.  She was personable, funny, and completely genuine.  She was sincere and gracious to her audience the entire evening.  Yes, she had on the fancy Vegas gowns, but when she spoke, there was not a hint of pretentiousness at all.  This is a refreshing change from current female performers who call themselves "divas" and demand this and that from everyone.  How did that become an acceptable way to behave?   They need to learn some things from Celine.Anyway, I really enjoyed listening to Celine perform, and I walked away very impressed by her as a person.
5	Great seats, great venue ... Celine's voice was amazing live.  The acoustics of the Colosseum really enhanced her voice.  Overall one of the best concerts I have ever been to.  Glad to have seen Celine live at least once in my life.
5	I'm not a big fan of Celine.  I know she can really sing but I'm a fan of songwriters.  So when I see someone like her raking in the money for music she didn't write, I feel like I'm supporting the idea that it's better to be pretty than creative.My parents wanted to see this show and I love the Forum Theater and so I said what the hell.  Was I ever in for a surprise.  Apparently Celine knows that her personal music can only get her so far and so she created an evening touching upon every hit worth hearing combined with a smart collection of covers.  To reveal the covers would really ruin your experience, and so I'll say she really did something for everyone.The production values of the show have no challenger.  Honest.  Cirque O might have better production values, but that's an underwater circus where this is only supposed to be a babe and her pipes in concert.  Again, I don't want to spoil, but I would hazard to say James Cameron would not fall asleep during this technologically elaborate show.I think the best way I can approach a review here is to discuss what didn't work.  Understand there wasn't much that missed.   Lighting, staging, orchestra, solo singers, costumes -- everything was beyond top notch.  Seriously. One thing that was lacking was the Stevie Wonder song.  It was too vanilla a choice.  I'd cut it entirely and replace it with a tribute to Donna Summer -- using the same special 'effect'.  Perhaps ENOUGH IS ENOUGH as a duet.  It would be really touching because we just lost Donna too soon.  She was so deserving of a Caesars Palace show of her own.  Not to mention Celine could steal a little thunder from Babs.Another minor misfire was the Carole King song which wasn't a classic oldie but instead a merely run of the mill modern composition for Dion.  It didn't suck, but if you weren't told it was Carole King you'd never guess it.   Off that same Celine album is a far better song called 'Immortality' written by Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees.  The song only grows on you each time you hear it.  (Go find it on YouTube if you've never heard it.  Find the track where Celine sings it with them.)Come to think of it, I wasn't a big fan of the French song.  I don't mind the idea of French lyrics, but it seemed terribly melodramatic.  A bit overwrought, though I'll grant it was perfectly performed.The rest of the show was amazing.  From online sources I've learned Celine pulled TWO Michael Jackson songs.  That's smart.  Firstly, Ben and Man In The Mirror were weak choices.  Worse, I kinda feel Celine has an issue with stealing thunder.  I especially got this feeling bad during the Adele cover.  I'm like, look, let her have THAT song, okay?  It's her signature song.  Would Celine like it if Adele did the Titanic song every performance?  I didn't think so.  So having the three soloists do the Jackson tribute was far more clever and generous to his memory.Otherwise, one of the best show's I've ever seen.  Or will ever see.  And, again, I'm not even that big a fan of Celine.  But I know I became a bigger fan.
3	Honestly, I'm not gonna lie. I was expecting more. I'm one of the biggest Celine Dion fans out there. It took me years to be able to finally go to her concert and when she made a return I bought my ticket. What I had seen and heard before in her concert were dancers, special affects, pianos up in the air, and much more. This year however, it was just her and her orchestra and I have to say I was a little disappointed. The couple in front of us were stretching and that should not ever happen at a Celine Dion concert. She didn't sing some of her most famous songs. I mean of course she has an extraordinary voice and it takes your breath away but I was expecting much more from her concert. It was nothing like what she would do before.
5	When I first heard Celine was going to be in Vegas, I had no desire to see her show. I heard over the years that the show was actually pretty cool. My wife had it on her bucket list so we gave it a shot. It turned out to be a fantastic show. She made it more of a production than just a concert and sounded just as good live as she does recorded. We had seats in the front row of the 1st balcony and would recommend them. Obviously the closer to the stage the better but you will pay for it. We paid 140/ticket for our seats and were satisfied with the price to view.
5	Celine Dion was absolutely worth every $$$ spent. Her concert was the best ever.The extras like the special violin player and her coming into the audience was so personal. We did not want the concert to end. The concert was 90 minutes and we could have stayed longer. Do not miss Celine Dion, if you get a chance.
3	This was a great show.  Celine was absolutely breathtaking when she took the stage.   However, Stevie Wonder,  give me the real thing.  Her emotional ending... give me a break.  How do you manage to cry at every performance?
5	GREAT SHOW! love it! she sings beautifully!
4	I love Celine and the reason why I didnt give her show 5 stars was because she sang a lot of cover songs. If I paid $250 I wouldve been upset. Shes an amazing singer and has a great tracklist. So i was expecting her to sing her songs, other than that, that was my only complaint. She's awesome and if you dont mind cover songs, then by all means go see her show.
5	This review is for July 2004! Yes, it was a long time ago but I remember it like it was yesterday!My family and friends all pitched in and gave me one of the best 21st birthday gift ever: A ticket to see Celine Dion live in Vegas! I was so excited! Being a huge fan of Celine for many, may years, my dream was to see her in concert. That dream came true on my 21st birthday - and it was my first trip to Vegas. Talk about memorable!Celine's concert was absolutely amazing. Her voice was pure breathtaking and she sang all if not most of her hits. I had so much fun singing along with her throughout the concert, yes, I even sang along to her french song :) Celine and her crew put on an awesome performance! The dancers and musicians were remarkable! The stage was stunning. Obviously built for Celine and concerts, trees and stairs appeared out of the ground making each and every performance so amazing. Celine's costume changes were beautiful! The Colosseum at Caesars is so beautiful. It's gigantic and built well. We sat pretty far back and we were still able to see and enjoy the show.  There was a huge crowd and the staff handled it well, directing people where their seats were located and being there to help with any questions. They made everyone who had cameras check in their camera because no cameras were allowed in. I had just bought my camera for this concert and I was pretty upset I had to check it in - and I was afraid they'd lose it! After I checked in my camera we went to order cocktails and my, how expensive! What do you expect though right? We ordered four drinks, one in a specialty Celine Dion cup and the bill came out to be close to $70 with tip! After the concert, I was able to get my camera back with no problems. I was a very happy camper!I would totally see Celine in Vegas again one day. I'm checking out other shows and concerts too so once I see all the shows on my list, I'll come back and see Celine for sure. I actually saw her when she performed in Sacramento and I got to meet her and take pictures with her! WINNING!!
2	If you are already a fan of La Quebecoise, you'll adore this show.  But if you have half a brain and even a modicum of good taste, you will find this show a fawning 90-minute salad tossing of Celine's well-manicured spot-lit butthole. I kept checking the seat-back pocket for a barf bag, but alas, all I found was a used Kleenex and instructions on how to flee the theatre in the event of massive ego implosion!Speaking of ego, the onslaught begins the very moment one steps over the threshhold into the lobby, which is home to one of the most astonishingly hubristic creations on the face of the Earth: a life-sized wax mannequin in the likeness of Ms. Dion, with which you can have your photo taken.!!!!!!!!This photo comes at a steep price, of course. No personal photos are allowed with La Mannequin, ostensibly because the proceeds go to some half-baked charity to fund silk tampons and golden buttplugs for African orphans. But in reality, despite her humble hug-the-world shtick, CelineDionInc. is as money-grubbing as the next manufactured susperstar -- if not more! You think all the Botox, colonics and flaxen extensions are free??  Unlike her previous show, A New Day, which featured sad clowns and assorted Frenchery to engage non-fans who were dragged along by their wives and girlfriends, THIS show itself is 100% Celine -- all Celine, all the time. So if you're not a fan, better pop a tab of acid before going in, or you'll be bored out of your gourd. Because all this show consists of is Celine in a bunch of different beautiful outfits, singing a bunch of different songs. Admittedly, her voice is amazingly powerful. But so is a boxing kangaroo. YAWN! For me, the most puzzling aspect of the Celine Enigma has always been the spiritual bankruptcy of her lyrics -- shallow and utterly devoid of real pathos. But ASTONISHINGLY, the endless parade of gimps and rejects who worship Celine somehow take this soulless, meaningless pap to heart. "Celine understands ME!" No, she doesn't.  She doesn't write her own fuckin' lyrics, she just parrots the hypercommercial gibberish her brandmasters puts in front of her. This is PAINFULLY apparent during one particular segment of the show, when she sings Janis Ian's "At Seventeen" -- an anthem for awkward ugly ducklings everywhere. I ask you, what the fuck does Madame Superstar, famous, wealthy and adored since the age of 11, know about teen angst? If the gimps who constitute her fanbase had half a fucking brain, they'd see thru this blatant pandering in a hot second. Instead, they're wadding snotty Kleenex in those seatback pockets and mortgaging their motorized scooters to buy t-shirts and crystal shoe-horns in the gift shop. The HUMANITY!!!"Celine" is like paying $250 to watch the figure on top of a wedding cake spew a fountain of sentimental claptrap for 90 minutes. If that's your bag, I truly pity you.
5	My mother wanted to see Celine.  I told my friends I was going "ironically."  She blew my mind!  5 stars, a must see.
5	This is the second time we went to see her sing and I think this performance was even better than the last time.  Her band and back up singers were bang on.  At one point she walked right in front of us before going down to the stage to sing her next number.  I liked the part where there is a slide show of her kids growing up.  She has at least 4 costume changes and she looked amazing.  The whole performance from start to finish is captivating and she even had the audience dancing when she sang "Rolling in the Deep".   If you get the chance, definitely go see her perform.  She won't disappoint.
5	I've seen Celine perform in Las Vegas three times. Never disappointed! Talent, Creativity, Costumes etc, etcDon't waste your money or time seeing anything less than this show!
1	We got an email notice 24 hours before our concert date that it was cancelled -- no explanation, no help in getting tickets to other shows.We bought the tickets months in advance, and when we received the cancellation notice, it was really too late to get decent seats to another show. I'll never try to go see Celine in concert again.
4	Oh yea... she definitely rocked it.  Different covers ranging from James Bond to Adele, what is there not to love? She hasn't aged a BIT!! Keep it up Celine and hope to see you again soon!
5	I've seen her already once in Geneva and ever since then I couldn't wait to see her again!! I am probably not the most objective kind of gal but she blew me away. Her interpretation of ne me quitte pas had me in tears and even my "I'm not a Celine fan" hubby couldn't wait to participate in the standing ovation after this song!I was a little afraid that my hubs may be a little bored during the concert (u know it's not some manly music after all) but he LOVED it!!  Beautiful beautiful beautiful MERCI !
5	It was an amazing experience to see my childhood superstar sing right in front of me. Her dresses and shoes were to die for. Her voice...no other like that! Beautiful stage and lighting effects. Worth seeing for sure!
5	How do you describe an intimate atmosphere with one of the greatest singers? That's how it felt on a Saturday evening in a full concert hall with Celine Dion. She looked and sounded amazing - her voice sounded just like in the albums I had there were 10+ years past. She started with classics, then cover songs including Beauty and the Beast, James Bond's Goldfinger, and Adele, and then a few other songs, a French song, and with the encore the theme from Titanic. In between costume changing and set changes, her long-time musicians did solo or group performances so it never felt there was a break in the 90 minute show. It was truly a magical event and we hope that she will go back on tour again and do the stadium events as she did in the past as this concert felt more of an intimate concert (aka MTV unplugged).
5	Gosh, what a beautiful show!  I'm not the biggest fan of hers on earth but it was a lovely performance.  Her dresses are AMAZING! TITANIC FINALE!!!!!!!
5	Saw this show on Sunday. I've been a fan for years and have seen her a few times. I'm more a fan of her voice than I am her. I think that she's a total drama queen and I believe her tears are fake. I think she's in love with Celine. (check out Sarah's review. She is right on). So why the five stars? Celine has one of the best voices ever. She's a great entertainer. We sat in the fifth row (right orchestra next to stage) and it was one of the most awesome concert experiences I've ever had. I'm not sure that I would have felt that way in different seats. It was a great experience. I'm a fan.
5	I'm a huge fan and I love her. like seriously LOVE HER. but her fans are crazy, trust me cuz I'm a fan too and I know I'm not exactly stable myself! Also, you get what you pay for, in ticket prices, so if you pay for a cheap seat, you'll be surrounded by ghetto fans that do nothing but talk through the entire show. I am going back in December to see her again, and next time I will be fronting up the money to pay for Orchestra or Rear Orchestra seats. The show itself is amazing, I don't need to tell you that. What I do need to tell you, is to bring some tissue with you cuz you will cry or at least get welled up, and to at least dress up, this is CELINE DION, not some hokey pokey "diva" like Gaga or Madge. Also, please don't sing along.. just mouth the words, it's more tolerable. If I had more money, I'd see her every weekend. That's how much I love her. Another tip: if you plan on buying show merchandise, do it before the show, not after. The lines are ridiculous afterwards, and they'll run out of stock FAST.
5	OK, as a singer myself, obviously amateur, I thought she screamed too much.. After watching the show, i was so impressed.  She has amazing vocal control.  She was flawless.  Her James Bond segment was as good as Shirley's original.  Her version of Ne Me Quuitte Pas was tear jerking, since I am fluent in French.  I am going back  to seer her again.  Oh, if only she would let me sing When I Fall in Love as a duet, I would die in Heaven.  Her ability to command the stage was amazing.   I can't wait to see her again.
5	YAY! I finally got to watch Celine live at Caesars Palace before she finally leaves! Since I was a kid, my parents would play her music in the car over and over and that's how I was found out about Celine Dion and grew up with her music since she debut in the early 90's My mom bought the cheapest tickets for Celine, so we were in the 3rd balcony, way on the top of the Coliseum. The last time I was here was when I was watching Cher back in 2007 and we were in the floor seats but those cost me $160 + tax + fees = $$$  In the beginning of the show, they show slides of her family and how she became famous. She'd make jokes here and there and one about her husbands gambling problem and that made me laugh. Glad she has a sense of humor and isn't fake like some music artists. Celine's voice was very natural (NO AUTO TUNE) and when she belt out high notes when she sang her song, it just brings me back in my early years listening to her and music. She sang some of her classic songs like:+ Beauty and the Beast (My favorite Disney Song - 1991)+ The Power of Love (Classic - 1990)+ Where does my heart beat now? (Classic - 1988)+ It's all Coming Back to me now (Classic - 1996)+ Because you loved me  (Classic - 1996)+ My heart will go on (My favorite song - 1997)+ Overjoyed ( Duet with Stevie Wonder - Digital Duet)+ Some French Song (She got very emotional when she sang it) + And some others songs that I'm not aware of but it was a good mix with the old and new.Like everyone said, she is a great entertainer and loves her fans very much and always wants to put on her best performance. I'm just glad she didn't have any problems with her throat like she did in her past Caesars concerts.
5	In keeping in line with a PG trip with my parents to Vegas earlier this year, we decided to get tickets to see Celine Dion at Caesar's Palace.When I was younger, I memorized the lyrics to all of her songs and would sing them all around the house.  Celine Dion, Mariah Carey, and Whitney Houston are the greats and I didn't want to miss an opportunity to see one of the greatest of our time.Celine's concert is held in the The Colosseum at Caesars Palace.  It is a big venue and although we were in Vegas on sort of a slow week (New Year's had just passed), the whole Colosseum was PACKED!The stage is big, but try to sit closer to the stage so you can see Celine in DETAIL! :) She sings her top hits and she also added in some Adele, Goldfinger, and a French song (which brought me to tears!)  I have been to a few shows in Vegas (O, Le Reve, Wayne Brady, Penn & Teller, Zumanity) and I would rank Celine's show as being one of the BEST I have ever seen.  The visual effects, her VOICE (which is flawless!), and her interaction with the crowd all made this show great!   I would definitely recommend you catch her show at least once to witness one of the greatest of our time perform!TIP #1: Bring binoculars if you aren't able to get a good seat.TIP #2: You cannot bring professional cameras in the facility.  They will place it in storage for you until you get out of the show, so take note!
5	Brel's Ne me quitte pas....so incredibly haunting and soul scorching! Yes, i wrote down and learned all of the lines from that song. Hands down, singularly, for me, the very best performed show that I have seen. Celine's concert rivals Cirque's O for me. Moved my soul, the way she brings hers to the forefront through her voice. That live orchestra.... and the mean drinks! wowzas
5	I'm shocked at how much I enjoyed Celine's show... I expected a "6" and she delivered a "10." I thought I wouldn't know many of her songs, but I recognized everything-- both her hits (you'd be surprised how many you know; I was!) and a bunch of classics that everyone knows. And she sang LIVE and she sounded GREAT. The only thing that was a little off was the scripted banter between her and her musical director-- they're not actors and it was pretty stiff and obviously the same every night, but whatever. The singing was terrific, the staging was great, the band was top-notch and crazy talented (especially during the little breakouts while Celine was doing costume changes) and the show was super entertaining. To my surprise, I would have to say this is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5	Her voice is amazing!!! So beautiful and heart warming. She can smoothly transit from gentle to strong emotions. She sounded better in person than on the CD. She is truly a great singer, performer, and entertainer. The show was very creative with all the dancing, stage design, lighting, and the transitions. The whole show was telling a story and it somehow flowed smoothly. Kudos to the producers and creative director. Definitely a must see in Vegas!!!
4	Amazing Orchestra!  Cheesy jokes.  When she sings her own songs, its fantastic!  Long transitions...Overall a very good time!!!
2	I wanted to see Celine Dion sing Celine Dion songs, that didn't happen, she sang covers most of the time? Her voice is great, the orchestra was awesome, back-up singers were excellent, but whoever decided singing a duet with holograms should be fired. I wouldn't recommend this show unless they changed the cell phone ban and one could entertain oneself with a smartphone.
4	The show is good... But for the price, we were not expecting a 1h15 show, with some breaks and other artists singing. Nevertheless, we do recommend the show, this is still one of the good ones on the strip. Celine Dion was sharing some of her life stories, which made it very lively. She still has an incredible voice! And the sound quality at the Colosseum is really amazing.
1	EXTRAORDINARY  disappointment!!  My wife and I planned a week long Vegas trip and the highlight of the trip was going to be the Celine Dion concert.  We've been married for 23 years, love her music, and have many fond memories of her songs at different times in our relationship.  We planned the evening in detail with a nice dinner as Caesars' Palace, had just the right amount of alcohol to make the evening a memorable one, and things were perfect when we took our seats.  We had splurged on the tickets and spent more than we should have to get good seats.The first sign of things to come was her opening with a Journey song.  The rest of the evening followed that pattern with her singing everyone else's songs but her own.   I didn't count, but I think she ended up only singing 3 or 4 or her original hits, with one of them being the encore song.  Other than that the entire concert consisted of her singing songs other artists have made famous, or songs I had never even heard of before.  At one point she sang a song in French that I had never heard of before, and it completely floored me that she would spend part of the evening singing something that I'm sure the overwhelming majority of the audience had never heard before.  I seriously almost fell asleep during that song.With all the concerts Celine has performed I'm sure she's bored with her own music and truly enjoys singing other people's songs.  She has an amazing voice and actually sang many of those songs better than the original artists, including a James Bond medley.  Unfortunately, I didn't go to her concert to hear her sing other artists' songs.  I went to her concert to hear her original hits and re-live those precious moments my wife and I shared when we first heard each of her hits.  It was truly exasperating to continue to hear, over and over, songs that weren't her original hits.One of my favorite songs is "A New Day Has Come", which is a song about her first son.  I was so excited when she started talking about her kids and I thought it would be a lead- in to this song.  It turned out that it was only a lead-in to someone else's song (I think she said it was a Billy Joel song) that I had never heard before.Unfortunately I let myself get overly excited for this event and it was easily one of the most disappointing things I've experienced in quite some time, especially considering the money we spent on it, which ended up being a complete waste.If you're only goal is to go to a concert and just hear the amazing voice of Celine Dion and don't care what songs she sings I would highly recommend this concert.  On the other hand, if you're like me and your goal is to hear Celine sing her original hits your money would be better spent on ITunes.Following the concert my wife did some research on the Internet that I wish we had done prior to purchasing the tickets and found many blogs with the same comments above.  My wife also found her "Set List" of the songs she's singing.  I would recommend everyone Google this list prior to purchasing tickets.  At least you will then know what you're getting into.  I guess that's why many of the seats in the Mezzanine and balcony level were empty.  Hopefully her music director will encourage her to go back to her roots and sing the songs that everyone has come to know and I'm sure would prefer to hear.  If not, I hope the management at Caesars Palace intervenes and mandates that she sings original hits instead of a the cover songs she's currently choosing.
3	Celine's singing is AMAZING!  Her pitch perfect sustained notes that never turn sharp or flat.... she truly is a gifted singer.  She sounded just like her recordings.However, the show was slightly boring.  It is nothing like her first show, directed by Franco Dragone which had more theatrical and in my opinion more entertaining elements.  This show is completely Celine with her band behind her onstage.  While they are all very talented, it just wasn't entertaining enough for the entire show.If you are a Celine fan and are ok with just her performing, then I recommend the show.
5	In a word: AMAZING.Have to say I was spellbound from beginning to end (we saw the show on August 11th). Admittedly, I didn't expect to be. I expected to mentally critique the show and Celine based on my many preconceived notions, yet I found my judgment quieted, my inner child enlivened, and my emotions bared. From the first moment Celine appeared on stage I found her presence both warm and welcoming. She was much more human and accessible than I imagined she would be. I found the songs she sang to be poignant to my life and experience and, thus, very thoughtfully and emotionally engaging. She sang so many songs: Open Arms, Because You Loved Me, Beauty and the Beast, Rolling in the Deep, Goldfinger, Ne me quitte pas, My Heart Will Go On, and more. All the while her voice was powerfully flawless. Every note seemed pitch perfect and every song perfectly executed. Her voice resonates right through you. Far from robotic, she was reserved and feisty, demure and sexy, vulnerable and strong, and so much more. From the opening video (prior to her arrival on stage) to her final number I was utterly enthralled. I felt like crying on numerous occasions and I was initially dumbfounded by my emotional reaction. In the moment and after the fact I realized it was because the songs she chose and her delivery of them were very emotionally wrought and touching. They brought many of my own emotional memories to vivid life in a heartwarming way. Celine took me on a wonderful journey and her concert was the highlight of our recent trip. Truth be told, I think her concert was the best I've ever seen and I will certainly see it again if I find myself in Vegas again during its run.BOTTOM LINE: If you love Celine you will surely love this show. Leave your expectations at the door and you will likely enjoy this show all the more. Celine Dion is a must-see for anyone who loves incomparable vocal talent. SIDE NOTE: It's ironic to read others' negative reviews regarding Celine covering other artists' songs when she easily outperformed the original artists with her beautiful renditions. A bit more ironic are the personal attacks aimed at the validity of her singing the songs she did when many--if not all--of the songs were drawn from her interests, emotions, or life. Perhaps most ironic are the critiques founded on the relative simplicity of the show--as if such a talented individual needs the same spectacle as some of the other Vegas shows (many of which use spectacle and distraction in an attempt to compensate for lacking talent)?
5	I saw Celine for the 7th. time on wednesday August 14th. This was the first time I'd seen one of her shows without a chorus of dancers.. The focus was more on CELINE! She has never needed dancers to accentuate her show or herself.. She is the GREATEST!!
5	A must see show in Vegas!When looking to purchase tickets a few weeks ago, I was a bit hesitant to go see this show. From other reviews and sneak peaks on youtube, I thought this was going to be Celine Dion sitting in a chair singing to me for 90 minutes. This was not the case! From the first minute to the very end, I thoroughly enjoyed her performance.  Tip: If you plan on seeing this show, I do suggest purchasing tickets in advance. The theater was almost completely sold out when I went. I called AXS (the ticketing company) and actually chose the precise seat, in the row, in the section that I wanted. If you use their online system, it will automatically select seats for you, which might not be the best available for the price you are looking to pay for.
4	I always wanted to see Celine Dion perform when she had he previous residency, but it never came to fruition. Fortunately for me, my BFF Lily L. really wanted to see the show while visiting from NYC, so she bought us tickets and basically made the decision for me. Yay! On 07/05/2013, we came to The Colosseum to attend "Celine." I have to mention that although I like Celine Dion and have a lot of respect for her, I wasn't overly excited for the show. But, let me tell you, when she sang all my favorite tunes that I listened to during my childhood, her extremely moving performance of her favorite French song, and the amazing "My Heart Will Go On" closing - I was in love. The Titanic theme has been so overplayed that I didn't even want to hear it, but her voice hasn't changed one bit and it was so awesome. Plus the dancing water spectacular that accompanied it? My mouth was on the floor because it was that cool. She has so much energy, it's so awesome.This show is a must, even if you are only slightly a fan. Would I recommend it over other shows in Las Vegas? No, but perhaps in addition to others. Whatever the most rear section is, don't sit there. I would have liked to have a closer view of her. Ooh, there is a wax version of Celine available prior to the show for photo ops! Take advantage since she goes away before the show ends.
5	Well what can I say....it was CELINE DION!  Bought tickets for my daughter as a graduation present, because Celine is her favorite singer.  We had great seats, and even though the theater holds 4000, it seemed more intimate.  Celine's performance was amazing.  She really connects with her audience, and shares a lot of her personal life.  Her devotion to her husband, children, and her work are clearly presented by her.  I can honestly say she sings better in person than on a recording.  She never missed a note, a beat, or anything else for that matter.  A true professional who loves what she does. We were floating when the show was over.  Worth every penny! (And she performed My Heart Will Go On as the closing song!)
4	Celine is phenomenal.  Honestly, she is probably the best live performer still around, and her voice is as powerful as ever.  Even if you're not a Celine fan, you will appreciate what a phenomenon she really is when she hits those powerful high notes.  She is awesome.  To be honest, her stage presence in between songs (the jokes and the dialogue) were very scripted and very weak.  In that sense, I have seen much better "entertainers" than her.  She also performed a large number of covers of other artists' songs.  While good, I was left wanting more Celine songs.  She also had about 5 costume changes which took up time, and left me wishing they had removed at least one or two of those and had another song of hers.  All in all, it was an awesome show, worth every penny.  As someone else mentioned, if you're a huge fan and can afford it, you need to get tickets on the front row towards the right side, as she will come down and shake hands with you.
5	SPECTACULAR. If you are a Celine fan, this is a do not miss show
3	Beautiful show, though far too short and a little too well rehearsed, particularly her commentary on the songs, which does take away from the impact (esp when you have heard her say the exact same intros in old documentaries)
5	How could anyone be disappointed with Celine.  She could be standing there in a brown paper bag and that beautiful voice will still be the same.  I saw her first round at the coliseum in 2007 I loved every minute of it.  That show had great dancers and Celine put on a very good show.  I say "Show" because that's what it felt like.  This show that I went to on January 11, 2014 was more of Celine and the music.  I took my mother to see the show.  She has always wanted to see her and  was thrilled.  She enjoyed it so much she cried at the beginning, in the middle and at the end.  It moved her that much.  I was extremely overtaken with emotion when Celine sang Ne Me Quittee Pas.  I couldn't not take my eyes off of her while she sang this beautiful french song.  She had refused to sing it in the past because she felt she could not do the song justice.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME? In my opinion she sings it better thanJacques Brel.  AMAZING!  I'm so sorry to see her leave again in March.  Can't wait to see her again.
5	This woman is an angel with vocals chords of gold lol. Loved her show!!! She's stunning and had class. It was about 2 hours long and it did seem a little short, but her vocal chords can only take so much especially when she's doing a show almost every night. This show is for people with true appreciation for music and arts. If you find it boring then you might as well go to a concert that has brain damaging repetitive lyrics.
5	we took my parents to watch Celine's concert inside Caesar's Palace and I was beyond impressed.For a one woman show she is such a powerful performer and her presence fills the whole theater (and its a really really big theater)We sat in the second Mezzanine so all the way at the top - view wasn't too bad but our tickets were still almost $120 after taxes and fees so not that cheap. I do not regret it at all!!!!!She sang some classics and she also did some new numbers. They also showed a video montage at the beginning that really let her audience see her as a mom and it was very personal and sincere.If you're looking for a show with a lot of dancers and extravagant visual effects this is not the show for you.Although there were some really cool lighting and backdrop things going on the real focus is really on Celine. She is amazing, as a person, a performer, I literally had tears in my eyes for each song she performed.The show was supposed to start at 7:30 pm, it started closer to 7:45 pm and it went to about 9:20 pm. She also does an encore performance.If you are in Vegas and you like Celine or hate Celine, if you have any interest in music this show is a MUST see.I'm glad I got to check this one off my bucket list I just wish I could afford a seat on the lower floor (those people got to reach out and shake her hand during one of her song entrances.)
3	I think if you are a total Celine fan, you'd love this show. But if you are a casual fan, it's just a-ok.The Colosseum is a large theatre, but it is set-up in such a way that there really isn't a bad seat in the house. Our seats were in the 2nd mezzanine and we had a great view of the stage. However, there were times were musicians and Celine were performing / entered from an aisle - and all of that happened below us and out of our sight. But that was only twice during the show, so we didn't miss much.The sound quality was good, but not as good as other theatres around Vegas.When you enter the theatre, you have to pass through metal detectors. It's a much more intense screening than other theatres in Vegas.There is no seating yourself. You absolutely must be seated by an usher. So be prepared to wait for a bit before getting to your actual seats. Additionally, if you arrive late or leave for a restroom break or anything during the show, you will be held back and not seated until the end of a song. Which is definitely something I appreciated.There are bars and restrooms located on each level.Exiting the theatre took significantly longer than any other Vegas show I've been to. Tip: Skip the escalator and go for the stairs or elevator.The show started off with a video of Celine on her last tour and ended with her announcement of the Vegas residency. There was lots of footage of her and her kids.The stage set-up was rather simple. A lot simpler than I was expecting. I had anticipated a major production. But while there were stage set-up and costume changes, they were all mild and nothing extravagant. Celine talked a lot. The setlist had most of the well-known hits included. But other than the hits, I found myself almost bored.  And I even own several of her albums. Her backing band was great and rather large. The Michael Jackson interlude was strange, but the musicians were great. The projection duet with Stevie Wonder was strange too. And I didn't particularly care for the whole James Bond portion. But the beginning and end were awesome. The grand finale, of course, was "My Heart Will Go On" and had the best theatrics of the night.So overall, sitting in the cheap seats was worth it. It's a good show. My mom would probably have found amazing. But I give it 3 stars. A good show, but not worth splurging big or seeing repeat performances.
2	It pains me to give this such a low score because I am a HUGE Celine Dion fan - have all her records! The reason I am giving this a low score is because too much of the show was Celine singing song from other artists, versus her own hits.  Maybe she is tired of singing those songs or wants to pay homage to the artists that inspired her. But I paid top dollar because I wanted to hear HER hits - and left disappointed. So disappointed in fact that I didn't bother to stop in the gift store to purchase souvenirs like I usually do when I am on an emotional high after leaving a concert that makes me feel good. Yes her singing is stellar - she could sing the yellow pages and it would SOUND good but would you want to hear that?  And far too many of the songs she covered   were slow, somber, even a bit depressing - (Janis Ian's at 17 for example).  Not really the mood I want to be in while in Vegas.  Great production, poor playlist. There was a segment where she subjected us to home movies of her kids, which I might have enjoyed if she sang a cover song that she is noted for such as  "The first time ever I saw your face." But instead she picked the slowest, least known song by Billy Joel. ( I am a Billy Joel fan and had never heard that song).I wish I had seen her when she did her A New Day concert which appeared to be much more upbeat. Also there is a beautiful mannequin of Celine Dion inside and  it would have been great to take a photo beside it and put on my facebook page. But NO. You can't take a photo - unless you want to pay the photographer to take it for you with the money going to "charity".  I felt like I was being nickled and dimed.
5	Celine is totally a powerhouse, her show was amazing and the rule makes sense since respecting her as an artist. Great songs, great orchestra and set list
3	A decent concert but not as amazing as it could have been. Not a bad show but I'm glad I was given free tickets. I felt bored a couple times to be honest. I would have been disappointed if I had to pay to go. Her talent- 5 Stars. Beautiful voice, yes. But, I don't know... I guess I was just expecting better.
5	Wow !  Blew me away. Celine is engaged with the audience. Her voice perfect all the way through. The musical production is perfect. The artistic production amazing!  She has a 27 member orchestra and 3 backup singers. She did several costume changes. You will not be disappointed. I saw people of all ages in attendance. She is sincere, entertaining and talented.
5	Beautiful show, would go again. My husband doesn't even like Celine all that much and he loved it!Great music, cool theatrics, beautiful theater. We are locals and we recommend this show above most others. See it!
5	I am a casual fan of Celine. However, after this concert I am a huge fan. Her voice is absolutely amazing. The special effects were even better.I would highly recommend this concert to anyone
4	I'd say the majority of Celine Dion music I've heard in life has been from dentist offices.  Needless to say, they aren't fond memories.  I clearly link "Because You Loved Me" to drilling sounds and a big light in my face.But you have GOT to be dead inside if you don't feel something when she hits those big notes in tunes like "Power of Love" or "All By Myself" in a live setting. As a case in point, I heard a wife ask her husband what he thought of the show while exiting, and his answer was "eh".  He looked a shade under 139 years old!  Almost dead!Not to say the show was all roses.  I found her version of "Live and Let Die" to be punchless and uninspiring.  Especially after seeing Axl's version multiple times a few weeks earlier.  Glad I saw the show but no way in heck would I ever pay for this.  I sat stage left in the rear orchestra and a seat retailed for $175 before tax and service fees.  It's only worth it for big time fans.  Plenty of those were in attendance.  Watching people lose their minds to the "Titanic" song was very, very interesting.
5	"Where does my heart beat now?Where is the sound?That only echoes through the night."The French Canadian with pipes like an angel, the gifted Celine Dion.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/celine-las-vegas-2?select=qKgA_mxajVkBkSBtJRwkdQ#Kbvx9GtNiElinZ0HzpQ_LwCeline looked absolutely stunning, captivating the Friday night audience with her melodic voice & touching lyrics.  I felt quite a few goosebumps as she sang hits such as-"But when you touch me like this,and when you hold me like that.I just have to admit,that it's all coming back to me."Our seats located in the rear orchestra had a great view of the stage, off center left.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/celine-las-vegas-2?select=qKgA_mxajVkBkSBtJRwkdQ#w6Yz3Dx-Wgzi0dRHERURxQCeline did several covers of other artists' songs, but I would've preferred if she sang more of her music library.  She even performed 2 hologram duets, one of which was interestingly enough, with herself.  Can't say I didn't get the most Celine Dion for the dollar ;p"Cause I am your lady,and you are my man.Whenever you reach for meI'll do all that I can."Of course, the song that everyone anticipates, "My Heart Will Go On", lived up to all expectations & mesmerized the fortunate concert goers.  Towards the end of the song, Celine was surrounded by falling water that artistically cascaded down to make a magical experience, both audio & visual.  Think Fountains of Bellagio in reverse.Can't have a concert w/o merchandisehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/celine-las-vegas-2?select=qKgA_mxajVkBkSBtJRwkdQ#84ZlgUYEgyq-PDy-eNr-YAA true showstopper & deserving of headlining the Colosseum at Caesar's Palace,  Celine Dion puts on an extravagant show that will pull the heartstrings & touch you to your very soul.  Her powerful voice wil captivate & strike you with awe as to how such strength can come from such a small frame.  A tremendous show that absolutely has to be experienced before her run is done.Highly recommend!
5	I only came here since my parents wanted to watch her, but boy I'm so glad I came. Celine is still as beautiful as the time I saw her when i was a little tyke. I have to add on that she has the most ADORABLE personality ever. She treated her audience like how she would probably act as if she were talking to a friend. Plus I want to add that all of her heels were to die for. (Sorry I just had to say haha)The show lasted about 2hrs give or take. I was intrigued the whole time :)Her voice is beautiful and mesmerizing. That is real talent right there. I love the small acts in between the "small intermissions", it really gave the small artists a time to shine! And they were a treat to watch and hear. On a side note, she did a good mix between her songs and songs from other artists. They were all amazing! 46 and she still got it. ;) If you have the time (and money) check her out!
5	The only other Vegas show I could really compare this to was when Beyonce did an intimate performance at the Wynn a few years ago. Now, I love me some Queen Bey, who is nothing but a consummate professional, but I think that professionalism and that alter ego Beyonce assumes when performing creates a distance between her and her audience. Celine Dion is an entirely different kind of performer. When she was on stage, I felt like she was honestly just talking to me. She's so...personable. In a way, I felt this show was more intimate just because of the manner in which Celine carried herself, the way she would share her stories, show videos of her family, talk about her past and future hopes. And when she sang La Vie En Rose, I cried. Her voice is like an angel's, truly.Other things I could rave about were the costumes, pacing, and set designs. The dress during "My Heart Will Go On" literally took my breath away! Incredible. I would say I grew up listening to Celine Dion and I went with family members who also enjoyed her music. I would say if you are at all familiar with her albums from the 90's, then I would highly, highly recommend the show. Totally worth the $!
5	Amazing! I've watched this show twice now and it still makes me tear up every time. No seat is a bad seat because Celine's voice is amazing and the sound in the Colosseum is great, but if you actually want to see her face or the orchestra performers, anything above 1st mezzanine is too far. There also isn't a screen that shows the majority of her performance with the exception of 3 - 4 songs so it's pretty much impossible to actually see more than a little ant running around on stage if you pay for the cheapest seats. Overall though, amazing performances every time and I will definitely see her again in the future.
1	I really don't have a review about the show because few days before I was suppose to attend the show it was cancelled. I am disappointed because I saved money for a year to see her. I was not able to cancel my airline ticket or hotel. I am so disappointed because I am going to Las Vegas for no reason. I should be reimbursed for hotel and airline ticket. I know I won't be able to see her in person again. It took me along to save this amount of money. I am really hurt that I couldn't see the concert and never will again.
1	Overly sentimental, non stop references to her kids, how blessed she is, and her husband.... too many covers from elite performers like Stevie Wonder.... Billy Joel...Tina Turner.  Why is she not just playing her music.. as an elite performer herself?  A weird duet sung between herself and a computer generation of herself... and then back to back with another one...a computer generated Stevie Wonder this time -  so cheesy.   Horrible, phoned in attempt at being humorous and connecting with audience between songs- while an enormous projection of her face is made on the curtain- to see her "funny" facial expressions.  (Kind of like end of Wizard of Oz.)  Still has that great voice.    I would have giggled my way through the show laughing at it---- save for the totally aggressive Canadian fans sitting near me.  ... like Red Sox fans.   I just totally don't get the show.  It's like a parody of a real show...
5	Celine! How do you do it?? Her voice is breathtaking and she's so flawless!! Absolutely loved it. Brought me to tears.  I recommend!!
