4	Alright far, far West-siders.  It's your lucky day because I have a treat for you!  Wait for it...Good sushi in Goodyear and it's not another chain restaurant!!No, you're not hallucinating.  Yes, you heard me correctly.  I didn't think it would happen, but it did.Here's the skinny...Nakama is the latest and greatest raw fish development West of the 101 and North of the 10.  It's in the Lowe's parking lot and decorated red and black with tables, booths, and a sushi bar.  They offer both sushi and an "Asian Fusion" menu.  I tried a little from both and although it's nice to have other options for non-sushi dining pals, they fell a little short with the Asian fusion menu.We started off with the Pan Asian Chicken & Vegetable Lettuce Wraps.  The chunks of chicken were good and well sized with lots of veggies to accompany, but the dish was really, really bland.  My husband had the Chicken Teriyaki Bento Box and was not impressed.  The teriyaki and salad weren't that great and the gyoza was only so-so.  It also comes with an entire California roll and a sushi - the latter he sub'd for more gyoza.  Not liking seafood, it wasn't for him and he would have rather had more teriyaki (had it been good).  I tackled the sushi menu and ended up with the spicy tuna roll and eel cucumber roll.  Both were delicious - especially the eel cucumber!The service was really good and the portions were good for the price.  They have happy hour Mon-Sat 4-7 and 10-close and all day on Sunday which includes $5 starters, $2.25 domestic drafts, and $5.50 sake bombs.  The only bummer is that there isn't actually any sushi on their happy hour menu.So, let's review:  hit up the happy hour, order up some sushi, and skip the Asian fusion.  It's overrated anyway.  You know what's not overrated?  A new non-chain restaurant in the far, far West valley.
4	An upscale look in Goodyear!! Love it! It's good consistant sushi and the wait staff is friendly. The guy who is the Host is not so good...not sure if he even knows what sishi is!! All in all a good meal most every time.
4	Been here a couple of times now.  I love the sushi!  It's nice to have a nice sushi place on this side of town, a non-chain!  However the first time I went, my husband who is a non-sushi eater, ordered a cooked meal it came about 10 minutes after I finished my sushi!  Also the watress was very rude.The second time we all ordered sushi so the timing wasn't off, but the service still sucked.  I will ofcourse continue to go because I love sushi and it's like 5 minutes away.  Also they deliver with youbuyandwefly.com, so you can't beat that!
3	Boy this started out poorly, I was really getting worried but in the end I'm glad we stuck with it.  Being out at the only Suzuki dealer within 120 miles that can do warranty work  meant forgoing our favorite place, Zen Sushi, in favour of Nakama.  After entering,  8pm on Friday, we met a rather confused greeter. No drinks menu, no sushi menu nor utensils, yeah we had to request the existence of ALL these, thankfully Mike,the waiter, was on the ball and things got a lot better from here on in. Thai Basil Udon - Udon with tomato and  basil  in a blazing sweet chili sauce with chicken was  pretty good, the sashimi  and sushi were better than average for the  are (E.G, Phoenix metro  not Avondale)  and it's not going to break the bank. The pomegranite soyu was great  and well worth trying out.This was a recommendation from the waiter , though I think the bar tender was strong-arming him into making it;), which was a really good idea. Sadly they had ran out of Sapporo 12oz  , so it was a soft drink kind of evening from there on. Nice surroundings, not too crazy on  a Friday night and certainly worth another visit when in the area but  I wouldn't drive by Zen sushi, Hot wasabi or Tokyo lobby to get there
4	This is now my favorite sushi place in the West Valley.  I looked at several reviews (thank you yelp!!)  to find good sushi after going to that aweful place in Westgate.  What really caught my attention on their website was their happy hour.  Not only do they have a variety of nigiri, plain rolls, and special rolls... They also have $5 appetizers and beer specials.The sushi was great and tasty.  Service was decent, but they seemed somewhat aloof.  But what do I care?  I just found a restaurant to add to my regular list.  =DOh and btw, I'm giving it 4 stars because it's not one of the best sushi places I've been to, but it's definitely great for West Valley.
5	Up to par with the sushi and sashimi I grew accustomed to living in Hawaii. I love their Asian Spiced Rub Ribeye, Shrimp Yakisoba and Coco Mac Chicken too! And you gotta try their wasabi mashed potatoes. They also have a great selection of beer, sake and specialty drinks. It would be a great place to take a date or hang out with friends too. Love the decor and ambiance.
5	The ambiance and sushi here rivals that of the Bay Area in California,  where we recently moved from! We had an assortment of items that were priced at $5 each (a daily happy hour special), as well as the tuna carpaccio (my favorite)  and an amazing white chocolate stuffed banana that was then friend in panko and served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The staff was friendly and attentive...I left with the impression that it was important to all working there that we had a nice experience. this is definitely going to be a weekly stop for us!
4	Sushi is sushi. It's either quality or it's not. This place has high quality sushi. So when I review it, I compare it to other sushi bars in the area (ie across the parking lot). Music good, ambience good minus basketball on the two big screens. This place is always freezing.  Winter, summer, it doesn't matter...it's like someone there must be menopausal or something. This is one reason I pick the "other" place. The service is okay. I really hate when u order hot tea and they don't offer water to wash down your spicy tuna. Their sashimi cuts are more generous than the competition and their rolls are full. The bento at lunch is a great value and I love the variety of their tempura.  All that being said...I still hesitate and often turn around at the door knowing I'm going to freeze my ass off while I eat.  Here I am now, guzzling tea and miso and praying my box will come before my nipples ice over.
4	Stay away from the entree's and go for the appetizers. Happy hour is worth it - service is very good.  Good atmosphere with nice hip music...we like to go here for happy hour but again I have always been disappointed with their entrees.  Wait staff is very chatty and friendly - remember you when you walk in.....Best thing is there Calamari App , great sushi (especially during happy hour) worst thing is the Yaki Soba noodle entree.  We go back on a regular basis...you should too.
4	This is about the 3rd or 4th sushi place I have ever eaten at. I must say its very high quality, and they have an excellent selection to choose from. I was spoiled from the get go since my first sushi encounter was in Hawaii so I havent quite found anything that ranks up there, but this place comes pretty close!The amotosphere is very laid back, lots of young servers, and I was suprised not to see one japanese person working as a server or at the sushi bar. Not that its a bad thing, but usually thats what is the norm anyways it seems. We had the rainbow roll, las vegas roll, and philly roll, as well as a salmon and yellow fin nigiri. IT was all fantastic! If you dont like sushi, dont worry they have a full menu from noodles to steaks. So even if someone in your party isnt a fan, you can still go and enjoy their great sushi!My complaints: I would have given this place all 5's, but our waitress was under 21 and had no idea about sakes, and another waiter we asked a question about had no idea about the sushi. (He did state he was new and still learning himself)There was a birthday party going on over in the corner and they were having a fun training class on making rolls, and cutting fish. I also saw on the menu that they are going to start having sushi and sake lessons, as well as some kind of speed dating thing as well. Over all it was a very young crowd, and it was packed. I think thats a very good sign of any restaurant on a Saturday night! We definately will be visiting again!
3	So we tried this Sushi Restaurant on Friday - we thought we should give it a shot - because we have been to the competitor in the same parking lot twice. I will say it was OK - not bad - not somewhere I would avoid. But I think it was OK. When we walked in the hostess station seemed to be a place of confusion (multiple people manning the station all trying to figure out what was going on). The Poke Tini was really very good. The rolls were above average. But the salmon Nigiri - not so good. I order this almost everywhere I go. I took the first bite and had to really work to swallow the very fishy tasting salmon. I left the rest on the plate. In credit to the server she removed the nigiri from the bill. So I will go back . . . but unfortunately I think their competitor has them beat.
4	I wish i could put up a hammock and live here. I love Nakama Sushi.Better quality and larger portions than Ah-So. Not main stream and still focusing on quality.Four stars because sushi is expensive no matter where you go, and this place needs a better weekend night life crowd. And if you're sitting in the bar Thurs-Saturday evening, you're not getting fast service.. just the way it is, so deal with it.
5	As you pull up and park Nakama is inviting! The decor was original and comfortable/relaxing. They have multiple settings to choose from, a Metro Bar to a all inclusive Sushi Bar. Along with you normal family style seating, inside and out on the patio, Nakama is just a great setting that fits the GoodYear area Very Well!. Now I'm by no means Sushi Expert,but Nakama's is right on par with the culture and finesse required, I think, to grab the Sushi lover's taste buds! My first choice was one I thought I was familiar with, a Rock-n-Roll! Well I've never seen it done any other way...... Until I tried it tonite. Rapped in a cucumber peal !!! Yes I was a'little concerned to, but let me reassure you it was good. From there the waiter recommended the nite's happy hour special....... the name I can't remember. BUT the food I can and will continue to enjoy every chance I get !
4	Their Happy Hour $4 spicy tuna rolls are the size of my fists= HUGE. Worth going to for their happy hour alone...Like any other restaurant in Arizona, Nakama sits in an indiscreet shopping center surrounded by your typical Kohl's and Walmart's, albeit it's right off McDowell Road so you can't miss it. Happy Hour goes from 4-7, which includes cheap drinks and did I mention some massively amazing cheap sushi rolls?We had a feast= 2 beers X $2.50/ea, edamame $5 (huge portion, so that makes up for the slightly above avg price), 2 spicy tuna rolls $4/ea, 1 yellowtail roll $2, sashimi salad $10, chirashi $14 (sashimi salad/chirashi not on happy hour).Service is slightly slow, so be sure to order some appetizers/booze while you're waiting. Ambiance is chill, club music pumping; don't know if it's my sushi music of choice but who can complain for the cheap rolls?Stamp of approval!
5	Solid every time. We eat here about once or twice a month. Great happy hour specials and all day happy hour on Sunday. Highly recommended!
2	My husband and I usually go to Tomo  Sushi, across the parking lot from here but they don't have happy hour on Sundays so we decided to check out Nakama instead. We were disappointed. The service was decent but the sushi was just not that good. The cali rolls were too mayonnaisey. The tuna rolls tasted off and the yellowtail rolls were very dry. The Miso was good though. The decor also looks very cheap and the floors are FILTHY. I don't think they ever clean them. I just don't get how they can stay in business with a place as amazing as Tomo not 500 feet away.
3	Love the decor on the inside...we sat in the bar area in a cozy booth/table thingy. It was still happy hour...we got spareribs, coconut shrimp, tuna roll, and salmon roll. The ribs were not good to me at all..too fatty and tough. Shrimp was good and so were both rolls. I had a couple of grape martinis and we took some chocolate covered strawberries to go. Service was average and we did enjoy most of our food. We would like to go back and  try some other menu items.
1	can't say more then it wss not great, and their service sucks.
5	I belong to a "Sushi Lovers Group" and we travel to sushi restaurants all over the valley. Nakama is a favorite with the group and we visit as a group at least once a month. Fantastic food, a great Happy Hour, and the service (even with a large group) is always top notch. Highly Recommended!  http://www.meetup.com/sushilicious
2	I need to explain the rating on this one. I am a regular at this place as we live close and find it superior to most other restaurants of this type in the area. I have always had decent service and great food...On Mother's Day, I had returned from a trip to L.A. and my wife wanted one thing for Mother's Day...NAKAMA. We went and they were not busy (as in most cases) and we sat down to order. I have a Passport Card, and usually get two-for-one items which keep the price down nicely. There was no happy hour as it was Mother's Day, and I guess I can live with that. I also had a check-in reward for a free edamame from Yelp.We were promptly informed that "because of our Mothers Day Special, we cannot honor the Passport card tonight". I asked about the special and it was a $30 plate that would probably have cost less ordered any other day.I decided we would deal with it and asked for our edamame to get started. We were told "we are not honoring that tonight". At that point, I was frustrated and a bit tired from a long trip and got up to leave. On the way out, the manager said "I don't want to let you guys walk out of here unhappy...Nobody honors specials on Mother's Day". I replied "I will bet Tomo does" and we paid for the Diet Coke and left. We had a great meal at a nearby mexican restaurant and all is well.All that being said, I love this place. The food is always good, but the fact that something so stupid as a free $4 appetizer was not covered for regular customers is somewhat unsettling to me. Maybe it is that I am whining about a free appetizer, but my point is that you just cannot find REALLY good customer service as readily anymore. The manager said he recognized us and STILL refused to even consider doing us a small favor in return for our repeat business. Not letting us walk out would have gone a LONG way.Will we return?? Absolutely. But I might not be as quick to recommend NAKAMA to friends as I have done so often in the past.
3	I checked in and got a free edamame..  That was pretty cool.  The rolls are pretty big and it was fresh. Some things here are not my taste, like the music.. or that sake was barely on the menu.  I'd happily go back though.
5	Came in for the $20 sushi and sake class. Amazing value, great sushi (what we tried) and extremely friendly staff and proprietors!This place has a 'local' vibe that is hard to find at sushi places and even though it's a bit of a drive from home, I'd definitely come back.
3	Service: 3Atmosphere: 4Music: 2 (I'm not into the latest hits or electronic voices.)Rainbow Roll: 4Spicy tuna hand roll: 3The host was okay.  The waitress was blah.  She was barely around and we waited between two visits(Water and Order) from her probably a total of 40 minutes. The place was not busy. I would have been more accepting of this if they were busy. The spicy hand rolls were made first and left sitting out on top of the counter for awhile. This was because they were still making the Rainbow Roll. I would have preferred they had served it right away as soon as they made. The hand roll should have been more balanced with the ingredients. Understand this is from someone who prefers more tuna on her rolls than most. I also thought it would be spicier and it was spicy, just not the tear-jerking spicy I like. Then again I'm in love spicy food. The Rainbow Roll was good and quite larger than I expected.  The middle filling could have been less creamy and more crabby. Overall decent place and I would come back for the Rainbow Roll. I think you should sit at the sushi bar and not the table as I believe the people there were served faster or I would sit outside if it's not too hot to avoid the music.
3	Good sushi. Friendly staff. Would definitely come back I were in W Phoenix and craving sushi again.
5	It is the best SUSHI in the WestValley.  Happy hour rolls are delicious and cheap.  My favorite sushi roll is the Hot Night Roll and I can only find it in this restaurant.  I totally recommend it! It is a very simple, hidden away place with GREAT service.  I come here anytime I want sushi!
5	Absolutely the best sushi restaurant in AZ! Great Food, Nice Atmosphere and Awesome Staff! I highly recommend this place!!!! #Iloveit
3	all I can say is go early, this place locks the doors at 9 PM.  The menu is large, the food is pretty good. Everyone was very friendly that I can say.  I would go back just for the people.
3	More traditional sushi than what you would find at RA.  Not the best, but far from the worst.
2	Today was the fourth time we have eaten there. And seems as though that each time we go, the ratings go lower and lower. The first time we ate there, it was at lunch hour on a weekday. We sat at the sushi bar and the owner and sushi chef was there to serve us. I have to admit, the way he cuts his fish is bigger than all the sushi places I have been (that includes NV, CO, WA, NM, CA, HI, Okinawa, Korea, and other sushi places in AZ). He was friendly and told us to come back for their happy hour the next time we were in that area. So, for the first time we ate there, I would give it a 5 star rating. We went back a second time, this time for dinner at around 7 p.m. It was packed lightly and yet the service seemed slow. Sushi was good, soft shell crab was not cooked too well. And, to top it off, they ran out of the yellow tail collar. SO, okay, four stars for that meal. Third time was dinner again at around 6 p.m. Again, the service was slow, but the sushi was good. 3 star rating. Today, Saturday, we went before 5 p.m. to try the happy hour. Although there weren't many customers yet, the service again was slow. I told my family, if in two minutes (after waiting for 5 minutes) no one shows up to ask us for our drink order, we were leaving. Thank goodness somebody showed up. Then, we ordered our food: soft shell crab, tempura appetizer, crunchy roll, spicy tuna roll, yellow tail, albacore, salmon and tamago for our son. Once again, the soft shell crab was a big disappointment, the tempura was not good, but the sushi again was good. We get our check, and 10 minutes later, no one has picked up our payment so I got up and handed it to another server. Today, I give it a two star rating. It seems like the place is self destructing each and every time we eat there. Never again will we go back to Nakama. We went back there the second time because our first experience was great. We went there a third and fourth time so that we can confirm that that is one place we will never spend money on ever again.
4	The sushi here is amazing and fresh and they have a good variety. Service was surprisingly fast considering the amount of staff they had (our waitress was also the hostess and bartender when we dined in). I have ordered out from here a few times and the sushi is just as fresh when I get it home.The atmosphere is very nice, red colors, great lounge, even has pillows for some of the areas. Indoor and outdoor dining, and the night we went on a Saturday they had a DJ playing reggae music and the place got crowded and lively. A great hangout spot for excellent sushi.
4	Came here with my friend who has her review written below mine lol! My first thought of this place was classy. I love the Red and Black decor and the seating that consisted of couches and roll out chairs.  This place has a good vibe and the DJ plays Reggae music that you can't help move your body too from time to time! What we ordered:Crazy Roll - Crab, Spicy Tuna, Cucumber, Avocado, Eel Sauce, Orange Sauce 10.00Marilyn Mon Roll - Shrimp Tempura, Avocado, Cucumber, Spicy tuna, Crunchy, Orange & Eel Sauce  10.75Poison Ivy - Spicy Tuna, Avocado, Fresh Shrimp, Cream Cheese, Jalapenos, Salt & Pepper, Baked    11.25Snow White Roll - Cali Roll, Red Snapper, White Sauce, Eel SauceCheescake Martini - 8.00Our Waitress was also the bartender but she did a good job of keeping up with us especially since there was a rush of a crowd that came in.  The martini was a little strong so be prepared if you don't like them to stiff watch out haha! I had to add a little bit more juice to mine :) Overall great spot! Might jsut be one of the best in the area!Be sure to check in you will receive FREE Edamame!
1	My friends and I used to go here about once a week, but it's become less and less and maybe no more because their service is terrible!!!  While the sushi is good, prices are good, and portions are big, the service is totally turning us off.  There have been countless times where a waitress has asked us to pay our bill so she can go home.  There have been countless times when the service was extremely slow.  AND, there have been countless times where they are practically pushing us out the door (by putting ALL the chairs up on the tables) and it's only about 9:00!!!  It's disappointing because we like the place, but the service is continually bad.
5	this place is fukkin great!!! lol... i was yrying to go to my favorite place akai hana sushi on peable creek @ mcdowell but they were closed for lunch from 2-4 so i decided n this place thanks to the too girls below me n i loved it fried california n las vegas were very refreshng along with regular california rolls
4	Good sushi (not the best), good service and ok prices. Drink specials are hard to beat, but the sushi happy hour is mediocre at best-- seems to be a common trend, as more and more sushi places are dropping their good happy hour menus.I like this place better than Tomo and Kabuki, it's at least the best place to go for sushi in the Avondale/Goodyear area.
4	Javier and I went here on Saturday night, the place was dead. Only 2 other tables and one of them were regulars. We ordered 2 different sushi rolls, the soy sexy roll, which consists of  Tempura Shrimp, Crab, Spicy Tuna,Avocado, Cucumber / Soy Paper, Orange Sauce, Eel Sauce. I ordered this because it's very similar to a roll I love at blue wasabi called "me soy horny". Javier got the Las Vegas rolls ( he gets this one every time) it consists of Salmon, Avocado, Crab, Cream Cheese, Rice / Tempura Fried, Eel Sauce. This one was good as well, one of the better Las Vegas rolls I have had. The pieces were HUGE, this made it a lil difficult to eat without it falling apart. We were full off the two rolls, it was the perfect amount. I took a look at the happy hour prices, they weren't too great. The Las Vegas roll is $7.00 regular 10.00, and they didn't have my roll as part of happy hour. My only complaint is I wish the place was more live. I'm used to eating sushi at places like blue wasabi or Ra where it is always packed and playing good music. I will return to this place despite the atmosphere just because the rolls were so good.
5	Love love love this place- firecracker app is the best food ever and the soy paper rolls are the best in the west
5	We went here for dinner with a few out of town guests. We walked in with a party of 10 and Nakama had no problems getting us seated quickly. I started with edamame (free with Yelp check-in), continued with vegas rolls and several sashimi pieces and finished with sake! The service was great, especially considering our party size and the food was fantastic! My wife and I will be back every time we get that craving for quality sushi! Thank you Nakama.
4	Great place to stop in for lunch... We had miso soup (complementary), edamame (free from the check in in offer), the lunch special with Cali and crunch roll ($10), we left stuffed for $11 BUCKS!! (well, plus a tip, so more than $11... but hey) That is awesome!!  The miso soup is very good, the edamame is salted right and cooked right and the Cali and crunch rolls are very very good!! Our waiter was good too. Small complaint, seems like the place needs a little detailing, the vents are dusty, tables sticky, walls smudged... Clean overall, but needs a little tune up...
5	Hands down, the best sushi in the entire West Valley. The spicy tuna roll is fantastic. My wife and I are also big fans of the veggie cream cheese roll. You can't go wrong during happy hour either, when the rolls are only $4! The staff is also super pleasant.
5	Best sushi place in the entire PHX area. Great food, drinks, service and atmosphere.
5	We have been coming here since it opened. The staff is very willing to serve you and assist with any dietary needs. The food is always top notch and well plated. The modern asian feel to the decor is very fitting for a sushi restaurant.If my wife and I are ever hungry and in the area this is our first choice.
5	Great food, classy place, sushi is what i get when i go, i absolutely love this place, never had anything go wrong. People are nice, staff is awesome, atmosphere is great. Get there, enjoy and stay safe.
5	Great place for sushi! The menu has more than the basic rolls. I've tried about 95% of the rolls and I haven't yet disliked any. HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU TRY THIS PLACE!
5	Wonderful lunch for a reasonable price. The decor is beautiful - very chic and modern.  The beer was icy cold, the edamame was seasoned perfectly, the sushi was beautiful and tasted good, and the wait staff was friendly. All in all - a great experience! So happy we have a place like this on the west side of town.
5	Very good. Best sushi by far in appearance, environment, and service.
4	This place is a little hard to find among the collage of restaurants and shop in this shopping district.  After driving past it twice, my daughter spotted it and we went in.I love the price of the Happy Hour food and Beverage items.  California Roll for $4?  Yes!!  We ordered two but only needed one.  They were huge!  Great value.We ordered up a nice bottle of wine and it was priced reasonable for a restaurant.The food was all fresh and delicious.  They have some American items on the menu as well for the picky eaters.  My son had the very Japanese dish of Chicken Strips and Fries.Our server was attentive and laid back.  We're usually fast, in and out diners.  His laid back pace helped us relax and enjoy the meal.  We weren't in a hurry so why not?!?It's a great fusion restaurant that would appeal to almost everybody.  Go and enjoy!!
5	Love it!  Great Happy Hour and yummy rolls.  I am a fan of the Tootsie Roll and the crunchy roll.  They are very friendly and accommodated a large group of us for a birthday happy hour in the middle of the week. You know how when you show up with a big party and you ask the dreaded question...dun dun duuunnnn..."Can you give us separate checks?"  That look of horror and disgust usually crosses the face of your server?  Not here...he happily gave us all separate checks and didn't make a single mistake.  Our sushi chef for the evening was Santiago...a couple of us who went to Nakama tonight used to frequent a sushi bar called Fish Market back in the day (a moment of silence for the best caterpillar roll in existence...oh the shrimp tempura roll too!)  and Santiago used to work there.  He still remembers us and is probably the friendliest sushi chef around!  I have been to Nakama SEVERAL times and have never...EVER left disappointed!  Everyone is always friendly and the food is always good.  See you next week...happy hour!
4	I've never been a server, but I can't imagine it's fun to wait on a large party by yourself, especially when they all request separate checks, all just "start" with waters, and are so busy chatting that they take a while to order.  However, that's exactly what happened when a large group of us went out for a Happy Hour Birthday Celebration.  Our server was fantastic!! He never complained, got everyone's orders correct and constantly kept our waters full.The sushi was great (Las Vegas roll) - decent size and delicious taste.  Happy Hour prices were fair and overall, we had a great time! I would definitely visit again.
3	Never have had bad sushi here and they usually have good deals or happy hour specials. They have a quiet atmosphere and no load annoying music or crowd. On Sunday's they even play football on their bar TV so I can sneak in a few good looks on my date night with the wife. The service has always been good, minus the one time we had a waiter standing on the seat next to me to try and close the blinds and start cleaning up. It made things a little awkward but other than that we have been regulars here and it's always been a good experience.
1	This place is terrible.  We should've known when we sat down and there was not 1 asian person in this place (including the workers).  One of the rolls we got was the lotus.  It tasted dirty and like lighter fluid (it is served surrounded by a flame).  There were 3 of us in our party tonight and we all left feeling sick.  Not only would I not go back to this place, I would encourage all of my friends NOT to patronize this place.
2	Average sushi, poor fusion, inattentive serviceTried Nakama as it's close by and looked like a fun Asian-fusion place. We had some sushi, the curry dish, a Thai platter, and fried rice (for our daughter).  The dishes were sweet and were missing traditional Asian flavors and spices.  And by sweet, I mean disturbingly so.  Like the kind of sweet that makes you grimace.  The service gal was nice, but very slow. And she and another service gal were confused who had our table multiple times.  The sushi was good enough for Arizona-- tasty, well-presented, and tasted fresh.  The fried rice was also par for the course.We waited a good amount of time between refills on drinks, check-in on food quality, and finally the check.  On the latter, we sat for about 15 minutes until someone came by we could flag down to ask for the honor of paying.  Again, they are nice, but inattentive.
5	Generally I like this place. The service is great and friendly and the drinks are fairly priced. The sushi can be a bit expensive, but if you go during their super short happy hour you catch a break.The pepper on the edamame is really different and good.One complaint their happy hour is too short. Considering Goodyear is not some large corporate center, a lot of people have a decent commute home. So a 4-7 would be better. I'd come more often.Also nice is they will help to customize your roll and their fish is much fresher than other places.And to the reviewer who commented that no Asians in a sushi restaurant means it's automatically bad is kind of racist and not very helpful. I would also assume you'd skip a doughnut shop because there were no cops there?  Besides, this area is not exactly high on the Asian demographic.
2	The service was ok but me and the wife went there for the sushi, not the drinks or to chit chat with friends. Unfortunately we didn't pay attention to the yelp reviews that spoke poorly of their sushi since the place has such high reviews. Well the sushi was lame, they were tasteless and pricey and they added way too much rice to their rolls. It could have just been the cook that was there at that particular time but seeing as to how my wife ended up throwing up I don't think we'll be going back a second time.
5	I decided to step outside of our normal American food places and we ended up at Nakama. I was a little skeptical because it was a lounge and I had my two young sons with but I figured since happy hour was over we should be okay.  Nakama was a little hard to find because there is no sign on the main road (McDowell) but my GPS is sharp. Upon entering the restaurant, my first impression was that it was very dark. The colors of the place are red and black. The greeter immediately greeted us with a welcoming smile and we were seated right away. At first, I thought that was a good thing, but then again it made me wonder "Why is there no wait?" I was excited to see we were seated at a big table, but then when the appetizer was brought out, it proved to be a bad idea because we had to get up to pass the food back and forth to each other. The waitress was very tentative and friendly. She brought us refills well before we needed them which avoided us having to go thirsty. I loved that my sons were allowed to share a kids meal at no extra charge. They ordered the chicken strips and fries. My sons do eat sushi but since it was a new place for them, I ordered them their own food to safe.  I ordered the monkey brains appetizer and it tasted wonderful. For checking in on Yelp, we got free Edeme. They were hard to open up and salty so I only ate a few. I did like they were warm. Once the appetizer was done, our rolls came out. We ordered the teriyaki chicken, the baked scallop (BSCR) roll and the shrimp killer roll.  I was not a huge fan of the chicken roll. I picked it to be safe but it didn't taste right wrapped up in a role with rice. I had to get used to their use of soy paper. I miss my seaweed.  To drink I ordered the iced green tea and that tasted as usual. All in all, it was a great experience. Oh and the bathrooms were clean and smell great. I consider that a plus because some places do not keep up with their restrooms because they don't think it's as important as the rest of the restaurant. I could also see the kitchen on my way to and from the restroom and it looked very organized and clean. There was a full bar which is great for their Happy Hour. I will definitely go back. I am excited to have found a great sushi place in the West Valley!
1	I've eaten here before but only had the sushi.  I went with a friend the other night and wasn't in the mood for sushi so i ordered off the menu.  I ordered a chicken udon noodle dish.  The wait time was not unreasonable nor the service up to the point that our food arrived.  The chicken was not seasoned at all and tasted as though it had been pre-cooked and warmed up.  The noodles were slimey and the dish was totally inedible.  We flagged the waitress down and when I told her that I didn't like the dish and that the noodles were slimely.  She informed me that they were supposed to be??  She took the dish away and two minutes later someone that I assume to be the manager came over with the dish in his hand.  He asked  me what the problem was and I explained to him that the chicken tasted like it had been precooked and warmed up and the noodles were slimely.  He also informed me that the noodles were supposed to be that way.  While he offered to get me something else he was not apologetic in the least and had a bit of an attitude.  I ordered the stuffed mushrooms off the happy hour menu.  They delivered two deep fried balls about the size of my fist.  While they didn't taste old and slimely they were not good and they sat in a pool of soy sauce that  just made everything soggy and salty.  The waitress did check back on us to see if we needed drinks but did not ask me about the food again and she seemed to carry on somewhat with the manager's attitude.  My friends like the sushi and they do go there a lot.  My suggestion if you do go here is that you stick with the sushi and stay away from the other menu items.  When the bill came they had deducted a portion of the first dish from the check but had still charged me for a portion of it.  It was not as if I'd eaten half of it and then sent it back.  I barely took half a bite.  I'll meet my friends for a beer and sake here but I will never eat here again.
3	Really good sushi. We went here last night for my birthday and got the Gila Monster roll, Spicy Tuna and since we're from Seattle, decided to try the Seattle Roll. They were all tasty! The spicy tuna, we usually get for my husband but it was actually one of the better spicy tuna rolls I've had. The waiter gave me an excellent wine recommendation and it was so delicious! The atmosphere is nice. We got a free birthday dessert which was a white chocolate deep fried banana with ice cream and that was really good!
5	This place while quiet... was loud! Loud with flavor. Our waiter, Jason.. was THE cutest thing evah! He was so extremely helpful with all of our questions. We had sushi, sashimi, deeelish black pepper edamame. A "tad" spendy, but I would eat there again and again. For the food and the service! Thanks!!
4	Yummmm! Im a regular and sometimes forget to check in but a great app in the stuffed mushrooms or the monkey brains! Wings are great too but if you like them fried just a heads up these are not.
4	Nothing spectacular, but great food, amazing service and a well thought out restaurant.  Highly recommended!
5	Excellent. Been coming here for about 2 years now and I eat here at least twice a week with my dad, we are regulars here. I usually come during the afternoons as to avoid any weekend rush at night because the bar is popular. BEST Veggie Rolls I have had anywhere, not only vegetarian but if you get them without cream cheese they are VEGAN safe as well, I love them because they are not huge saucers they are an actual ROLL. Their complementary soup and salad are awesome and they make an excellent Arnold Palmer. Service is always on point and they treat us well here. Not to mention $3 Sierra Nevada pints.. ALL day.. EVERY day.. Doesn't get any better than Nakama when you want a nice decent prices lunch!
3	This place is acceptable for a suburb in the desert.  I would give it 3.5 stars if I could because I liked our waitress.  The ambience could be improved a little, but it is otherwise a good place to get some sushi.
3	Not the Best Happy Hour roll prices as the other sushi places in the west valley. Happy Hour rolls and portions are much better at tomo (down the street) and ah hai (on cotton lane). So if you are just looking for some cheap rolls and apps, I don't suggest this place.
3	The food is great, and the specialty rolls are fun to eat. The decor is relaxing and very welcoming. The only thing is the service from one of the female servers. I came in before her shift ended and when she left she didn't tell the other server about the appetizers we ordered so we just sat there till I went to the other waiter and let him know. But overall, a good restaurant and good sushi for being so far from the ocean.
5	Nakama is awesome!  Fantastic service. Right now the mind-blowing Volcano Roll is my favorite.
5	Love this place.  Servers are extremely friendly and efficient.  Rolls are always great.  Be sure and ask what roll is on special that's not on the menu!
3	We stopped in for lunch today. We arrived just after they opened and I think we were the first ones there. The place is nicely decorated and the service was good. We ordered Edamame to start. It took quite a while for it to come out and when it did it did not seem to be cooked all the way. I also went with the salt and pepper option but I think I would leave the pepper off if I ordered it again. We ordered and split a couple rolls. The crunchy & Las Vegas roll. I didn't care for the Las Vegas roll but I am not a huge Salmon fan, but my son liked them both. The food was ok but the place I normally go is just as good and cheaper and that's probably where I will go in the future.
5	Great environment very chic, great food they have a great variety of rolls, and good prices, our server was so awesome, definitely coming back. We always have a great time when we come here
1	Went with a friend she had bought an Amazon deal so she wanted to use the voucher. I wouldn't came back even if I had a voucher. The service is great the place is clean and nice, but the sushi is just not good. I had the crunchy roll; the rice just fell apart wouldn't hold. It lacked a lot of flavor. I won't be back again.
4	Nakama has become our go-to dinner spot. From their potent mixed drinks, decent sake selection, friendly service and and fun decor, it's an all-around great place to enjoy a leisurely meal. If you want a quick meal, avoid Nakama - good food requires patience and there are often large parties (or small parties like mine who order a sizable variety of nibbles). I recommend starting with the Hamachi Kama if you can get it (it's seasonal and goes fast). For those who have mentioned a concern that the chefs use too much rice in their rolls, which is not something I have ever experienced at Nakama, skip the rolls and order nigiri. Their fish is fresh and expertly prepared. For gluten-free dining, ask that cooking sauces be left off (you won't believe how much better the already amazing unagi tastes without eel sauce) and request tamari sauce in place of the soy sauce at your table. Nakama and Hana are the only sushi joints I've been to in town that are familiar with and prepared to help gluten-free patrons dine safely. If you know of others, please message me!
5	I eat sushi a minimum of three times a week. Nakama has the absolute best sushi in the goodyear/avondale area. The fish taste so much fresher and their unique rolls are delicious.
1	I have eaten sushi all over the world and have to say that I  would pass on this place.If you cannot even get the rice of a simple 2-piece Sushi correct, then you should just throw in the towel.  You know how when you think that sushi is going to keep well overnight in the refrigerator and then the next day you pull it out and the rice is hard and gross and the fish has a weird taste... yeah thats how the rice was...      I looked on Yelp and went here because of the good suggestions, however when I arrived the waitress did not even know what the difference between cold and hot saki was and what type of saki the restaurant offered.... WHAT??? COME ON!!!!  It's a sushi bar... RIGHT? Shouldn't  this be one of the first  things that is taught to your employees??? So, after I  educated her regarding saki, the saki we ordered was sub- par. The owners should take note and taste some saki.There are some awesome sakis out there that don't taste like rubbing alcohol!  I guess I should have know when I looked over the list of sushi and they spelled Crab with a "K"!  I guess if you are ready to eat whatever "KRAB" is then this is the spot for you!  Good Luck!!!
4	Ask for waiter tommy he is awesome!! Gigi is always friendly!!! Such a good variety of menu options!! I would like to see their happy hour selections have more variety and more items. The Lotus Roll is the best in town.
1	Like my other sushi review, I love the quality of food at Nakama. However, the service is terribly slow. I went in to dine twice and waited far too long for my food. Also, on two separate occasions I called and made a to go order, being told the food would be ready in 15-20 min. I arrived on both occasions 20 min later where they immediately collect payment and say it is almost ready. Then I waited another 25 min both times, for 1 roll! The second time the roll was wrong and I decided I am never going back.
2	I don't know if it is because my family and I went early or what but service shouldn't take 20 minutes to get a roll. Not only were we not greeted right away it took forever to get our sushi. The sushi rolls were okay but not worth the wait or the money especially since they were slow. Plus it sounded more like we were in a Mexican restaurant than a Japanese restaurant. I am all for speaking a different language but not so loud you make your customers uncomfortable. All in all we will not be coming back.
1	Terrible service!  It took more than 30 minutes for our food to come out at 1:45 pm on a Sunday!  And it was hot inside too!  I asked for AC and they didn't turn it on. My first, and last time to this place.
4	Pros: Good sushi for being so far from the ocean.  Very polite and friendly staff.  Cons: Loud people at the bar that thought they owned the place.All in all, this place was great.  Thanks Nakama!
1	They do not deliver. False advertising. Update your yelp profile and be honest with your customers.
5	When I want great portion and reasonable priced sushi I always come here!   I love the lunch sushi.. California rolls with Las Vegas rolls are my ultimate favorite.  Lunch time it is All for only $10!!!!!! Gigi is always so friendly.  You can't get this size/portion sushi anywhere!!!! I come here whenever I get a chance.  Thank you for the great service and delicious sushi!! If you check in Yelp here you get a free order of edamame!!!! Love it!
5	As an east coaster, I can be picky about my sushi and seafood, but this place exceeded my expectations! Great menu, great happy hour menus, tasty drinks and very cool atmosphere.Will definitely be back when I'm in AZ again!
3	I was excited to try this place out, quite disappointed on food. limited rolls on the menu, most are tempura and spicy tuna. would be more appealing if has pix of the rolls. I was looking for salmon but most are tempura salmon. I want my fish rare not cook. only the MonKey brains was good to me. however, friendly waiter and fast service
4	This was my first visit here and the food was great and so was the service. Our server Tom was friendly and very helpful with recommendations since I mentioned this as our first time here. We started out with tempura shrimp and monkey brains. I must say the monkey brains was delish and that in itself could be a meal. I had the Killer shrimp roll which was fabulous. We also had California Rolls and the best of all, we tried their Lotus Roll which I would definitely recommend to those of you who love crab and lobster. Yum!
5	Never disappointed!  Came here for family lunchtime and got two sushi specials and the starburst sushi rolls.  If you like ceviche lemony greatness order one!  I LOVE the sushi here!!!! Yum
4	A week in Phoenix for golf, baseball, and sushi. Had take out here twice!  Great service, very friendly staff and good sushi.
5	My husband and I have been going to Nakama for years and it is by far our favorite Sushi restaurant we have ever been too!  The food is always amazing the Monkey Brains is delicious and the Hot Night Roll is my favorite.  My husband's favorite is the Red Storm Roll but it is not on the menu so you have to ask for it.  It is a spicy salmon tempura roll with spicy ponzu sauce....very good!!  Their Sunomono Salad is also amazing and huge, big enough to share.  It is also very unique and different from anywhere else I have ever ordered one.  It also comes with Ponzu sauce and you can get it either regular or spicy.  When my parents come to visit this is the only place they ever want to go eat at.  So definitely try it out if you get the chance.  Sometimes they get really busy especially on a Friday or Saturday night and the service may be a little slow, but it is worth the wait!!
5	I've been coming here since opening, and love the trendy atmosphere!   It's my favorite local spot to hit up for my sushi and sake fix. They've got a great happy hour and I LOVE their Saketinis! If you are a fan of flavored vodka martinis,  but they're a lil too strong tasting for you, try a saketini. They've got several flavors, and they pack a punch without the throat burning sensation of vodka! NO pucker face after a couple s-tini'z! And if you're not a drinke r,  the Iced Green Tea is tasty! My  choice hot roll is the Lotus roll which is soooo yummy!!! while my go-to favorites will always be the Vegas Roll, and Marilyn Monroll (no soy sauce, ginger, or wasabi needed!)Plus+Same managers every time I visit!++ Ask for Tommy- he's a great server! YELP check in offer: free Edamame!
5	Best Sushi I have ever had. Absolutely amazing. And the rolls are just huge. Largest rolls I have found at any Sushi restaurant. The Gila Monster and Poison Ivy rolls are just to die for.  If you are looking for sushi in the west valley, they cannot be beat.
5	When I'm eating lunch I Always order the sushi lunch special.  I love the Las Vegas roll w/ California rolls.  All for $10 you can't beat it anywhere!  Gigi always remembers me when I come in including my order.  If you're in the West Valley and crave great sushi for a great price stop by here!  Plus if you check in on yelp you get a free order of edamame!  Who doesn't like free?
5	I recommend this place if you want a good time out with family,couples,dates,or with kids. My favorite dish is the Vegas roll#bomb-balicious! A fantastic meal with great ambiance and good service!
1	Very disappointed. Came here a couple times and thought it was good. Came another time, not so good. Came in to give another try and we could not eat the food. Plus, we waited a long time while 2 other tables got up and left. Asked to speak to the manager about the food that we could not eat and was told she left. When we saw her a few minutes later, the waitress said, she must have came back and she would ask her to come over. She refused and the waitress apologized but still charged us for the food we did not eat. Poor management and because of that, we will not be back. Btw, we told the waitress that we just wanted to let them know how the food had changed and what we liked about how it was before.
4	I really enjoy coming here with family. Love the specials and all the delicious sushi.
5	I have been going here since it opened. The only decent sushi in the SW Valley. Good service
5	I'm not a sushi snob, but I really enjoy coming here with my husband. We always hit up the happy hour and the prices are great. We've been here about 4 times and the service has always been pleasant. The food sometimes takes a little longer to make than other sushi places I've been, but they provide complimentary miso soup so you have something to eat while you wait. The portions are also generous. We'll definitely be back!
5	Soy Sexy roll goes so hard. Always have a happy hour, really good price. Perfect place where quality meets cost. I suggest seaweed salad and yellow fin salad when they have it.. They also have green label kiren beer every now and then
5	Definitely my favorite sushi restaurant in Arizona (the two that come closest are Tomo, which is ironically across the street, and Stingray sushi in Scottsdale). Delicious rolls (I'm a big unagi--eel--fan, and I personally think that they do those best out of any sushi restaurant I've been to), great appetizers, friendly service, and reasonable prices. You have to try the cactus roll--it's amazing.
4	My too favorite rolls are the Lotus Roll, this is about presentation, there is something about a sushi roll that arrives at your table on fire!  My other favorite is the Poison Ivy, a little bit of a spicy kick, and flavorful!  I recommend this place as well as those two rolls.
5	Came in for some sushi and was pleasantly surprised how good everything was. The portions were large and our server was excellent.
5	We had dinner and ordered the Nakama sampler to start. It was very good, the lotus roll was the highlight of our meal. We will be back for sure!
3	The quality of the fish was fairly high and the rolls & nigiri are HUGE! Most of the more creative rolls are $10-$12 but they are larger than most other places so the value is decent. The overall creativity and taste of the sushi is just average. The service is not good here. The waitstaff are slow, unhelpful and generally aren't excited to be there. It makes for a poor experience..the service is worse than most fast food restaurants. They have a good happy hour and decent drink specials but I won't be back because of the service.
1	I wasn't impressed by the decor. It's mostly red and black which should work but when I saw the patio furniture it was ripped and clearly worn out.My friend got the stuff mushrooms and I had the Lotus Roll.  The mushrooms were not stuffed mushrooms. Rather they were mixed with this seafood and deep friend and came out the size the baseballs.  The Lotus roll came out on a bed of fire which I have to admit was awesome. But the flavor left me wanting something else. It was incredibly sweet and felt like a course mush in my mouth. I wasn't impressed by this place and I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.  I don't recommend this place.
1	Lost my businessWhile dining with my children,  the manager approached our table to inform us that we were sitting at a reserved table and she needed  to move us. The hostess seated us at a table reserved for a later time. The manager questioned how i was seated there, clearly asking if I seated myself. Although I was told the patrons were there and waiting to be seated, 20 minutes later they showed up. But we moved WHILE in the middle of eating our appetizer which we were told she would move to our new table and would be on her for the inconvenience.  Gee thanks for disrupting my family's dinner and comp ' ing a $5 dish. Our waiter was embarrassed and tried hard to improve our dining experience and we appreciated that. BUT, Never once did the manager stop by to check on us. Apparently, gaining repeat customers is not as important as making happy the family or friends that the table was reserved for. It is no wonder they had several open tables on a Friday night while the nearby sushi competitor had a line out the door.
5	My husband and I wanted to watch the USC football game and enjoy yummy food. We stopped by other restaurants and the wait was 45 minutes. We noticed televisions from a distance as we passed Nakama, so we thought maybe they have the game on. We walked in and sat in the lounge area and one of the very friendly staff changed the channel. We shared the Nakama sampler and chicken fried rice. I enjoyed everything we tried, especially the monkey brains. We will be back to try an entree next time coupled with the monkey brains. The California rolls in the sampler were also very fresh. I definitely recommend this laid back restaurant.
4	just went there for happy hour - very good!  got a saketini and mt fugi for $5 each.  got a spicy cali for $4 and a couple other rolls for the hh special price $7.  we thought the prices were very good - even got the free edamame for checking in on yelp so that's nice!  nice place, good server. will go again for happy hour.
4	Oishii desu!  Delicious and great happy hour prices!
3	Hit or miss. Upon walking in, you may or may not receive a prompt greeting or seating. I think it depends on the time of the day. Early afternoons they seem to be understaffed, and it shows from being seated, to not being able to complete a meal on a 30 minute lunch break because of how long it takes to receive your meal. If you arrive in the evening they have more staff, however more customers so it's still slow on receiving your meal. The staff have all been pleasant. The food is average in taste, and a slightly higher in price than their competition. The atmosphere is pretty cool inside except for the background house style music they play all the time. Depending on which wall you are seated next to, it's common for one of us to leave with a headache from the obnoxious low bass coming from the speakers. We almost got up and left recently because of how bad it was where they sat us in the lounge.The outside patio is not happening. It doesn't even match the sultry theme of the inside. They have a great thing started here, I think it just needs some enthusiasm from the ownership to really make consistent and timely service a priority.
1	If you have 5 hours to spare this is the place. They take forever to bring your sushi and the customer service sucks!  There was only one waiter here and every one waited over an hour just for food! It's ridiculous and it didn't even taste that great. I used to come here all the time and I absolutely loved it. The quality of the sushi and customer service is horrible.
1	Sorry to say that Rey and Becky (owners) have let down there regulars on a regular basis.  We've had problems the last three times and they've either got it wrong or took way too long.  Tonight was no different.  They catered to a large party and told us they purposely out to go orders behind them...I've been a regular since they've opened.  For better service go to Tomo...WAY BETTER SERVICE!!!!
1	We used to come here all the time for the atmosphere and good food, but the last few times the customer service has been HORRIBLE the food hasn't been all that either. They have gotten orders wrong and then are rude about it, offer a credit and when you try to redeem it they tell you someone's already used it, WTH! I ordered a take out order was quoted 45 minutes and got there exactly 45 minutes later and still waited 30 minutes only to be told that they were BARELY making my order because a large group had showed up AFTER I placed my order and they decided to put the big groups food in first. I asked for a refund and left. We will not be returning! So upsetting idk what happened to this place.
5	Best sushi place in the West Valley. Tommy is always our server and is the main reason we love it so much! He's attentive, on the ball, and super personable.
4	On par! Started with the edamame and sake bombers followed by Miso soup. 3 way split with Gila monster poison ivy and Marilyn Mon roll. Everything was delicious and our sever Tommy was great.
2	My hubby and I LOVE Sushi. We have been all over the valley and we have our favorites. This place is definitely NOT our favorite. Wont be coming back. Prices are too high for quality. Came for Happy Hour and Their menu for it sucks. They have like 5 rolls no one wants on it. Too much rice on rolls. Rolls are loose and fall apart easy. And overall taste of the sushi was EH. Paid $44 for 2 people on HH. Tomo near by is much better!!
4	Ive never been a fan of sushi but this place is the restaurant  that changed my mind.  Now ill give it to you that the ambiance isnt all that great. But i love their sushi and their monkey brains (stuffed mushrooms) and i don't even like mushrooms that much either.  If you're not sure about this place at least  go in, get a menu and you can call in an order some other day. That's what i do. Cali rolls  take about 15 minutes(my most common order) and that's how long it takes me to get there so it works for me. And for $6.50? That's pretty convenient as well
