3	It's a hot dog joint, and a good one. Prices are alright. I paid less than a sawbuck for two dogs all the way and a soda; service was good and fast. It's a neighborhood spot and you're probably done in less than 20 minutes. While I've never met a hot dog I didn't like, who lingers over them. I recommend the place over most other quick eateries in the neighborhood...and there seem to be a lot of them popping up.
5	Ahh! A taste of Chicago right here at home. I've tried all the places that claim to be Chicago style, and before, only Amore Pizza was a true fit. Windy City is also the real deal. They do combos and dogs just like back home on the south side. They even have pizza puffs and tom tom tamales. Only their fries are better than any I had in Chicago, crispy and fluffy on the inside, slighty salty, just perfect with ketchup. Looks like we'll be regulars.
5	Was on the way home and remembered to finally stop by this joint and take it off my "To Do List".....thank God I did!  It was 10:45 am and I wondered if they would be open.....they were, lucky me!I was greeted by the owner and his Wife.....at least it appeared as if they owned the joint.  They were very friendly and welcoming.  It's a casual restaurant with 10 or 12 tables inside and 8-10 counter seats near the grill.  There's also a few tables outside with umbrellas if you like to dine outdoors.I browsed the menu and was getting excited with every item I saw.....Vienna Beef Dogs, Beef Sandwiches, Iltaco Pizza Puffs......WAIT, Pizza Puffs?!  Holy $hit, that changes everything....I love those things!I couldn't control myself, so I ordered a #2 Two Chicago Dogs w/Relish, Pickle Spear, Tomato, Hot Peppers, Mustard, Onions, Seasoned Salt....and Fries ($6.00)....plus I ordered a Pizza Puff ($3.50) and washed it down with a bottle of Coke Zero.  Dammit, there goes the diet!  The lady asked for my name and asked if I was dining in or taking out....I told her dine-in.I saddled up to a table and anxiously waited for the food.  While I was waiting I noticed a man with his Son sitting at the counter.  They were eating Chicago Dogs and he was telling his Son how a Chicago Dog is made and how it should taste....the owner, who was grilling it up was there telling the kid about how to make the Dog....it was awesome.After a few minutes my order was ready.  The lady brought it out to my table....I unwrapped both Dogs and the bag of Fries and put them together on one wrap so I could eat it uninterrupted.  She told me the Pizza Puff was still cooking so it would be a few minutes....that's pretty standard to wait for Pizza Puffs, so I didn't care.  The Dogs were covered in Mustard, which is how I like it.....if you don't like too much Mustard on your Dog, I suggest you tell them ahead of time.  The first bite was an explosion of Awesome on my taste buds....it was sooo good!  The Vienna Beef Dog was full of flavor and the combination of toppings was just how I remember the Dogs in Chi-town.  The Relish is the atomic green colored stuff you find in Chi-town.  This place is legit!The Fries were piping hot and seasoned with a Salty seasoning....if you don't like your Fries too Salty, then I suggest you either ask for them plain or tell them easy on the seasoning.  I liked it.  It complimented the Dogs just right.  The Dogs were average size.....not too big, do don't expect a 1/4 lb Dog with the #2.  I think they offer larger Dogs with other combo meals, but not with the #2.The Pizza Puff came out shortly after I started eating.  I waited until I was done with the Dogs before I moved over to that bad boy.  It was wrapped in the traditional Iltaco Pizza Puff wrapper.....those of you familiar with Pizza Puffs know what I'm talking about.  I bit into the greasy, flaky, doughy Crust and mmmm.....yeah, it's the Pizza Puff that I've grown to love.  Inside of the flaky, doughy Crust is a filling of Pizza Sauce, Sausage, and Cheese.  Dammit, these things are addicting and I just discovered this place....I have a feeling I will be here often.The owners were very attentive and asked if I was ok and needed anything.  After I was finished, they asked how I liked it....I gave them the thumbs up and a big smile.  They were smiling too and said "See you soon Peter!"......I love family owned businesses who pay attention to their customers.  While I was there 6 or 7 people came in and they knew all of them by first name.  I hope I get to know them better too.Will I return?  This place has won my clogged artery Heart....you bet I will!  Now, back to the gym to burn off these calories.
5	I have no words. THAT good! Staff was so friendly and there was just a great vibe to the place. Had the Italian beef sandwich and again wow, no words. Simply amazing. Definitely will be going back!
4	Not very health and not a great ambiance but this shit is goood : )
4	My wife is in love with all things Chicago so I decided to try Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs and was pleasantly suprised.  Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs has its strong points and its weak points.  One thing I do like about this restaraunt is that they use very high quality ingredients.  I had a beef and sausage sandwich and the beef was fresh and juicy and the sausage was huge (no dinky small sausage around here).  I also liked this relish like substance they put on their sandwich, which is a combination of carrots, peppers, and onions.  The Au Jus was delicious.   One thing I would say though is this is not a place to go if you are trying to monitor your cholestrol or even lose a few pounds.  Everything is greasy and fattening, but this is not necessarily a bad thing if it is done right (and in this case it is).  The only complaint I had about my sandwich is that it might use some more seasoning as it was slightly bland.  It is possible though this is a more stylistic attribute of the Chicago style food so I can't complain.All in All Great place.
4	Great and amazing feel, you walk in and immediately feel like you are a diner in chicago, or at least the way the movies portray them as I have never been there. The signage on the walls and staff just have the look and feel of people from Chicago. Everything from the layout to the feel is awesome.The food is great, the fries came in a paper  bag!! That was awesome, the hot dog, #3 the chili dog is what I got and loved, the bun stayed together so I was able to actually hold it like a hot dog and eat it, Usually the buns will fall apart and you have to eat with a knife and fork, not this one, it will hold together which was a huge bonus. I would highly encourage a visit the, instead of 5 I am giving it 4, while the price isn't expensive still seemed a little high, I could see with more business the prices dropping a little bit in the future. Make sure you visit this place and check it out, worth the visit! Really looking forward to seeing a Chicago Bears game at this place, maybe part of a Cubs or White Sox's game as well, just seems like everyone would go crazy!!!
4	Windy City is now serving Gyros. They're good. Real good. They're making their own Tzaziki sauce. It's cool and creamy with a little bite. They also have hot Giardiniera now. Beef sandwiches just got better!
4	It's a small place, but with a very friendly staff. They seem to know the names of a lot of the customers, which is always a good sign to me.I am completely in love with Italian beef/sausage sandwiches, and I have yet to find anything to compare to what I get in Chicago. But, this is definitely the place to go to for these sandwiches in Vegas. If you go on Wednesdays, it's 'Windy City Wednesdays' which means you get a free drink and order of fries if you get the Combo Sandwich. The sausage is a little peppery and nicely grilled, while the Italian Beef is tender and juicy. You can get the sandwiches either dry, wet, or dipped. I also tried their pizza puffs. Never had one before so I didn't know what to expect. But, what I did get was delicious. As good as it was though, it makes me feel super guilty eating it because the amount of calories it must have. This definitely isn't the place to go to, if you're looking to trim down. But, they have good food at decent prices.
4	Oooo this place is trouble. And when I say that, I mean trouble for the other hot dog chains out there. this hot dog joint is more of a keeper than your mama's pearl earrings given to you when you turned 16.There's nothing fancy about this place and its eats. And that's how a hot dog joint should be. Came in and it's a lil more spacious than your average hot dog stand on a street. i ordered my hotdog(#1) with some fries and a drink. my order came faster than i can take a picture for yelp. but of course not like a fast food chain. when the lady delivered my food, i can smell the freshness of the hot dog, peppers, mustard, even the poppy-seeds(jk). but the thin freshly fried seasoned(lowry's?) fries were double the amount of the hot dog, which was able to fill me up. it came in a basket, in your typical brown paper bag and paper wrap with no name. anti-fancy. thank you for that. did i forget to say how delicious the food was? yes, there's not much to do when it comes to hot dogs, just the hot dog, bun, and a bunch of toppings. but they fulfilled the meat's destiny just right. oh, you bet i'll be back.
5	It's almost like being back in Chicago to visit family.  Add snow and it is like being back in Chicago.  Great food and they made you feel like you were in a neighborhood place.  Pizza puffs and the italian beef were amazing and they even had greenriver soda!
5	This spot has great chicago food, no more, no less.  Now I am not from chicago but I have been there and stuffed my face with all different types of chicago food.  I am not going to get into exactly what makes a great chicago dog, that is another show, all I will say is that if you don't know it is one of this countries great culinary achievements and they follow the formula to a T.  Their italian beefs are real good too, tasty and tender but I typically get the 2 chicago dog meal that comes with some great fresh cooked delicious fries for like 6 bucks.  Their chili dog is solid too but the chicago dog is better for me.  This atmosphere is great, the only thing that reminds you that you are not in some staple chicago spot that has been around for 30 years is how new and clean the place is, with any luck in a few years it will get more dingy.  I always sit at the counter and bug the cooks who are always friendly.  This place is truly a gem.
4	So far Windy City Beef-n-Dogs is the best Chicago style fast food I've found in Vegas. Too bad it's on the opposite side of town from where I live or I'd go there more often.They have all the real stuff- Vienna Beef dogs, poppy seed buns, Italian beef, sausage, Maxwell St. Polish, even pizza puffs and tamales. I think they even have Old Style beer on tap!You can't beat the 2 dog special with fries for $6 when other places in town are charging $6 + for a single dog!Their beef/sausage combo is as good as any I've had in Chicago. I hadn't had one in almost 2 years and it was really good stuff although a bit expensive.I think they just recently added gyros sandwiches to their menu and I had one the other night. As with their other stuff the portion was ample and it was made with care. My only gripe is they are using pre sliced gyros and don't have the whole spit - rotisserie setup. I would encourage them to get the whole setup. I know it must be an expensive outlay originally, but having a good gyros in the lineup completes the Chicago menu nicely.The restaurant looks like it's a family run place. All the people behind the counter are real Chicagoans who put the necessary care into the food and they really respect the tradition. It shows in the quality and taste.If you want to have your own Chicago cook out, they even sell all the dogs, beef, sausages, buns and fixings by the pound to take home.I'll continue to go back when I can. How about opening a Henderson location? :-)
4	I saw a few reviews on this place and decided to check it out. I had no idea it was so close to us and right next to the Von's I frequent. Not sure how I overlooked this place.I'm originally from northern Illinois, about 90 miles outside of Chicago. My wife had never been to Illinois until a couple of years ago. While there we went to Taste of Chicago where she had her first Chicago dog and immediately fell in love.We have been to Windy City twice in the past two weeks since discovering it. The second time we invited my parents who also were in search of a little taste of home.The first time we went, my wife got the Chicago dogs and a Green River (limey ginger ale soda). I got the Italian sausage and a pizza puff. I'm not  a big fan of hot dogs, but my wife confirmed they were solid reproductions of authentic Chicago dogs. The Italian sausage was decent. I had never had a pizza puff before and am now a fan. My wife's meal came with fries which were really good, nice and thin and crispy. Just the way I like them.The second time we went my wife again got a Chicago dog. I got an Italian beef sandwich. I don't think I'd ever had an Italian beef sandwich before. I got mine dipped with cheese, peppers, and giardinera. I liked mine a lot. I think I'll get that again. I might get it wet though, which ironically is drier than the dipped. The dipped was really good but the sogginess made it difficult to eat.
3	This place was a good reminder of what a great all-the-fixings dog can be.  And of how much Chicago rocks!  My problem was that they put sweet peppers on their dogs -- not exactly abnormal, I know -- and they burst like a bouncing betty mine all over me every time I bit into a hot dog!  Just a whole mess of vinegar and madness.  So... skip those.  Otherwise, it's an okay dog combo, especially for the prices!
5	As someone from the Windy City, this is like having food from back home. The beef sandwich is amazing. Pizza puffs bring back many childhood memories.
5	Im not from Chicago, nor have I ever been. I've seen plenty of shit on reality television shows to tell me Italian Beef sandwiches are awesome. I've been looking for a good one for awhile. I found my new favorite Italian Beef spot.When you first walk inside Windy City its filled with banners for your favorite Chicago sports team and if the team is playing, then they'll be playing it.  Pretty nice for you Chicago fans. There are plenty of tables to sit at and a bar type seating at the actual kitchen. Good setup if you are going with small group of friends or just popping in by your lonesome.Service? Fast and helpful. I've been once before and the 3 employees who were working, were also working today, which I assume are the owners. The cashier remembered me from my last trip and responded accordingly. My first time being remembered at an establishment, which tells me 2 things, 1. that was a very nice feeling to have and 2. if they remembered me they probably need more business. (and they deserve it)What did I order?the #4, Titled Best of Both Worlds. A chicago dog, a 3" Italian beef and fries. I asked them to chili cheese my fries because last time they were pretty good. Less than ten minutes after I ordered I received my special fat ass order.How did it Taste?You really cant go wrong with a Chicago Dog. Now again I've never eaten one from the Windy City itself, but this local joint is right up there with what I have had. Vienna beef dogs are fantastic and so are their poppy seed buns. The Italian beef, as I really have no Chi Town reference was tender and juicy. You can order it dry, wet or dipped in their homemade au jus. I ordered wet. If you go then you have to at least get it wet. ;) They will also offer you either peppers, cheese or giardinera for it. I, of course ordered Giardinera. If you've never put giardinera on any of your food, you're really missing out. Did I spell giardinera wrong? who the fuck cares because its delicious. The bread with au jus, the juicy beef, and the giardinera adds up to juicy, melt in my mouth good time.Price? So a #4 which includes a Chicago Dog and a 3" Italian beef, upgrade to chili cheese fries, an extra side of giardnera and a diet coke comes to under $13. Trust me you can fill up for under $10, I just wanted to go over the top.So my first Yelp review and it was long, but I wanted to write it because I want you to go to WIndy City! Enjoy!
5	The most awsome dogs in Las Vegas!  They truly make an authentic Chicago dog.  Their bags of fries come as an extra treat with your dog.  You must try their Italian beef (you can dip it yourself) and their gyros with homemade sauce. The burgers are huge.   The chef is terrific as are the owners and staff.  They are tops on customer service and remember everyone's name even though they serve a high volume of people!   Treat yourself to great food and go to Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs, you will love it.  You will even get a free piece of Double Bubble gum!!  You don't need to be from Chi town to enjoy this place.
4	Overall a decent experience. Looks like the pricing is good too. I definitely want to come back and try the burger.  I had the #4 which is great because you get a Chicago dog and a small Italian beef.
5	Good food. Decent price they close way too early!!!
4	A hard swallow o_OHot can't even begin to describe the spicy mustard coated maxwell street style polish. Verbose enough? As of late I've been divulging into spicy meals where ever & whenever feasible & its been rather flat out, well that's just about it, flat (or maybe I haven't been going to the right places)As I chatted away with the friendly lady over the counter about all things chi (yes I'm from chicago) the busy bodies of the place were preparing what would be, my last spicy treat for...oh let's say the next decade.After a short wait, my meal slid in, coated with sport peppers, spicy mustard & everything else in the kitchen sink! Slid the peppers out of the way & worked my way into the meal. A quarter of the way through the heat had started building up, near half point it felt like an atomic orgasm had just erupted in my mouth! My palate was having a seizure, sweat gushed out of their glands & the tears could no longer be held back! It was scorching hot! To the point where my tongue started rejecting the food the moment it made contact! I gazed at the lady as she remarks "you wanted it spicy" & I return the gesture with the look of defeat. As I take a long pause from the meal to let the heat wear out.All in all I shall return! For more of the pleasurable punishment! Friendly chi-town staff, neighborly & real. Sorry I couldn't say a proper g-bye, I was sucking up the blood o.O (i kid)
4	Wanted to try hot dogs today, there are several places all over Vegas and this place has had good reviews, so my husband and I stopped in to give them a try. First, this place is small and the tables are limited and close together, there is a bar that allows you to sit grill side, and some tables outside. You walk all the way in to place your order and since this place was packed, I grabbed us a table and my husband stood in line to order. The dogs came out quickly, and we dug in, I got the polish sausage and fries. Served on a poppy seed bun and served with grilled onions, and the hottest peppers. The fries were fresh out of the fryer, so they were hot and crisp. This dog was good, each bite was fresh and no soggy bun here! I'd come back and try again, it's simple, fresh, and fast.
1	So I ordered online, and an hour goes by still not delivered. I call the woman on the phone was very rude. Said until I called they had "no way of contacting me" the online receipt they sent me has my number and address on it twice but somehow not on their end? really poor on their part. Then she went on to tell me "we only deliver to businesses as it says on the website" well so far I have checked the home page, menu, and online delivery tab without one word about them only delivering to businesses. If I could give them zero stars I would.
4	I had the combo #2 it came with 2 Chicago dogs w/ fries for $6 , the dogs were very good . The dogs had a nice flavor, all beef my favorite. The price is right and service was very friendly and quick.      What more could you want from a hot dog place.
5	I was born and raised in Chicago so I'm always a bit skeptical of places with "Chicago Hot Dog" on the menu. That usually means they may have discovered celery salt somewhere or maybe some tomato wedges. Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs is the real deal from the Vienna Beef products, Tom-Tom tamales (an extruded bit of tastiness), Gonnella bread, etc. etc.The service is excellent and you can browse the mail order Chicago Sun-Times while you wait. You just need that Blago fix that the local news outlets just can't match.I usually eat here at least 3 or 4 times a month. The #4 is a great way to taste the beef and the hot dogs.Dont bother to order ketchup on your hot dogs here either.
5	We threw a party for 30 to celebrate Independence Day and ordered from Windy City's bulk menu to provide Italian beef for the hungry crowd. We picked up the fixings (beef, au jus, bread, peppers and giardinera) a few hours before the party and it was a breeze to prep and serve. It was a big hit. Many had never experience such a thing before, yet they loved it.
5	What can I say? It was love at first bite. It has character, attitude, and the food to back it up. It is cheap, easy and quick. The chili cheese anything is delicious!
3	The MIL was hoping we'd pick some good old American fare so I found this place was close by their house and thought 4.5 star average can't be wrong. I got the #4 Hot dog & 3in beef sandwich w/ fries ($7.95). I love Chicago dogs and theirs is pretty legit, though not my favorite in town. I realized I prefer a snappy dog than a softer, boiled dog which I have the option elsewhere.  I dont like when boiled dogs wet the bread either. It's just a preference and is not a reflection that this place is bad. I think if you're feeling a Chi-dog, this should be on the short list as this is pretty close to what I've had in Chicago.   The beef sandwich comes with different options: au jus- dipped, wet or side, cheese, giardiniera- hot or mild. I put my au jus on the side and good thing since the sandwich was already kind of wet and falling apart. I didn't feel the au jus added much and half the cup was oil. The giardiniera was pretty good and I got the hot kind and it was spicy! That was just okay and just a bit too soggy and greasy for my liking.  Just doesn't settle right with me- Windy City indeed! I blamed it on my MILs old dog though! The fries were thin cut, seasoned well and crispy- these are how I like my fries! My BF also got the same combo and the MIL and grandma split one and sandwich was the least favorite.My MIL got the footlong chili and cheese dog w/ fries ($5.75) and I took a bite. I'm not a chili type person, but I try a bite whenever my BF or MIL order chili items and this was pretty good. The BF said he'd order it next time and she thought it was tasty.The service was alright. There was a mistake on the order, but they were quick to correct it. The lady who brought us our order came back to check on us and was friendly. This really isn't a full service place though- the drinks, condiments, utensils, trash is DIY and you order at the counter. I can see why people like this place as it's comfort type foods. I can't really say my experience was 4 star worthy as there was aspects of the food I liked and then there are parts that fell short. I think we will return specially since the in laws enjoyed themselves. I would like to try their Polish sausage since it's grilled to get snappy next time.
5	The best place in town that really captures how Chicago food should taste like. I highly recommend the Chicago dog/Italian Beef (dipped) combo.
5	Da dawgs!If you live in Vegas, you already know you can visit Paris, the Big Apple or Italy with just a short drive to the Strip.So often, however, these Vegas versions leave much to be desired. Our Paris is packed with slot machines and plastic Eiffel Towers full of daiquiris; New York- New York is a watered down, corporate version of the real thing and apart from the gondolas, visiting the Venetian is about as exciting as a trip to Epcot Center, complete with bewildered herds of tourists.But step inside Windy City and bam! There you are in a downtown Chicago hot dog joint, complete with mouth-watering smells, packed with photos from Wrigley and Soldier Fields and staffed by the kind of smiling, friendly Midwestern folk who've made hundreds  of hot dog spots in the real windy city longtime tourist favorites.Like about 80 percent of Chicago vendors, Windy City sells Vienna Beef hot dogs, and the cooks here build 'em any way you want. I recommend you order yours Chicago style: in a warm, soft bun and piled high with tomato, onion, green relish, pickle, sport peppers, mustard and celery salt. (Also, it should be a crime NOT to try the chili-cheese fries.) Grab your dog and head back to any number of the tiny tables lining this narrow, in-love-with-Chicago hot dog heaven. Check out the wall photos of Walter Payton or the Chicago skyline. Lose yourself for a moment in a haze of beef, bun and that warm, world-famous Chicago family feeling.Unlike other themed hot dog spots in the valley, Windy City offers a superior product at a reasonable price, is meticulously clean and actually feels and sounds (thanks to its funny, outgoing staff) like its namesake. Las Vegas and Chicago: two cities joined at the hot dog (to paraphrase a favorite writer of mine).
5	Y'know, I was unfair a 3 stars before...now this isn't Bouchon by any stretch of the imagination, but I've never met a hot dog I didn't like, nor have I eaten at Windy City and not wanted more. I have no idea about the "beef" part of it, but there's not dog on the menu that I haven't loved.
4	I was on Lake Mead, thinking about trying Hanshinko's tacos, and after getting frustrated I went to Windy City's and boy am I glad I did! the fries were the bomb. The chicago
5	I have nothing to say because everything is good. Five stars say it all the way!
4	I really can't tell you how well the chicago dog was compared to others; it's the first I've ever had. But I thought it was pretty good, even though the dog itself seemed kind of small. I guess that's just how they come. The toppings were plenty however, and the seasoned fries were delicious.My favorite thing here has to be the italian beef sandwich, which comes mild or hot. Be careful, when they say hot, they mean hot, not that pussified wannabe spicy crap you get at most places. So, so good!
4	I had been wanting to stop in for some time. It was worth it! Delicious dog! Although I did request no onion (I know... bad), I got onions anyway. The kicker was that it was still great! I'll be back for sure to try other stuff.
5	As all my friends will attest to, I'm a picky eater. So to get 5 stars from me is rare. My two all time favorite foods are nachos and chili dogs with chili fries.    I have been on a Mecca to find the best of all three in town. The chili dog and fries blow the competition out of the water. I have two really good friends from Chicago and Boston so I'm bringing them here for their reviews next. Cheap, excellent food, and my server was both cute and nice! A+. Since I have written this review I found another place just as good and closer to home. Great Links.
2	OK the Dogs are good. And I remember the Pizza Puffs growing up on the South Side. (Chi Town Peeps know what I'm talking about) I gave it 2 stars because of the Italian Beef Sandwich. IT NEEDS WORK!. That's what I came for.
4	Waz Tired Of Eating & Paying Extra $$$ For Food On The Strip ... So I Took My Fam Bam For A Cruz Around The Las Vegas Area & Found "WINDY CITY"... I Luv Chi-Town Food So I Waz Game To Try It Out ... Food was Very Good & Very Reasonable in Price $$ ... Friendly Service & We'll B For Sure Visiting Again, Wen Wer In Las Vegas ...
5	Every great restaurant must have a few key components. The most obvious and most important characteristic of a great restaurant is great food. Great food does not have to be fancy or unique. Sometimes, the most ordinary food can become great simply by perfecting the recipe.  The food at Windy City Beef and Dogs on West Lake Mead is great. Windy City specializes in Chicago style hot dogs. They are terrific and definitely worthy of a whole restaurant dedicated to them. But, if you dig a little deeper into their menu, you will find beef sandwiches, Reubens and the best cheeseburger in all of Las Vegas. While all their food is delicious, their cheeseburger will leave you excited for the next trip to Windy City. The cheeseburger is hot, juicy and perfectly seasoned. It is described on the menu as "A Mouth Watering 100% All Beef Patty with Lettuce, Onions, Tomato & Pickles. Special Sauce Served on Sesame Seed Bun." All of these ingredients meld together to make the perfect cheeseburger. Each bite is a testament to the very invention of the cheeseburger. You will never be satisfied by another one again. Windy City also has many different kinds of specials. They have a calendar with a daily special. One of them is if you check into Facebook from the restaurant, you get a free bag of chips. There is also a board next to the front of the line that contains a couple of first names. If your name is on the board, and you can prove it is yours with identification, you get a free Chicago style hot dog. It is quite a bit of fun to check that board for your name.  The third thing that makes Windy City really great is that it is family owned. In a day and age where mom and pop enterprises are no match for big box stores and chain restaurants, it is refreshing to find a family owned restaurant with good, honest food and decent prices.   Family owned restaurants are more customer friendly and the family that runs this restaurant are no exception. They are obviously happy to have their customers and treat them well. The cashier is always very friendly and so are the cooks. You can even sit at the bar and talk to them. So, the next time you are looking for a place to eat, bring your family down to meet the family at Windy City on West Lake Mead. Maybe your name will be on the board there and you can have a free hot dog in addition to your cheeseburger. If that isn't enough food for you, you can always order the double cheeseburger.  Whatever you order, whether it be the dipped beef sandwich or the pizza puff, you will not be disappointed and you will probably have found your new standard dinner out.  As one customer on Yelp said, "Will I return? This place has won my clogged artery Heart....you bet I will!"
5	One word for this place: Authentic.I'm from Chicago, and I'm sick of going someplace, ordering a "Chicago dog," and having some girl from Thousand Oaks serve me something that is anything but Chicago-style. Not here.This place has legit Chicago everything. Real Maxwell St. Polish and Italian beef.  The Giardiniera is authentic Chicago-style, awesome--no nasty vinegar, just high quality olive oil. If you live too far to get lunch here regularly, I'd stop in and buy Giardiniera to go, it's just that good.If you're from Chicago you will appreciate a true dipped beef sandwich, an absolute mess of deliciousness. Truly the taste of home. There's nothing like watching the Bulls win or the Cubs lose while enjoying an authentic beef sandwich.For non-Chicagoans, I can't promise that you'll love it. But I can assure you that this is by far the most authentic Chicago hotdog place in Las Vegas. Can't beat it for a $10 lunch.
1	Where where where to start with this place.Ill start with walking in, to a small over crowded restaurant with menu that hangs loomingly over your head making you crink your neck back trying to see the few small options. If someone had been siting at the table near the register we wouldnt have been able to see the menu.Then upon review of the menu at the "Authentic chicago hot dog place in vegas" discvered THEY DONT EVEN HAVE A CHEESE DOG!!!Once we ordered and paid for over incredibly over priced food. 8.75 for a bun with a scorched hot dog(what my girlfriend got instead of a cheese dog), a small drink and what any restaurant would consider to be smaller than a small amount of unseasoned reheated and mushy french fries served to us in a paper bag like I was in kindergarten going to school with a sack lunch.I ordered a Italian beef sandwich dry with au jus. When I unwrap this the bun is so damp and wet that it was stuck to the paper monstrosity they wrapped it in. I ended up tearing 1/4 of the bun off as to not eat paper. I take my first bite only to discover more atrocities lie in wait. The "Italian beef" is more like dehydrated beef so dry that when I took a piece I couldnt even fold a 1 inch piece without it crumbling apart. the au jus they gave me might as well of been water with some brown food dye in it to make it appear to be au jus.All in all a pathetic excuse of a restaurant. A news article on the wall from when it opened says that the owners number 1 rule is to not call peoples order out by order number and get to know every customers name. Well they certainly didnt call my order number out but they didn't fulfill the other half either and ask my name instead the eye lid seizuring waitress yelled at me while I was reading with my order.This is one place I will definitely never recommend as my girlfriend (who is from chicago put it) the only thing on the menu chicago was the all beef hot dogs which were not cooked chicago style but were instead charred on a grill until black and crispy.If there were a no star rating thats what I would give.Secondly this is not my first time visiting a yelp restaurant but I was so disappointed in this entire experience I felt compelled to share for the first time on yelp. Dodge this place at all costs.
4	I've been here several times, and have tried something different each time. Here's what I liked and didn't like:Really Liked:- Polish Sausage: crisp, meaty, tasty, and filling- Giardiniera: good flavor and a very nice kick- Gyro: the meat is juicy, and the fresh made tzatziki is excellentLiked:- Hot dogs: pretty good, but I've had better Chicago dogs; nothing that especially stands outOn the Fence:- Italian beef: maybe it's just the one I had, but it was oddly bland- Fries: a little too hard, a little too saltyDidn't Like:- Pizza puff: kind of a greasy messOverall, though, the food there I like outweighs the food I'm neutral towards or don't like. The folks there are also very friendly and they always have ESPN on at least one screen, which is a plus for me. I definitely recommend WCBND, especially their polish sausage and gyro.
5	From Chicago.....craving a pizza puff and fries, maxwell street polish, vienna beef sand??? This is the place to go....Super friendly staff who go out of their way to make you feel like your back home. Had my fiance try a juicy vienna beef sand with mozzarella and sweet peppers (as only a true chicagoan can order) he was hooked from the first bite. I had my fix of a pizza puff, left out with a big smile. Everything was great...They offer daily specials like free dog if your wearing a cubs jersey, etc. Support a Chicago business and give them a try, I know you won't be disappointed..
5	This place does it right. These guys are the real thing. Not posers, not corporate. Good reasonably priced dogs. Big, juicy, Corned Beef Ruben sandwiches, Gyro's, Polish dogs.  All good. The owners work in the restaurant and are very friendly. And once again, reasonably priced with good portions.
5	This place is awesome!! The food is amazing and employees are very friendly! The elder gentleman who is the cook every time we come in, is probably the main reason we come back. As soon as we came in he knew that we were new and gave us some options and explained where they get all the products, A+ in my book.
4	As most Yelpers have undoubtedly learned, one does not have to eat "high end" to enjoy food.  In fact, fine dining is likely enjoyed more if it is modulated by some kickass-tasting "lowly" cuisine in between--like a really good humble hot dog, a great pastrami sandwich, savory beef dip, or juicy burger.  A steady diet of rich and complex foodstuffs can soon become boring without diverting here and there to something simple but delicious with some zip in it.  This is where a place like Windy City Beefs 'N Dogs can come in handy.  While it wasn't the best Chicago Dog I have eaten outside of Chicago (I still prefer the Chicago Dog at Great Links), the relatively small Chicago Dog I consumed at Windy City was nevertheless a very good one.  Made with a Vienna Beef wiener that was gently placed inside a steamed Vienna poppyseed bun and dressed with mustard, onion, emerald green relish, a pickle spear, tomatoes, and sport peppers with celery salt, this was one mean dog. One sport pepper fell on the floor before my mouth could get to it, but the remaining one still packed enough punch for a normal pair.  My Chicago Dog was part of a #4 Windy City's Best of Both Worlds, which included a 3-inich Italian Beef Sandwich made with a Gonnella roll that was served soaked in a great homemade au jus.  The Italian Beef, made with thin, crumbly slices of cooked beef, was mild but very tasty.  And, skin-on fries were excellent.  But the extra Mozzarella Cheese ordered for Diane's Beef Dip was only half melted. Besides enjoying the food, I liked the atmosphere here of a no-nonsense Chi-Town sports-themed eatery, with Bulls, Blackhawks, Cubs, and White Sox banners hung on the walls.  I will in all probability be back.
5	Great hot dog joint off the beaten path. Tried the polish dog and it reminded me of something right out of a stadium or a street cart.Going back ASAP
4	This place gets a solid 4 stars for many reasons.  One being the closest to a real Chicago dog from real Chicago peeps I have had outside of Chicago.  The firm but soft bun, the snap of a great dog (however I did not get the vienna dog I hear those are better) the mustard on the dog, the oh so sweet relish that for some reason you cannot find but online, the oh so snappy pickle, the crisp firm onions and the firm pickled spicy sport peppers, oh and don't forget the special salt.  An all and all great Chicago dog!  Oh and a Bag of fries, gotta like that one ;)  However I almost got slightly distracted from my goal and got the Ruben a favorite of mine that I rarely order.  Ok next time...So the solid 4 stars come from the owners working behind the cook bar, and the fact that they came by twice not just for me but others as well to see how the food was.  The wife-owner also came by to take baskets away (take baskets away at a fast food spot?! AWESOME!)  and make sure you were full.  While we were there a steady stream of people came and went.  I found out they used to have a spot downtown that was recently closed down due to downtown building improvements.  I don't remember people being this friendly in Chicago but I do remember a time when people were this friendly in general.  It was an awesome change as far as treatment goes and I love a small business run how it should be run by people who care.
5	First time here and I think this is, by far, THE best burger I've had in a long time. The hot dogs are also very good and the service was outstanding. Will be coming back soon.
4	Yaaaay! I did not drive across town in vain! This place is a keeper! Had the chicago dog with everything and the Italian  beef wet with gardiner ( I don't know how to spell that) and fries, everything was great.
4	I lived in Chicago last summer so I had to try out this place in Vegas. I only tried the Chicago dog but in true Chicago fashion I was not disappointed.  Now every time I have a craving for my Chicago dog I know where to get one
4	Excellent food, service and atmosphere.
5	Chicago dogs and beef at it's best!  Miss Chicago!
5	Best French fries I've had in a long time - thin and crispy. Cheap, friendly, chili dog and Italian beef sandwich. Just wish they had brewed iced tea!
1	My husband and I came in to try out this place as we have seen it when we drive by. I ordered the hotdog combo and my husband ordered the italian beef half sandwich with a hotdog combo. I must say that the hotdog was good but definately nothing to rave about. What was worse was my husbands italian sandwich which was dried out and the cheese on top wasn't even melted. My husband told the lady at the front and she didn't seem to care instead she made sure to take it away so no one else would see it. I feel she should have offered something else instead but she opted to lose business as we would have come back for the hotdog which wasn't terrible.
4	Originally from Chicago, I crave the Chicago Vienna dogs at times. We went across town in search of the Chicago Dog for me, and the Italian Beef for hubby. We were greeted as we walked in the door by two very friendly and outgoing people behind the counter. The Italian Beef was ordered 'wet' (whole sandwich dipped, bread and all) and with the spicy jardiniere. We took a seat and waited while everything was made fresh. I loved all of the posters and pictures on the wall showing the Chicago stadiums and teams. Made me feel like I was back in Chicago for a bit. Hubby loved the Italian Beef, and made a great mess of himself while eating it. If the juice is running down your arms, you are eating it properly!This was definitely a fun place to visit, with super friendly staff and great food. I give it 4.5 stars since it seems a bit pricy. Not too badly though. I was torn between 4 and 5 stars.
5	Windy City Beef N Dogs. Best Hot Dog in Las Vegas. If you are from Chicago like me, think Superdawg or Byrons. Also excellent Italian Beef Sandwich. You can get it dry, dipped or wet. Think Al's in Chicago. Order at the counter and grab a table. Your order will be deliverd to the table by the friendly staff. Great service, indoor or outdoor seating. Worth a drive from anywhere.  For us they have replaced another place on Rancho that serves Chicago style Hot Dogs.
5	From someone who grew up on Chicago Vienna dogs... This place is excellent! Love the service here, too. Nice touch of home in Las Vegas. :)
5	My wife and I are both from Chicago and this place makes us feel at home!  The hot dogs, beef, maxwell street polish, everything is Chicago to the 't'.  Everyone in the restaurant is very friendly and the place is covered in Chicago memorabilia.  I think the prices are similar to prices in Chicago from a Portillo's or Johny's Beef.  If you're from Chicago and miss the food, check this place out.  Also be sure to check the free hot dog names of the day.  Each day they put up a male and female name.  If that's your name you get a free hot dog!
4	I came to Windy City Beef-n-Dogs on a whim when several other attempts at deciding where to go for dinner failed. I am glad I ended up here.  When I first walked in I noticed not only the many other diners but also the Chicago sports memorabilia on the walls.   I spent several minutes looking at the menu of Chicago themed food choices. I settled on the Italian Beef sangwich dipped. That is to say beef on a roll dipped in sauce. Or "gravy" if you want to be correct. It was a huge sandwich and very tasty indeed.  To top off this Chicago outting in Vegas I ordered a Green River Soda. I'm not really sure what to think of Green River. It was almost soap like in taste. I don't think I would order it again. The sandwich I would for sure. Maybe even something different like a classic Chicago Dog. Oh, and the service was good too. A little slow and seemingly unorganized to a small extent. But it was friendly and professional.
4	Have been here a few times, always forgetting to review them.,,,anyhoo...I always get the chigago beef sandwich...dipped,   what a mess of yumminess, the other half gets the beef and sausage combo sandwich, au jus on the side...I don't get that but he likes it that way.  They also have good hotdogs which I tried because my name was on the get one free board if Monique is your name...yeah for me.  we try to hit this place up at least once or twice a month..anymore and i'd 50 billion pounds overweight.  :)
2	Service and ambiance was good.  Food was pretty bad.  Fries and wings were both clearly cheap frozen mass produced products and not restaurant quality then refried poorly in oil.  I could walked over to Vons next door and baked my own fries for way better.  Prices are pretty cheap but food was just terrible.  When I go to a restaurant I expect restaurant quality food and this place did not deliver.
4	My family is from Chicago so having Windy City Beefs n Dogs is a big deal.  They have good Chicago hotdogs and Italian beef sandwich.  Their combos are pretty good and they also serve burgers, Polish sausage, chicken wings/fingers, corned beef, gyro and pizza puff in one small place.  They have TV's on sports channels, a bar and some small tables inside.  There's outdoor seating too.On the Italian beef sandwich, you have 3 options: dry, wet or dipped.  Dry - juicy but no juices dripping.  Wet - you can eat with or without a fork and knife, it depends on whether or not you want juices on your clothes.  Dipped - so soggy and wet you have to eat with a fork and knife with lots of napkins. My sister and I both ordered the #4: Chicago dog and a 3-inch Italian beef sandwich with fries.  My sister got a Chicago dog with everything on it and a spicy and wet Italian beef sandwich with everything on it as well.  I got a Chicago dog sans pickles and onions, and a mild and dipped Italian beef sandwich...so good!  The giardinera's perfect.  Definitely a taste of Chicago.
5	I am born and raised in Chicago. So you can believe me when I tell you that  the food served at Windy City Beef N Dogs is "dead on!"  Feels and tastes just like back home including the Chicago Sun Times newspaper on the counter.
4	Decent food at good prices!  I probably would have hit it with a 3.5 in my book, but it's more of a 4 star spot than a 3 so I will round up.Ordered the #1, Windy City's Chicago Style Hot Dog & Fries.  Portion was a little small, but I guess that is why they have a #2, which is the same thing but with two dogs lol.  I really liked the pepper and the toppings on the hotdog, but I would be lying if it was my favorite dog in town.  Since I have never had a real Chicago dog, I don't care if it is authentic or not....but the dogs were somewhat small, and not very snappy to me.  But still a solid hotdog!Also did the #10, Windy City's Chicago Style Italian Beef Sandwich.  We ordered it wet, and it was definitely good, just wished there was something more in there besides meat and bread.  Needs some sort of pepper or veggie for consistency and taste IMO.  My friend ordered the sausage and peppers, and it looked a lot better tasting to me.I think my tab was around $12, so it is decently priced, and if I ordered the right stuff, it is good bang for your buck.Give it a try!
4	Came here for a quick bite to eat. Got the  Chicago style dog (without relish of course!) I've always been afraid of poppy seed buns but it didn't matter, it was delicious! The fries were smacking!! Also try the pizza puff, it's amazing! Reminds me of the pizza pockets from elementary school. My gf was upset there was no desert offered lol, but I'm okay with that. Ill definitely be back for sure
5	The BF and i had a hot dog and a Spicy sausage and beef sandwich. That giardiniera was good! It was unfortunate that a whole bite of the sandwich was wasted because the prongs of the fork broke off. But, the food was soo good, and staff was friendly. Previous experiences were good also. Last time, i had the gyro and that was amazing! The tzatziki sauce is made in-house!!! We love this place.
4	I can't believe I have shopped at Von's dozens of times and never investigated Windy City.  I only found it by using Yelp's nearby function, but now that I have, I will be back.I tried their Italian Beef sandwich, wet, with mozzarella and giardiniera.  The beef was super tender and they get a bonus point for having above-average fries!  The staff was friendly and the other food looked great.
4	my friend & I are always looking for a good sandwich place. We Finally found one at  Windy city Beefs 'n Dogs. He got the Chicago style Italian beef sandwich, I got the foot long chili cheese hot dog with fries. Not only was the food really good, the place is clean. So now when we want a good Italian beef sandwich we go there.
2	I had the basic hotdog (I think it's the #1), with various condiments and was unfortunately a bit disappointed.  I was looking forward to finding out what the big deal was about a Vienna hotdog, apparently made famous in Chicago.  Frankly, I couldn't see what all the hype was about.  At $4.50, I thought it was way pricey for what it was.  Not a bad dog, just nothing thrilling.  The dog didn't have much flavor or snap at all.  Buried under a lot of condiments it could have been any type of dog at all, no different or better than the average dog out there.  The bun was somewhat a cut above typical fast food, it had poppy seeds and was okay, but nothing particularly special.   It came with fries, which were good, although a tad salty, but still good with a somewhat different, fuller flavor than  fries I've had elsewhere..  I liked the cute little brown bag they are served in and they never got limp so that's a plus.  But getting back to the hotdog....I liked the neon green relish the best lol....but I didn't go for the relish, I went for the dog.  At $4.50 I won't be trying it again.  I don't know what I was expecting but it didn't send me to the moon or anything.  Darn!  Oh well, maybe other people have a different opinion and to each their own.  But the place is clean, looks well run and I guess is popular for certain sandwiches which run upwards of $6-8 which again is too much for me unless it's amazingly outstanding.   Judging from the hotdog which for me was "meh", I'd have to be seriously convinced to make another stop in here.
4	Being from Chicago, I'm finding it very difficult to review this place. My most favorite place in Chicago for hot dogs, polishes and fries is Byron's. The polish and fries can't hang with that of Byron's, next time I'll try something else. My kids had hot dogs, which they loved! My husband had the dipped combo and chose the spicy sausage topped with hot giardinieras. He said it reminded him of Al's in Chicago (that's a good thing). Even though I didn't like what I ordered, my husband and kids did. It was an overall good experience with friendly staff and clean surroundings.
4	Tried this place today for lunch. I got the  #5 Windy City's Maxwell Street Polish & Fries A Vienna Polish Sausage, Plain or Spicy, Steamed then grilled to perfection, served on a Steamed Vienna Poppy Seed Bun served with Mustard, Grilled Onions & Sport Peppers. Served with Fries. All this yummy goodness for 6 bucks. Can't beat that.Service is fast and friendly. I will be back to try something different!
4	Everything you would want I'm a hot-dog place. The italian beef is great but they should tell you when are ordering the toppings are $.50 each. After I got done ordering it was $3.00 more. I wasn't  to happy with that. Free icecream to kids.The chicken fingers are okay. I think they were frozen. Hot-dogs are good. I'm going to try more next time I go. I like the names of the day that's cute.
5	Windy City Beefs-n-Dogs is so good. I love going here after I have my workout. Ha- I know that sounds CRAZY. I only do it once in a while. They have a few tables outside that are nice t sit t on a nice Vegas day and watch all the crazies walk by.This place has true Chicago style dogs as well as man other things. We always order 2 Chicago Dogs with everything, 1 Gyro and a basket of chili cheese fries.They also offer 2 names each day, and if it is your name, you can get a free dog! Never my name but I love to check.Never had a bad meal here and everything is so fresh and delicious. The owners are always there and you can even bring your dog to sit outside with you. Sometimes they will bring your pup a hotdog and water on the house. So cute and much appreciated by the animals.They also have done Groupons in the past which was how I found this place and it was a great deal. Hoping they do another one. They are usually voted "Best of Vegas". Try it out!!
5	Never been to Chicago, but if the dogs are anything like Windy City's dogs I'm missing out. Had the foot long Maxwell Street Polish and I have lunch for tomorrow! My kids got the burgers and those looked awesome.  Nice and messy and full of cheese.  Great prices and very friendly staff! I'll be a regular now that I've found this place!
5	This time I enjoyed my experience even more than last!  Skinny skin-on fries were very tasty.  My Vienna Premium Beef Chicago Dog on a soft and steamed Vienna Poppy Seed Bun was authentic and delicious.  And, my 3" Italian Beef Sandwich with sweet peppers on a Gonnella Italian Style Roll that had been drenched in Au Jus was simply great with and without Giardiniera.  Again I got the most bang for my buck by ordering the #4 Windy City's Best of Both Worlds.  Especially for dinner, it would be a shame to only consume one sandwich or dog here, in any event!  The proprietors, who are hands-on owners, were very friendly, and service was first-rate.  Ambiance is Windy City Chicago sports all the way, with great-tasting Chi-Town comfort food.
4	Good food, even better customer service. They are dog friendly. My dog and I sar outside. They even gave her a hot dog!
4	Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs has the best dogs in town. The service is down home because the owners actually work the business which is hard to find these days! For an authentic Chicago Dog try Windy City I KNOW you'll love it.
4	I found out about Windy City Beefs-N-Dogs on Yelp, and decided to take my siblings out to try some of what they had to offer.  We ordered chili dogs and skinny fries.  The lady who helped us was very nice; however, we had to wait quite a while before we got our hot dogs.  (I will say that the place was pretty busy while we were there)  Anyway, once the food came out, we thoroughly enjoyed our delicious meals.  The french fries were crispy and abundant, and the hot dogs had that special "snap" to 'em.  Great little place to check out if you're down for some Chicago-style hot dogs (or chili dogs!).
5	Awesome. As good as you'd find on the streets in Chi-town.
2	Sorry, but I'm not a fan.  I've seen this place many times because it's close to Von's and the Dollar Store and after reading the reviews I thought I'd get it a try.  I've never been to Chicago but if their cooking is suppose to be Chicago style then that doesn't say much because the food was not seasoned.  I had the beef hot dog combo and sandwhich.  The beef sandwhich was flavorless and tasteless.  I knew I wouldn't like it after seeing the meat, it was a pale color like it wasn't cooked.  I guess they boil it, it was just so bland.  I had to put it in the oven and add hella seasoning to it.  I got the au jus or  whatever it's called on the side but it was also bland, just tasted like oil and made my bread soggy.  The hot dog was also a pale white color, I guess I'm just not use to that cooking style.  The fries were good though and the service was great.  I guess I'll stick with philly cheesesteaks.
5	This place never disappoints. I love the beef sandwich with the hot giardiniera. I've had it wet and also dry, both ways are great, depends on what you're in the mood for. The same sweet lady takes my order every time and always makes you feel welcome. Great place for bit!
5	I was born and raised in Chicago so I know how to appreciate a good Italian beef sandwich. They have a great menu here and the service is great as well. I love the Chicago pictures on the walls! Makes me feel like I'm back in the Midwest. I come here often and I definitely will continue to come here. My only complaint is that the giardiniera is a little too spicy, but that's it. Overall A+!
5	We had been wanting to try this place since I had read reviews from Chicago natives that Windy City served authentic Chicago hot dogs & Italian beef sandwiches. We were not disappointed! I loved my first ever Chicago dog. I see what all the fuss is about. The snap when you bite is fantastic. All the toppings added to the taste. The beef sandwich was positively loaded with meat. We got ours dry with the au jus on the side, the better to dip the sandwich & fries in. Those fries! They were hot & crispy served in a brown paper bag. They are among the best fries I have encountered in Las Vegas since moving here. The employees were very helpful & friendly. Windy City gets my highest recommendation for both food & service.
5	Gerat Beefs great dogs and amazing decor! I will go back to this location every time I find my self in Las Vegas. Two things you must see the Las Vegas strip at night and this Italian beef at the south end of the stop must do
4	Strolled by this place in the Vons shopping center several times. Finallllllly broke down and tried it one Sunday. So worth it. Got the italian sausage with peppers. so delicious and flavorful.Fair prices great staff. I'll definitely be back.
4	My wife and I enjoy the dogs at this restaurant!  They are consistently good.  Much better than that dump on Rancho.
5	Great food!! Old style at the other location best chitown food in vegas.at both locations the  food is great a little pricer than in Chicago like  22 bucks for wings and pizza  deal w/ 3 toppings..great spot.I highly recommend any Chicagoland area las Vegas residents go for a taste of home!! Never disappointed staff is great and they got jays potato chips
5	We Ordered:#4 Best of Both Worlds Combo#15 Davenco Gyro & Black Cherry Soda2 - #10 Italian Beef Sandwich CombosThe food was great. It came out fast. The total was only $40 and all 4 of us left full.I love that they have Black Cherry Soda !!!!!!!
5	On a whim, I stopped in and was treated to a fantastic dog and friendly service. I greedily eyed the beef sandwiches while I ate, so I'll definitely have to come back for one of those.
5	Awesome place for a great hot dog! My boyfriend is from Chicago and loves this place!
5	This place is so awesome! The Italian beef was just as good as in Chicago! The portion was huge! Staff was very friendly. The restaurant is clean and in a good location (across the street from golds gym lol). Be sure to bring a heavy appetite when you come! I'll be sure to try the wings next time
5	Famished and more than ready for a fine and filling lunch, I returned here to once again enjoy really tasty skinny and nicely salted Skin-on Fries accompanying an excellent 3-inch Italian Beef Jr. Sandwich on a soft Gonnella Italian Roll that was drenched in great Au Jus by ordering it dipped.  Here "dipped" means that the completed sandwich is literally dunked and soaked in Au Jus, while "wet" signifies a lessened amount of Au Jus directly applied to the inside of the bun and contents without any dunking.  And, one can also order an Italian Beef "dry," which is self-explanatory.  For $1.00 more, I ordered Sweet Green Peppers and melted Mozzarella Cheese to be added to the perfectly seasoned beef.But that's not all I consumed.  Because I ordered a #4 Best of Both Worlds Combo, I also received a Vienna Beef all-beef Chicago Style Hot Dog that was presented to me in a plastic basket after being embellished with mild Yellow Mustard, White Onion, Emerald Green Relish, a Pickle Spear, fresh Tomato wedges, two Sport Peppers, and Celery Salt on a soft Poppy Seed bun.I could eat here most every day!  Inexpensive, filling, and very satisfying!Service was again friendly and helpful; the ambiance pure Chicago sports; and in its class of hot dogs and sandwiches, eating here is truly a casual five-star dining experience.
5	I came here for lunch with my dad and was amazed at how well they do their dogs here. Perfectly cooked and seasoned, any of their options will cure your hunger and tickle your taste buds. I conquered the polish dog with peppers. I felt like I was transported to a baseball game by the flavor, only it was Wayyyyy better. There will be a line so be prepared to wait for an awesome taste of authentic Chicago dogs.
5	Been here a few times to satisfy my Chicago food cravings. This review is more about their service. I placed a large to-go in the middle of dinner rush on Saturday night, with a special order. They said about 15 min and they didn't let me down. Walked in and the place was packed.  Nothing missing on the order and our special order was on point: Italian Beef over fries w/med giardiniera and mozzarella. Told them they need to add it to the menu. It can be called "The Southside", that's where we're from LOL. Thanks Windy City. BTW the deep dish at the Eastern location is spot on.
5	WCBnD is a true gift to Las Vegas! They have the best Italian Beefs and Hot Dogs in the entire Valley, hands down!  Who likes a dry sandwich? Make sure you get your beef 'dipped'. Italian Beefs are meant to be soggy form the au jus and falling apart as you eat them. Thats the ONLY way to eat one ;) At the very least, get a few sides of the au jus. It's all about the beef, the juice and the bread for an Italian Beef. If you like a little heat, be sure to also get their Pappa's Giardinera. Delish!  The hot dogs are mouthwateringly scrumptious! Vienna dogs, Chicago style, talk about Yum!
5	Best hot dogs in town.  Great Italian beef.  Plus they sell Vienna beef products that you can take home and make yourself.
5	Try the beefs or dogs for a great food experience but for a lol for a little something special - try the Vienna corned dog Ruben sandwich - holy crap that is  yummy!
5	I have only been to this place once, and I can assure you once is enough to get you hooked. I will be back many many times. I am from the Midwest (Wisconsin to be precise) and have visited Chicago a few times. I have had a few good Italian Beef sandwiches in my time and I'm impressed with this place. Not only are the prices reasonable, and the portion sizes are great. I got an Italian Beef sandwich with mozzarella for $8.oo and was completely NOT prepared for the amount of sandwich I was about to get. It gave me two meals. Two delicious meals. Their hot dogs are ACTUAL hot dogs, void of that crazy thing called ketchup.The service is great and fast. I ordered and only had to wait for a minute or two before my food was served to me. The staff was also very friendly and knew what they were doing. The place also has some crazy specials that go on. Seemingly random things, like "If your name is Nancy, you get a free drink!" Which I mean, is awesome if your name is Nancy, lol. They keep calenders around to in case you want to pick up one. I have found an Italian beef place and look forward to going back. I highly suggest it if you want a lot of food for the money you spend. They also have a sister store down in Henderson called Windy City Beefs-N-Pizzas, which I'm going to check out soon. :)
5	Reminds me so much of back home in Chicago. The have the best Chicago style food in Vegas. The restaurant is really nice inside. The staff is nice. I was in the area the other day and had to go in even tho I just had a bite. Cause I knew I would want some later.
5	Came here for dinner and ordered the beef and sausage dog, it was really good. We got hotdogs for the kids and they loved them as well. This will be my place for hotdogs in Vegas from now on.
5	Went for lunch on a recruiting trip. Reminded me of cheesesteak places back home in Philly, except for much friendlier service! Had Italian beef and Chicago dog combo with fries. Loved the sopping wet beef sandwich. Put the fries at bottom of tray and let the juice soak into them!  Awesome!  Dogs were good too! Not a huge fan of all the Chicago sports stuff hanging up but what can you expect from a Philly kid.  Didn't expect this place in Vegas and glad I went.
3	There is really nothing wrong with the place, the owners provide good customer service, the food comes out pretty fast and the food is good for a quick lunch. However, there is really nothing extraordinary about the place. I will say the best deal will be the hot dog with the 3" beef sandwich! I liked the fact that they give you different discounts depending on the day, for example if your address has a 3 you will get a free bag of chips!
4	Pepper and egg sandwich, fries, and soda split with my wife. Plenty filling though a little salty. Marie liked it more. Met other people from Mary Romano's Chicagoans in the desert meetup while here.
4	Teleport me to Chicago!Let's start by saying, I'm not a big hotdog person. In fact I was hospitalized when I was younger, eating a hotdog and getting fairly bad food poisoning.This isn't the case here. I had heard from a few people that this was the place to get a hotdog in Las Vegas. Walking in I had no idea what I wanted, being from Australia hotdogs are not really a staple or rarely served. I asked the nice lady behind the counter what are the two best hotdogs to get and she served me up the chill dog and a Chicago dog.The decor of the place is Chicago, from sporting teams, city pictures and other great trinkets from Chitown.The food was great, the service was better!And I will say go where the locals go, eat what the locals eat, well this is where people from Chicago go eat!
5	I would recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Chicago style dogs.  The food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly. I also love the environment. I travel to Vegas for work and always go out of my way to eat here.   Only complaint is they don't take American Express.
4	Had some great chilli cheese and onions at this place. Terrific. The beef sandwich with peppers was delicious . Overall , my experience was great!
1	I've been here a couple times now, I think the food is decent but the customer service has made me feel slightly uncomfortable at this point. There's been several times while eating here when one of the women would greet every table there just to check on how the food was tasting etc, and they literally skip over me every time.  Earlier this week I decided to give it another shot and the only smile I received is when I pulled money out of my wallet and handed it over. As a Chicagoan I was very disappointed
3	We kind of wound up here on a whim after coming to an impasse over where to eat. My buddy said his place was pretty good and he was driving, so tubular meat it was. The menu was rather impressive, boasting more than just hot dogs. They offer a variety of sandwiches and burgers, along with the dogs. I contemplated a burger, but opted for a Chicago Style Dog. The dog was pretty good, the french fries were average. The combo will run you about ten bucks. This is one of those places with limited space inside, so avoid the traditional noontime lunch, if you are able, or you will be cramped at a little table. They do have some outside seating, which is only a viable option if the outside temperature cooperates. The staff was friendly and attentive, but the cramped quarters were kind of a turn off.
5	I'm proud to say I'm not from Chicago, since I hate cold weather!But what I can tell you is that this place has the BEST hotdogs I've ever eaten. In fact I never really cared for hotdogs until I came here! And the skinny fries are so Ono! I can't wait to get back over there for a chili dog! One day I'm going to be brave and try the Chicago dog!Bon appetite!
5	Italian beef is a must ! Get it dipped with peppers and cheese ! This place is decked out in all Chicago pictures , sports items
5	Nice little place with really tasty hot dogs! The food was very good, I enjoyed their Chicago style dogs but they also have sandwiches and chicken fingers, among other things. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Really relaxed atmosphere with Chicago sports memorabilia for decor. Great place for lunch or a quick laid back dinner.
3	So this place has been on my bookmark list for quite sometime now and I actually had to plan my visit here considering I live on the opposite side of town. I was around the Summerlin area and said why not pay Windy City a visit. So I've been to Chicago and tried the Italian Beef at Portillo's, which was probably the best thing I ate there. The inside of this place is very mom and pop-ish, surprisingly they didn't have much bears or clubs memorabilia, it appears they are more oriented towards the blackhawks and bulls. Anyway onto the food I ordered the Italian beef sandwich combo, came out to $9 and some change (not bad). I ordered mine to be wet, because I felt like the dipped would be too drippy. The beef was pretty good for the most part, but the bread did not adsorb the liquid very well. I was honestly expecting this to taste a lot like Portillo's and unfortunately it did not. The bread really ruined the sandwich because it became really soggy. No, I did not wait to eat my sandwich it was already soggy by the time I got it. My friend who is from Chicago said the same thing, it's definitely a bread issue. He said they should have bread flown in from Chicago and that would do the trick, but realistically speaking that won't happen. I would suggest using Great Bun's French bread, but I don't know if that would be authentic Chicago style? But obviously the hoagie they are using now is not working. Next time I will order the Pizza Puff, since I've never had those before and the combo meal for that is only $4.50. Or maybe even the hotdogs considering that's part of their name sake.
5	Our family has been here a few times and the service and food is always outstanding! The nice ladies (& gents) at the counter always greets us with genuine smiles and our little guy has never come out of there without them offering a little cup of sherbet (on the house!) Seriously warms my heart!Everything we have ever ordered from Windy City has been delicious and freshly made! Hotdogs, yum. Wings, better than the other guys. French fries, yes please. Pizza Puff, mmmmm!But NOTHING can compare or even stand a chance against their ITALIAN BEEF SANDWICH! (with everything; don't you dare take anything off of it.) (WET; they dip the entire sandwich in au jus and you can get it as wet as your heart desires.) You CANNOT order this sandwich without having them dip it into the au jus. I would think that would be somewhat illegal somewhere. There is some sort of 'relish' that they slap on there that has carrots, peppers, onions that will literally knock your socks off. That relish with the thinly sliced juicy roast beef, gooey cheese, and the savory wetness from the au jus will do a number on your tastebuds. Trust me. My mouth is literally salivating as I type this. If you've never tried it, I judge you. Hard. Go there. Order it. Then thank me later. Kbye.
4	Dude. I got a Italian beef and sausage sandwich, dipped. It was glorious. It was delicious. It was messy as hell. I loved it.
3	My family is from Chicago, that's where I was born. I don't remember much about it cause I moved to Vegas when I was 7 but my dad grew up there and remembers it well. He always raves about the food. Since I've had this place bookmarked for a while I thought this would be a great place to get food for him for father's day dinner. First off we ordered for pickup so I can't comment on the actual dining experience but I can say that the restaurant is small. They have about 10 tables and a small bar that seats about 6. FYI they don't serve alcohol. The walls are all decked out with Chicago shit. Posters and framed newspapers articles, signed memorabilia, etc. I walked in and was greeted by a nice lady who I assume is the owner who told me that they were working on my order and would be ready soon. I sat down and waited about 10 minutes until everything was done. I have to say the owner was very nice she was also really thorough and made sure everything I ordered was in the bags which I appreciate. Hate getting all the way home and realizing something is wrong or worse not in the bag. When I got home we sat down to eat right away. I immediately noticed the fries were hard and almost cold. I thought they were tasty but would have preferred if they were crispy and hot. I only live about 10 minutes from here so I can't imagine the food went cold in that short amount of time. I think maybe the fries were sitting there while the other food was being prepared. I ordered the beef sandwich dry with au jus and hot gardinera on the side. My sandwich was exactly how I ordered it.. DRY and not in a good way. The meat was super dry and even dipping it in the au jus didn't help any. The Gardinera tasted homemade but I didn't like it at all. It was missing something and I just can't put my finger on it. I was really disappointed with the sandwich. I would probably order it wet next time if I was to dine in and add cheese and sweet (bell) peppers and hopefully that would make it taste good. We shall see. I got to sample the reuben which was good but small, a Chicago hot dog that was ok and a polish sausage with hot mustard. The mustard is HOT. I like spicy things but this was really hot it over powered the flavor of the Polish. I might try this place again because I like to support local businesses but I won't go out of my way to go here. I prefer chicago dogs on Rancho wayyyy better then this place.
5	My husband and I usually get take-out on Friday nights and Windy City kept popping up on my Yelp app. We decided to give it a try and it's now in our permanent rotation! It's a cute little hole in the wall celebrating all things Chicago. The walls are covered in memorabilia and everyone behind the counter is dressed in Chicago garb. The first time I visited I came in and placed our order and sat at the counter and waited for the food. They were quick, efficient, and super friendly. They used my name and asked me how I was doing. Everything smelled fantastic and I couldn't wait to get home and dig in! My husband got the #4 - a Chicago style dog and a 3 inch Italian beef with fries. This is definitely a great deal, you get the best of both worlds. I settled on an Italian beef, dipped with mozzarella, and a side of fries. OMG! I fell in love with Italian beef sandwiches in Chicago and this one hit the spot for me. You definitely want it dipped with ooey gooey mozzarella. The sandwich is huge and delicious, I completed gorged myself, leaving only one bite. The fries are shoestring and completely satisfying. Great customer service and delicious food, we were immediately in love. The next time we ordered, we decided to try their chicken wings. My husband love wings and I can appreciate a good wing as well. These are the best! We now split an order (there are 13 in an order, plus fries) and are completely happy. The wings are crispy and huge. The sauce comes on the side, which isn't my favorite, but I don't mind too much because they have so much flavor anyway. Last time we ordered we also tried a pizza puff, basically a step above a hot pocket, but lots of flavor. No need to get on a place to satiate those Chicago craving, just hop in your car and give them a try!
3	I've eaten at the other location in Henderson and really liked it. They also have good deep dish pizza at the other location however the the only pizza you will find at this one is a puff since the menu mostly consists of dogs, sausages, Italian beef and wings. I had a #12 which is a 2 grilled sausages with onions and peppers on bread. The onions and peppers were perfect but the sausage was too dry. Remember I had not just 1 but 2 of these dry sausage to work through. Even with adding mustard it just didn't help. Then my wife and I shared a basket of chili cheese fries however we didn't eat but a small dent in them. After tasting the chili I remembered that I didn't like it at the other location either. Honestly I don't care that it doesn't have beans but what I care more about is that it tastes like a stinky armpit smells. I love chili just not here. My wife ordered a pizza puff that I ended up eating a few bites of and it surprised me how much I liked it. I have had more authentic ones at other places and this one is more like a over-sized totinos pizza roll yet it was damn good. I can't say enough about how nice the staff was. They took the time to show us menus we could read at a table since the menu board here is curved and at a weird angle so you need a neck massage after looking at it too long. Staff checked on us a couple times to make sure we were good and to see if we needed anything so that was a plus. The inside is small with some tables and a bar with stools and they have a couple tables outside.
4	Came here on a Monday afternoon for lunch with some friends. A little bit of a drive but one of my friends and I have been meaning to try this place out. You order your food at the cashier then find a table yourself. #4 Windy City's Best of Both Worlds - Vienna Hot Dog & Fries and a 3" Beef Sandwich - (Vienna Premium Beef Hot Dog served on a Steamed Vienna Poppy Seed Bun with all the fixings, Mustard, Onion, Green Relish, Pickle Spear, Tomatoes, Sport Peppers sprinkled with Celery Salt, a 3" Italian Beef Sandwich made with thin slices of Freshly Cooked Beef with our own Au jus served on a Gonnella Italian Style Roll, Served Dry, Wet, or Dipped. Served with Fries) - I got my sandwich wet with medium peppers (serrano/jalepeno level? apparently their hot was habenero level.... ouch)The hot dog was pretty good. Soft bun with all the fixings. pickles and tomato gives it a nice crunch and bright flavor. Pretty good compared to the normal hot dog from like Sam's Club (big price difference but thats not the point here LOL) I was told about this place after trying Big Al's and their dipped sandwiches. I opted for wet vs dipped because i've read reviews (maybe not for this place specifically) but dipped may be too wet and hard to eat. To be honest, even wet was quite uhm wet. Flavors seemed pretty comparable to Big Al's. Maybe i'm not too experienced or knowledgable in this style of beef sandwiches so i cant say much. Still pretty good overall. The price of this combo is actually not bad. Got me quite full. Should opt out from getting a drink and ask for a water cup though. Adding a drink bumps price from $7.95 + tax to over $11 after tax. XD (im a cheapo shush).
3	I had been wanting to give this place a try for sometime now. The location on Eastern is 5 star all the way, but the same vibe isn't felt at this location for me. The menu board above the register is painful to look at because it's awkwardly hanging. The employees were very friendly and helpful with going over the menu and checking on us while eating. I ordered a "Pizza Puff" combo priced at $4.50 plus 50 cents each for the addition of chili and cheese to the fries, onions were free. The pizza puff had cheese, sausage and sauce inside. It did taste ok. It reminded me of something you got for school lunch when you were younger, but in a very slightly better way. The basket of chili cheese fries is over $4 alone, so upgrading your combo with the addition of chili and cheese for just a buck makes it cheaper for the same size. The fries were good and the onions very fresh. The chili was not god though. I have had canned chili that tasted better. The basket of fries was a huge amount, but I really didn't eat but a few bites and then just couldn't eat anymore so a lot was wasted. I'd give the food here a 2 star rating alone, but I'm factoring service and cleanliness inside, so 3 stars seems fair. They do have some seating outside with umbrellas on the tables for shade. There is a bar with maybe 6-ish stools to sit at or you can sit at a table, but the tables are small (most seat 2 people) and if you get stuck sitting along the back hall area it can feel cramped. Currently on Tuesdays they offer wings for 50 cents each.
2	If you want a great Chicago Hot Dog, you'll just have to go to Chicago.That pretty much sums it up. When in Chicago I make a pilgrimage to Super Dog and Hot Doug's. These two places were rated 3 and 1, respectively in the US.I had high hopes of finding something, close, not expecting perfection. At the suggestion of the order person, I ordered the House Special, a hot dog accompanied by a beef dip sandwich.  It was served with  french fries.Though they did prepare the hot dog with Chicago like fixings, it was nowhere in a class with Super Dog. Neither were the fries, just  on par with Mc Donald's.I can't say anything nice about the beef dip, so I won't say anything. I went with Brian, my house painter, who is an exact look a like, for the Zig Zag Man.He never had a genuine Chicago Hot Dog, but he said he'd had better, too.Service was friendly, and for Las Vegas, this is better than Pink's, and it's probably as good for a hot dog, that you will find in this wasteland of eateries. Two Stars means "I've experienced better", and these folks are not in a class with hot dogs from Chicago.
5	On my last visit I experimented a little and tried a Hamburger ordered medium rare.  Although the burger came out medium, with fresh lettuce, tomato, onions, and an exceptionally tasting dressing, it was still very good enhanced with Tomato Ketchup and Mild Yellow Mustard on a soft Sesame Seed Bun.  Spicy Mustard is also available.  Fries were greasy but hot and tasty.  And, even though it was lunchtime, of course I would not leave without first ordering and then downing an entire Italian Beef Sandwich, as well.  This time the impressive sammie was 7-1/2-inches of greatness, featuring beautifully seasoned dipped beef and oodles of zesty Sweet Green Peppers.  Tables were regularly cleaned as soon as diners left.  And, service was as friendly as before.Another 5-star lunch!
2	We tried the corned beef sandwich. I'm not the biggest fan of corned beef, but when I get a hankering for it, I need the real thing. The sandwich is pretty, with swirled pumpernickel bread and cheddar, but the corned beef appears to be the kind that comes in slices or a pack rather than the brisket we're used to. Plus, they fried the meat! We'll search some more for REAL corned beef.
4	As an old Chicagoan, this place was perfect.  Great service, perfectly cooked hotdogs with Chicago imported  condiments.  Greeted by the owner the way a Chicago native would (he grew up within a mile of me on the west side).  Fun combination specials and all sorts of promos (free chips if your address has a "3").  Perfectly cooked fries in a greasy bag... all the smells and tastes of the old neighborhood.
3	Very nice luncheon spot. Ordering is easy..service prompt.....we sat outside on a table adjacent to the parking lot. The hot dogs are very tasty....the sesame seed bun is different but delicious....all folks working seemed quite friendly. All the hot dog and burger meals come with fries which is a nice touch. prices are fairly modest. I had a double play dog.....wife had just a single Chicago  hot dog and my son had a foot long Vienna chili cheese dog. no issues at all. I enjoyed my hot dog experience so much I even bought a T-shirt.
5	Well if you are looking for Chicago style eating, look no further! I was sold on this location from the very first bite years ago. Now I live right behind this location and literally have to avoid eating here daily haha. Their Reuben is the best I have ever had anywhere and their portions are extremely generous. The staff is beyond friendly and they take pride in their food. It's like a community in here and if you are from Chicago it's a must to check out. Try anything and everything is my advice, and their eastern and Silverado location has pizza which is phenomenal!
5	I've never been to Chicago, couldn't tell you what a real Italian beef sandwich from there tastes like... Now I can tell you that the beef sandwich from Windy City is one of my favorite sandwiches I've eaten... I get mine wet with the medium gardinier(sp) and mozzarella... Such a great flavor combo!! The bread does get soggy, but that doesn't bother me one bit. Just makes you eat it faster. The service is top notch, the staff is always super friendly... Overall I highly recommend Windy City and will continue trying new things from there each visit... Did I mention they have frozen cheesecake on a stick??!!
4	Good hotdogs with homely atmosphere I would definitely try their Gyros.
4	I love me a good Chicago Dog and this place is pretty solid.  Vienna Beef everything, dogs, neon green relish, steamed poppy seed buns.  They have all the right ingredients that's for sure.  I prefer the jumbo vienna beef hot dogs.  They are skinless and a little fatter.  I've always thought the regular Vienna Beef dog, gets a little lost in all the toppings, and that was the case here.  However I swear as I was walking out, I heard them telling a customer about the Jumbo dog.  But I never saw it on the menu - darn it!.The skin on the regular dog gives it a little snap when you eat it, which doesn't really do much for me either way, but most Chicago Dog aficionados swear by the snap.  While this was a good Chicago dog, it could have used a little more celery salt and the tomatoes could have been a little better.  I did like how their pickle spear was sliced thin enough to actually be eaten along with the dog.  Most places you have to take the pickle off and eat it separately.  3.5 stars for the Chicago dog. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/windy-city-beefs-n-dogs-las-vegas#Z6UGYg-LExpNUYs7Qt2jRAThe star of the show was the Chicago Italian Beef Sandwich.  They serve it dry, wet, or dipped.  We decided to go wet and it had just the right amount of sogginess to it.  I had them add mozzarella cheese and got the giardinera pepper mix on the side.  They have two levels of spice on the giardinera mix - medium and hot.  We went medium and it had just the right amount of vinegary spice to it.  The Beef itself had a nice peppery flavor to it, and it just melted in your mouth as it's been simmering in it's own au jus.  4.5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/windy-city-beefs-n-dogs-las-vegas#dMWDeRLDPiRWLo09g5oQAgI don't really get the pizza puff.  After reading the yelp reviews, I thought some yelpers were on to something here, so I had to give it a try.  I found it very uninspired.  Like a hot pocket.  It had small pieces of ground sausage, tomato sauce, and mozzarella cheese, in a pastry.  Nothing that you can't get a frozen version of at a grocery store.  2 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/windy-city-beefs-n-dogs-las-vegas#BmSWVAd7apKHf44lPrHtLwThe fries were just ok for me.  Fried to order and served in it's own little brown bag, they were plenty hot and you could add some salt and shake the bag.  They were pretty thin cut and on the crispy side.  I'm more of a thick steak fry or crinkly fry kind of guy.  I like to taste the potato on the inside of the fry.  So I knew right away that I wasn't really going to be into Windy City's fries.  3 stars.Service was very friendly and they made us feel at home.  You can tell they really know their local customers and they have a well deserved loyal following.  They also take pride in their restaurant and it was very clean and nicely decorated.  I also like how they randomly write a man and woman's name on a board every day.  If it happens to be your name, then you get a free hot dog.  How fun!  On this day Chester and Diane were the lucky names.  5 stars.
5	Very friendly staff and yummy food. Best Chicago dog I've had in Vegas for sure.
5	Felt like I was home!  Great pizza puff, true Chicago dog and dunk (gravy) bread.  Staff was really friendly and showed pride in their work. Not in my neighborhood, but well worth making the drive, will be back for sure!
4	I really liked this place. We went in one night not knowing they closed in ten minutes. Sorry guys! They were so nice and didn't even mention the time to us. We did take everything to go although they offered us to sit inside. Kudos for the niceness.I had an Italian beef sandwich with the dip on the side. Also got the foot long chili cheese dog.The food was made fresh and hot.I really enjoyed the chili cheese dog. It had onions which made the dog for me. It wasn't overly salty.The Italian beef was a bit disappointing for me. Not that it was bad it just wasn't OMG I need to come back soon for this- good.You know when you see things on tv and people make it look SOO good?! When you finally try it it is either wow this is so good! Or wow those people's tastes buds may not be as good as mine. Well I felt like I could live without Italian beef sandwiches. It was good but nothing I'd be recommending soon. I would recommend the chili cheese foot long though.They had one with an Italian sausage I probably should have gotten. The prices were affordable, the food was fresh and good, and the place was clean. With the friendly staff I'd definitely say check it out.
4	Affordable prices and quality food. We ordered the best of both worlds with fries, a Chicago style dog ( on a poppy seed bun ) and a small italian beef sandwich dipped. Fries - okay. Could use more of something (salt, malt vinegar, ketchup)Chicago dog - good dog and the toppings are like a mountain of deliciousnessItalian beef sandwich - only 3 inches yet flavorful and packed with beef! We got them dipped in the au jus which kept the sandwich warm and added a savory tasteWorth a trip out here.
3	Chicago-themed eatery with dogs and Italian beef sandwiches, with pizza puffs, gyros, and wings available too. Comparable quality to the Al's Beef on Sahara, which I was at recently. Great combo meals available, combining one or two mains with a side of fries (and the side of fries is enormous).Italian beef, hot and wet: Better sando than Al's executed. Sandwich was adequately moist, beef was tender and high quality with great flavor, hot pepper sauce also had a kick of garlic to it. Foot long Vienna Chili Cheese Dog: a bit confused as to why this was two regular dogs on one 12" bun, but the chili and cheese were both good. Definitely add onions to this. Poppy seed bun is a great little upgrade.Chicago Style Dog: Not as good as the one I had at Al's, can't put my finger on why. Bun didn't hold up too well, flavors seemed a little muted compared to other versions I've had.Pizza Puff: Basically a ballpark version of a pizza hot pocket, complete with odd processed flavor but it totally brings back the memories for me. Probably don't ever need to get this but it's a cheap $3.50 add-on to your meal, and big enough to split.Side of fries was huge and salty, one is enough for two to share and then some.Will come back to try the wings and gyro eventually, so for I've been sticking to their staples. Service is very friendly, takeout orders are well-packed in wax paper and about an entire roll of foil to travel well.
5	This is my favorite dive restaurant  in all of Las Vegas.  The food is made fresh and cooked to order.  The business is family owned and ran and the folks are all very friendly.  My favorite is the Ruben Sandwich.  It is made with fresh mozzarella cheese, suaerkraut, thousand island dressing, and pastrami piled high on grilled marbled rye bread, served with an order of fresh cooked french fries.  You can't beat their Chicken Wing Tuesdays.  Each wing is 50 cents and deep fried to order.  They cook the wings until they are crispy outside and juicy inside and can be tossed with your choice of mild, medium, or hot wing sauce.They use Vienna brand hot dogs and buns which are delicious (and don't give me the usual hot dog indigestion!)  Windy City also makes their own giardiniera with different levels of spiciness and is to die for!  Don't forget to try their Wunderbars!  Frozen, chocolate dipped cheesecake on a stick! All in all the food is fantastic, the price is right, and the people are friendly!  I absolutely love this place.
5	Never had a meal here I didn't like. Awesome Place with Fabulous people running it. Outstanding.
5	We have tried the chili cheese fries twice and today I got a 12oz chili cup with cheese and onions. The #1-Chicago style hot dogs & fries is their most popular and it is soooo good! I have also had the Italian beef sandwich-very nice. The chili cheese dog is a great choice as well. Lastly, we ordered the pizza puff for our four year old- he liked it and my husband ate part of it, too. We will be back and back again
4	Each time I eat here I have to get the chili cheese dog. It's massive and delicious. The staff is super sweet.
5	Hands down, a true Chicago Dog! Maybe some as good, but none better! Summerlin and Henderson!
5	By far best chicken strips in existence, I prefer the Chicago hot, hot sauce it's like a thick garlicky buffalo. I have to eat them like once every two weeks. Lol. And my boyfriend orders a foot long chili cheese dog add bacon and raw onions. I'm sure all the food is great, but we always order the same thing.
5	It's weird to say but that was by far the best hot dog I've ever eaten. We had the Italian beef & a hamburger also but that hot dog....I almost bit my husbands finger to get another bite!!
5	Excellent.  I had a Reuben and a Pizza Puff both were outstanding!  Local place with nice people working who made the effort to know my name and chat normally, casually, not as though they had a few canned niceties but really genuine.  Nice touch.... Definitely highly recommend!Thanks!
4	I've been to Chicago and had their infamous deep dish pizza, and I have to say that their deep dish takes you back to that very first bite. If I ever need to have my deep dish fill, I'll make sure to stop by this place whenever I'm in town visiting!
4	I've been to Chicago and had their infamous deep dish pizza, and I have to say that their deep dish takes you back to that very first delicious bite. If I ever need to have my deep dish fill, I'll make sure to stop by this place whenever I'm in town visiting!
5	Consistent great food. Grew up with Chicago beef sandwiches. These are the best.  The hot dogs and beef products are straight from Chicago and don't disappoint. Each visit has consistent food quality, friendly staff and leave with a full stomach.
2	There is something just missing from this beef sandwich. I cant place my finger on it. It wasnt bad at all but its missing something. I had the beef sandwich wet, with cheese and peppers just how i get it at al's and its short.
5	A MUST when are in Vegas. great food great variety and friendly staff. Will be back next time I am in town. GO KINGS GO !!!
4	Located in the Von's shopping center on Lake Mead & Buffalo, Windy City Beefs-n-Dogs is run by "dees guys" who believe Chicago food is the best in the world. And in an effort to bring some of that flavor to Vegas, they've got a full menu of classic dishes straight from their hometown.Now, the restaurant itself is a bit on the small side. When you walk in the door, it's basically like looking down a hallway with chairs against the wall. There's also counter style seating to the right that overlooks the cooks working their magic, and a menu hanging over the register where you place your orders. On that menu, you'll not only find those classic Chicago dishes, but other options like burgers, wings, fingers and even gyros. Unlike their Eastern location though, this one does not serve pizza. However, they've just added a new bulk menu that allows you take home everything from pounds of meat, to gallons of ju!  On the just under a handful of times that we've been here, these are the things I've had...Chicago Dog - A classic, done right! No matter where I go, this is absolutely one of my favorite ways to eat a hot dog, and dees guys now how to do it. They proudly display their use of Vienna beef dogs and top it with all fresh ingredients, including a full pickle spear, the all important tomato wedges and of course, snappy and spicy sport peppers. Plus they put in all a perfectly steamed poppyseed bun, making for one of the better Chicago dogs you'll find in town.Beef Sandwich - Easily one of, if not the best I've had in Vegas! Tons of thinly sliced tender beef and mozzarella cheese inside, and done up with gravy however you like. I prefer mine wet, giving it a good balance of texture without making it too soggy where it requires a fork & knife. I'm also a huge fan of their spicy Papa's Giardiniera, which gets its heat from habanero and serrano peppers tossed in with diced veggies. If you like a good beef sandwich, this is where to find it!Pizza Puff - This is definitely my least favorite thing I've tried here. They describe it as a folded up piece of pizza that's deep fried, almost like a glorified hot pocket. While it's okay, I feel like the taste of this could be much improved with higher quality ingredient. But for only a few bucks and served with fries, it's worth ordering just to give it a shot for yourself. We've also tried a few different items, such as fingers, wings and fries. I wasn't a huge fan of either the wings or fingers, they just have very little to offer, but the fresh cut fries are decent and come plentiful in a brown paper baggy. That's sure to make just about any fry lover smile!Prices aren't terrible either and I love the way they do mix and match things on the menu. My order is almost always the #4 which comes with both a Chicago dog and smaller 3" beef sandwich. You get the best of both worlds, and for only about $9, it's more than worth it.Lastly, this place has excellent service. We've been greeted with smiles every single time, and there's always regulars in that they recognize, giving it in a nice small town feel. Having never been to Chicago myself, I can't say for sure if this stuff is authentic...but I can tell you that it's excellent! And if this is how they do it in Chicago, book me a flight and get those dogs and beef sandwiches going!
