5	I had been looking forward to trying out Kazu after reading a positive review in Montreal Mirror last week, but unfortunately they were closed for renovations the first time I popped by. Thankfully they're back in business and it was definitely worth the second trip out.Upon entering the restaurant my friend and I were greeted with a friendly round of "irasshaimase", which means welcome in Japanese (and is something you will hear every time you enter a restaurant or store in Japan). Off to a good start!I already knew I wanted to try the salmon and tuna bowl based on reviews I'd read and my friend settled on a bowl of ramen (I believe this is only on the lunch menu). The salmon and tuna bowl was delicious and I'm pretty sure this will be my standby meal at Kazu, because yes, I will be returning. It was composed of rice, a good sized serving of tuna and salmon sashimi, and salad all topped with a sesame dressing and some crunchy noodles. My friend enjoyed her ramen and we both agreed that the broth wasn't too salty at all. All in all, with the traditional decor, friendly staff and tasty food I'm sure this is a restaurant I'll return to again and again, which is encouraged by the owner who will shout out "see you tomorrow!" as you leave.NB: They only accept cash.Update: I've been here twice now and there was a lineup the last time I went, around dinner time. It's a pretty tiny restaurant so it fills up quick, and you may end up seated at the bar. But despite the extra heat from the open kitchen, I like being able to see all the food prep. Just be prepared to wait a bit to get in, looks like word's gotten out!
5	I have to say this was one of the best food experiences I've had in a long time, if not ever. I lived in Vancouver for 12 years before moving to Montreal, and I've never been to a place that felt this authentic (the owners are actually Japanese).The salmon and tuna bowl was definitely the star of the show, highly recommend. The BBQ chicken hot pot is also a must, the spices are just to die for. I'd also recommend their fried dumplings, the taste, texture and color are all there.Keep in mind it's cash only, and be prepared to wait a little to get in.
3	let me start off by saying the food itself was definitely a 5. my boyfriend and I split yakitori and onigiri, and I had a pork rice bowl (very fatty but the stuff I did eat was delicious) and my boyfriend got a tuna and salmon salad special from the wall. we also got wine specials from the wall which was only 4 dollars a glass - amazing! the prices were pretty decent overall. we ate as much as we could. now for the not so great part:we sat at the bar, it was SO HOT we lost our appetites. the service was good but know it was more of a communal effort than one server. also the food just came out randomly when it was ready not like appetizers then meals. fine with me but some people might not be cool with that. also the place was TINY. we had to wait about 2 minutes to sit, which was fine, but the line was pretty bad when we were leaving.
5	Ok I went there because of Alexandra. I saw the picture. She was the first to review it, and the last to re-review it. All that in the last 3months. So she's either motivated or this is a really good place. So I went there and BEST advice I've receive EVER for that place is 2 things1) It opens at 17h30, (5:30 pm)  so be there 15 minutes in advance. We got there in advance and when we got back to get our meal at 5:32PM it was already packed! 2) CASH MONEY ONNNNLLLLYYYYYYYYReally friendly service, All staff are well trained and the menu is awesome. It's an asian joint therefore, if you see a big amount on the menu, trust me: It's a huge piece!I had the tuna belly.the Pork Neck.The dumpling.and really impressive Tofu Salad.
5	I went to Kazu's a couple of weeks ago with a friend  who had been the week before and couldn't stop raving about the food. We got there after the main diner rush around 9:00 and we still had to wait for a seat, truth be told we gave up a table to wait for a seat at the bar. The wait was worth it!We ordered Kazu's choice, leaving meal choice in the hands of the chef. We weren't disappointed. Kazu gave us a taste of everything, pork neck, tuna tartar, tomato salad and shrimp pancakes. What an incredible meal.The ambiance is also irresistible, we sat at the bar and could talk to the chefs not to mention other patrons who were all to happy to compare notes on the taste and smells of the dishes they had ordered.  There was a problem with the fan over the grill on the night we went so the place was a little smoky but oddly enough it seemed to add to the experience. Kazu told us that the fan was due to be fixed the next day. This place is a great find in what is becoming a great part of downtown Montreal, I would almost call it the new China town. A couple of things to keep in mind about Kazu, first of all it's closed on Tuesday's, second expect to stand in line and wait for a table, the restaurant is small and has few tables, this is part of what makes this place so much fun. I would suggest this place to anyone looking for great Japanese cuisine, I know I'll be back often. I did want to mention the they accept interact payments now, I paid via interact when I was there.
5	Very interesting and authentic Japanese bar food and atmosphere, not including any sushi, but including rice dishes with sashimi mixed in, an excellent teriyaki chicken burger, 24-hour pork, and many other different and constantly changing dishes.  It's very small, though, so don't come with a group.  But do come and try it out, because you won't be disappointed - it's probably the most unique Japanese experience in Montreal.
4	Oveall a very solid experience. Amongst other items, had the nankotsu with shio (default is with tare), very good. You have to try the ice cream, it was extraordinarily delicious and light.
4	One of the legit "great food" spots in Montreal. Yes you'll likely wait in line and yes it's well worth it. Service is very good and friendly, prices are reasonable and the food tastes great. The atmosphere is also really nice - I believe the small size of the place adds to it and makes it more special. It's also great to see a Japanese restaurant without the standard sushi fare we see at 99% of the other places! This is real Japanese food, and it's really well done. For the vegetarians out there: try the Okonomiyaki pancake (ask them to remove the fish flakes that goes on top) and also the veggie hot pot... both are excellent.
4	The only good izakaya in montreal. The food is excellent and items change on the menu so it makes it fun. Never had a bad meal yet!The staff is great, always smiling and helpful. With an ever changing menu, it's great to go back all the time and sometimes even a plate you knew changed into a different plating. The beef rib was soooo delicious and when I had it, it was served with an egg on it. Mmmmm! The lineups are getting crazy so go there with a backup idea if you don't want to wait half an hour outside.
5	Awesome authentic japanese food. Always a good sign when menu is handwritten and limited to 5-8 items. Try the 48 hour pork bowl.
2	After all the hype and hoopla...after witnessing the never ending lineups...after months of anticipation...really? I mean....REALLY? People were standing in minus 15 degree celsius weather? I was annoyed from having to wait in the warm entryway for 30 mins! Geez frickin' louise. I really wanted to love Kazu and even forced myself to start over in my opinion once seated, but again....REALLY? Perhaps I lack patience and need more than a few inches of personal space, but I just don't understand why anyone would stand in a line to eat here...the food is good, but is it really that much better than anywhere else? Hell, I'd much rather throw back a bowl of pho a couple doors down at Vip Pho Saigon.  Yes, I realize it's Vietnamese not Japanese...blah blah blah....after not being able to feel my fingers and toes I would have eaten warm ANYTHING.The green tea is made from matcha powder....no biggie, but still to be noted.Service is fast and extremely friendly...food presentation outstanding....atmosphere is infectious. But the lines and the space just dampen the whole experience.We ate: gyozas...very good. Chicken wings: delicious flavor, but wet...do not order them if you like a crispy wing. Okonomiyaki: the shrimp pancake...I found the pancake to be slightly gummy...all the flavours together were great, would I go back to order this ever again? No. Bibimbap was typical...nothing spectacular. I just don't see the monumental difference between Kazu and any other izakaya resto. Maybe it's a montreal thing. There was a lot of fat on the pork too. ..and I don't mind fat, so I guess  there was TOO much fat on the pork. 48 hour pork: I have read other reviews instructing us to order the 48 hour pork  "a must have".....it was tasty, tender, but again...nothing we couldn't find anywhere else any time of day??!! I mean I could slow cook this with my eyes closed??!!! (I am expecting a major backlash for this statement-ha)The shrimp burger was delicious...out of this world delicious crispy and cream saucy, but the furthest thing from a healthy dish...I may have clogged an artery.  All in all, I just kept thinking ....what am I missing? Everything we ate was good and had tried not to be affected with high expectations. Would I jump through hoops to eat there again? No.  Stand in the freezing cold for an entire hour and then knock elbows with my neighbor?  Hell, no. Here's one less person that'll be waiting in that line...
3	The ramen was $12 before tax, and came with two large slices of delicious pork. The egg half cooked was nice, and I think the chef was probably nervous because he might have been in training, and I just might have been staring too hard at the way he made my meal in front of me. :PI found the noodles chewy and delicious, but not quite as amazing as the ramen noodle shops in Toronto. Ah well. Not bad for Montreal, I say.It really feels like a true Japanese izakaya (seriously!) and they were most definitely JAPANESE, which made me feel better about eating the food and having it be authentic. (Not to imply that only Japanese people can cook ramen, but more that I've come across awful noodle shops where they've screwed it up badly, trying to play off like they knew authentic Japanese cuisine..)Delish, but I am not entirely sold yet, as compared to Toronto. I'll go back to try the shrimp burger and edit this review.
5	This restaurant may always have a huge lineup but I can promise you that it's worth the wait.I have been to Kazu a few times now and tried quite a few dishes as well as sharing what my girlfriend orders and I can honestly say that I have yet to taste something that I wasn't totally in love with.Kazu is a must for any true foodie in the city or visiting the city.
3	Before you read this, you must know that I spent 3 years in the San Francisco area. It is there that I "discovered" isakayas to the point where I prefer them over sushi restaurants. So needless to say that I have somewhat of high standards for those types of establishments. The hype and the long queue at this restaurant also only increased my expectations for kazu.I must say that I was pretty disappointed. Yes some of the items I tried were good and I will probably be back again but the only reason this place is popular is a lack of competition... there are not many isakayas in da 514.I don't understand why they have to put salad on absolutely all the dishes. Even, the shrimp burger and okomiyaki that everyone is raving about is covered with salad. I think the time I was the most disappointed was the chicken skin skewer. Those pieces are usually bits of heaven on a stick: Crispy, salty and slightly fatty to be eaten with some salt only. Kazu's version, was soft, chewy, fatty and drenched in some sort of teriyaki sauce. My girlfriend saw my sad face as I bit into it :(The lifesavers were the tuna rice bowl and the homemade ice cream. Both delicious although on the pricey side. In conclusion: the sucker that I am for isakayas... I'll be back and wait til my trip south...sigh
5	This place is a solid 4 star but I gave it one extra star cuz of the man KAZU!!!The most standout dish which was not even a dish was the potato salad. It had such intricate flavors that I never tasted in a potato salad. It was SOOO good I had to order it as a side!!! It was pretty expensive as a side for the amount you get! But who cares!!! I'm not talking about the mayo creamy kind, this was like some simple spice, maybe tomato paste, kind of flavor to it!!For someone to make something so simple & bland into something so tasty and good, he's got some skills!!!also, he had some cool things like BBQ Pork Neck shoulder which smelled so great on the grill but so hard to eat. it's pretty original...as well as the alot of the other items...like a fish paste "hummus" (not my cup of tea so wouldnt order again but interesting to try)also had the salad mix, which went well after eating the pork neck.it relieved the smokiness of the bbq.  Genius combo!!went back for lunch the next day cuz they only serve ramen during lunch but i wished i hadn't!!!the noodles weren't good at all and the soup is average so I would skip the ramen!! seriously, skip it!!I didn't even finish my bowl, which to a chinese boy is a big NO-NO!!sorry mom!!overall, this place rocks & KAZU rocks. He knew I was going back to new york the next day, so he hooked me up with ???...yup, you guessed it!!POTATO SALAD!!! MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM =D......KAZU, you are the man!! wish you much continued success in Montreal!!!You would do great in NYC as well. Think about it!!
5	Believe the hype! What some of the out-of-town reviewers might not realize is that we've been waiting for a real izakaya to set up shop here in Montreal for years, and, as far as I'm concerned, finally our prayers have been answered. Not only do they offer great lunch specials (including their salmon rice bowl, their 48-hour pork, and the city's freshest, most generous, and best ramen), but they have an extensive dinner menu that has included such knockouts as bbq pork neck, grilled tuna belly, chicken & pork bbq brochettes, and their special homemade tofu (Sundays only) over the last year.  The atmosphere is lively, entertaining, and gracious.  The bar seating can be a tad bit warm on hot & humid days, but it's generally my preferred place to sit for the banter and the floor show (as long as you're a party of one or two).  In short, this joint is brimming with a certain something that Blonde Redhead once referred to as "kazuality."  Be careful--it's habit-forming (which is one of the reasons the lines can be so long).  Definitely my 2010 Montreal restaurant of the year.  No other restaurant was so consistently good, no other restaurant was so desperately needed.
5	PROS:1. Food was great, I had the ramen which was made quick and delicious.- make sure to try the homemade ice creams!! (especially the sake one!)Food items worth getting: Salmon bowl, 24-hr Pork, Sashimi plate2. Cute, friendly, warm atmosphere. Excellent service. 3. Authentic asian food!CONS:1. A bit of a waiting time depending on when you go, BUT SO WORTH IT.OVERALL:- I love Kazu, will recommend it to anyone-Worth every penny. - Go early to get in line! :D
5	5 stars might be pushing it, but since Montreal is so lacking in this kind of establishment, it has to get top marks. I like everything about this place ... including the wait to get inside! The 15 minute queue gets you get in the mood, you get to anticipate your food and plan it out. Of course, I won't come here in the winter and wait outside. That would be absurd.I had a very nice ramen soup (great noodles). The potato salad started was unexpectedly good. Great service, people are so nice. Will definitely be back.
4	Kazu, in the downtown core of Montreal is a Japanese treat.  If you like or love Japanese food you must go.  Yes, even you fast food sushi eaters will enjoy this place.  It is an Izakaya or Japanese style bar where many little plates are offered like Japanese tapas.   The restaurant is very small and there are always line-ups.  Though you could not tell from the generic 80's Japanese interior, this place is a gem.  What makes Kazu so special?  Well lets just say that we dropped by when they were closed and saw bushels of beautiful Heirloom tomatoes ripening in the window and a heirloom tomato salad special ad on the wall.  To me that is a very good sign I should come back the next day and investigate.  Of course we did and Kazu did not disappoint.There cannot be more then 15 tables in the joint and there is a strong fried "bouquet" in the air.  Servers are locals and equally passionate about food.  The menu is small yet packed however, I immediately gravitated to the specials on the wall including the much self-hyped Heirloom Tomato salad.  Many of the dishes lack that clean, detailed presentation demanded by Japanese chefs but some were definitely well thought out.       Heirloom tomato salad at a Japanese spot?  Toronto might win a Stanley cup!  Anyway, the tomatoes were fresh, firm and sweet, drizzled with a simple olive oil and citrus zest dressing.  Tomatoes can be awful when over or under ripe but these were simply perfect.House made Japanese pickled items including sprouts, mushrooms, cucumber, carrot and zucchini.  You have to try real Japanese pickled items as they are packed with flavor and texture.  These were top notch but Ame in Toronto has the best.48 hour pork - Not pretty by any means but this is comfort food at its best.  I asked if they had a bigger plateand a shovel but no luck.  The dish is packed with fat and skin to add even more richness to an already tasty dish.  I have asked repeatedly if they deliver to Toronto and the answer is always the same.  I will keep trying.I would call this as Nobu coined "New Style Sashimi," or fresh raw fish drizzled with hot oil to subtly cook it.A beef tongue spread that was rich and had a pulled pork texture to it.  So tasty.Natto Maguro or Fermented soya bean (Natto) and tuna cut from the back of the fish.  The condiments on the side are meant to mixed together in the bowl at your discretion.  At other Japanese restaurants the server will actually mix it for you.  If you haven't tried Natto it is best described like a soft coffee bean.  Strong flavor, sticky and a nice earthy taste.  In Toronto, you can try Natto at Guu Izakaya, Zen Sushi, Kumai amongst others with salmon, tuna or squid sashimi.    This was their fried Gyoza.  It was not the greatest dish but I was never a Gyoza fan to start.  The process to cook was unique with the 3 huge gyoza being fried together.  Typical but flavorful sauce of soya, ginger and dashi.Tuna Tartare was just as it should be.Leave a comment if you have been to Kazu or have a story about Natto.
5	Innovative, Lusty, Passionate foodeat here
3	I've been to Kazu twice for dinner, the first time soon after it initially opened and again this past Winter. Both times I sat at the bar. In Winter, it's great (especially after a long wait in the cold!). Not so good in Summer, but maybe their air conditioning works now... The food is good, but not amazingly good. The staff are fantastic. They're super friendly and fast. The food is quite expensive for what it is. Make sure you check out the specials on the walls, because they're usually better than what's in the menu.If you're going to Kazu for the whole experience, then I guess it's worth the wait. But if it's just for good food, I'd try another place.
2	Honestly this place isn't worth the wait.The food is rushed and made without any kind of love.Their Okonomiyaki is pre-made in frozen.They are so busy trying to get people fed there's no way the place could actually provide any kind of real quality. The fact that people like this place so much really indicates the low standards there are for Japanese food in Montreal.
5	I love Montreal, but when it comes to Japanese food, it leaves one wanting.  So in a city where these restaurants fall short, one that doesn't is really something to cheer about. On my previous visits I've avoided Kazu because there's always a line, and I'm always too hungry to wait.  But this weekend I had a game plan.  My sister and I hit the St. Laurent street sale and snacked all the way up and all the way down so that by the time we hit the line at Kazu we were ready.  I love it when a plan comes together.The wait was 24 minutes.  Perfect seeing as it takes 20 minutes for my stomach to digest empanadas.  Kazu is small and for lack of a better word chaotic. Even the walls are chaotic.  I know, it's a mess, and you want to eat it all.  But my sister and I know our eyes are bigger than out stomachs so we exerted self-control and ordered, starting with cocktails.  Izakayas are known for having great ones, and Kazu was no different.  I had a couple Calpico ones and my sister the fresh fruit and soju.  We could have stayed all night drinking but for the glaring eyes of people waiting in the doorway.Kazu is by no means a traditional izakaya in that the portions are compartively huge.Since my sister and I sat at the bar we got to see the chefs work.  I took a couple things away from that.  The first is that the guy is sorta cute (there's also a girl, but we're not talking about her).  The second is that the prep for this place must be insane.  They have so many different sauces which start in these plastic containers and then get poured into squeeze bottles.  Cute chef plus multiple squeeze bottles equates to messy magic. Few restaurants are really worth waiting in line.  I usually just do it because it makes me feel like I'm part of something, and don't we all want to belong?!?  The true measure of a great meal is food memory.  I still think about the salmon tuna bowl at Kazu.  It was really good.  Nothing extraordinary about it, just fresh pieces of seasoned fish, rice, lettuce and other vegetables, those sorta tasteless but superfun fried noodle things, and sauce.  So simple.  So many flavours.  So fun.  So dramatic.  So delicious.I will go back and eat it again.  But this time, I refuse to share with my sister.  I don't think she wants to share with me anyway. Kazu is like an emerald in a gold mine.  If an emerald were Japanese food and the gold were poutine.  Both precious, just different.Eat something different.P.S. Dear Salmon Tuna Bowl, I miss you.
4	What can I say? Would you really believe me that an authentic Japanese Izakaya restaurant was not only on ste. Catherine in Montreal, but nearby the problematic Odaki? Well it's truly the case. Kazu is here, and it is good! Their menu is varied - so varied they blanket the walls in options - and we end up drooling at many of the shared dishes. The staff are helpful and bubbly about the food they serve, and it shows as we picked apart every seasoned dish down to the rice grains.There are a few catches though: 1) It's very likely you'll be waiting in line, and 2) the Lunch menu is very limited. Dishes like Ramen won't even last through lunch. If you want the real experience, you need to come at night, when you can pick from the specials on the walls.It goes without saying that Kazu is not cheap, per se - it's a trendy shared eating experience, not a lunch bar - but it's definitely an experience worth having.
3	A lot of people are amazed by this restaurant because some of the Japanese food they offer isn't found elsewhere in Montreal. This place is good, but don't get fooled by what some people without much experience with Japanese food tell you, it's definitely not amazing. Any Japanese mom can cook circles around this establishment. Bottom line: If you've spent any amount of time in Asia you'll think it's nice but probably not worth waiting in line for. If the only asian food you've ever had was general tao and avocado makis, you'll love it.
3	Ok, so this place has been getting a lot of rave reviews for its food. I went a few times for lunch and supper and every time I went the line-up was about 45 mins. The trick for supper is to go when it opens, at 5:30pm or a bit earlier so you are part of the first wave in.The place only seats about 25 people so its really tiny. I've tried the Teriyaki Chicken Burger ($10) & Ramen noddles ($12) for lunch and the Galubi (beef short ribs, $15) for supper. I had a taste of the Onigiri rice balls and the Salmon head as well. The food tasted good, but I must say that the portions are really small (the photos make the plate look decent but it's extremely light).I understand that this isn't McDonald's of a buffet but if you come out hungry after eating two main courses, the plates might be insufficient. Their "chicken tails" brochettes had about 3cm (just over an inch) of meat on it!That being said, I suggest that you drop in Kazu for some great tasting food if you aren't hungry. I don't know if pure foodies would be totally against this review because it's supposed to be about quality and not quantity but it's a bit of a downer to be starving after a meal.After Kazu we went out for dessert at Cacao 70 and returned home right away and one of my buddies, Satya, started to cook something to eat (and he is not a huge eater!). Going out to eat and having to cook supper when you get home...well you get the idea.Do you get full at Kazu?
4	Great food - but why is this place so damn small?! Had to line up for over 30 minutes...they need to move to a bigger place!
5	Best Japanese food in Montreal! But, bring a snack as you'll likely have to wait in line. The restaurant is very small so it fills up quickly and there is normally a line out the door. The good news is that the service is very fast and the food is definitely worth the wait. The food is super tasty, is nicely presented and very reasonably priced. My go to dish is the Tuna Bowl.
5	Waited for an hour, and it would have been worth waiting 2 hours. Our seats at the bar gave us a great view of the food prep and the ease with which the staff works together in the tiniest of quarters. Followed the recommendations of the exiting patrons, we ordered the 48 hour pork and the tuna salmon sashimi. Excellent ! So were the Japanese raviolis and the barbecued beef. Yes, we ordered 3 entrees and sake  and coffee ice creams for dessert. service was friendly and funny and perfect. this restaurant is as good as everyone says. Just wish I could eat here every night. Unfortunately it's a long drive from northeastern Vermont.
5	Delicious ramen
4	good food and service.the portion is quite small.
5	Just go there. Order some sake. Order any appetizer. Order the Tuna Bowl. Order the ice cream (I prefer sake or matcha flavour). Have one of life's culinary fantasies fulfilled.I'm not kidding. This place is amazing. Sure. you'll wait over an hour to get in because they don't take reservations. Sure, you will be squished while you eat, but it won't matter because everything is so delicious, the staff is so friendly, and you are in one of the most fun places in town.Seriously.
5	this place is charming, authentic and delicious! Like most good places in Montreal it is small, but once inside the food comes very quickly and the service is friendly and attentive. Now it's kind of too expensive for what it is. We paid $70 to feed 2 people, one big beer each.No sushi here, just sashimi, so keep that in mind.In L.A. I lived in little tokyo and this place stands up to all the restaurants there but the down fall is how much more expensive it is here than L.A.Still worth the money, and the 5 stars because Montreal doesn't offer great Japanese food like this often.GO but be prepared to wait!
5	Amazing amazing amazing!...did I say this place is amazing?The food is an exploration of delight. The place is cute and totally unpretentious...and the service is interesting, they are so darn cute those waitresses, go and you'll understand! you'll feel like your handing with Gwen Stefani! lolThe only hick it the wait...in -15 might not be fun! Otherwise it is worth the wait for sure...Kazu is always there serving up his meal, he likes to get creative!Enjoy...a must!
4	Dayum, this place is amazing. So pricey, but the food is absolutely delish because it's freshly cooked, seasoned and made right in front of you.Come early (opens at 5:30) for dinner to avoid long lines. If you miss the first round of people getting in, I promise you it will be at least an hour wait. It's not your expected traditional Japanese food - it's cooked Japanese food like gyozas, okonomiyaki, nabeyaki soup - seriously, the good salty stuff. Order anything off the menu, people all around me ordered a variety from Tuna/Salmon Bowl to the Shrimp burger. I shared a nabeyaki, tuna/salmon bowl and an okonomiyaki with a friend. My okonomiyaki was really big, but undercooked :( Nevertheless, it was good - but undercooked (docked a star for that) so the middle was kind of pasty and sicky - however, the nabeyaki and tuna/salmon bowl was divine. Nabeyaki was tasty, the meats were good and the tofu was love - soft and silky. The bowl: Perfect amount of fish and crunchiness in the bowl, it had great texture - and was HUGE - so filling. Really, you are paying for your worth. Last of all - GET THE ICECREAM. I don't know what you're thinking if you leave without dessert because this ice cream reminds me of the ice-cream I ate in Japan on top of a freaking mountain. The soft ice cream is very milky and creamy. It makes you believe that they use the best of the best ice cream. And they have a variety of flavors, but my friend and I tried Earl Grey and Green tea. It's a really crunchy, tastey powder that flavors the ice cream, almost like cookies.  yum, definitely the place to try while you're in Montreal!
5	I Love, Love, Love this place. It's my favorite restaurant because it's not overpriced at all like most restaurants and the quality of the food is amazing. Order anything and you will not be disappointed. I recommend trying the new specials on the walls like the grilled mushroom or the eggplant tortilla. Their homemade ice cream is a must try as well. Service is professional, friendly, and excellent. Expect long lines but worth the wait. Oh and it's vegetarian friendly. (vege bowl, vege hot pot etc)
5	This hole in the wall is a hidden treasure. It's loud, fun, welcoming, and absolutely delicious. My favorite dishes are the tuna & salmon tartar bowl, ramen, calcium salmon, as well as their amazing homemade ice cream (I enjoyed the sake & earl grey flavors the most).
4	raw chicken is unacceptable in anyones plate! The meal should have been free for both my guest and I...for this I remove a star. Take care of your clients because saying sorry sometimes isn't enough no matter how sweet you can be!
5	Yummy!!! Oishi!!! Love this place. Its not pretentious and the food is good. I wish the restaurant was bigger so I don't have to wait in line so long! (As well, a bit bigger so I don't feel like a freaking elephant when I try to squeeze by to get a seat).I like their shrimp burger and their salmon tartar bowl (and their salmon salad for that matter) was extremely tasty.Don't go there with children. Not enough room!
4	the only reason I give it 4 stars is because of the waiting time... but seriously, even after 1 hour waiting in the rain on ste-Catherine street, it is all worth it.  The service is flawless, they all seem so genuine and happy to serve you! And get the chance to sit at the bar, the chef will impress you with his skills and melt your heart with his smile :) It is fun to finally see the rise of isakayas in Montreal because these are truly gems!  The highlights of Kazu: salmon bowl, the shrimp burger and the bbq pork neck! Ohhhhhhh goooooddd they are so fricking awesome!!!!
4	The salmon bowl is amazing!  Ramen isn't bad but the salmon bowl is definitely the dish to get.  Prices are on the steep side and there can be a long wait but the food is worth it.
4	the food is just crazy amazing!! In some ways, I would love the place to be bigger, since the wait can be long, but then ... it would maybe make the place less memorable.Get the dumplings, they are delicious!
4	Shrimp burger good.48 porc bowl good.ramen good.ice cream good.
5	Excellent food!Well worth waiting in line for.This place doesn't take reservations.Everything is good on the menu.Try their matcha ice milk dessert, it's excellent.
5	If you're not already standing in line, stop reading this review and go stand in line outside of Kazu. There will be plenty of time to read this review there.OK - Standing in line? Good. Relax. Be patient. You'll have some time to read this and probably every other review on Yelp.I wound there with a couple of friends on a random Thursday night. The friend that took us there said it was about a "20 minute walk". 40 minutes later we were there. And hungry. And more than a bit cranky.After standing around for a while, we finally got a menu and I discovered at that point this was not a sushi joint as promised. More crankiness ensued.We were finally getting wedged into a table next to the door with the perfect amount of cross breeze to keep me nice and cold. Crankiness level 10.At this point I was basically over the whole experience.And then we got food.The skies opened and sun shone down. Wars ceased to be fought. Diseases were cured. And the world became a better place for every boy and for every girl.We went through about 5 rounds of food. Their pancakes. Their rice bowls. Their sashimi dishes. All amazing.And then the shrimp burger. To say this thing is orgasmic is to do this shrimp burger an injustice.Plan to stand in line for a long time. Plan to be crammed into a tiny divey restaurant.Plan for a very friendly waitstaff and amazing food.Are you standing in line yet? If not - Go already!
4	This review isn't for the food but for the line outside this establishment. For a tiny place, there had to be a line of people three times the width of this restaurant out the door. It was insane. My boyfriend and I were really looking forward to try this place but we were both starving and it was freezing cold outside. If you've read the other reviews below - they aren't kidding about the freaking line. The place itself is much smaller than I expected, reminding me of some of the noodle soups I saw while I was in LA (small, crowded- wooden tables, wooden stools). We were there before 7, on a Sunday night, and the line was already massive. Based on other reviews, I think we'll try to get there earlier next time...Maybe one day, I will get a taste of what is Kazu.
5	Wow wow wow!I've been in Montreal for almost 2 years and had never even heard of this place!  When I decided to venture there on my own one night, it was -8C and a substantial line OUTSIDE (and apparently one of the shortest lines seen in a long time)!  I waited my turn patiently and finally grabbed a seat at the end of the bar.As per Magdalena O's directions, I ordered the Gyoza, tuna bowl, sake ice cream and a bottle of sake.  I loved sitting at the bar a feeling the energy of the cooks whipping up delicious dishes in such a tiny space!The sake came in it's standard ceramic bottle, but the drinking glass was simply a piece of bamboo, a great touch!  It was a little odd to drink from, but enjoyable nonetheless!The gyoza was simply phenomenal.  I am a self proclaimed dumpling whore and have sample them in China, Japan, Thailand, and everywhere in between.  I can honestly say these were probably the best I have EVER had.The Salmon Tuna bowl was MASSIVE.  Coming in a bowl I could easily use as a helmet, it was topped with a giant ball of crunchy noodles.  After some digging and crushing, I was very pleased by the very unique combination of textures, flavors, and ingredients in the bowl.  Despite its size, it was licked clean.The sake ice cream was soft, creamy, delicious and alcoholic!  A very small serving, but just enough to round out a great meal.The wait can be daunting (especially in better weather) and may scare off those not willing to earn an amazing meal, but it is certainly worth it!  One meal was enough to rocket Kazu to the top of my favorite restaurants in Montreal without question.Long story short, go, be patient, enjoy, imbibe and drink in everything Kazu has to offer!
4	We got take out and it was wonderful. Great tuna bowl and fried dumplings!.
4	Went for the first time on a work lunch and got there early enough to avoid the line. Veggie bowl with Tofu was great. Super friendly and enthusiastic staff. Wish id' known about the ramen but was totally new to the place. Will go back.
4	I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical about Japanese food in Montreal, but I'm so glad I had the opportunity to try Kazu. Kazu is a relatively small and narrow so seating is a bit limited, however, I think it's what makes it unique. With the restaurant being so compact it's hard not too feel the energy all around you. My friend and I were lucky to get a seat without having to wait, but just seconds after we arrived there was a line forming for a table. Given it's limited seating, it's definitely not a good place for large groups. I assume the wait time can be hit or miss.The menu is not extensive but there is a good variety. From their rice dishes to ramen, you should be able to find something that will satisfy your pallet. What is also unique is the menu items posted on the walls with what appears to be sticky notes.The ramen I ordered was really good, close to being perfect with the exception of the noodles. The broth alone was bliss. It had a depth of flavor and was not too salty. The chasu or otherwise known as pork was absolutely tender and fatty. The chasu came in a pair and just melted in my mouth. They were so good I had had to strategically portion each bite so I could savior it. If I ever return to Montreal, I would definitely come back to Kazu.
5	Worth the wait. Food quality is great and very fresh. Their dishes are very creative and modern. The beef carpaccio is to die for.
3	Simply put, I would rather go to Imadake pub. They have better japanese food  than this place. I realized Kazu used lots of Korean food such as Kal-bi and vegetable mixed bowl which reminded me of bibimbap. However, they weren't THAT good. So yeah. More traditional japanese tasting? I would definitely choose imadake over Kazu.
1	Came by for lunch and they said its was closed. When on yelp is says it's open for lunch. Try to go there for dinner and it was closed. wtf man are you opened or closed.It's closed permanently.
3	We had Yakatori (chicken leg) and a great grilled sea bass salad.  Both were nice.This place redefines a hole in the wall.  The restaurant seats under 30.  You will be on top of your neighbors so you should try this place for the experience.  Think of this as a Japanese grill not a sushi place.   We sat at the counter which gave us a nice view of the kitchen.All in all a nice meal.
5	What can I say. It was quite simply just an amazing culinary experience, the best Japanese dishes I have ever tasted.Small restaurant space but cozy, cultural and unique. (It's what I would expect in Tokyo) The staff are extremely friendly and the chefs work at god speed. The dishes are not expensive at all for both the quantity and especially the quality, the usual individual bowls and dishes are about $15-20 each. We decided to try just about everything we were interested in on the menu, and ended up spending about $40-$50 per person. The uniqueness of the dishes is hard to find elsewhere in North America. The 1 hour of waiting on hungry stomach while blocking sidewalk traffic on the street? WELL worth it. I would have waited for another 2 hours if need be.The ambiance of this place may not be ideal for a date who expects the sophistication of fine dining. But have been raised in China, I love this tiny place where people can sit side by side and watch the chefs work their magic and truly experience the amazing dishes with the culture. Doodles of the menu items are scattered across the walls of the restaurant, quite sweet and special. Tuna Belly - This is got to be the best fish I have ever tasted. With a price tag of $35, you get a gigantic dish that's cooked to beyond perfection. The meat is tender and the texture is so soft that it melts in your mouth, the fresh taste of the tuna meat is not lost in this perfectly flavored dish. We found ourselves flipping the fish over and over many times to try to find anything that's left to eat.Shrimp Burger - I ordered this for my main dish. It's definitely the most unique thing I have tasted, chunks of shrimp is pressed into a burger patty, lightly seasoned, sitting in between two lightly grilled buns topped with fresh lettuce leafs and tomato slices, as well as an extra hint of crispy from rice crispies. Light and fresh, without the usual greasiness associated with burgers, special and excellent.Tuna Tartare and Salmon Tuna Bowl - Both dishes contain raw fish, high grade salmon and tuna sliced into small chunks, paired with seasoned sticky rice and veggies. There was no extra taste of 'seafood' in the dish at all for those who doesn't fancy raw fish for that reason.Grilled Shrimp - This is probably among one of the heaviest thing we ordered - flavor wise, and it didn't taste heavy or greasy at all. Three extra large shrimps plated with tomato, sesame seeds, sitting in a special grill marinate. The shrimp's flavor is so intense and concentrated it's quite amazing, the grilling is done to a perfect level - you could taste the extra flavor coming from the grilling alone.Gyoza - 4 gyozas pan fried and plated carefully as an appetizer, with the perfect proportion of meat (inside) to dough (outside). The grilled bottom thin and crispy, the sides thin and soft, and the inside juicy and tender. Matcha Ice Cream - Homemade ice cream with matcha powder on top. Heavenly! The bitter taste of matcha combined with the slightly sweet ice cream. Almost make you want to lick the little ice cream teacup.We ordered various other dishes and it's not an exaggeration to say that everything was cooked to exact perfection.Kazu really gets it, the true meaning of perfection and has earned its special place in this food-enthusiast's heart.
5	One of the places where I would only go if there are tourists in town.You should definitely come a bit before they open as the line up starts then. You wouldn't be able to get in. Or if it's on a good day, you can spend the hour outside people watching. :)I ordered the salmon bowl, and it's the best. Obviously there isn't a lot of salmon, but that isn't the point. You mix it with the rest of the vegetables and rice, so that you get a bit of everything every time you take a spoonful. Definitely recommend the ice cream, take all the flavours. It's not the regular scoop full of ice cream, it's soft. I think they make it themselves. It's to die for.
5	Went here to visit a friend last weekend, and he took me here. He has lived here his whole life and recommended it. It was outstanding. Yum.
5	Salmon and tuna bowl - Rice with tuna and salmon sashimi, with lettuce and cucumbers, topped with crispy noodles, in a sweet soy dressing. Really light and fresh, this bowl is a party pack of gestures and flavours; the delicateness of the raw fish crunching in your mouth due to the tempura flakes and fried noodles and the sweet and spiciness of the two different sauces, my pallet was awake taking notes and trying to keep track of what exactly was going on all at once.We also ordered the grilled pork necks. Marinated and grilled in a sweet soy and miso sauce, the pork necks were sticky, fatty and smokey. There was not THAT much meat on the bones, but it was enough to warrant me holding it up against my face to slather the sauce against my ear, wiggling my tongue against the nooks and crannies making me perform some sort of sick porky cunilingus on the butchered vertebras.
5	So delicious and fresh and friendly, the reviews here say it all, this is a really special place. Come early or do take out if you're not into lines. We did a take out picnic from Kazu the other day in the sculpture garden at the Canadian Centre for Architecture which is just down the street, and the incredible food combined with the illuminated art across the skyline on a warm summer night made me awful thankful to be alive. Ribs! Tuna and Salmon skin bowl! Starlight! Beers in a park! Hey thanks, universe!
3	Went twice during my time in Montreal, once for dinner and again for lunch (only because ramen wasn't available at dinner).  I think this place is fine, but the prices are high and the food isn't special enough to deserve the constant line in front of it.  We tried the Salmon Salad Bowl and Ramen and neither knocked us off our feet.  The ramen only came in one variety and didn't have the depth of flavor of even mediocre ramens I've had in Seattle and Vancouver, BC.  The service is very friendly and they really put a lot of effort into presentation. I think they are probably the best game in town for Japanese food but it wasn't a place I'd return too.
5	THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST. EVER.definitely come here early. REALLY early. we came at around 6pm, half an hour after it opened for dinner, and had to wait in line for an hour to get seated. but trust me, once you get in, it's so worth it. the service is as attentive as it possibly could be with that many people to wait on, and they're really enthusiastic. the food comes at a speed much faster than normal restaurants, which was really impressive.the actual food was the best part. we ordered: grilled chicken meat balls (the sauce and flavoring was amazing), fried gyoza (so crunchy and delicious), bibimbap (the beef inside was extremely tender), and the teryaki burger (THE BEST BURGER I'VE EVER HAD). the teryaki burger is something you really have to try, because the blend of sauces soaking into the bun and the meat is to die for.afterward, we had ice cream. i got the black tea powdered one, which was surprisingly good as well.go there. now.
5	Was there for lunch today with a friend, got lucky there was only a couple of people infront of us.The food came fast, and it was delicious....Started with the Kim Chi tofu Salad which was Great. We then had the Shrimp Burger which was out of this world Amazing and the 24-Hour Pork bowl was was also delicious.We split a home-made caramel ice cream for dessert which was also very tasty.The price is also very reasonable about 15 bucks a personGoing back for sure, maybe even for supper tonight
3	It was ok. Staff were very efficient and pleasant. The salmon/tuna dish was delightful.
5	Amazing! Order the sashimi tuna/salmon bowl and beef ribs. I love the staff's attitude and the food is well priced. I will be back! There was a line, but it went pretty fast for 2. I would not bother with a big group, since it could take longer. But for 2, it's great!
5	Just shut up and go.No, like seriously. Go and get your ass into the 5pm line-up in time for the 5:30pm opening. Grab maybe 1 friend, because the smaller your party, the greater the likelihood of getting seated, even if it is the bar. I went twice last week,  the food was that amazing. Super fresh, super tasty and an incredibly friendly and eccentric staff. We were seated at the bar and had a perfect view of the chef preparing all the plates, it was like being at a cooking show from the Food Channel, only it's in real life.They take all the "weird" bits of the animal, stuff that other people don't want like tuna belly and pork neck and transform them in the most lip-smacking tastiest creations imaginable, which only goes to prove that just about anything can be delicious and tasty if it is prepared properly and in the right hands.Salmon salads with crunchy noodles, pork cheek pates with pita bread, Kahlua ice cream and wasabi ice cream, there was not a single disappointing note anywhere. If you are on a budget, there are options here which you can have without breaking the wallet, but just be warned that if you add things like plum wine and dessert, the bill can easily shoot up.Waitress and the chef were extremely friendly, service is brisk, and many menu items are scrawled on yellowed pieces of paper stuck up on the wall, reminiscent of  kids crayon drawings in elementary school classrooms. The restaurant is a tight, cozy space but somehow you don't feel crowded or claustrophobic.Try it at least once, guaranteed, you'll go back.
3	It was ok. Staff were very efficient and pleasant. The salmon/tuna dish was delightful.
5	OMG - was this ever the perfect Foodie Restaurant.trying to find a good spot i went to YELP, and this place popped up 4 stars, with 75 reviews....wow - i checked out the photos and was totally impressed. Called the restaurant for a reservation......nope, sorry first come first serve.6:30...ok, no problem, it's montreal - everyone eats late - let's hurry over.  At 6:55 we were standing in line to get in this tiny 40 seater restaurant on St. Catherine....hmmmmm.....can't recall the last time i waited in line on the street.  Felt like i was 18 trying to get into Le Ruisseau in Hull :)Finally at 7:30 we got seated.....at the bar.....a foot for the chef prepping the dishes....frick'n foodie heaven.  Now, i don't know my Japanese food, and i don't even know if it's japanese.....but oh my god it was so good.......check out the photos.......the food is as good as it looks.service was super fast, friendly - and they need to be fast, because they people were stacked up down the street like cord wood trying to get a seat in this place.thank you, montreal yelpers for making my night
5	Oh boy, my fellow Yelpers don't lie! Kazu is "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" Luckily for me, I had mentioned to some homies that I planned to take some out of town friends here for dins....and they warned me real good - Go early! I took their advice and rocked up there at 5:10 in anticipation of the doors opening at 5:30. There were already four people in line. So, I in turn got my booty in line with them and by 5:30 this line up had already extended town the street. Who waits in line for dinner before 5:30pm? Uhhh, people who are die-hard Japanese food fans that's who! Seriously, I could fit this place in my pocket. It's not only teeny tiny, but a tight squeeze once you're in there. It's a lil loud and a lil hectic, but the food is totally delish! We had the Japanese pancake and grilled mushrooms for our apps. Amazing! Then on to our main dishes - salmon and tuna sashimi and the pork and rice bowl. The food would sound a whole lot cooler if I used the Japanese names, but does it really matter? No, just go there and eat!! But be prepared to feel slightly rushed...or you could always simply avert your eyes from the window...as the line grows longer outside, the hungry customers eyeball your table planning their next dining move. Thankfully, I know how to karate chop so no one was pushing me out of my 8x12 table. Fighting moves aside, this place is a total gem and I'd definitely return...at 5:10pm...to wait in line for another dose of Japanese delights.
5	EAT HERE.  Wait in the line (and there will certainly be one when you arrive). Don't be deterred by the decor.Not ideal for a large group (absolutely nothing over a group of 4) - or anybody in a bulky sweater or women with large purses - this place is a tight squeeze!ALL of this will be worth it - I promise.I dream about my meal there.  I want to go back... its worth the two hour drive from Ottawa.I could go on and on - but as you can see by the other reviews you just need to go there.
5	This place rocks. Yes there is always a line (about 50 minutes for 4 people), yes it is the tiniest space (say hello to your neighbouring tables.. or sit at the bar - definitely more space there!), and yes it is quite loud, but the food is so delicious! It is a Japanese pub-style after all so it's good idea to order a bunch of stuff and share (you may not have space on your table for it though..). My favourite was the grilled pork neck (with what I think must be tare sauce) - be forewarned, it's messy, and it will be because you will be gnawing at it to get to ever last yummy bite! They also serve chicken skin and chicken cartilage yakitori which is awesome!! The lunch menu is a little different - a smaller menu that you can peruse as you're waiting in line (can't get those awesome skewers, and yes there will still be a line) but equally as good. The ramen is delicious (the super happy guy behind the bar - who my brother thinks must be the owner - says that they make the noodles themselves - kudos to them; they truly are delicious!) and so is the 48-hour pork rice dish (melt-in-your-mouth onions...). They are also very efficient with getting the order to you quickly.I did find it a little bit pricey, but the quality is good and the food is well-prepared and innovative, so I think that is worth the price.Go, definitely go - the wait in line is totally worth it! I wish I could be back there right now :)
5	Two in Two, i went for Lunch twice in the same week! Yes! Its THAT good. The service is super friendly and really fast!  Yes there is always a lineup at the door, but do not worry about it too much, its never too long (for lunch) to get seated and the staff is very kind and understanding. The food (I've had Beef Rib & ramen) is delicious, well platted and very very tasty. The serving is perfect for a good eater like myself and the kitchen brigade is really good and fast on operation. you never wait for more than 10 mins for your food to arrive! I highly recommend you sit at the bar and interact with the brigades, its a lot of fun! I have yet to experience a "dinner" there, but its definitely on my list. I will be a frequent customer at this place! Main dish + beer + sweet for less than 30$ is very affordable for the experience. Finally a "real" japanese restaurant that serves (proudly) other things than sushi (for us westerners) and i'm told by friends who went to Japan that this is "as close to the real deal" as we're getting in MTL. Major High Five Kazu! I'm sold!
5	I walked into Kazu a bit of a skeptic. All my coworkers, friends, everyone rave so highly of it, I figured I was about three steps from walking into a 2012 the movie-esque let down.I have never been so happy to be so wrong. Lining up 20 minutes before opening, we barely made it in in the first wave. We selected a pork cheek pate and tuna tartar.  Both of these quite nice, tasty, and fast, this of course made me crave more.  For entrees, a fall off the bone rib in an amazing sauce, a pork neck that had me gnawing at the bone to get what tiny morsels of remaining meat away from its confinement, and a distinct craving to figure out how I could fit another dish into my belly.Make sure you arrive early, as the line that formed while we dined was a sight to behold. It is worthy of the line, and for the price for what you get, it is a great destination. This is a must visit in Montreal.
5	Lives up to the Hype.  Galbi (Grilled Beef) was more Korean than Japanese, but was some of the best I've had.
4	Doesn't live up to the hype, but still delicious. They should really expand -- it is crazy that people wait HOURS for a table. The tuna and salmon bowl is to die for and the ramen is wonderful (but unfortunately only served at lunch). I've also tried the 48h pork bowl (great on a winter day) and the shrimp burger, which looks a lot better than it tastes. Not the cheapest but definitely unique, delicious food in Montreal. PLEASE expand!
4	Made it to Kazu for lunch. Waited about 15 minutes for a seat at the bar.  It is definitely not much to look at for a restaurant.  Tiny and a little dingy but definitely worth it.  Has a limited menu for those who have a hard time deciding.  Had the pork cheek pate for an appetizer and the salmon-tuna bowl with a pint of sapporo to wash it all down.  Can't think of a better way to reward myself for a good 13.1 mile run this morning.  Yummy in my tummy.
5	Kazu was so good, we went here twice in a weekend visit to Montreal - once for dinner, and once for lunch.The place was packed at dinner time, and we waited about an hour for two seats at the bar, but after sitting down at watching the chefs work their magic behind the bar, the wait time was completely forgotten. We had the gyoza, which was grilled, and the yummy crunchy parts left on, and a couple of chu-hi cocktails to start with. It's still hard (although getting easier!) to find a bar that serves shochu, so this was really exciting. We also had the tuna and salmon bowl, and although you might first wonder where your fish is, it's hiding under all the leafy greens. I enjoyed both the salmon and the tuna, but tuna will always be my one true fishy love, and I kinda wished they had a tuna-only option. We also had the okonomiyaki and a couple of yakitori skewers. One of the best parts of the meal was watching, and smelling, all the different foods being cooked behind the bar. If you're a small party, and you have the chance, sit at the bar!One last bit of advice - although they do take debit cards and cash, they do not take credit cards in any way shape or form. Don't screw up like I did and have to run and get some cash halfway through the meal. We came back the next day for lunch, because I really wanted to try their ramen. We lined up a few minutes before they opened, and we still ended up waiting a good 30 minutes for seats at the bar. Even though I try to order different things than my partner, we both got the ramen because it looked so good! The broth was fantastic, and the pork was so soft and juicy. My only issue was that the noodles were a little thicker than I usually see in ramen, and I thought they were a little undercooked. Other than that, two perfect meals in Montreal.
1	Oh man.. I don't know where to start with this place. I guess I just really fail to understand what all the hype is about. For starters, I'm not a fan of waiting in line to get into a restaurant UNLESS there's something absolutely fantastic about it. Kazu failed to meet that expectation.To be simple and to the point:1. Too too too too crowded for my liking. I am not interested in grazing elbows with neighbors at a different table2. The food is really nothing special3. I guess a pro to all the chaos is that it's cheap (although we managed to spend over $100 for 3 people......but in theory it's *supposed* to be cheap)4. The waiters are not in a happy mood (because it's so disgustingly packed all the time)I'll stop there. I feel like my bad review is useless amongst all the other great ones - maybe I'm just missing the point of this place!! Go try it yourselves - everyone I know loves it except for fiance and moi.....so clearly we're the misfits here haha
5	I don't like soup, but holy udon the ramen here at Kazu is wonderful.  The beef rib today was different than the beef rib I had my first time here, but it was equally good.  Efficient, friendly service, awesome dishes--I guess the only down side is that it's a bit on the pricey side for lunch.  (Still wouldn't hesitate to go back, though.)
5	Visited Montreal for two weeks and came here everyday for lunch and dinner.  That alone should tell you something!  Things to order that are amazing!*Shrimp Burger - very tasty, fresh and light.  Can be an appetizer!  Hubby doesnt like shrimp, but he loved this dish!*48 Hour Pork - tastes like a beef bowl, but good!*Salmon & Tuna Bowl - This is my favorite!  Its simple and the dressing they use is addicting!You have to try their ice cream!  Im mad that I didnt discover this earlier!  Sake Ice Cream!  Its so cool, because they serve it with sake on the bottom of the cup!  Awesome!
4	This place is kind of hit or miss depending on your attitude with crowds, line-ups and your overall mood (patience). I liked Kazu when I went, but I would have to be in the mood for it to go again. Reason being the line-up and the general lack of space on the inside. There is NO ROOM to set up for a nice meal, you'll need to pack light (drop off whatever bag you might have somewhere before coming) and be comfortable hitting elbows with strangers.Other than that I enjoyed the food and the many unique dishes the restaurant has to offer.
5	waited in like for like 20 minutes... got a seat.  it was one of those hot + humid days.. i was sweating bullets. but was saved after ordering few cold japanese brewskies.. food was very good.. fresh... kinda food u get at 3 star michelin without paying the prices.. ate in about 1 hour overall.. would definitely go back..
5	Came here with my girlfriend for dinner and wow, their food was great!!!  Don't be fool by their small store front because this place must be visited if you are in Montreal and is a fan of Japanese food.  I had their Seabass salad with rice and my girlfriend had their salmon+tuna sashimi with rice.  Both items were excellent!!!  The presentation was great and it tasted like heaven!!!!   Seafood was fresh and the sauces was great!!!Don't get scared off by their massive lineup outside cause is worth the wait!!
2	I love Izakayas.  I always look for them wherever I go.  I sent some friends to one in Las Vegas, and it was their best dining experience in what happens to be a great food town.  In New York, there are 6 great Izakayas that are amazing.  But this Izakaya left me a bit unimpressed. The food was not as precise and pristine and clean as I expect from Japanese cuisine.  There is a nice variety, but the quality was not impressive.  I had heard so much good about this, but I think the high ratings were not justified unfortunately.  The place needs more precision and fresher incredients.  Perhaps they are trying to do too much.  I might go back and try the ramen.  I have heard good things from a Japanese expat-but she is quite young, and sometimes younger eaters have a different sensibility than old fogies like me.  My wife-Asian-was even less impressed.
5	Food is more like 4.5, but rounded up because the place is awesome/good variety of choicesPork cheek appetizer - actually a meat paste served with a variety of sauces and tortilla-like wraps. Pretty good but a small portion.Ramen - solid. Broth was good.Yasai don (? forgot the name) - Very fresh and an interesting textural combo of bean sprouts, lettuce, and tofu with rice.Pork 48 - Amazing!!! Lots of tender/flavorful pork (stewed for 48 hrs) over a bed of rice.Would probably eat here daily/weekly if I lived in Montreal
5	I stopped by for lunch since there was no line today ... yay!I had my usual for lunch, there's only the ramen, and a little ice cream rhum and raisin!!! Last time I was here there was only green tea and coffee, now there's a whole bunch of ice cream flavors... The rhum and raisin was amazing, but then again it's Kazu, and mostly the food never disappointed me here.It has been a year since I've been here. They were closing from lunch service and prepping for dinner service. Kazu happened to be there, and naturally he came by and chatted with me a bit lol, I remember back in the day when they just opened and I came pretty much every week, everyday other day, sometimes twice a day. Anyhow long time no see!! he would say ironically, these days, it actually is long time no see, as the lineups have become so ridiculous...Anyhow, I'm happy to report, it's still the best ramen in town !!!The ramen is scorching hot!!! it remains hot until the end, about 25 mins so don't worry about it cooling off before you finish. There are 3 slices of grilled pork belly, half a 3min egg, pickled radish, bean sprout, kelp and one piece of roasted nori. And the broth from out of this world, it is perfectly balanced, just right, and fragrant garnished with sesame seeds and scallions. The ramen texture is also spot on, not too tough and they give when you byte but it doesn't get soggy at the end!!! bliss :)
5	Came here based on reviews, was not disappointed.  Came on a (freezing!) Saturday evening at about 8pm and had to wait about 30 minutes to get in, but it was worth the wait.  Had the shrimp burger, freaking delicious, so was the okonomiyaki.   The portions are good, and the taste is just amazing.BE WARNED: the Ice Cream portion is VERY SMALL. I ordered the ice cream based on some other reviews, it was good but $5 but I was SHOCKED that it was so tiny - You just get an espresso cup of ice cream.  If you want two spoonfuls of ice cream for $5 feel free and order, otherwise use that money towards another shirmp burger :)
4	After all the raving reviews, we finally set out to try Kazu. We waited outside for about 15 minutes then moved in between the doors. The place is super tiny which is why I am only giving 4 stars. My boyfriend and I came with two other friends but we split up so we can get our seats quicker. We ended up at the bar and fortunately, next to each other anyway. No space to move around so I felt very rushed because we can't just sit and talk over our meals. But it was a delicious meal though.Food: Awesome Salmon & Tuna Bowl. It's very flavorful but not too overpowering. It is also a very healthy dish. My boyfriend got the 48 hour pork with rice. I am not a fan of ginger but the pork was very tasty and he loved it. We also tried the Japanese Pancake with Shrimp. I find that it was very heavy and more flour than shrimp. I like sauce and toppings on top of the pancake though.Service: The ladies were very attentive and nice and our food arrived super fast (esp in this space and with the line out, they had to be fast!) If I was to go back, then I would definitely stick to the Salmon/Tuna bowl! Give this place a try, and I recommend going on a not so cold day/night so you won't freeze your butt off even if you have to wait!
5	I was in Montreal earlier this year for a few days, and had read rave reviews about this place so I decided to give it a shot.After waiting in line for almost an hour, my friend and I were seated at the bar in the back of the space. Now, regardless of what this restaurant may look like (small, plain, cramped, etc...) do not, under any circumstances let this deter you from eating here. You would be missing out on some of the most amazing Asian food Montreal has to offer. Onto the food itself- let me just start out by saying that during my visit, I ate here three times, I just had to keep coming back for more! Everything I tasted, from the octopus tentacle, to the gyoza, to the salmon sushi rice bowl to the shrimp burger was incredible. Kazu takes traditional Japanese dishes, and serves them up in new, inventive ways filled with mouth-watering flavours. My only regret about this place is that I couldn't come eat here more often... Oh well, until next time, Kazu- I can't wait!
5	Kazu is an amazing little Japanese restaurant. It is probably the most authentic Japanese place that I have ever been to. If you can stand the wait to get in, you will be greeted by some very enthusiastic hostesses who whirl around the dining area servicing the tables, yelping back customer orders with this crazy Japanese inflection that makes it sound like you are on a game show. Most items are served cold, or cooked very quickly, and it is assembled by a very content head chef who pretty much just stands there behind the main bar, squeezing this arsenal of 15 or so sauces all over colorful plates with fish and greens. Not to be missed. Everything is very carefully prepared.*Advice for the dumb American tourists out there* - This place is so Japanese that it is even considered impolite to leave a tip. I made this mistake, leaving like 18% and I got a confused look and no "arigato!" on my way out. Sumimasen deshita.
5	As Japanese food addicts, we simply could not resist the temptation of trying one of the best japanese restaurants in Montreal - Kazu. After reading numerous reviews online, JW and I were very excited about going to Kazu!Arriving the restaurant at 8:15pm, we were lucky enough to skip the usual one-hour line up and got seated at the bar after 10 mins. The lively atmosphere highly resembled Guu from Toronto and the severs were very friendly and happy. Please be noted that the Kazu is pretty small and is best for a group of 2-5/6 at most.We first started off with yakitori - grilled chicken leg brochette. The meat was extremely juicy and tendered. It tasted like those those grilled skewers with soya sauce (they normally offer it with salt and soya sauce) from most Izakaya restaurants but only richer in flavour.Then, we had Kazu's famous Salmon & Tuna Bowl. Not very surprising, this quickly became our favourite dish that we had to come back to Kazu once again before heading back to Toronto mainly because of this. The Salmon & Tuna Bowl came with green, salmon, tuna, rice and crispy noodles sitting on top. However, what made this dish so special was Kazu's secret sauce. While JW and I were sitting at the bar, we secretly observed how this dish was prepared and we saw that at least 4-5 different sauce was added to the bowl. When mixed together, the sauce tasted like a salad dressing that was sweet and sour at the same time with a hint of sesame oil. The sauce highly complemented with the green, rice and sashimi. It did an amazing job of bringing all of them together and made a wonderful dish. The crispy noodle added an interesting texture to the salmon & tuna bowl, harmonizing with the crispiness of the greens.. Although this dish can be shared among a group of people and treated as an appetizer,  I personally think that I can finish one bowl all by myself as an entree because it was just too good.Next, we had the grilled shrimp. It was nothing like I expected when I ordered this. It looked like something I would find in an Italian or french restaurant, especially when it came with mashed potato at the bottom. Nevertheless, it was the sauce that made very impressive.While lining up, we asked one of the customer (who was a Japanese!) behind us his opinion about Kazu and what he would recommend. One of the dishes he recommended was the okonomiyaki with shrimp. He said that Kazu's okonomiyaki is very traditional which is very rare in Toronto. I would say that this dish was not as impressive as the other ones. It tasted just like normal takoyaki (japanese octopus ball), only that it took the form of a crepe and not a ball. Given that the portion was huge, we found the okonomiyaki to be a little overwhelming. It was the only dish we did not reorder on our second visit. But if you love takoyaki and are companied by a group of friends, you should definitely go for this!When we placed our first order, we were debating between the salmon & tuna bowl and the chirashi sushi. The server said the salmon & tuna bowl is a more popular dish at Kazu and that was what we went after. For our second order, we decided to order the chirashi sushi while still in shock of how amazing the salmon & tuna bowl was. While the ingredients were the same as the salmon & tuna bowl which consisted of green, tuna, salmon and rice, it was a totally different story. The sauce for the chirashi sushi was less freshening as the salmon & tuna bowl. It was more heavy and salty and with strong taste of sesame as you can see the large amount of sesame presented on the plate. The sashimi was slightly marinated as well and therefore not as fresh as the salmon & tuna bowl but went really well with the sauce. I recommend one to order both the salmon & tuna bowl and the chirashi sushi because they were just so different yet equally yummy.conclusion:roasted.We are in LOVE with the restaurant. We will definitely visit it again when we go to Montreal. It is just truly amazing as an Izakaya which I believe is the type of restaurant that are in high demand in North America.visit http://theroastedacorn.com/2012/12/17/kazu-montreal/ for awesome pictures about the food i mentioned :)
5	The Golden Rule of eating ethnic food; go where the ex-pats go. I knew I was in good hands while waiting in line to get in for lunch (even at 2PM). The was a very sweet older Japanese ex-pat couple in line behind me. We got to chatting and they told me that food at Kazu is as good as it is back home. SOLD.I only get an hour for lunch, so I almost ducked out of line at 2.30 to grab something else. the above-mentioned couple stopped me from taking off... Glad they did. At 2.37 I was sitting at the bar and had a massive bowl of Tuna/Salmon salad in front of me. Divine. Yes, it's pricey for a lunch meal, but the quality and quantity of the ingredients is so worth it, so don't feel bad plunking that cash down every once in awhile.The staff is wonderful, speedy (really speedy) and the place exudes Japanese hospitality and charm. The next time I go back, it will be for a dinner, so I can really savour my meal and linger over it with a few friends.(EDIT: After a trip to Japan-- this really is where it's at. It's bang on to what I've eaten there).
2	Kazu... AH! Where do I start. I was EPICALLY disappointed. Maybe I was expecting a lot. Maybe that's why. First things first. Service was bad. We were just starting with our appetizers and they had already brought our mains. We felt as if we were being kicked out, even though there wasn't even a line at the door. The beef carpaccio was very good and tasty, the ingredients in everything were all fresh, but the Shrimp burger was basically a shrimp patty with A LOT of mayo. Nothing spectacular really. And the salmon tuna sashimi bowl was such a waste of great fish. Such tasty pices of heaven mixed with lettuce and other crudities. Hardly any dressing. Needless to say, it wasn't spectacular either. Add to that a crowded tiny hole, a not so welcoming atmosphere, and a relatively high bill. All in all, has INCREDIBLE unexplored potential --  Don't go there expecting a feast - the place is definitely OVERRATED.
5	From a warm weather dish of Tuna/Salmon salad to a cold weather Ramen, or 48 hour pork, or the heavenly beef rib this wonderful and friendly resto has it all. Rediscover Japanese cuisine here. As for the service, you will never wait long before receiving your plate of awesome but sometimes, just sometimes you will get your meal before your appetizer. I've survived worse things; so will you.As for avoiding the line-ups, there are strategies that work nicely but there's no way that I'm going to share those secrets with you people. Nope, nope, and another bucketful of nope.
4	I had a superb meal.  A serious cut above the usual.  Great staff, very attentive service despite the small size.  And marvelous flavours.  I had the organic salmon app, the 48 hour pork, and a ramen.  Could.  Not.  Stop. Eating.  Bravo.If you find me on flickr and search for Kazu you can see pics.
5	Tuna and Salmon Bowl. Oh my god. The handful of fried radish on top of the dish is killer. The longer the flavours sat in the bowl the better it tasted. I was so sad when it got to the last bite I didn't want it to ever end. Everything looked so delicious if I had the stomach capacity to eat everything on the menu I'd never leave. If you won't be able to go back I'd suggest sharing multiple dishes so you can experience everything there. Don't be intimidated by the line. It's nothing compared to the food you will taste inside. Sitting at the bar, I was tempted to reach other and eat the dishes prepared by the chefs. Don't fall into temptation, but I assure you it will be hard.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurant in Montreal.  Ever since I moved last year, I visit this place every time I come back.  Highlights:Tuna/Salmon bowl: perfectly seasoned vinegar rice mixed with salmon, tuna, lettuce and crispy noodles.  Tastes fresh, but is still filling and a great mix of flavorsRamen: only served at lunch the broth is a great salty soy sauce flavor that helps warm you up on a cold Montreal daySalmon MousseShrimp BurgerBeef Rib for dinner: Not only is the rib delicious but the mashed potatoes that come underneath are insanely good, I could eat those mashed potatoes for the rest of my life. Overall, it'sa great great place.  Go for lunch on the weedkdays for no line or go early for dinner.  Even with the line, service moves quickly.
2	Coming from Toronto, I found this joint much like Guu, but smaller and not as good. We waited in line for 1/2 hr - 45 minutes before being seated. Please don't come here in a large group because you will most likely have to split up into groups of 2 or 3. Also, it is very crowded inside. People will be rubbing behind your back to get through.We shared the 48 Hours Pork Rice Bowl, Tuna and Salmon Rice Bowl and the Shrimp Burger. The 48 hour pork rice bowl is not special. It tastes like any other marinated pork. While it is tender, it's not worth the price.My favorite was the tuna and salmon rice bowl. Mix in the crispy ingredients on the top, and you have an extremely fresh bowl of seafood and rice. Very refreshing but not filling.The shrimp burger was tasted heavier than the other dishes and was delicious. I wish the shrimp wasn't mashed up, and actual pieces of shrimp were used.All in all, I wouldn't pay this price or wait this long for Japanese food of this quality. Next!
1	I waited for 1 hour & ordered some kind of DonburiSliced meat was on it but really doesn't look like Donburi at all.I'm asian & really good at tasting japanese food but that food wasn't good at all.Rice was too wet and the meat was so cheap and** I found 2 big paper chunks in my mouth **that's probably a paper to wrap meats. I felt bad but I saw many people queueing outside. So I payed & tried to go out but you know what?**the master lady hold me and said "You didn't left your tip"**It was quite bad experience.
4	I love their ramen! the best in town!! i really wish they serve ramen for dinner also :(
3	Tuna/Salmon bowl - 8.5/10 . Interesting flavor and textureShrimp Burger - 6.5/10  .  Shrimp favor was sweet and okayRamen - 5/10Noodles were hard not cooked through, broth has a after taste and strong garlic flavor.  I had better ramen in Toronto for half the price.  Best Ramen I had was in Kyoto near Shijo.  and Shijuku hidden allyway
4	This is not your usual Japanese restaurant in Montreal. You don't go there for sushi and makis, but for the close to authentic Japanese bistro (Isakaya) experience. The place is small and doesn't take reservation so you better go there earlier to line up. I really like all the tasty sauce that the chef made, however the restaurant could be a little more sanitary (comments from someone who's been in the hotel management school). Service and food is good, atmosphere is vibrant and not for romantic tete-a-tete.
5	GREAT food but get there early since there always seems to be a line due to the very tiny dining room. Servers were very nice and the food came out almost immediately which we ordered the grilled pork neck, shrimp burgers, chicken tortilla salad. The  homemade ice cream was great too (we tried 2, plum and green tea with macha). This place also carries Sapporo on tap!
5	So i cannot count how many times i have been to this place! pretty much once a month. The Real deal is to sit at the bar, so you can fully experience what is Kazu! or let's say Who is Kazu! So last time i was there, i invited one of my friend who never been there before, one of the cook from Satay Brothers (if you like Kazu you will love them aswell). it was his bday. We ordered probably 10 different things, A lot of food we had!! And so we could eat More, we decide to take option of eating nothing with rice. We started with the octopus and the Eggplant. Octopus was grilled and not overcooked, with perfect spices and a pretty big piece.Eggplant was something amazing and reminded me of what my dad do. Spanish tapenade. We took the Homemade Tofu, it is nothing special to it, you really got like Tofu and Texture, it was plain Soft Tofu with Soya Sauce. Its was more a Texture experience than anything else. Taki Gyoza is one of my favorite appetizer, and Edamane is a Must!Beef Kalbi was perfect cooked, not too much, and was Tender serve with well balance salad. (actually pretty much everything we had, was serve with a Salad)We order the grilled Mushrooms, I loved them and again its a texture experience. they had this mix of flavour, i guess because its cooked same grilled as all the meat and fish. I like it, maybe some people wouldnt appreciate it.  We order also the Fish Head, it took more time than the other meal, but was one of my fav dishes, we almost order another plate of Octopus but we decided to take the chicken skin and the beef carpaccio. I dont regret it :)and we finish with Sake ice cream. I didnt drink, my frient had a glass of beer and i took Green Tea, that i really love there. Good Quality of Green Tea. And something you have to know! Share with everyone the food you order, it is the good way of eating there, and order 1 or 2 plates at a time. Because they are really fast in preparing the meals, and the plates are big, and the tables are small. Finally the staff is great, i remember the waitress didnt know a word of french, and now they almost fully speak french. Kazu as the most seductive smile. and if you tell him your going come back tomorrow, he will have the cutest laugh ever!I would go back only for his charming smile. :)oh i have mention, the price, for me its cheap, some consider expensive, but for everything we ate, we paid 140$ all, that includes a  30$ of tip
4	My girlfriend and I waited for about 20 minutes outside before the opening of their dinner service in a Montreal winter.Totally worth it.The place is very small and crowded, the ambiance was great, and the service was amazing. The waitress always checks from afar whether you finished your plate or not, so that she will make the call for the next order. This avoids many problems with their small tables and big plates.I laughed at my girlfriend for picking the Shrimp Burger every time she came here before, UNTIL I took the first bite myself. The presentation was amazing, the burger was cut into halves so that it is easy to eat and also easy for sharing. The combination of crispiness from the shrimp patty and the lightly toasted rice crispy grains, along with the juiciness of the patty and the wonderful flavour of their mayo sauce is what I'd like to call FOODGASM. Basically, the food is making love to your mouth.Seriously, to the guy who only gave 6.5/10 for the burger, go make an appointment with a physician because your pallets are probably dying.What I also enjoyed is the Tofu and Kimchi Salad. I loved the idea of replacing vinegar with the juice that was used to marinate the kimchi, it is absolutely creative and works so well with the sweetness and other complex tastes of the sauce. The sesame and seaweed powder were just the kicker.Their soup were too salty and had a little too much MSG in it and was difficult to eat at the end. Their teriyaki chicken skewers were very mediocre, the texture of the chicken made me believe that it was thawed.The 30-hour pork lacked of taste comparing to the shrimp burger and the tofu salad. I can taste the mirin and the marinated ginger was good, but was definitely less impressive.I will definitely come again to try out their tuna and salmon bowl, and hopefully give them a well-deserved 5 star.
4	This little hole-in-the-wall spot on Ste.-Catherine street has japanese-fusion food that will not disappoint! The glorious rice bowls with sashimi and topped with crispy puffed noodles are to. die. for. as are the pork neck, fried gyoza, and the slow-cooked pulled pork. I love sitting at the bar and watching the cooks magically produce all this delicious food from a kitchen smaller than my apartment's.
4	A bit of a weight but worth it.
5	Without a doubt the best Japanese joint in all of Montreal. I visited Kazu for lunch with great expectations (because of its Yelp rating), and it certainly did not disappoint. I had the ramen and a ramune (Japanese marble soda). Deeeeeelicious!The staff were superb. You can tell they are busy, but somehow they still find the time to greet you and treat you right. Occasionally, they would throw out a joke or two, which helps to keep the atmosphere relaxed despite the continuous influx of customers. Be prepared for a wait if you're planning a visit. I've never seen this place without a line, even if you go at 3pm. It's definitely worth the wait.
5	I'm not going to comment on the food since there is already a consensus of 'yumminess'. Rather I'll write a bit about the mechanics of eating here efficiently since it's such a small place. Wife and I usually go prior to open for lunch or dinner - that way, the waiting time is 10 minutes which is acceptable to us. If you arrive after everyone is initially seated, you lose and will have to stand outside. We like to sit at the kitchen bar because the tables are super cramped and I'm no skinny mini. Kazu usually acknowledges us with a shy smile.  You should order really fast because they don't dilly-dally. In fact, if you are patient enough to wait outside for a table, they often bring out a menu so you can order immediately upon getting a seat. Consistent with this, hardly anyone eats slowly and most people eat and are out in 10-20 minutes. It's fast service, good eats, and get the hell out (they don't tell you to, but unless you are evil, you'll feel bad looking at the people giving you an evil eye if you ain't eating anymore).  I've tried almost every dish in this place. I've got my favourites but overall, everything is pretty damn good. It can get expensive if you're a pig like me and order multiple dishes. But for the average Joe, it's pretty reasonable.  It's definitely lacks in decor and space, but you got to love a place where the owner is front and center almost all the time and the food is probably better than most "dress-up" places.
5	Waited maybe 15 minutes in light rain ~ 6pm with what appears to be mostly locals. The Tuna/Salmon Rice bowl & 48 hr. Pork bowls along with the Gyoza presented very well. Wait staff squeezed us in to a table next to the bar. Got bumped a few times but I didn't mind. Our orders were taken within a minute, although we didn't get a chance to really peruse the menu. The next table had the Tuna/Salmon bowl and it looked good so we ordered that when we heard I was a favorite. Food came out so fast that we were surprised. Everything was great, even the Green tea. We are from San Francisco, have been to Japan, and eat Japanese food several times a month and our first visit to Kazu did not disappoint. We rate our food at Kazu tops. Staff was quick and courteous. Would come again if we ever visit Montreal again.
4	Well first off we used to go here/near for all you can eat sushi so obviously something has changed. I read it is the spot o go and we did see the lineups earlier on or stay so we decided to try it.  Friday night. We were there for there 5:30 open and were not lucky enough to get in on the first seating. We waited a 1/2 hr and finally got in.  We were seated at the bar and it was very efficient that's for sure. What I do not like is that I feel that we were rushed without being so.  My husband had he Goyza.  Not the best he has had.  I had the pork cheeks (was like tuna blobs on the plate; not bad just not great or different). Main meal:  I've heard a lot about the shrimp burger so that was my choice and it was great!  Husband had sashimi salad which was good but the down side was it was presented with a sort of French dressing. Wth?  I like place   I like the food.I do not like the wait and then the feeling of the rush to get outThe food is mostly great but hit and miss in dome areas.
5	High quality Japanese food at very reasonable prices!  The dishes are traditional japanese dishes each with a unique twist.  Waited about 40 minutes in line to get in for a seat at the bar.  The 48 hr pork bowl was great (like an upscale version of yoshinoya beef bowl).
5	Awesomeness abound. The only thing I can say about this place is that the food is delicious, they get your food fast and efficient, and it doesn't make you feel all bloated and disgusting afterwards.We had the tuna and salmon salad bowl, Buta-don (which is thinly sliced pork with rice, SO GOOD), and gyoza. Wow, they were amazing. The three dishes might be too much for two people, but we didn't regret it at all.Definitely try out their shrimp burger! We sat at the bar, and saw the chefs frying patty after patty of shrimps. There must be a reason why they're so popular!A nice wrap up for this meal is definitely the ice cream we got. Home made ice cream! What more can you ask for?
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Montreal. Amazing, authentic Japanese food that is SOOOOOOOOOOOO good. The Tuna tartar is awesome. I go with my mom. Cramped little place, there is always a line, but its worth it. The staff are very helpful and nice. Get ready to stand in line for the best Japanese food in Montreal. Unless you show up right when they open, you will wait. It's worth it.I don't think they accommodate groups larger than 4, or it would be difficult and you would probably have to wait longer (so plan accordingly). Don't sit by the door in the winter (sometimes people waiting have no decency or consideration as they hold the door open in the middle of the winter). I wish they had a better way to ensure cold air didn't get into the restaurant (not that that will deter me from returning).
5	There is always a huge line outside this place which signals it is amazing. Every dish is perfect and delicious. I highly recommend the shrimp burger, okonomiyaki and pork neck.
4	We were here on a rainy Saturday evening around 5:20pm and there was already a substantial line. The doors opened promptly at 5:30pm, but unfortunately we did not make into the restaurant in that first round of entry. The restaurant is pretty small and probably fits around 15 people at a time. After another 40ish minutes of waiting we finally got in and sat at the bar.The service was prompt but friendly. We ordered the shrimp burger, gyoza ravoli, beef carpaccio, buta don, chirashi, and traditional sashimi. Overall, all the dishes were tasty. The buta don was surprising, visually it looks very simple, stewed pork on rice, but it was very tasty in a home made sense, I couldn't stop eating it. The chirashi and sashimi came with a nice helping of mixed green salad and had a nice sesame soy dressing with a nice citrus hint. The fish served was fresh. The beef carpaccio came dressed in a thicker oil citrus like emulsion.The shrimp burger was fresh and had a nice crunch from the shrimp, ours came out a bit lukewarm though.The gyoza ravoli was really 3 gyozas "fused" together by a starch base that became nice a crispy thin base once cooked, you would love this if you love the crispy crunchy bits at the bottom of gyozas.They have an open kitchen and since we sat at the "bar" area we got to see the chefs cook which was pretty cool. I was in awe at the rate of them pumping out the food in such a small kitchen. Overall, I liked the food here but felt rushed eating, I understand since there was a tonne of people outside and they are a small place. I would definitely return if only I do not have to wait 1 hour in line, maybe next time I am in Montreal we will go at 5pm and get into the restaurant in that first wave of patrons.
4	Good stuff. Know this....1. The place is small. Arrive early to get one of the first tables or you could wait awhile.2. The place is popular. The prices (according to my sources who were here back when) have gone through the roof. Lunch will cost $20-$25 or more.3. The food is good, but be careful. The tuna salmon bowl is freaking amazing, while the ramen is just ok.4. If your party is not all present, they probably won't seat you. So, if you get the wise idea to show up early to get a table for a friend or friends who can't be anywhere on time, you'll be out of luck.
4	We arrived at 5:30 and there was already a line, as expected. As others have mentioned, they do bring out menus so you can order when you sit right away. we ended up waiting around 30 minutes (tip: if you come with more people, the longer the wait will be..there are probably only two or so tables that can seat more than two). inside, it's very small and cramped. of course, you don't come here to lounge. we were in and out in about 20-30 minutes. as for the food, I got the tuna and salmon tartare rice bowl. it was really good, as was the shrimp burger which I tried as well. I got the onigri to go, but it ended up looking better than it tasted. Everything that the tables around us ordered seemed to get rave reviews and the open kitchen was a nice touch. Service was fast and efficient, and the price was not too bad at all (around $10-20 per entree)
5	Food was great, service was quick.  Get here early, line forms out the door and the restaurant is tiny!RAMEN: VERY good broth, not overly salty, you can taste the whie miso and porkyness of it.  The noodles are cooked al dente and it's the perfect sized bowl. TUNA SALMON SASHIMI BOWL: Definitely get this.  It's a big bowl of tuna salmon sashimi served over rice and lettuce topped with a delicious dressing and crispy vermicelli. Just wished the sashimi pieces were cut a tiny bit bigger and less rice, but still very delicious.
3	Count me among the very few who do not rave about Kazu, but I went there about a month ago.  Got there before it opened so there was a bit of a line, but we made it through to get in on the first sitting.The place is small, but is so typical of an actual Japanese restaurant with the greetings and all.Disclosure, I had just come back from a 10 day trip to Japan, where one of my friends is an absolute foodie, who only seeks out the best of the best of every kind of Japanese cuisine there is.  In this case I decided to order the ramen from Kazu.Now I had an other worldly experience at a Tokyo ramen house, so I maybe was expecting too much.  The noodles tasted like they came out of a box and the pork wasn't that tender and had lots of fat.  I did enjoy the broth though.  And price wise it was more expensive than the one I had in Tokyo (which is one of the cities with the highest cost of living in the world!).Anyway, I will have to go back and give it another shot by trying something else.
5	They are not many places that I am willing to line up for but Kazu is definitely one of them. The butadon (48 hour porc bowl) is my personal favorite, but they really don't have a bad item on the menu. On top of the amazing food is the excellent staff. I have been to Kazu a few times now and have never had a bad experience.
5	Maybe the best lunch I've had in months, Kazu was fantastic. It is a small place that is very crowded, so I would not recommend going with more than a couple of people. There was a line when I arrived but since I was just grabbing a bite by myself, I got a seat at the bar in short order. The service was fast and friendly and the food was amazing. It was a little on the expensive side (around $20 for a lunch), but you cannot really complain when the food is so good. If you are in the neighborhood, you can surely do worse.
5	Amazing "hole-in-the-wall"! Walking by, you'd never know to walk in... until you notice the GIANT (45 minute long) line outside which extends all the way to the end of the block. Unbelievable!!!There are very few tables inside, but many staff who are just whipping around, ensuring that you get fast, attentive, enjoyable service. We thoroughly enjoyed the following items:Yaki Gyoza - they had this very delicate crispy stuff attached to them that tasted like salt and vinegar chips... hard to describe, but sinfully deliciousEdamame - a standard favPork cheek - a tasty dip type of dish, wish Kazuo's famous sauces drizzled around the plate with your meat paste (okay, that might not be the prettiest description, but it was so good)Tuna belly - melt in your mouth tuna, prepared to perfectionMade-in-house Rum & Raisin ice cream - mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, so sweetThere was not a thing that wasn't perfect. This is a place you go to for the experience. Speaking of which, the owner, Kazuo, likes to observe the patrons in the restaurant to make sure they're having a pleasant one. Maybe that's why he keeps his restaurant so small... so that he can see every corner. Bravo Kazuo, you've got a great thing going!
5	MY favorite japanese restaurant all time ! I use to go to college near there and i'm so sad that i can't eat every week there :( I LOVE THE SHRIMP HAMBURGER WITH A BOTTLE OF RAMUNE :') and their ramen is soo good. And their homemade ice cream ... wow it's always worth to wait for the line :)
5	There is nothing better than going to a restaurant, ordering something unusual you have never tried before, and finding it to be delicious.  The menu at Kazu is inventive, exciting, and super tasty.  I had the tuna and salmon salad rice bowl, a big bowl filled with tuna and salmon tartar on vinegared rice accompanied by pickled carrots, cabbage, and daikon root and topped with bean sprouts, marinated lettuce, crispy rice noodles, black and white sesame seeds, and special sauce.It was incredible: a myriad of delicious flavours (salty, bland, sea, pickled, nutty, sweet, umame) and wonderful textures (crunchy, chewy, soft, hard, delicate, crispy) that melded together to make a complex dish that was as fun to eat as it was yummy.  I will definitely be coming back to try some more stuff next time I'm in Montreal!
3	I rate this place 3 1/2. I've been here twice now. The first time, we both ordered the 48-hours pork on rice. It was ok. I found it to be a bit salty for my liking. The second time we were there, we waited in line for a bit. There were supposed to be 3 of us, but my husband was running a bit late and though we were willing to order for him, we weren't allowed to get our table till all 3 of us were there. This was a bit of a turn off for me, but I brushed it off because I understand they have a small place.Our cousin ordered a sashimi plate to start.  It was a bit disappointing when the dish arrived because it was not much for such a price. We ordered 2 shrimp burgers, a salmon and tuna rice bowl and an okonomiyaki to share. The shrimp hamburgers are definitely different and tasty, but the more I thought about it, the more it reminded me of the Vietnamese shrimp paste on sugar cane, which I love, but is less expensive at a Vietnamese place :). My husband really enjoyed the salmon & tuna rice bowl. I found the okonomiyaki to be too heavy and greasy. I really felt like having ramen that day, but it's unfortunately only offered during lunch.Though this place does offer a twist to Japanese food, I am not as over enthusiastic as some others are.  I also think what makes some of their dishes so good is their sauce.I will be back to try ramen during lunch some time.
5	Awesome.  For those of you from New York, like myself, I have never hadanything remotely resembling the food at Kazu in New York, and it beatsmy favorite Asian fusion place in New York (Salt and Fat) hands down.The food is way underpriced for how good it is.
5	This place doesn't LOOK great- and it's tiny - and it's about an hour waitHOWEVERit is so so so delicious. Two friends of mine had the shrimp burger and were soo sad to finish their plates. They even said it was the best burger they'd ever had. Another friend had the teriyaki burger and she was soo skeptical of the restaurant and said it didn't look good -- as soon as she took a bite she ate her words. She said it was surprisingly so greatI had the tuna and salmon bowl. The portion was huge, the rice was awesome, the pickled veggies were crunchy and yummy and the salmon was soo soft and good and I loved it Not to mention the wait staff is fantasticDefinitely recommend
5	Don't judge a book by its cover. This place is tiny, and not the prettiest looking, but DEFINETELY delicious Japanese food. I ordered the shrimp burger and it was f-ing amazing. When I finished it I was pretty sad it was done. The portions are kind of small, but filling. I also ordered the coffee ice cream, which was very strong in taste and good tasting, but very tiny.
4	FYI ramen is only at lunchtime. We went there thinking ramen for dinner waited an hour and then they gave us a menu which made this fact clear.  Still....The food is pretty damn good.Grilled pork neck bone, wowSalmon belly, huge portion, great preparation and flavorBeef ribs were great nice garnish too, if a bit pricey at $25 for two bones. Home made tofu was tasty The bad: super cramped they sit a party of four on a table you would typically sit a deuce at. The wait is long, for a reason...Prices a bit on the high side for the venue but the food holds up pretty well nonetheless.
5	This is gonna be short and sweet:Kazu is absolutely worth all the hype and waiting time! I took a simple shrimp burger , it was very delicious and i'm still thinking about it the next day & probably will be for the remaining of the week. Like everyone else said, theres nothing much to say or add - JUST GO. ( *Bonus this great food is superrrr affordable )Already planning my next trip there. Enough said.
5	Tuna and salmon bowl is delicious. As a bonus, they were able to use gluten-free soy sauce to accommodate my girlfriend's allergy. Excellent food and service.
4	From the moment I arrived in Montreal and walked along Saint-Catherine St, I couldn't stop but notice a line of people waiting hours to get into a tiny Japanese restaurant. Needless to say, I had to get in on the action as well. This, was more difficult than I had anticipated, and I strongly recommend my readers to get there either 10-15 min ahead of the opening hours, or get there a little later (maybe after the 3rd or 4th dinner rush).After waiting outside for more than an hour, peering through the windows and waiting for people to leave, we were finally seated. And unfortunately, the long anticipation had raised the expectation and hunger levels exceedingly high. My girlfriend and I shared a 48-hr pork bowl, with the famous shrimp burger and okonomiyaki. Despite the publicity, I found the pork bowl to be just a little bit too cool and the rice a bit dry for my taste. The pork was certainly tasty...but if you didn't tell me of the hype, I wouldn't have guessed its significance. The shrimp burgers were definitely unique with the shrimp patty almost melting in my mouth, but the portion sizes were too small. As for the okonomiyaki, I've waited nearly 5 years since NYC when I lasted tasted its deliciousness, and unfortunately, when the dish was delivered, I devoured it post-haste, not actually noticing the fact it was kinda cold and the fish flakes had stopped moving and dried up.Overall, too much hype for decent and authentic Japanese food. I will not argue its taste, but the wait was just unreasonable for the level of food. Still worth it...just won't do it again.Food: 4 starsPrice: 3 stars (expect to pay about $20 per person to be actually full)Ambiance: 3 starsWait: 1 star
5	I highly recommend it but make sure you are ready for a long wait. We came here twice, once for dinner, and once for lunch. The wait was about 30-45 minutes for dinner, and 20 minutes for lunch. It was well worth the wait. Highly recommend tuna/salmon rice bowl, 48 hour pork, and ramen for lunch. Please be sure to try their sake ice-cream, and also bring cash to pay.  The prices are very reasonable compared to other places in Montreal especially since quality of the food was excellent.
5	Oh my god - I don't normally write reviews ... But the best food in Montreal isn't smoked meats, it's not poutine, it's Kazu
4	watching chief making food is entertaining, taste awesome. ice cream is must try! and reasonable price! the only thing is there is a huge line!!!! we have waited about an hour standing outside! anyway, we feel it worth a try!
3	Good buy overrated. Most dishes end up tasting like rice vinegar and mirin. Not really worth the long lines in my opinion.
3	Kazu is about the food, which is why there's a line out front every day when the place opens.  It's a well oiled machine and an interesting one to observe while you're waiting and dining. Instead of talking about the food, I'll share the dining experience.   We got there at 520 pm and there was a line.  While you're waiting they come out, ask how many are in your party and give you a menu.  When the door opens, the place fills up immediately, and you might get seated at the counter even if that's not your preference.  That's ok, because you'll get to watch your food, and everyone else's, being prepared.  One gentleman seemed to know where every dish goes, even though it seems as though he's focused only on cooking.  We enjoyed our food, and the experience.  I wouldn't miss it if you're in Montreal.
4	Does Kazu need another review singing its praises? Who cares! Eating here is always a cathartic experience. You wait and wait in line, and then finally it's your turn to take a seat at a cramped table and order from the restaurant's array of fresh, delicious dishes. The pork neck is messy and outstanding (you may not want to eat it on a first date, but if you do and all goes well, you've found a keeper), and the tuna-salmon bowl always hits the spot. I'd also recommend the very tender octopus tentacle and the chicken yakitori (charred, caramelized perfection). No meal here is ever complete without some of their delectable soft-serve ice cream, which you can get dusted with Earl Grey tea (among other flavours), or doused with sake. So good. The service is fast, and everything tastes like it was made with love. Go!
5	Amazing food, had to wait in line for 1 hour to get in. It's a must visit every time I am in Montreal.
3	On a random stroll down St. Catherine our first night visiting montreal, the bf and I witnessed a colossal line outside of the restaurant we later discovered to be Kazu. After viewing the pictures, and reviews and the menu, we decided it would be worth the wait to experience what others have claimed to be "the most authentic Japanese food in Montreal."After a 40 minute wait in line on a Tuesday evening around 6, the bf and I were seated. While waiting in line, we had already picked out what we wanted and ordered as soon as we sat down. Our meals came out in lightning speed, it was pretty much a fast food restaurant. The 40-hour pork was the first to arrive. A good portion of food atop of a bed of rice, which was unfortunately lukewarm. One of the best things about these rice bowls, is the piping hot steam the rises out of the bowl, catching the juices of the meat atop and dispersing it to the diners nostrils. Too bad the pork was cool and the rice was nowhere close to hot. Flavor-wise though, it was good! The pork was tender, juicy and flavorful though I probably wouldn't order it again. The shrimp burger arrived next. This was actually my favorite. I loved the fusion style and flavors. The bun was toasty and slightly charred so the outside had a crunch while the inside was pillowy soft. The shrimp patty was delicious and shrimpy, slightly sweet and very fresh. It went perfect with the zesty homemade sauce! Finally, our okonomiyaki. Something the bf had been vying for for the past few months and the main reason we came to Kazu. Apart from the fact that it was missing dried bonito flakes, the dish was great. The pancake itself had plenty of seafood ingredients inside. The batter was thick and flavorful. The edges were crunchy (just the way I like it), and there was a perfect amount of sauce. We finished our meal probably in 20 minutes and we were satisfied. I liked Kazu and would definitely recommend it, but not sure that 40-hour pork would be something I'd go for again.
5	If you blink, you'll miss it. If you miss it, you might as well kick yourself in the ass because you've then deprived your taste buds of some super stimulation. That is how tiny and cramped Kazu is, but it makes for a most intimate experience with your coterie and adjacent table mates, or in my case, the chef who constructed my dinner. After waiting in line for about 30 minutes on a chilly Sunday afternoon, I was finally called upon and was seated at the bar top seating area. I felt like I had just won the lottery, as other anxious guests with larger parties who had been in line before me were assed out in the cold. Oh well, I guess that is one advantage of dining for one. *cheesing hard*My three course dinner consisted of:THE APPETIZER - I love fried food, so I chose the YAKI GYOZA (pork) to start. The texture and crunch was perfect. Though not frowned upon, do not feel pressured to use the sauce accompanied by the dish. The Yaki itself can stand alone.THE ENTREE - Being a Japanese restaurant, you can bet that end-table booty that their fish dishes are off the hook. Get it?! Fish?! Hook?! Whatever. The CHIRASHI-ZUSHI caught my eye right away, and it did not disappoint. It was ultimately a large sushi dish unravelled with a dressing in lieu of soy sauce. YUM! I didn't know it at the time, but the chef had prepared the entree from beginning to end on my place mat, directly in front of me! Had I known it was mine I would have recorded the whole process.THE DESSERT - I've never ever been a dessert guy. typically I would stuff my face with apps and the entree and leave no room for anything else, except a romantic make-out session with my honored cutie. But on this night, after having a small chat with the chef, he strongly suggested that I try the SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM (rum raisin was the flavor in rotation), in which they make in-house with no eggs or cream. A cold dessert without having to worry about farting my way back to the hostel? *instant boner* Yes please. It was delightful.Go Bruins!!!*Beantowns Finest*
5	I have yet to see this place without a line, but it's definitely worth the wait.  I came here with my girlfriend and we sat at the bar.  It's a very tight set up and a bit hard to get around, but the service is fast and the food is amazing.  I had the donburi and loved it.  Tofu, veggies, and rice.. can't go wrong with that.  My girl had the okonomiyaki, and that was also delicious and full of flavor.  The last time I had okonomiyaki was in hiroshima, and the one here is a pretty good substitute.   To end the night, sake ice cream and kalua ice cream.  They have a whole bunch of other flavors to choose from, and to be honest, I'd love to try all of them and what we had hit the spot.  I'd definitely come back.
5	It's pretty much already been said so I won't bother repeating. This place runs like a factory. Smiles all around. Great food, although not particularly light food as you may expect from a Japanese place.
4	I suggest trying the Japanese dishes. This place is a very nice Asian and American fusion restaurant, with Asian restaurant atmosphere, where everyone's bustling and and the service is fast and curt, not intentionally but because the servers are quite busy. I really enjoyed my experience here. :-D The place is tight, with traditional decor, reminiscent of many Asian restaurants in Korea, China, and Japan. The wait time can be up to 30-45 minutes though. But I thought it was worth the wait time (though I doubt I'd say the same during winter, where it feel likes time has stopped because it's so cold).I had the bibimbap with chicken, and one of the soups. The soup was nice, but the bibimbap was a bit overpriced, but maybe properly priced in the Montreal marketplace, as I have not seen bibimbap charged less than 10 bucks in restaurants there (you can find something similar for may 6-8 bucks in Toronto and New York).The Yuzu carbonated juice was very refreshing. It reminded me of my childhood when I was visiting one of the buddhist temples in Korea. The monks and my family, while talking, were sipping on tea with the yuzu fruit slices, used for sweetening. That was a very nice trip back to memory lane. :-)I highly recommend this place!
3	3.5 StarSeriously, I hate waiting in line for my food. I doubt I would have eat at Kazu if there was a line waiting to get in. But it must be my lucky day! In the neighbourhood looking for some pre dinner snack and there was no one waiting!!!!!!!I got a seat at the bar within 5 minute. As I was having a snack and being alone, I ordered the Shrimp Burger that everyone raved about and a Yuzu Soju Cocktail to wash it down.Shrimp Burger was A-OK. Love the Spicy Mayo that gave a little kick to the burger and the rice cracker added texture. The shrimp patty though was really messy. I was happy sipping my drink and absorbing the busy vibe. The service was a little rush but of course the staff wanted to turnover the tables as fast as possible.I don't mind coming back next time when I am in town visiting. The rice bowl does look good.. I love sashimi and of course some black sesame ice cream too!
3	It's a good Japanese place, but I wouldn't say it's the best Japanese food that I ever had. I had a Salmon and Rice Bowl, and a chicken meat ball skewer. The chicken skewer's serving size is sadly very very little. The Salmon and Rice Bowl is not bad. It's a place worth going, but maybe not worth going twice for me.
5	Seriously worth the wait. Waiting about 30 minutes on a Tuesday night in the summer, there was a line about 15 people deep and the only restaurant around that people were waiting to get into. Meals are extremely creative, fresh and delicious and if you get the change to sit at the hightop over looking the kitchen, don't miss out. The efficiency and perfection sought after by those 5 chefs cramped in a very small space make it dinner and a show worth while. highly recommend.
4	Although there was a line beginning to form just before 6 pm, the wait wasn't long (maybe 20 minutes?) The servers are VERY fast and efficient, especially for working in such a small space. Get there early because once we were served our food, the line outside almost doubled in size. With a party of four, half of us ordered the 40-hour pork bowl, while the other half got the salmon/tuna bowl. I thoroughly enjoyed the prok bowl; the flavour s were spot on and so satisfying, but I found the salmon/tuna salad was a tad greasy for my taste. Either way, it was still an enjoyable meal for a reasonable price. Savour it while you're there, no matter how busy it is!
5	Yes. I have nothing to add. This place is great. Avoid if you are hypertensive.1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
4	This place is delicious and great if you are willing to wait in a long line. Food was excellent, I had the tuna-salmon bowl as an entree and the homemade tofu appetizer, would highly recommend both. The only reason I gave 4 stars was because of the long wait and the atmosphere - it is a very tiny, cramped restaurant, you are practically on top of the people sitting on either side. Extremely loud too. The food is so good that I understand why people are willing to wait outside 30-45 minutes.
5	Last meal on my trip and where else to go but the legendary Kazu  (side note - I actually tried to go there Saturday evening at 8:30pm and the lineup was crazy). Anyways, because of that, I made sure to get there nice and early Sunday morning. We were the first in line (no one started lining up until about 11:45am). We decided to sit at the bar (my new favourite spot to sit at) and watched the chefs work their magic. They were assembling 6 ramen bowls at a time, it was an amazing thing to watch. Everything was so precise and planned/executed to a tee. Each dish comes with a small side salad or soup (egg and ginger) and we shared:- 48 hour pork with rice and red ginger ($9)- Pork Ramen ($12)- Shrimp burger ($12)I don't even have to go into each dish. Everything was amazingly delicious and full of flavour. Wish we had room to try more (we wanted to try their ice cream (wasabi, what!?!) but we were so full. Anyways, this was the perfect last meal to end my trip of eating and bixing around. So good, no wonder there's always a lineup here. Just get there early!
4	Great food, easy to find, amazing customer service..Place is really small and hard to find a seat, So after several tries to find a less crowded time, I went there on Saturday  hour and half  before closing...Able to get a seat on the bar..Amazing food, tried their raman noodles, ice cream, & shrimp burger all are priced a bit high but its worth it....I will definitely revisit and quality of the food is great. Its a place to go with ur best friend to experience food. NOT for a big group.
5	One of the best meal I had in Montreal. It was worth the wait. Beef rib was tender and tasty.
5	Delicious!  I ordered the salmon/tuna bowl: salmon and tuna on top a small amount of rice topped with a salad with a delicious dressing. The restaurant was tiny with not much seating but service was really good and efficient. Wish we had a place like this in  Philly
5	My favourite place in all of Montreal. Salmon & Tuna salad is delicious and whenever he has giant tiger shrimps on the menu, you have to get it! The line up is always worth it. My boyfriend and I only go together so it's easier to get a seat and we love sitting at the bar. The staff is very friendly and crazy comical it's the best place in Montreal. Hands down! It's also very easy to do take out here.
4	A little on the expensive side but everything on the menu is delicious.... I even enjoyed their tofu!
3	I went to Kazu about a month ago, I really liked the place except the waiting line. the service was good enough. I ate shrimp burger that was not bad as well as rib chops. the rib chops were so tasty but a bit fatty. over all it was a good experience.
5	Come for the salmon & tuna bowl! It's like the best of salad, rice, and sashimi mix all in one. Oh the dressing! That with all the tastes and textures in that bowl from the top layer of crisped noodles then greens and hodgepodge of stuff and layer of salmon and tuna bites and rice. My only regret is that my stomach couldn't take more of what was on the menu.
4	We had just explored the Musee des Beaux-Arts' permanent collections (or at least as much of it as our feet could handle), and were ready to have lunch asap. I gave my husband a few choices in the area from my guidebook/Yelp searches, and he settled on Kazu. We quickly made our way over there, but clearly the lunch crowd had just been let in because every seat was filled and we were the third party now waiting in line. Ugh.We waited close to 30 minutes, I think, before the two of us finally got a pair of seats at the bar. By then we were starving and immediately ordered - easy since the menu items are listed all over the walls! I got the tuna salmon salad bowl, which was delicious. The tuna and salmon sashimi lay on a bed of vinegar rice with some pickles, and was topped with a mixed greens salad and crunchy rice noodles with a delicious, light sesame dressing. It came with my choice of soup or salad, and I chose the egg soup for a little warmth in my belly. My husband had their ramen, which had a delicious broth he may or may not have ended up drinking straight from the bowl. He had the potato salad on the side, and quite enjoyed it (I don't like potato salad myself). I had to get dessert, and although they were promoting their new maple flavor, I went with the matcha and a small little cup of homemade vanilla ice cream with a generous heaping of matcha powder on top came out. It was delicious, although not quite what I expected and a bit on the small side considering it was $5!Prices in general are...fine, I guess. It depends really on what you order, but it seems as if quality of the ingredients drives the prices (obviously you have to pay more for sushi grade fish, for example). The staff is nice if massively harried, but given the crowds/lines of people trying to dine there they handle it pretty well. I'd probably do take out if I came here again because the thought of waiting for a cramped seat and rushed service is a bit of a turn off, even for yummy food.
4	Excellent salmon bowl with a delightful vinaigrette.  The shrimp burger was also quite nice.  I particularly enjoyed the novel marble-sealed Japanese soda.It was worth the 15 minute outdoor wait in the middle of the afternoon!
5	Kazu was everything I expected from reading other's reviews: fun, frenetic and fantastic.  Just be aware that even though it says they take DebitCards, they only take CANADIAN Debit Cards.  So make sure you have enough cash on you.
4	Tiny restaurant on Saint Catherine that you can miss so easily!But please don't pass it and don't worry about the decor too!You are here for the food and that is where they shine!BBQ Glazed Pork Neck are a must here - messy but so good!The Japanese version of Bimabap is awesome too.Be careful since some of the dishes are huge.Try to come early since lines can be long.
3	Well. We waited in line before it's opening for dinner. We finally got inside. It felt back in Japan again, the deco, the staff, especially the narrow space. It was so crowed, so packed, I couldn't take off my coat, because there was no place to hang it anyway. My wife had to hold her bag on her laps, there was no extra chair (stood) for bags. The food was okay. We didn't enjoy it. I was in a rush to finish my ramen in order to give my seat to people waiting inline on the sidewalk. I felt hot wearing a coat while eating hot ramen. I couldn't turn my body without touching people around me. All in all, it was not a pleasent experience. I have never gone back since. That was the once and only suffering for a bowl of ramen. Not worth the waiting. Instead, I found this Big in Japan recommended by Anthony Bourdain in his TV show (no reservations, lay over). It is on the corner of Pine street and boulvard St-Laurent. It has a red sign in katakana says Big in Japan. Below it is boisserie japonaise. The food, wow, I like everything on and off the menu. The ramen is signature. The braised pork, yammy. If you are lucky, you may have their Black cod as dinner special for $35 something. Worth every penny. Miso steak for $70, enough for three to four middium rare steak lovers. And all prices are taxes in. Service is very friendly. Environment is so casual. My first choice for comfort food. Sadly it doesn't open for lunch on Saturdays and Sundays.
5	Beyond mere excellence. Really provides the chance to try a completely different spectrum of Japanese cuisine.Very down-home and unfussy environment. Friendly unpretentious staff. Absolute expert culinary skills.Extremely crowded but that's part of the fun.
4	I had looked up places to go on Yelp before a short little trip I took to Montreal with my friends, and read all the rave reviews about Kazu. I'm glad I went, and I would most definitely return.First Impression the place is small and can be hard to miss, but it was very crowded on a freezing Monday evening. There was a wait, but they were fairly fast at getting people in. It said only Canadian money would be accepted outside, so we searched for an ATM or money transfer place around to no avail. However, when we asked a waitress they said American credit would be fine. The restaurant itself is very cramped, understandable considering how busy it is. The service was prompt. The food was AMAZING. We ordered the Beef Carpaccio which was extremely flavorful, same with Tukune. I would also recommend the Beef Kalbi plate and the Buta-Don. I would give this place 5 stars, however at the end they informed us only cash was accepted. Luckily, we had enough to cover the bill, but it would've been nice to know ahead of time. Overall, the food was delicious and flavorful but points off for the cramped setting and the cash mixup.
5	The line ups and all the hassle to get in are so so sooo worth going to kazu.. I was pleasantly surprised
5	Nice twist on traditional japanese food!Despite the regular wait, the food is worth it. Several platters use the same combination of sauces, so mix up your order between fish/meat. Recommend: Nakaochi (fresh tuna sashimi served right on the bone), pork cheek+tortillas, shrimp burger
5	This tiny restaurant is full of magic. Went there many time. It would be my favourite place if we didn't have to line up for this. Great flavour, fast service, loved their grilled fish! Totally worth the wait.
3	Is the food good? YesHowever you'll have a nicer dining experience at a fast food place. We arrived at 6:30 and we're out the door by 7:02 and not by choice.
3	It's good but it's over rated for the price. I paid $60 with a friend and we're still hungry. That we didn't even have any beverage. I've been to Vancouver and this place is good except but not great. I'd give higher score if it is more reasonably priced
4	The food was good, mostly the Beef Kalbi plate. The porc dumpling were okay but the Sake was great! The place is small but not dying small :-P If and there will be a line outside, don't be scared to wait, it will be worth it! This is a place to try if you like Asian food :-)
5	Hands down the best Japanese in town. Strongly recommend take out over eating in unless you're ready to brave a long wait in sub zero weather.
5	Fantastic. Just go!. Be prepared to wait outside, and in winter, be prepared to freeze waiting to get in. This restaurant is very small, and you will become intimate with the table next to yours. Not a place to linger. Food comes out really fast. However, the food was outstanding. The tuna/salmon bowl was amazing as was the shrimp burger. Not fancy by any means, and the prices are reasonable. If you are looking for quality food over all else, this is your place.
5	In my entire life of food-journeying, Kazu is the only place I willingly and knowingly stood outside for 30+ minutes shivering in sub -15C temperature at night waiting for a seat. Totally worth it. This is our fourth time here since we discovered this completely unique place with masterful culinary experience. The joint is small but all their dishes are tremendous (in term of quality and taste). The menu is rotating all year round aside from a few signature dishes that have established their fame (e.g. shrimp burger, 48 hour pork, ramen) and typically they are hanging on the wall handwritten (and/or handdrawn), a homey and cozy touch to a small place of wonders. After raiding through the entire menu the last time. We decided to try several new things this time around. We've been eyeing the beef kalbi while we waited outside, the thin slice of beef ribs shining with its marinate is an ever enticing sight. And having been deprived of raw sashimi for the past few months, chirashi-zushi sounded like ambrosia. Our foods came pretty quickly within a few minutes. Thinly sliced salmon and tuna lines bottom of my plate, four pieces each, the gorgeous shine indicates top notch quality and freshness. One savory bite of ultra thinly sliced tuna created an exploding sensation for my taste buds, the raw flavor with the smooth texture of the tuna accompanied by sesame seeds and a light citrusy sauce. The fish is extremely fresh with no 'fishy' taste at all. The beef kalbi is of the same caliber. With the scent of a smoked BBQ rib, one usually expects a the meat to be overcooked just a tab. But not this, the residual tantalizing smell of the BBQ is present for a mouth watering lure and the thinly sliced, marinated and glazed short ribs still attached to the bones are evenly cooked to perfection. From the first bite of the beef kalbi, boyfriend went 'WHOAAA, SO GOOD' (a day later, is still recounting the taste of beef kalbi the same way). Both dishes comes with a side of salad with a delicious light salad dressing and rice. Like hungry bears, we devoured our dishes, not wanting our tongue to separate from the heavenly tastes and textures for even a second.Needless to say, another beyond excellent meal in our tummy courtesy of Kazu.
4	Tried their ramen during a lunch which has boosted another star bringing it to 4.5 stars. Best ramen I've had in Montreal (tried ramen at 3 different places). The pork in the ramen was melt in your mouth ib texture.
5	The reviews themselves say how amazing the food is here. Nonetheless a couple of tips. First, be prepared to wait a bit outside in the line. It is a small place so they can only accommodate about 30 ppl at a time. Also, it is a great form of advertisement. It is absolutely worth the wait!! Do not leave!! Second, they either take cash or debit cards. No credit cards. So be prepared in advance. Other then that, if you are going and need company, hit me up! I am always ready for Kazu!
4	I went to Kazu with high expectations based on a friend's recommendation and the glowing Yelp reviews. My friend and I waited for about 20ish minutes in the cold outside the restaurant before being seated. We were rushed into the cramped restaurant and seated at the bar.I do think Kazu is slightly overhyped, but is probably very good in the context of Japanese food in Montreal. I ordered the dumplings as well as the teriyaki burger. Both were very well presented, especially considering how fast the kitchen churns everything out. The food was tasty, but I wouldn't say it was out-of-the-world; I think I've had better Japanese food in other parts of the world. Overall, I think Kazu is a good bet, and maybe I should have tried something else on the menu. Their specials look like they would be really good. Don't go here if you're looking for a sit-down, laid back experience - they will rush you in and out to get that line moving.
4	So many reviews for this place. Why do we need another one? Good question...... I asked myself the same question when they announced another Star Wars movie. Anyways, after 2 failed attempts to get in Kazu (Due to long lineups) I decided to give it another try. And boy I'm glad I did. One of the best Izakaya's in the city. You have to wait in line until everyone from your group arrives. Its a tiny place cramped with tables and bar stools. The service is great. They churn out dishes really fast. We ordered the 48 hour pork (Buta-Don), Beef bibimbap, shrimp burger & the tuna belly.  The Buta-Don is stewed tender pork sliced with onions on rice. The Bibimbap was awesome. Perfectly cooked tasty beef with homemade pickles & eggs sunny side up. The shrimp burgers were good. The spicy mayo adds the zing. The Tuna belly is ginormous. Enough for two people.  The fish here is really fresh and yummy too. All the dishes are  full of flavor. The only thing that bothered me is that they don't serve Ramen for dinner. But all in all a great place. Definitely worth waiting in line for this food.Food -  Awesome Service - Friendly  Ambiance - Casual / CozyWorth the money - Yes
4	3.5 after my first visit, as I can purely base this on the 2 dishes I got. Tuna & Salmon TarTar plus the Gyoza.I was walking by & saw a line outside this Tiny restaurant that was made up of 10-15 people waiting to be seated for dinner in a cold 35 degrees. I immediately Yelped and sure enough the reviews justified this wait.While the Gyoza was phenomenal with a great sauce and the perfect mix spiciness & sweet, the Tuna & Salmon Tartar on Rice wasn't flavorful enough to justify 4 stars.This place was packed with people looking very satisfied with a wife variety of food being ordered so I couldn't get myself to downgrade them to a 3 & again the Gyoza was special.They don't take American Credit or Debit, so you'll need to go next door and use the ATM.
4	Easily wins the best ramen in Montreal contest if there ever was one! I've been here twice, and the food is A-MA-ZING!  The Tuna Salmon bowl that I had almost a year ago still brings a smile to my face when I think of the experience! The only thing that's hard about the place is the long lineup wait (unpleasant when cold outside) and the feeling like you're eating in a fish bowl. Everyone in line, stares at you. Probably wait for you to get out, or out of sheer envy of you sitting down and eating. I would have totally 5 starred this place if it wasn't for this feeling.  It was less like that during my second visit, but seriously wish it could be bigger. More Kazu for the people!
5	Nice hole in the wall place with excellent service and food. Japanese style barbecue is something special. Be prepared to spend about $50 if you want the full experience (appetizer, entree, beer, and dessert). Nice japanese staff take pleasure in watching you desperately pulling meat from a hot pork neck.
4	Great food! I had the shrimp burger and okonomiyaki, which were very good. Prices are reasonable too. You're probably going to wait in line to get in, the place is pretty small, but the food is worth it!
5	Unique Japanese cooking! If you want to try a bunch of items (more than one plate each) I recommend ordering them one at a time as the tables are small and the food comes faster than you can finish!
5	Simply the best authentic Japanese restaurant in Eastern Canada.  Chef Kazu is very friendly and staffs are polite and very welcoming.  I have brought my work colleagues several times and not even once they were not happy to wait for 20 min to have dinner at Kazu.  Three of my favourite food there is Tuna berry, Grilled seabass and buta don (48 hour cooked tender pork on rice bowl) ($9).  Yes, place is small (23 seats or so) and no reservation.  You will wait for normally 20 min to 40 min.  BUT BUT BUT, you will leave the restaurant with a big smile and stuffed stomach.  To end the meal, they have special ice creams that use locally farmed milk which comes with oh my god,  many flavours like macha, kahlua, coffee, vanilla, rum raisin, maple, ... more For me, if you can wait on the line, this restaurant is definite 5/5!
5	Good price.
5	earl grey ice cream and okonomiyaki. What a treat.
5	Simply the best Japanese food I've ever experienced.  The tuna and salmon salad bowl is so simple, yet so refined and delicious.  I've been craving it since visiting last week, for the first time.  The gyoza was also very fresh and crunchy.  The only downside, waiting in line on a busy night.  I would recommend going right when they open, or ordering take out.  I'll definitely be returning this summer when I'm back in Montreal.
5	Words cannot express the deliciousness! It is absolutely worth the line to make it inside to taste the BBQ chicken crispy tortilla, shrimp burger and sashimi platter. End your meal with sake ice cream...which is ice cream in a bowl of sake...that's a win-win right there. Go now!!
2	If this is the best Japanese yakitori of Montreal or Eastern Canada... has some low standards for Japanese food. Granted, I did not have high expectations coming in. I came in hungry, tired, & wanting some food. Also came in with the understanding that it wont be nyc level or la or even chicago.  got to experience kazu from the bar.The good: -Food comes out fast. Less than five minute wait from ordering. -Nice enough workers. The bad: -Long lines in cold, rainy weather.-Sat at the bar and found that NO food was really grilled or made on the spot. In fact, all of the food was premade and essentially assembled (hence fast turnaround time from your order). The shrimp burger was a premade patty heated on the grill but it didn't sizzle sizzle like all burgers should!! And the pork for their ramen was precooked and heated under the stove.... Pretty disappointing that they don't even sear it at any point. -The 48 hour pork was essentially pork over rice. It was much like the food at Yoshinoya (Japanese fast food) but definitely underwhelming and not that warm. -Salmon and Tuna bowl was more rice than anything with small bite-size pieces of salmon and tuna. It was not bad but it fell short of anything standout.All in all, having any sort of Asian cuisine is a break from the heavy (albeit delicious) food of Montreal. Would I come back? And have to wait?? Not really. This place is packed and does well on its own so people must not be too demanding. However, I will just bring a nice shin ramen cup and be sated the next time I am i. the city hankering for something Asian.
5	Super yummy Japanese food and a menu full of options! We got the Japanese bibimbap with beef and the salmon and tuna sashimi on vinegar rice and everything  was HUGE and delicious and served in never-ending giant stone bowls that you can dig your chopsticks into and swear you're never going to forget. Delightful courteous staff and a cute woody interior, but don't expect to linger too long because this place is tiny. But when it's windy and cold you really don't feel like waiting forty-five minutes outside for a quick dinner on a Thursday night, follow Risa's idea and take out to a cozier destination.
4	Everything was delicious! Order lot lot and cannot ask for more than a friendly service. A bit rushy but we dont care, hehe!
5	Great food. Not a place if you want to take your time. There will probably be a line up when you get here and it is definetly worth the wait. You will be rushed for the order, rushed to eat and rushed to pay, but the food is simply fantastic. I recommend the tuna and salmon bowl and anything they have on special that day!
5	The best restaurant in Montreal. The shrimp burger makes me want to cry "in a good way". There's always a line up! and might take some time, but it's worth it once you get in and order. Fast service /friendly staff... Highly recommend this place.
4	It's great food, typical izakaya fare, but be prepared to be rushed out seconds after your brief moment of delight. Try the shrimp burger! Alcohol prices are on the upside (10$ for a pint of Stella), worth all your money nevertheless. Great staff, very quick (too quick) service. Will go again.
1	Being a Japanese myself, I have to say this is the Worst Japanese restaurant I have ever dined in my life. Terrible food, bad service. bring the check when the food is not even finished, try to rush us out of the restaurant. ordered the prok ramen, only came with two tiny piece of pork, and half of the pork is all Fat, charged $12 for it, absolutely absurd. ordered a salmon and tuna bowl for $18, most of it was rice, tiny bits of salmon and tuna, definitely not worth it. also the shrimp burger is totally junk, shrimp marinated in 90% of the flour. the sashima plate is a total joke, suppose come with 4 pcs of sashima, I couldn't even see the size of them, so thin and small, need a magnifying glass. And so called green tea ice cream is ridiculous, put some green powder on top of the melted white ice cream, come in a teeny tiny cup and dare to charge $5. This place is a total loser, wouldn't recommend to fellow yelper!!!!
3	Over-rated...Sorry, but if you did travel to Japan, you would know that it is not as authentic.
4	The restaurant is so tiny and cute! Too small to contain the people who wait an hour before it opens! We were the first customer after the first round of serving. So, the 40 minute's waiting and watching others eating was really suck But later we were eating the delicious pork rib in front of the window and ignored those jealous sights comes from the people waiting outside of the window. that was really a stupid revengeBTW, the 48hours pork bowl was really good, and the pork neck is cool too, my favorite was the plum wine. Not too sweet and not too fierce, but had all the taste I want to experience at that time, just like the flavor of Montreal!
4	You know it's a good place when locals wait outside for their take out..Started with the beef carpaccio. It was good but heavily ponzu sauced. I normally would have deducted stars for that but the ponzu sauce was incredible. I'd rank it on the top 5 I've had. Then I had the Sea Bass salad - bass was perfect and the portion could feed 2 but I still managed to chow down the whole thing. Great presentation with the grilled flour paste and sesame seeds - makes a brittle that is folded onto the fish. Then there's the eggplant puree along with aforementioned sauces with dried seaweed and dried parsley sprinkled all over. It's a salad but it comes with rice. Theres also a tomator salsa with torn pieces of fresh mint.They also have homemade ice cream. It was good but I was a little disappointed when it was Vanilla ice cream sprinkled with powdered green tea flavouring. I think with all the dedication to presentation, I found that to be quite anticlimatic.. That and their yakitori presentation.. Two tiny skewers dipped in sauce on a white plate. meh.Tips:1) tea costs you money2) open concept kitchen, love it. Especially watching the chef and sous-chef create a bevy of colours and sauces right in front of you. They are super fast too. worth it to sit at the bar3) The space is tiny4) Only cash and interac5) recommended dishes by those who know: Grilled Octopus, Kalbi beef, and homemade tofuArigoto!
5	This restaurant is really special. Ofcourse, that's why you have to wait a long time to get in. Best to try and get there early and get seated first, or come at some really weird time. Don't forget that they are closed on Tuesdays (?). Pretty much everything on the menu is great, and it's totally worth the money. It is SO delicious hereThe owner and chef of this restaurant is from Japan used to work at Toque. If you don't know what Toque is, it's a pretty fancy restaurant in Montreal. Needless to say, this restaurant is great because of his magic touch!
5	Awesome place. Wait can be long to get in but just worth it. Food comes out fast and most importantly is incredible. Attitude and atmosphere is really special. Try to sit at the bar if you can.
5	Awesome!!! Shrimp burger and chicken wrap appetizer is to die for!!!!
4	Located between Atwater and Guy-Concordia metro station, Kazu is an japanese restaurant that serves authentic food. When we got there, there was a line waiting to get in for lunch. After 25 minutes of waiting, we finally got in. The restaurant is very small and cramped, but the service was very fast and friendly. We ordered the ramen, the pork bowl, and the shrimp burger. Everything is as good as previous reviews mentioned: fresh, delicious flavours, and portion sizes that will fill you up. The prices for lunch were also reasonable. I am very glad I tried it, and I will be back to taste more of their menu.
4	Went with some friends on a Saturday. Very long line up at 6pm. Because we needed a table of 4, we waited for about an hour. The place is tiny, and we sat at the corner squished between the door and the fridge. The waitress is very friendly and smiley. I had a shrimp okonomiyaki, which is a "pancake" paste. We also shared a tortilla with grilled meat and tomato; meat is very flavourful.The pancake is quite large and filling! The texture is softer than fish paste but still has small whole shrimps inside. Comes with some sauce and lettuce. We found the place by ratings, and when you're waiting in line for so long, you know what you're in for.
3	I went once, and it will probably be my last time here. My favourite dish is the chiraishi..didn't enjoy anything else. The cost of the food is quite high, but for authenticity I guess it's okay. The place reminds me of Izakaya/Guu (in Toronto), which I would prefer more than Kazu. However, in the city of Montreal, japanese cuisine is not as abundant - so I would highly recommend if you want to try authentic jap food. One other thing that deters me is the wait. I waited 1 hr + to get in..never again. I recommend take out.
5	Visited on a Monday night with a crowd of 10 people waiting in line outside at around 8:30 p.m. The small restaurant with open air kitchen seats 8 at the bar and another 8 to 10 at the few tables. They give you menus outside while you're waiting in line. The food was unbelievable! Really enjoyed the octopus leg,  eggplant dip, shrimp pancake the beef plate. This deserves being my first 5 star rating.
2	Overhyped. I seriously don't understand the obsession people have over this place. The first time when I tried going, there was a HUGEEE line up, and there I thought in my head, "Dang this place must be amazing!" But regardless, I left because the wait was way too long and a girl's gotta eat. I finally tried coming here again during lunch hours with a friend. There was barely a line so that earned them a star. The people there spoke fluent Japanese (according to my Japanese speaking friend) and she said everything the atmosphere at least, was an authentic Japanese setting. I ordered their ramen and was excited to try it, but boy was I disappointed. The soup was borderline cold. Not the mention there was way too much oil for my liking. I really wanted to like this place, but this ramen just doesn't work for my palette. Perhaps dinner is better? Or I just came on a bad day? I don't know. But based on that experience, I wouldn't come back here again.
5	My favourite restaurant in Montreal. Incredible food and friendly, lightening fast service. The chef Kazu is world class and is the nicest guy on the face of the earth. The line is intimidating but worth it for the ambiance. You could always do takeout though if you don't mind the glares. My recommendation: everything. My go to order: Tuna Salmon Bowl, Chicken Skewers, and a Shrimp Burger. With Asahi of course.
5	Great place for lunch! Get the beef bowl(or any bowl).
5	The Service is quick,  however,  the restaurant itself is small so expect a long line. I found the waitstaff to be very friendly. I ordered the shrimp burger for my entree which came out really fast. On the very first Bite the words "damn this is good"  came to mind. I'll be going there again before I leave Montreal because the other dishes looked excellent as well.  The establishment has built a reputation on quality Japanese food and it lived it up to the hype.
2	based on all of the positive reviews we thought we'd give this place a shot our first night in montreal. the service was swift and pleasant, however, the speed at which our dishes came out was too fast. so fast that it felt like the food was pre-made and possibly even sitting around for a while. we tried the shrimp burger which was very good, and also the 48-hour pork which was borderline inedible. it was as if all the flavor had been cooked out of the dish and all that was left was some fatty bits of pork and rice. the tofu salad was fine, but lacking in any kind of bold flavor. it is a big hunk of tofu with wilted greens in a fine-enough rice wine vinagrette.the lone highlight was the shrimp burger which tasted fresh, was full of flavor and had a highly satisfying crunch.If kazu focused on preparing dishes as ordered and less on turning over tables the quality of the meal might improve. as is stands, we won't be going back. don't believe the hype.
5	Rock solid, straight to the point, delicious, crazy fast service and friendly... Would go there again and again
2	After 2 years of wanting to go to this place (we hate lineups), we passed by one day and managed to get in right away.Food in general is sub-par, we didn't enjoy the flavor, the portions, nor the service (yes it is fast, but too fast? seem rushed and wanting us out)We paid over a 100$ for two and we left hungry. Definitely does not live up to the hype.I cant even remember what we had
5	We just had the most delicious and unique Japanese dinner we have ever had. The dishes are unlike any Japanese menu you could imagine, check it out on www.kazumontreal.com. Our favorite was the 48 hour pork; it is hard to describe. Chef Kazu is a happy guy, joking around with the customers and his team. The next time I am in Montreal, I will be sure to go again. Count on it.
5	Every once in a while I find myself craving a Kazu terriaki chicken burger, there is nothing like it!!!! That being said I wont stand half an hour in line for it, unfortunately for many years the line has only gotten longer for this crowded gem. Whenever I pass by if I see no line I will drop everything for this irresistible meal with a Japanese lemonade :-) if you have the patience you will not regret
4	Awesome place, though super tiny. Had their ramen and it was delicious. Highly recommended.
5	I am a picky Asian and I am dreaming of Kazu every night since I left Montreal, I wish they had one in Boston, my bf wants to drive 5 hrs just for Kazu (he's stupid). This is not a common Japanese place, don't expect spicy tuna maki on their menu. This is a "oh my god this is off the hook" Japanese food place, it 's superb, fresh and simply yummy and i want more, feed me. I can't see why anyone would give this place lower than 4 stars, hint... the long line.
3	I went to Kazu, because it was the highest rated Japanese restaurant in Montreal in terms of number of Yelp votes and the overall rating. I had to stand in line for 10-15 min before I got in. In all fairness, the food was good. Not great, but good. I was hoping to try rolls, but that place does not carry rolls. The meat options I went with were ok. I really liked the ribs, but was not impressed with pork neck. I ended up spending about $60 for two people. Maybe I don't get something, but I probably won't be coming back here again. The service was great and fast, don't get me wrong, but the overall ratio of type of food to price wasn't there for me. Next time, I'd much rather go to a Japanese, where I will have a selection of rolls, sushi, sashimi and hot meals. A good example I like to quote here in Toronto that's my personal favourite is Japango. I hope Montreal has an equivalent of Japango.
5	My favorite restaurant in town. From the ambiance to the price to the food, everything was very satisfying. I highly recommend the shrimp burger as well as the tuna salad.
5	I can say it's my favourite restaurant in Montreal. Try the Ramen if it's your first time there, and then you will fall in love with it. No matter hong long you need to wait in line, it worth.
3	I would like to give it 3.5 stars. So I'll give it 3 to stand out from the usual 4. It's a nice place but I think the lineup is too much considering what you get. Food is good and generally tastes nice, but overall I found the place overprices for the food you get. Dishes are small and good but not wow. Definitely not good for groups as its so small, and also not good to hang out for a while as they speed you through the process quite speedy.
5	Always great food. Kazu never disappoints. Their tuna/salmon bowl is my favorite. It's a very cozy restaurant but it gets really tough to move around at peek hours! Oh yeah, there is always a line outside, so if you want to eat dinner here, you have to wait 20 mins minimum.
5	The best Japanese restaurant I've tried so far. Although the waiting line is pretty long , I guarantee you, once you are seated the service is fast and efficient. The food is so authentic and the presentation is like a 5 star restaurant. The dining room itself is very small but regardless it is worth every penny! I've tried a lot of things in their menu an everything is delicious
5	On Golbi day you can order this huge plate on which sits a mound of sticky rice and lettuce surrounded by thinly sliced and deliciously grilled beef. The beef glistens; it's a beautiful thing.  OR... you can do what the guy next to me did, which was to hold the rice and double up on the beef. It was enough to make a grown man weep it was so beautiful.  So yeah, there's something I'll be trying on my next visit.
5	The shrimp burger.....WOW!!!!! amazing
5	This is a great tiny spot.  Awesome food!!!  Pork ramen eased the cold day.  We all split the salmon and tuna tartar rice bowl.  It was delicious.  Even my 6 year old devoured it!!!  It is a must.  Only drawback was the wait.  We tried to go last night but there was a line out the door...literally.
5	is there a 10 star option on here or naaah??? BECAUSE DAMN!!!!! HANDS DOWN THE VERY VERY VERY BEST RAMEN I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE!! coming home, ramen will NEVER be the same again. the restaurant is so tiny, makes you feel real claustrophobic... but who cares. we were lucky enough to be sat on the countertops right in front of the open kitchen where the chef himself plated my ramen right before my eyes. first bite, i made this inhale noise that indicates shock, amazement, & flavor bomb all in one & the chef looked at me asked "good?" & all i could do in that moment was nod yes about 30 times with the biggest smile on my face & super all wide-eyed with excitement. pork is SO tender & juicy. broth is so flavorful! the portion is smaller than what i am use to, but i am assuming thats how we are suppose to eat it haha. you know how we are in the states, always about them big portions. sheets of paper in all shades of yellow are posted all over the walls with handwritten menu items.. can't be more legit than that. all servers are so sweet & attentive... i wanted to hug all of them because they were so cute & nice! canada does this thing (that i hate!) & put a big azz 15% tax on everything, but best believe even with that I still left a nice tip just because i don't think no other ramen can top this place until i hit some spots up in japan! happy eating  ya'll... you Montrealers are lucky as fck to have this place!! yes i said that!
4	Super tasty food , small dining room , rushed but friendly service, definately want to try at least once more if not more
4	I came here recently for dinner with a friend. The place is pretty small, so the line was out the door at 8pm on a Saturday night. We ordered the shrimp burger to share; I ordered the tuna and salmon bowl as my entree. I can definitely see why the shrimp burger is such a popular item -- the shrimp patty was seasoned perfectly and the accompanying mayo was delicious! My half of the burger had a little too much bun, but overall it was flavorful enough that I didn't mind. The tuna and salmon bowl was a hefty portion: tuna and salmon tartare on a bed of rice with crispy rice noodles, lettuce and some pickled veggies. Loved it! Definitely a welcome change to all the French cuisine.Note: cash only.-L.
1	Horrible experience in Kazu today. When we entered the restaurant, we were happy that there was no line in front. However that was just a beginning.To be honest, there are 2 girls(waitresses) who talked with us. Let's make the thing easier,the first girl who greeted us, here I take "A" to identify her. After no more than 1 min, another girl came to greet us, let's call her "B"."A" firstly asked if we need some drink to start, we said just water. As long as "A" turned her back, "B" came to ask the same question. It was fine, people may make mistakes when lacking of communication. Then I realized my thought was too naive.In the next 5-8 mins, "A" and ""B came in turn to push us to order foods. We sit down at around 18:25. Before 18:35, these two girls asked us more than 5 times. My friend mentioned we were not familiar with the food, just leave us 2 mins to think."A" just explained yellow paper on the wall is special offer. Others are regular. Then she tried to make us order a grilled fish. We need time, we repeated that. Then "B" came, same words, same action, same mood. That made us anxious.After such scenes happening 5 times, my friend said this small restaurant wants us order and eat quickly so as to receive more customers. But these kind of attitudes sucked. I checked outside, yeah, I saw the line has been built. No wonder why "A" and "B" were in a hurry!Alright I made place for you, Kazu. But you were totally removed from my list.We left at around 18:35, I didn't even have the chance to touch the glass of water.Who spoils Kazu? Reviewers or media? What supports Kazu indeed? Profits or customers' experiences? I think Kazu took his choice, and the customers should take theirs, too.
4	The only reason I haven't given Kazu 5 stars is because of it's size and the long wait. We got there a little after 5:30pm (they open at 5:30pm) and there was already a line up of 15ppl ahead of us. The dining area is very small so if you are a bigger group then you will have to be spilt up like we did. That being said it was some of the freshest food I've had and also the most tasty Japanese I've ever had. Definitely worth the visit. I do hope that they expand into a bigger location. They definitely have the following to make it a big success.
5	This review is long overdue. And it's a shame too since Kazu is - still, in my my mind - one of the best dining experiences I've had. The dishes offered here were all so colorful, so flavorful, and so thoughtful. We ate not a single bad dish. I'd describe this restaurant as serving Modern Japanese cuisine since there weren't really elements of fusion from other cuisine. Their food is complex visually and in taste. It's a tiny restaurant with a tight dining area. Three of us squeezed into a little space right up the front window where people gazed at us and our table. There was a line outside the restaurant, about 20-30mins long. This was remarkable since it was raining. But the locals said for their food, it was worth the wait. And it was! Everything is served as sort-of a small plate (tapas style). You could eat many dishes as an entree but I think they're meant for sharing. We sampled all of the the top dishes as shown in Yelp photos. Also Kazu has a board with Specials from which we picked some items. Again, each dish that arrived to our table was so delicious and was devoured immediately. Even the tiny ice creams for dessert were unforgettable!
5	They're getting a 5 star rating despite the size and the long wait because the food and service are so good. I wish I ate every meal there when I went to Montreal. You can't go wrong. The tuna and salmon bowl is one of the best meals I've ever had. The shrimp burger is delicious... everything I've had there is delicious! The servers are awesome.
3	Pas pire, mais trop cher.
5	My favorite place to eat in Montreal. Well worth the long lines, but the lines are not as bad if you get there before noon.  Plus, it's much more fun to sit at the counter and watch them put together the dishes.  My favorite is the salmon/tuna bowl.
5	Had dinner at Kazu on a thursday night without a reservation. We had seats right beside the kitchen, at the counter, because all the tables were taken. My friend recommended the salmon bowl for 15$ which was amazing. The owner, Kazu, was right there all the time greeting and smiling. Whats also copl is that you see all the food being made if you sit at the counter. I will be surely coming back for the salmon bowl!
5	I am from the Westcoast of Canada, it's mecca for Japanese food so having it in Montreal is a luxury, add in the fact that every young Montrealer doesn't seem to mind lining up for hours, I was at the height of anticipation. ~It didn't disappoint~ The salmon carpaccio on rice served with salad greens was tasty and it was given a dose of the Kazu sauce, that is so good, they actually bottle it and sell it at the counter, I also had the gyoza done traditionally with the crispy skin on top of it which is created during the frying process as they are fused together. Tasty, affordable, and and always packed you can have green tea ice cream to finish off the whole meal.
5	Worth the wait! Our new favourite resto! Have the eggplant, the ribs, the tuna bowl, the ice cream--no disappointments at Kazu!
