4	I do not have nearly the good story to tell about Friday's Front Row as Political Junkie Z did...  But we did see a great game there and ate some pretty decent food. Friday's Front row is an open-air Friday's above the left field bleachers, and the coolest part is, you don't need a game ticket. I mean, where else can you get this kind of seat without spending thousands of dollars on a fancy skybox? The food may not be fantastic but it sure beats a lukewarm rubbery stadium vendor hot dog any day.
4	This is a great concept with a great view of the field.  We didn't sit here for the game, but instead went in to watch batting practice.  On top of that we just had beers.  Apparently, they sell tickets for the games at the restaurant and clear out the seats a little before game time.
4	I hadn't been to a T.G.I. Fridays in years before I heard about this place on a recent trip to Phoenix.  It's located inside Chase Field, where the Arizona Diamondbacks play, but it has its own separate entry so you don't need a ticket to the game to get in here during a game. You can, however, see into the park from much of the restaurant. This was cool.The place looks like any other Fridays, but a little nicer. It has a lot of baseball decor on the walls instead of the typical Fridays bric-a-brac and large TVs to watch games on. Plus, it has large windows that let you see into the park. You can't see the field from many of the seats, but looking in at the crown is fun. I was looking forward to stopping at a T.G.I. Fridays to try some of the food featured on that Food Network show, but during games they have a limited menu that excludes a lot of the good stuff including most if not all of the Food network recipes. That was kind of a bummer. On the plus side, the food we got was good. It was hot. The service was good and friendly. The beer was cold. We could see into Chase Field.The server tells me that you can make reservations for the tables outside in the park and inside by the windows for a reasonable price, and half of that price is credited in food. It doesn't seem like a bad deal, and would be worth checking out for a game or an off night, especially for an avid baseball fan.
3	One of the few American Food chains in downtown Phoenix.  While I don't like chain restaurants, it is always nice to have a place where you can count on a certain dish no matter where in the country you go.  This Friday's is quite different than most.  Gone are the red & white striped awnings and, in their place, are rows of Dbacks and other baseball memorabilia lining the walls.   If you are a baseball fan, you will love this place simply because of the decor.  If that wasn't enough, you get to enjoy the signs and sounds of a major league baseball game (81 days of the year) and the field itself for every other day.  All in all, a pretty nice setup.This Friday's does tend to be priced a bit higher than others in the area.  The service is also much slower.  Also, if you are watching the Dbacks play, you may lose your appetite.
3	I tried this place to show some friends the stadium in the offseason and we had a bogo coupon. It was deffinatley a Fridays. Nothing great, nothing awful just decent chain food. The atmosphere cool, and if you like baseball check it out. The best deal is happy hour 4-7 which has $4 appetizers and $2 beers. It worth a visit but don't expect a 5 star dinner.
3	It's nice having a Friday's fairly close to my house in downtown.  Unfortunately, this one does not provide me with the same quality of service and value for food as the other ones do.  I appreciate the change of decor here, as this Friday's is definitely geared around the Dbacks and not the usual kitschy crap.  The food here is just as good/average as at the other locations, but I feel a little ripped off coming here.  It's always more expensive, but I guess I can understand given the neat view.  I've never been on a gameday, but I can't imagine how awful that could be.  Service is terrible here, even when nothing is going on.  Factor in the chaotics that a game most certainly brings and you set yourself up for disaster.  This is not going to be a quick or cheap meal.  If you are looking for an interesting place to kind of hang out in downtown when there isn't a game going on, Friday's Front Row is a pretty good choice, plus it's right off a lightrail stop.
5	Going in - you know your going to get typical TGIF food.  But the view is great!  If you're a sports junky you need to eat here once.  We took my grandfather, a sports nut, for lunch (hopped off the light rail) and he loved it.  As we ate lunch on the "patio" we watched as the landscapers groomed the field.  The top was open, the sun was shining, a breeze was blowing...ahhh..  The service was perfect.  Our server was funny - took time to chat and made sure we had what we needed as soon (or before) we needed it.
4	There's no better place to catch a DBacks game, except of course for actually inside the stadium.  I went for a Saturday 5:00 game, and was shocked at how few people there were in there.  If you sit at the end of the bar, you can definitely catch a view of the live game (if you're tall enough and don't mind squirming around to avoid the obstructions of the support beams and people that actually paid for their tables).  But regardless of whether you can see or not, you still get the roar of the crowd for every big play.Granted - the prices are a bit higher and the selection is much more limited than your average TGIFridays.  But they do have drink specials and I had chicken fingers and fries that weren't terrible.  An interesting note - the TVs inside Friday's have a significant delay from the live game (7-10 seconds) which was weird when watching the TV broadcast, hearing the crowd react to a play, waiting for it to happen on TV, then getting the reaction from the restaurant.Also, a note on pricing for the reserved tables.  Between my wife and I, we spent $30 each on food and drinks at the bar (a single app and entree between us and 2 or 3 drinks each).  Considering that the "upper deck" tables are $30/ticket with a $30 food/beverage credit, I think that makes the most sense for a last-minute decision to go catch the game.  The "dugout" booths, which are still inside the restaurant but closer to the stadium seats are $35/ticket with only $17.50 credit - to me that makes absolutely no sense.  I didn't get a chance to see the "outside" (of the restaurant) "front row" tables, but those are $55/ticket with a $27.50 credit.  Those might be cool to try out once, but not on a regular basis.
3	I stumbled upon this Friday's while walking around Phoenix on a Sunday afternoon.  I wanted to just go up and have a drink and then take some pictures of the empty baseball field.  Phoenix was completely empty!When I got closer to Chase Field there were some more people and I realized that there was a game going on!  I didn't think I would be able to get into Friday's because of the game; however, it wasn't very busy!  I sat at the bar since I was by myself.  But once I was there awhile, I noticed there were still tables open looking out into the ballpark.  So basically you get to watch the game for free as long as you are ordering stuff.  I thought that was pretty cool.As for the food/drink...I ordered a daiquiri when I sat down.  It was pretty bad.  Almost too slushy.  I looked through the menu and asked if they had any smaller portions or lunch portion.  I was told that since it was a game day they have a different menu and everything is larger.  So I didn't order any food.The service was good.  The waiter was nice and another waitress named Kimmy even came up and talked to me for a little while.  I'd definitely come here again just for the view.
3	Sunday V-Day Empty and boring. The service was oddly slow and odd in general. The waitress was overly nice and I swear she was Minnie Mouse @ Disney for a year or two. The food was good but not great. Everyone liked what they had but no one had a overwhelming time. The stadium was gross and ugly compared to the regular season vibrant green. It seemed a little sad. LOLAlthough I did not have anyone sitting with me while trying to eat, I did have a man cleaning his washcloths in the sink. He was clean and friendly but I thought it was funny.
4	Typical Friday's food that is consistent and satisfies.  But if you have friends in from out of town and you want an impressive place to eat, this is eat.  You overlook Chase Field for the entire meal.  Make sure you don't go during gametime as it's a mob scene, but all other times, Great!
4	This is a great way to enjoy a game, it's regular Friday's food and 50% of the face value of each table is credited to the food and beverage total. The table is available about 30 minutes before the game.
1	Got kicked out of Fridays First Row! What a bunch of pieces of craps! We only had 2 rounds of drinks there, we weren't being loud or obnoxious, the place was practically empty and the manager couldn't give us a satisfactory answer as to why we were being dismissed. The only thing he kept repeating was "I have to back his bartenders." WTF?! It's cool to have a manager to back you up like this but c'mon guy! YOU didn't even notice anything out of the ordinary from our group, you were right there!!! WE WERE NOT DRUNK OR LOUD! Even thought that was our last drink there, it still pissed us off. Needless to say, they didn't deserve a tip and we took our business to a place that appreciates having a good group of day drinkers at their empty establishments on a slow Saturday afternoon. In downtown Phoenix, it wasn't hard to find the next spot...*** Da Bafroom: Sorry folks, we were not there long enough to make this visit.  But I'm sure it stinks just as bad as the serivce we got though!
4	I hosted a business exchange in their two private rooms a few weeks ago and was so impressed with the staff and the service they provided.  We had a great event and all of my guests loved the location!  Everything was set-up as it should be and the food was put out exactly on time.  The bartenders were great and kept everyone happy!
4	While not my first trip to Chase field for a Diamondback game, it was my first time to Friday's Front Row.  Initially I was concerned about the price, but after learning half the price of our tickets went back to us in food credit, well that seemed like a pretty good deal!  You just have to find a couple friends to go with you... because you do have to buy out an entire table, whether you use all the seats or not.  My husband and I met our couple friends to check out the game versus the Cubs.  First thing the men noticed?  How much they appreciated the extra room.  The tables are like 1/2 pentagons, a table cut in half facing the field.  The men are both over 6 feet, and not having their knees jammed into the chair in front of them was worth it alone.  Service was just ok.  They don't have to be awesome, they have a captive audience and they know your bill is going to be at least $130 and gratuity is added in on top of that.  Food was just ok, your average Friday's fare... if you like it anywhere else you'll like it here.  It's a bit pricer at the field I think, and watch out--the drink prices are considerable (that's because they don't list them!).Some other cons:  view, if you are really into the game these seats will frustrate you.  It's a good use of the backfield space that would have otherwise been cheap bleacher seats.  But you're looking at the game from a good distance, from the back side.  Also, Fridays is adjacent to the big screen, so you really can't even watch the game or replays on the big screen.  Also con: noise, you're right next to some huge speakers.  While the space would be good for kids, to be able to run around a little more than regular seats... for kids who are noise sensitive, BEWARE.  I was glad we decided to leave our little guy with the grandparents, I think those speakers would have made him pretty unhappy the whole game.But, for experience alone it was worth it.  Extra room, ability to chat with friends while watching the game, having food and alcohol brought to you without waiting in line (oh, and bathrooms that are close too!).  I think we'll definitely be doing it again next season!
3	Let me start by saying what an awesome concept this is! Sit at a restaurant table overlooking a ball game?! Yes please! When you book a table and tickets here you must meet a food and drink minimum, which wasn't an issue. Somewhat because we eat and drink a lot and somewhat because they have incredibly inflated prices. I guess this is par for a ballpark, though, so I will let this slide.The menu was limited and had zero vegetarian entrees. So I got a chicken salad sans chicken and potato skins sans bacon. No price reduction for doing so.They had a decent variety of liquor, wine and beer available. The food was "okay". Nothing that makes it memorable by any means. Service was nice (be forewarned your tip IS included and they will not tell you this). I don't enjoy that. *If the server actually tells me this, I always tip them extra for honesty. We had a nice evening and enjoyed ourselves! We would do this again for sure, however mainly for the experience. Not the food or service. (FYI tables only seat 4 or 6).
4	TGI FridaysFront Row Sports GrillChase Field401 E. Jefferson StreetPhoenix, 85004Is there a difference between TGI Fridays restaurants? You bet!!Some are Franchises and some are corporate owned. Front Row Sports Grill is the only corporate owned TGI Fridays in the Phoenix area.I arrived at the Front Row at 3:30 in the afternoon - half an hour earlier than I was supposed to. Having never been to Chase Field before I wasn't sure how easily I would be able to park or even it's exact location. That turned out to be a non sequitur.As I walked into the building a small paper sign stuck to one of the doors directed me to use the elevator to go to Front Row. The sign said to go upstairs, but since there was no downstairs, it seemed a bit redundant.The restaurant overlooks the entire stadium with a magnificent view. Had I been a true sports fan, I'm sure I would have probably drooled, but I was here to sample the fare and to meet companion. I was promptly seated at one of the tables. This was probably the only thing that I did find fault with. The tables not at the windows are very high as are the seats that accompany them. I was so high up that my feet couldn't touch the floor, which made me feel a bit uncomfortable. When I asked for a shorter table, the hostess told me that the waiter's/waitress's for those tables hadn't come in yet.My drink arrived quickly, and unlike many other diet drinks I've had before, had enough syrup in it to actually taste good. The waiter didn't even trip up when I asked him for some lemons to squeeze into my drink. He promptly brought a dish of lemon slices, nicely arranged to the table.While waiting for companion to arrive, I had time to study the menu. My first thoughts were that this was a place taking advantage of their location and charging for it. Fortunately, I was proven wrong again and again.Companion arrived at 4:00, and we set about ordering appetizers. We shared an order of Buffalo wings which we asked for undressed but with assorted sauces to try with them. They were done to perfection, with stalks of celery and lots of dipping sauces. Companion had asked for the boneless wings, and the traditional were brought out by mistake. No problem for our server, who left the traditional wings at no charge and brought out the boneless ones. Again, while the boneless wings were of a different nature than the traditional ones, they were, non the less tasty and hot.Since companion was a member of their stripes club (kind of like a frequent flier club), they brought us a complimentary order of house made potato chips. Thick cut, crunchy, non-oily, loaded with Parmesan cheese, they were terrific! I'd eat another order of those any day even though they aren't on my diet.Next was main courses. The menu covers the gamut from simple fare to ribs and steaks. I ordered their Dragonfire chicken. A nicely cooked chicken breast with a kung pao glaze covered with pineapple pico de gallo and mandarin oranges on a bed of rice with fresh broccoli. The rice was the only weak part of this dish. It seemed over cooked and mushy, and I left some of it on my plate.On the plus side, and a really big plus was the broccoli. Having eaten more than my share of the brassica family, most places tend to greatly over cook it, and usually serve it limp and dark green. My usual response is to leave it untouched on my plate. Yet here, in a relatively modest place, I found broccoli nirvana! Bright green, still crispy, and full of flavor.Companion originally thought of ordering the ribs, but was so full from the appetizers that they ordered the Cheeseburger instead. Companion pronounced it to be perfectly cooked and nicely oozing with melted cheese. The burger was served on a brioche bun with all the proper accouterments. On the side were seasoned fries that were truly delicious.Service was never rushed and our waiter came back to check on our needs often, but without being intrusive. Sanitation was good in the restaurant and the restroom, when I used it was nice and clean and fully supplied.As followers of my writing are aware, I never let a restaurant know that I am reviewing them unlike some other reviewers. I made my first exception at the conclusion of this meal and complimented the kitchen manager. One has to wonder why, if a place like this can serve outstanding food, can't the rest of food service places follow suit? This was one of the most flavorful and excellent non-fancy meals that I have had the pleasure of enjoying in Phoenix.I rate this 4 stars for excellent food, great service, and general cleanliness.
3	Fridays at a ballpark. Typical Friday menu. Giant beers. Prices are actually pretty good considering you'll get less quality for a higher price at the park.
3	Inside an enclosed MLB park, good view of the game from the front row tables and decent food covered buy half the cost of your ticket; For the concept alone this should be a five, no, six star review. Unfortunately the reality plays out a bit worse than it should. Lets start with service. What is the point of tipping the server after a meal?  To reward good service? To motivate the server to do well? Well, with a 20% built in gratuity what have we got? Exactly. The menu. Smaller by about 1\2 of the standard Fridays with none of the discounted combo meals. And the prices? Jacked up. OK so now lets do the math. $60 per ticket, $30 goes to food. Oh, it only goes toward food. I didn't know that. The gratuity and tax aren't covered. The tickets were $120 for myself and the wife. We ordered $60 worth of food and beverage and, surprise, still owed $18 at the end of the evening. Kind of pricey and not worth it. Extra innings. I'm a Mets fan but you gotta hand it to this young and talented DBacks team. D Wright is the most overrated player in the big leagues today. The Fridays Front Row seats should swivel, but don't, and since they are reserved, ticket holders  should not have to chase people from those seats when they arrive. Remember. Its Fridays. You know that before you purchase. If you go on fireworks night, move your fanny to an infield lower level seat. Otherwise the view is almost completely obscured. Remember. Its Arizona. The most convenient stadium exits will be  blocked by guards until, if ever,  they are told to open them.
4	The Good:1. Great location!2. Awesome atmosphere during events.3. Beer is cheaper here than in the concourse. 4. Great place to take out of town friends and family to.The Bad:1. Typical TGI Fridays food.2. Its a bit pricey compared to a regular Fridays.3. Limited menu on event days.
5	Awesome atmosphere for D-backs game. A must do once a year.
1	Epic Failure!Went for lunch with a coworker. Sat for nearly 10 minutes without a waiter/waitress coming to our table. We watched people who arrived after us get their drink orders taken and delivered during that same time period. The only time when we thought our waiter discovered us is when we got up to leave for a different restaurant. Someone was chasing after us as we walked to the elevator.The hostess was equally clueless. She apparently didn't recognize us as the people she brought to a table only moments ago and asked if we enjoyed our lunch.The place was only a third full at most. No reason for the extremely poor service.Can't wait until Sliders opens for the season!This TGI Fridays is an epic failure!
4	Went for St' Pattys. Good service. Waiter kinda loopy but still tried. I just like the atmosphere. Could have been cleaner. Over all good experience and cheap.
4	We went to dinner on a Tuesday night and were pleasantly surprised that the restaurant was inside Chase Field.  The restaurant was clean and large.  This was the first time I seen a restaurant literally in the field.  We had burgers and the ingredients were good and fresh.  I would recommend for someone visiting from out of town.
4	this is a great place to get your start your pre-game primer action !!  great view of the field and fair prices on drinks as apposed to the stick up bandits inside chase field juicing you for $11.00 hard earned dollars for a 24 OZ. beer.  love this place!!
4	This really is a great place to pregame. Especially because if you get stuck in a deep conversation or waiting for food, you wont miss the game! There really isnt a bad vantage point if youre in the bar area. They have a good selection of beer on tap and are super willing to put on whatever other game you may be interested in.
4	This is a great place to bring friends and family who are visiting from out of town. The food is just your basic TGIF and not really worth writing about. Most of the time I'll just grab a tall beer (usually Kiltlifter) and walk out and sit in the outfield to check out the stadium and talk with friends. I've always had good service and the place is nice and clean. I still haven't seen a game from the restaurant... gonna have to add that to the bucket list.
4	My husband's parents took us here for his birthday and we all had a great time. We sat on the patio which is a must. You get a great view of the field and much better--and cheaper--food than you'd get in the ballpark. The cheaper drinks are reason enough to visit this place. I had the Jack Daniels ribs and they were great. Everyone enjoyed their food which came out quickly despite a large crowd on the patio. The drinks were the best part. it's nice to be able to watch a baseball game with a pint of Guinness or a mojito instead of semi-cold overpriced beer. The best part of going on your birthday is that they skip the annoying song on the patio but still bring you a free dish of ice cream.
4	Alright I don't know if it's because i'm a huge baseball fan or what but I absolutely loved this place. If you're going to eat here make sure you sit outside, if not be near a window where you can see the baseball field. If you can go when a Arizona Diamondbacks game is going on I would highly recommend it, and even if there isn't a game going on just sitting over left field and being in the ball park makes it all worth while.The food was delicious. The fries were well seasoned and the triple decker reuben I ordered really hit the spot. The appetizer we had was a "loaded nachos" type deal with thick crispy potato chips instead of the traditional tortilla chips. Very good for an appetizer..especially during happy hour!I would suggest this restaurant to anyone who is a baseball fan..however if you're really just in it for the food it's just another TGIF's (not that that's a bad thing!)
4	Now THIS is the way to see a baseball game.  You are sectioned high above the actual field, so you get a decent view of everything going on, your own waitress, food/drinks and REAL PLATES.  LOL.  Seriously though, for a special event or if you wanna have a decent TGIF meal while watching a game, it's a good time.The prices are WAY inflated, as to be expected but again, totally a good time.
5	This place was awesome and if you are a baseball or diamondbacks fan, and you like fridays, you will be in heaven. I had the Chicken and Cheese plate, got more than enough food, and had excellent service. The view of the field is amazing, and I highly recommend eating here.
3	We decided to take our son here for dinner on his last night in town because the boy loves baseball. We were a little bummed that everything inside the stadium was dark so we could not really see the field. We were able to go out into the stadium itself on the restaurant patio which in itself was pretty cool.The food here was actually quite good. I had the Jack Daniels flat iron steak and it was awesome. My hubby had the JD Burger not complaints either. To drink I had the BFM (Best Friday's Margarita) which was $10..total waste. Not only did it have a strange taste, but very weak. Next time I will just stick with an ice cold beer.Overall we had a nice time and while the drinks were a little spendy I think the food prices were about average.
5	I have been here twice in three months and I live in Flagstaff. Always a great experience, great food, great service!
4	A chain but a most unusual one, at least in this particular location. That's because this one is located right in the stands of the baseball stadium! Seriously, you're right there and it would be a great place to watch the game. I suppose you could have your dishes shattered by a foul ball or something. But OH what a story to tell that would be!!!Came in for lunch with a couple of coworkers one day, and there was no game on. The TGIF menu is the standard, familiar one. I went with a relatively new dish called Korean Steak Tacos. They were good, pretty well seasoned. Not as good as you'd get at a Mexican restaurant, but hey! It's Friday's!Service here is impeccable and the view great. It's still a chain, but if you're going to hit a Fridays, this is the one. It almost feels like it's NOT a chain.
4	Super cool location.  Food was good, not great.  Service was very good
5	I found the service, food, and environment very fun and enjoyable.  What a neat view to watch the maintenance people get the ballfield ready for tonight's D-Back game.  A fun Friday lunch with the girls.
1	Worst customer service ever! We entered Fridays one hour before the D-Backs game. We went into the bar and found two open bar tables. Before sitting down we asked a waiter if the table was available. He said yes, and we sat down. No one came to take our order for 10 minutes so we went to the bar and ordered drinks. A waiter came by after we received our drinks and gave us menus. Another waiter came by with more menus. After we had been at the table for 20 minutes, a hostess came over to say the table was reserved for the wait list and we had to move - the other table that was open when we came in was still open and there were at least eight tables open in the dining area. We told the hostess that a waiter told us we could sit there and she said it didn't matter. We asked for the manager. He reiterated that we had been told by a waiter that we could sit there, he didn't care. We asked if we could finish our drinks, since the other bar table was still vacant. He said no. We had to finish our drinks standing to the side of the bar (since you can't take them into the stadium). The table we were evicted from was never cleared or seated and when we left there was no wait list for seating.
3	Really cool place. The food was alright. My friend had the Jack Daniel's ribs and I had the Jack Daniel's burger and a salad. Typical "Friday's" type food, nothing special but not bad. The view is awesome, though. We went and had no idea that it was IN the stadium itself with a view of the field. We went after the game was over and there was plenty of seating. I'd probably come here again or on a game day, though it's a little more because you pay for the table (50% of it goes towards your food costs though!)
5	Great food. great view of the ball park. cant wait to go back there
4	I actually really dig this place. We've gone back a few times since I checked in and it always surprises me. The view is amazing, even when there isn't a game and I'd highly recommend coming here if you're trying to impress the person you're with visually or especially for those out of town folks who want to see what Phoenix has to offer. The atmosphere is highly satisfying and the TGIFridays fare is exactly what you'd expect. I took a star off because the only thing lacking here is service. It's been hit or miss with a great waiter once and a terrible combination of waiters the second time; we had to ask 3 times to two different people just to get water, and we were seriously parched. However they DID discount our appetizer even though we ordered it after 7pm (by about 5 minutes but still) and that helped. If you're new to town or just have never been, this is a place you have to go at LEAST once.
1	I am from out of town and have never been to a restaurant at a ball game, so I was excited to go to Front Row to watch the DBacks game. The website gave very conflicting messages about when you could purchase the seats in Front Row for the game, so I gave the restaurant a call over a week in advance. They said I could only purchase tables the day of. I called the night before the game, hoping that maybe they would make an exception because I really wanted these tickets. I then found out that the tickets have been available all season! I asked to speak to the manager, who was the rudest human being I have ever spoke to in my life! After about an hour on the phone with him, tears, and being called a liar, I decided to hang up and just call customer service. I understand that the table I wanted had already been reserved, I just wanted the manager (Lyle) to try to help fix the issue. He said there was nothing he could do, and that "EVERYONE knows you can buy the tickets all year round"... what a piece of crock. I cannot believe I was talked to in the way that he spoke to me, and I am so thoroughly upset and aggravated at him. I just read some previous reviews about him on this site, and it's so funny that everyone agrees with me. If you don't have any issue when you go there, then you'll be fine. But if you have even the slightest complaint that has to go through Lyle.... don't expect to leave happy.
5	This is just a standard TGI fridays rebranded for the baseball park.  That being said, we no longer have TGI fridays in Hawaii, so the food was a new experience for me.  I went on a Monday at noon, so as expected, there was not many people.  We were able to sit by the windows that overlook the park, which was breathtaking to me.  (Dont have a professional baseball stadium in Hawaii either) So, in terms of the food, my Auntie and Grandparents got the endless lunch.  Around $7-8 I think.  It came with Unlimited Breadsticks, soup and salad.  Only bad thing is that the French Onion is a one-order soup, and not unlimited without a small charge.  Thats bad because I absolutely LOVE french onion soup.  But my Grandparents and Auntie loved their food.  I had the Korean Beef tacos.  Love it.  Good flavor, and rather large portion.  (TIP from my Auntie, ask for potsticker sauce on the side and pour it on the rice and/or tacos) The customer service was great, our waitress was super friendly and conversational.  Since it was pretty much empty, we walked outside to look at the stadium from the balcony they have.  While we did that, another employee got confused and cleared away our drinks and utensils.  Our waitress noticed before we came back and replaced it all.  She also took our picture outside for us.  Shame I dont remember her name to give her recognition on here. Overall, Food- 9/10Price: 7.5/10Location- 10/10Customer Service: 20/10The food and everything else was great, but it was the waitresses customer service that absolutely put it over the top.
4	Seated at the balcony in a reserved table during a game. Food and service were great, and the best part is that you get a credit of 50% of what you paid for the tickets towards food and drink.Only downside is your way out in left field, no view of the jumbo TV, no feel of the energy of the crowd, so you feel a little left out of the ballpark experience. When the game is over, you cannot reenter the stadium, your forced to exit on Jefferson St. So if you parked at the garage that has the skybridge into the stadium, you cannot exit the stadium the same way you entered. So hit the shops before the end of the game, and think about parking closer to Fridays if your planning on staying after the game ends. Otherwise great time, good value if you go hungry.
1	Horrible experience.  We took into consideration this is a venue that at pre-game becomes overwhelmed with an influx of customers in a short period of time.  However that does not excuse the staff for putting a table of 2 on a waiting list only to forget about them for 45 minutes while tables are cleared and other guests are seated.  When we went back to check the status, the response was "oops, sorry your information was not transferred from the iPad" (apparently there was some type of technology glitch).  The response was then that we would be next, so let the wait begin some more.  When our pager did activate, we were given an option to have a view (which would require an additional wait) or be seated immediately.  We stated we would like a view but as we had now been waiting for nearly an hour didn't want to have another unreasonable wait for the view.  Apparently that response translated into "seat these 2 in the darkest corner of the restaurant with absolutely no chance of even a glimpse of the field".   After we were seated and realized that we could now be sitting inside any other TGIFridays (surrounded by solid red walls) the other guest in my party then returned to the hostess stand to inquire if maybe a better table with a view was coming available as we were celebrating a birthday (we did not use this line to play on sympathies, it was a birthday occasion - not that it mattered because there were no sympathies).  The hostess then said she would come find us and knew where we were currently seated, only to never be seen or heard from again.  The unapologetic attitude, the unwillingness to make reparations for an obvious oversight and error on the staff's part, and the poor food quality have me hoping this place closes their doors as so many other TGIFridays across the Valley already have and will hopefully be reopened by a restaurateur that knows customer service, food quality, and overall restaurant management (my vote - Four Peaks!).  As far as the food is concerned, it is what you would expect from a mass produced, crowd fulfillment perspective.  I sympathize with the cooks that are trying to appease the masses, but during our extended wait period we had the opportunity to watch customer after customer complain about the food quality and send items back (in particular there seemed to be an overall dislike for the burgers, which appeared to be frozen meat slabs with no originality to the toppings that would have at least helped to mask the gray color and rubbery texture - yuck)
4	It's not about the food or drinks here, it's strictly about the atmosphere. You can stop in for dinner and drinks and watch the Diamondbacks play while you dine! Located inside Chase Field, Friday's Front Row literally provides a front row seat to the action with floor to ceiling windows overlooking center field. During a ballgame, there are several options for interested patrons. You can buy a general admission ticket for Friday's Front Row and sit at the bar during the game. You can also access the restaurant with your regular Dbacks game ticket and either sit at the bar or at one of the available tables set aside for walk-ins, all with views of the field. If you want a window seat, you can call ahead and reserve a table for I believe around $50 a person but either all or some of that money can be used towards food and drinks, making it worth it in my book. The atmosphere is lively and festive. It's a perfect atmosphere to enjoy a game in and it's family friendly. However, adults can enjoy plenty of cocktails. Keep in mind, it is a TGI Friday's so expect Friday's style food and drinks but it's Friday's with a cool twist thanks to the backdrop of a Diamonback's game!
4	The draw here is to sit as close as possible to the field. The downside, they have a time limit at those tables.  Kind of a bummer if you're trying to watch the game.  What's nice is that you can walk in from the street, grab a beer and watch a few innings.  Great way to mix it up if you went to the game.  I love that you can walk down, get something to eat a normal table (versus eating at your seat) then walk back to your seat. and not miss a single pitch. Now I'm not a big fan of "bar food" and would normally have given this place a 3 star review but I will have to give it 4 because of the service.  I accidentally spilled a fresh beer and they brought me another one at no charge.  Thanks Friday's!!
4	This place is probably like any other Friday's you've visited. BUT (and this is a huge but) you have a great view of Chase Field. The crowds are big before a Dbacks game, but you can try skipping the cue and find a spot in the bar. I always have a couple of beers before a game and really enjoy the experience, specially if you want to see your favorite players during the pre-game batting practice. There is an annoying time limit on the tables with field-view, but it's probably for the best.
4	I love watching the game at Friday's Front Row. I always wait in line at the hostess station  to get seating right up on the railing. It's a good way to mix up your experience when watching a game at Chase Field. I usually start out the evening at Friday's before I go to my seats.I much rather have a nice place to sit and eat instead of balancing crap on my lap in the seats. I usually grab a burger and a couple of Coronas. The burgers are just okay but the Coronas seem to hit the spot. I never have any issues with the service. And as other Yelpers have mentioned, you come to Friday's to enjoy the atmosphere, the food and drinks are secondary.
3	We came here on a Saturday evening and honestly I was a little underwhelmed. The view was great and I think that's the only thing really saving this place. Our waitress was sweet but service was still lacking. The woman at the table next to us had to stop a busboy just to get water for her and her daughter. The food was just okay, which I expected from Fridays. Overall, this is probably a good choice if you are seeing a baseball game but I wouldn't come here otherwise.
2	Horrible experience. Go in for happy hour with my dad at 4:45 and sit at the bar. No one else is there, not their fault but still weird. All the bottles of alcohol are still covered with paper cups, the beer taps are still wrapped and plugged, and the 10 staff are all hovered in the corner. No reason the place is empty!!!!!!! Got our nachos wrong but surprisingly the burger was amazing.Only reason this gets 2 stars is it's connected to the baseball stadium.P.s: prepare to pay for parking too! We risked the ticket and got lucky on the meters after it expired
3	Nice view.... Nobody here.... And service is not that great. Have to wait for drinks.  Food service slow as well. VERY average.
1	This review is for the service (or complete lack of, I should say), not the food because we never got that far. We are visiting for Spring Training and thought this would be a fun place to take the kids. What a joke. The place was not busy at all. Empty tables everywhere. Still we are told it is going to be a 20 min wait. When I question the hostess about this, she tells me it might not be that long but they need to get some tables cleared off. There were other people around looking equally as irritated as we were. We enjoyed checking out the field, took some cool pictures and finally asked the manager 25 min later when we might be seated. His response was that he would seat us as soon as he could, but he didn't want to seat us and not have us get served. We experienced the only positive thing this place has going for it (location, picture opportunities) and got the hell out of there. Completely lame.
2	Awesome view. Good food. But horrible service. The restaurant had no more than 7 tables sat. There was a ton of employees working and service was still slow.
4	Have been here a few times to eat and also for other reasons. I like the food and have never had a bad meal or terrible service. Have always had a really good experience here.  The only thing I haven't done yet is eaten out on the patio overlooking into Chase Field. That is on the list still yet to do.
1	If you're eating here because you've never been to Chase Stadium, walk in, see the stadium, take your picture and get the hell out.  I just saved you about two hours of frustration. You are welcome.  Or you can dine here, like my wife and I regrettably did.  We walked in, and requested to sit by the window... They told us it would be five minutes so we told them no problem at all.  We sat at the bar for 10 minutes, and though the bartender did wave at us, he never took our order.  Then the manager finally came and sat us at a regular table.  I told him we had been waiting for the table with a view, and it was almost as if I had asked him for his social security number.  He fumbled his words, and hesitantly spit out the words "I have a waiting list"... There were three empty tables and the restaurant was not full AND THEY DONT TAKE RESERVATIONS! So...WTF???  So we waited a bit longer and finally the nervous un assertive manager found us a table.  Cool...now we have been seated and decided to leave that little first impression behind us.  that's when we met our waitress.  Literally had to tell her every aspect of her job, step by step.  It was like we were training her on her first day of a waitress.  I literally would have gotten my food faster if I was waiting in line for a dodger dog on opening day....and only one hotdog stand was open.
1	If I could give this restaurant any fewer stars, I would sell a vital internal organ or a child of my loins to do so. The service could best be described as, "I would rather be dead." We walked in, and the restaurant was completely empty. I've been to livelier funerals. The hostesses, or at least the women we assumed to be hostesses, informed us with no small amount of attitude that it would somehow, impossibly, be a 15-minute wait. This suggested to us that neither woman was a hostess, and that both were, in fact, ringwraiths or at least production assistants on some asinine reality prank show. (Did not meet Ashton; kind of pissed.) We sat at the bar and emptied our bank accounts to purchase watered down alcohol from a third ringwraith. He was charming, for an agent of doom. He offered to seat us on the patio, and after some convincing we reluctantly agreed -- after all, we were fairly eager to spend the rest of our young lives waiting for a table to open up at this completely empty appetizer parlor. We sat on the patio, admiring the empty ballpark of the 11th best team in the NL, for 45 more minutes, until a fourth ringwraith (sans Nazgul) appeared. We ordered, and 45 minutes later our meals arrived. We asked for napkins and silverware. Sauron's Butler brought back three cocktail napkins and zero sets of silverware. I left a 0.00 dollar tip and still feel that I was generous. If you are hungry in downtown Phoenix in the vicinity of Chase Field, I would recommend you take a left and start walking North and keep walking until you freeze to death in the Yukon Territory. The bathrooms were pretty clean.
1	HORRIBLE!. Sad to see one of my favorite regular lunch spots do a 180 and totally suck. Went a couple weeks ago shortly after 11:00 and the restaurant looked empty, yet a couple groups of six in front of us and our group of four were told it would be a 20 minute wait because they weren't staffed yet. WTF? We all left and took a short walk to Coach's Corner (my new favorite). Thought I'd give Friday's a another try today at lunch, don't want to burn myself out on coach's corner. Not real busy inside. Waiter tried to sit us at a table that was in the sun. My buddy and I balked. We asked for a table where we wouldn't totally bake, like more in the shady bar area. He told us that he couldn't guarantee that we'd get good service there. Again, we were like WTF? He said the bartender wasn't in yet, or the 2nd bartender wasn't in. His attitude was fairly arrogant. It almost appears like they've totally given up on the lunch crowd. I hope this review spares somebody the frustration that I've dealt with the last couple times I tried to eat there. I just tried to contact someone via their website but doesn't look like they want to hear about it. You CAN contact them about reserving tables for an event. Like I'd really want to do that now. Way too many places downtown now where your patronage will be appreciated.
4	If you are a baseball fan and you are visiting Pheonix, this is a must.  Enjoy good food and watch baseball.  Great atmosphere, and most importantly good service.
1	My friend and I decided to try out TGI Fridays for a beer during the baseball game to get a bigger bang for our buck. For what we would pay for a small hot dog and 20 oz beer, we could get a great meal, larger beers, and great service, right?! Wrong. The restaurant was not very crowded for a game night, yet we were denied a table overlooking the stadium. Twice. The manager asked us to visit the hostess stand to get a table, but they informed us there was a wait. NO ONE WAS IN LINE FOR THE RESTAURANT! I had to get our own menus from the bar, after playing "let's avoid making eye contact, and maybe she will go away." After we ordered, three sets of people were sat in the tables we were waiting for, and their meals came out before our order! Our waiter ended up offering us a free beer for the late arrival of our food, and ended up comping our entire check, but that will be my last visit "Front Row." I'd rather pay $10 for a beer and $8 for a processed hot dog than to get snobbed by anyone in the service industry. All I wanted was a good time after a work day from hell, and to enjoy a Diamondbacks game ...
3	I have been here twice and caught the game both times.  We sat out on the balcony.  The beauty of it is that 50% of the ticket price comes back in food credit.  The catch is you have to purchase the table.  We bought 4 tickets for $300 total and got $150 in food.  Let me tell you that is quite a bit of food.  The game day menu is not the full menu but you can still get burgers, steak, ribs, and chicken.  The food prices are comparable to any other TGIF but the cocktails are pretty over priced.  $10 for a 16 oz plastic glass of something.  My wife had a frozen margarita and it tasted funny.  My steak was decent.  I wanted medium rare and it was cooked more than that.  The service was really slow.  I get the fact that the servers are moving up and down stairs trying to get everyone their stuff.  It was quite a bit of time between refills and the food did not all come out at once.  Actually we had to remind whomever it was that brought out the food several times of things that were missing.  Our actually waitress did not bring us much of our requests.  It was my wife's birthday and this was what she wanted to do.   Personally I prefer to sit out in the crowd in the bleachers and whoop and holler.  The one really cool thing about it all was that we paid $300 for 4 tickets but after looking at the website again it clearly stated that the table was $260 for the 4 tickets.  After a couple of e-mails back and forth to the manager they offered $40 food credit or offered to credit the $40 back to my card.  They said it would have to be on the night of the event because the computer wouldn't allow them to do it.  The manager walked up to me and gave me $40 cash to make up for the difference.  That was really cool.  Overall if it is something you have never done then it is worth checking out.  The be served throughout the game is cool.  The service could stand to be quicker, more accurate, and better organized.  I would do it again but it is not the seats of personal choice.
3	Come for the atmosphere.  Try to enjoy the mediocre food.The "front row" concept is what makes this Friday's worth checking out at least once.  Take TGIFriday's.  Put it in a major league baseball stadium.  You have now created the one Friday's that I am willing to eat at.  The food menu is a smaller selection of the typical family-friendly chain bar fare that you'd expect from any Friday's location, but there still is the large selection of adult beverages that is the reason your parents put up with taking you out to Friday's when you were a kid.  The reason anyone would come to this location in downtown Phoenix is simple.  It's in the ballpark.You can eat at Friday's Front Row at anytime.  On game day, tickets are available to get a table on the patio and watch the D-backs play.  I believe a voucher for food is included in the price of the ticket.  Don't want to pay?  You can still eat and drink at the bar, where there is the benefit of paying normal prices for better food than what's served inside Chase Field, and you may still have some sort of view of the game.
4	4 stars because it's the standard regular priced menu even during the game! The best eating at the game (besides the bacon wrapped corn dog, but that's 25 bucks). The jack Daniels burger was great. The most food I was gonna get for 14 bucks at the game.
3	Worst service in downtown Phoenix.  It is like the wait staff does not even care. Go for the atmosphere and the food, deal with the staff best you can. Would imagine would be great during a ball game, I will still go back despite poor experiences. I wish they would step up their game.
5	I live across the street and visit often. Could not ask for a better atmosphere with a view of the inside of Chase Field! The customer service has always been great. Often times it get dinner to go and the bartenders are friendly and chat it up while I wait. Just the traditional Fridays menu but the location makes it worth going. Definite place to check out when you are downtown. Doesn't have to be a game day.
5	This is the best place to take out of town guests!  I love suggesting for them to grab their camera (or cell phone camera) and let's go to the ballpark.  It's a wild experience during a game, but I much much rather do it when there's no game on.  That way, we can sit (practically) anywhere we want and see the ball park.  My friends love it and love showing off their photos when they get home.  And as to the food, I have to, have to have the offerings that have their Jack Daniels Sauce.  OMG I love that stuff!  Wish I could have a tub of that sauce at home!  There's a few people out there that don't have any interest in baseball, so they would be there for the food.  But really, it's a great place to show how unique and amazing Phoenix is.   The service has always been good and so has the food.... did I mention the Jack Daniels Sauce?
1	This tgiFridays is horrible. The food was horrible.  The appetizer jack Daniels chicken was like little bricks.  Fries were cold. thumbs down. Don't go here on a game day. There's no happy hour which is why we went. Thumbs down. There's no all you can appetizers cause of the game. Left paying over 70.00 for sodas and 2 meals. Thumbs Down.
3	This was barely a 3 based on pretty good food, ok prices and 1 of our 2 waiters being ok. The other waiter a taller guy with scruff was awful. No smile, no warmth, didn't bring steak sauce upon request. He ruined the whole visit. We won't be back. Oh and we had to wait 10 minutes for a table when we got there and there was a dozen seats open and the very table we say in was ready upon arrival.
2	I believe this tgi Fridays is slightly worse quality food than the others as well as service.I went when there wasn't a game going on but comicon was so a bit of a crowd was warranted. We waited about 20 minutes to get in and once we were sat down the waiter left. He didn't ask whether or not we wanted drinks until 10 minutes later and brought it to us another 10 minutes later. I started timing everything when we got the water and boy did it take a while. He left the water at the table then walked away again even though we were ready to order. Another 8 minutes went by before he came back to take the order. By this time the room seemed nearly empty to me as there did not seem to be that many customers on that side. We waited a whopping 33 minutes until our food finally arrived and the guy didn't check on us in between or refill water even though we tried to get their attention.I was so hungry by the time the food came I devoured it almost instantaneously, but not fast enough to glaze over the fact that the chicken was too dry and the broccoli was overcooked. The meal was also around $17 not including tip so I did not find it worth it. It took more than an hour of waiting after being seated to get food and we were ignored most of the time. The waiter seemed apologetic afterwards but I don't think I will be back.
2	Unique location inside Chase Field where the local Arizona Diamondbacks call home. Set-up like a regular TGI Fridays with a modified seating format with many of the seats that overlook the field. I was there for an event on a non-baseball game night, and it was just kinda strange to be in a stadium, in the dark, with no game going on. But food was as would be expected and service was pleasant. Worth checking out once.
5	Seriously this place is soooo great! Awesome views of the game and very reasonable prices. I will always eat here when going to dback games! Friendly staff too!
2	I had the steak and lobster tail - had to send the steak back because it was not the temperature I requested. It was hold when it came back, too much sugar in the sauce too, I gad an empty most of the lunch so service was pretty bad too
1	If I could give TGI Friday's a negative star, I would. I have never written a negative review in my life, and it takes a lot to fire me up. I have NEVER experience worse customer service or rude behavior in my life. I was prepared to spend $8,000 on 1 event, as I did last year, and I can't even get a phone call back. In September 2013, I rented out the TGI Friday Front Row suite box at Chase Field for the January 2014 Super Cross for my company's marketing event. We had 50 people in attendance and spent over $8,000.00. Just a couple months later, I emailed Alan, my contact there, and let him know I wanted the box again for Super Cross. I had first right of refusal, seeing as I let them know I wanted the box, it does not appear that I refused this at any point in time. I was recently contacted by their marketing manager Tracy and I once again told her that I wanted the box. However, when I rented this out in January, I was promised 10 seats and they ended up selling 8 of them to other visitors. I was not upset, but I needed to make sure the same thing would not happen again this year. I made it very clear to them that I wanted to go speak with them about the seating chart prior to making anything official. I was out of town for work when I received an email letting me know that someone else was interested in the suite and that I had 3 DAYS to get to downtown Phoenix and get them a check. Naturally I did not get the email until I was back in town. This was more than 6 weeks earlier than I provided them a check last year, and still more than 5 months prior to the event. Even worse is that the reason I wanted to meet with them face to face was because they messed things up last year. Knowing that I had told 2 people that I was absolutely going to reserve the suite, it is so wrong to me that the general manager Lyle made the decision to release it to someone else. I have now been trying to get in touch with Lyle, Alan and Tracy for 2 weeks. Why won't they call me back? Simple....THEY KNOW THEY ARE IN THE WRONG AND DO NOT WANT TO FACE ME. I spoke with Alan on the night of 8/22/14 and gave him some strong words. He promised me that the general manger, Lyle, would contact me the morning of 8/23/14. Well, here we are on 8/25/14 and still no phone call. Lesson learned. These large companies truly do not care about hurting the smaller people because they will get business no matter what. These employees would not make it in the real world where they actually need to work to obtain business. To add salt to the wound, we already have this event on our business calendar and ordered the marketing material for SuperCross at TGI Friday's Front Row. More costs we will not be able to recoup because of their awful customer service.
2	Food is basic chain food-nothing special but the service is horrific!  Went to dinner during a ballgame and could not get basic service even though it was not crowded.  They could have twice the bill if the servers stopped by once in a while. I will never go again. Next time I will eat before the game or in the ballpark. Don't waste your money with this place. Very disappointing considering our bill was 75 each times 5 people. Very bad experience.
