4	Cupcake Heaven!!  Well... only because I haven't physically been to Yummy Cupcakes in LA - so a direct comparison is still pending.  So, a 5-star update may be in the future.Here at Mad Hatter you can actually custom build your own 4 layer cupcakes! ... ObserveFirst, you start off with the type of cake.  Choose from flavors such as classic chocolate, vanilla bean, red velvet and several others.Then you choose what type of oooey-gooey filling you want in it.   Chocolate Ganache, White chocolate Ganace, Banana creme, Orange creme, etc etc etc ,there are literally over a dozen choices.Next comes the topping ... More Chocolate?  More Vanilla? More White Chocolate? Cream Chees perhaps? Ahhhhhh the Choices !!What??? One more choice??!?. Pick a Topper!  A Bite Sized Butterfinger? Baby Ruth? Snickers? Kit Kat? Twix? Chocolate chip cookie?  A C-3PO HEAD??! yes, you can so choose that if you wish.Cupcakes are $3.25each and can also be bought in Half Dozens($19.50) and Dozens($36.00).Conveniently located just a stone's throw away from Cupcake Lane at the Target Plaza on Ft Apache/215, so we were able to make a direct comparison.At Mad Hatter, I went for the Red Velvet, with Orange Creme filling and White Chocolate creme toppingI Then went next door to Cupcake lane for their Red Velvet with cream cheese topping.....sadly, it was no contest.   Mad Hatter wins that comparison, hands-down.  Maybe it's not a fair comparison... after all, I custom made the cupcake at Mad Hatter. But, no worries.  There will be further direct comparisons in the future
3	As much as I appreciate the first reviewers comments and think this store has amazing potential (I mean who wants a grocery store or Costco cake when you have this option??), they need a little work.On the plus side, the store is beautifully designed, warm and very well laid out. All the fillings, frostings and designs plus plain cupcakes are in plain view of the customer to make it even more appetizing.Secondly, the staff was top notch. Great customer service - I saw them answer some of stupidest questions from inane suburban mothers trying to appease their spoiled children with a warm smile and an earnest response.The only reason this place got 3 stars is the actual cupcake building. We ordered:1) Peanut Butter Madness (?) cupcake with peanut butter creme and peanut butter frosting with a Nutter Butter Peanut butter cookie on top (just to make sure we a had sugar coma later). The cupcake was dry, the filling was decent and the frosting was spot on fantastic.2) Lemon Strawberry Madness: a lemon cupcake with strawberry filling and frosting. Now you'd think this would've been a fantastic treat, but the cupcake just fell apart on us (very dry) and had no flavor. We were disappointed.My last comment is aesthetic. The frosting design was middle-of-the-road. There was no "height" to the cupcake (everyone on display was sunken, it should go at least to the top of the wrapper). I know Las Vegas' suburbs are very non-challenging (anyone notice all the strip malls?????). But man, this was just too plain. I guess I'm spoiled by the cupcake wars of Chicago & NY. In all, there's a lot of of potential and I hope they do well. I just don't see spending $3.25/cupcake for 20 people yet. But I will once I see that they can step it up just a tad on the cupcake's taste.
4	i thought  i wrote a review on mad hatter a month ago...i meant to !!  another treat stop for the bank tellers ( trust me, they deserve it ! ) bought a 1/2 dozen - left it up to the cupcaker to pick the options - i simply asked her to write what each cupcake was inside the box - they obliged me - she asked me what the occassion was - told her the situation ...and after telling her all the cupcake places i've been to ( too many !! ) and that i was not going to get one of the cupcakes she was making....she made me a freebie - red velvet...i asked that she make it sans filling - i tell ya....that was one moist cupcake....i felt the cream cheese could've had a stronger cream cheese taste...but that's a personal preference ....i like this place - i don't understand why there's 2 cupcake places within...gee...200 yards of each other ...not sure they can both survive ....time will tell !
1	I was a very strong supporter of this establishment until Valentine's Day.  It seems that this establishment likes to change their prices according to the holiday.  Usually they charge $3.25 per cupcake and you can special order one any way you want it, (with filling, different frosting, etc.) but on Valentine's day you must pay $6 per cupcake and on top of that you get no special order, you get what they have pre-made.  I will not recommend this establishment and strongly discourage anyone from frequenting or visiting them.  The cupcakes are good, but the lack of ethics, professionalism, and honesty should be against the law!  Please join me in boycotting this establishment!!
3	I tried their red velvet cupcake with cream cheese flavored icing and white chocolate filling and a chocolate cupcake with vanilla icing and white chocolate filling.  The red velvet cake was very tasty and moist.  The inside filling was a nice treat.  The chocolate cake was also very moist and flavorful.  I was a little turned off by the frosting "technique" -hell, I can frost things that way (a squiggly line) but if I wanted to do that I could frost quite a few cupcakes for the $3.25 that I am paying for one.  Also, the decorations were sort of chintzy looking. The decorating area looked a bit cluttered (sort of a like a chuck e cheese prize window) but that is just me being anal...They did have samples which was a bonus.Side note - I had a mishap with one of the 'cakes - the lid popped off and the frosting got smooshed on the side of the bag.  At the next stoplight, the bag was completely grease coated!!  It was like magic!  it made me wonder how much butter/oil was in the gd thing!I would give them a try if you are in the neighborhood but don't make a special trip out there for them.
3	Got these cupcakes for the BFF for her Birthday while in Vegas. They're really cute and topped with lots of frosting, which I'm not a big fan of.  However, I like how they make them fresh and put the frosting on after you order it.Would eat them again if they were given to me free. Otherwise, I'm sticking to Sprinkles baby!
3	Coldstone for cupcakes.  Same price as Sprinkles too!  Yikes.  When did paying $3.25 for a cupcake sound like a good idea????I give it a 3.5.  We got the chocolate cupcake with white chocolate in and out and the lemon cupcake with strawberry filling.  Both were decent, freindly/helpful staff and the the West Elm atmosphere worked.
3	Had a Red Velvet cupcake from them at the San Genaro Feast. It was good but nothing special. It was a little warm for a cupcake. Maybe because it was outside all day. I will go in the shop one day and update my review.
4	This place is pretty good--and pretty pricey for cupcakes.  Neverthless, I still find myself wanting to grab some during my trips to Vegas.  I love their strawberry filling/icing.  It's DELISH!  I don't, however, care for their red velvet cupcakes.  And I have yet to find a place that serves up some good red velvet cake.
5	I love MadHatter. Hands down the most moist, not overly sweet, delicious cupcake I have yet to try.The worst thing about this place is the amount of choices you have to make just to get one cupcake! You choose the type of cake, frosting, filling, and even decoration. Chocolate cucake, chocolate ganche, cream cheese frosting is my favorite combination. Their Red Velvet is also delicious, although their Strawberry cupcake piqued my tastebuds too.Yes, the cupcakes are a bit pricey, but honestly, well worth it. Also worth the ~10 mile drive from the Strip,
2	Stop Two on the LV Cupcake Tour 2008... Mad Hatter Cupcakes!Mad Hatter has a cool idea, and as Phillip T. and Keith A. put it well, it's basically like a Coldstone Creamery for cupcakes. Pick your base, pick your filling, pick your frosting and even a little decoration for the top. Good... IDEA.For $3.25/cupcake, these cupcakes are incredibly overpriced. In fact, they were the most expensive and the least impressive cupcakes on our tour. We split the following cupcakes: Mad About Strawberry, Mocha Latte and Island Joy. They also had samples of Mad About Chocolate, which we obviously tried!One thing we noticed about all these cupcakes is how moist they are. Moist cupcakes=YUM, but the moistness of these cupcakes was very uncommon. I'd like to know how they make the cupcakes so moist... I hope it's a combination of baking technique and natural ingredients, and aren't pumping these babies with chemicals. Mad About Strawberry- Entirely strawberry, with strawberry flavored caupe, filling, and frosting. NOT good, and that takes a lot for me to say about a cupcake! The cake itself was unidentifiable and had no taste of strawberry... or vanilla, or anything for that matter. The frosting was so artificial tasting and sickeningly sweet that it was the only cupcake I didn't finish on the entire tour. I do NOT recommend getting this cupcake. Mad About Mocha- Coffee base with chocolate ganache filling and java bean frosting. This one was better, but still extremely artificial tasting. Island Joy- This was my favorite cupcake at Mad Hatter. It tasted just like an Almond Joy candy bar. Coconut base with chocolate ganache filling and coconut frosting. The frosting was great. I'd buy a round of coconut frosting shots for everyone! All in all, this place is way overpriced. If the quality of the product was combined with the customization, then MAYBE they'd be able to get away with $3. However, every cupcake on our tour was better than these, and less expensive. If you are in the area and want cupcakes, skip the Mad Hatter and go down the street to Cupcake Lane.
2	2nd stop on the cupcake crawl.  we decided to try the specialty cupcakeswe tried:strawberry - strawberry cake, filling and strawberry frosting - did not have a natural taste to it, very sweet.  not good.mocha -  coffee flavored cake, chocolate topping and coffee filling.  very moist, i'm not big on coffee flavored foods much better than the strawberry.almond joy -  coconut frosting , chocolate filling and i believe the cake was coconut - very moist, nice taste - getting better !we got a free mini-cupcake taster - not sure the name but it was chocolate cake, choc frosting and choc filling - this one was my fav - very moist and very, very chocolaty.i can't remember the price - either $3.25 or $3.50 each at this price i gotta knock this place down to 2-stars.NEXT !
3	Didn't I just walk out of the cupcake place and buy a whole 26 dollars worth of Cupcakes. That's actually 6 with a special decor. My Uncle was in the hopsickle up the street and we both have to have sweets. So I came on a mission. The place is kinda weird to get to. Its a matter of driving around and looking for it in the plaza. When I walked in it was one guy working...but only one customer. I decided on a 6 pack halloween style with lil ducks that were in costumes as my accessory. You get to pick different flavor cupcakes, different flavor fillings, then toppings, then accessories. I don't mind it but if there were more people there I'd be hella annoyed. But here I am...UHHHMMMMMMMM Let me get red velvet withhhh.......Uhmmmm Hmmm Vanil....no wait uhm...butter cream.......uh no I dunno....OK when people have choices it makes it harder. Believe me from tending bar it SUCKS. So of course what do you do? Just agree with everything. I finally finished after 15-20 minutes of deciding. SUCKED ASS. Ok so there goes my precious time :) The cupcakes themselves weren't bad. Nice Moisture and the fillings were great. But I'm not down with the price....So obviously I'm knocking it because time's are tough. Not really into it being so expensive :(
5	These cupcakes are great!! My husband and I go every other week, I have to admit they are pricey, but they are so delicious. A variety of filling and frosting to choose from and they are very moist...been to cupcake lane bakery and they weren't as good, they were very dry, like if they were bought from the grocery store. The price was a bit cheaper, but I didn't like the taste of their cupcakes.
3	2nd stop on my questI really liked the Alice in Wonderland theme and the Giant special cupcakes equal to 12 cupcakes for $30.I selected the Mad About Strawberry & the Mad About Peanut Butter. They were out of Red Velvet. $3 eachThey fill & ice them right in front of your eyes which is not something I think everyone really wants to see, BUT the cake was real nice & moist & the filling & icing was well done too.A much better cupcake than the last one but I must continue my hunt........
4	This place is super awesome. Any place with Alice photos hanging up is like heaven on Earth. The cupcakes are pretty good, but a little steep (most cupcake places charge a lot anyway). You get to pick your base, filling, frosting and topping. I was a little sad when I went to get my friend a cupcake and they didn't have a cheerleader topper (she was on a cheer squad for about a month). They also don't have Alice toppers. I emailed them about it, but they never responded, so I'm a little peeved.Definitely really fun and hasn't ever been that crowded when I was there. Definitely give it a try!
4	I'm not big into fads or anything so I never got into the whole cupcake thing. I hear there are some good places around town and never had the time or urge to walk into one. Who on earth wants to pay roughly $3 for a cupcake? Seriously? I want to shake the hand of the person who decided to market these things for such a high price!So I get an invite to a small dinner party with some chicks. They told me that they are cooking everything and all I need to do is show up. Of course I'm at work and the dinner is right after!  I cant show up empty handed. Nope... Just cant! What would impress a group of chicks? Fancy cupcakes! Might as well I figured. I did some last minute Yelping at work to find a cupcake place still open when I get off of work at 8. The only one I found was Mad Hatter. It was a little out of my way but I guess it would be worth it. I get off promptly at 8pm, at start driving up to Mad Hatter. I call ahead just to make sure they will have cupcakes when I arrive around 8:40. The nice lady on the phone was super helpful. Here's a sample of our conversation:Me: I'm on my way to your shop right now and I want to know if there will  be cupcakes left when I get there.Girl: Let me know what you want and I can tell you if we still have them.Me: Honestly, this is my first time going to a cupcake store so I have no idea what there is.She begins to tell me the different flavors they have left. Chocolate, Vanilla, Carrot, Red Velvet, Peanut Butter, Lemon.Me: Perfect. I'll take one of each. A perfect half dozen for the three girls and myself.Girl: Now did you want frosting as well as filling?Me: Uhh....... I didnt know this was going to be so complicated!So we go through each cupcake one by one and she asks what kind of frosting and filling I wanted with them. My default answer for each of them was "I'll take whatever everyone normally takes." For the chocolate, people usually get the chocolate frosting and filling. Vanilla gets the vanilla frosting and filling. Lemon gets the same lemon filling and frosting. Same as the peanut butter one. The only ones that she didnt recommend a filling for was the Red Velvet and the Carrot. Just a simple cream cheese frosting for those. Perfect! I told her I'd be there around 8:45. No problem she replied. Now Mad Hatter is in a large shopping plaza and it took me a little bit to get there. Once there my package was sitting there patiently waiting to get picked up. One thing I forgot to ask was how much it was going to be. I guess I really didn't care because they were for three girls! I hoped it wouldn't be more than $20 because that would be silly paying that much for cupcakes! The price came out to around $16 and change. I guess that was fine. I really hoped they would be good!After the yummy dinner, we cracked open the cupcakes. Of course, it was a winner! We each had a bit of each one just to taste it. I definitely liked the Red Velvet a lot! The one I cared least for the was peanut butter.All in all I would say these cupcakes were delicious! Would I get these again? Possibly. Maybe if I had time I would actually bake them instead of paying $3 each. Who am I kidding. The cooking time plus the clean up time would be waaaaay more than I would want to deal with! Ask me again... Ask me again! Would I get these again? Sure I would! Girls love cupcakes! Would I bring these over for the guys UFC event? Haha. I better stop while I'm ahead.
4	I thought the Red Velvet cupcake (no filling) with the cream cheese frosting was awesome!!! I was really impressed with the variety of frostings and fillings-Delicious!!
3	Finally a cupcake place that allows you to customize every single cupcake you order, filling, frosting and cake flavor.Very impressed with the red velvet and the strawberry.I would like to say I am on they way to becoming a cupcake professional. *AWESOME THAT THIS PLACE IS OPEN LATE!*Friendly workers that are happy to explain the cupcake flavors and make recommendations. *Cute Alice in Wonderland paintings and decor!
4	Excellent cupcakes that are on par with the Cupcakery by my house as some of the best little desserts in town.  Definitely planning a trip back soon
1	We stopped by here for a dessert after Fuddruckers and they were offering ice cream cupcakes. I thought it was going to be some elaborate way of creating a ice cream cupcake but they opened up a tupperware that had little ice cream scoops and just plopped it on a open cupcake top and filled it with cream on top to cover the ice cream. Umm, ok. What a cheap way to make a so-called "ice cream cupcake'.
4	I've had better (read: Sprinkles in Beverly Hills). The cupcakes themselves are okay, but their size and price makes them a complete rip-off at around $3.50 each. A half dozen is $27+I always get the red velvet with cream cheese frosting, but haven't tried the other varieties although I'm sure they're just as good. The cupackes are very moist and I don't mind often returning as long as the economy is good to me.
3	The cakes were very moist and flavorful. They have a lot of fillings that you can try. The frosting is a bit too sweet for me. Do not get me wrong it is a good product it is just on the expensive side. Oh yeah...they do not serve coffee :(
4	I've been here several times now.  Cupcakes are really good. The Alice in Wonderland atmosphere is awesome. The staff is very friendly, have yet to have a bad experience. I wish their credit card receipts had a spot to add in a tip!
5	I made 3 seperate trips to this place this weekend. The very first time I had been there was this past Saturday and OMG these are the best cupcakes I have ever had in my intire life! No joke, so good I went back 2 more times this weekend just to get more. I bought a whole dozen to bring to work for my employees and they all loved these cupcakes. I bought just about every flavor they offer and I have had the Mad about coconut, Mad about lemon, & Mad about chocolate myself and each one was better than the last. I have to say my absolute favorite was the Mad about chocolate! And the price? Who cares about the price these babies are worth every penny and then some!  So all you people complaining about the price you need to hush! If you can't afford them then don't eat them plain and simple! I love Mad Hatter Cupcakes!!!!! They are Devine!
4	These looked yummy to our kids and also tasted fantastic to the kids and us grown ups!  Loved that they are frosted to order, the kids loved picking out flavors and decorations. Our hostess was pleasant and made the experience memorable for the kids.  Get cookie monster, genius!
4	Finally a cupcake place that lets you customize to your own taste.Coming from LA (I swear home of too MANY Cupcake places), this place ranks at the top.  Like said below by the other Yelpers, it wasnt overly sweet which is perfect. They lasted in room temperature and even on the second day the cupcakes were still moistMy friends and I decided to be greedy (cause were on vacation), to get 4 cupcakes for each of us. I went with two custom and two favorite flavor cupcakes.CustomizedVanilla Cupcake / Strawberry filling / Vanilla Frosting - One bite oh my.. second bite.. ah i have found Nirvana :)Vanilla Cupcake/ Banana filling / Vanilla Frosting -  Tasty :) !! The Banana frosting reminded me of a banana creme pie filling.Signature CupcakesMocha Lattecoffee cupcake \ chocolate ganache filling \ java bean frosting - Yum Yum especially with a cup of milk.  The 4th cupcake got left behind cause 2 cupcakes in the am is too much for me and we were headed to a buffet.The Red Velvet Classic and the pumpkin got high praise from my friends..Certainly, if I'm ever in Vegas it will be one of my many food destinations.  As for price, its not like I eat this everyday so I'm willing to cough up a few dollars for a little piece of heaven :)
4	"Why is a raven like a writing desk?" Even the Mad Hatter didn't know the answer to that. There are lots of reasons to stop by this cupcakery if you're in the Vegas area, even more if you love Lewis Carrol's Alice In Wonderland. The decor inside is a kitschy homage to the Mad Hatter's origins and really adorable. The paintings on the wall are really fantastic and I wish I knew who painted them. If you know, please drop this yelper a line because I'd love to get a painting for myself.  On to the cupcakes...Now I'm pretty picky with cupcakes. I like them to be a perfect blend of cupcake size, flavor, frosting variety, and moistness. Mad Hatter gets pretty close and even takes it up a notch by having fillings as well.There were three of us that wondered into this little cupcake shop, and it took us about 15 minutes to decided we would split a dozen. There are some signature cupcakes that they have which are aptly named (wascally wabbit, mad about banana, silk n' velvet, etc).I ended up choosing the wascally wabbit (i can't resist carrot cake), silk n' velvet (red velvet cake should come with a warning sign), and 2 custom made cupcakes. My first custom one was a banana cupcake with vanilla filling and banana rum frosting. It was a total mouthgasm! My second custom cupcake was the pumpkin cupcake with vanilla filling and cream cheese frosting. The pumpkin cupcake was had a fantastic spice flavor to it that wasn't overwhelming or too artificial. The size of the cupcake was pretty standard. Nothing like the steroid ones offered at Sprinkles. The frosting is fairly sweat without being so obnoxious you feel like you're getting a cavity. Our cupcakes lasted two days in room temp without losing any of its moistness at all (not easy when you have the heat on in a hotel room). You also get the option to decorate the cupcake with assorted sprinkles and baubles. I chose both a hello kitty and cinderella ring.The prices are pretty standard for a cupcake place. If you go with a couple of people you save a bit if you split a dozen or half a dozen.P.S. The answer that Lewis Carroll came up with was "because Edgar Allen Poe wrote on both" :)
5	I love these cupcakes.  I heard about this place from friends.  They visited there a week before I did.  You can customize your cupcake to your taste buds.  You can pick your cake, filling , frosting, and decoration.  In Vegas, leave the strip and venture out.
2	OK so round 2 for cupcakes as a gift...THEY DO NOT COME IN THE BOXES PICTURED!!!!I tried this place after Cupcake Lane (which is next door) was not as impressive as i wanted. so i got the recommendation for mad hatter i figured why not try it. so today i did.the concept is there...pick your flavor / filling / decoration. how ever they are lacking the skill. the icing looks like i let a kid do it. the cupcakes like most are small & not worth the crazy prices they charge. the presentation again killed me...plastic clam shell you find at the grocery store.Can any place get it? i know i know - the Cupcakery in Henderson uses nice boxes...but they are RUDE!the flavor of the cakes was decent but the presentation to give to a 30yr old woman was not as elegant as one would like.so i give up! i can bake and am very good at it. this lets make its easy & quick idea of buying from a bakery - bad idea. i can make it & present it better for less with much much more flavor!!
4	best strawberry cupcake anywhere!!!but, they use too much oil in their recipe. it shows alot.but the strawberry cupcake is still too die for!!!!!!!!
2	The concept of this bakery is great.  If only the cupcakes were too.. If you are looking for a sweet treat for your kids, this will definitely cure theisr sweet tooth and make for a fun experience.
2	Bought 2 cupcakes here, the difference between this cupcake place and others is that you get to customize your own cupcake, 1. Pick your cupcake 2. Choose your filling and/ or frosting 3. Choose a topper.  I tried the classic red velvet and the frosting was really sweet, the cake itself wasn't great either, not bad, just not great.  A  little on the dry side. I do like the variety of the cakes and fillings they have though. * there was a sign that said " after 7 pm cupcakes are ( don't remember if it was 50% off or buy one get one") maybe I'll just have to try another type of cake/frosting there.
4	I ate at Fuddrucker's one day and wanted dessert, so I hopped next door for a cupcake.  I've never been here before, so the lady explained how it works.You choose a cupcake, choose filling if you want one, then frosting and you get 1 free decoration on top.  I went for 3 cupcakes:Strawberry with buttercream: Pretty good but I should've gotten strawberry frosting instead.  The cake was great!Vanilla with lemon zest frosting: excellent combo and again the cupcake itself is really good.Coconut with coconut frosting and toasted coconut flakes: yummy yummy yummy! Love the flavors.I tried their mini sample of vanilla with strawberry frosting and loved it.Overall, great cupcakes--nice and moist, great flavor and I love the fact that you can make it your way or order from their pre-made options.  Although expensive, it's a nice treat once in a blue moon.PS: They give A LOT of frosting, and I'm not one who loves a ton of frosting on my cupcake, so just be weary of the frosting load on your cupcakes.  Ask for light frosting of the cupcakes if you can.
2	Bah.  This place is geared towards children.  I felt weird sitting at this place.  Like I was expecting HBO cupcakes and I ended up with Disney channel cupcakes.The flavors were eh but the whole vibe just made me feel like I was too old to enjoy a cupcake.  :/
2	I was in the mood for cupcakes and found this place. I must admit that this place has a nice concept: build your own cupcake. You choose the cake, filling, frosting and topping. I opted for the LEMON  and RED VELVET cupcake with the cream cheese frosting. I felt that the filling might be too sweet.The red velvet was a bit dry around the edges and top. The inside was a bit more moist but not by that much. It didn't have the rich cocoa taste that I was craving.. The lemon was TOO lemony. I must say it was moist but the rich lemon taste overwhelmed me. PLUS the cream cheese frosting was TOO sweet.
2	I've been craving cupcakes for a few weeks, and it looks like I might have to keep looking after a stop yesterday at Mad Hatter Cupcakes. I ordered a red velvet cupcake with chocolate ganache filling and cream cheese frosting. My first bite I noticed something strange. The cupcake was moist but the top of it was so dry there was a crunch to it. So crunchy that when I told my boyfriend to listen to me chew he goes "Eew. Gross. What's the matter with your cupcake?"The chocolate ganache was not a ganache I've ever experienced-it was really more like chocolate pudding. The cream cheese frosting was sweet and had a nice concistancy but lacked that cream cheese-iness that I was looking for. Overall conclusion is I love the concept so can't hate these guys for trying. They have a huge selection, but maybe it's too much for them to handle. The quality of the ingredients needs to be improved, so most likely will save my 3 bucks and go somewhere else for now.
4	The customized cupcake I got here on 5/16/10 was sooooo yummy. I got:-vanilla cupcake-coconut creme filling -white chocolate frosting-purple butterfly ringIt was $3.23 for one cupcake, but you can get a dozen of them for a cheaper price. The place was empty on a Sunday afternoon and the waitress was nice. I would go here again for this special treat.
4	I love the cupcakes here! They are a tad bit sweet though especially when the put the frosting, that's why I always ask them to put a little. So far I have tried all of the cupcake flavors, hey what can I say I am a cupcake fan! My favorite one is the strawberry one, just thinking about it makes my mouth water. If you decide to check this place out make sure you ask them not to put too much frosting!
3	Even though I've got a huge sweet tooth I've never been a big fan of cupcakes. I don't know what it is, but when my inner fat kid comes calling I usually default to cookies, ice cream, pies or cakes. But, I decided to break from routine and try this place out. Others might like their concept of building your own cupcake, but I'm not a fan. I tend to be very indecisive when it comes to food, so having so many choices for the cupcake, the filling, and the frosting was overwhelming. I opted for the "Mad About Coconut" -- coconut cupcake, coconut creme filling, and coconut frosting. My wife got a chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting and our son got an Elmo-looking cupcake, which was a vanilla cupcake, vanilla frosting, and red sprinkles.All the cupcakes looked great but they didn't taste nearly as good. There was nothing particularly bad about any of them. They were all moist but maybe a little too sweet. I might consider going back, especially because there was a sign on their door that said after 7:30 at night it's buy one, get one free while supplies last. I think that's a great way to clear out their inventory for the day instead of just throwing out any left over cupcakes.So, while this might not be my first choice in cupcakes, I might be back when the fat kid in me wants to stuff his face with a 2-for-1 special.
4	I ordered cupcakes from Mad Hatter for my bridal shower. We did MANY flavor combinations of cupcake and frosting. So many, I can't list them. Ultimately my favorite was the strawberry cupcake with the white chocolate frosting. Yum. Or maybe it was the vanilla cupcake with strawberry frosting. Or both!It was moist, sweet and had plenty of frosting. I will definitely order again for any future parties!
5	Great cupcakes! You can choose the cupcake flavor, filling, and frosting,  plus a topping if you so wish and they make it on the spot. They also have some readymade cupcakes and 'mad about' combinations if you can't decide what to choose on your own.  I had the peanut butter fudge and it was delicious! My niece loved the Elmo cupcake and my sister had the Mad about Strawberry. All were yummy, but out of the three we decided that the peanut butter fudge was the best combination. A little pricey, but it is hard to find dessert for under $3 anywhere these days.
3	I stopped by Mad hatter as I had a radio shopping certificate. Two free cupcakes. I really do not want to say anything bad about two free cupcakes. However, they were just OK. I think I am not a fan of filling in the cupcakes, The frosting a little too sweet. The banana cake was very good and moist. Will try again with out filling. The server was very nice.
5	What bad things can you say about a cupcake place that gives you a filling AND a frosting choice?  Seriously... Mad hatter has it going on!With the popularity of places like sprinkles in LA, its surprising to think Mad Hatter hasn't staked a Strip-front claim, but nonetheless they bring a mean game to the cupcake racket.Tons of choices from peanut butter to raspberry to mint... I think you could get well over 100 combinations of awesome here...  Unless you hate things that are delicious, make a trip out west to check out Mad Hatter!
5	Years later, I am still in love with Mad Hatter and visit this place every time I am in Vegas. I have yet to find a better cupcake, and I love cupcakes! My new fave- Crazy About Coconut. OMG it's like a mini haupia cake. So good, it makes me crazier than the hatter!!!
4	Choice overload?Thinking about it now tenses my forehead muscles a little.Being the kind of girl that orders the #1 on the menu instead of one that requests her coffee extra hot with a dash of this or that, the menu at Mad Hatter was a bit overwhelming when it came to building my own cupcake.As I was just visiting Vegas, I wanted to make sure I made the best choices. After all, how many cupcakes could I consume and enjoy in one afternoon. If I lived here, I'd probably forgo Friday happy hour and hit this place.Anyway, I ended up really liking Mad Hatter.The standout cupcake I built was chocolate cake with coconut cream filling, coconut frosting topped with of course, shaved coconut...totally went koo koo for it =) Cake was moist with a balanced chocolate taste, cream filling was fluffy and light, frosting...creamy and  the shaved coconut added a nice texture.I took a menu home.  Will plan my choices for the next Vegas vaca. Can't wait!
1	I so wanted to like this place...Drove out 20 minutes to try these, since I'd read that these were super-moist, super-tasty, etc etc.  I got the strawberry lemonade (lemon cake, strawberry filling and frosting) and the chocolate (all 3 layers chocolate).I really expected better of $3 (then plus tax!) cupcakes.The lemon was psychedelically yellow, and actually, for all that, without much lemon taste.  Moist at least, though.  The strawberry filling reminded me of something from childhood-- I then realized it looked and tasted just like the fluorescent pink liquid antibiotic (amoxicillin) you take as a kid, that has to be kept refrigerated.  The bright pink frosting was wayyyy too sweet, and tasted completely artificial.  Couldn't manage more than a bite or two.Chocolate cake had similar problems... moist cake, but not better than you could make from a box of cake mix.  Frosting and filling were also too sweet. It's a perfect 75 degrees now in October in Vegas, but the frosting for both rapidly turned into a runny goo.  Um... yeah... cute store, but I won't be coming back.
3	Interesting concept as they let you put together your own cupcake (cake, filling, frosting).  They can also makeup characters for your kids like elmo and cookie monster.  I would probably opt out of the filling in the future as the frosting is already pretty sugary.  The cake is tasty and moist so thats a plus.  Friendly service.
4	oooh moist creaminess.
2	The Forecast calls for WAY TOO MUCH FROSTING!! A good cupcake is balanced, which means neither the cake nor the frosting should dominate the other. The cupcakes at Mad Hatter taste like store-bought box mix, with a torrential downpour of frosting. The cake didn't really have great flavor (red velvet and a chocolate peanut butter) and I didn't like what I had of the icing either. What this place does do well, is childrens' parties. Kids can come in, and decorate their own cupcakes. The place is colorful and playful, very conducive to the wide eyes of a child, about to devour a sugary dessert. Since I don't have kids, I came here for a quality cupcake, and instead got a sugary blizzard of disappointment.
4	OMG! Whoever thought of create your own cuppycake is BRILLIANT! This was the best cupcake experience I've ever had! First off, there have a lot of different cupcake flavors and frostings....kinda overwhelming but it's all G! You choose your cuppycake AND can have it filled AND have it topped off with your own personally selected flavors. Secondly, what I thought were mini cupcakes were actually samples! Yum E! This place was winning me over within seconds.I ordered the Red Velvet w/both lemon & strawberry frosting (I couldn't decide so she gave me a half & half). Cuppycake was deliciously moist but next time I'm gonna ask them to not be so generous with the frosting. My cousin ordered her pumpkin cuppycake with a smidgen of frosting....apparently she's a veteran here & knows how they're heavy on the frosting. .
5	mad hatter's has the most amazing cupcakes!! why you ask? cuz its EXACTLY how you want it!! i tried this place out when i first moved here and it was pretty cool to make cupcakes with stuff in them and then decorate the outside, but when i brought my fam here (which included some little kids) this place was perfect!! all the kids went CRAZY picking out cupcakes and decorating them while the adults kicked back with some coffee and took a break...my personal fav is the strawberry cake with the strawberry filling (i swear it has cocaine or something- it was so addicting!!) and cream cheese frosting with a cute gummy strawberry...oh and they have a frequent shopper punch card- i almost filled mine...and then i lost my wallet (ack!) they have a special last time i checked- if you roll in around 7PM they'll hook you up with some discounted prices cuz theyre trying to unload the days cupcakes- but dont quote me- i havent been there in a couple of months (i really needed to stop eating that much sugar!!)
3	Mad Hatter Cupcakes is a create-your-own-cupcake store. You select the type of cake, filling, frosting and even topping. Sounds like a cool concept as long as the place can deliver quality cakes... I stopped in with a friend after lunch and decided to get a half dozen cupcakes. I had fun with the process because of all the different options I had. There was only one employee working, and he could have been more upbeat but he wasn't surly or anything. The first cupcake I tried was the lemon with strawberry filling and frosting (one of the signature flavors called Strawberry Lemonade). The lemon cake was moist, coupled with the strawberry filling it was almost too moist.The super bright neon pink frosting was very sweet but the slight tartness of the lemon cake evened it out a bit. The topping was a strawberry gummy which was a bit hard. Next time I think I will skip the toppings, they are mainly geared at kids. The second cupcake I tried was the banana with strawberry filling and frosting. This cupcake also very moist, it felt a little greasy. I definitely preferred the flavor of the lemon.6 cupcakes were $15 plus tax, which is slightly discounted (single cupcakes run $3) You save more if you buy a full dozen. Not even close to the best cupcake ever, but they were a sweet treat and the experience was fun, so I am going with a middle-of-the-road 3 star rating. Since I am rarely in the area, I doubt I will be back soon... It's not worth a special trip in my opinion.
3	I've been on a cupcake fix the last couple of weeks. I hate that they most close by 8pm, because that's when the craving hits hard.This place is cool because they customize them for you on the spot. You choose the base, inside cream and outside creaming. They have much variety. Because of this, I believe, they are a bit pricey...about $9 for 3 cupcakes.This place is good munchies and enjoyable as long as the cupcake maker is patient with every customer. I don't like to feel rushed when I'm putting my cupcake orders in because I order off the cuff (for example red velvet cake, white chocale filling, strawberry cream on top with sprinkles fior one, and the next two will be completely different).So a solid three stars for now.
1	Huh?  Create your own cupcake.  Maybe my three dogs should plan our weekly food shopping.  Why not just have a bunch of good cupcakes?  Silly toppings are cute for kids but c'mon.  Maybe we can go build-a-bear afterward.At $3 a throw for a minature cupcake that is at best decent?  Go here after you drop $25 for a lollipop at Sugar Factory and it will be a bargain.Any supermarket can top these.
4	For Vegas these are the best cupcakes I have found. They are moist and since you create your own you can tell them how much frosting you would like on top or if you would like filling inside. This place blows the cupcakery out of the water. A lot of people don't like the build your own concept but I like it since that way you don't end up with a opund of frosting on it if you don't like it that way.  A bit pricey but all cupcake places are. But worth it for a yummy treat.
5	What's good: The Cupcakes and the choice to design your own cupcakes. This is 'Merica, and we're all about freedom, and cupcakes are not exempt from that. This is not one of those communist cupcake places where they tell you what to like and how to eat it. Here you can try your best to make crappy cupcakes and no one is going to stop you.What's bad: Well, the customer service has never been spectacular, but never been particularly bad. So that's not technically bad, but it's relatively bad. Which is bad.Potential Disaster: Designing cupcakes from the filling up can be a lot of responsibility. Famished stoners in the throes of cravings could become overwhelmed quickly and hold up the line. (Not that I'm recommending such things.) The nature of the place makes for a one person at a time method, and while it is the crux of the charm in the place, it is not a speedy process.Bottom Line: These are spectacular cupcakes. Come prepared with cupcake motifs you might enjoy.
5	My friends surprised me with some delicious cupcakes from Mad Hatter for my birthday!  I had red velvet w/ cream cheese frosting and lemon cupcake with lemon zest frosting.  Both really moist and delicious!  The red velvet and cream cheese frosting is one of the best I've had.I didn't know that you can mix and match frosting/cakes/fillings until I checked out their website.  Really cool concept.
4	I'm not sure how I've overlooked reviewing Mad Hatter so long... it's been our go to cupcake shop for a few years. I remember when they first opened their doors and it was the owner behind the counter customizing each and every cupcake. I'm thrilled her business has thrived. I know I've done my part and the opening of Fuddruckers certainly drew new business. Prices have gone up and down over time, but the deliciously moist cupcakes have remained.These cakes are seriously moist. No filling or frosting is needed, but the different flavor combinations are welcomed. I've tried so many but it's the Island Joy (coconut cake & frosting with chocolate ganache) that I love. I get it with light frosting and espresso beans. Yum! My husbands favorite is the Red Velvet with vanilla filling and light creamcheese frosting.  I've tried cupcakeries all over town and in every major city. It is Mad Hatter that set the bar and no one has come close to matching it. I don't have a major sweet tooth and the ability to customize at Mad Hatter is what makes me mad about their cupcakes.
4	I've tried other cupcake bakeries like Sprinkles and Kara's Cupcake here in the bay area. Although this place lets you customize your cupcake with different fillings and frosting but the flavor can't compete with Sprinkles.I had their red velvet with vanilla bean fillings with vanilla buttercream frosting. my husband tried the red velvet with coconut filling with white chocolate frosting. When we bit into it, we couldn't find the filling. One good this about it is that the cake was nice and moist. For $3 a piece, it wasn't worth it.
5	thanks to cherish h, i learned of mad hatter.  it was my cupcake-loving friend's 30th birthday, and what would be more perfect than this?  i used their simple order form to order a dozen cupcakes (mostly red velvet and lemon), and they were delicious!  super moist, and the frostings were perfect too.  too bad mad hatter is all the way in vegas, otherwise i would be a regular here!
2	After eating lunch next door, we opted to try Mad Hatter for dessert.  Cupcakes are small and overpriced, $12.94 for 4 cupcakes.  Nothing special, tasted the same as grocery store or what I make at home, no better than Duncan Hines.  Save you money, make 2 doz at home, buy a gallon of Ben & Jerry's, and you'll still come out ahead!
5	My boyfriend got me 6 cupcakes on Sunday morning, and I finally got around to trying one Friday night. (Am I going to die now?) After popping  my Red Velvet cupcake in the microwave for 15 seconds, I had THE BEST cupcake I've ever had in my life!! I could probably down a dozen of these. Can't  comment on service or any other flavors, but that one cupcake gets 5 stars from me!
5	The best cupcakes I have had out here so far. We were out shopping at the Target Greatland for Halloween decorations (the the other targets did not have in stock) and saw the sign for cupcakes. Well I love me some cupcakes, but I have a hard time nowdays actually buying them from shops because they are either dry when we get them, they have no fillings, etc. So.... when we saw that these cupcakes had fillings in them, it was a GO! for me. Even better, when we asked if the ones in the cabinet had this filling or that filling, the lady behind the counter was like "OH no, we don't do them that way. We just bake the cupcakes and have them ready for when you come in then YOU tell us what filling and frosting to use." I was super happy. This meant I could take a vanilla cupcake, fill it with whipped creme filling and then frost it with their chocolate ganache frosting (super yummy I might add) or I could take a chocolate cupcake, fill it with peanut butter filling, and then ice it with peanut butter icing as well (also very yummy). But the best thing about the cupcakes, was how UTTERLY MOIST they were. I mean, like melt in your mouth moist. We had a sample of the banana mini cupcake with cream cheese icing right there in the store and we almost ran off with her entire "sampler" dish. They apparently only make mini cupcakes when ordered special, so if you see them on the counter they are definitely meant for you to devour :-)Definitely worth a try if you like super moist, design em yourself cupcakes.
5	Best cupcakes in Las Vegas. 100 times better than the Cupcakery. You can create your own combo of flavors between cake, icing filling and completely customize your cupcakes. Friendly staff. Try them!
4	I go to Mad Hatter for all my deserts! Their mini cupcakes are great for parties, just make sure to ask for easy icing! A little pricy however they offer a punch card; funny though you get only one punch if you buy one cupcake or a dozen, curious!
5	Hands down one of the best cupcake places I have gone to throughout the country!  You kind of have to drive out to the middle of nowhere outside Las Vegas to get to it but definitely worth the drive!  What's special about this place is they let you customize your cupcakes to whatever you like.  You pick the cake, the filling, the frosting, and any toppings to your liking.  I thought it was an interesting concept but I did not expect that the quality of the stuff would taste amazing.  The first one I got was the red velvet cupcake and had them inject vanilla filling inside.  Then, they put the vanilla whipped frosting on it.  The cake was very moist and light and I could just eat the cake all day long.  The added vanilla filling & whipped frosting were perfect.  After one cupcake, I got a second cupcake with vanilla cake & orange filling.  Another amazing combo!  The place has a cute Alice in Wonderland theme.  A very friendly staff too!  And just so fun to watch them make your cupcake!
5	Fantastic! Different cake flavors and fillings and frostings and toppings! It is great
5	Create your own cupcake is a brilliant idea and is very well done at Mad Hatter.  Their cupcake's are very legit.
1	This place is a total scam.  I ordered cupcakes for a superbowl party and they were terrible.  Not any better than a mix you buy at the store or even get from the grocery store fand cost so much more money!  I paid $50 for 18 cupcakes that I could have made from scratch for less than $5. and would have been thousands of times better.  Some didn't have the filling I ordered and the frosting was really overbearing - more frosting than there was cake. Live and learn I guess.  Too bad because they are so close to the house.  Never again though.
3	Husband and I were staying in the area and I was drooling for the Cupcakery's Strawberry Shortcake cupcake, but didn't feel like battling the strip traffic. Stopped I'm here despite some bad reviews. I must agree that the cake itself of really moist and delicious. The frosting, however, was pretty bad. I had a red velvet with vanilla buttercream on top. The buttercream has a weird flavor and the consistency is just not good! Grainy and odd. Just didn't like it. I'll stick with The Cupcakery during my visits.
5	I've decided that the best part of living in Vegas, is that every time friends or family come to town (which is seemingly a few times a week when living here) I get to bring them to Mad Hatter to taste these cupcakes, and I get to eat one myself.Oh my god, this place defines the term "foodgasm" I have one every time I bite into a red velvet cake from here.  The bread is so moist and fresh with perfect flavor and the vanilla bean frosting is perhaps the best thing I've ever put in my mouth.The concept of "create your own cupcake" is genius, especially for me since I LOVE red velvet, but I detest cream cheese frosting.If weight weren't an issue, I'd eat here three times a day.Only thing they could do to improve would be to sell milk and chocolate milk to go along with the cupcake, rather than just the coke and bottled water they currently do.
4	Wish they would expand here in town.   Moist, yummy cupcakes with really great fillings and frosting.  Lots of choices for toppers (glitter, M&Ms, etc).  Have always had good customer service there on Saturday afternoons.  The only issue is when the people in front of you can't decide what they want; that's when things go terribly wrong because there's not enough people working to assist anyone else who is waiting.
4	Great cupcakes and you choose your own cake type, filling & icing!  SO good!  Wish there were more stores!
1	This company uses mixes....yes mixes. I know a friend who has worked here. Thats selling something false and lying to customers. They should be ashamed.
5	I love cupcakes! I buy about a dozen a month for my husband and I, and this place is AWESOME! I just wish there were one in San Diego. We found this place off the strip two years ago and we still talk about it today. My Yelp! photo is actually cupcakes from this place. Moist, unique, and just plain yummy! The decor inside is sweet too. I like the Alice in Wonderland theme.
3	My friend and I did a "Las Vegas Cupcake Tour", and we stopped by Mad Hatter to check them out.  As many reviewers have said: the concept is genius.  Cupcakes are already baked, but not yet filled, frosted, and decorated; the choice is yours.  If you're overwhelmed  by the choices, they do have a list of signature selections to choose from - this is the route I took. I tried the Mad About Peanut Butter and the Mocha Latte.  The peanut butter cupcake came with a little nutter butter cookie on top, and because it hadn't been sitting in a case already made for hours, it was still nice and crispy when I devoured it.  Both of the cupcakes were delicious, but the PB was probably my favorite.  Very rich. I felt the cake-to-frosting ratio was appropriate.My only criticism: the cakes need to be more dense in order to hold up the filling and frosting.  Both of my cupcakes fell apart as I was eating them because the cake wasn't strong enough - it definitely wasn't something I could eat with only one hand!  My friend waited a couple days to eat hers, and they didn't fall apart as much; it seems as if having them set allows them to meld together and hold up.  Mine were really fresh....but that shouldn't be a bad thing.  Thicken those babies up and they'd be really fantastic! The other thing: the made-to-order business model can cause frustration for customers waiting in line.  Luckily, we got there right before a large group of high schoolers, otherwise we would have been there forever.  Don't go if you're in a hurry!
4	This was stop number 2 on our "cupcake tour of Vegas" Upon walking in we were greeted by a case of beautiful little unfrosted cakes. On the counter we find a cute little display of Alice In wonderland themed cakes and I my heart swooned! I love just about anything and everything AIW. The gal behind the counter greets us and explains that we can choose our own cupcake combinations, cake/filling/frosting. There was also a menu stating all the choices along with their suggested "combinations" I decided to try the "Silk and Velvet" and "Island Joy". She then proceeds to make our cupcake creations, stamping out a hole for filling, frosting it beautifully and then adding the few little finishing touches. The cupcakes were nice and moist, the filling wasn't over kill and the frosting was delicious. I was also in love with the edible glitter on my silk and velvet! If this joint wasn't so far away i'd probably return often but seeing as though it's clear in the southwest and I live in the Northeast it'll be awhile before I go again. LOL It is however worth a re-visit.
4	Ever since the cupcake craze has swept the country, I have been on a quest to try them in every city I visit.  This vacation I tried Mad Hatter Cupcakes.  First, it is a concept that is brilliant.   You select plain cupcakes, and then given the option of filling them with your choice of cream filling from their multitude of selections.  Then you choose an icing and decoration for your cupcake.  I was so happy to finally find a cupcake place that actually fills its cupcakes!  I tried the peanut butter filled with peanut butter and topped with dark chocolate ganache; the lemon filled with lemon and topped with lemon icing; the chocolate filled with chocolate cream and topped with chocolate ganache; and the vanilla cupcakes with vanilla cream filling and vanilla icing.  The only thing that prevented me from giving a five-star rating was that I found the quality of the cupcakes in general to be somewhat inconsistent.  The peanut butter and vanilla cake were dry, while the chocolate and lemon were moist.  I'd prefer they tweak their recipe so that all of the cakes were moist.   However, if I lived in Las Vegas, it would not prevent me from visiting regularly and trying as many different combinations as I could.
2	So, while in the area (which I never am) I decided to swing by Mad Hatter to get some cupcakes It's been about 3 or 4 yrs. since I have been here.... Right ff the bat I think the cupcakes are too expensive at $3.25 each - Nah... there are other places where the cupcakes are cheaper and yummier. The cake itself was good - it was thick almost like poundcake but not really - You feel me? Anyways, here once you pick a standard cupcake flavor you get to pick a filling,a frosting and a decoration/topper for your cupcake. Even though the cake texture itself I liked the frosting,fillings and toppings are so sweet and taste like if you were buying it from the Walmart Bakery. So, if you enjoy cake from a supermarket then I know you will like this place alot. I guess in the price of the cupcake you are also paying for the experience of creating your own personal cupcake but honestly, I can do without that experience!!!The inside is cute and I really liked this certain Alice in Wonderland painting they have on their wall. For a place in which you have to pick everything for your cupcake the girl behind the counter needed to be a little bit more patient. Mad Hatter is no where close to home and I'm OK with that......
3	We came in looking for some delicious cupcakes, but it was about an hour before closing and there wasn't much of a selection.   Since my first and second choice was sold out, I was able to try the lemon with cream cheese frosting and found it to be very moist and tart.If the end of the day cupcake is still that good, I guess it would be worth going back to try the ones we missed.
5	These are definitely the best cupcakes I've ever had!!They have a bunch of different flavors, and you can choose what filling goes inside of them and the frosting on top. The cake is super moist and soft, like heaven in your mouth :P And you can pick little decorations for the top too!My favorite thing to get is the chocolate cupcake with no filling, and coconut frosting on top. Then I get glitter on the frosting :)
3	Three years ago, I would have given this place 5 stars. Today, three stars is a bit of stretch. In short.. great concept, poor execution.Create your own cupcakes? Sounds great! Kids adore this place. They have several different flavors, toppings, fillings, and they can even sculpt Elmo. The issue with the cupcakes is the texture. It's hard to eat them without a utensil. They crumble when you bite into them. The cupcakes have great flavor. They just happen to be too moist.If you have a kiddo with you, stop by. If not, head to Gigi's,  the Cupcakery or even Smith's.
5	I just bought cupcakes here for the first time for a baby shower. I am so happy that I ordered from here. The cupcakes were moist and delicious and everybody was talking about them throughout the party. When it comes to cakes and cupcakes I never eat frosting because I don't care for it. It's always too sweet and sugary and it just never tastes good. Well, this frosting was something I have never tasted before! I was licking the frosting off of the cupcakes, it was so good.I ordered 3 dozen cupcakes for a 1/3 of the price that they wanted for 1 dozen at the Cupcakery. Thank you Mad Hatter Cupcakes!I will be ordering from you again!
4	So f#(%*ng good. Vanilla is the key to my heart.
5	Oh my goodness! I don't understand how this place is not rated higher! I love Mad Hatter Cupcakes! This was one of the first places I tried when I arrived in Las Vegas. Yes, it is pricey but it's a great treat! When you enter you choose what flavor cupcake you want, and decide on a filling and frosting on top. Besides that, you get to choose a decoration, be it a mini candy, a little yoy even glitter! What's not to love? I love how the cupcakes are super moist. And the frosting is super good too, although it is on the sweet side. That's not a problem for me though, since I live for sugar. I always, always order the red velvet and chocolate with their corresponding fillings. The carrot is also very good. The leom with strawberry filling is super delish as well. I even ordered a birthday cake for my hubby once, red velvet. It wasn't at all expensive either, it was like 25-35 dollars. Since I detest fondant, they made it with frosting, wowza!
4	I love how you get to pick you cake your filling and then frosting and decorations. Kind of fun. The cake and frosting were delicious. It's kind of pricey and I feel like the staff isn't that nice. One time the girl there was awesome the next time a different girl was terrible and I asked for six cupcakes she charged me for 5, when I reminded her she made the cupcake and tried to charge me for an extra cupcake but the price of 6 cupcakes was not even a dollar more than what I paid. It was just annoying because she looked at me like she wasn't going to fix the issue and expected me to pay the full price when I bought 6 for the discounted rate. All that a side I'll still go there but I just hope that girl that seems to hate her job isn't there.
5	Mad Hatter didn't have a huge Spider-Man cupcake in their example book but I described what I wanted and it turn out great!!! Thanks again MH!!! See Pics
4	My boss told me to stop by this place to grab cupcakes for my coworkers birthday and I'm glad he did! I really like this place because you get to choose your own frosting & fillings for it. I don't really like desserts that are overly sweet and I felt like their cupcakes were just right. The cake had a hint of the flavor and it wasn't overly sweet so it went perfectly well with the frosting.
3	3.5 stars.  Quickly yelped Mad Hatter because I noticed it was right next door when we were having lunch at Fuddruckers.  We were in the mood for a tasty treat afterwards so we went to try out the cupcakes here.  We learned that they "create" your cupcake with prebaked cakes, filling, and icing as you order it.  You can choose from creations on the cupcake menu or just make your own combo of cupcake flavor, filling flavor, and icing.  And adding to that, they are each decorated (for example, my husband chose one that was topped with a Hershey Kiss; I chose the Classic Red Velvet and it was decorated with red sprinkles and this edible glittery stuff haha.  It was so cute when it was fully "constructed").  You can stick to the "stock" decoration or choose your own by adding different toppings, or candles, etc.  The shop decor is simple and the artwork on the wall is pretty neat.  The tables are low to the ground and have those ottoman cubes to sit on, which we found to be a little too low for our liking.My main complaint is that the girl making the cupcakes, who was very nice and helpful, did not wear gloves to prepare them, and I didn't actually see her wash her hands (that's not to say she didn't wash her hands, just that I didn't see it).  As she pulled the sprinkles out of the container with her bare hands and applied the hershey kiss to my husband's cupcake I couldn't help but think "how many other hands have been in that sprinkle container?"  Her hands were not visibly soiled or anything like that, it was just some food for thought for me.  Anyway, you can order single cupcakes or multiples and the price per cupcake goes down the more you order ($2.99 for 1, $2.50 each with 6, $2.29 each with 12).  Good prices considering the highway robbery that goes on in many cupcake shops across the valley.  The cupcake itself was soft.  It was preprepared with a hole in it to put the filling in, which we thought was pretty cool.  The cream cheese icing was very good but I could have done without the vanilla filling.  The icing and the filling were just two different flavors that I didn't think went well together.  If I'm in the area and in the mood for a sweet treat I'll stop in again after lunch.
4	Yum! Moist and customizable, which is great 'cause I can be picky. It is a tiny bit too sweet for me, but that doesn't stop me from finishing my cupcakes! Strawberry with cream cheese frosting inside and out..& glitter on top please!
5	Really moist & yummy! Worth the wait:)
3	These were okay, but I think the cupcakes at The Cupcakery are better.  The whole "make your own" is a cute idea, but I don't think they have a very wide selection of flavours (they were not able to make a mint chocolate cupcake!).  When I went, they had chocolate and peanut butter on display, but were out of them.  I've never been to a bakery that had things they don't really have prepared on display, that really irked me.  However, the flavours they do have are moist and were even tasty the next day, and the frosting-to-cupcake ratio is nearly perfect.  I probably wouldn't go back, but I can see how others would enjoy this place and have fun with it!
1	I've been here twice first time we had poor service with dry cupcakes, second time we had the same with a different cupcake girl and I told myself never again! Today at a get together these were brought and once I tasted the dry cupcake and funky icing I knew it was from this place. Yep! I was right. 3rd times the charm for a review. Just nasty-
5	I love the whole "build your own cupcake" idea.  It speaks to my inner fat kid.  Hahaha.  The cupcakes are really quite delicious.  A must try!
4	Cupcakes rock! If you place an order it only needs to be 24 hour notice! A bit pricy!
2	I really believed I would love this place when I walked in. They allow you to customize your cupcakes without preordering. I thought that was a really cool concept. They have a variety of little toppings that you can place on your cupcake and it's just a neat thing that there's potential to become very flexible with your order. When I actually tried the cupcake, I wasn't as excited. The cupcake was moist but didn't have enough flavor for me. The frosting tasted really artificial. I don't think I would come back because the cupcake competition is fierce with all the bakeries opening up. There are much better cupcake bakeries that I would rather go to.
2	I was excited about how you can put your cupcakes together with the filling, toppings, etc.  however the cream filling was terrible, cake was too moist and not flavor.Very disappointed.
3	I did enjoy the cupcakes. My daughter did love them and ate it up in seconds. I love the idea of being able to make your own creation. Just dnt think they're the best cupcakes in town.
5	We used Mad Hatter Cupcakes for our Friday the 13th Wedding Reception at Las Vegas Country Saloon.  They were prompt and punctual with delivery and were never more than a phone call away with any questions or concerns.  Mad Hatter was always available and willing to work with us.  Our guests were in awe of the cupcake selection and everyone loved our choices.  It was great to be able to create our own flavors to reflect our personalities.  I think our guests really appreciated the opportunity to pick their own cupcake vs being stuck with whatever kind of cake we might have picked.All the decorations were great and consistent with our wedding themes.  We couldn't be happier with the both the service and cupcake quality... and we're still enjoying leftovers.
1	Stopped by this place after doing a quick stop at Target and looked pretty cool from the outside but, once inside their selection was TERRIBLE, they only had like 5 or 6 flavors or less if I remember correctly. I asked the rep. If that was all the choices they had and she looked at me like I was crazy and said, "Uh, yeah." Now I wouldn't of minded if the cupcakes were ATLEAST GOOD but, they were not! I got a total of 3 cupcakes my daughter got Strawberry with Strawberry icing, I got Red Velvet with Cream cheese icing and white chocolate filling (supposably) and my husband got a Chocolate cupcake with chocolate icing and chocolate ganache filing. Now to describe the cupcakes. They tasted like out of the BOX BATTER cupcakes! I mean they tasted exactly like what I can do at home! Come on Mad Hatters STEP UP YOUR GAME! I've been to other bakeries whose cupcakes were beyond amazing! Now when you charge me over $1 in filling you would think you would actually FILL it not put a dime sized amount! I definitely won't be coming here ever again and will not be recommending this place to ANYONE!
1	I'm so mad I wasted a penny here! These cupcakes were disgusting. I got it for my sons birthday and couldn't eat them. I don't recommend this place to anyone. There's only one location and I see why...
3	Disclaimer: I may not be the best judge of cupcakes because I'm not too big on frosting (I normally end up scraping half the frosting off anyway)...and I don't really eat sweets very often (besides ice cream).One of my sister's friends mentioned "build your own cupcakes", so of course we had to try it! We were going to get lunch at Fuddruckers and the line was a bit long, so we popped in for cupcakes. The menu is a bit overwhelming, but luckily they have a decent selection of signature flavor combinations. We ordered:Red velvet with white chocolate filling and cream cheese frosting Pumpkin with cream cheese frosting and pumpkin cream fillingMad about banana Coconut cake with chocolate filling and coconut icing Mad about lemon Peanut butter cupThe verdict: too sweet for my taste! Maybe I'm just not a fan of the filling and the frosting (because then you can't eat the cupcake like a boss! If you haven't seen the video, YouTube it). The cake wasn't as moist as I'd like it to be, but it wasn't exactly rock solid. Service was awesome though! She was very helpful and informative and wasn't hesitant to make recommendations.
5	Best cupcakery I have found in Las Vegas.  The filling keeps the cake moist and love the option to select icing, cake and filling - yum!
2	I really don't understand how they still on business, they don't care about the customers that go in the store AT ALL, I order some cupcakes for my sons bday and cancel them after I think of my experience after I left the store. The owner of the store really have to do something.
5	I love Mad Hatter cupcakes! Absolutely delicious. I stop in after work occasionally to pick up a treat for my roommates and myself. Even though I usually go late- the cupcakes always taste fresh!Their banana cupcake is great!!! Super moist and not too sweet. I love that you can customize your own cupcakes. You pick the cake flavor, the filling, and the frosting. Plus you can add lots of cute toppings!!After 7:30 they have a special where you buy three cupcakes and get one free.I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	Best cupcake shop in Vegas.  Went lateat night before closing so the variety wasn't great but the cupcakes were fab and I've been to a lot of bakeries.
5	For those of you who said your cupcakes were dried and disappointing, sorry you had a bad experience.But my cupcakes were the exact opposite of that. It was flavorful and moist....even a week later.I received half a dozen of their red velvet cupcakes for Valentine's Day. It was sweet and thoughtful because it was personalized. =) For those who knows me, I'm a sucker for all personalized items.All in all, presentation was great. The taste was delicious. The texture of the cupcake were soft and fresh. Frosting was on point; sweet but not overbearing.I know the infamous Sprinkles Cupcakes is due to make their arrival here in Sin City pretty soon but they're definitely going to have some competition. But even though I'm a LA native, I prefer Mad Hatter cupcakes truthfully. So I will definitely be back for more cupcake tastings in the future.
5	This is the best cupcakery in Las Vegas.  The icing is cream cheese with every flavor i.e. lemon or strawberry.  I love the strawberry lemonade cupcake - yum!
4	Let's start by saying I like this little place. The atmosphere is pleasant even though there is limited seating. If u want to get in and out of there quickly make sure u know what u want. I unfortunately I was behind someone who was indecisive on what they wanted. Bless the girls heart behind the counter it took 12 minutes for this customer to pick her cupcakes out.If I didn't mention in this cupcake store u can order the shops cupcakes which they make at time u order. Or u could design ur own.1. Pick ur type of cake2. Pick ur filling3. Pick ur frostingIf u order this way please know what u want before ordering.
5	My Grandpa came to Las Vegas for his birthday this was the only place we could find one of those giant cupcakes and we are glad we found it here. We got French Vanilla cake with a Vanilla Butter Cream and it was delicious. You have to order 3 days in advance but they were patient about us order because we have never been there. The cake serves about 12 people because it looks small but is giant when you try to eat it. The Butter Cream Frosting was to thick and sweet for me but I still loved it! The actual cake was amazing and if I ever want a cupcake again I will go there
3	Pretty good Cupcake. Had the red velvet Cupcake with white chocolate frosting. Frosting, super good, cake ok. It was a lil oily for me and the top was slightly hard. But overall, pretty good.
4	When craving abanana cupcake,with peanut butter filling,and chocolate frosting(which I call The Elvisand is fittingly consideringI'm in Vegas),head on over to theMad Hatter Cupcakesfor that or some otherdizzying combinationsof cake, filling, and frosting.
5	Very cute place!! I like how there's so much variety on making your own cupcakes!! And whoever said the cupcakes are dry you very mistaken they were definitely moist and Yummy! I definitely recommend this place if u want a variety of different cupcakes
3	I'm a big fan of cupcakes and I love the option of creating different varieties of frosting, filling, cupcake, and toppings. The only thing that sets me off about their cupcakes is the fact that you get so much frosting and it's just too much to handle (and I'm a big sweet tooth too.) I also feel like they're a bit pricey but other than that, it's a great treat every once and a while !
2	For recommendations of better cupcake shops, see the last sentence of my review.I've been craving cupcakes for weeks, and I just so happened to be having dinner near Madhatter, so I figured I'd stop in since I hadn't been here in years. Well, I realized why I hadn't been there in so long after I are my first cupcake.I ordered 1/2 dozen cupcakes for $15, which in comparison to similar shops is pretty reasonable. However, my cupcakes just were subpar, probably why they were only $15. I got two strawberry cupcakes with vanilla frosting, two pumpkin cupcakes, and one chocolate with peanut butter frosting, and one chocolate with banana frosting. The first cupcakes my friend and I ate were the strawberry ones. Immediately we both noticed that the cupcake had no strawberry taste what so ever, but did have a lot of pink food dye, which made the texture of the cupcake kind of iffy. After we took our first bite we immediately went and scraped about half of the frosting off, as there was just so much frosting, which tastes like an amateur buttercream, way too much powdered sugar! The frosting was completely way too much, too sweet, not a good frosting just in general because there was too much sugar. I love sweets, and I have a major sweet tooth, but it was just a lot of frosting that wasn't even good frosting.We later decided to try to split the chocolate peanut butter cupcake, and again, the cake was moist, but had a very dense texture, and tasted like any generic store bought cupcake mix. If I'm paying good money for cupcakes, make it so they don't taste store bought. I could go to the store and buy a box of cake mix and a can of frosting and get a better outcome. The only reason I gave a review of two stars instead of one is that 1) they have pumpkin cupcakes even though it's not fall, and 2) I like that you can mix and match different frostings, fillings, cakes, and toppings so they're made to order. I think that's a pretty cool concept.Individual cupcakes are $2.99/each, which is steep considering other shops do cupcakes for $2.50/$2.75 for better quality cakes. If you want an awesome cupcake try Showboy Bake Shop, the Cupcakery, or Freeds. Those are the best cupcakes in town, hands down! This shop, just disappointing.
5	It's soo cool to build your own cupcake! I went on a weekday after lunch time and the place was empty. Perfect for me!  You pick what flavor cupcake, filling, and frosting. You can buy just 1 which is convenient. Frosting was not too sweet and cake was moist. Cute little place I plan in coming back to when I'm in the area
5	I've been going here for years! Such a cute little store where you can pick and choose exactly what you want on your cupcake. I usually get the strawberry cake with white chocolate frosting. Yum yum yum!
4	I liked this place. I made a quick stop because I wanted something sweet. I ended up getting a red velvet cupcake with cream cheese filling and frosting. Super yummy! The cupcakes were moist. I can't wait to get another one. Yummers!
5	Stopped in and got a 1/2 dozen. Was a little worried about the other reviews but  ohhhhhhh man they were all so yummy!  Cake was fresh (chocolate, carrot, lemon, vanilla, red velvet) and the icing was perfect.  My new fav craving. I Can't pick a favorite. Decisions Decisions...
5	DELICIOUS cupcakes and very friendly service. They did an awesome assortment of a dozen cupcakes for me last minute (with very little notice- they even answered the phone earlier than business hours) and I was able to pick up at store opening. All the cupcakes had different decorations for the birthday theme and they were a BIG hit! Everyone raved how good they were- I will definitely order from them again.
2	Really over priced & way to much frosting, the packaging for 3 cupcakes was ridiculous plastic container adding way to much cost to there product plus the package is not biodegradable. Cupcakes should be simple your way over doing it!
4	I generally am not a huge fan of sweets, but I really like the cupcakes from Mad Hatter. It is probably a good thing they are not located closer to my house, and that I only indulge when I am in that area visiting with clients. The concept is fairly unique yet simple; there is a list of cupcake flavors, toppings and filling options that are created as you order. My absolute favorite cupcake here is the Snickerdoodle. I am absolutely in love with this vanilla cake and cinnamon goodness. It is like crack! I also had their Coconut cupcake and was not too impressed by it. I do agree that the frosting tends to lean toward the sugary side. I am happy sticking with the Snickerdoodle and even paying a little bit higher price for something I genuinely enjoy. I have never found the cupcakes to be dry or flavorless. The prices are not cheap. I believe it is around $17 for a half a dozen with tax. Well worth it to me!The service is always friendly and accommodating.
2	One star for the idea of a build your own cupcake and one star for friendly service. As for the cupcakes themselves...not good at all. The chocolate cake did not taste like chocolate and was very heavy. The cakes them selves looked very sloppy as if just thrown into the pan to bake. First and last time going there.
5	I went a couple days ago with my friend. We order banana foster cupcake no filling, red velvet, carrot cake and chocolate. My favorite was the carrot cake and the chocolate. The cupcakes were very tasty very extremely moist and fresh I would definitely go back.
5	Wow is all that I can say. This place has the best cupcakes in all of Nevada. They are unique and special and there chocolate cupcake, filling, and frosting is the best! My hole family and I wish we had the recipe. There employees are always very friendly. For what you get there prices are very reasonable and I would recommend this place all the way. Mad hatter cupcakes are my favorite cupcakes and if u r looking for somewhere to get cupcakes for a birthday party this is the place!
4	I will judge a city by its cupcakes no big deal.My perfect Mad Hatter cupcake:Chocolate cupcake was moist and not too dense. Ganache filling was perfectly sweet and strawberry frosting was to die for! Love the concept of build your own cupcakes.
5	i love this place its always clean and well kept and the employees are so polite and fun to be around and the cupcakes are so good if i wasn't worried about gettingd fat id go every day
4	The older reviews here are lower than the more recent ones, and apparently they changed something, because I was pleasantly surprised by the cakes I received and I'm not easily impressed by miniature baked goods.As Dana details in her review, the gimmick this place has that other bakeries don't is that you customize your order: the cake flavor, the filling, and/or the frosting, from several appealing choices. They also have a list of 20-odd suggested combinations with cutesy names.Cakes I've tried here were decently moist and not too sweet, frosting is sugary but also has strong flavors: the peanut butter here is a favorite among many places I've tried it. PB and coffee are my usual flavors of choice, keep meaning to try the snicker doodle and carrot cake.
5	So I was on a mission to find the perfect cupcake and design. I found mad hatter cupcakes through yelp and I think it deserves a much higher rating!! First: the service is great! I was helped by two different ladies (sorry don't remember names) on two different occasions here. Second: the cupcakes and treats are mouth watering delicious! Moist and sweet but not over whelming, a perfect mixture! Third: love the concept of create your own cupcake I went the first time to place my order for my daughters 13th birthday party. They followed EXACTLY what I wanted and went above my expectations. I'm VERY happy with my over all experience and the cake and cupcakes I ordered were fed to 15 adults and kids and everyone ENJOYED! Thank you mad hatter cupcakes! I will be back for all my sweet cravings :-)
5	The coconut cupcake is my favorite. It's so good. I go there at least once a week. The staff is so helpful and sweet. They'll decorate as much as you want and are so creative with no additional charge. They are head and shoulders above all other cupcake stores in Las Vegas. I will drive 20 minutes out of my way to go here over The Cupcakery and Sprinkles.
3	Super cute cupcakery. They have really cute Alice and wonderland art work. The cupcakes are always moist and the frosting is the best part! Not overly sweet but always yummy! FYI you can purchase the icing for your own cupcakes. I believe it's 12 bucks for each flavor. Also they make fantastic cakes at an affordable cost!
5	Best cupcakes ever!!! I love this place. The cake is so moist and the cream cheese frosting is Amazing! Get my favorite build your own cupcake. Vanilla cake, Camille creme filling with cream cheese frosting. A little pricey but worth it.
4	Custom CupcakesLocated  west Flamingo near the 215. The store is quite close to Fudruckers and a Thai restaurant Aryana Thai.If you have a sweet tooth and cupcakes are your thing, Mad Hatters maybe just something that can satisfy your needs. There is a little system to ordering1) select a cake flavor2) select a filling 3) select a topping.It's pretty simple. If your like myself who is hopelessly not very creative, they do have a menu of cupcakes that you can choose from.The half dozen cupcakes I ordered were not bad. A little dry and not as moist as say Cupcakery cupcakes but the simple fact that you can tailor make your cupcakes is pretty cool. OverallFood: 4-5Service: 4-5Cleanliness: 4-5Coming back: yes
3	What sets this cupcakery apart from the rest is that you can customize your own. With all the different cake, filling and frosting options you can basically create any CC. It's great if you have little ones because not only do they love to create their own CC but they also have little Disney toys and edible glitter (my fave) to top it off! My favorite creation would have to be the classic red velvet cupcake with cream cheese frosting but I like to add a twist to it by adding peanut butter filling and glitter!! Who doesn't love a little peanut butter in everything?! I must say their cupcakes are a bit overpriced for the quality so this isn't my first choice but if I'm in the area and my kids (or I) want cupcakes this is our go to.
4	Cute little cupcakery. It's a small place so seating is limited we had to steal a chair from the table next to us. The place is adorned with Alice in Wonderland decor, which I loved.Sure, for the price of one cupcake, you can probably buy your own ingredients and make a batch yourself, but why go through the hassle and inconvenience? The cupcakes were delicious though, I went with the snickerdoodle, it was pretty good. I stole a bite of the peanut butter fudge and mad about peanut butter, they were good too. The cupcakes were moist and packed with a lot of good, sweet flavor so I'll be back!
4	I really enjoyed the cupcakes from Mad Hatter since they opened. Unfortunately they decided to double the prices and as much as I like the cupcakes I rather spend my money on something else. They now charge $26 for a dozen mini-cupcakes and the previous price was $15. They lost a loyal (Chubby) customer.
5	Technically... I wasn't a customer. Sunday was my birthday and my roommate surprised me with half a dozen of the most amazing cupcakes I have ever tasted & seen!At first glance; they almost looked fake because they were all iced exactly the same and has glitter-like sprinkles that made themReally unique and fun looking. To my surprise, all 6 had totally different flavors! I really loved the red velvet cupcake and the peanut butter one. I totally ruined my diet, but it was completely worth it!So price wise & customer service wise... I can't say yay or nah... But I can say as someone who for these as a gift that there were completely amazing and totally hit the spot!
5	LOVE these cupcakes!! Always fresh. I do wish they had some specials or deals once in a while.. But maybe it's good they don't so I don't go too often hehe
