3	There aren't too many places near Concord Mills that I really enjoy eating - most of them are your typical fare that you'll find near any mall, but one place really stands out, and this is it.Not quite a theme restaurant, but pretty close.  Make sure you read both sides of the menu, but do so with an open mind, because it's probably not completely politically correct.Also make sure you're ready for some tasty eating, because the food is quite good, if a bit spicy.  The staff is generally friendly but as with most places it can be somewhat hit and miss.
4	Mmm mmm!  I love to hit Razzoo's when I'm in Concord and fill up on the endless catfish & shrimp.  The hushpuppies are very good, too!  I'd heard good things about the deep-fried pickles but while I found the flavor to be ok, I thought they were too dried out to thoroughly enjoy.I will say that I think my daughter had a hard time finding something she could enjoy (the kids menu was pretty lame).  They should incorporate some smaller portioned entrees for the kids and tone the seasoning down some because she can get canned spaghetti or frozen chicken strips anywhere.
2	decent at best.  if you know real cajun this place won't impress you but for the lack of any other option it's passable.  the Rat Toes appetizer is pretty good.
4	So it was my first time in Charlotte...and we were searching for a place to eat after we went shopping at Concord Mills. We stumbled across Razzoo's Cajun Cafe which i had never heard of in my life. So me and my buddy opted to be adventurous that day and try something new. We walked in and all I can say is its a very COLORFUL restaurant. We sat down at our booth and were handed menu's that had A lot of items on it.....it was just very busy.... some of the items were rat tails......gator tails....wierd stuff anywayz i opted for the shrimp po boy with jalapeno hush puppies. My friend ordered the blackened chicken pasta. I must say my Shrimp po boy was really good..the shrimp was nice and spicy. I tasted my friends pasta and it was really good also.I asked the waiter were there any other razzoos in the world...and she said that the one we were at was the only one outside of texas that actually worked. So there's 12 of them in Texas...which explains why i've NEVER seen Razzoo's before.
2	While I still enjoy the atmosphere of Razzoo's, something has changed.  I don't know if I'm older (okay, I know I'm older), or if they've cranked it up a few notches, but their food is now too much for us to eat, and I'm not talking about the price, which is about the same.Everything on the menu, from the dirty rice to the fried green bean appetizer and the chicken pasta has a kick to it.  Consider yourself warned.  If you want it spicy, then this is probably your place.  But what used to be "taste with a bit of a bite" is now "spice with very little taste".  Or maybe it's just that there is so much spice that it kills the taste buds long enough to remove the taste.  Tough to say that there is a difference.On the bright side, the place is fun, and the servers are as friendly as ever - it's just that the food has really gone downhill.Sweet Tea Report:  Not sweet.  At all.  Not in your wildest dreams would you possibly imagine that this tea has ever even thought about being sweet.  I would hate to even try and think what their regular tea taste like because the sweet tea is so not sweet.  Move along.
4	Razzoo's is one of the best restaurants around Concord Mill's.  The food is great, the waiters are also great and the ambiance is really great.  I must warn, all of the items on the menu are pretty spicy.  But if you like spicy food like me this is the place to go.  You have to try the gator tail and the stuffed shrimp and the rat toes for appetizer.  I do not recommend this restaurant if you have little ones as I mentioned before, It is pretty spicy.  They do have a kids menu but most of it is pretty bland.
5	Although in the middle of concord mills', we found this place surprisingly authentic, reasonably priced, and, most importantly, delicious.  We would definitely recommend this place to somebody looking for something a bit outside the norm.
4	Things I like: big menu, great service, BIG portions, fun interior, new/weird/funky dishes to try (alligator tail, fried pickles...) popular place to eat. This restaurant fits all of these descriptions. Now if only the prices were a little big lower...
5	Best restaurant around the Mall.  Love it, Love it, Love it.  A trip to the mall, Bass Pro Shops, Dave and Busters and finish the day with some good food and great atmosphere at Razzoos.  You've probably seen the reviews of the food being spicey.  Their not lying.  But you can ask for some of it a little less spicey.  I personally don't think it's that bad, just warm.  My favorite is the "combo skillet" pass on the shrimp creole and replace it with a double crawfish etouffee.  Pretty waitresses, short shorts, cold beer, good upbeat music, very interesting interior decor.  Definitely one of my favorite places to eat.
4	The food was really good, and damn spicey.  The portions were huge, I don't think I was able to eat even half of it.  This is probably the best cajun place I have been too outside of NOLA.
4	There aren't many Cajun restaurants in the area to compete w/ Razoo's.  However, this place won't disappoint! If you like spicy food you will enjoy eating here. They serve 'Nawlins style food including fish, chicken, and crawdads/crayfish. This is only place in the area that I know of that serves crawfish. If you aren't a fan of seafood, the menu is big enough to accommodate your tastes. Additionally, the drinks here are great. Sometimes, my friend and I come here on Friday nights just for a drink or two. I love their frozen "Mardi-rita" and potent "Worm Burner."The service is good/average and the decor is colorful, as the theme is Mardi Gras-esque.
5	I agree w/the last posters...GREAT FOOD!...I usually as a rule shy away from chain restaurants but this has KILLER food and a decnt bar.....crawfish are OFF DA HOOK!
1	Hahaha, this place is laughable. There is no thought what so ever in their menu items. Everything is far to repetitive; there is no texture, or no flavor. It gets old after the 1st bite. Literally, maybe even less. I'm not a picky person, and I know what good food tastes like. I don't mind tasting different foods, but if I ever had to come back here (if it was a matter of life or death [seriously, I'd only go if someone held a gun to my head and told me too... eh, even then I wouldn't] -) so we can forget about this sentence.The waitress was the valley girl of the west. She was always laughing, never made eye contact, pointed out something in the menu with a spaghetti arm, and said 'like' a lot. It was very annoying. She gave us our plates in the middle of our meal. She gave us our drinks towards the end. It was just horrible service overall. Unfortunately, I went to Sticky Fingers before this place. And if you compare the two, Sticky Fingers is so much better, and I felt so horribly miserable that day, because I had to end my night with food like that. The menu had cool drawings on it, which was the only plus side. I'm very happy to say that I will never eat here again. Ever. In my entire life.
1	Nasty! Disgusting. I can't believe I even stepped in the doors.
4	Not only do I think this is the best restaurant around the mall but I also think they have the best cajun style food in the Charlotte area. Yes Boudreux's and Cajun Queen I said it. Now if you dont like spicey cajun food then don't go. I have brought many people to Razzoo's and no one has left disapointed. The food is great, flavorful and they give huge portions. Razzoos has some great signature coctails as well as Boudreux's but the price is no where close. As for the flavor and price it beats Cajun Queens hands down as well. They do have a bayou feel to their restaurant. They also have a very good looking staff. As for the food expect to find all your cajun greats.... andouille, gator tail, grilled gator, etoufee, dirty rice, gumbeaux, crawfish etc. I recommend two dishes. If you like a lot of food and enjoy fried food get the Jaws. It is a heaping portion of all kinds of fried seafood and fried pickles and fries. If you want to try a bunch of different things then I recommend the cajun skillet. It comes with andouille, shrimp creole, etoufee, beans and rice, and vegetables.
1	We had high hopes when we entered the restaurant.  The decor was over the top, but fun.  Unfortunately, this place was a disappointment after eating in Louisiana!  The seafood gumbo, or as the menu called it gumbeaux, was not very good.  One of my sons had the crawfish tails and he seemed to like them, but my other son ordered the seafood platter and 6 hours later he was violently ill.  Delightful.  We will not be going to Razoo's Cajun Cafe ever again.
4	Being from South Louisiana, Razoo's had a lot to prove to me. However, I was pleasantly surprised! This is very much a "corporate" chain and will not ever provide that "jazz" you find in true Cajun Cuisine. I had Stuffed Fish with Rice and Green Beans...it was nice. Was it like a true New Orleans dish? No, but it gives me a nice taste of home. The atmosphere was fun and greatly decorated! Some must haves are: Hurricanes, crawfish, alligator....Enjoy!
2	If I hadn't been born in Louisiana and my family wasn't cajun, I probably could enjoy it.  But when I go to a place that claims to be cajun and I see only pale shadows of the dishes, I come away disappointed.This place seems more about the Look of what a non-cajun would expect out of cajuns than what being Acadian really is.  Nowhere to be seen is the wonderful dishes like maquechoux, and boudin, nor were the sides near what I like.At least I still have relatives from Lafayette who send me good sausage to cook my own jambalaya and gumbo the right way.
4	New Orleans in Charlotte? Good Cajun dishes. Lots of fried stuff. The flavor can get lost in the fryer. The all you can eat catfish is the deal. It can be made grill or fried. Fun place.
5	Lunch at Razoo's was pretty good. Service was fast and friendly. I enjoyed an appetizer of Fried Gator Tails with the snazzy cocktail sauce along with a basket of fried crawfish with fries and toasted french bread.  Since Outback got rid of the crawfish pasta dish I loved so much, I am so happy to have a place to enjoy crawfish!  The 5-star rating is for their willingness to switch almost any dish to crawfish just for me.  Well, they will do the same for you as well.
5	I've ate here several times and the experience has always been pleasant.  The service is always friendly, usually pretty quick, not a very long wait (maybe once on a Friday night, but that's every restaurant in Charlotte) and the atmosphere is very fun, relaxed, and laid-back.  The fried pickle appetizer is AMAZING!!!!  I've ate fried pickles at every restaurant that serves them and razzoo's has the best by far.I always get the blacken'd chicken and cheese po'boy sandwich which I highly recommend!And last but not least...the little perk that gave my review it's 5th star is the crazy, fun drink menu!  This restaurant is worth checking out simply if you are having a movie night at concord mills with the girls and you want to grab a couple drinks before or after the movie, razzoo's is the perfect spot.  The fun drink menu has drinks for one or huge fish bowls for the entire group to share and they are all tasty.  Even better-razzoo's is in the parking lot of the movie theater so drinks and a movie without driving :). Hope you enjoy & happy yelping :)
4	Great lunch menu. Food here is always good but the service can be kind of hit or miss. They had one waitress named Jamie that was probably responsible for drawing in half of their business.
4	I'm not from Louisiana.  That being said, I love this place.  The food is always great!  The fried pickles are AMAZING.  The fried green beans are a close second.  Fried cat fish is the best I have EVER had.  All fish dishes I have ordered have been cooked and seasoned perfectly.  For dessert, if you have room, the peach bread pudding with rum sauce makes my taste buds scream with joy!  :DCaution:  If you are on a diet, avoid this place.  There are a couple of grilled dishes but most dishes are either fried, buttered and/or smothered in deliciousness.  YUM!
1	We wanted to like this place, but had a horrible experience.  Our bartenders took a few minutes to greet us, even though we were the only guests at the bar and a few feet away.  We ordered a few apps, the pickles and the fried crayfish tails, and really disliked both.  The breading on the crayfish was mushy and salty, and the tails themselves were flavorless, textureless, and colorless.  The pickles would have been ok, but they were mushy as well.  We told our bartender that we really didn't care for the crayfish, and her response was to say 'Oh,' and walk away. We've heard a lot of people say good things about it, and maybe we just chose bad dishes or the kitchen was having an off day, but I was completely disappointed.  We may go back again and amend the rating, but I'll have to wait until I've gotten the awful taste out of my mouth.
3	Very spicy food Good service nice atmosphere
1	NO MORE GATOR TAIL?!?!?!?! I used to love this place, their drinks were awesome, food is great, and the price isn't bad.  Now I have been informed they no longer will get gator tail.  No gator tail means i will not go back bummer
4	Great local beer i love that they have redoak on draft. The chicken ceasar salad has a unique taste and the chicken fried steak is normaly good. Only one time did i get a bad waitress and she just kind of ruined the night but the food is not to blame. Not authentic cajun but all and all good tasting food
4	I am a fan of their fried chicken which is covered in gravy and served with cajun green beans. A huge plate and BIG meal. The boneless chicken breast is pounded thin and fried perfectly. ...My waitress/bartender was super nice and the service made me feel special. How often do you say that?
3	pretty good food, the cajun pasta is my favorite! also, location is nice as its just outside the mall without mall pricing.
4	Being from New Orleans I'm never ever impressed with "cajun/creole" resturants outside of Louisiana. Going in my expectations were very low and I expected bland commercial cuisine. I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. The flavors were well developed. It wasnt just bland heavily spicy food. It has nothing on resturants in New Orleans. But generally places outside of the Boot don't. But I'd recommend it to a friend.
3	This place was nothing really to brag about the menus wasn't that extensive so I just  stuck with the fried shrimp.  The real  reason this place gets 3 stars is for the Gator Punch.  It's basically a fish bowl filled with alcohol and I was in love!!! The Gator Punch comes in two variations one for 2 people and one for 4 people (you can only buy it for a pair or more boooooooooo).  All in all the drink was amazing and even between me and another person we both still had a good buzz.  Your best bet skip the food and come for the drinks, but make sure you have a DD always drink responsibly.
3	BF and I have not been in awhile& had errands to run in Concord, so we decided to grab lunch.  We arrived and was seated promptly, but on the dead side of the  restaurant. We stayed and  did not complain. Our server was polite, but not on his A game.  We were starving and ordered an appetizer and the shrimp was just meh.  Our entrees were decent, just did not taste as  well we had remembered. The employees must have sensed we were just having a mediocre lunch because the manager came to our table. He offered a change to one of the entrees, but seemed like he was just going through the motions. We just paid and tipped well despite spotty service and decided we will probably not be back. Maybe we will try Cajun Queen for a spicy fix.
3	this was really really good, but the service is awful....we went in there last night with at 8pm...well after a dinner crowd, the place was not busy, we were seated and waited 15 minutes before sending my son to find a server...then after another few minutes I flagged down a manager who promptly got us a server, who was sorry and explained there was a mix up...15 minutes to get drinks, another 15 for apps and dinner came about 9:30...the manager did take our apps off our bill and the food was great, they did put our food order in as a rush, otherwise we may have still been there I am sure, they were very nice but the only reason why I would ever go back is the food was good if you have hours to kill it's worth it...
4	Cool eclectic decor...a cross between Beverly Hillbillies and Swamp People. The menu is very entertaining to read. There is plenty of room between tables so you're not sitting on top of other people. For some reason, I wasn't to adventurous so I got the chopped salad with ranch dressing (had some cajun spices). It was delicious! My brother got the andioulle red beans and rice and devoured it. Hubs got the catfish poboy and had nothing but good things to say about it. (it was huge).Biggest complement I can can give about this place was the service. We had an incredible waiter who was funny, informative and attentive. I'll definitely go back and try something else on the menu.
4	When it comes to Cajun and spicy food, I am a work in progress.  I'm attempting to get my palette better versed in spice.  My boyfriend and I were looking for a change in our typical go-to places when he suggested Razzoo's and boy, did he make a good suggestion!  He had the crawfish etoufee (amazing) and I had a Shrimp Po' Boy and it was MASSIVE.  It was delirious, well spiced and presented.Is it authentic?  I don't know - I hope to head to New Orleans this winter for a vacation but I can tell you I loved it.  We ate at the bar and the staff was great - They were quick to refill our beers and gave great service.  I loved it, I have been craving it since and I will be back!
4	Every time I'm I'm Charlotte I stop here! My favorite dishes are the red beans and rice, the rat toes and the oysters on the half shell. Service is great and the drinks are pretty good.
4	Came in for an ADRL race at ZMAX for the weekend, and was SURROUNDED by chain restaurants.  This place did not sound familiar, so I read some reviews and decided to try it.  The food was definitely good...had the tricky fish and a side of red beans and rice.  Both were good.  The rats tails appetizer was awesome also.  Good solid cajun flavor for being so far away from cajun country.
5	This place is amazing! The atmosphere is fun and inviting, the food is spectacular, even when they're busy you'll still get great service- what else can you ask for?I had the crab stuffed shrimp, which was honestly the best shrimp I've ever had and an order of the crawdad tails for an appetizer. Honestly, just incredible food, can't wait to go back!And don't forget to check out the cute tshirts for sale... I definitely bought two!
3	When I want fried everything, especially catfish, I head to Razzoo's.  I really enjoy the catfish and shrimp platter.  I have also had the tchopotoulis (sp?) which is a chicken dish that's very good.if you are headed here for gator tail, a dish they're well known for, call ahead.  On our last visit our very nice waitress informed us that there's currently a shortage from the farms who supply this unique meat.  It's very good, by the way, a little like a cross between chicken and shrimp.  As others have already mentioned, it's a lively atmosphere, neat decor, and a fun menu.  They also have some interesting mixed drinks.  Portions are big, so be prepared to leave with something to take home.  Laissez les bon temps rouler!
3	Overall a pretty good restaurant.  A bit salty at times.  Their fried catfish is pretty good but their baby back ribs are great, better than most places.
5	I absolutly love Razzos i have been going there for years and love everything from there wings and drinks to there salads and stuffed shrimp me and my bff are regulars before we hit the mall
5	This place has two things I love great drinks that come in huge glasses and TONS of alcohol and amazing Cajun seafood!!!I love this place! I always have a great time when I come, I look forward to trying new items and just having a good time! I love how the music is playing in the parking lot and you never know what is going to be written in the chalk outside the entrance. The employees open the door for you and greet you with a smile and then once you get inside, the decor is awesome! I always feel very inspired to take a trip to the bayou when I leave here! For starters we tried the Rat Toes....I will warn you if you don't LOVE spicy this is not the appetizer for you! Its jalapenos loaded with crab stuffing and then deep fried....a delicious sauce is on the side that kinda cools them down but they are packed with heat! To drink I recommend the Gator Punch...it's a huge bowl that reminds me of fruit punch with an alcohol kick. It is delicious....the fruity flavors and the liquor are a nice complement to the seafood!For our main entree I had the stuffed shrimp and my friend had the Catfish Platter. Both options are WINNERS in my book. The shrimp are stuffed with crab meat and then cooked with a sauce over rice....and served in a big skillet....does it get any better? The juices and sauce runs off the shrimp and seasons up the rice and put together is like a party in your mouth! The catfish is fried golden brown, with tons of flavor in the seasoning and batter. They come with jalapeno hush puppies and fries. You will literally be fighting over everyone's plate here, the service is great and all in all is just a good time! I really enjoyed my experience and always look forward to going back!
4	Shopping in Concord Mills and dropped in for dinner.First time here and we LOVE it!  Great Cajun food for a reasonable price. Nice size portion. Friendly staff. Seafood Gumbo is DELICIOUS!  We had fried pickle chip, Cajun Tricky fish which is a blackened cajun talapia over jambalaya rice and comes with veggie of the day and a big slice of buttered garlic toast. Cajun Skillet -andoullie sausage over dirty rice, red brean rice, corn on cob and buttered toast.  All was really good. Would definitely come back!
5	This place ain't bad at all!  Great food at great prices.  My husband and I went here a few weeks ago when we kicked off our annual Christmas shopping for the kids.  Those crab cakes are sooo yummy!  Hubby liked the food here better than what he got at one of the restaurants in New Orleans on his last business trip!  I got the Cajun Fried Chicken because it's not too spicy and as much as I like spice it don't like me; the chicken took up the entire plate!  They pound it flat and somehow you wind up with more chicken than you can possibly eat!  Maybe it's a perspective thing, I don't know.  What I DO know is I wound up taking over half of it home!If you're out near the Mills for holiday shopping and you want something different from the norm, try them out!  We noticed they have holiday catering offerings as well, like a whole Cajun turkey.  If we lived closer we'd take them up on that!
4	We LOVE Razzoo's. We wish they had one in Gastonia. Please come to Gastonia!Their stuffed fish is to DIE FOR! Everything on the menu is GREAT! The atmosphere is quirky and fun. The service is friendly and laid-back. We try to take out-of-towners here for good food and fun.
4	I paid this place a visit after I finished my Christmas shopping in less than an hour, not knowing what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The food and the service were both great. Seafood and Cajun food seems to be their thing and they do it right. Great place to go when you're in need of something different.
4	We love this place!! My husband and I visited New Orleans last Feb. and this place is quite authentic!! Lots of fired food but that's the best part.I had the fried catfish and shrimp basket and it was very good. My husband had the fried craw fish and the dip that came with it was very good. Almost like a bar b que but with a little something extra. Definitely worth the try. We will be returning!!
3	Everything is salty and the portions are HUGE along with the price. Always consistent but I feel like I always have eaten poorly .
2	**Service (3/5): well-meaning chain-dining from start to finish.**Food (2/5): my kids tried aligator and crawfish and thought they were fine. Why? They both just tasted like chicken nuggets. Raw oysters poor (shame on us), everything else lackluster.
4	I went to Concord, NC for a business trip recently and was at a loss when it came to dining options.I stumbled upon Razzoo's and must say....I was pleasantly surprised.From the gumbo to the rat toes to the seafood stuffed shrimp. It was all very good. Not healthy, but definitely tasty.If you're in Concord, NC and want to try some local flavors, then check out Razzoo's. The service is very friendly and the environment is casual.Kick back, relax, and enjoy.
4	Great place. Menu is awesome, goes with the atmosphere. Like all restaurants, minus a star for no local beer on draft. Mixed drinks place for sure.
3	I've heard great things about Razzoo's, but was hesitant to try. We finally made our way to Concord, in hopes of fulfilling my oyster and crawfish cravings. Upon entering the restaurant, I am automatically drawn to the relaxed, eclectic vibe. Glass bottles, barrels and ropes are amongst a few things that marry the entire atmosphere. I was pretty excited to have some cajun food and curious if Razzoo's could hold its own against my beloved Cajun Queen in Charlotte (yes, yes I know.. that's a pretty hard act to follow!). We ordered a dozen of raw oysters,  a pound of crawfish, the Tchoupitoulas and bread pudding between 2 people. Okay, now let's break it down! Raw Oysters: Oysters were delicious but sadly, a lot smaller than I expected. It comes with cocktail and horseradish sauce. Be careful with that horseradish! I got a major brain tingle lol ..not sure how else to explain it but let's just say wasabi is typically made from horseradish.Crawfish: Very flavorful basket of crawfish complemented by a few potatoes.. and only $6.49/lb! If you like spicy foods, try the crawfish in blazin' cajun! Remember, the crawfish isn't listed on the menu, but simply request a few pounds from your server! One pound is probably enough as an appetizer, but I would recommend at least 2 as a meal. Overall, the crawfish was quite tasty. If I just ate the tail then it would have been perfect, but since I normally eat the entire crawfish it was a bit salty.Tchoupitoulas: mmmm... probably my favorite part of the entire meal! A creamy drizzle over chicken breast on top a bed of potatoes, mushrooms and diced ham that was also marinated with a tasty sauce. So much flavor in every bite! A bowl of greens is also served with this dish - delightful! Bread Pudding: It makes absolutely no sense why this isn't served with ice cream! Thus, we added a scoop of vanilla ice cream (for an extra $1.50). The perfect combination of warm and cold in a sweet delight. The bread pudding was crunchy on the outside and fluffy/moist on the inside, exactly how dessert should be!Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Razzoo's. The environment and the tasty food are perfect reasons why this place draws such a crowd (along with alcohol served in giant fish bowls). Razzoo's definitely did surprise (good surprises) me as far as the quality for a franchise, but I would say Cajun Queen still holds my heart in Cajun/Creole cuisine. Nonetheless I enjoyed my dinner at Razzoo's and would give 3.5 if I could.
3	I would have given this place 4 stars but someone tripped with the Cajun seasoning and spilled it all over my Stuffed Shrimp. The stuffed shrimp was good but to spicy for me (I was told that wasn't the norm). My hubby had fish that he enjoyed. I also had a peach mason jar drink from the bar I was huge and I couldn't finish it. All in all a pretty good experience.
5	The greatest Cajun food in the east coast literally bought the taste of New Orleans to North Carolina the food is great and a must taste if you are in the area my friend took me there when I visited her from Jersey straight edible crack
4	Good place for some Cajun food!Location - far... Far in Concord :(Food - we came here for some crawfish, they call it craw daddies here. The seasoning is good, not the greatest.. But! Good enough for my husband and I to come back for some more. I just enhance the flavor of our crawfish with my homemade dipping sauce (mayo, squeeze in some fresh lemon, and their Cajun seasoning). Had a side of fried okras which were yummy. The big hype about the rat toes where okay, not my thing. My husband on the other hand liked it. Service - James, our waiter was cool. He took good care of us. Place - Cajun-y! It's like a Cajun shack restaurant, or more so, it is.
4	Good place to go. We ate after spending time at the mall and it was a good choice. The mall on Saturday though was a ver bad choice.
5	This place has a fantastic atmosphere and even better food!
4	Been here twice. I've found that it's a bit challenging at times to find good seafood in Charlotte. My first visit here I had the seafood combo platter. It hit the spot and I liked it very much. More recently, my wife heard that they had live crawfish. We went for it and it was delicious. The crawfish gets 4 stars from me. Overall I liked this place. The service was great. I like the decor inside and it's very casual. If you're craving catfish, shrimp, red beans, that sort of cuisine, you should check it out.
2	Franchised Cajun.Stick to the stuff that's been fried. Don't bother with blackened chicken chicken or fish, Razzoo's is all about the fryer. One star food.Cold beer and friendly staff salvaged a second star. Won't be back if I can help it.
3	I like this place more for the ambiance than the actual food. The food is ok- sometimes a little too heavy on the grease for my liking, but I guess that's how a lot of Cajun food is. If you're not big on greasy foods, the stuffed shrimp is great! You get about 10 shrimp on top of Cajun rice that are split and stuffed with crab meat, then are covered in a cream sauce. So good! I love the way the place is decorated and it really gets you in the mood for some fried okra and red beans and rice! They have a lot of fun things on the drink menu, and two specialty "beer 'ritas" where they fix a drink and then serve it with a bottle of beer turned upside down in it. Those are my favorite. If you go with a group, the best one is to get the Gator Punch in a fishbowl. It has 6 different liquors and is served in a fishbowl with extra long straws for everyone. It's worth coming here just for that!
3	Pretty good shrimp po boy, a little salty, but not unexpected at this place which fries about everything.  Looks like it could be fun at night.
5	I've been to Razzoo's twice. I love the Fish Ah Yee. Fried tilapia fish covered with creamy cajun shrimp & crab sauce, w/ rice & veggie d'jour. Yummy! Fried Pickle Puckers Yum!
4	Good food and fun atmosphere. Staff was polite but seemed annoyed at a large group for a birthday. Maybe work isn't where you want to be on a Saturday night, but that is your job. So maybe take a little pride in it.
3	I've always seen this place passing by the road going to/from Concord Mills but never tried it out until having time to experience lunch here the other day.  Interesting concept, but at least they go "all in" the place is very interesting to look at on the outside, at it continues inside.  First of all it is pretty big.  We sat in the area to the right and when I went to use the restroom, it was all the way across the place in a different dining room section - so this place is easily set up to handle a big crowd.  Lucky for us the lunch crowd wasn't too hoppin' that day.Our server was pretty nice and we started with the fried gator appetizer (not on the menu)... pretty darn good and comes with a tangy cocktail sauce.  I had the lunch portion of the hurricane shrimp that showed up in a hot cast iron skillet.  Props to Razzo for presentation, but I don't think any part of the dish was ever cooked in a skillet... I digress but it was still good non-the-less.  My friend had the chicken etouffe which was a huge serving (for lunch portions).  He cleaned up his plate so that's a pretty good sign.Though there wasn't a big lunch crowd, service was a little slow, but good thing we weren't in a hurry to do anything - it just gave us more time to look at the murals on the wall or the colorful glass bottles that adorn the booth dividers.Overall a solid dining experience, I dunno if the genre of food (cajun) is my cup-of tea, but I will definitely keep this place in mind if I am feeling adventurous.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Charlotte/Concord area. I enjoy Cajun type food versus the average "American" food. The staff is very friendly and they all wear cool T-shirts that they also sell. Sometimes there is a little bit of a wait time to get in, but for me it's worth it! I love the alligator and everyone I've taken to try it has also loved it including my two young daughters. It is very kid friendly which is always a plus for me. There menu is amazing and can be a little bit overwhelming! I'm a seafood kind of person so there are plenty of options. I enjoy this place and look forward to my next visit. I only live about 1/2 a mile from it so I plan on many more meals here!
5	Great food!  Love the crawfish fondue and Cajun skillet.
3	The etoufee made with crawfish is awesome. It's spicy but I liked the flavor. I've had it 3 times.I tried the shrimp creole once, but defiantly liked the etoufee better. It's not really my favorite quzine, but I like to go there occasionally for a change.The service is great, fast and friendly.  I would definitely go there again. Kind of a bar type atmosphere and my kids don't like spicy food at all.
4	Decent Cajun food at a descent price. What's not to like. Ordered one of the skillet options and it had a sampling of everything. Andouille sausage, shrimp etoufee, spicy etoufee and some smoky beans. Really enjoy it. Also enjoy the fried pickles. Our server was awesome and will probably return to try out their gator dinner.
5	LOVE this place.  The gator tale is definitely a must.  The staff is great. We were traveling back to SC from DC and were able to call in our order.  Sat down to gator tale and our fabulous meal soon followed.
4	As a resident of the Gulf Coast, I was a little skeptical of a Cajun restaurant in the Charlotte 'burbs. Razzoo's, however, turned out to be a pleasant surprise. In honor of LSU, I ate some gator for my appetizer. Lightly breaded, it allowed the gator taste to come through. My entree was the blackened chicken sandwich, which was dee-lish! The chicken was seared to perfection - crispy on the outside, and juicy on the inside. Razzoo's has a great ambiance (love the Mardi Gras bead chandeliers!), friendly service, and a manager who stops by to ensure that his customers are being treated right.If you find yourself near the Concord Mall, it's worth a stop.
4	Stopped here once with my brother-in-law and his two kids. Staff was great. Portions were larger than expected. Completely different atmosphere than Cajun Queen, but in our opinion  the food at Razzoo's is better.
4	I always come here when we they have crawfish in season. But all of their other dishes are great too. Tonight the service was a little off, but all in all dinner was still great as always.
4	Me and my friend enjoyed dining here tonight. Our sever was very friendly and did a great job waiting on us. The drinks and food were a good portion. All of the seafood we got were  seasoned just right and very delicious! I also enjoyed the good blues music.Good food, Good service, Good atmosphere. Great place!!
4	Awesome establishment for great food! Fun menu for all to try. I would definitely give the drinks a try, they come in a variety of fruity flavors and served in large glass, fish bowl and mason jars. Fondue dip is one of our favs for appetizer. Portions will not disappoint. And I guess if you're all want wanting to know, their crayfish is frozen. But it's not bad, it's a bit more on the dry side but well seasoned outside, considering our server told us, it's boiled. If you're used to Hot N Juicy like me. You can tell a difference. Right now it's 6.99/lb and you can get it regular or firecracker. It's not close to being Cajun fire so it's friendly all around.
4	Recently tried Razzoo's and I must say not bad at all. I decided to have the shrimp stuffed with crab stuffing. Pretty interesting I must say. You get about 8-9 large shrimp stuffed full of crab stuffing drizzeled with creole sauce over a skillet of rice. You also get a small bowl of buttery green beans and a slice of garlic bread for about $14.Just enough kick to it to ...though I am not a spicy food person.Definitely will try again :)
5	For starters, if you're going to eat here, I definitely recommend the Cajun fondue dip (shrimp or crawfish).  The dish is very flavorful, cheesy, and my all time favorite!  Also, be sure to save room for dessert because the zydeco dancer is to die for (if you're a cheesecake fan).  Overall -- the food, drinks, service, and atmosphere is always excellent, and the prices are very reasonable.  Needless to say, I've been here multiple times and have never had a problem!  Would definitely recommend it to a friend.
5	Love this restaurant!  Rat toes is a great spicy appetizer.  I always order a half order of shrimp brouchette.  The portions are enormous!  This is the only restaurant I go to that I have to have desert every time I go there, the peach bread pudding is the best!  I always split it too.  Reasonably priced, and a great dining experience.  Place has a New Orleans decoration theme going on.
4	I really like this place. Every time I visit Charlotte, I always have to visit here and the Concord Mills Mall. It is very unique and I had never heard of a Razoo's before until I went to this location. They have Louisiana Cajun style food. It is sorta like an Cajun Outback (but much better). They have good jalepeno hush puppies which are good. Prices are reasonable for the portion you get. I wish there was a Razoo's in SC!!!! I really want to try their frozen alcoholic beverages and their seafood gumbo. When I come back in town, I definitely will!
4	Fun atmosphere, good food, and good drinks! I had a watermelon drink that came in a mason jar which was delicious. Food is spicy, but good! Wish we had one nearby us.
2	Been coming here since they opened, but today will be my last visit.They no longer sell the fried catfish and shrimp all you can eat special.When I asked why I was told that it was an inconvenience for the staff.They had to return to the table too many times.I'm only one person, but if service is an inconvenience I'll not return.Shame too, the food has always been great.
5	5stars only because our waiter was flipping awesome!!! His name was john and he's in school for business great great great! Sadly I dnt like hot food lol I'm not a spicy food eater at all. I tried it though, our appetizers were fried crawfish tails oh they were soooo good && fried shrimp!!!!
5	My crew and I set around the bar because of the sweet decor. The bartender was great and had great recommendations. Next time I'm in this area, I will be coming back!
5	I really like this place and feel lucky that it's the only Razzos that open up out of Texas. I come here for the reasonably price crawfish and stuff shrimp. The drinks are pretty cool. They have fish bowls drinks that can be share with your gf. I never could pass up on their drink on weekend.
4	The food here is definately different....i loved the rat toes....i know it sounds disguisting but it jalepenos stuffed with chesse and deepfried but the jalepenos were huge...i ordered a cajun seafood dish and it,was delicious but I got so full off my drink and appitizzer I could hardly eat....but good try if you havent ever tryed them!
5	Food and service are great! Just be careful not order too much stuffs, their Cajun size is crazy huge.
5	We love to try something different and this was it without a chain feeling. Service was great with local beers on tap, Rat fingers were awesome and just spicy enough. Gator tail was delicious! Would go back again for sure.
5	Last minute idea and the food and service was outstanding! Ribs melted in your mouth chicken light and flaky and ice cold beer
4	Previous to trying multiple menu items my update is strictly to correct myself. They do indeed have authentic cajun food available here
4	Went here this pass weekend. It was really good. The waiters were very helpful and knowledgeable on the menu. Nice family style atmosphere. The food was great. We had the Creamy Cajun Crawfish fondue dip for an appetizer, and stuffed shrimp and stuffed fish for our dinner plates, which all was really...really good lol. You cant go wrong with this place. I'll definitely be back.
4	More great Cajun food. More trendy than need be, but it's good for a fun Saturday night. The mason jar drinks are great.
4	Surprisingly tasty cajun food. This place is located in Concord right by the big mall so the location is convenient. They offer a nice variety cajun and creole foods. I ordered Cajun Combo skillet and shared oysters for an appetizer with my family. The combo had grilled andouille sausage, shrimp creole, etouffe, red bean and rice, and veggies. It was definitely a lot of food. Everything was good and the service was very friendly. I would definitely go back next time I'm in the area.
3	Love the food and atmosphere, but they've continuously went up on their prices. Just doesn't seem worth it any longer. No reason why green beans, a piece of bread and small tilapia on rice should cost $14. That's a bit ridiculous. Unfortunately may be my last time visiting. Tricky Fish, my fav, went up an entire dollar in 1 month.
5	I  love this place.  I've never really had actual Cajun food from Louisiana, but this is the best place I've been too.  The drinks (alcoholic) are wonderful and reasonably priced.  I usually order the Jambalaya pasta with extra Andouille Sausage--- this place had me craving andouille sausage and I never  had it.  For lunch, I like the Zydeco pasta, and guess what? I'm adding the Andouille sausage! Also, the side of bread they have is amazing! I order extra of that.  I also tried the gator!  I order it ocassionally, I think it's pretty great.  They have a colorful atmosphere that I like and the staff is amazing as well.
3	My wife, my parents, and all my inlaw's threw a surprise birthday party for me here for my 30th birthday. I hadn't eaten here in almost 7 years so I was dying to try it. When we received our food, my wife had to send her food back because it was not prepared the way she had asked. My brother in law's food was cold, so we sent it back as well. When their food came back out, the manager came and apologized. My brother in law's food was fine. My wife's food was still not prepared correctly. The manager seemed to get a bit agitated bug quickly changed his tone and offered to bring her something else instead. She just decided to keep it and brought it home for me to eat at work the next day. The manager did however take care of our bills since we had problems with the food. The food was ok, but I don't know if I will be back.
5	I've been to the Razzoo's a bunch of times and have yet to have a problem or anything bad. Service is consistent and the food is always delicious. I'm not an expert on Cajun food but I know the blackened chicken pasta is awesome. The chef came out once and was mulling around talking to everyone asking how they liked what they had ordered and we got a chance to talk to him about the sauce used in the pasta dish. He explained how it was made and it is quite amazing that there is a chain restaurant that makes a sauce from scratch. It's cream based sauce spiced just right, not to hot. If you're in town for a speedway event or any other of the many attractions, be sure to give this dish a try. Bottom right hand side of the menu, comes in either chicken, shrimp or if you can't decide they'll do a little of both. Get a little extra sauce on the side!
