3	They had a sign out front that said "We Sell Slice." I'm down with your grammar, dude. The slice was pretty good and hearty but at $3 per, they were kinda pricey. The crust was heavier than a thin crust and more flaky, and the sauce was okay. The oil and texture suggested that the slice had been cooked twice, and I think you would strongly benefit from ordering a fresh pie if you brought enough crew to make that an appropriate order. Outside of the pie, the bread twists with pepperoni were damn good, probably better than the pizza. The acoustical tiles in the ceiling have seen better days, so it's not exactly an anniversary dinner spot if you get my drift, but a fine enough stop for slice on the way to the ballgame.
1	They do not honor their gift certificates.  They will happily sell them to you but if you try to redeem one they WILL NOT HONOR them when you try to use them.  The will actually try to sell you another gift certificate that is worth less for the same price instead of honoring the original one.I am not sure how the food is since I never got the chance to try it... but if the way they treat potential customers (by tricking them into buying worthless certificates) is indicative of the food I guess I am not missing much.  Thumbs down 100%.
2	Stopped in for a slice of pizza - the sign in the window indicates you can get pizza by the slice.Another restaurant in Pittsburgh that does not understand the concept of Air Conditioning. It was so hot and humid in here I was glad that all I ordered was one slice. The faster I could inhale it - the faster I was out of there.I asked what the options were for slices - I was told "cheese or  pepperoni." So I ordered one slice of pepperoni and got a bottle of cold water to go with it.The pizza was okay - could have been more pepperoni for my blood, and the pepperoni was the very small diameter stuff.
2	Delivered fast and hot.  Crust good sauce to sweet
3	I was in Pittsburgh for a conference, and wishing I had been in Philly instead, for a cheese-steak.  I had had a "Pittsburgh" cheese-steak, which was not the same. I decided to risk the cheese-steak in this place, which was at least conveniently located. I've had a better cheese-steak, but this one was in the top 10, and definitely scratched the itch.  This is definitely low-brow cuisine, so don't expect the top quality anything, let alone atmosphere, but you can get a basic grade of comfort food that might just make it for a reasonable price.  And if you are in the hotel next door, it can't be beat for convenience.
5	Giovanni's has great food! They're pizza is really really good. I always get pepperoni and mushroom. The sauce is sweet but it's good! They also carry calzones, stromboli's, wedgies, salads, wings, wraps, philly cheesesteaks, hoagies, pastas, white and gourmet pizzas. Their cheesesteaks are really good! You can choose from original, mushroom, pepper, mushroom pepper, pizza and cajun, They come with grilled onions and your choice of Cheez Whiz, provolone and American cheese and lettuce and tomato upon request. The club wrap is delicious too! It has turkey, ham, bacon, provolone, mozzarella, lettuce, tomato, onions and mayo on a spinach wrap. IT IS EPIC! They offer free fast delivery as well! All in all a great place!
2	This is the old standby for my work. Any time we order pizza it's from here. I'm not a fan personally. Too greasy (I understand pizza is meant to be greesy, but really??) and the sauce seems like it adds sugar and is just plain too sweet for my tastes. I like my pizza plain. Cheese, that's it; however work orders this "Pittsburgh pizza" which is quite interesting. Very primanti's like, so if you are in the mood for an adventure you should try it.
4	Was in town to see the Steelers, stopped by after the game (and couldn't get service at Jerome Bettis' place SMH) which might not have been that bad of a thing at all. I stopped in and ordered a meaty calzone, and was very impressed. It was loaded with pepperoni, salami, sausage, etc and as extremely tasty. If you're going to stay in downtown Pittsburgh, I'd highly recommend it...
1	I tried to order some food to be delivered and they would not deliver to my neighborhood. This location is downtown and  I live in Morningside which is about 15 minutes from downtown. When I asked if he delivered to Morningside he said he didn't know where that was. I told him it was close to Highland Park and he said he never heard of it and just hung up! Rude! I will never eat there now!
3	Pizza, pizza!This is usually my go-to lunch spot when I want to stuff my face full of tasty pizza. The best thing about Giovanni's is their lunch specials. Like most pizza joints they have an assortment of different options, but I always stick with the 2 slices and side salad for $6.99. The slices are HUGE. Now I always eat both, however, I am always full.If you like a sweet sauce then by all means place your order now. The dough is a traditional, hand-tossed pie which I love. I mean. What makes a pizza bad really?
5	This is some of the best pizza I've ever had in my life. Unbelievably delicious!
5	I hate salads.  But I'm getting fat, so I've been trying to incorporate them into my meat-and-potatoes (french fries) based diet.  Since I own no vegetables, I've been ordering out for my salads, growing weary of the stereotypical pizza place's pile of browned lettuce topped with a few limp, tired pieces of meat.That being said, the chicken salad I just ordered from Giovanni's is the best salad I've ever had.For the first time, I had to dig under a monstrous pile of chicken and cheese to find the lettuce, instead of the other way around.  I didn't even have to use the dressing (which I usually pile on to cover the taste of vegetable).  It's kind of pricey ($10) but it's a huge salad, and half of it filled me up.It may have negated the whole health factor I was shooting for.  But it was well worth it, for having a genuinely pleasant salad experience.  Thank you Giovanni's, you have just become my go-to salad take out.
4	I ate here this past Thursday before a show with a dining companion.  Upon walking into the restaurant there is not too much to notice except for the area where they cook and some old booths against a wall.  A closer inspection of the wall will show some nice Pittsburgh sports memorabilia though.For our pizza my dining companion and I decided upon the plain extra large cheese pizza.  The extra large pizza is a 18" pizza which may seem a bit much for two people but we easily gobbled it all up since it tasted so good.  What makes the Giovanni's pizza incredibly good is the sauce.  It could be described as slightly sweet but is really something that should be tasted instead of described.  The cheese is also satisfactory and the crust is thin but good.  I have been to Giovanni's many times before and it has never disappointed.  The only thing that is frustrating is having to sit and stare at it while the cheese cools down as it will otherwise not stay on the piece.The bottom line for me is that the pizza is fantastic and even though it is not much to look at, I will be back here again many times in the future as I would consider this the best pizza in the city.
3	Their tomato sauce is too sweet. I swear they pour sugar in it. Not a fan of that.
4	After striking out everywhere else on late night eats, Giovanni's was a hit.  Looks like most people come in for a slice or two...I see why:  they were in and out in a couple of minutes.  A whole pie took nearly a half hour of waiting.  But it was worth the wait...a tasty sweet sauce, chewy crust with garlic dipping sauce, and tiny pepperonis with a nice "snap" to them.  Nothing fancy here, this is your stereotypical pizza joint.
5	Visited from the south, and loved this pizza!  The folks are friendly, and the pizza was the best!  First time I had ever had fries on a pizza.  Definitely not health food, but fun as a treat on first trip to PA!
1	A friend and I were looking for a new pizza joint to try on Sunday night so we decided to give Giovanni's a shot. Unfortunately the food was not good in the least bit. We ordered a large pizza and a dozen wings (they have a special, that combo is $18). Half way through our first slice of pizza my friend and I both looked at each other and asked "what do you think?" We both said "not bad, but certainly not good." The pizza is your standard cheap cheese, meh, overly sweet sauce, and un-remarkable crust. We each had two pieces and haven't been able to bring ourselves to touch the left overs. The wings, much like the pizza, weren't bad but they weren't good. They were on the smaller side and the sauce (hot) lacked any sort of flavor. We opted to pick up the pizza rather than have it delivered. The interior of this restaurant is filthy. Everything that you touch is sticky and greasy, the floor is caked in dirt, and there were old food scraps (mushrooms, some cheese, a pizza crust, napkins) all over the floor by the cooler and cash register. The restaurant also had a funk to it. Giovanni's was worth a shot if only to find out that I should never order from here again.
4	My wife and I went to the cultural district last night for a date night. We stayed at the Renassiance Hotel and saw the Christmas Carol at the Byham Theater. We had a great dinner and saw a fantastic show.  On the way back to the hotel we needed a late night snack before bed.  We came upon Giovanni's. It looked like a standard dumpy pizza shop.  We grabbed two slices of pepperoni. The pizza was amazing. The sweet sauce is probably the best part of the pizza. For those of you who bash this place for their sauce, you have no right even commenting on pizza. You have no idea what your talking about. If you want some bland chunky sauce, stick to Pizza Hut. The pepperonis were the little crispy ones that I love. This place might be a bit dirty but the pizza speaks for itself. The slices were $3.00 a piece, but were huge. Worth every penny for downtown prices. Give this place a shot after a Bucco game or show, you will not be disappointed!
5	Ive eaten at Giovannis Pizza so many times but I've never written a review. I guess its about time right?Giovannis Pizza is delicious. You don't really have to dress up your pizza in toppings to be absolutely blown away by what they produce. A simple cheese pizza is full of flavor on its own. The tomato sauce that they use speaks for it self. Some may say its a bit too sweet but to each his own. I've never had a disappointing slice here and if they continue to do what they're doing I never will.
4	I get take out from this place about once a week, since they're one of the few places deliver free to my place.The hoagies are verryyy good and also the Pittsburgh style pizza is recommended. I guess the only thing I tried at didn't like was the specialty pizza.
2	So, I'm giving this place 2 stars only because their pizza is sort of decent.The first time I had the pizza, it was purchased by some of our vendors at my job.  They ordered a few different kinds - buffalo chicken, the ranchero, plain, and pepperoni.  I had a slice of the buff chick and a slice of the ranchero.  They were good, pretty tasty, and different from the usual.  I thought to myself, "Cool! A new place to have lunch every now & then!" So when a co-worker asked me if I wanted to order from Giovanni's for lunch, I jumped all over it. This time, however, I decided to go with the chicken tender salad.  Talk about a huge let down....As soon as I was handed the salad, which was thrown together in a see-through container, I could tell it was going to be sub-par.  Ready for the lineup of thrilling ingredients?  It was 4 chicken tenders (probably once frozen) thrown on top a bed of iceberg lettuce, a few shredded carrots, about a half pound of shredded mozzarella cheese, 3 cucumber slices (1 of which was about as thick as a deck of cards while the other 2 were thin enough to see through), and, drum roll please, croutons which had absolutely no flavor.  These tasted "homemade;" and by homemade, I mean they were made from bread that was left out over night, and then torn up into chunks.  I can't quite find the words to describe this salad...it was just....gross.I complained to a friend about how disappointing my salad was, and her response - "Well, why would you order a salad from a pizza joint?"  Well "friend," how about don't put food on your menu that tastes like garbage (and then have the nerve to charge $11 for it). If you're going to have a food business, be proud of what you do and what you're making.Anyhow, the pizza was decent...or maybe it just tasted better b/c it was free? I don't know...but what I do know is, I won't be ordering from here again.  I typically like to support local biz, but when you're serving me something I once ate at a grade school lunch (which was actually probably better than the salad I got here), don't expect to keep the customers coming back for more.
4	Went to Giovanni's after being in town for a Pirates game. It was my first night in Pittsburgh, and this place turned out to be a very pleasant surprise. A Pittsburgh local overheard me and my high school buddy talking about finding a pizza place, and recommended it to us. We each just got a couple of slices of plain pizza but once we started eating we were in awe of how good the pizza was. Unfortunately I cant speak to any other of their food, but the plain pizza was absolutely awesome. The sauce is a little sweet. This place definitely cares about the product they make. Although the building and actual restaurant is nothing special, the food is.
5	We had a catered pizza lunch at work today courtesy of the Downtown Giovanni's, and everything was off the hook! Their wings are also seriously the best I've ever had. I'm gonna get Darren to order from the one in Dormont since it's the closest one to us. They also have onion petals! Yummo!
4	Yummy pizza. The garlic dipping sauce and sweet pizza sauce go well together. It was delivered hot and crisy in half the time they said. Super nice woman who answered the phone.
2	Between the longer than expected waits for food, simpler than expected "side-salads", and overly sweet pizza sauce, I just don't get the attraction to this place.I've seen people both here and in person rave about this place, but I'm just not buying what their selling.It's just OK.
5	GREAT pizza, kind of a dingy little place downtown though. But the pizza is oh so good
4	Stopped in here for pizza at the recommendation of our limo driver for a bachelorette party. Took FOREVER to get the pizza. The sauce was SUPER sweet. And I like sweet sauce, but this was exceptionally sweet. But somehow, we all LOVED it. It was like crack. The pizza was gone in like 5 min it felt like. I'd order here again.
5	This place is the reason I no longer go to the grocery store.I love their pizza! It's just greasy (in a good way), cheesy, delicious pizza. And the fact that you can get it by the slice (for $2!) means I eat more pizza than a drunk frat boy.My fave is the bread twist. If you've ever fantasized about getting a Pizza Hut stuffed crust pizza that was just the stuffed crust -- this is basically it. Couldn't think of any better food!
5	Seriously my favorite pizza in downtown! It must be that sugar in their sauce that makes it so sweet and delicious with every single bite! We come here often for 2 slices of pepperoni that only sets us back $5 for 2 large slices! They also have a giant menu with many different options (typical pizza shop; hoagies, salads, wraps, fried appetizers, ect)One day I was feeling sick & we went somewhere different  for a cup soup for me and a slice of pizza for the other half. we were so disappointed in that pizza compared to Giovanni's! (we are sorry for abandoning you! Never again!!). I actually had the pleasure of deciding where to order pizza at my job for a conference meeting. After lunch, 4 different coworkers came up & said "where was that pizza from?!?!?" It's now officially our pizza delivery spot for conference meetings! Yay Giovanni's! :)
2	I don't see the allure of this place.  Don't like the taste, at all.  It's a walk-in pizzeria that . . . I don't know.  I got nothin'.  I'd rather have a Digiorno's.
2	When you are headed/leaving the stadium, just pass by this place.Pizza is mediocre at best.If you're starving, wasted, etc, grab a slice and get outta there.  I'm sure Pittsburgh has much better pizza than this place.Location. Location. Location. does not equal good pizza.They just got there first.
5	Real good, and real hot! Great staff, this is a very quaint little neighborhood pizzeria.
5	We were in town for a baseball game and looking for something on our way walking from ballpark to hotel. We ducked into Giovanni's and were prepared for some average pizza... OMG, we would probably drive back to PA just for that delicious sweet sauce. Perfect pizza from crust to cheese. Place is tiny and was packed with people waiting for their pies... I can imagine this place gets elbow to elbow at times. ONE TIP: Let the pizza cool before you eat it, pick up a hot slice and you lose all your cheese not to mention it's molten hot out of the oven. AMAZING.
1	We ordered delivery from this restaurant and mistakenly looked at the menu for the South Hills location (granted, our fault). We tried to order a spinach, feta, and tomato bread twist and were told that we would be charged an extra $5 because they would have to "specially make it" since it wasn't on their menu. We then tried to order a small buffalo chicken salad and were told it didn't exist, and we could order a regular sized one for $12 (it is listed on their menu as $10). They have a small grilled chicken salad, but no buffalo. How hard is it to add buffalo to the grilled chicken?!The food arrived and we had been charged incorrectly for the wings and the salad, the ice we requested didn't arrive, the pizza was cold, and one of the salads didn't come with the garlic bread or dressing. We called to request that they fix our order, and we were told that we were wrong. The manager was really argumentative, so finally we just asked for our money back. They told us because we had only ordered from them once (which wasn't true) we couldn't get our money back. Why does that even matter? They finally agreed to give us our money back but said they would pick up the food. WHAT?! You want the food back?! Why in the world would you return the food that we have already opened?We had eaten the small salad (which was a tiny, tiny salad for almost $8) so they told us we couldn't have our money back for it since it was eaten.The worst service I have ever, ever seen. I would recommend staying away from this place at all costs.
3	Decent quick lunch.This will be a quick and painless review, much like my experience at Giovanni's. I am usually looking for a quick cheap lunch downtown and am not left with a lot of good options.  Giovanni's looked promising so I ordered 2 slices of pepperoni.  The girls working were friendly and prompt and price was definitely fair.  The pizza itself was decent.  The crust was floppy and had absorbed a little too much grease from the cheese and pepperoni for my liking, but overall I'll say it was just above average.Wouldn't mind trying some of their other options, but I'll probably just grab another slice in a pinch.
4	Walking across town after a baseball game and in need of a bite to eat, we stumbled upon Giovanni's Pizza.  After a quick glance on Yelp to make sure this place was somewhat safe to try, we entered and queued up.  Options for a slice were limited to cheese or cheese & pepperoni.  I opted for the latter and within a few minutes was munching down on a delicious slice.  The crust was a traditional hand tossed, and the sauce was sweet.  I really enjoyed the sauce, but the edge of the crust was a little chewier than I prefer.  A little extra toasting of the crust would have appealed to me more, but it was delicious nonetheless.  Be sure to load up on the parmesan cheese, garlic power and Italian seasoning available at the register.
3	Been there several times for take out only--and have never been disappointed until my last visit.  I asked for Extra Sauce for my pasta and the guys in the OPEN kitchen gave the girl packing my food a hard time about it.  She had explained to them that previously I had received a clear plastic container halfway filled with sauce when requesting extra -- and this time I got a small salad dressing container.  Needless to say that after I was made to feel like I was a liar and how I should be charged for a SIDE---I walked out without my sauce thinking how ridiculous it was that asking for extra sauce could have caused such turmoil !  It's sauce for Gods sake for a pasta dinner that wasn't cheap.  The food that day lost its appeal in my eyes.  Not sure if I'll be going back.
4	Good greasy slices and it is cheap. But they wanted $4-5 for fries which was odd.If you want a cheap bite - slide in. Literally.
3	The Pros:They deliver to the North Shore (Allegheny Center Mall)They have a large selection of menu itemsGreat lunch specialsOnline orderingThe Cons:Inconsistency in service and deliveryMinimum order for delivery is higher then the price of the lunch specialsInconsistency in item size/quality at timesI first tried Giovanni's because my husband raved about it and wanted to go there before we hit an event downtown.  I am not the biggest pizza fan out there but I agreed to try.  We got a half sausage/half cheese and pepperoni pizza.  I enjoyed the taste of the sauce and it had a nice amount of meat on the pie.    In subsequent visits, I've tried the pasta, a hoagie and various salads.  None of the items would be rated as the best I've ever had somewhere, but they were all enjoyable. I have found that their pizzas taste best when consumed pretty quickly.  If you eat there, it is important to know there are very few tables and it can get chilly from the front door opening and closing. Overall an enjoyable experience and a go to place for me when ordering lunch to be delivered to Allegheny Center Mall.
4	Had their pizza and it was awesome. Wife had the wedge and also very good. I don't recommend eating their as it isn't very clean or comfortable. However, if you are going to carry out you will be pleased.
4	One of my favorite pizza places in Pittsburgh. It's a great place to stop in for a snack after a day of walking around the city for 4 or 5 hours.The staff has always been kind. I am a fan of their distinctive sauce. It has a nice sweetness. Slices are a nice size.
3	Food: 3.5Decor: 1.5Ambiance: 2Service: 3Value: 3
4	Pretty good pizza. One of the better pizza places in Pittsburgh. The pepperoni they use is pretty good. It is a nice cup and char.  Sauce is decent too.
2	This is the absolute, bar none, sweetest pizza ever. By sweet I mean sugary. The sauce is ridiculous. And I could tolerate it if it was the natural sweetness of tomatoes; it is not. They dumped an obscene amount of sugar in there. I couldn't even taste the cheese or the vegetables on the pizza. The only savory taste came from the meatballs, which were not that great. I also had their cheesecake. Not horrible, with a nice cheese tang, but again ungodly sweet for cheesecake. I ordered strawberry cheesecake. It came with a strawberry "topping", and that is used loosely. This had to be the worst topping/jam I have ever eaten. Nothing but sugar, and no fruit taste.
5	Best pizza. Got the traditional with light sauce extra cheese and peperoni extra crispy. We try different types pizza all the time from different places and this is hands down the best.
5	Amazing your pizza was perfect. Ordered a large pepperoni pizza last night, planning on getting another one tonight.
1	This was my second delivery experience with Giovanni's. First was cold, some raw, some burned, pizza for a group that was  redelivered in about the same condition. Lunch yesterday was ordered with a group. Most went un- eaten or was said to be just OK. Lots of comments wondering why something was ordered when it wasn't good last time. My hot sausage hoagie was cold. The shredded cheese was still in individual pieces as if just out of the package. The roll was toasted on top and soaked with something cold on the bottom to the point that it couldn't be held and fell apart if touched. I peeled most of it away and put what I had remaining from my $11.49 sandwich in our microwave so that it was edible. I'm done with Giovanni's. There are too many other places that want my business.
1	It's the most unfortunate of days when something you love betrays you. I absolutely loved their pizza. Sauce was sweet and delicious. I always recommend them to people looking for a pizza. But today was dooms day. After a long day at work I didn't wanna do anything expect watch the walking dead and cuddle and binge on some pizza and wings. We waited close to an hour for the food to arrive which I didn't mind cause like I said, I loved them. Walking up the steps to my apt a roach crawls up and out of the pizza box. I swear on everything holy. So I call them and tell them and to my surprise they don't even argue it they tell me to come get my money back. So already fuming I drive downtown from south side and get stuck in traffic in the 10st tunnel. When I get there we simply received an "I'm sorry" and a refund. What? Is that really all you had to say? A roach crawled out of my pizza box! Needless to say I'm never eating there again. Traumatized. I took my refund and went to Luke Wholeys and that kicked butt! My review for that soon to come haha.
4	Some of the best pizza I've had in awhile! They have the best sauce, it's so sweet! The only problem is that they charge a lot extra for toppings and ranch.
4	it was my first time ordering, as it was one of few open places  that opened 12:30 two day before christmas. It appears, from previous reviews, this place is hit or miss for delivery, but I was very impressed . Ordered a college special #2, the items arrived promptly (probably bc i was the only one ordering?), warm. Pizza, cheese rolls were tasty and a huge drink. Got me through writing a manuscript...will try again until they strike out.
