5	We noticed this sports bar open a couple of weeks ago so we decided to try it out.  When you walk in the place is very impressive.  They have TV's everywhere.  It seemed like the worst seat in house would have at least 5 tvs to watch.  They had a pretty good beer selection and they carry many more beers on draft than just light beers.   My wife ordered the coconut shrimp for her entre (an appetizer), and the edamame for an appetizer.  I got the Philly Cheesesteak.   The food was pretty good.  I really liked the fries that came with the Philly Cheesesteak.  Another thing I really liked was that if an employee walked by and noticed you had an empty plate or if it looked like you needed something they would help you out.  The waitress was not the only person who seemed to care about how you were doing.  I really hope they keep this up.  Overall I definitely will be a repeat customer.  Gilbert needed a place that was nice, laid back, good food, and good beer.
4	Really good atmosphere, and the staff was surprisingly cordial and welcoming.  One of the wait staff came over, while we were waiting for our table, and asked us if we wanted something from the bar.  We were seated shortly after having our drinks hand delivered.We both ordered the ribeye entree, after hearing great reviews from a coworker.The accompanying smashed potatoes were crispy on the outside, soft & tender on the inside. Perfectly salted and parmesaned (can you use cheese as an adjective?).Big stalks of broccoli, buttered, but undercooked, almost raw.Black & blue coleslaw was very good. If you like blue cheese then you'll love this. Looking forward to trying it on a pulled pork sandwich.Their ribeye was bursting with flavor. Tender & juicy. NOT what you'd expect from a neighborhood sports grill. The flavor rivaled Houston's. I can't say enough good things about it. We ordered it medium-rare, more on the rare side.The manager came to check on us twice.  Once when we had to return my wife's steak, as it was overcooked.  He was very accommodating and had the replacement out in record time.  With steak, sometimes this happens, but it is how you remedy the situation that makes for a great experience.I highly recommend Blue 32.
3	There are a lot of TVs at this place.  The TVs are playing sports of all different kinds.  If you are into this kind of thing, you will love it.  Thank God I am into this kind of thing.  The food is pretty good and above average for a sports bar.  The staff is very nice and best of all, my wife doesn't mind hanging here for awhile. They seem pretty busy and I am glad folks are supporting locals in their business.
3	Ok, first things first.  The food:  is great.  I had a philly cheesesteak which was one of the best I've had in the valley.  There are lots of flat screen tvs and the staff are not only courteous and nice but not bad to look at either.  My only complaint:  $5.50 for a shiner bock beer.  Where I come from that is highway robbery.  Now that didn't stop me from putting down a half dozen but lets be clear:  If you are looking to get your drink and it's not happy hour this is probably not the place for you.  Unless your wealthy.   The only I appreciate more than good food is cheap beer.  It just makes it that much colder and smoother.  So, I like the place and will go back but only during happy hour.
3	Very well put together sports bar with plenty of new flat panel HD tv's. There is a lot of good seating, and a nice bar. Your typical sports bar, but a little more upscale. There is a nice selection of varied food on the menu, from Rib-eye to wings to a nice selection of salad. An appetiser I would like to try is the buffalo shrimp as their wing sauce has a nice flavor, do not be scared of their hot sauce though, it's not hot. The wife had a Monte Cristo which was great. The beer selection is decent, with the domestic staples on draft and Shiner Bock, Blue Moon, Kiltlifter, Fat Tire, Guiness and perhaps another. The server, although very pretty was slooow, and the beer came even slower. My final pint came a few minutes after we finished eating and were ready to go, even though i ordered it just after my food came... I do eat somewhat fast, but come on!!!! Apparently although being a sports bar, they have not figured out how to keep the beer flowing. I will go there again for the food and the facility but more slow service would keep me from going back a third time...
4	I really expected crappy food, because, after all, that's what sports bars generally offer.  Then I was told that the food was not bad, but good!  Which only made me eye my table mates suspiciously.  I ordered the tacos al carbon which comes with cilantro lime rice.  these are three street taco sized dealies that have steak in them and come with a little shot of pico and queso.Now like I said, I expected crap.  But the tacos, with pico and queso poured on them, and grease dribbling out into a glorious puddle on the plate, were really amazingly good.  The steak bits were really tender--ordinarily in such a taco they'd be the tenderness of jerky.  Really: the tacos were totally sensational.Also, we ordered a buffalo chicken flatbread which is essentially a pizza.  And it was great!  even with the bleu cheese, which I detest, this was a culinary delight.So why the four stars, you ask?  two reasons.  One: the cilantro lime rice is offensively bad, like straight out of a box of rice-a-roni bad.  I would have preferred kibbles and bits as a side item.And one other thing: it was happy hour and for a while they were serving beer OUT OF PITCHERS THAT WERE IN THE REFRIGERATOR INSTEAD OF STRAIGHT OUT OF THE TAP!  Capital crime.  Felonious.  In fact, Dante wrote about a circle of hell where all they did was serve beer out of pitchers instead of straight from the tap.So you should know that although the beer serving would usually be a four star deduction and I'd never look back, I didn't drink beer tonight and so I really don't care if my table mates suffer.  But if you try that shit on me...Four stars.  The food is really damn good.
3	I wish there were a 3-1/2 star option! Blue 32's assets include a great atmosphere (lots of TVs but there's no blaring music or poor acoustics to compete with your conversation), an extensive menu (still bar food, but there are a lot of choices) and a great location in Gilbert. It's not as froo-froo as Zipp's but much more welcoming.The food was pretty good - I had a Buffalo chicken salad which wasn't quite as good as I get at BWW, but it was good. We also split the queso dip which unfortunately had no chili meat. It actually tasted like condensed cream of chicken soup. The people at our table who had burgers raved about them, and the fries were excellent. We were there during beer specials - they had the typical selection on tap which we appreciated.The service was decent - not outstanding but better than I've gotten in many places. We will be back soon (for football season) and often as it is probably the best choice in our area for sports bars.
4	Great food. Love the Buffalo chicken salad. Happy hour specials are $3 for edimame and $3 for Queso and chips.Plenty of choices of beer to choose from. Fun atmosphere, wish they had video  poker or trivia for those of us that are not that into every sport.  That would make it a 5 star for me.
4	I like Blue32.  More importantly, my 5 year old likes Blue32.  For the little ones, the steak bites are a good option.  For the bigger ones, I like their Monte Cristo.  It's one of the better Monte Cristos that I've had.  I also like their chessesteak sandwich.  Be sure to ask for this with jalapenos for an extra kick.  Also of note is the spinach artichoke dip, which is mostly cheese with some spinach and artichoke in it, but that's probably why I like it.  People who've had the burgers say they're very good.  Be forewarned, on days when the Cards are playing, getting a table can be a challenge.
4	In the year since Blue 32 opened in Gilbert, I've been there a handful of times. The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly and pleasant. They've got a good menu and a decent selection of beers on tap. As a sports bar, you can't ask for much more. TVs are everywhere and the staff is willing to tune a TV to the sporting event of your choice if it isn't already on. It's no surprise that this place is usually packed for big sporting events.
3	I've been to Blue 32 twice now... after my first experience I didn't want to review until I had a more complete picture. And here it is.... The first time I went, it was about 9pm on a Friday night. My boyfriend and I were at a dinner party beforehand and weren't ready to call it quits, so we stopped at Blue 32 for a couple beers. The place was nearly empty. We were 2 of about 10 people in the whole place and it was only 9pm on a weekend! So, needless to say, the atmosphere wasn't up to my expectations- very quiet for the time of day we were there. The last time I went, I met up with some friends for a Monday night Cardinals football game. Good thing a friend got there early to grab a table because the place was crowded. We sat in a booth, had some drinks, talked, and had dinner. I have a weakness for spinach artichoke dip, so when I saw it on the menu, I knew it had to be mine. Oh what a disappointment... it was very greasy and the bread that came with it was hard and almost chewy. The other people at the table got chicken wings and nachos and they were both decent, but nothing to rave on Yelp about. I'd go back, but only because it's so close to my house. Lots of TVs and comfortable seating.
4	Had lunch with friends today at Blue 32.  We sat there for waaaayyyy too long, but the staff made us feel welcome and kept asking if we needed anything else and offered us more drinks.It looks to be a great place for watching "the game" because there are plenty of TVs.The food is a step above bar food...but my sliders were very good.  We look forward to going again.
5	I love Blue 32!  It is a great place to watch any game!  The Nachos are to DIE for!  I have also had some type of buffalo wing pizza.  I have only been there after 10pm when so i do not know how there full menu is but for a late night snack and some beers.  Plus they have Guinness on tap!! ENOUGH SAID!!  ;)
2	No real atmosphere at all. Bar was constructed like a Kitchen Counter. Great TV's. I-Hop style menu. Staff was busy talking to each other most of the time I was there. I give the place another 6 months top to survive.
5	I recently had lunch on my birthday at Blue 32.  The food and service was exceptional!  We had a large group of people and everyone at the table raved about their food.  I had the tacos al carbon and they were awesome!  This was my 3rd or 4th visit to Blue 32 and I can't wait for the Scottsdale location to open next month.
4	The saturday evening crowd made this place hopping but we were able to find a high-top... we wanted to eat healthier (normally hard at a sports grill) and found the Ahi dish and the Grilled Shrimp dishes amazing.  Would recommend it to others and definitely will go back again!
3	This has turned in to our post volleyball regular spot basically for lack of options in the area. Thankfully, the food is edible and the drinks are strong. Service has been hit and miss but always friendly. Has potential to be a great neighborhood bar but needs a bit of finessing. So far I've only ordered off the appetizer and late night (after 10 p.m.) menus, but I do like their calamari and spinach dip. I've heard good things about the shrimp po' boy but can't vouch for it myself.The drinks are priced right IMHO. What can't you love about a double cocktail strong enough to give you the shivers and served up for less than $9?!They have lots of flat screens that are most tuned to ESPN and Fox Sports, and they supposedly show the major live sports events.Will keep my fingers crossed that it continues to improve.
4	The food was great, the bar tenders and waitresses are great. I just went there for dinner with some friends.  I had the pesto chicken pasta and it was fantastic. I also tried my friends wings that were great as well. It was a lot of fun to hang out there, but the prices for the beers were a bit much. If I went during happy hour, perhaps I would have been more drunk and more willing to pay $43 bucks (w/o tip) for 4 drinks and my dinner. Obviously I went there for dinner, so there weren't many sports games to be played on the 500 TVs (yes, this is a slight exaggeration, but there are a lot) in the bar. I'd imagine this place would be a BLAST to go to during football season. I'll have to give it a shot then.
3	Good food, good beer, but a little pricey.  Most of their food is worthy of four stars, they have a decent beer selection and know how to pour, and the service is good.  Considering their prices though, I have to give them more of an average rating.  I go here regularly because I live nearby, but I wouldn't drive very far out of my way for Blue 32.  I do really enjoy the 32 flat screen TVs.  It's a cool place to watch sports. I recommend the tacos, the sliders, and the nachos.
2	Been to this place many times last year. The only problem with this place is very very over price for what you get. Spend your time elsewhere and save yourself tons of $$$. The food and service is okay nothing to write about.
2	Tried the Scottsdale location with a co-worker of mine..... Food was AVERAGE at best.  Had the shrimp po-boy and he had black and blue burger.  His burger came out well done.  YUCK.  When he brought it up to server, she said all of our burgers are prepared medium well.  Would have been great if she stated that or asked when he ordered.  In all fairness she did offer to re order it.  We had to get going so he declined.  Dont think I will go back, too many options in this part of town with far superior food.
3	I've been here a few times for football games... Have to say I'm really not Impressed. The food and drinks are over priced... The service Is mediocre at best. I get really frustrated when my bartender asks me if I want another drink and when I say "yes" she waits 10 mins and asks me again... She was nice, but remembers nothing. I've never seen a manager on the floor, or even had one "touch my table." One thing that really set me off about this place is the fact they close at 10pm... At 930 i watched the bartender start turning away people that were coming in for drinks... the game wouldnt have even been over by 10pm. I dont understand how a sports bar closes so early...  The best thing about this place is the flatbread pizza... spin dip is a close 2nd.
4	I'm a fan. I just moved to Gilbert and have been scouring the area for good please to eat, drink, and be merry. I can pretty much do all 3 here. I went last night during happy hour and sat at the bar seeing I was alone. I wasn't very impressed with the choices on the happy hour menu but I ordered the boneless buffalo chicken wings with honey hot sauce and they were very delicious. All 8 pieces were very thick and juicy. I also ordered a few house margaritas on the rocks but unfortunately only "frozen" margaritas were part of happy hour. I kinda wish the bartender had pointed this out, but it doesn't really matter because she made each drink perfectly. I took every ones suggestions and ordered the Philly Cheese Steak which was very good. a little smaller than I expected yet packed with steak which was seasoned very well. Only real complaint about the sandwich is that I wish they mixed the cheese in with the steak rather than simply placing the steak on top of the cheese. next time I will ask them to mix it in. The fries that came with the meal were also very good. Almost like a flatter version of a steak fry. Looked to be fresh as some still had the skin on them. The prices were fairly high but they are not so high that it would prevent me from coming here again. It's still cheaper than Boston, MA (Where I just moved from). It seems like it would be a great place to watch a sporting even with a couple of buddies or even taking the girlfriend out on a quiet Wednesday night. Conversation at the bar with the bartender and patrons was fantastic as well. very personable people.
4	I have wonderful experiences every time and I am always excited to return to try more things on the menu. So far I have tried the calamari, boneless wings, regular wings, french fries, and their turkey reuben sandwich and all of them were DELICIOUS!I recommend this place to all of my friends in the area and the ones who have tried it have loved it.
5	5/2/12Thought it was time to update my review from a year or so ago so here goes.We still go to Blue 32 several times a week and have been coming here literally since the day it opened because we get consistently great food and great service.  Great food, great service and prices similar to others!  The servers here are wonderful and always take care of you. Lots of big screen TV's so you can watch your favorite games and food that is definitely not "bar" food.  The food ranges from sandwiches, burgers, chicken, steaks, fish, potato soup (best anywhere) BBQ ribs (also the best anywhere), fish tacos, etc etc etc. Don't forget the best Philly in town! Oh, and great salads too!  Did I mention that the food is great?Lots of selections for your beverage of choice and a good Happy Hour which ends at 7.  I believe reservations are accepted but don't quote me on that.They have now opened another B32 in Scottsdale which I finally had the opportunity to check out. It is larger overall with a much larger patio and has a very similar decor but not quite as "friendly" look from the outside. It has the same great menu and similarly friendly staff. On Fridays and game days there will be a wait but it's worth it.  :)
2	Craving a good burger and based on a co-workers advise decided to try out Blue 32 Sports Grill.Waitress was friendly and attentive. Since this was our first time here she explained how everything was fresh made on site. I always want an explanation of "seasonings" as some are "spicy" seasonings and I don't do spicy.The onion rings were seasoned with both black pepper and cayenne pepper. The onion rings were evenly sliced and had a nice "crunch" to them. After the 3rd onion ring they started really getting to "hot" for me. I would suggest using the cayenne pepper as an add-in for those who like spicy foods. I also ordered the Blue 32 Steak Sandwich. I expected to get thinly sliced  Steak instead I got something that resembled hamburger cubed steak. The mushrooms were not sliced but rather "cubed" . The onions were also chopped up. It would have been nice to have the mushrooms and onions sliced up and caramelized together on the grill then tossed in with grilled STEAK and cheese mixed in (instead the cheese was "blobbed" on"I am a mom that loves to cook and has a family that loves to eat my cooking. When I go out to eat (doesn't matter where) I want to have something that I either don't cook at home or just blows me away and makes me want to try cooking it home with equal or better restaurant results.I will give Blue 32 another try and see if my taste buds are telling me what others are saying.
4	My first review was done after my first visit, and shortly after they opened. Since then I've been to Blue 32 many times and it has truly grown on me, becoming one of my favorite places. The food is really good - especially the boneless wings and the onion rings. They even make their own bleu cheese for the wings - awesome. The beer selection is pretty good and the service is usually very good as well. It's a nice alternative to BWW but not as "chainy" and not nearly as loud. I wish the place was a bit closer to my house because I'd be there a lot more often.
5	I am not a sports person and I don't go for the thousands of TVs on the walls. I go purely for one thing: the calamari. My sister and I regularly go there for our lunch dates JUST for the calamari. It is always so tender and the batter is nice and flavorful, kinda salty but that doesn't bother us. We literally devour it within minutes. It's amaze!
3	Blue 32 offers a clean sports bar atmosphere with average, typical bar food.  Their happy hour is limited and does not offer a lot in the way of drink or food items.  The staff is friendly and attentive to your needs.  It gets extremely crowded on Fridays so go early or go late if you don't want to wait for a ridiculous amount of time.
4	We love to eat here when there's a game we want to watch. The service is great. Blue 32 has a menu that my wife and I both enjoy. Killer, High Def TVs are everywhere inside the restaurant.
5	I checked this place out with friend and loved it! Great atmosphere, best chocolate martini I have ever had made by Courtney, best spinach artichoke dip anywhere!
3	I like Blue 32.  I've never had a bad experience with the food or with the service.  I wouldn't say that either are stellar but they are good, for sure.My husband and I really enjoy their burgers, wings and they have this potato soup that is pretty delicious.  I haven't had much more that these and beer, so it's hard for me to review the food.  I don't recommend going late, if you're hungry.  They don't serve full menu after a certain time on Friday's and Saturday's but do serve nachos (not very good at all) and liqour.The service has always been good, even during busy game times.
4	Amazing food, (shrimp Po Boy)Very cleanTons of high end TV's with everything onHowever, I don't care for the crowd.  I don't know if it is because of the location, but there seem to be a bunch of snobs there.  Not to fun watching sports and having a bunch of social misfits in their little click.  The fun part about a sports bar for me is the atmosphere and the people.  It sucks here, but the food, building and everything else is great!If you are bringing your own friends, this place is for you.  If you are going there with just you and a friend, don't expect much for the people there.
3	Nice clean typical sports bar.  Tried this place on our son's recommendation.  Food was good but a little over priced. Soda pop was very watery. Service was just ok.  It seemed that the girls were more interested in gossiping than waiting on tables. We are not the sports bar type so with the loud atmosphere it is very unlikely that we will return.
5	Great service, atmosphere and of course great food. My wife and I decided on Blue 32 last night for dinner. We have been there many times, but we felt we needed to share our experience.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar having a few drinks and visiting other patrons. Around 9:50 we realized the kitchen would be closing. I asked Daniel and Baeley the bartenders what time the kitchen served "dinners" of course he stated 10:00pm "OOPS". But Daniel said they would prepare what ever we wanted.  I asked him to check to see if they have already started to clean up first. We do not like to ask the kitchen staff to prepare dinner if they had already began or completed clean up. Daniel returned to say that yes they had finished the grill, but he again repeated that they would still prepare anything we wanted. At that time we declined to have the kitchen staff prepare anything. But a moment later, Roman the chef came up to us and sincerely stated that he would be more than pleased to prepare whatever we wanted. Still we were not wanting to make such a request  that late, but with his sincere and friendly personality he still insisted that they were more than willing.  So we asked him to pick  and prepare something of his choice which turned out to be the best two burgers that we have enjoyed in a long time, a Bacon Cheese Burger and his speciality Texan Jalapeno  Burger both with extra crispy bacon just the way we like it. SOOOOO....we would highly recommend Blue 32 and it's staff including by name, Roman the chef and Daniel and Baeley the bartenders.  Every time we have gone to Blue 32 we have had nothing but a great experience, this place is a must!!!
4	I love how every category of the menu has some form of buffalo chicken.  Buffalo chicken wings appetizer, buffalo chicken salad, buffalo chicken sandwich, buffalo chicken wrap...  Of course, there are lots of other salads, sandwiches, wraps, and dishes on the menu, but they had me at buffalo chicken.I got the wrap and thought the buffalo sauce added a nice bit of flavor, but wasn't too hot.  The blue cheese in the wrap is delicious, but does take over a bit, so I'd only recommend this if you are a big blue cheese fan.  I got the wrap with steak fries which were nicely seasoned (i.e. salty, but not too salty).The service was great and the restaurant in general felt very clean and kept up. The bathroom was seemingly luxurious for this sports bar type of atmosphere.  There are 3 stalls in the ladies room with real walls and doors separating them.  Nice baby changing station in the stall by the sink.
4	We ended up here to watch the Packers/Giants game. Total random choice, and not a bad one! We had to wait a few minutes for a table, nothing major, and the food being delivered as we waited all looked delicious! Our table had a variety--burgers, sandwiches, sliders, mashed potatoes, fries, beer, soda, a bloody mary, and a long island. No bad choices or bad reviews. Service was good (Clint), quick on the refills, and checked in on us several times. Good atmosphere, every table had a view of at least one tv. May have to go check it out for a hockey game?!
4	Was out with my friends for a night of fun, but we needed to stop and get something to eat & just chat, so we wound up at Blue 32, never been here and what a nice little find. Great sports bar with lots of big TV's , do you know how many sports bars I have been in that had tiny TV's that the only people who can watch it was the ones at the bar, left me thinking what's the point.  But here in Blue 32 didn't matter where you sat, you could see the TV well! Oh yea! Our server was Katie and she was good at making sure our drinks were filled and that we were happy! Thanks Katie!I ordered the pastrami sliders came with pickle and had mustard on the bun with an order of fries. I am a pastrami lovin fool and these were good little sliders, but were light on the mustard, but asked Katie for a side and she brought me out a bottle! Nicely done!  Look forward to coming back and trying out different things!
4	Needed to grab some food after being at the Cigar Bar..was a nice sports bar.. I had the pastrami sliders and loaded french fries.. and OMG was it good! I want to try everything on thier menu! Their prices were good too!
5	Friendly place with good food. Try the grilled shrimp:) Watch out for the happy hour guys they have no social skills...lol
5	Great food, good drinks, friendly staff, and a great view of the games from every seat!
4	Awesome place.Great service.Food is really good, had a flat bread BBQ pizza, wow.I will be back
4	This place was pretty good.  I enjoyed the food, it was a switch from Zips for me, and I am alright with it.  I would rate the service 3 stars - but the poor girl had 8 golfers that were very demanding and belligerent, so I am not sure that was her fault...Definitely taking the family there next time.
3	It gets very packed for games and Friday happy hour.Blue 32 is a good sports bar, lots and lots of TVs, clean, nice decor The women's restroom is luxurious as far as restrooms in sports bars are concerned.  The service is just okay.Over Christmas they had these specialty drinks made with all the rich, decadent liquors.  One of them was a martini with graham cracker crust on the rim of the glass - I had two of those holiday spirits, sooo good!
4	Good food & good service.
5	Over the years Blue 32 has been in Gilbert I haven't found a single thing to complain about. The food is outstanding - every single time. The staff is friendly, wonderful, welcoming and accomodating. It seems the turnover is very low as the same faces have been serving for a long time. Everything on the menu is awesome. Literally - I have tried everything. And, best of all - it is superbly clean.
4	Each time we come here we are glad the service continues to be exempilary.The atmosphere is quite and with plenty of visual treats (tv's o plenty). Food has always been served hot and tasty! The servers are a treat to engage as well.
4	So we've been going to Blue 32 for years, and when they first opened, this was a 5 star sports bar, no question. Unfortunately with time the staff is slipping and food quality has gone down. Still a great place with great food, but it's gone from a "highly recommend" spot to a "good place to go". If you're there to watch a game (yeah, I know...in a sports bar?...how odd...) they have tons of good TVs well located throughout the dining area. Not sure what they do to the nachos,  but they're like crack! In fact I'm in NA (Nachos Anonymous) to try and break the habit. I hope they refocus and get back to what made them so popular...great food with great atmosphere, all in a sports bar.
4	Went back on this recent trip to Phoenix - food still stellar.  But, the service was again "meh" and they weren't busy.  I thought it might be have been the group next to us, but, no - the service is just so-so.  Probably the only reason it stands out is because I think the food, decor, etc, all earn 5 stars and the service is just not there.
5	I just moved to Gilbert from Snobsdale.  Yes I said Snobsdale!  I was pleasantly surprised by Blue 32!!!  This place would even do great is Snobsdale!!  (the people in Scottsdale are quite critical, hence one of the reasons I am in Gilbert raising my family now.)  This was so unexpected!  Great food, great decor, price was MUCH cheaper than comprable place in Scottsdale!  My wife couldn't believe it either.  PLeasantly surprised...I lived in gilbert from 1997-2003 and there was no decent eateries, sports bars or anything that was't a chain.  Glad to be back folks and I will be coming back to Blue 32 often!!  My 10 and 11 year old boys were even talking about our hot waitres...LOL!  GREAT SPOT!!
5	We have never had a bad thing to eat here.  Oh, I take that back. Over the years, things can't be perfect but on that rare occasion that something wasn't right or didn't live up to our expectation, apologies were made and the issue corrected.   Tonight, I had the pastrami sliders and a caesar salad..  the pastrami was fjantastic, not at all fatty. I was served 4 sandwiches which was a surprise based on the price and past experiences. I had only expected 3.  Glad we stopped in again and I know we'll be back again.
3	The food was good. I had a Steak Cesar salad. Just way too long of a wait for something that didn't blow me away, and a bit too crowded for my taste.
5	Blue 32 is our definite go-to sports bar AND restaurant - I cannot believe I have not written a review yet!  The service is most often top notch (we've had a few misses, but that can happen anywhere).  No matter where you are sitting, you can see a TV (or 8) easily.  The food gives you cravings that keep you coming back.Our favorite foods here:Country fried chicken. My fiance is from Kentucky and his mother and grandmother were executive chefs. He knows good fried chicken and raves about it here (it's almost better than his). Portion is so large, we often split (along with an appetizer).Boneless buffalo wings, hot. We get these literally every time we come. The breading is amazing. Sauce is perfect. Not a better way to start a meal at a sports bar. :)Carne asada dinner. It may not be quite 5 stars, but it's a good 4-4.5 stars every time we have it.Southwest Chicken Salad.  I would suggest asking for it with romaine. I don't know why they don't just change the menu so it is standard, but you can't win them all, I suppose.Burgers. 4 stars. Not perfect, but a good staple. We've had a few of them and have always been happy.
4	Great sports bar atmosphere, with an even better menu. The best chicken bacon avocado sandwich ever is here!  The grilled chicken alone (which is an option as a healthy entree) is marinated in a pineapple concoction, and makes it flavorful and fantastic!  The bacon is thick, Applewood smoked, and the sandwich comes with a generous portion of steak-cut, seasoned fries.  They also have a nice selection of local beers on tap - always nice to see Four Peaks' HopKnot IPA on draft!
3	Great atmosphere wonderful service. Food is very good. It's a keeper.
5	The Atmosphere: Dark, modern, but welcoming. There are about ninety elevated flat screens, with every game and the omnipresent SportsCenter. The bar area is spaced out very well, so everyone is not right on top of one another. The bar is a good size wrap around type.The Service: Excellent. Each time I've been in I've received personal service from friendly wait staff or bartenders. The managers greet customers as well, and the staff seems to be a great team.The Food: Good. Nothing mind blowing, but above average. Fresh meat, good sauces, and good veggies. You don't come here for a culinary experience anyway, but you'll leave full and happy. The Drinks: Good prices even outside of happy hour. Small tap selection, but this is Gilbert. They have chilled mugs, which is cool. Overall: Blue 32 exceeds my expectations whenever I go in. All in all, it provides a cool sports bar contrast to the pub next door.
2	Versatile menu - mediocre food & table service was tiring.  We had to ask for everything, nothing offered and extra charge for ranch dressing with the wings because they serve them with ranch.  Relaxed atmosphere with a lot of nice TVs. Good place for watching games & having a beer at the bar but not recommened if you are going for dinner.  Our birthday party of 16 was split into 2 tables which was very awkward, especially when you can see that if they moved a couple tables around they could have accomodated us to sit together.  Our dirty plates were left on the table even though our server had come and gone several times.  I ended up stacking them and handing them to her so we had room for dessert - birthday brownie (delicious) came with 4 spoons - we had to request more when she finally came back.  By the time we got the spoons the ice cream was melted.  Maybe because gratuity is included on large parties she just didn't care to give good service?
1	NEVER AGAIN!  I'm thinking BANQUET microwave meals.  Nice service though!  Good atmosphere.  I just don't know what Arizonians are thinking other than the beer is cold!
4	Blue 32 is quickly becoming one of the "go-to" bars in Gilbert. The beer selection features local brews as well as the usual national brands (+ the ubiquitous Bud Light) and the menu goes way beyond the usual bar food. The wait-staff is well trained, friendly and helpful - but never give one the feeling as if they are trying to turn the table as fast as possible.
5	This place is great for football - they have plenty of screens and give you a TV layout of which games are on which TV. If you get there early enough, you've got your pick of tables so that you can watch whatever game you want.The morning games are easier to get a table then the afternoon ones - when we left, there was a line out the door and people were pouncing on you to see if you were staying for the afternoon games or leaving.The food was good too, and they serve a breakfast menu till 10:30.
2	Good and friendly service but food tastes like it's been frozen and heated in microwave. Seriously, not sure what exactly was wrong with last night's meal but one thing it lacked was flavor. My sister ordered the bruchetta, which is their version of bruchetta. This stuff was soggy and more like a buttery garlic bread. My philly cheesesteak didnt have hardly any onions or peppers in it so I had to ask for more, believing these ingredients would give it more flavor. Didn't work. I think if I go back I'll just order the wings and stick to that kind of bar food.
4	A great place to watch the game but if they are busy (Sundays during football season) you have to get there extremely early to find a seat, otherwise forget about it.
5	This is a great place to get a cold beer and watch a game. The food is very good the 3 times I have been there and the service is excellent.
4	the pulled pork was a gift from God, the blackened chicken salad was worthy of any resort and the onion rings....wow, a uniques breading and perfect compliment to the sandwich I had. I was working in this part of town, but will definitely be going to the  one closer to me in North Scottsdale. The fries really needed to be hotter (temp) as they are a nice thick cut and seasoned, but that was the only thing keeping this rating from being 5 star. Very attentive but courteous service and all the sports you could focus on and still eat.
4	Blue 32 is one of my favorite spots. Try the steak tacos; you won't regret it. I like to get fries instead of the rice.
5	My husband and I order food to go a lot from Blue 32. Whenever I've gone in to get our food, everyone is very friendly and always checks to make sure I've been helped. They are very courteous on the phone even when they are extremely busy. We've eaten in the restaurant a few times and had a great experience each time. Great service and great food! Thanks guys!!
4	Great happy hour and service. Get the black and bleu burger
4	If you're looking for a nice sports bar that is a step up from Natives or Buffalo Wild wings, this is your place.  Natives and BWW are nice when you want the down and dirty bare bones experience like in your college days for wings and such.  But now you're not in college, time to upgrade your sports bar and palate. LOTS of TV with lots of channels for sports.  Big bar area with TVs or booth seating for just family dining.  The menu for food is impressive, the burgers are big and juicy, wings are ok. fries are ok.  But they have just a big menu for everything and the quality tastes just better then Natives or BWW.  The beer selection is good, and for mixed drinks they're decent.  And its CLEAN!Pros:-LOTS OF TVS (think wall to wall)-good food (esp the burgers)-big selections of beer-spacious bar and regular dining areaCons:-CLOSES AT EARLY (or earlier than most)- gets very crowded during big games so there might be a wait-parking lot can get full real quick
5	Classy, clean sports bar with great food and great service. I have been here many times and was just there again this past weekend. We had about 15 people in our party and we were seated right away. Our waitress, Dalice was very friendly and didn't miss a thing. Drinks were brought out quickly and the refills just kept coming. All the food orders came out in a decent time frame and not one person had anything bad to say about the food. I had the buffalo chicken wrap. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it had just the right amount of sauce on it. I am not a sports fan so I don't care about the TV's and the set up but I did notice that no matter where you sat you had a view of multiple TV's. Another great experience at Blue 32!
4	Sat at the bar were very surprised by our mediochre service.  Food was spectacular.
5	Great grilled chicken sandwich, buffalo chicken rocks and the philly cheese steak is wicked good!!! Great service as well.
5	If you have never been to Blue32, you have never had the Best Burger in Gilbert...oh Hell, in the Southeast Valley! I'm not talking about a burger with all the fixing's or smothered in mouth watering sauces. I'm talking about the taste and flavor of the burger alone! To me, a Burger is Good, when it doesn't need anything to make it better. Aside from my homemade burgers, these burgers are the BEST around! Tired of hearing about the Burgers? Blue32 is just a casual, great place to watch a game, have a Beer (or a few), and eat some delicious appetizers. The Hot Wings, Sliders, Chicken Quesadillas, Ahi Tuna, Calamari, and Onion Rings are all great, to name a few. The Tacos Al Carbon leave you wanting more and the Prime Rib Special (not on menu) was to die for! All in All, Blue32 is a great Sports Bar and Grill that specializes in serving quality food with friendly service. Two Thumbs Up...WAY UP! ;)
4	Everything I have ordered has been delicous, The ribs are some of the best Ive had.
1	This is one of the loudest, echoing sports bars I have ever been to; pretty bad when the first thing you notice when you walk in is the noise level and I have been here 3 times.  Even if I am out to enjoy a game with my friends, I don't want to have to yell across the table at them. The waiter was excellent and very friendly but I will not be going back.
4	We love this place.  The food is great--portabello mushroom sandwich is great, fries are crunchy, blackened salmon is very good.  Honey b-barbeque wings are good.  Service is friendly and attentive.  They make sure you know when happy hour is ending so you can order if you need to.  Only negative is that wine list is non-existent and house wine is mediocre.  Also can be noisy especially on Friday nights.
3	Apparently this is the place to be on a Friday night in Gilbert because it was packed by 6:00pm. To my surprise, that didn't affect the service; our waitress was friendly, attentive and ready to serve! The service is 5 star, but the food we ordered was 3.75 stars. We had a dz wings (honey hot grilled) that probably wouldve been better if we opted for the non grilled version. The grilled version was dry and OVER charred. In addition, the wings are on the smaller size. I'm used to ATL wings in Chandler...On the bright side, we liked the calamari we ordered and noticed all the food at other tables looked VERY appetizing!Will I return? YES! A place that crowded can't be doing everything mediocre.
3	Extremely busy on Friday and Saturday nights.  Hard to find seating.  Nice beer selection and the burgers were good.  Pricing was ok for the quality of the food.  It was fairly noisy for conversation.  Good views of the TV's to catch a game.  Definitely worth checking out.  Service was good especially for as busy as they were.
5	Great Father's Day meal, thanks! AND Thank You to Casey for the wonderful service!
5	Can't say anything bad. Always have a great experience.
4	Blue 32 proved to be a welcome change to the common sports bar.  I was very impressed with the decor and Menu selection.  I would have given a five star rating, but on this visit the service was a bit out of sorts.  I will be back to try more of the delicious fare.
5	This is a really cool spot, and well worth checking out.  The burgers are good and the staff is friendly.  I highly recommend going on taco tuesday for happy hour and getting some of the carne asada tacos as they are completely awesome.  Every time I've been it's been pretty busy, so if you want a spot at the bar come before the after-work rush...
3	Best fried onion rings I've had.  The only thing on their menu I'd eat were the fish tacos.  They were alright.  If they offered the option of changing any of their burgers to a veggie burger, I'd be here at least once a week.  Sports TVs were all over.  Normally I have to sit on the side that can't see the TV because my bf likes to watch sports.  It didn't really matter where you sat, you could see the TV.  That said, they didn't offer the HBO fight between Silva and what's his bucket, so we didn't stay one time.  The time we did stay, the table near us had a screaming kid.  We came in around late lunch time, but this kid was there before we got there and stayed after we left.  He was screaming the whole time.  I wish there was a way to keep screaming kids out of resturaunts, kind of like no smoking, no screaming progeny. Not the resturaunt's fault.  I'll come back when I have a craving for frickin' brilliant onion rings.  Otherwise, not worth it for this pescatarian.
4	This is an above average sports bar/restaurant. There are tons of TVs showing sports even at the booths. The happy hour is good and their nachos were delicious.  They are also relatively cheap without compromising on the taste of their food.
5	Boy oh boy... my opinion on Blue 32 has changed since my review 3 years ago. I love this place. I'm there at least 3x/month and NOT just because it's so close to my house. Their nachos are my favorite.... yes, my favorite... anywhere. The ground beef has so much frickin' flavor. Nom! Another favorite is the boneless wings. If they had a "Boneless Wings Anonymous", I think I'd be forced to attend. The wings at Blue 32 live up to my standards. The service has always been great as well. It gets busy during happy hour and all sports games, so come early if you don't want to wait awhile for a table. The bar area is open seating, so stalk those tables when you walk in.
4	NICE sports bar!  There were lots of tv's for your viewing pleasure.  I had the Greek salad with chicken and my companion had the southwest salad.  Both were bountiful and the chicken was nice and tender!
3	Sports bar...they serve food.  Food is better than average.  What else can you say?
5	First let me chuckle at the reviews that rate it low because it's busy or loud.  Folks....REALLY?  Seriously you rate this place low because you can't sit right down on a weekend night you have some issues. If an empty quiet place is what you are looking for Burger King and Harveys right next door to Blue may be the spot for you. ..Okay first service is always top notch.   The servers are great, friendly, attentive and most importantly  knowledgeable on ALL of the menu items. Is the food gourmet?  Nope it is a sports bar, but personally I have not found a place that compares the quality and taste of the food at this place.  I am not kidding, there is not one menu item that I have tried that I haven't enjoyed.  My personal favorites, boneless wings, grilled mahi tacos, buffalo chicken flat bread pizza and pasta alfredo.  This is by far my families and my favorite dinner spot and it seems by the crowds many agree with me.
5	First of all, this is a sports bar and you should expect as much going in. That said, as sports bars go, this one earns all 5 stars. My husband and I come here pretty often, and we are never disappointed. The service is always excellent and the food is consistent and good. Lately I've been having a love affair with fish tacos, and the Mahi tacos here are awesome. My husband usually gets a burger or the buffalo chicken flat-bread, and he is always happy.One thing I really appreciate about this place is that as far as I can tell, the food tastes like it was made from scratch. It's not like typical bar food that moved right from the freezer to fryer. They put a little more effort than most into the food, and you can taste the difference.Is it crowded? Sometimes. Is it loud? Usually. Is it worth a try? Absolutely..
5	Great environment with lots of large televisions but amazingly is not overpowered with noise. The Beer is cold and the food has always been consistently solid. We really enjoy the Nachos, the flavor of the meat. Is excellent and the cheese is plentiful. We have also had the soups, the potato soup is very well done.
5	HORRIBLE! Do not go here! Especially for Happy Hour! We do not need anyone else finding out about this place! Honestly, if there is one bad thing about this spot - it is that it is so good that it's becoming really really popular , especially during happy hour. This is probably due to great appetizers and specials on them, good drinks and draft selection, and very friendly and attentive employees. It truly can be challenging finding a parking place and a seat at the bar, but it was well worth it in my view. I'm hoping their next East Valley location will help spread out the clientele in the area. Everything we have had during happy hour is always great, from cheese fries to Buffalo shrimp to Calamari and more. (Just please don't tell anyone!)
5	This is my favorite restaurant hands down. Whomever put this menu together was genius. The flavors in the food and mixture of ingredients is perfect. Not your average sports bar...DELICIOUS!!!!
5	This place is great. The service is always good, ton of TV's where TV's should be. The philly cheesesteak is really good. If you want to try something different go for the Monte Cristo. They have Four peaks pumpkinporter too.....Burgers and the rest are on point.
4	As far as sports bars go, this is a very good one. The food is good, fresh, and made by people (not defrosted and reheated like many sports bars). The service is friendly and there are TVs everywhere. It's a little pricier than you'd expect but worth it for the quality you receive.
5	I regularly go here for lunch with friendsGreat atmosphere and very clean The service is excellent every time Five star bar in Gilbert
5	Great place to come to watch a game. Tons of TVs with every game on. Great food and drinks. Awesome service. Food came out fast and was delicious. Lots of options for food. Was seated quickly on a Saturday night.
4	Everything I have tried has been good, even the broccoli.  My wife had the salmon today, we are kind of snobs when it comes to fish and this passed the test.  My friend loves the black and blue coleslaw.  I wish there were some bigger personalities on the staff but they are all nice and helpful.
5	I love watching football at sports bars. Went last week for MNF and was happy with my choice. Yes it was packed. Yes it was loud. But it's Monday. Football. What do you expect? Our server was friendly and helpful. Got our happy hour orders in quickly. Beer was yummy and cold... perfect. For food we ordered lots of different apps. I agree this is better than average bar food. Chips and queso were deelish. We had 2 orders. Also had calamari, buffalo shrimp, fries, sweet potato fries, and a salad. I feel like we had something else but I don't remember. That is a result of the cold yummy beer haha. All really, really good. I'll go back and maybe sit in the bar part. Fun place. If I have one gripe it's that they don't have one main tv screen. But there are so many that basically anywhere you sit has a view of any game. Good times.
4	Popped in here after walking out of Harvey's next door.  Couldn't have been more different; attentive service, fun atmosphere, good food and appropriate for all ages (our grand-kids were with us!).  Will definitely return.
4	Beers and burgers, yes sir! There is actually something delicious on the menu that I had never tried before and didnt sound good, but it changed my life. Philly cheesesteak salad! This is a real mans salad and I loved every bite! Meaty cheesy delicious! I told the server a better name for it would be Meat Lettuce. She LOL'd but its still the Philly on the menu. ; )
5	By far the best sports bar in the east valley.  The food is amazing and the service has always been great.  Once you try Blue 32 it will be your favorite place to go watch a game with your homeboys or to take your wife out for a amazing steak dinner.  The best of both worlds.
5	the server totally gave us the happy hour prices on our first round even though we rolled in at like 19:01 which instantly wins my vote.  my wife was very pleased with how well lit and clean the whole place was, and the food was a cut above what you'd expect for a sports bar.  definitely going to try here again because the lunch specials look great!
4	I came here with a friend a few days ago for dinner and drinks. I found it on Yelp of course. =)I wasn't that hungry so I ordered the chicken tenders and my friend ordered the fish and chips. The chicken tenders were ok. I wish they were a little bit crispier. For drinks I ordered the Fresh Strawberry martini. I loveddddd it. Not only was it well worth the $9 but it was made with fresh strawberries which I loved. My friend ordered the Appletini which was also quite tasty. I would definitely come back for their drinks. They do have a happy hour Monday-Friday from 3-7 which I'd like to come back for the drinks again and to try their appetizers.The only thing that got me was we got charged for sides of ranch. I ordered chicken tenders so I felt that it should've already come with the meal not be charged extra. The service was really good. Our waitress was really friendly. It's a really good place to just hang out and watch a game for all you sports lovers. =)
5	We were craving fish n' chips today....so yelp'd it...Blue 32 Sports Grill came up and we finally decided it was time to try this restaurant thats super closer to our home.We both ordered the fish and chips - the fish was beer battered and cooked to perfections. The fries were also delicious. I really enjoyed the coleslaw as well :) Overall our first experience was great! We can't wait to go back
5	Best "so called" Sport Bar in the valley ... an its in my back yard ...thats why it gets my 5 star attention. The moron's that rate it any lower ... stay the hell out of my bar!They have 4 Peak's beer on tap, stiff pour drinks, great service, a small yet diverse menu (and get this) ... grind their own angus beef & fresh dip onion rings. Who does that?If you like the taste of fresh quality beef, I've found no better burgers in town. Order them with no sauce and revel in there beefy goodness. On the lighter side, order the Mahi taco's. If you want to taste the quality of the fish special order them with "very light' seasoning. That mean's no canjun seasoning, ask them for even reduced quantity of their normal salt & pepper. This goes for all their seafood IMO. You can thank me later, I'll be at the bar.
5	My favorite sports bar! Food here is awesome, most items are made fresh in-house. Service is excellent every time. Their buffalo sauce is amazing and must be sampled, one of my favorite buffalo sauces! You can't go wrong with Blue32
4	We went on a Friday night around 6:30pm and there was a 20min wait, which is a good sign. We ordered a drink at the very full bar (quick service btw) and hung out until our buzzer went off but we spotted a free bar table which was first-come first-serve. We were greeted as soon as we sat down by our server who was super energetic and friendly. He was also very attentive even though he was busy, which we greatly appreciated. My husband and I shared the calamari (standard but yummy), and I had a ceasar salad (basic)  and black & blue burger (packed with flavor and quality patty). My husband had the monte cristo sandwich with onion rings (perfectly cooked and plentiful) which he said the sandwich was nicely done with a great jam. Only thing is that the crust could have been a little more crispy. The whole bill with 4 beers was only $52!
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while because I've heard good things about the food- and it didn't disappoint!Had a buffalo chicken salad and it was great!! I will definitely come back and order that salad again. Ordered a side of french fries and they are awesome! Hubby had the Kobe Beef dog and scarfed it down- said he loved it! Definitely add cheese!We will be back- close to home, good atmosphere, service was great and the food was worth driving for. Loved it!!
3	Nothing special. It is a little spendy though.
3	My son and I stopped in on the way home from freestone park, after reading the yelp reviews. Atmosphere was much nicer than a typical sports bar and the food was great. Again, not expecting much because it's a sports bar, but we had a restaurant quality dinner. I had the Tacos Al Carbon, he had a chicken ceaser. Food gets 5 starts, for sports bar food. However, my beer was grossly overpriced IMO. Happy hour price for 16oz draft was 4.25. The exact same beer on Taco Tuesday at El Palacio is 2.25. And domestics at 3.25 are overpriced too, the same domestics at BWW during happy hour are only $3 for a 22oz tall one! I have no clue what regular prices are, but for happy hour, I'm not all that happy. Great for food, not so great if you plan to have a few beers. Dinner for two, with two beers was $47. That's a bit steep for a sports bar.
3	If you're looking for beer and a ton if tv's Blue 32 is a good spot to settle at. The three stars is simply because much like most sports bars, the food is very average. It's not bad food, just not great either. If your focus is a game and a cold beverage you'll be happy.
5	The BEST!! I can't even count the number of times I have been here, and it's incredible every time! My husband was here for their opening and we have been hooked ever since. I am the type of person who always orders the same thing at restaurants.  Blue 32 is the only exception!! We have tried almost everything on the menu and have NEVER been disappointed!! If you don't try Blue 32, you are obviously crazy!!!
2	I read the reviews in advance. Maybe I needed to delve into the menu, but I just wasn't too impressed due to a couple factors . . . PROS: plenty of TVs; friendly service; beer was fresh/cold; chips/queso were okay; clean facilityCONS: chicken wings must have been to Jenny Craig before they went to the wing factory . . . meat on the bone was sparse--paltry--disappointing . . . The bar volume was set to 11. Seriously, I found it hard hear my colleague above the din of our fellow diners. Annoying.Fellow Yelpers are pretty big on this place--perhaps the menu has some gems worth trying. My experience, however, did not inspire me . . . Cheers!RS
5	We've been here several times and it's always good. There have been a couple of times we've had to wait to be seated at odd times, but they've done well flipping tables while not making us feel rushed. My husband always orders the Wing Burger and absolutely loves it. I've ordered several different items and have always been pleased. The Chips and Queso and Bruschetta are really good as well and both have their own uniqueness. They also have a bunch of beers on tap, which is always nice!
5	Went for the first time this week. Had a great steak sandwich. We had quick service and the food was perfect and reasonably priced.
4	I've found this to be the best sportsbar in the Gilbert/chandler area.  Their burgers are damn good and cooked to the temp that you order them.  The TV's are plenty and they have a good sound system which is great provided what they are focused on is what you are watching.  The service at the bar is always excellent but I cannot comment about the table service.  The bar is big and when full, the tenders always seem to be able to keep up.  The brew selection is good but not great however they do support local which is always a plus.  The place is cleaner than most sports bars and lacks that grimy feel you get at other spots.  Parking sucks for sure due to being in a small lot with several other busy places.  Be prepared to hunt through the odd shaped lots that seem poorly planned.  Overall a solid 4star bar.
3	Sports Bars can be tricky, depending on events on TV and time of day you are in them can make all the difference in the world how your experience can turn out. The food is typical bar food, the service was just okay (nothing over the top good or bad) and the ambiance was loud (which is to be expected in a sports bar.) Food wise the Nachos were tasty and the Spinach Artichoke Dip is pretty good. Don't get the Loaded Fries ours were soggy and kinda bland. The restaurant is clean, the hostess was nice, the waitress was okay and the food was okay. So yeah, I would say this place is/was a-okay.
5	Great place! We go twice a week and have never been disappointed with our food or service.
4	This is one of our favorite places to go watch football. Their food is great bar food, the only complaint I have is it's always cold in there. So bring a jacket and you will be happy. Their rib basket in the appetizer menu with their homemade onion rings are the bomb!
5	Great happy hour specials! It's nice to get a drink close to home and watch a game and not spend too much money. I had the chips and queso as well and those were pretty good to snack on. Service has always been great as we
5	Amazing! Just Amazing!! Great food, great environment, great service!!! Definitely coming back again!!
4	Came here with a large group of 20 for a work event. The staff was friendly however even tho we had reservations they didn't have enough room for the party so we had to split tables up. The staff was fast which was surprising! The food was fantastic! I recommend the queso! Best I've had in a long long time. I ordered the wings which in my opinion were far too dry. Everyone else love their meal! I will be returning very soon!
4	Great sports bar! Friendly and fast service. Chips and queso were BOMB! We got the ribs, and they were some of the best ribs we've had. They fell right off the bone. Chicken tenders were a little bland. Fries were good. Soooo many TVs and they are happy to switch channels for you, and they do it promptly.
4	We went here for lunch and it was fantastic.  I had the boneless wings (medium) which were really good!  My husband had the pastrami sandwich and that was excellent as well.  I liked that the place had a family friendly atmosphere.
4	Every time the food has been great. I love the Grinder sandwich with loaded fries. Not a big fan of walking all the way up to the bar to grab take out.
5	Love this place!  Our go to place when we are hungry.  Good for last minute, the staff is super nice, attentive, and care for their customers!!Best Baked Potato Soup, hands down!!!  Never a bad meal here.Our glasses are never empty, even on a busy game night.Great quality, Great service.  I can't say enough about this place!
2	We have been frequent visitors over the years, tonight wad pretty bad. I had a Blue a Burger ordered medium. I am easy, I will eat rare and well done fit winds up like that. This was raw  did not even need to cut into it. I asked yo have it cooked more  waitress saw it and wax surprised. Wife had fish  and chips  usually pretty hood here. They were way over cooked. I hope it was just a bad night. We were not offered a discount, nor did we ask for one. They acknowledged that it was poor, said they were sorry.
4	Came here for lunch today with my mom. We were sat right away, and our server came to the table almost immediately. The food was tasty, and pretty big portions (even mom's plate which was off the lunch menu was huge).  Fast friendly service! In past visits, service wasn't always stellar (could've even considered it as bad).... But today we had a good experience. I'm happy we gave them another shot!
5	Love their happy hour! And, you've got to try their Monte Cristo sandwhich. Their nachos w/queso is awesome as well. I love the atmosphere. Clean and great service. You can't go wrong with this spot.
4	The ambiance and service at the restaurant were very good. Appetizers were good (sun choke velour and beet salad), however the pork chop entree (ordered medium well per server recommendation) came out charred and tough. I was long finished my entree (duck) before the new pork chop was brought to the table. I was a little disappointed that we were offered dessert wine (not great) instead of having the entree taken off the bill. Once the new pork chop was presented, it was cooked well, but we were both underwhelmed with our meal and would suggest that there are other restaurants in Arizona that have better food at cheaper prices.
1	Minus the TVs which are great for watching sports, the food almost killed me! It's disgusting I never complain but when I ordered the chicken  avacado sandwich other night it tasted and smelt rank like rotten meat, it was dry like it was freezer burnt that was left out open and then spoiled then cooked...ugg..Then I ordered wine it was so rotten I spit it back in glass ...Yep I'm not ever going back there again..
4	Blue 32 is not your average sports bar. The food here varies from good to excellent and the prices are reasonable. I've never had a bad meal here. The one time I didn't enjoy my margarita they comped the drink and asked what could be done to improve it. The next time I came by they had improved the drink!
5	I am not a fan of the sports bar atmosphere but this place is really not the norm.  The food and service there are great and there are options for everyone.  It seems to attract a balanced crowd of sports fans, families, and couples so no need to think you will be out of place.It's like the menu will take the usually foods and but a nice spin on them.  They've got quesadillas but they have them with shrimp and bacon.  There's buffalo chicken wings but they also have buffalo shrimp. How about some fish tacos?  They have those as well but also a blackened shrimp variation as well.  Want some flatbread?  There's a mediterranean variation with feta, olives, greek peppers, onions, and tomatoes.  A friend of mine got the monte cristo sandwich and that is not something I would usually even think about getting but I was ready to fight him for this sandwich.  It was ridiculous....I mention Blue 32 to lots of friends (female and male) and all respond the same way.  "Ohhh that place is so good!"  If you're a world cup fan, they opened super early to show all the games.  Yes I ate buffalo shrimp at 9 am.  Don't judge me. Goal!!!
5	Solid food and great service every time. Lots of TVS for the games, nice atmosphere(we bring the kids). I love the wings and the marbled patty melt, wife orders the chicken fried chicken every time and lives it. Cory was our waiter tonight and went out of his way big time. Excellent server. We'll be back.
5	Amazing  ! Recommend to anyone!
3	Average sports bar nothing extremely exciting. Good service and nice atmosphere. My only complaint: now sound on for any of the games in the bar area and its surrounded by tvs. I'm sure they could turn sound on but You would kind of expect it to already be on.
4	Great atmosphere. Good draft selection. Their burgers are very good my favorite is their home made boneless wings. They would just melt in your mouth. I tried their Philly salad but it was ok. More on the greasy side
5	I love this place! The service is always excellent!I come for the bloody Mary each time!  Believe me I needed one today and they were prompt and made it the way I like it! Awesome job Blue 32. I recommend you to my family and fiends!
5	Consistently good, tasty food. Love their Carne Asada & burgers. Plenty of TVs & games. Family friendly. Loud & fun. Ashley Quinn is always on point, excellent service!
2	Usually order wings and burgers, usually good. Switched it up and bought a steak. Did not taste as much as it cost. Like chewing on tasteless piece of meat, came with red potatoes that must of been doused in salt before they came out. And on top of that the service was lacking, a lot. Steak got cold before I could ask for steak sauce and get it.
5	Went there last week, was very impressed. Food was really good. I had pastrami sandwich. The atmosphere was really upbeat. Lots of people having a good time. It will be a regular handout.
5	Only second time stopped. It was recommended the Onion Rings and Salmon Lunch Special. Super. Great. Flawless. So Fresh. Steamed broccoli -perfect. Last time had Baked Potato Soup. Next time bowl not just a cup. We will be stopping for a while trying all different dishes. So far none have even been Average- they are" 5star"
4	Me and my hubby went a couple of weeks ago for the first and it was good...we had a blast. ASHLEY P. Made sure of that....the reason why I'm writing this review and took a star off is because I am going tonight with some friends I wanted them to experience the awesome service we did with ASHLEY P.  We were told she is no longer there  Overall the place was clean and friendly... we will be going back....however, they should bring back Ashley P.....
5	I've been here more times than I can count. I've ordered a bunch of different things and never had a bad meal or service! The queso is delicious! I recommend the Carne Asade! So delicious with the perfect amount of spuce.The service is fast! There isn't a square foot without a TV.
4	I've been here a few times now, and I'd say the food is quite good.  I've only been for Sunday football, and have had no issues with quick, friendly service.  Wings are excellent, and their carne asada tacos are great too.  I need to have a burger there, but am confident it will be above average.They also have a nice setup for Sunday football, and provide a map of all of the TV's, along with the lineup of which games are on what screens, so you can scout out the best seat for the games you want to watch.
3	I would definitely come back here to watch a sporting event and have a few drinks, but it is off my list of places to eat actual 'meals'.We were looking for something casual near the mall since the restaurants there are expensive and mediocre. Blue32 has a decent priced menu with lots of options, but it's obvious they excel with the bar food options. My group tried three different salads and they were all just blah. They sounded great on the menu but just didn't taste as fresh and delicious as we hoped.
4	Came here for lunch today. Nice sports bar with lots of TV's. Tables that are "meal" or "restaurant" friendly so it's great even if you aren't a sports fan. Service was good from the hostess to the waitresses. Menu had lots of choices - almost too many.The big score was the food! I was pleasantly surprised!!! I ordered the blackens chicken Alfredo and it was awesome!!! It came with thin cheese toast that was amazing. I had a late breakfast so I was full half way through but just couldn't stop eating it. The waitress went to get me a to go box and by the time she returned I finished it. My friend ordered the pastrami slides and fries - both were great! Sliders where choc full o meat and cheese and the fries where slightly larger than regular fries but not steal fries. They were cooked to perfection.Like I said I was pleasantly surprised. If they can kill it on every dish in their menu I'd have to say "hats off" to the cooks/chefs!
5	This place is awesome, great food and wonderful service. Highly recommend if you have never been!
4	We came here to watch the heartbreaking UA vs UNLV basketball game.  It is a typical sports bar that is a bit more family friendly -- lots of parents and babies.  Tons of TVs from multiple angles, so they can definitely put on whatever game you were hoping to watch.  I had some wings and a burger with fries.  I wouldn't say they were super memorable, but they were tasty when I ate them.We arrived a little before the game started, and stayed until the end.  Our waiter was super awesome with the refills, and didn't push us to leave at all.  I would definitely come here again if I come back home and need to get my sports-watching on.
