5	Among the large number of nail salons in the Dilworth area, Polished is my choice for best place to get a mani/pedi.  Polished is a new and trendy "nail bar" that has many massage pedicure chairs and a bar set up where you and your friends can get your nails done side-by-side.  The atmosphere here is great, the staff is attentive, and they are even open on Sundays.  Polished also offers waxing.  Oh, did I mention free booze?  Be sure to check out martini wednesday....
4	Best place I know of in town for a pedicure.  Great massaging chairs AND they serve wine.  That about does it for me.  The staff is awseome, and my polish always lasts for at least two weeks
4	In a city with many nail salon options, Polished is one of my favorites!  It's very trendy with fantastic employees and WINE!  It's also a great place for a group to get manis/pedis (have been there twice with bridal parties and have never been disappointed).  Be sure to make an appiointment if you go in with a group.
4	Polished is great...but on my last visit, there were kids there playing video games at the dry station. Oddly enough, they had pizza on the station and were apparently arguing over whos turn it was next.  I was squeezed next to the kids playing and it was very annoying.  My experience up to the unexpected 'day care' was great.
5	From getting a silky, sexy, smoothly waxed hoohah (Yeah, I said it) to the best manicure in town, Polished is the best in Charlotte. It's clean, elegant, and the service is top-notch. They greet you at the door with a beverage service, and the folks who work there make sure you feel like a princess...even as they spread your butt cheeks to get those hard-to-reach hairs...and that takes some finesse. I haven't yet tried their spa services, but they've got really reasonable prices for a full-range of facials, including microdermabrasion. It's on my list.
5	Slightly embarrassed to say that I was dragged here last night, but you know what? It was worth it. I ran a half marathon recently, and my feet haven't fully recovered, so I promised my girlfriend I'd go with her to get a pedicure. And I loved it. We'd heard a lot about Polished recently, so we went to see what all the buzz was about. This place is super nice. First of all, they give you wine or beer or water while you're getting worked on. Maybe other places do this, too, but I thought it was awesome. The people were amazingly friendly too--not too talkative, but super nice and attentive. They made me feel really comfortable. Finally, (and my girlfriend backs this up), they did an awesome job on my giant, coarse feet. I feel amazing now. Also, it's worth mentioning that their chairs are amazing...brand new and massage-capable.
4	Read other reviews on YELP! after having had several really bad manicures in the area. I recently relocated from CT and was looking for something as clean, professional and well-done as I am used to back home, and POLISHED got the best reviews. However, it was more expensive then it was in Greenwich(!). Having said that, the place was funky and hip, the staff friendly, and the massage chairs were out of this world! Kong is a national treasure, and I always see the same folks working there.  I think a low staff-turnover is a sign that they are doing something right. In spite of the expense, they are always my first choice for gettin' prettified!
3	Polished can be a fun place to get your nails done quickly.  Their hours are very convenient, and it is relatively easy to just walk in.  When I just want a no-nonsense, fast manicure, I go to Polished.  The facility can get a bit frenzied and loud inside on busy days, but going to see and be seen is a part of the appeal.  I do like the option of having a glass of wine- -especially when I go with friends.  The people who run the host desk are nice, and most of the nail technicians are too.  Some can be a little abrupt (in personality and performance) if it is real busy.I am a bit disappointed by the interior.  It doesn't feel clean, new, or (forgive me) polished.  Walls, trim, cheap-looking partitions are all painted with what appears to be many layers of paint.  Finishes are kind of dingy in spots.  The pedi chairs are newer, so that is good.  I hear that they were quite bad before.  It really bugs me that they use a regular radio station that is broadcast though a boombox to supply the place with music.  My expectations were that Polished would feel like a higher-end dessert bar (like Therapy Cafe in downtown or Salara in Ballantyne) that also offers nail services.  It's cramped, lit by fluorescent bulbs, and loud.  It was a let-down for me, but I understand the kind of experience for which clients are looking.  It's big enough for bridal parties who are looking for a fun time, the opportunity to drink, and get a short, sweet mani/pedi with 30 of their closest friends.
5	I Love Love Love Polished!! Go with a few friends and relax in the comfy chairs and have a glass of wine, beer, or martini Perfect!!!
2	Took my BFF here while I was in town so we could hang out and get pedis together. This was my first one in THREE years so I was pretty excited. The staff was ok. Not very talkative but that's ok. Pedi was ok, nothing special. After we left my big toe started aching and turned red. I think (hope) that the lady just cut me too close. One toe's polish chipped by that same evening. I'm shocked this place got some sort of award in 2009. Nothing to write home about in my opinion.
5	Seriously priced so well for excellent service and unlimited wine! A perfect place for group of gfs to get together, chill out with a glass of wine and getting a pedi. I myself have been a few times before but when I took my gfs and lil sis...all who live in the North east, they were in awe at the fact that it was a $25 for a full spa pedi, included 2 glasses of wine (thats all we could manage hehe) and wonderful folks who did a great job on all our nails. I am a clean freak and am often concerned about the tools that nail salons use but they are extremely clean at Polished. Love it! will def be going back.
2	I used to go to Polished all of the time for my waxing and pedicure needs.  But I started to get really annoyed when I would make an appointment with a specific person, only to arrive and she'd be busy or gone and I had to have someone else do my eyebrows. Isn't the purpose of having an apt to guarantee service from a specific person?  And then as a walk-in for a pedicure I was once kept waiting for over 20 minutes, then 2 other girls came in and someone went to help them first.  I was about to lose it, until a nice employee noticed that I had been waiting and I didn't have an apt so I should be helped 1st.All these reasons have made me stop going out of my way to go to Polished and I now use a place closer to home or there is a great place near my oldest sisters house that is even cheaper!
4	It's not very often that I go out to have my nails done and when I do I want to be pampered.  Polished was just the right place!  I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door by an extremely friendly gentleman and within minutes I had a glass of wine in hand.  I was the last person to join our small group of yelpers so the staff got us set up in our pedicure chairs right away.This is one of the largest nail salons I've ever seen!  Most salons will have a few pedicure chairs but this place has probably close to 10-15 chairs.  All the chairs makes this a great place to go with friends and still be able to relax and chat together during your pedicure.  The atmosphere in the salon is very relaxing and they help maintain that mood by always keeping the drinks topped off.  That won me over right away.The lady who did my toenails took her time and did an awesome job.  The foot and lower leg rub felt amazing too.On the rare occasion that I decide to have my nails done again, this will be the place I go.
5	Anytime someone asks me if I know a good place to get nails or eyebrows done, Polished is the first place that pops into mind. Located right off South Blvd, it's easy to find with parking in the front and back. They have a modern set up with many pedi chairs and a nail bar where you can sit, enjoy a complimentary beer or wine and get pampered. The fact that they play football games on the wknds also makes me a happy camper (even though I may be the only girl watching).They have a huge selection of OPI and Essie colors along with the newest colors for the season which makes it easy to find anything you're looking for. Their All Out Pedi is a wonderful buy if you are looking to spend a little more than normal (includes a sugar scrub with one of the many scents they offer and more) Anytime I've gone, they have been efficient, professional, do a terrific job and considerate of what you are asking for. Getting my feet rubbed while drinking wine in a massage chair? Count me in.PS--Cash only when tipping
4	While I don't  indulge in a mani/pedi as often as I would like, when I do need some pampering Polished is always on my short list!As the other ladies have mentioned, this is a large nail salon with plenty 'o pedicure chairs (that also massage your back too!), a manicure bar and some extra space for facials and waxing. There are plenty 'o polishes (OPI, Essie) for the picking and they even sell a nice variety of them, too. They always have the new color releases and the prices start around $8-$9 per polish. The staff is accommodating and polite and I certainly appreciate the complimentary wine and/or beer while I'm getting polished. Recently they added a new polish service - the gel polish that stays for two weeks + - and I'd definitely like to give that a go next time I need a really long lasting mani. My spa pedicure cost $25 but I know you can get a full mani/pedi for $35 - as it's advertised online and outside on a mammoth banner. If you ever want to plan a girls night out, a bachelorette pre-party or just pamper yourself, check out Polished.
1	Worst pedicure/manicure I've gotten in Charlotte.  The place is dirty & the 2 guys we had were not meticulous at all.  I will never go back there.
3	While visiting Charlotte for a long weekend, I went here with my sisters on Friday the 15th of October. I figured it would be less busy then Saturday or Sunday. And I was pretty right on. They were busier then I expected when we got there but I had made an appointment for the three of us. We got mani & pedi each. $35 each. You had your choice of beverage- Red or white wine, beer, water, soda.......which was included in the price. They had plenty of  polish colors- with it being October and all I went for an orange copper sort of color. The staff was overall very friendly and attentive. THe woman who did my nails was not talkative at all. Didn't ask what shape I wanted my nails (rounded vs square) which I am used to being asked. She also didnt' ask if i wanted my nails trimed down a certain length but  just did it.But she did a good job. She was very detailed in her job. Didn't spend as much time as I am used to on the foot massage or hand massage but again polish was done right with no mistakes. I would go back here if I lived in the area. I like the concept of it........the whole nail bar and everything.
4	so obviously im a man and i am not a metro so my review is limited but i enjoyed going to polished. my fiance basically kept begging that i went there with her so i finally did and got my first man pedicure. as soon as we walked in it the staff treated us like we were regulars and have treated us the same way since. i find this very rare in today's society and i wish more companies were like that. they had lots of massage chairs, there was no wait and they kept bringing me beer and wine so for $25 it was well worth it and very relaxing. we have since gone once a month...obviously making my fiance very happy.
1	This place was just not good, that's all there is to it.  I waited for 30 minutes on a very slow Monday afternoon, and their thoughts were to stick me at a chair and let my feet soak.  Lukewarm water ten minutes into the waiting, I knew this was a lost cause.  The place was not inviting, I thought the interior was very tacky, trying way too hard.  Pedicure was rough, not hurtful, just not gentle and very rushed.  Manicure same thing, very very rushed.  I only tipped because I'm a decent person but if I didn't have a soul I would have considered not tipping at all.  Save your time, go somewhere else.
1	I just got back from getting my eyebrows waxed here. It was one of the worst experiences ever. First of all, I was in and out within ten mins...Which is good for most things but when you're ripping hair out of my face I really would prefer you take your time.I really don't think this girl even looked at my face. She kinda just coated me in wax and ripped. And for the face waxing I was seated in a chair, facing all the rest of the room, which is kinda awkward. At least I'm not self conscious about these things.This is like the Costco of nail salons I think. It has a very warehouse/mass production feel.I'll probably go back to try to mani/pedi because of the good prices, and well, wine gets me every time, but I will definitely be finding a different salon for my waxing needs.
3	I've gone twice for a manicure and to have my eye-brows done.The manicure I had was awful ...in terms of we had a late appointment 7pm on a Wednesday and I felt super rushed! When I go get a manicure (and especially a pedicure) - I dont want to be rushed in and out...in fact I want to take my time, chat with my friends, and relax...They were literally turning out the lights on us which was a little unprofessional in my opinion. I did like the eyebrow wax - efficient...as obviously this isn't a relaxing procedure. I had it done by the owner who did a good job and I was in and out $12 later ...pretty standard. I wish they accepted cash tips though since I am a debit-card person and rarely carry cash. The owner has since moved to the South park locale so I haven't gone back.
3	I know people love this place.  I can see why some people would really like it. However, it felt like I was in an assembly line. It is a little pricey. There are better places in Charlotte. I think people are just impressed by the free drink.
5	Yay!  Rolled into town to see my best girl and also to go to a wedding.  Just finished final exams and in SERIOUS need of some pampering.  Came in for a pedicure, walked out with a mani/pedi and a small buzz thanks to 2 glasses of wine from the fantastic folks at Polished.  The place is huge- something like 20 pedicure chairs.  $35 for a mani/pedi is not too shabby!  And I'm from NYC, so I know sticker shock.
4	Realized after the fact that the manicurist failed to trim or push back my cuticles!  My least favorite part of my fingernails!  Minus one star.
2	This is not the salon I typically go to, and I don't have unreasonable standards when it comes to a manicure/pedicure.  I had a gift certificate for man/ped, so I chose this location to redeem it.  The staff is friendly and there are many colors to choose from.  However, the floor looks like the way a night club might look at the end of the night when the lights come on.  Slick and dirty.  The tools used to scrape and trim my feet and were not clean, the water in my foot bowl was cold, and I truly could have done a better job myself.  The man who did my feet was harsh and hurt quite a bit.  I hate to give such a negative review, but I would warn others of this particular salon.  I can't speak for the other locations.
5	This place was so awesome! As soon as I walked in they offered me a glass of wine......so I knew I was going to like it. Then I had a great mani pedi. Super relaxing, and the nicest people. This is THE place for the young professional in Charlotte to go!
2	I gave this place a try with a couple friends/my boss & co-worker.  Not my typical nail place but it was for a pedicure so why not give them a try.I've heard ppl rave about this place, read about it in the "best of" for Charlotte, which has now left me very confused...apparently I missed something because nothing about my pedicure should be placed in "best of..."For starters, my water was cold and even though I told her numerous times that the water was cold and freezing me, the temperature never changed.  I've had many pedicures in my lil lifetime so I know the whole procedure...mine consisted of sitting my feet in cold water, the nail tech removing my current polish,  clipping a few cuticles (not all), applying lotion, and painting my toes.  Now normally I would expect a pedicure to included warm water for soaking your feet, clipping of the nails and cutting back all the cuticles, using the exfoliator thing on the bottom of the feet, oils, lotions, polish, and some other random stuff I don't know the technical terms for (Atleast that's what every pedicure in my past has involved)Also----the color options here were very plain and boring.  I'm very thankful I thought to bring my own polish.The staff didn't talk much they seemed nice and they did offer us wine and other drink options which was nice.Basically I don't see me returning,
3	*Shocker* - I haven't ever had the luxury of my nails growing long enough to have them manicured & I have an OCD thing with my feet; I don't want to touch them, much less have anyone else! :DHowever, ONE blue moon ago, my nails grew long and strong and I was able to get them manicured.  Due to the promise of being pampered, I decided to go here. Yes, whole they do pamper (plenty of chairs, space, offer of beer or wine), I was a bit uncomfortable with the gentleman who did my hands.  He didn't talk much - if at all & was very rushed to handle my hands / nails.  All the while my boyfriend had a female who was Miss Chatty Cathy. I was trying to be friendly & of course ask questions to get help on keeping my nails & cuticles nice...he was no help.  Also, he trimmed my nice long nails down...which I wanted to keep the length, I just needed them shaped up.I'm pleased with their prices - I don't think they're expensive.  I also like the OPI line of polishes that they carry.I'll go back, but maybe next time I'll get Chatty Cathy.  ; )
2	Well $65 later I'm going to go elsewhere to get my nails and feet done again. Not happy with the job that was done and won't go back.
3	I rarely pamper myself with a pedicure and do not have sufficient fingernail growth to even bother paying to get them polished.   But couldn't pass up the opportunity for some pampering and booze with a close bud.  We just dropped in after work without an appointment and were soaking out tootsies and sipping a beer within minutes of arriving.  I got the deluxe pedicure, which includes a wax treatment.  Everyone was very friendly and attentive.  I hope to go back soon so some more pampering and a fresh coat of polish!
3	Cleanliness? Check. Spacious? Check. Trendy atmosphere? Double check. Pushy staff? Triple check. Located in the Southend shopping center across from Owen's bagels and deli I decided to give this place a look through when my friend was here and asked me to come along. Alright cool since you're paying and all.First off you get a nice dismissive greeting when you walk in. That's cool they all looked fairly busy whittling away at their client's cuticles anyways I'll just make my way over to my friend. She was in the middle of her pedicure and I have a strong aversion to people touching my feet so I just chatted and waited until we moved onto the manicure portion of the afternoon. I'm not sure if they really want to get their clients drunk for bigger tips or if they're overly friendly but I find it overbearing. To elaborate, I was offered a choice between water, wine, and sodas and I opted for water. The lady looked at me and was like you sure you don't want soda, it's free. No thanks just water. Later on I wanted a refill, and again there came the question, you really sure about the water? You don't want some wine instead? No water please. Come on now you don't need to question me twice about my beverage choice do you?Manicure and pedicures done and looking decent, we headed out for a late lunch. I like places with lots of amenities as much as the next person, but I shouldn't feel pushed into accepting them.
4	My friends and I came to kick off my bachelorette weekend and it was really fun! The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The quality of the mani-pedis was also good -- exactly what I would expect.Overall, a great, fun experience of girly fun.
3	I am a loyal customer of this location and have been going to them religiously for over 1.5 years.Disappointed and hurt in my last visit and may never return.  I waited for an hour with no service.  Granted I was a walk-in and there were extraordinary issues that day.  But I do not deserve the comment that "wow, you are really patient!"  and be sent away after an hour of wait.  I want services granted the unusual wait. Period. My tech was okay with giving me the services but was sent last minute to serve other customers.  I tip well if not better than most customers.  My minimum tip is *$5* if not more.My time is just as valuable as your time and I do not care for getting a substantial discounts in my next week when I am talked down and also not respected for my time.The punch is the warning that "don't [you] dare to write an review" about this with a finger.  Don't I dare?!  Don't dare me because I would write things word for word when the entire experience do not sit well with me.P.S. - from over the weekend since posting of this to now, I have received 5-6 telephone calls, I assume [requesting to have this removed].  I will not remove this.  Pls. stop calling or I will report you to BBB.  Thanks.
3	Whenever I'm in the mood for some nail attention, I head to Polished South End. A big plus to me - lots of ventilation. I hate the smell of nail polish, to be honest. They have plenty of chairs. It looks to be very clean and trendy. If it isn't, they fake it very well!The times I've been here, they get you in and out quickly. A minus - you have to leave the tip via check or cash. For me, that likely means that my nail tech isn't getting a tip unfortunately. Not sure why you can't add it on to your total.
2	Last year when I discovered gel polish, I began going to Polished Nail Bar - SouthPark regularly for gel manicures, as they are close to my house and their gel manicures were priced well. After going there for consistently for almost a year, I gave up and will not go back.The Good: The salon is easy to find, ample parking and is clean and well-maintained. I was always offered a drink and even without an appointment, I rarely had to wait longer than 10-15 minutes. They have a huge selection of polish colors (gel and regular).The Bad: They are incredibly inconsistent in regards to service and friendliness. At times, the "welcome" staff would barely grunt at me and was often much more concerned about texting her friends. Even worse, my manicures were sometimes fantastic, but most often they were horrible. Even though I was always vocal about length and shape of my nails, they were often done incorrectly and I found I had to constantly correct as we were going along. Many times the old gel wasn't fully taken off so my new polish was lumpy and would chip/peel within a couple of days. Rarely did the nail-tech take the time to get the polish all the way to the edges, something I think is essential with a gel manicure (since you intend it to last 2+ weeks). On TWO occasions, I had to ask that the polish be redone - one time because the polish rippled and bubbled and another time because there was old polish showing through and my nails hadn't been buffed enough, so the new polish was bumpy. Both nail-techs were pretty disgruntled when I asked for the polish to be redone, even though the manicures were downright hideous and both times, they rushed through the 2nd manicures.I found one nail-tech there who was fantastic, she was so detail-oriented and would take the time to listen and she was wonderful; however, she was always so booked up (I guess a lot of other people felt the same as me) that it was hard to get an appointment with her and you could never get her as a walk-in. In the end, I just got fed up with the inconsistency at this salon. Sometimes, I'd get a great mani or pedi, but most times, they were inferior, so I quit going. The point of gel polish is that it lasts 2+ weeks, but here, it would last about as long as a normal polish. Also, when I get a "professional" manicure that I have paid hard-earned money for, I expect it to look professional, and Polished just couldn't get the job done.
1	I am disappointed by this place every time I go.  I have also been around since it opened and it just keeps going down hill.Why do I go there then? I only go when I'm with a large group like a bachelorette party or for something to do with the girls rather than a bar. Its never my choice, but I'll go if that's where people are going.Let's get real-  the mani/pedi itself isn't that great. You don't get a special scrub, the rough spots on your feet are still there when you leave, you don't get a decent massage, nor a person who even has a license to do such things. I'm sure most of this pretty staff is trained on the spot and they all fall under one license. I'm guessing, but if they were trained, they would know how to give a proper pedi. It's not rocket science.Last time I was there I was at the mani bar and asked if I could pay, held out the bill and my credit card to the dude who runs the cash register but standing right in front of me. He said "you have to come down here and pay", and pointed to the cash register 6 feet away. Really?  So, I got up from the 5 people I was with, walk 6 feet to the register, THEN I could hand him my credit card. I didn't even have to sign so.... what was the point of that, dude? Its just your process? Not customer service?  You're an idiot and that just came out of the tip from the moron who just did a terrible job painting my nails.They did recently put new chairs in, which is great. The old ones were awful.Why do people go? Trendy staff, free glass of wine, lots of room with nice ambiance. Its a social event, not a place for good results.I'm re-annoyed after writing about this place and remembering the awful experiences I've had. I not going back ever again- bachelorette party or not.
5	Walking into Polished made me feel instantly like a V.I.P! It's such a unique concept, the only thing missing was the red carpet waiting to usher me inside! When you walk in, it's such an upbeat and energetic atmosphere. I was greeted quickly and my honey was escorted to the bar for a beer. Yes, you read that right... they serve alcohol at this nail salon. This was truly like nothing I'd ever experienced while getting a mani/pedi. He was happy because there were big screen TV's all around the place as he sipped on his cold beer. I was happy because my pedi guy was fantastic. I got the full shebang, and I felt pampered the whole time as I sipped on a glass of white wine. I got a simple mani and the top tier pedi because I like my tootsies to be spoiled. For all this, beer for him and a couple of glasses of wine for me, it was $60. Talk about worth it... this is an awesome and fun experience. Even after I was finished, I sat at the bar to let my nails dry and my klutzy self banged my finger and thumb together before they were dry. I felt horrible because it was closing time for them, and everyone had pretty much left for the night, but the manager there was fantastic. He fixed my nails for me and told me repeatedly not to worry about it. He also told me that this place has a couple other locations as well... OH YES!! It's been a few days, and the polish is still holding up strong on both my fingers and my toes. He said if I needed any touch ups then I was welcome to come back in and they'd fix my nails for me. This is the first time I'd ever had a nail place tell me this. The only thing I wish they could change is that you can't add a tip on a credit card receipt... keep that in mind at the end of your visit so you can take care of that awesome person taking their time to make you feel great!I will definitely be headed back to this place whenever I'm wanting some pampering and amazing customer service. I loved it there and will tell anyone I know who is looking for some pampering as well. Thanks Polished for making my Valentine's Day perfect :)
4	Inviting atmosphere and they have an awesome Essie selection. This salon is nice for special occasions such as girls outings. The staff is friendly.
2	Polished offers a really cool concept for a nail salon. Unfortunately my experience just did not live up to my expectations. I'm hoping my experience was the exception and not the rule! I was rushed through both the mani and pedi. The massage portion for both services lasted about 1 minute and I'm fairly certain the pedicure only took 15 minutes total. When it came time for the shellac manicure the lady helping me didn't think it was necessary to remove my ring, she said she could work around it...clearly I was in for another short massage. After she put on the final top coat I put my hand in the little UV box. When I exclaimed that my nails felt like they were burning she said, "I know." Like that's normal! I've had plenty of shellac manicures and have never had that experience. Maybe it was just a brand I've never used before? I'll give this place one more try. I hope it's better next time around!
4	I would disagree with one person's comment about feeling like a VIP. This place is more like a hole-in-wall gem. It's not that appealing in the inside, but Gwen does an AMAZING job on mani-pedi. I love the massage parts of mani-pedi and have frequented places that are pretty stingy in that area. Gwen took her time and gave me a great mani-pedi. It's nice that they have a drinking bar. Very unique. All in all, the price is great, convenient location, and great service.
3	I have been to Polished on a number of occasions and each time has been a good experience. I loved the atmosphere. The people were very friendly, and you feel like a celebrity-  cocktails, big screen tvs, etc- which made my experience even more relaxing and enjoyable.  It was a great place to go with friends and a perfect Friday afternoon activity. I do wish my manicure had lasted longer than it did- my nails chipped shortly after which was a bummer.
1	Lets see..what can I say about this place? I've been here a few too many times now, hoping that I would have a better experience. The first visit I thought the place was neat, clean and different. I loved how there wasn't a wait since they have more then enough people to help you out! I only had a pedicure done that day and it was done well. The second time I went I got both a mani and pedi. I had two people help get the job done...being from Chicago, I've never seen that happen at a nail salon before. I thought it was weird but figured it was because they were closing and wanted to get me done and out as fast as they can. Needless to say I felt rushed and felt they weren't trying to do a good job. Now, the third and last time I've been to this nail salon was the worst!! I went because a girlfriend of mine asked me to join her. They were rude when we walked in. Told us to have a seat at their long nail "bar". They were out of the nail color I wanted so I had to settle for a different color. The girl doing my friend manicure asked if she could choose a different color because her first choice was too light. That's understandable but why give that as a choice if you know it doesn't look good? The guy started working on my nails was so rough!! He filed my nail beds so hard that my skin was raw and bleeding by the time I left the salon. Also, while he was doing my mani, he was talking trash about a customer and her ethnicity that visited earlier....not very professional if you ask me...by the time he was finished I took off pretty fast. Got home and had to ice my fingers :-( the nail polish chipped two days later because he painted it right on my cuticles. I'm sorry but the experiences I've had here have never been great so I'll be heading elsewhere from now on.
1	Went here for a waxing treatment. After waiting for a awfully long time (supposedly they have just one lady who can wax) she took me into a room which was poorly lit. The place as such looked nice and given the yelp reviews am really sorry to write a bad review, but this place isn't for waxing at all.The lady seemed to have no clue about how to go about it..she randomly applied wax..not even.. not in direction. She would then apply the wax strip and pull it into the directions where the paper is stuck on the hand itself. On the upper part of the hand she decides to apply wax all over the hand not leaving any space to even hold the skin. So without tightening the skin she pulled the strips. It was one of my most painful waxing experiences.The lady kept saying she can't see well coz of the lighting.. common how can u set up a waxing room without proper lights. She was messy with wax falling all over the place. At the end of the session I had a couple of spots where the upper layer of my skin was off. It lools horrible now after a couple of days.At the end the owner was apologetic for making me wait n gave me a $5 off.. but that doesn't compensate for the bad wax treatment.The place looked popular for nail treatments though.. I surely will try that out once.
3	I normally go to the Southpark location.I've been to this one a few times. The last time was to get a gel shellac. The Southpark location had recently done an amazing one for me, so I was excited. It started peeling the next day! I went back in a few days later, and by that point 3 had come off completely. The same guy fixed them, but told me it was an issue with my nails. I explained i had never had that problem before...They looked great when he fixed them, but again, started peeling off rather quickly. I just stick with the Southpark location now
5	$35 for a mani, pedi, and wine.....sold!So I started coming here because it was close to my apartment. However, I keep coming back because I love the atmosphere inside. It's a hole in the wall place, that looks fairly nice inside. The staff greet you when you walk in the door and offer to get you something to drink....wine, please! They have a ton of pedicure stations and a nail bar, so I have never had an issue getting a spot! They do a great job and I have never felt rushed at all. I also get my eyebrows waxed here. They charge $12 and do a decent job. It's kinda weird cause alot of places lay you back but at Polished they do it while you are sitting up, which is a little awkward! However, I haven't left disappointed at how my eyebrows turned out!Just a note, make sure you bring a check or cash because they don't let you tip on your card.....no clue why!Update: Just changed this review from 4 stars to 5 stars. I went here last night to get the aforementioned $35 mani/pedi combo. I got there at 6:30 and got promptly seated. They were a little bit busy so it took about 20 min or so (wasnt exactly keeping track cuase my feet were soaking in some warm water and I was browsing Pinterest while sipping my wine!) for someone to get to me. I kinda felt bad cause I wanted a manicure too but I knew they closed at 7:30. They said it was no problem and they would stay until I was done. I was kind of expecting them to rush through my pedicure to get to my manicure faster, but they didnt. I actually think that was the longest foot/leg massage I have ever had at any nail salon. I think it was 8:15 once I actually left the place. I really apprecited not feeling pushed out the door.
5	I just moved to the area and had heard about this salon, so I decided to check it out. So glad I did. I'm known to find nail inspo on Pinterest and my nail tech went above & beyond to recreate what I wanted. Super friendly staff and really patient when I changed my mind about my color 100 times. The decor was cute and hip, and my arm massage was uhhmazing. Oh, and free wine. Gotta love a place with free wine :) A little pricier than I expected, but I left happy. I'll definitely go back!
2	I went to Polished on a friend's recommendation while in town.  Maybe they do a good job with regular manis/pedis, but their shellac mani was subpar.  My usual place  in Winston told me that the different brands of shellac product should not be mixed, which Polished did.  They also wanted to remove my old shellac with the grinder thing and got huffy when I said I only wanted it taken off with acetone.  When I left, there were a few bubbles in my polish and as it grew out I could see that she was sloppy around the cuticles.  Not a big deal with a regular manicure, but it cut the life of my shellac in half.  As far as atmosphere, it was definitely style over substance.  Cute and orange and mod, but huffy staff and shoddy work mean I won't be back on any other trips to CLT.
5	Recently moved to Charlotte and tried so many salons till I found Polished! David does the greatest nails, his pedicures are perfect( I am not a massage kinda gal, he gets that and gets it done right) and there is always a great vibe in the place! Lots of groups come in to do a gals night out and they offer you a drink while you get your nails done!! Thank you Polished! I am now a dedicated fan!!
3	$35 for a decent mani/pedi. Technicians were slightly rude. when I gave a 20% tip she asked, "is that all?" Extremely large space. could be cleaner.
4	Great color choices and big comfy chairs. Plus wine!! This place is clean and spacious.
3	To me, this Polished location is kind of like the Jiffy Lube of nail salons. I'm not saying that's a good or bad thing. They get the job done... and you're in and out in quickly. Nothing fancy.$25 for a regular pedicure. Make sure to bring cash for a tip... you can't add it to your credit card bill. I never have cash on me so I typically skip this place when I get an urge to get my feet pampered.Massage chairs. Beer and wine available. Lots of TVs to keep you entertained. I didn't need any of it though to keep me occupied during my most recent trip. The two girls next to me were full of gossip and drama. Holy. Chicks are nuts. I was kind of scared to leave in fear of what would be said about me when I left.Pedicure is pretty basic. There are a lot of other options in Charlotte where you can get more for your money.The setup is pretty nice. Very trendy. It's a great place for a group adventure if you're doing a birthday, bachelorette, girls day, etc. A-OK nails it for this place. See what I did there...
1	I went in for a wax. Perhaps that was my mistake; maybe they just Polish...not wax. Either way, be weary. The woman who walked me used huge clunky chunks of wax and pulled like a pansy.  I could have done it better myself.  I was miserable and in pain.
2	A week ago I was over by the South Park Mall and I stumbled into Polished there... I walked in and was amazed at how many chairs and people were there!  It was like a bar, w people and music... Difference was, everyone was  getting there nails doneSo the Polished on Southend- gave it a try because I was desperate and it was late on a Saturday...This place needs to be redone!  It is dirty and not sure that they use clean tools!  I should have walked out, but everyone was so nice!  So I stayed and got pedi and gel change...You think when you walk in that there's ton of colors to choose from for your pedi, but that's not the case, they have tons for sale and an 'ok' selection to choose from..Not sure if I'd go back, actually know I won't... Although they did tell me that the Valentine one is new.... Clean this place up!  It's gross!!!!!
2	Although the ambiance is fun (albeit a bit junky) , I received a thoroughly MEH pedicure and acrylic set/manicure at Polished. The shape is inconsistent and I had to point out where an entire side of my nail didn't get polished. Also, unlike other salon's that I visit regularly, I wasn't clear on how they sterilized their tools. I'll keep looking for a regular nail salon in Charlotte.
4	I (Kieran's g/f) went to Polished for the second time today. The first time I went it was fairly busy, yet I was satisfied with the service and efficiency of the staff. My girlfriends and I walked in and upon arrival were greeted by the owner or manager (not sure which) who had a great sense of humor. We all got a mani/pedi combo. The ladies who helped us were extremely friendly and helpful in picking out colors. Yah know how when you usually go to these types of salons and for some reason you get the vibe that they are talking about you and laughing? Well this place definitely didn't (or at least from what I observed) make their customers feel that way.The three of us were able to sit together and were given two hefty glasses of wine each while we chatted and enjoyed a relaxing massage chair massage. We were in and out quickly with beautifully colored and crafted nails. I would definitely recommend going after 6:30p.m. I will be back soon!
4	Visited Polish for the first time for a girlfriend's birthday party and was so impressed!  Great big open space, wine and drinks and great service overall.  We were able to walk right in and get service right away.  There were so many people working there, even for a busy Saturday afternoon, it was no problem.  I love the environment and they did a good job on my nails, so I was a happy camper!
1	Went to the southend location with a friend visiting from out of state to get a pedi. We were so disappointed with this place. First issue is the cleanliness of the place. I don't think they clean/sanitize their tools. Cause they kept pulling out tools from different pouches in their little baskets they carry around and using them on me then putting them back in that pouch. All they do is polish absolutely no art work. However, the one star would be because the lady did try to put one small flower on my friends big toe. Nice of  her for trying but it looked awful. I asked if they would put one coat on my 2 year olds toes which she did but didn't inform me that she was going to charge me for it. I paid for both our pedi's and when it came time to check out my bill was $55. I asked her what the cost was per person and she said she charged $25 for mine, $25 for my friends and the $5 was for the flower. When we questioned the $5 for that little flower. She then changed her story and said that her boss told her to charge $5 for my daughters toes(which she should have informed me that was the cost before doing them) but that she only charged me $2 for it and then  $3 for the art work. For starters, if she is dishonest enough to disobey what her boss told her to do then I seriously doubt she is being honest with me. Also, how can they add all these little extras to the credit card bill but "can't" add the tip to the credit card? See the dishonesty continuing here within the company not allowing the tip to be applied to the credit card as to not have to account for that revenue! I really hated how she waited right by me for her tip. I positively will not be going back or recommending them to anyone.  Side note and not a huge deal but the two ladies doing our pedi's really didn't say much to us at all as  they were speaking in their language to each other most the time.
1	I've been to this location so many times, and every time I go it just gets worse. This past Monday I went in with my sister to have one of her nails fixed (we went to the meyers park location to get our nails done for her wedding that same saturday, go there instead!) It happened to be her ring finger and the gel started to peel so we went to get it fixed. NEVER have I had someone be so rude to us! The nail tech fixed the nail, while the entire time she just looked pissed, and when my sister asked her to redo the design on the nail she was told "We don't do that here, we can give you the stones and you can do that at home." wait what? So no nails that you do get any sort of design, and you tell your customer's that are willing to pay money to "do it yourself" This was the absolute last straw, I will never return to this location, I REFUSE to ever go back here.
4	Great pedi, fun environment, and vibey decor. My only negative would be the fumes....seemed like they need some more ventilation.
5	New to the area and I have come to love this franchise. Always fast and love that they provide drinks!! Great price, too.
5	My favorite place for a pedicure in Charlotte, for several reasons. 1) plenty of chairs & plenty of people working. 2) they work quickly & efficiently. 3) free wine/soda/water while you're there. 4) they are reasonably priced. 5) they do a really, really great job. The polish never chips, and except for nail growth, my nails look as good on the 15th day as they did on the first.
1	I just visited this salon for the 4th time on Friday. After visiting 1 week prior. For the second time the "gel" manicure I received with CND Shellac color on top has separated from my nails after less than a week. This is a $50 service.Ladies, please look at the colors and products on your next visit. The polish they use is old and has been diluted for the benefit of the merchant and not the customer. A true Shellac service should last 3 weeks and not 4 days. A pedicure should last 2 weeks not 7 days before peeling and chipping. What's worse is a tech told me I should buy my own products to use but stated no discount would be offered.It's sad that places like this are still I'm business! I guess that's why they give out free liquor.
3	I must downgrade to 3 stars. Its not a horrible place but because it's so busy and there are a lot of different workers, I can never get the same person, which means the service is inconsistent. This place is more convenient than anything. I think it's bizarre they don't offer a sitting area with fans to help dry your nails.
3	Quickest pedi I have EVER gotten, literally in and out in under 10 min. This is a great thing and a not so great thing, depending on what you're looking for. In a rush? Awesome. Looking to be pampered and relax for a bit? Go somewhere else. My massage chair kept shutting off after 2 seconds, the lady did not rub my feet AT ALL, but she did a good job however. I'd definitely recommend the place.
1	I went to this salon when I first moved to Charlotte in hopes of finding a great nail salon - I was extremely disappointed. I  felt like I was being processed through an assembly. The pedicurist rushed through my pedicure - I felt no sense of relaxation at all during this process. The pedicure probably took a total of 15 minutes. I felt like I was being pushed through an assembly! In addition, my polish chipped within two days! Despite all of these, I returned to Polished several times - both at the South End and the SouthPark locations  - and proceeded to have the same experience. After my fiftth time at this underwhelming overpriced salon, I finally decided to call it quits. There are so many other salons in Charlotte that offer better services and affordable pricing. This place is so not worth it.
1	Have visited several times and that will be my last. I don't think they have cleaned the floors since they opened.  The chairs don't work and were sticky. This is definitely not the place for the OCD and it makes me wonder about the tools. Not to mention I could have painted my nails better than this :(
5	If this is the place cam newton gets his pedicures then that's where I'm at just tell me when he's coming and I'll be there the ambience here is pretty different then the other polished that I've been to but the service and price is the same the only thing I don't like are their open ceilings which makes it really loud but this is the place to be seen I love this nail bar idea. Complimentary wine and great pedis
1	I come here every now and then but the service here today has put me off Polished for good. They service was rushed and the gentleman that did my nails was NOT friendly. I'm pretty sure nail polish is supposed to be on the nail..NOT the the skin surrounding it. Additionally, what bothered me the most was the neighboring employee performing a service on another customer, urging me to leave a good tip for the skin painting gentleman. Excuse me? Seriously? Very disappointed. Next time I'll just ask my boyfriend to paint my nails so I can at least get subpar service with a smile.
3	Polished used to be my go to nail salon, but the past few times I went, I left disappointed. Pro's:Moderate pricing.Free wine or beer and they keep the drinks flowing! Wide range of colors.Fun atmosphere with nail bar in the middle of the place makes it good for large groups. The owner, (usually the greeter) is very very nice and is also topping off drinks and making you feel welcomed.Con's:The massage chair I always seem to get never works right.If you look around, the place is really dusty and dirty. Makes me question the cleanliness, although I never heard of any problems. Always seem in a rush to get you out the door, which could also be a good thing depending on how busy your schedule is.Most workers barely speak English which usually isn't a big deal, but one time I asked for another coat and the woman didn't understand what I wanted. Polish doesn't seem to last long. Overall, if I had a lot of girlfriends in town and wanted to do a mani happy hour, this is the spot I would take them. If I want a really relaxing and quality job, I'd go somewhere else.
5	My favorite nail salon in the area for a quick manicure and/or pedicure.  They are quick but good and can't say no to a complimentary glass of wine.  Everyone is friendly and they have a good selection of colors.It's a nice treat after a long week!
