3	Their pho tai was not bad. I got a size small and it filled me up. The soup wasn't very oily and pretty light to the taste. Their grilled pork rice plate wasn't so good. The grilled pork was a bit too oily and bland tasting. I felt like I was eatting something very fatty. I would come back to this place when I crave for pho because it's closer than other places and their pho isn't bad.
5	Great friendly service in this new establishment.  Its the only vietnamese restaurant in henderson.  Very clean compared to a lot of other places in chinatown.   They serve the usual fair with some other things you don't see at other places.  Go check it out.
4	I am Vietnamese and Chinese so when I found out there was FINALLY a Vietnamese restaurant in Henderson, I had to try it out!  My nail guy said the BBQ pork was pretty good, so I headed there with my daughter to check it out.  I ordered the Bun thit ( BBQ Pork) over vermicelli noodles, eggrolls and nuoc mam...it was alright, definitely not like mommas but was better than driving all the way to Chinatown to get decent Vietnamese food.  My daughter had her usual, Pho with no meat or veggies ( she's only 10 and hates onions). I did taste her pho, the broth wasn't bad ( again not like mom's!).  We also ordered the shrimp wrapped sugarcane- which actually came out with no sugarcane but was again no bad. It came with the lettuce, mint, basil and a few other herbs that most Americans won't eat and I don't know how to say in English. Overall, I am just SO happy there is a Vietnamese place in Henderson.  I would definitely recommend to anyone that has never had Vietnamese before, it's so healthy and delicious!
4	Overall a good experience. We were hungover and decided to try this place  since it's literally right across the street from where we live. We were actually very surprised at how good the service was, and how all the servers spoke English and were able to get all of our picky orders right. I don't think I've been to one Vietnamese restaurant here in Vegas where the servers were able to fully comprehend the phrase "beef on the side". We all had the pho tai and it was delicious.
5	I absolutely love this place! The pho broth is one of the best I've had, and I've tried pho in various chinatown cities. The shaken beef was a nice surprise; tender filet pieces sauteed with onions...yum! And the spring rolls, which I thought would be the fried version, turned out to be what I usually call summer rolls with shrimp and pork. I am from out of town and had to try everything I could before going back home....and I find myself craving the pho the most! Will definitely go back the next time I am in Henderson.
4	The greatest thing about Lemongrass is its location.  Being the first Vietnamese place in Henderson to my knowledge, it's great to save the 20 minutes going to Chinatown.I had the grilled pork and eggrolls on vermicelli.  The dish itself was probably a 7 out of 10, but definitely tasty, fresh, and reasonable ($9).  The same dish is $6 or 7 at Pho So No 1, my favorite Viet cafe in town.  The service was decent.  We had to get the waitress' attention a couple of times for water/napkins, but it wasn't a big deal.  She was very attentive once we got her attention.When I must have Vietnamese, I will go to Pho So No 1.  However, if I want the food and experience without the driving, Lemongrass is a grea substitute.  Also, the diner building is kind of weird with the club lighting inside, but it's cool.  Way to be green and take over an existing space instead of building more and more and adding to the vacant space in the Valley.
4	I have been here around 8 times so far, and I have always been pretty happy with the food and service.  I almost always order the pho, and it is made well here.  It might not be quite as good or cheap as some of the places in/near Chinatown, but Lemongrass Cafe is much closer to where I live and it's nice to have good Vietnamese food without the drive.  And actually, it seems like the quality of the pho has improved over the last few months.  The only other things I have had on the menu were the egg rolls (good) and the bun with lemongrass beef (very good).  I keep wanting to try some of the stir-fried items, but I usually only decide to eat here when I am craving pho.  This is a good place for people who want to have Vietnamese food without driving across the city, and it also would be a good place for people wanting to try Vietnamese food for the first time.
5	This is my personal favorite place to eat when I'm home. I do a lot of travelling in my line of work, and I've tried Vietnamese food in Hawaii, all around the US and Europe, go figure, but Lemongrass Cafe would have to be my all time fave. The broth they use for their pho is absolutely addicting, the vegetables are always fresh and clean, and the appetizers are all so awesome, my eyes get bigger than my stomach. They also have a special satay sauce that's their own recipe, if you like garlic and spice, this sauce is meant for you. I'm home 10 days a month, and I'd eat here everyday, if I could. It's a fairly new establishment and the staff there are all so very nice. Good Luck & Enjoy
2	Theres not enough meat in the pho, u can get double the amount of meat in Chinatown, LV. Too much cinnamon and star anise in the broth. I'd much rather drive the distance to Chinatown to get my money's worth. They better change that or they won't be in business long.
5	This place definitely gives all the chinatown spots a run for their money.. the food is amazing and its CLEAN!! If you're hating on this spot then u don't know how to eat or your family probably owns Pho kim long or some ish.. Have I mentioned the fresh squeeze Limonade and oj? they literally go squeeze them by hand right after u place the order! Now thats service folks!! Ask DJ Dig dug, Melo D and Kimcess! We ate there 4 times last week! Big shout out to DJ Crooked and Kenny @ Knyew! Word to yo motha!
4	I won't pretend to be a pho expert, but I really enjoy the pho at this place.  I went for the first time last week and enjoyed it so much I went back the next day.  It's a great cheap place to get your pho fix.NOTE: They have a large and a regular size.  The large is gigantic.  Of course, I had large both times, but I may have to downsize next time.  That's a lot of pho!
5	Lemongrass Cafe is great!  Not only is it a nice, clean, and well-lit restaurant with a convenient location and friendly staff, the prices are really low!   The pho here is really good.  A large bowl will be enough for two or even three people, and it's very flavorful and spice-y (not spicy), probably the best in the valley so far.  (Yes, I've been to Pho So 1, Pho Saigon 8, Pho Kim Long, Hue Thai, Pho at TI, and many others).  They have good crepes and appetizers, as well, and the traditional Vietnamese coffee drinks.  The service is great, and they invited us in even though it was about 20 minutes to closing time, and they treated as wonderfully, and kept refilling our water and asking if we needed anything else.  We fed a family of 8 on about $40!  Great place to go, even if you're a vegetarian.The only thing lacking here at Lemongrass is the Vietnamese style sandwiches.  They actually don't have any!  Of course, I have another place that serves this for me, but it'd be nice to have it here, as well, especially since they actually have all the ingredients for them served with other items on the menu...  Recommended.
5	This is my new favorite Vietnamese place. It's not too far from home and nice and clean inside. The pho broth here is delicious.  I only tried 5 dishes so far but they were all excellent, prices are reasonable (don't forget to mention yelp for the discount) and the staff is very friendly. During our last visit I had a glimpse at the kitchen and the cooking staff seemed to be all Vietnamese and male. That is pretty darn impressive if you know what I mean... =)
5	I'd like to reiterate everything I've said in the previous review.  This place is nice, well-lit, has soft music, is clean and fairly classy (not hole-in-the-wall-ish), has very very delicious food, friendly and non-overbearing staff, and so forth.  In my last review I mentioned that it was disappointing that they didn't have Vietnamese style sandwiches (banh mi).  But now they do!  And they're actually very good!  The bread is fresh and tasty, and they're pretty liberal with the meat filling, generous with the herbs and spices, and not overwhelming with the pickled daikon and carrots.  The taste is a little different than at Pho Thanh Huong, but the difference will be choosing between Coke and Pepsi instead of choosing between Coke and Crap.  Both are good in their own way, and preference will be simply a matter of taste, and not a matter of quality.  They are $3.75 each, $0.75 more than Pho Thanh Huong.A few more specific recommendations:  The Pho of course is excellent, and I find it to be the best in Vegas so far.  At $7 for two people, can't beat the price (though other pho places are comparable, of course).The Lime Soda is to die for!  Lots of sugar, and certainly not something to drink every day, but a must-have once a month or so!My favorite appetizer is the Vietnamese Crepe, full of pork and shrimp and many other deliciousnesses, but it's a tad pricey at $8.  It's good for the table, though.Second favorite appetizer is the regular Spring Rolls.  It has a nice crunch, it has both shrimp and pork, lots of vegetables, and of course they have the *best* peanut dipping sauce in any Vietnamese place I've tried yet.  These are only $6.Go go go to Lemongrass!  I go there often, especially since it's about 9 minutes from my house.
4	Give the food three stars but overall a four because of the outstanding service I always receive. Better to be had on Spring Mountain but this place is good for a fix since they were the only place in Henderson until recently. It will be interesting now that another joint opened up literally across the street.
4	Great service and great food a must try for anybody a fan of PHO or VietnameseVery reasonable too!
5	Best Pho in Begas! Far better than the one in Chinatown! The broth is soo comforting! We always get the combo meat on he outside! The owner and the wait staff are sooo gracious! It's quite a drive out but it is soo worth it!! A must to get your pho craving fixed!!
4	Their rice dishes are really good and service is great
4	The staff is so nice here.  My first time here, I got the spicy lemongrass tofu and Thai iced tea.  The Thai tea is divine.  My friend got the pho and the broth was great/portions HUGE. I didn't LOVE my dish but I ventured back to give it another shot.  My bf and I got there near closing and they still took us in graciously.  I got Thai tea again and the boy tasted mine and got one for himself.  We started with shrimp spring rolls (they made them without pork on our request).  He got the eggroll and chicken vermicelli bowl and downed it, and I got the vegetarian crepe (tofu, bean sprouts, carrots, daikon, shiitakes) + herbs and nuoc cham.  It was delightful.  They did add banh mi to the menu and there is a veggie one but it didn't have tofu.  The menu is large and I think next time I am all about the sugar cane shrimp!UPDATE 2/2/10: I actually did get the sugar cane shrimp vermicelli bowl this weekend.  It was not at all what I expected.  I thought the shrimp would be ground around sugarcane, but it was ground to look like strips of meat (I almost thought it was and had to question the staff to make sure) - anyway, they gave me a side of sliced jalepenos and the bowl itself was great.  I probably would not order it again.  They do have custom banh mi now that I want to try for $3.75 per sandwich.
5	I visited this restaurant this past Sat. 8/1/09 for the very first time and  enjoyed everything that was served to our group. We ordered their veggie rolls, and chicken rolls. Yum!! Everything made with fresh herbs and tasted fresh. Then I had the pho of the house and it was also delicious. Ordered the grilled steak sandwich, and this was the best of the best! Returned on Mon. and Tues. to try other sandwiches and all of them were consistently good. First time trying vietnamese food and I was completely impressed with the quality of ingredients used and the freshness. The prices were moderate, and the service was a bit slow, but it was made up with the food. Will return again, and again and will pass on the info. to friends for sure! LOVED IT!!
3	I am vietnamese and i can say that when it comes down to Pho, i know it better than most cuisines i enjoy. Lemongrass Cafe is not in the upper tier of good vietnamese cuisine but is consistently decent. The broth of the Pho wasn't fatty and had a nice taste to it but the flavor of the broth wasn't deep. It didn't have the rich beef flavor i personally enjoy. I was very dissapointed by the vietnamese crepes here, they didn't have much flavor at all probably because the shrimp, pork and veggies were thrown into the middle of the cooked crepe instead of slowly cooked with the batter. The vermicelli dishes were good and consistent with most vietnamese restaurants. The staff was very kind, accomodating and i would have gone back but Pho Saigon 8 just opened up across the street.
2	I am absolutely disgusted by the high reviews this place got.I expect a place with mediocre/below mediocre and barely authentic Vietnamese food to at least have good service.  Service was horrid (half an hour before we got asked for our drink orders), but that isn't the dominant reason for the low rating.The broth was just salty with little actual flavor.  Portions were small and the price was much higher than that of REAL Viet places.I can certainly see the draw of this place --it's close to Green Valley and suburbs of Las Vegas. Go here if you must, but if you've been to the Little Saigons, the Little Vietnams, or a Vietnamese grandma's kitchen, you'll leave unsatisfied.  Go to Pho So 1 on Decatur and Spring Mountain -- little grimier, but loads better.
2	Hey, the owners are really nice the waiters are assholes.I don't think so, I am not gonna spend money in a place where a sneer from some waiter is deemed a reply to any questions.And they do not have vegetarian pho.  The pho is passable just because chinatown is so far away.But, pho saigon 8 opened across the street so, I go there and the pho is good like in chinatown.(they also have vegetarian pho and good spring rolls)
3	50's Dinner decorVietnamese menuInteresting mixPho was goodIce Vietnamese Coffee was goodService was goodBuhn mi OK, but I wouldn't buy it again here.
4	The service can be slow, and the food is slightly overpriced for what it is.  That being said, I eat here quite often because in my opinion the food is actually very good.  It is the best Vietnamese I have had in Henderson.
4	If you have a fetish for pho, forget restaurants altogether and just make your own.  Damn, people, it's not hard!  Lemongrass Cafe's pho is just okay, but every restaurant's pho is just okay.  BUT... if you bring a friend and just order the 7 Courses of Beef meal for two, they will rock your world, fill your stomachs, and barely scratch your lunch budget.  I forget what it costs, but it's cheap.  I think it's less than $20.  I've long since forgotten what was in it (the seven courses showed a full spectrum of tastes), but I'll never forget that it was great.
4	Lemongrass Cafe has good Vietnamese food at decent prices. The restaurant is in this renovated ex-diner joint, and I love that they kept the decor. The place was very clean, unlike some other pho places in Las Vegas I got the combination pho that consisted of beef, tendon, half a meatball, and flat noodles. The broth was flavorful without being too salty. The ratio between meat, noodles, and broth was balanced. And I loved that they offer a small and large bowls! Me and my sister got some good spring rolls also. I highly recommend this place. Where else can you get a bowl of pho with Vietnamese music playing in the background, but with fifties ambiance? Now I don't have to make a journey to Chinatown and risk running into homeless people, traffic, and prostitutes!
2	We have given this place several try's. I have really wanted to like it, it's close to my house and took over a cute old diner. The service here is just bad and saying that about a pho spot is kind of redundant. However that only fly's when you are in Chinatown. We actually waited 20 min for our food after we ordered?!? For a bowl of Pho?? Usually it's on the table 30 seconds after you order it. There may have been six pieces of meat in my small bowl. Which besides the ammount of broth was the same as the large bowl. Then they come around to vacuume by our table at 9:00? They close at 10 and are telling people at 9:45 they will have to get the food to go(they went somewhere else....go figure). As far as the food it's just OK. I have eaten in Pho places all over and some are a little better than others but they are all pretty much the same. Just give me a large portion with pleanty of vegg on the side and I'll be happy. Pho 8 opening across the street is gonna put a serious crimp in thier numbers. Or maybe it already has they were basicly empty when we were there?!?
2	Disappointing!  I had a craving for pho and thought I'd try this place out instead of driving all the way to chinatown.  I should have made the drive.  I ordered the combination pho without meatballs...broth tasted really odd (like it had way too much star anise) and it was lukewarm (huge no no), the meat was very stringy, and the veggies that came on the side were sadly wilted.  I also ordered springrolls, and there were three good sized rolls.  However, the pork in the rolls was very dry and the sauce was really bad (really really bad).  I ate half of one before giving up.Also, the waitstaff was really dismissive.  And my order took forever to come out.  There were only two other tables of patrons so it wasn't as though the place was packed.Save yourself the trouble and drive out to one of the pho restaurants on spring mountain.
4	Okay, this place is f*cking awesome. The food is great, Chicken Pho is my fave, but there's this one lady that works there that is an absolute bitch, and she treats me like shit every time she serves me (which isn't too often) Anyway, besides her, I definitely recommend this place.
4	This is the only Vietnamese place in Vegas that I know which has a complete menu, not just pho. There salads are good, as is the barbeque.  The staff is also very attentive.  Nice atmosphere too.
4	Decided to try Lemongrass Cafe as it is in our neighborhood and we were looking for something different.I thought the food was very good (as did my wife and child).  We had the spring rolls with peanut sauce, a large bowl of chicken pho, and the vermicelli with grilled pork and pork meatballs.  Everything was very good quality and the wait staff and owner were very friendly.The pork meatballs in the vermicelli were particularly good - lean, good texture and flavorful.  In fact, all of the ingredients were fresh, of good quality and the meats were all very lean.Nice mixed crowd of all types here as well - families, couples, etc...Recommended for a good quality neighborhood restaurant, and something very different (in a very good way) from typical suburban Las Vegas restaurants.   Seemed to be a reasonable value as well for the quality.This appears to be a good quality local small business that is important to support to have a diversity of choice and to support small businesses in Henderson.
5	Only had the Banh Mi, it was pretty good, and spicy. $3.75 for grilled chicken. I think this is one of those old "5 and Dine" that went out of business. So...its pretty cramped, booths look like they sit only about 4 maybe 6...
1	With all the restaurants that closed, i don't know why this place is still open. The food sucks here. We ordered rare beef & tendon soup and seafood crispy egg noodles. The soup and the sauce they put on the noodles are very salty and the meat, seafood and veggies are not fresh. The seafood taste like frozen food. After the food was served, nobody even came to our table to ask us how's the food or if we need anything else and there were only 6 customers (including us) in there so they can't say they are busy.  Maybe they knew their food is bad and they don't want to hear it from us. Pricey too.  Would not recommend this place and will never go back here. Pho Saigon 8 which is less than a mile away from this restaurant is alot better or go to Spring Mountain...lots of choices.
5	The other night had pho tai and the number 89 (I think). Pho was okay. But this number 89 Chicken dish was absolutely amazing.
4	I eat here regularly and their spring rolls are the best in town! They are so good and fresh! Also the spicy lemongrass Beef and Pork dish are very good (88 or 89?). Pho is pretty good, but their are better places in town for that. Overall the prices are good, food is consistantly good, and the restaurant has a nice relaxed atmosphere.
5	the soup great as well as the sandwiches !
4	A friend suggested to meet for lunch at the Lemongrass! I was not disappointed! With nearly 3 Vietnamese restaurants nearby - one of which I had already been - I thought Lemongrass was far superior! The  staff is friendly, the dining room clean and the food delicious! The price is right too!If you're looking for a great, healthy, affordable meal I'd highly recommend Lemongrass!
4	saw some crazily overpriced banh mi on TLC's best of sandwich show last night and was inspired  to try Lemongrass Cafe's finally.  still yummy...got the grilled beef with all the fixins' and a Thai iced tea to go.  This was delicious - I ate it while driving home.  The good: delicious flavor, fresh veggies, jalepenos, crispy bread, and for non-pork eaters, they have beef, chicken, egg, and veggie choicesThe not-so-good: $3.75 plus tax, way smaller than the $3 with tax banh mi at Pho Thanh Huong, and I got reprimanded for using my credit card for under $10 order (showed her proof that I had no cash)needless to say, I will come back here because they have good food and it is affordable.  If I got another banh mi, I would try the fried egg one mmm!
5	This is the only pho spot that I know of that caters to vegetarians, so for that reason alone, I am a huge fan of Lemongrass Cafe! You have to request the vegetarian broth because it's not on the menu. The broth is very flavorful and I barely have to add any lime to it! I always get the tofu pho with veggie broth. You can either have them add the extra veggies to it, or just leave it plain with just the onion and cilantro. Just make sure you specify. When I used to eat meat, I remember squeezing tons of lime in my pho broth to give it flavor. So for this veggie broth to be delicious enough without a bowl of lime, I think that speaks for itself.I also like the lemongrass tofu vermicelli dish. If you're a veggie, ask for a side of the special soy sauce blend instead of the fish sauce. The tofu texture is perfect and tasty - not mushy in the least bit. I request it without bean sprouts because they get in the way. The mango ice cream is yummy too. The portion is quite generous, so you can split it with one or two of your friends. I love this restaurant - I can probably eat here every other day if I had the funds! For veggies who want a tasty soup or a delicious noodle dish, give this place a try. I got my other veggie friends to like it. If you see me, make sure to say wassup!! Tofu pho is the truth, I'm just sayin'.
5	I'm very serious when it comes to Vietnamese food.. meaning I love it and enjoy it and definitely know how to rate the food if it's good or bad.  When you first get here, you feel like you're walking into a 60's diner with it's metal frame and round window doors...But as the door open, you instantly smell the Pho broth and suddenly feel the rush of home.  The seating is like a diners with all booth seating which makes it for interesting experience.  The service was good, consider they were short on staff.  Hai our server definitely was on top of everything. The greatest part is they were all Vietnamese and spoke the language. (sorry don't like walking into a Vietnamese restaurant and the people working do not speak a lick of the language).I don't know if it was hang over food (but I wasn't hangover) or if it was because we had a long weekend of partying and lack of sleep but the food was DELISH!!!  I ordered the Vegetarian Ban Xeo (vietnamese crepes), Bun Bo Hue (Spicy beef Noodle) and tried the Pho as well as Goi Ga (Chicken Salad).. it was all very delicious....Their extensive menu catering to Vegetarians is awesome as well.. so I highly recommend it...Portions were worth every penny...Loved it and well definitely revisit..
3	This place turned an old diner into a Pho joint. the food was decent here but nothing great, it is one of the only two in the area so choices in this part of town are limited. Overall I would go back if Siagon 8 was closed but other than that I would rather drive to Spring mountain for my Pho fix.
5	having been here only once, i can tell you that i will definitely be returning. the food is fresh, authentic, and delicious. the waitstaff is friendly and courteous. next time, i will be eating in instead of doing takeout. and you can't beat the prices.There is absolutely nothing wrong eating here 3 times a week. i would also like to add that their #69 (tofu with vermicelli noodles) is so so so so so so good.........smokey and flavorful.
4	Lemongrass Cafe is my go-to pho joint. A diner looking place that was revamped. They have a little counter seating as well with huge booth seating.The pho broth is delicious although sometimes a little salty. The meat delicious and tender. Great place to eat if you are hungover! My grilled chicken bahn mi is awesome at $3.50! You can tell their baguette is freshly made too.Service is always excellent (compared to pho saigon 8 right across the street). The woman (who I think is the owner) is so sweet! I like that they offer fried tofu pho, although I get rare beef, tendon and I ask them if they can add tofu as well, which they did. I have ordered take out pho from them several times. The first time, I asked if they could keeep the noodles and broth seperate and they said they already always do that. (Had to make sure, you never know and I don't want soggy noodles) They keep the broth in a styrafoam container along with raw meats, green onion/shallot/cilantro mixture and the noodles in a styrofoam plate on the side, and a small baggie with bean sprouts and basil. They give a little container of hoisin and sriracha all ready to be consumed!
1	Pho soup is not that tasty compare to the one i always go! The service is not that bad! The price is too much for the taste! A few cup of beef pride rice is way too expensive for $9.00 wow! Would not go back there! I spend about $60 dollars for 2 large soup thats almost taste like water and salt,1 beefpriderice,2 charlbroild fork that really tin and tiny! 1 can of coke that was accidentally spilled and was not replaced!
4	It may be called Lemongrass Cafe but the outside looks like Mel's Diner.  Seemed like a lot of people in the office were craving pho and I mentioned the 10% off via Yelp and that helped seal the deal for lunch. The clock outside the restaurant said 9:00 but the place was pretty busy at 2 in the afternoon. I like coming here because the staff is always really friendly, and the pho comes out quick before your done wiping down the soup spoon.  I don't like the short wooden chopsticks they give you, but just my only personal pet peeve.  The Bun Bo Hue here is my favorite and the broth consistently has great flavor. *slurp*.  Pho Dac Biet and Bun Thit Nuong get honorable mention also.  Quick and satisfying.  Pho sho!
5	I think this is one of the top 3 Pho places in VegasThe broth is amazing. I talked to the owner and she said they start the broth for tomorrow at 5pm today. The spices are baked (maybe toasted?) before they are added to the broth. You can't get better unless you go to Spring Mountain.I haven't tried much on the menu because the soup is too good, but friends I have gone with have told me that the non-soup food is good also.
4	Average, but good food in a 50's diner
3	For those of you on the east side of town, Lemongrass Cafe offers a decent bowl of pho, if you get the craving but don't want to drive across town to Spring Mountain during your lunch hour.Been here a bunch of times, but am such a fan of pho that I always end up ordering a bowl of pho and an order of fresh spring rolls (which always hit the spot.I will have to say that the one time I deviated from my usual was a sore disappointment...  My husband and I love bahn mi, so I bought a few to take home and try.  They totally missed the mark on the bread (good french bread is the key!), which ruined the whole sandwich.
5	Over the last 3 or 4 years my fascination with  southern pacific cuisine has increasingly grown and as of today it is stronger than ever.  There's something about southern Asian ingredients that I find to be so exciting, fresh and particularly pleasing to my pallet.  When done right there are few people in the nation eating as good as you, and in Las Vegas the Lemongrass Cafe is home to "done right" Vietnamese cuisine.  The Pho here is the best I've had in Las Vegas.  The rare steak is so flavorful and tender, the noodles are cooked perfectly, just firm enough to taste and feel the texture of every single noodle. The broth is so clean and refreshing just add sprouts, chili paste and hoisin sauce to taste and dig in. Now lets get to the Bahn Mi (Vietnamese Sandwich) WOW PEOPLE, I possibly couldn't think of a better flavor combination than what the hell is going down in one of these bad boys.  The textures and flavors our out of this world. Crunchy baguette, pickled veggies, nicely seasoned pork, and a little bit of heat. This sandwich brings it home with three out of the five food groups in the Leo flavor spectrum ( Crunchy, Pickled, & Porky )
4	We have been there twice now. Friendly staff and great food. Tried the seven courses of beef, it was delicious! And the three colored dessert is one of our favorites.
5	This place is great for vietnamese food. For appetisers we tried the bahn mi's. There is 4 different kinds. We ordered 3. Beef,pork and chicken bahn mi's with spring rolls. Bahn mi's are sandwiches filled with your choice of meat and slices of cucumbers carrots and daikon ( asian adishes). The spring rolls are nice and refreshing with crisp vegetables.
3	Maybe I came with expectations too high. Maybe I came on a bad day. But Lemongrass Cafe did not do it for me. I dragged the husband to this place (we drove around for about 20 mins cos my GPS was taking me to weird places) and finally come to it. It's a Vietnamese place that is in one of those old school diner structures. Intrigued? Yes I was. I galloped into the restaurant. Service was good. The waitress was very sweet and made recommendations for us. We had the followingVietnamese Crepe (Vegetarian) - This is probably why I'm giving the place 3 stars and not 2. Tasted amazing and was HUGE. Note to self: Vietnamese Crepes are only starters when there are 5 people at the table. The expectations grew higher after the stellar crepeVeggie Pho with Tofu and Veggies - Have to give it to them. Portion sizes are generous. The Pho was not flavorful. It was like vegetable stock. Quite disappointing. I could microwave something in 2 minutes that could have tasted similarLemongrass Tofu - Eh.....I've had better. The tofu by itself was quite overpowering and had a pretty weird smell but with the rice, I was able to eat a few bites. They did honor the 10% discount on the menu when I mentioned "Yelp." The total bill with the discount was around $30. I'll probably not be back. I think the Pho at Veggie Delight tastes superior.
5	I love this restaurant.  The best Vietnamese food we've found in Vegas.  We've only been here twice, but will definitely be going back for more.  Staff is very friendly, atmosphere is unpretentious.  Our last visit we had the seven courses of beef.  Delicious! Definitely recommend.
5	My favorite dishes at Lemongrass: Bun Bo Hue (Medium Spicy)Spring Rolls (Goi Cuon)Egg Rolls (Chai Gio)Beef Salad (Goi Bo)Pho Special (Pho Dac Biet)Baguette Sandwich Special (Banh Mi Dac Biet)Beef & BroccoliBeef Porrige (Bo Chao) 3 Colored Dessert (Tre Ba Mau)Mango Ice CreamHope you enjoy your experience too! :)
4	Back in July 2010, I was looking for good "Pho" eats place off the Vegas strip and not on Spring. So the Fam and I found Lemongrass Cafe near a theater complex where we saw The Last Air Bender (for the kids).We later tried the traditional Pho bowl (as pictured) and the broth and tenderness of the beef was decent. Being a diner, I almost wanted to order a cheese burger and onion rings - lol, give this place a try.-FM
5	My husband and I really enjoyed everything... My husbands ex wife is vietnamese and a great cook and this is great food.we had pho was rich and delish. The spring rolls with shrimp were as fresh as it gets. I had a beef dish with red rice, the beef was really tastey and tender, the red rice is made with tomatoes I was told it was great.
1	After searching on Yelp, we decided to try this restaurant yesterday when we were in Las Vegas.We ordered 2 bowls of Pho and we were very disappointed1) They brought a plate of Soy bean sprout and the basil leaves. The bean sprouts were not fresh and the basil leaves were all had BLACK spot in almost each leaf. 2) the soup is supposed to be the soul of Pho dish, it was watery with no taste of Beef Soup at all
4	Great if you want to get food fast that is not "fast food".And it's pretty healthy too.  :)I always get the spring rolls and a small Chicken Pho.... love it.The rolls are fresh and crunchy.The Pho is hot and filling.  (Note: the large is LARGE... it can easily feed 2 people.)I like that you can make the soup as spicy as you like by adding the jalapenos and hot sauce.The Pho broth is clear and has good flavor on its own but like I mentioned... you can make it spicy.The chicken pieces are big and plenty.The noodles are not that exciting but hey... they are noodles... Food: 4 starsService: 3 stars (this isn't the Ritz)Ambiance: 3 stars (see above)Ease of parking and getting in and out of: 5 starsPrice: 5 stars (My husband and I can fill up and have 2 non-alcoholic beverages for under $20)Will I be back?  You bet!  During the cooler months, I like to go about once a week.
2	I give this place 1 star, but that's just my opinion. I've had my share of Pho' and so this is only from MY taste buds. We ordered spring rolls, house sandwich, and seafood pho'. My opinion in taste, is that it wasn't authentic. I prefer Pho' so 1 or Kim Long and for the sandwich I would go to Hue Thai. The bread seemed like it was just a hoagie roll rather than a French baguette. This place is only good for getting your quick fix but to be satisfied I would drive the distance to china town area.  Service was fast and friendly and gave me 10% off bill for mentioning Yelp. So i'm bumping up a star.
3	Dear Lemongrass Cafe,I like this place but y'all need to stop vacuuming while I'm eating. I know that Las Vegas RJ review called your floors dirty. LOL!  But c'mon man, not while there's people trying to eat. It's loud, rude, and totally not acceptable. You should know better. That's like spraying lysol a few feet away from me to clean an area. Best,Mikey
4	MmmMm! I've never had a juicy vietnamese sandwich before.  I've always been picky on what sandwich I should eat, and usually I go for the pork.  But this time I went for the grilled beef and OMG yes it was good.  For an (asian) restaurant, yes I was surprised to say it was clean.The people were great, and our food came out within 15 mins of ordering.Sadly I only ordered a sandwich, but it does guarantee another return!
4	Amazing shrimp spring rolls. I come here all the time, and there's something for everyone.. Vegetarian, pescetarian, carnivore.. It's always a reliable meal, cheap, healthy and tasty! Not necessary a romantic place though, since it's a converted 50's diner.
3	I've never expected great decor from Vietnamese eateries, but a Viet restaurant inside in 50's style diner is something I've never thought I'd see.  It's strange but understandable after the economic crash and restaurants closing over night causing property owners to rent out space quickly and cheaply.Lemongrass is the exact place where you shouldn't judge a book by its cover.  It serves up some of the most authentic everyday Vietnamese dishes, there are even a couple of specialties I've never seen anywhere else in Vegas.There are the standard Pho noodle soups, vermicelli noodle salads, and Banh Mi sandwiches, which allow me to never have to drive to Chinatown if I have a craving for the usual fare.But if you're a non-Vietnamese and have never had something besides the dishes listed above, let me draw your attention to a few Viet offerings that are less-known but just as delicious:1. Stuffed Calamari: fresh squid stuffed with minced glass noodle, shrimp, and ground pork and then deep fried.  This dish is time-consuming to make and doesn't yield too much profit (which explains why I've mainly had it home-made) but completely yummy.2.  Tuna in Tomato Sauce: a peasant favorite that stands the test of time; it brings me back to the days of when my grandma used to cook this for me.  It sounds simple and it is: tuna filets are fried and then topped with crushed tomatoes with garlic and basil.  Simplicity in peasant food is usually what makes it so emotional.3.  Lotus Salad: usually seen at parties, a rare exception (we don't have too many salads) in Vietnamese cuisine that works.  Thin pieces of lotus stems are mixed with jicama, pork, shrimp, and mint, then topped with roasted peanuts and served with tamarind fish sauce.  A healthy alternative as an appetizer or main entree.
4	My favorite local place for Pho.  Close to my house & work. Good food, good service.  I love that you can call in for take out orders.
5	I've always had great service here.  Food is awesome!  It's so late right now, just listening to the rain, I think I shall be having some Pho for lunch tomorrow!  And guess where I'm not going..Pho Saigon 8 on Eastern because they suck! Their service is the worst ever! Too bad, because I think their food is actually good too! I go where service is good! And of course the food is awesome!
2	They're getting a 2 only because I have had very limited experience with Pho, and it could just be I don't like what's considered good Pho, so yeah I'd give a 1, but still take this with a grain of salt.Broth was almost tasteless and what you could taste was too sweet.  Noodles were clumped together, and the menu is just too big to have anything of real quality in my opinion.  I understand that most were the same with small variations, if that's the case have the variations as toppings.  Condense something.Atmosphere is really weird, as this used to be a diner, and the seating is pretty cramped.I can't recommend this place, but again, my experience with vietnamese food is limited.  Granted my friends with me who had been to more places like this said it was sub-par.
4	This was really good beef pho!  And served in the weirdest ambience of a 50's diner that played what seemed like karaoke tune tracks!  The strangeness was outbalanced by the deliciousness.  Add in a little (lot) of chili paste and let the sweat fly here, you won't regret it.
3	My husband loves chicken. So when he said we should go have some pho for dinner, I knew Lemongrass Cafe was THE place to go thanks to the review by Matt S.I ordered plain pho without meat and my better half went with chicken pho and a chicken banh mi. We both had smalls which was more then enough.  I didn't try much of the chicken pho because he went a little bonkers with the chili sauce... to the point that he had broken out into a sweat and was crying from the heat. I am a baby when it comes to that! I did have a couple bites of the banh mi, the bread was nice and crunchy yet still soft, the chicken was seasoned deliciously and the veggies they put on it were so good. My pho was tasty, as other reviewers have mentioned the brother is nice and hot... but my noodles were a bit clumpy. Service was a touch spotty. I didn't get a refill on my iced tea until I was done eating, and we ended up walking up to the cashier to pay because our check was not brought out to us. But the price was good, $21 for our food, my tea and a beer. Overall I would rate Lemongrass Cafe a 3.5, but I am going to round down for the time being as I do plan on going back again in the future.
5	i'm no pho expert but theirs was sooooo goood.....i almost got a second order to go....broth was super flavorful even before i added my favorite condiments....someone said their noodles were all stuck together but all you have to do is give it a quick stir with your chopsticks and they're all separated and waiting to be slurped up! can't wait to go back...wish they were open late night too.... YUMMY!
3	Very decent joint which confused the heck outta me because it looked like a diner from the 50s? 60s? 80s?? One of those eras...I got the beef stew soup (off the menu) which was pretty yummy. It was the ultimate comfort soup after a night of debauchery with my friends ;)I have yet to try the pho but they do offer decent selections of vegetarian dishes. Yes, this pho joint is vegetarian-friendly =)There was only two people really working the front and they seemed so haggard from running around getting the food, dishes, and other requests for the diners. It was pretty busy... poor lady.
5	Been coming here since it opened. Best Pho ever! Way better then Pho kim long. I drive from the Northwest part of town for this bowl of goodness. And you should too. And its in a super cute dinner car.
4	We ended up here by accident; a very lucky accident.The original destination was Ali-Baba's next door but they were closed. We were almost the only people there and the service was great. We each got our favorite noodle dish (#66 & 68 here) and they were both perfect. It was nice to find such great food in an old Denny's Diner
5	If you like authentic Thai food, and especially pho, then you'll love this Thai restaurant found in the most unlikely of places, inside a 50s style Diner. I found this little gem on Yelp, and have returned several times. I sit at the bar on the same stool, and have the same exact thing each time, chicken soup. Get a large bowl and you'll have enough left over for another meal.Say hi if you see me sitting at the bar :)Reza
3	While in Vegas last week, I got a sudden urge for some Banh Mi and Chicken Pho and of course, almighty Yelp led us to Lemongrass Cafe.Yeah, yeah, the outside looks like a 50's diner, actually now that I think of it, it kind of resembled an oversized Streamline trailer.  But hey, who cares, you're there for the food, not to play Architectural Digest trivia.Their menu was quite extensive as it had your basic Vietnamese and Thai offerings along with, Banh Mi...yay!  Talk about a perfect trifecta of Asian food!  So, I order my Chicken Pho and I shared the Combo Banh Mi with the s/o.  Pricing was a little bit on the high side compared to the Bay Area, my Pho was pushing $7 and the Banh Mi was $3.75.Our Banh Mi took awhile to make, not sure why but when it came out, I was slightly disappointed.  It's thickness was mostly the bread's doing but it was also short but oh well.  I took a bite into it and the sandwich redeemed itself, it was quite delicious for such a small thing.  The bread was tasty, not sure if they bake it on site but it sure tasted like they did.  But, still disappointed about how small it was.  When it comes to Banh Mi, size certainly matters, the longer the better, right? ;)My Chicken Pho was good, pretty basic, can't really mess it up.  However, my bowl had a lot of chicken.  Usually, my general complaint on most food I eat is how skimpy the meat is, well, not my bowl of Chicken Pho, it was loaded!The staff was really friendly.  This one girl who was our server, whoa, talk about stewardess in the making!  She exerted such overwhelming friendliness, courtesy and hospitality.Overall, Lemongrass Cafe was a decent place to eat and worth going to get your Viet/Thai/Banh Mi fix on!
5	i love it here.  it's convenient, affordable and yummy.  take-out or eat-in.  the pho is always hot, soothing and tasty.  the rolls, vermicilli noodles and meats are delicious!  not to mention, the complimentary hot tea is gooooood.  need i say more?!
5	I found my way to the Lemongrass Cafe yesterday as I enlisted the help of Yelp to find a great Vietnamese place in the Silverado Ranch area.  I've driven down Eastern several times in the past few weeks and never would have guessed that 50's diner was a Vietnamese reastuarant plus it's also alittle hidden. If you're not looking for it, you wouldn't even know it's there.Thank you Yelp!I definitely got my fix on Pho, Bahn Mi and spring rolls. I'm such a piglet, however, I didn't eat everything there. I took the Bahn Mi and srping rolls home for dinner. Yum! And to top that....the place was really clean and the service was excellent. Add to that, the server was the most polite and courteous. She even came back to see how my meal was and as I left she thanked me very much for coming.Could I ask for more? yes....5 minutes from my new home (I just moved here from Seattle last month) and it beats driving into Chinatown.Thanks for delicious meal Lemongrass Cafe. See you next week!
5	From the first time I was here to the last time, it seems like the broth drastically improved.  Maybe the lunch cook was better than the dinner cook.  Maybe a few months passed and they changed the recipe.  Maybe I was just really hungry.  Whatever the reason is all I know is that was some of the best pho tai I've had in a very long time.  The service has also improved quite a bit.  They have good from friendly to extremely friendly and attentive.I'm not going to act like I am a pho expert and that my knowledge of pho is more than everyone else, but I've had my fair share of bowls across Cali and Vegas.  This last one had some of the best both I've had in a while.  A lot of places that I've eaten out here at seem watery, the basil isn't fresh, or i'm thinking "where's the beef" (showing my age there).  This one has it all working for it.  I cleared the large bowl, had some egg rolls, and mango ice cream.  The large bowl is large... I just have a healthy appetite.  So much so that the waitress asked if I worked out all the time because she didn't see where all the food was going. Most of all, this place made me home sick.   Awww... Westminster and your tasty eateries I miss you.  Lol!
4	If you are looking to eat Vietnamese food and live in the south east side of town this is the best place to go..  They have the best fresh spring rolls, mango salad, pho and spicy beef dish in this area.  There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the area and they are HORRIBLE.. and I mean HORRIBLE. This is a really good place without having to drive to spring mountain. And if you mention YELP they will give you a 10% discount.
4	Decisions to eat "rolls" at Asian restaurants usually lead to regret, but not at Lemongrass. Their Vietnamese egg rolls are hot, crisp, thin, lightly fried in fresh oil, and served with a handful of mint. The mint is used to erase guilt you might feel by eating fried food when the menu offers many other healthy options. The Vietnamese Crepe fascinates me. We ordered the one with shrimp. It's huge and yellow, like an omelet. It's crispy with lots of holes. See Cayenne's instructions on how to properly eat a Vietnamese Crepe. The hot jasmine tea is complimentary; the sweet, rice flavors set it off.Lots of my buddies are yelping about the Pho. The Pho's good, but I'm no expert. I only eat brothy soups if I'm trying to lose weight. I would not order the Lotus Salad again because I didn't like the flavor and smell of the pork. The chicken spring rolls are less fabulous than the egg rolls, so I wouldn't waste stomach space on those either. Service is fantastic. One of the owners helped me choose delicious menu items our first time in. The decor is an odd mix of framed Asian poster prints, beige booths, purple walls and red neon. Definitely a new favorite.
4	This a hidden jem, and looks like a 50's diner from the outside. Pho is fantastic, and the portions sizes are huge. You can easily share the large pho with another person. I also suggest the shrimp toast and Vietnamese crepe.
4	It's nice to find vegan pho in Vegas. It would be even nicer if it was amazing vegan pho. It's not. The vegetarian bun, however, is. A giant bowl of noodles topped with bean sprouts, fresh herbs and eggrolls. It's like pho minus the broth add eggroll. Super tasty! The  fresh spring rolls are also delicious. On my to try list: banh xeo, banh mi and tofu chili lemongrass.
3	I'm relieved that places like this are untouched by the taint of tourism & the redunkulous prices it commands. Its in the hidden nooks & crannies of the city that the really good mom & pop joints reside. What's particularly enjoyable about lemongrass is it diner setting which is perfect if you're in the area looking for a quick meal or a cozy bowl of pho on a frigid night.Their intoxicating broth will have you glued to your seat & the soup combinations will have you clamoring back for more. The rare meat combinations are particularly divine, generous portions that are quite filling. Add their homestyle spring rolls; soft & crunchy paired well with peanut/fish sauce, for a meal that won't plough through your pocket.So if you're done being a tourist, come to this side of town for some great eats!Update:Downgrading down a star. Service is almost non existent during sunday nights, sorry but its back to kona grill for sunday dinners.
5	My wife and I frequent this restaurant. This is our spot. Very unique atmosphere. Set up in a retro burger joint restaurant is the best pho I can find in Vegas. The owner is super friendly and worth taking a little time out of your day to thank her for such a fine establishment. The menu is awesome. Fresh and savory are the flavors of basil and sprouts as they sink into an amazing bowl of pho with meat balls my favorite. The tea they serve here is worth the trip alone.
5	At first, we weren't sure if it was the restaurant since it looked like a 50's diner. I must commend the freshness of pho, #39 small. Although, it took awhile to make the pho, it was all worth it. I took my first sip and I could already tell a major difference! I, for one, could never tell the difference with pho or sushi BUT I could definitely taste it. We met the owner's niece and she was really friendly. Our first visit, we mentioned yelp and gave us 10% off but now they took it off their website since we always go there at least once a week.After our visit, the bf and I ate 2 more times that same week! It was that good!
5	I decided to have a food adventure with my girlfriend and based on all the positive Yelp reviews, we picked the lemongrass Cafe. I am so glad we did!! We had the most wonderful experience. It was our first time at a vietnamese restaurant and our server , Lisa was super helpful! We ordered the shrimp toast as an appetizer. When it came out it also had gorgeous fresh herbs and lettuce on the plate.Lisa explained to us that you wrap the shrimp toast in the lettuce with the fresh herbs and use the dipping sauce. I never would have known what to do!! Let me tell you, IT WAS DELICIOUS!!! The bread it was on was fantastic !  We decided to try the pho, my first time! It was a warm bowl of goodness! Once again, Lisa was super helpful and so friendly and told us we might want to put some cirracha (sp?) hot sauce in our pho...this just added another yummy dimension. We also met the owner, Tansy, she was a lovely woman also.Let me say that our adventure was awesome! I cant wait to go again!!!
5	My husband and I have been here a million times (ok, maybe not). We have ordered many different items including pho, noodle bowls, spring rolls, fried rice and even flan and mango ice cream for dessert. Everything we have ordered has been good. I highly recommend the mango ice cream!
4	Pork/Beef Spicy Combo: strange items come with this bowl. Pig blood cubes, floppy pork skin, large chunks of fat. Broth was good.Beef Sandwich: Very tasty, good sandwich but small amount of meat. You can order double meet for an additional fee.
5	I went to this place with my friendswe ordered mango salad; egg rolls and bbq pork vermicelli, 2 orders of banh xeo, all of them taste very good,the owner was also very friendlysince she knew that we are Vietnamese, and Vietnamese loves to eat more vegetables in combination with banh xeo, so she told the chef to put more vegetables for us,
4	I've been putting off writing this review, which is a shame, because I love this restaurant. I'd like to give it 4&1/2  stars, but Yelp doesn't work that way. Here's the dealio... The food is spot on, and I'll touch on that next. The owner, very friendly. The wait staff...alas, I missed name tags. The gentleman with the dark hair is always welcoming, efficient and helpful...very warm, over all. Then there's the bald guy....friendly? Not so much. Three visits, and each time he leaves us feeling we've imposed on him. If I knew his days off we'd eat there more often, because the food is damn good!The food....mmmm.... You walk in and the place smells clean, herbaceous and appetizing. Here are a few of our favs: Goi Cuon, delicious rice paper wrapped spring rolls packed with cool, crisp veggies, shrimp and a bit of pork and served with a peanut sauce. For those unfamiliar with the rice paper wrapper, it adds no flavor but simply holds the goodness together. Banh Xeo, an eggy Vietnamese crepe with shrimp, pork, sprouts and shitake mushrooms, served with greens and fresh herbs and a light dipping sauce. You cut off a piece of the crepe, wrap it in lettuce , dip and devour! I can never get enough of the Goi Xoai, the green mango salad..bright, tangy, refreshingly delicious! It's loaded with strips of tart green mango, slices of pork, shrimp and herbs in a light tamarind dressing. And of course there's the Pho, with it's clear fragrant broth. We don't vary too much here, although we should. We get the rare beef, which we request to be brought to the table raw so we can add it ourselves...it is so low in fat that we find it is a bit too done when they add it in the kitchen. We also get one with a combination of rare beef and meatballs whicj is also very good. My only complaint on the Pho would be that they are a bit skimpy on the fresh basil and lemon served on the side, perhaps they've experienced too many diners wasting these. Last but not least, the Banh Mi, delicious Vietnamese sandwiches served on a small, crunchy, baguette roll. We've had a cpl different ones, and they're very good, but fair warning..they're teeninecy! We usually order it cut into pieces and just share it as a quick bite appetizer.Overall, bald dude not withstanding, we'll continue to be frequent visitors. Bonus: The Colonade movie theater is in the same parking lot!
4	Don't usually eat pho on hot days but did it today and it was the right choice. Quick service, peaceful music, and good pho. To bad it was my lunch break I would have had a beer.
5	This review is way past due but as always before I speak i want the facts to not waiver and one thing for sure is the food at Lemongrass does not waiver - my family and I have eaten at Lemongrass a minimum of twice a month if not 4 to 6 times a month since they opened and can honestly say have NEVER had a bad meal!  My son always gets chicken spring rolls and #41 Pho with nothing green!  They are so go to make every dish exactly as you wish, down to the noodle and extra vegtables.  The friendly atmosphere adds to the dining experience where the owner is on the floor and doesn't hesitate to pull up a chair or join you in your booth.  Lemongrass is always the restaurant of choice when we eat out!Thank you for bringing vietnamese food to my family!
4	My search for awesome tofu options in a Vietnamese menu might be over! Let me tell you, tofu options in a Vietnamese restaurant make my heart race. I get even more excited when the tofu is prepared and flavored well. Finding this place must be fate because my craving for some vermicelli noodle dishes pushed me to pursue my quest for the "perfect" Vietnamese dishes. I'm glad I listened to my gut because this place definitely satisfied my cravings. My Fiance and I order for take out. Here are the items we ordered--1.) Shrimp and Pork spring rolls: Nothing out of the ordinary. Packed really dense, looks small. Peanut sauce tastes the same as other places. 2.) Rare steak and meatball pho: my fiance likes it, but the broth slightly lacked flavor and there wasn't as much meat as he wanted or has had from other restaurants. 3.) Tofu Vermicelli: YUM! The carrots, cucumbers, lettuce, peanuts, mint and noodles were very well balanced. I like having more vegetables in my vermicelli dishes so this definitely caught my eye. And the sauce that accompanied it, so light and not overwhelmingly fishy tasting. My only complaint was the tofu was somewhat more oily than I am accustomed; However, the mouthwatering, lemongrass flavor of it outweighed it's oilyness. :P And thank goodness this place is close to where I live. Lemongrass Cafe gives me even more reason not to move too far away from the southeast.
4	Decent pricing, good food (definitely americanized asian food, but not a bad thing!)Really reasonable pricing, and like everything at the Aria, the decor was awesome. Theres actually a dim sum cart at lunchtime (I went on Sunday) that was good, tho def 3x-4x the price of an authentic dim sum joint.OVerall definitely reccomend and get a noodle dish!
3	So...as reading other reviews on this place, someone mentioned that service is non-existent on Sunday nights. I went on a Sunday night.Walked in with my friend and stood around about 5 minutes until someone sat us. -1Was ready to order and waited about 7 minutes for someone to recognize it. -1Food came out pretty quick +1Pho was a good size for a small and spring rolls always get me everytime! +1Had to ask to refill water a couple of times -1Waited while two waiters walked past us to pay at the front. -1Overall, 3 stars. I think I'll try a couple of other places before I head back here again.
4	I am a fan of Lemongrass Cafe.Clean restaurant.  Friendly staff.  I usually order #2 Chicken Spring Rolls and number #38 pho.  Ask for extra lemon or lime or basil if you want/need to.  They usually do not pile up on these items because some guests do not even make use of one or the other.Will post photos to go along with this review.P.S The owner's wife is just awesome!!!
4	Although I proclaim Vietnamese food is one of my all time favorites, if not the favorite, I can never get myself to go to a Vietnamese restaurant. Growing up with a chef for a dad, and a mom that can rival him in this cuisine, makes me never want to pay for something that they can cook better. Anytime pho is mentioned, I find eight friends lining up at the front door.Finally giving in and taking the advice of various friends, I came to this converted 50's diner. When you walk in, you are greeted by the conflicting smell of Vietnamese food and the shell of the western world. Not much has changed in aesthetics besides the few scattered Asian trinkets and framed artwork.The food is a little pricier than you will find in Chinatown, but I do not have to drink a gallon of water to subdue the side effects of MSG overload. I am not saying that they don't use any, it just isn't as noticeable. My group had ordered spring rolls. They were on the small side, but the flavors were all there. I swear I tasted mint in there and that is an ingredient that some places neglect to include and it is a shame. I had ordered the lotus salad. This was exactly what I was craving. Light, flavorful, cool and not greasy. The perfect meal for the summer months. The salad consists of lotus stems, jicama, mint, onions, shrimp, and pork served with a tamarind sauce and shrimp crackers. If you like the Vietnamese version of papaya salad, you would probably like this as well. When it is the middle of July, you will not be in the mood for a big bowl of pho, but know there are still options.
5	Still as good as I remember. Tasty pho broth, yummy spring & summer rolls, and the must-have shaken beef. DELICIOUS! And the owners are so darn cute and friendly, they make us feel like we're part of their family :)
4	Went here on Friday evening.  I was caught off guard by the "diner" building, but I did not let it deter me.  We started with Banb Mi Chien Tom (Shrimp Toast).  It was really tasty, krispy, and great.I could not eat meat as it was the last Friday of Lent, so I went with the Shrimp Cheyote.  The waiter looked at me and said "Spicy?"  I said yes.  Then I got worried.  I wondered if it would be too much for me to handle. But, when it came out it was great.  It had a good punch of heat, but I like that.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly!The bf had the one of the beef Pho dishes, though I cannot remember which.  He really like it.  I did try the broth and it was super flavorful.This is definitely an unexpected treat!  I would go back in a heartbeat.  Though next time, I am getting meat!
2	Buddy and I from work decided to go for a Pho Phix at lunch. We decided to forego our usual place close by to give Lemongrass a try due to their higher  average by the Yelpies. Upon arrival we were concerned if the place was still open. The landscape is overgrown with weeds and the advertisement banners are in disrepair and faded. However the interior was well kept. We sat at the counter for the comfort of sitting with room due to the fact that all the tables are booths (this really isn't a big deal to the general public unless you're over 6'3" and 200lbs+). The stainless steel preparation area behind the counter seemed to have been cleaned with play-dough as there was a milky haze from previous cleaning attempts. I understand Stainless Steel is difficult to keep clean, but it is necessary. We ordered some rolls as we waited for our Pho. The rolls were really good but the condiments and veggie plate needed a little more love. Our pho was ok, broth was not as rich as I'm used to and lacked a good portion of noodles.  Our rare beef was well done. Our regular Pho place down the street has a lower rating but on this day they were leaps and bounds better Then Lemongrass Cafe. I can see how this place might have been good at one time but their lack of attention to detail recently has caused them to receive a low rating.
2	Knocking you guys down a star. The place has become a rather hit & miss as of my latest visit. Broth used to be richer, portion more generous, service has gotten a bit more prompt not enough to warrant the 3star.Time for a new backup pho place?
3	Just okay. Located in an old 70s diner. Hubs and I came for lunch. I got the small seafood pho, he got the large beef pho. We also order the fresh spring rolls. Service was quick. We got our food right away. We got basil(a lot) when I asked for more. Food was ok. Spring rolls were not fresh. I think they were pre made as it was pretty hard. No non msg version of the broth. In my seafood pho there were shrimp, fake crab and squid. Hubs beef pho had brisket, tendon etc. Not bad but not mind-blowing either.
3	I was impressed with the 80-diner theme. Not something you see with Vietnamese restaurant.I thought the waiter was slow in getting our order. And it seem like they're missing all kind of ingredients, which force you to pick another dish. I guess because they open at 10am and we arrived at 10:30am. My friend found a hair strand in one of her pho. And I ordered Bun Thit Nem Nuong. The nem nuoung was a disappointment.
4	Been here twice so I'm guessing that means I like it..  But it is the only decent pho joint on the east side that I've come across..  Til I eat somewhere better, it'll stay at 4 stars..
3	It's pretty obvious there used to be a 70s/80s style restaurant there, but of course people will do what they can to keep their business open and going (in which there was nothing wrong with that!) The night I went it was absolutely empty, so getting a seat wasn't a problem. The menu has all the typical Vietnamese dishes you would see in any other Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas, and the prices are *slightly* higher than other ones (I've noticed the Spring Rolls were about $6, compared to other places where they ranged from $4-$5).I had the tofu and vegetable mix which comes with the addition of rice, and the place is filling enough to where it's a little hard to finish the whole meal in entirety! My server was helpful with pointing out some new stuff to try on the menu, and worked at the pace I was eating. The only downfall I experienced was the A/C in there, which was FREEZING! Besides that, Lemongrass is a pretty mediocre Vietnamese restaurant on the east side of town.
4	Amazing Service! Staff is so nice and very friendly. Attentive as well. My brother was in town for the day and was looking for a bit of Asiain flare and I had remembered going to this place one time before based on the reviews. My brother had the Veggie Curry and loved every bite of it. It had great flavor and the veggies were not mushy like they can get in some not so good curries. I had the chicken pho, add a bit of hots and was good to go. We also had 2 apps, the veggie spring rolls and the chicken satay. The satay was a bit over done, but the owner popped by the table to tell us that and that she would take that off of the bill without us even saying anything. I will be dining here again!
4	Okie Dokie,  let's rock and roll.1.  Ambiance - Looks like a modern or ancient Route 66 diner. The setting is so odd compared to the food.2.  Space - ton of space for your peeps.  No worries there.3.  Service -  Come on, it is an asian place. Not bad.4.  Food - Went here several times. with kids and then my son's friends for his birthday.  5 adult non noodle kids scarfing down pho like it was the only meal in town.  Does that say enough?  Broth - great.  Noodles - Great.  Thai Ice Tea - Nice yet expensive.5.  Price - Not too shabby except too many Thai Ice Tea!!!You cannot go wrong here, so if you have time before or after a movie at the Colonnade 14 nearby, you gotta check this place out!
4	There seems to be a lot of Pho restaurants opening up in Las Vegas...on Eastern in particular.  I tried the other places but it doesn't really seem to compare to this one.  Although the decor throws you off a bit as it is a converted 50's diner, the food allows you to look past that.Yesterday I had the seafood Pho (small) and my husband had the raw meat Pho.  I have to admit my husband is a big fan of this place as well.  My seafood Pho was great...tons of noodles (kinda wished there was more seafood though).  It had crab, fish balls, squid, and shrimp and about 2 of each.  My husband also loved his Pho...he always asks for extra basil on his.  The service was average, our waiter was nice and friendly towards our 4 year old son.  When they first opened they used to give my son a small bowl of noodles with broth; but I guess they don't do that anymore so he had the grilled chicken and steamed rice place which he liked.  The chicken was sliced thin, marinated in a sweet tangy sauce and then grilled.
4	The chicken pho that I had was AMAZING!!!! Great flavors! My only critique of this place was that the restaurant was kind of busy and there was only one guy working, so the service was kinda bad (I received my spring rolls after my pho which was a little annoying). Otherwise, I definitely will be returning!
1	I was getting an item tailored across the way when I noticed this Vietnamese restaurant and a Mediterranean restaurant.  Oh how I wished we went Mediterranean that day.We ordered 3 things:1. Pho2. Fried Spring Rolls3. bahn miThe Pho was okay, I have had much much better.  The fried spring rolls were good.  The bahn mi was horrible.  It was so horrible I don't even know how to begin to describe it.  The meat was cold and was barely there: You know I opened it up and thought "where's the meat?", "where's the vegetables?", and "where's the mayo?".  Now looking back i wish I had taken a picture.  I complained to the waiter, who proceeded to ask me if I had been to Lee's sandwiches and how he worked at Lee's and that Lee's was just like their sandwiches.  I proceeded to tell him how I grew up near and ate often in restaurants in Little Saigon in Garden Grove and I know what a good bahn mi is.  There are so many other Vietnamese restaurants to choose from in Las Vegas, it will be a good idea to skip this place.
4	Their Pho Thai is as good as it gets around here! I walked in here and was hit with the familiar and authentic beefy, brothy, and oniony smell.  Siiigh.  Smells like the pho joints at home (I grew up in Asia town in SoCal)!   I'm thinking, "I like this place already."I ordered a small Pho Thai and it fed me really well.  There were lots of noodles and onions (which I LOVE) and the broth was clear and had a subtle flavor that I'm normally accustomed to, but it was still yummy, nonetheless.  You can't really f*ck up pho, and  for around $7 it's one of the cheapest places you can get pho in the Vegas area. My group ordered the chicken spring rolls and they were delicious as well.  The peanut sauce complemented the spring rolls nicely, while the fried, crunchy  egg roll skin inside the spring roll itself added a great contrast in texture.  Their menu is relatively large and has the Vietnamese classics like goi cuon (spring rolls), banh xeo (Vietnamese pancake/omelette), and che ba mau (three-color dessert).  I will return. :)
4	Good food and good value with decent service.
2	I was born and raised Vietnamese and I grew up in Southern California, so I know good Viet food when I taste it. This place was really disappointing for me, and I believe the food quality was really sub-par. My fiance and I started off the meal with some egg rolls. Hard to mess up, right? Wrong. The inside of the egg rolls were really mushy with no real flavor profile. It was just a jumble of mush (which I suspect was under cooked) with barely any seasoning. I tried soaking the egg rolls in their fish sauce which also lacked flavor and spice. We also ordered their rice plate with grilled pork (Com Thit Nuong) which was mediocre. The meat didn't have that great grilled flavor and again the fish sauce didn't help at all. I nearly poured the whole bowl of fish sauce on my plate and it didn't help at all.We didn't try their Pho which might be delicious, but that is a gamble in Vegas that I'm not willing to make. You'll see me dining at Pho Saigon 8 across the street which is so much better by far.
5	Delicious pho
4	Nicely decorated, very clean, and the food I ordered was generally good Vietnamese. You can tell the difference between this place and other pho shops.  Very good, but not the absolute best pho in town.  It might be second best so I will never hesitate to return.  The pho is not disappointing at all but the vermicelli dishes are very good. The staff was very nice and service was prompt.  They were attentive but not pushy.
4	Great broth!  The broth didnt seem like the dumped MSG into it. Friendly service.  Sure.. theres pho saigon 8 like a block a way and it has yogurt land right next to it.. but it's not a far distance for better pho.
5	love it! found this place by accident, had to get my oil changed across the street. it looks like one of those old fashioned coffee shops with chrome panels on the outside of the restaurant. inside there are booths & a very nice hostess who i think is the owner too. the prices are reasonable & the selection is huge. they have vietnamese sandwiches, appetizers, pho soup & entrees.i had cha gio the vietnamese pork egg rolls with fish dipping sauce. very crispy & delicious. nicely presented with lettuce & assorted veggies to wrap them in. I also had suon bo nuong, grilled beef shortribs with white rice. so yummy! they are the same as kal bi & quite good. the rice was perfect nice & sticky, not dried out. the hostess came up to me & asked if the beef was too salty but i told her that this was what i was hoping for, i love kal bi & would be back again to order this entree. not to mention they have coca cola products which is rare for restaurants in las vegas.the server was nice & attentive. i hope this restaurant does well because the food is awesome.
1	So disappointing!!!! The first time I came here I ordered a rare steak pho and it was okay. I have had way better but I thought I'd give it another shot and order something else. I got for my boyfriend and I the eggrolls, bahm niet, and lemongrass steak. The eggrolls were bland, the bahm niet had only one thin long strip of meat so all I really got to taste were the cilantro and cucumber but that's not even the worst one. The lemongrass steak which was 11.95 was disgusting!!!!! The meat was spoiled!!!! How can you sell spoiled meat!!!! I just hope I don't get food poisoning or something!!! Needless to say I am never going back to this place ever again!!!!
4	Great place for Pho.  I think the place used to be some kind of 50's diner, which makes it a kind of interesting dining experience.  Not that it affects the food quality, but provides an interesting/strange contrast.  I usually get the rare beef pho, while my husband likes the brisket.  Both are good.  I can't quite put my finger on it, but I like this place better than Pho Saigon 8.  I think it may be the basil.  Or it may be that it's quieter.    The service here is pretty good and they take care to be attentive.  FYI, they may charge a small fee for using ATM/credit cards.  On our last visit, we happened to have cash and noticed it was just a bit cheaper than usual.
4	Sheer comedy. A 50s diner turned into a Vietnamese joint. I was going to lose it if they served my pho on roller skates. All jokes aside- pho was very good. Comparable to the king: Pho Kim Long.  Provided a tasty, soul warming and quick lunch for me and my coworkers. The broth was flavorful and didn't require additional seasoning aside from the normal condiments. The egg rolls were a winner as usual. Served hot hot hot! This place is good - Pho sure!
1	Me and my wife were not that hungry so we shared a large bowl of Pho which I was not that impressed with, Not much  beef or toppings and while we were eating I heard one of the workers or owner talking bad about us only ordering 1 bowl and going on about it WOW, we could not believe it they had been speaking vietnemese but this was in English so we could hear it! A very bad experience !
2	I love trying new things, and a Vietnamese restaurant in a 50s diner setting sounded like something fun. But this place was not worth the trip.We ordered the spring rolls, which were delicious- fresh with crunchy rice noodles inside. I was eager to try my entree, the Pork Chili Lemongrass. When my order came out, it was a little smaller than I expected. Usually when I go out for dinner, I eat half and save half for lunch the next day. Oh well, I figured I had just worked out and it probably just looked small in my hungry state of mind.I sampled a piece. Hmm.. very chewy. The flavor was great- perfectly spiced and the onions had a great texture; maybe it was just a bad piece. But my entire dish was like that. As small as the serving was, my jaws started to get tired from chewing through it. I don't think I had a single piece that was good. Wait, yes I did- the piece I sampled from my boyfriend's dish. His turned out fine.This place gets 2 stars instead of  because the service was great- 2 people kept our water glasses full the entire time. Plus, my boyfriend thought his Vermicelli with Pork, Pork Sausage, and Egg roll was tasty (and it was). He doesn't blame still being hungry afterwards on the portion size, even though we ended up going to the Havana Grill (same parking lot) right after to get something else.I'll give it another chance, someday. Maybe the dish I ordered just happened to be the worst thing on the menu.
5	My husband and I are vegetarian and come in about once a week. We appreciate the options we have here, from curry, to a vegetarian springroll/rice vermicelli bowl, to vegetarian pho (with a vegetable broth). I  can say that we've been impressed with the food - our veggies are always very fresh and crisp.
4	You never forget your first love or your first.....time. This is where I nervously had my Pho cherry popped a while ago so it has always been special to me. Let's just say my first time was A-MAZING and I fell in love with Pho and Lemongrass Cafe on that day.- It's always hot and spicy - Cures hangovers and helps with head colds - No noodle and all white meat action works with my low carb lifestyle - While it travels from my pallet to my belly the warmth brings me peace and calm......a Culinary Nirvana. - Using chopsticks makes me happy (it's the small things in life) After being to several other Vietnamese spots Lemongrass is my go to for Chicken Pho. All white meat, fresh veggies, and a small that I cannot finish is $6.95. I usually get mine without the noodles and extra side of peppers and load it up with hoisin and chili sauce, etc. They never skimp on the amount of meat or it's quality. It's quite simply, Pho done right. I would also like to live a little and try a fried egg Banh Mi here eventually. The service is consistantly attentive, friendly, and quick. The owner always greets me with a smile and welcomes me. I especially enjoy this when I am here by myself in sweaty gym clothes which is frequent. (Yes, I am the sweaty white girl in the corner. Don't hate. My Pho is spicier than yours.) The restaurant is always very clean down to the ladle spoons and ramekins for the sauce if you are a dipper;) I would gladly give Lemongrass 5 stars, but my one issue is that the temperature never seems right in here. I purposely keep a sweatshirt in my car just for Lemongrass in the event it's freezing. I've been there a few times where I hadn't been to the gym before, but the temperature was so "off" I had a fancy boob sweat line when I was done eating. I know, sexy. Now that it's not Africa hot outside I imagine I will be craving Pho more than my average twice a week. TRUST I will be at Lemongrass Cafe fo' sho' fo ' a hot bowl of Vietnamese goodness to soothe my soul and take me back to that happy place.....
4	I have to admit, I was a little weary. Not only is this place formerly a 50's diner, but the people who first brought me here are not exactly savvy with Asian food. But I'm glad Lemongrass proved me wrong. They serve a number of delicious dishes. With over 100 items on the menu, here are a few of my favorite items on the menu:-the Vietnamese coffee: a perfect blend of bitter and sweet. Once it's finished filtering into a cup with condensed milk, pour it over ice and enjoy.-Vermicelli with lemongrass beef and egg rolls: I love the combination of noodles, beef and crunchy egg rolls. Of course, you can't forget the flavorful fish sauce to pour over the bowl and/or dip your egg rolls.-the combination fried riceSurprisingly, I don't usually get pho. As much as I've been here, I've probably ordered pho 10% of the time. This isn't any indication of their pho (it's actually pretty good), but instead it just shows how much I enjoy the other items on the menu. The owner is great, always friendly and accommodating. So don't let the diner exterior fool you. This place has the goods to satisfy your Vietnamese cravings
4	Very good Pho. This place is very consistent.
4	Yo, check it. I went with my homegirl Gaby and it ended up being one of the best conversations I've had in my life. We talked about love life, career, etc. Ya know, catching up. She's a cool ass chick, love her.Afterwards, we watched Drive. Ryan Gosling is a beast. Respect.Drive was better than Passion of the Christ and better than Lethal Weapon 4.
4	I'm surprised this place isn't called the Lemongrass Diner, considering it is situated inside ones of those 50s style diners with the silver metallic exterior complete with diner countertop and barstools inside.  The only thing missing were portable jukeboxes at each booth that allowed one to play cheesy asian lounge music.  Don't let the juxtaposition fool you, since the food here is 100% authentic.  A friend and I ordered up the crispy spring rolls (cha gio) and a large bowl of the combination pho (meatballs, tripe, tendon, flank steak).   Here is the breakdown of our meal:Crispy spring rolls (4.5 stars)These were definitely the highlight of the meal.  Aside from being perfectly fried, the filling contained taro, jicama, and black mushrooms to accompany the ground pork/shrimp.  My tastebuds were doing somersaults since there was so much flavor and texture in addition to the savory meat component.  The velvety creaminess from the taro, the light crunch from the jicama, and the chewy mushrooms all came through.  Wrapping each roll in a fresh lettuce leaf and a few sprigs of fresh mint and then dunking it in some house-made fish sauce, we were both pretty much on cloud umami.  Combination pho (3.5 stars)Definitely a noticeable upgrade from the pho offered across the street at Pho Saigon 8, which I had termed "pho-gettable".  The broth has a richer depth of flavor, but is a tad bit on the oily side.  Noodles were adequate but the beef components were a bit tough in regards to the tripe and there were pieces of meat that were overly intertwined with strands of fat, likely contributing to the greasy broth.  Definitely will hit the spot if you just need a nice bowl of pho on a cold evening if you're in the neighborhood, but not necessarily a destination spot worth making a long drive bypassing options in Spring Mountain.  Service/Ambience (4 stars)I actually kind of liked the surrealism of the diner vibe.  It was as though my friend and I were hatching a scheme over pho in some Asian remake of Pulp Fiction.  The owners were very friendly and hospitable as well.  My only regret was not having enough room in my belly to sample their vietnamese coffee or their mango ice cream topped with fresh asian fruits.   Definitely a solid option for pho if you're a Henderson resident taking into account the other options available, although the crispy spring rolls just may be worth the trip if you are stumbling in from elsewhere across town.
2	Ooooh Lemongrass...I have been here enough times to say, I will never go back. Something about this place rubs me the wrong way, don't get me the wrong the 60s diner feel is kinda funky, actually kind a cool. What bothers me about this place the most is the constant foul smell of sewage coming from god knows where (I'm guessing the kitchen). This has been the third time that the whole dining area has a strong smell of garbage. Today was the icing on the cake. I went here with some coworkers for lunch, upon ordering the server gave my two Asian friends chopsticks and my friend and I forks...seriously?! I think I just got racially profiled. :/ It is a pet peeve of mine when servers give non-Asians (btw, I'm happa) forks in a Asian restaurant. You can see why it hit a little close to home for me. The food is meh, the service is nothing to write home about. You are better off going across the street to Saigon 8 any day. I just don't get it...
4	Great Pho Tai and great egg roll!
5	My favorite Vietnamese restaurant. Most likely the best Vietnamese food in Las Vegas.  I would highly recommend you try this place.
4	i used to go here a lot (like every other night) until recently made my own pho at home. i hate to say this but their pho soup is inconsistent. sometimes its good but sometimes it tastes just bland. other than the pho, i get other dishes that are also good on the menu... spring rolls, summer rolls, spicy beef soup, beef stew, this mango shrimp salad (yummy) and pork chops. so many to list. i love the owner, she is the sweetest and she's also from hawaii too!
4	Delicious authentic food
5	What I can say? Authentic pho soup is what I love. So I am a regular here. Yummy good for you seafood soup and, affortable. Can't beat that!!
4	Pho Tai FEVER... The service here can be hit or miss but the Pho is always on point and their peanut sauce is my personal favorite. The owner might be the sweetest woman I have ever met.  So, if you're closer to Green Valley than you are to Spring Mountain, Lemongrass Cafe can cure your craving for Pho. They do offer a small and large serving which is always appreciated. Be aware, Lemongrass is nestled into a "diner" setting and can easily be passed for a breakfast joint.
4	I'm not a big pho fan, but I came here with a friend (WORLDS COLLIDE!) who was craving it, and she got her fill.  I ordered a rice plate with pork, which was very good, although served a little cold.  She gives it a 5, I give it a 3...we split the difference and arrive at a 4.  Groovy.(It's already been mentioned before, but the '50s style decor is pretty awesome.)
3	I mean it's good but it ain't all that!I went to this place twice in two weeks, and I really wanted to like this place because it's right down the street from where I live.This place has a very interesting theme. Like all the other reviewers mentioned, this place looks like a diner straight out of the 70's. The first time I went there, I had Vermicelli with Chicken and my friend had rare beef Pho and we had shrimp&pork spring rolls for appetizers. The spring rolls were okay, one unique thing about their spring rolls is that they have some kind of crispy chips? in them. Vermicelli with chicken was not bad, but nothing special. What I like about their Pho is that the portion is huge, but I thought it should be a bit hotter when it's served. Pho So 1 or Pho Kim Long serve their Pho super hot, but Lemongrass Cafe is just hot, going towards warm. Second time arounds we had the same appetizers, well-done flank Pho, and Shrimp stir fry noodle. Again, I don't know why, but Pho was almost just warm! Maybe I should let them know to make it super hot when I order. Also, the noodles were a bit overcooked this time. Shrimp stir fry noodle wasn't that good. It had a very good flavor, but the noodles were a bit too sticky.All the staffs are very nice and friendly. I didn't have any problem with their service.I think I'm going to give this place one more shot and decide whether or not to become a regular.
4	Great service, cute diner style atmosphere, and good broth.  Definitely worth stopping by sometime.
2	I had the lemongrass beef and eggroll, literally just one eggroll. I was pretty disappointed with my food and the eggroll just didn't taste right. Growing up in a town with a big Vietnamese community and eating at their restaurants on a regular basis, it's pretty safe to say lemongrass cafe's food is not that great in comparison and I'm probably not coming back.
4	I really don't have much new praise to add to the already heaping amount. I've been here a handful of times and I've never been disappointed. My regular at Vietnamese is Bun Tom Nuong (Vermicelli noodles with shrimp and fish sauce) and I tried their fatty beef pho once. Everything is so good - and plenty of leaves, sprouts, lime, jalapenos to adjust the flavor to your liking. I always get the spring rolls and they are always delicious. This is my go-to pho when I'm on this side of town and want a cheap meal. Oh, and sometimes there is room left for dessert (only when I order a small, though - which is still so filling). Their mango/lychee dessert is to DIE for! All the flavors come together so well, and the fruit actually tastes fresh and sweet. Oooh, I'm craving some just writing about it! Make sure you order it!!Someone else wrote here that management may have changed recently, and over the course of a year or two of coming here, I noticed the service did get slightly better. It was never bad, but I noticed how attentive they were the last time I went. I've never had a problem with getting seated quickly or having prompt service, however. Oh, and I love how Lemongrass is right next to the movie theatre!I would definitely recommend this place to those who wants to sooth a sore throat to those who want to expand their tastebuds (not that us Yelpers need that). I love Pho!!
4	There are more Vietnamese Restaurants in Las Vegas than in Hollywood or Silverlake, California.   I looked at the Yelp reviews and became determined to sample at least one before leaving.  I chose Lemongrass Cafe because it had the highest amount of reviews than any other in town.   Also, found that some reviewers chose to explain that their new Vietnamese restaurant is even better than this place.   I had to try it.    I arrived about 4 pm on Feb 19th.  There was only one other table being served in the whole restaurant - perfect.  I'm not scared.   The servers barely speak English - another good sign.   I did not like the size of the menu.  Come on,  make a few incredible dishes and leave the books for the library.   I became overwhelmed with choices.  I had to pull out my Vons $10.00 magnifying glasses to read.  The lighting could improve but I'm not so concerned about interior design.  Although the 1950s malt shop/dinner takes away from the rich Vietnamese scents and cultural paraphernalia.  I ordered the vegetarian Pho with tofu #59 - Large $8.95   Also dared to ask for "make your own shrimp and vegetable rice paper wraps"  off the menu. I figured he understood that it was for me, but since I did not explain, he brough a huge order for way more than one person and hit me with a $19.70 charge.   Ouch !  My friend Meese ordered the number 39 Pho Tai / Rare Beef Pho - Large 7.95 and a coke.  The off the menu wraps were the best I've ever had.   The noodles were perfectly cooked.  The vegetables, crisp, bright and very fresh.   Plenty of herbs, flowering basil, mint, cilantro, sliced cucumbers, (Boston?) lettuce, and about 20 pieces of perfectly cooked grilled shrimp.   The table had a home made spicy chili - a great compliment for spiciness.   I polished that plate like Homer Simpson eating a box of doughnuts. The Pho surprisingly was not as hot as I'm used to having it, however, I had no problem with it.  Normally, Pho upon arrival has to be carefully sipped at the beginning, otherwise you end up with charring of your tongue and mouth.   I was able to dive in free from danger and just inhale it RTC Navy style.  I should have asked for the cost of any off menu items.  When the server handed the check to me, there was a little bit of hesitation  and a concerned look in his eyes as if that (*&^%$# ) pulls that stuff all the time.    It is still my fault for not asking the price. When I return to Vegas, I will definitely explore all the well rated Vietnamese restaurants.
4	I love the use of fresh veggies here. you must try the banh mi !!!! these sandwiches are to die for!!! It seems to be under new management
4	As of late lemongrass has been a sanctuary where I drown the daily stress into a bowl of pho. New owners with a fresh take on service (thank you! finally!)
4	This place looks like a oriental style 50's diner. I walk in & was greeted right away. Quick service & to the point. I ordered a chicken pho for my kids & a veggie tofu pho for myself. If I'd have known how big the portions were, I would've ordered only 1 soup. The broth was pretty good & I like how they gave us lots of vegetables. What I didn't like was how mushy the noodles were & how they were all stuck together. Regardless of the mushy noodles, I fulfilled my pho craving so I still enjoyed the pho at Lemongrass Cafe.
4	Best pho in Las Vegas for a reasonable price. The small was the perfect portion of food.
5	Outstanding fresh ingredients. The vegetable spring rolls are the best I have ever had. The salmon salad is delicious and all the soups seem to be made fresh every time   My top 5 favorite restaurant in Vegas including all the top strip restaurants. On a par with Lotus of Siam but very low key.  No wine
4	I quickly became a regular here ever since my fiance discovered this place. Lemongrass doesn't have the Vietnamese restaurant deco from outside. It looks more like 50"s diner with couple Asian wall pictures to me. One of the reason keeps bringing me back is soup is always served "HOT". And chef is pretty generous with veggies on vermicelli noodles. My only complaint would be their overcooked sugarcane shrimps with vermicelli noodles.
4	My mom and her friend wanted to try a Vietnamese place, so I found this one. Man, people weren't kidding when they said this was an old-style diner. It screams retro, except a lot of the interior decor is Vietnamese (not including the maneki neko).I went with a large bowl of pho chin nam. I thought it was a 4/5. Pretty clean broth, nice noodles, but the meat for some reason lacked the depth of flavor that I'm accustomed to in California. Still, it's better than the pho at Pho Kim Long, which is supposed to be the go-to spot in the Vegas area. Also, the utensils - wooden chopsticks and somewhat light plastic - didn't have the solid feel of the tools that I'd wanna use at a pho place.My mom and her friend had, respectively, a rice noodle dish with pork, shrimp, and egg rolls, and a hu tieu (noodle soup somewhat similar to pho). They didn't find it up to their standards really, maybe a 3/5. In addition, it was kinda annoying that it took pho and hu tieu longer than the noodles to come out. Pho definitely should not take that long to get ready if they have a broth going, which you'd think they would have at lunch hour (12:30).I decided that the tiebreaker between 3 and 4 stars would be the com bo luc lac (shaking beef), which I often order at Vietnamese restaurants. I took one to-go and (my fault for waiting) the rice was kinda dry by the time I got around to eating dinner, However, I could tell that the rice was good when it was fresh, and the well-seasoned meat and the sauteed veggies were pretty darn good and still had great texture (tender and crunchy, respectively). I'll give it a 4.25/5, taking into account the time elapsed in the to-go box. Maybe it'd be closer to a 5 if It had been fresh, but I can't make that judgmentLocals may wanna note that management changed some time in Dec 2011, so if you didn't like it the last time, you might wanna try it again. This is probably about what you can expect out of a Vietnamese place not in California.
4	This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Vegas.  The selection here isn't as big as other Vietnamese restaurants but I always find something regardless.  Good quality food and the cool thing about this place is that I don't have to worry about leaving the restaurant smelling like pho like other Vietnamese restaurants.
5	My friend and I were recommended to have the dinner here. The food was awesome! Love the Lemongrass Shrimp (basically is kind of like Fried Shrimp Cake). Also the Lobster Soup was so good with extra Citric taste we both loved. Don't forget the Thai Ice Tea! Love the environment, services and design of the restaurant. The prices was surprising reasonable too for Vegas!
3	A late night find at ARIA since it was open until 2am on Memorial Day...  I'm half and half about this place since we got two dishes and one was fantastic and the other not so much.  My hubby got the "Pad Hoy Shell" and it was just incredibly well done.  Perfectly balanced taste.  I got the "Wonton Noodle Soup" which tasted bland, the noodles were not quite done and the portion was too much.The staff were very friendly though, the location is easily to be found and the ambiance is very nice.
3	eh i wasnt too impressed.. im supirsed this got 4 stars.. my friend and i decided to venture off and try another vietnamese place than our usual.. We were very disapointed. portions were small and our order was very dry.. staff service was average. i wouldnt recommend this place. this was a bit pricey to for the portion that you get.. im not sure what the big hype for this place is..
3	Pretty cool place. I love that it's got the diner feel for a Pho restaurant. It's a good change of atmosphere since most Pho places are expected to kind of have the same look and feel all the time.I do love love love their pho broth here. Something about it just has so much flavor in it! While I do have the tendency to get horrible service at most pho places, this place kind of went up and beyond. So up and beyond, that the service was a little too into my personal space. Our server did very little with the small talk, and did on the positive side check on our table often, but when he did come to our table to drop of our food he did take it upon himself to move my clutch purse himself to across the table. He also took the liberty of moving my soup spoon from one plate to the plate that I was eating in as I was eating. So I felt a little uncomfortable because it reminded me of my grandmother when she'd be all up in my personal space while I eat. Smothering me. Protecting me. Choking me. Oh..childhood flashbacks...They give you a good amount of the helpings and meat in your pho for a really good price. I think pho prices run about $7.00 to $9.00. 'd also suggest to try their Vietnamese ice coffee too! It's super delish and full of flavor.
3	This place was fine, but I wouldn't say much separates it from two other Pho places in the vicinity on Eastern : Pho Little Saigon and Pho Saigon 8. The service was fine, beef pho was enjoyable -- I would say the broth was more flavorful than the two places mentioned and wasn't as salty as the other two. The prices were between 8.95 and 10.95 for a bowl of pho or vermicelli with choice of meat. They also offered complimentary Jasmine tea which was great. It did not stand out as a place where I can't wait to go back, but I also wouldn't be opposed to coming back here. A-OK.
5	Hidden inside a semi remodeled 50's diner with overgrown weeds and oleanders all out front is the best Pho I have ever eaten. I would have never in a million years given this place a try if it wasn't for my fellow yelpers, just from the outside aesthetics, I would have passed it up.  Ordered the spring rolls for starters, and then ordered the shrimp pho, the broth was so perfect, not salty and it had great flavor. All the veggies were fresh, the bowl was large and I'm not ashamed to say I ate/drank the entire thing. What's even better is it was super cheap! I believe our bill was $25 for 2 teas, 2 pho's and an app. Even in 110 degree heat I'm still dreaming of this lunch I had and I can't wait to go back!
2	This 50's-looking diner-converted pho restaurant was the cool new kid on the block when I first discovered her.  The service was good and the broth delicious.  One of my favorite soups is their Bun Bo Hue / Spicy Beef Soup Hue-style.  If you like it red hot and flavorful, this is the bowl to challenge.  It always made me sweat.However, one of my all times favorite Vietnamese dishes is Bo Nhung Dam / Beef with Vinegar Broth.  It's rarely served in most Vietnamese restaurants and I used to always go with my family to share that dish.  Upon my last visit in June, they no longer served the original dipping sauce for that dish.  Big faux pas.  My disappointment brought on disgraceful service from the staff, so I don't think I'm welcome there anymore, lol.
4	Me and my boy man went in there on a weekday around 4. I LOVE the look of the place. Their exterior and interior are a cute 50's diner style. Even the tables are arranged in a diner style. Super adorable.When we went it there, it was dead empty. I guess we went in after lunch time. I was a bit skeptical about it but we were too hungry to care. We ordered pork sandwich, pho, and their lemongrass chicken with rice. Sandwich :  bf says it used to be bigger. The taste was really good regardless. The bread was crunchy and soft, the relishes were tasty too. Nothing to complain there.Pho: I mean...it's pho, it's alwaysdelicious. It wasn't like OH. MY. GOSH. SO GOOD, but it was good enough. Rare beef wasn't really pinky rare tho for my taste.Lemongrass Chicken : HOT DAMN that thing is amazing. I loved the seasoning and spices of it. I can actually taste the freshly cooked lemongrass. Although I live no where near Las Vegas, next time I visit, I would go back for them chickenss.How was the service?  it was satisfying. :D
5	My boyfriend and I were regulars at JenniPho and we were sad it was so far after we moved to Henderson. WE found our pho place! Best pho ever! Cherry on top that the waiters know exactly what we want.
5	The friendliest and most attentive wait staff I've seen in years. A rare find! The food is delicious and the portions are generous, making prices reasonable.
5	I've been waiting to go to this place for awhile. Most of the reviews are good so it was a must that i try it. I'm glad that i did cause the food was very good and the waiters were very helpful. My only complaint is that the need to update they're menu. They had rootbeer on the menu, so i ask for that and they turn around and reply "we don't have rootbeer.
4	Good Pho and spring rolls. My wife, sons and I enjoy this place when we need a Pho fix. This place is very convient since it's right by my house. Good service and good food.
4	The food is spot on, the service not so much. Knowing that moving forward I can confidently give Lemongrass four stars for the food and mediocre service.This is one of the few good Asian restaurants in the Henderson area and lucky for me it's Vietnamese. Pho is a perennial dish for me- I crave it in all seasons, sometimes to my detriment in say, July, but it's always worth sweating it out. Lemongrass has one of the better pho broths in town-rich, beefy and nicely seasoned. It really needs no accompaniment, but the extra basil and bean sprouts its served with adds a fresh kick and a little crunch to every bite. The key to pho though is broth and Lemongrass gets it right. If the broth is bad then might as well just smash the bowl on the floor and be done with it. Well. Don't do that. In public at least. I really like the spring rolls here too because they always taste fresh, like spring rolls should. I usually go for the shrimp/pork version-I mean really you can do no wrong with those two. The banh mi is good, but if the bread was better I'd love it more. Like pho, banh mi has its sticking point and it's good bread. As mentioned, the service I've experienced here is subpar, but I don't come for the service. Sometimes you just need food that is good and comforting and consistently so, even when service is just an afterthought. Also, doesn't hurt that prices are dirt cheap!
4	If your in the Henderson area - Lemongrass is one of your better options ! location is cool in a standalone diner looking structure .. love it. seating is comfortable had a Pho vegi rolls and lemongrass chicken. vegi rolls lacked a bit of variety did not seem to have sprouts and rather than use inside of lettuce they used outside leaves Pho was good and the lemon grass chicken was very good, service ok   ... but all in all a great place for lunch
4	It's a 3.5 rounded up to a 4. This is an unassuming little place located on eastern avenue that looks like a 50's style diner from the outside. However, your experience inside will be anything but that.The food is good, the service is not. Prepare for the most apathetic waiter you have ever met in your life-- I don't think this guy knows what the word smile even means. But don't let that sour your experience-- there is plenty to be had here. On a day when I was feeling really congested and stuffy, I had a terrible craving for pho which was cured by this place. Their pho is rich and flavorful and has all the typical tasty tree trimmings that come with it. I went with the rare steak and brisket combination and I was certainly not short on meat or noodles. It was considerably better than the stuff you can find at nearby Pho-saigon 8 but not quite as good as Pho-So-1 which is closer to the strip. My girlfriend choose to try the beef and noodles which came with a salad and tasty side of fish sauce  garnished with shredded carrots dipping. It was delicious and was served in authentic vietnamese style. Obviously, services is not the strong suit here but I'm a purist so I say the food makes this place worth the trip--especially if you want to expand your horizons and try some of the other vietnamese dishes out there.
4	Tasty pho! I liked how there were many meat combinations to choose from. Service was great our waiter was very attentive and was cracking jokes every now and then. I will definitely be going back.
4	I used to think  that ALL pho restaurants have the same taste.  But I think this place is an exception.  The food is really good but also, I LOVE the diner feel of the place.  It's different.  It's roomy! Unlike most pho restaurants where its all just tables.  This place has awesome food and the service is not too bad either.  They at least smile at you even if you're not Vietnamese.  LoL
4	Was on my way into Vegas from Orange County and had a mad craving for some pho. Found this place through Yelp and decided to take a chance (Orange County has a the best pho in my opinion). On the outside and inside it looks like it used to be a Ruby's Diner of some sort. The staff was nice and the service fast. The pho was actually pretty good! The broth was decent and the noodles and meat were awesome. I am definitely going to remember this place whenever I am in Vegas. Great remedy for a hangover too!!!
4	Whenever I'm craving Vietnamese, this is my go to place. Their noodles are great, their egg rolls super yum. I usually get take out and have only eaten inside several times. So why not a 5-star? Ambience inside is just okay, Service could be better when you eat here and the final reason is for the person who posted the pic of the worm. Kinda nasty, but I'll still come back.....probably because it didn't happen to me?Just thinking about this place makes me say "yum, yum, yum", but I'll still always check my leafy greens for things that shouldn't be there
4	One of the better Pho places around town. It's especially close to where I live. Not only Pho, but other rice and noodle dishes, as well as bahn mi. Good flavors and the food here is pretty fresh. The pho was tasty, the broth was well done and tasted home made (some places use the powdered base, you can tell when the broth is salty). Crisp vegetables and fresh meat. Service is also attentive. All in all, its a good place.Btw, this place used to be a diner. When your in here it's an interesting ambiance.
3	A retro style diner from the outside, a Vietnamese Pho restaurant inside. The pho was just good. My family liked theirs more than I did. So next time we'll try other items on their menu.
2	I've been here probably four times, mostly because I don't want to drive all the way to Spring Mtn. I felt compelled to write this review after my last and final visit. The service is as bad as everyone has mentioned. The owner/server does not greet you or smile. He will eventually make his way over and say "ready?". He will never return until 20 minutes later when the soup comes out. I am pretty sure they dont have to make this to order. Soak the noodles, add the broth and rare beef and serve. It can come out in 5 minutes. While I waited I began to notice the mini-blinds were so dirty and then I started wondering what else was dirty. When the large bowl of pho I ordered to share with my youngest arrived, it had like 4 slices of beef. I asked the owner if this was right since I ordered a large. He says that is normal. No attempts to fix it. Well I won't be returning and the food is just meh!
4	Pho-ck it.Pho and I have had a rocky relationship from the get-go. I originally tried it in Seattle where my sister swore up and down about its deliciousness and supposed healing powers.  I was super stoked to try this magical soup!I was sorry to report to her that I did not, ahem, like it at all. I wasn't a fan of the flowery tasting broth and the raw meat that had to cook in there. And no, I don't think the Vietnamese are "savages" as one yelper was insinuating I said!Anyhoo. I wasn't a fan. Jump to 2 years later. Vegas. My sister again tries to convince me and brings me here to Lemongrass. I wussed out and went with a Banh Mi (which was delicious!) and decided to give her pho a taste. Lo and behold, I didn't hate it!  From that instance, I vowed to order my own the next time I had the opportunity. That such time came early this December and I am glad to report that I am a phan!!  The staff here is very friendly and their food is fresh and delicious. Thank you, Lemongrass. You win.
2	Great food. BEYOND HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!! From the second we went in to when we left the customer service was horrible. Very rude and didn't care about pleasing the customer. The food was very very good. However, customer service is a HUGE part in dining out therefore, we will not be returning because of that. Service was that bad. There are many pho places in the immediate area that are very good as well so we will be continuing to go elsewhere. It is too bad...because if this continues they will be out of business super fast. I heard service was bad, but I was amazed as to how bad. Thought candid camera was gonna pop out any minute.
5	I eat here WAY too often, always getting the same thing.  Pho with rare steak, tendon and meatballs.  The staff is so friendly and the service is great.  I have never had a bad experience here.
4	Tasty... Odd ambiance of 50s diner with mediocre service but good food... I'd come again
1	Other reviewers have already commented about the sewage smell that on occasion tends to linger through the restaurant on certain days.  I've been here often enough to see this place go downhill fast.  The last time I went (in December) there was a notice on the door that the health district had shut it down for a cockroach infestation.  I wanted to puke, I'd been eating food from their kitchen!   It has since reopened....but for obvious reasons I will never return.  Beware of seriously unsanitary food methods if you choose to eat here.
1	The pho here is not very good. Broth is not very tasty. Lacks richness and beefiness. Their egg rolls were soggy and very bland as well. I'd much rather eat at pho little Saigon or pho Saigon 8 which are both a block away. Will not eat here again.
4	I don't eat a ton of Vietnamese food, but this is definitely a little gem. It's in a classic silver bullet style diner, and the only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that the decor is pretty odd inside, but nothing that takes away from the food. The beef with lemongrass noodles are perfect, and that's what I order every time. I actually went there four times the first week I found it, because every day I just craved it again. The service is quick and friendly, and the eggrolls are also really tasty. Never too crowded when I've been there but always has several other diners.
5	I've seen this little stainless steel diner cart a few times since we've moved to Vegas and had always wondered what it was. Well, today I finally found out when the hubby and I decided to try it.I have never had Vietnamese food in my life, so I was a bit apprehensive, but I love trying new things. It looked exactly how you would think a Vietnamese restaurant in a diner cart would look and I absolutely loved it! We started off with the tofu spring rolls that came with peanut sauce and they were delicious. They had a nice crunch to them and the tofu was cooked perfectly. Hubby ordered the Vegetarian Pho and it was fantastic! Beautiful-looking and tasty, the broth was very flavourful, and tons of crunchy veggies with rice noodles that were not overcooked like they can normally be. I ordered the Vermicelli with Tofu. Once again, the tofu was cooked perfectly and had very good flavour! The vermicelli were very well cooked too and I loved the Thai basil in this dish especially. All in all, a very good experience! Our waitress was very attentive without going overboard with it and she was extremely polite. Very comfortable atmosphere and will be recommending this little gem to others.
4	It was a cold and rainy day when we wandered into the little silver diner gone Pho house and the weather set the perfect backdrop for some yummy Vietnamese noms. We tried the tofu spring rolls and the veggie broth tofu and veggie pho. It was perfectly delicious and did a great job warming us up.
5	The Pho here is delicious, and thee people are nice.
4	The good..Original dishes (beef tamarind salad with lotus stems was amazing)Good pricesExcellent serviceThe bad..The place was little dirty. It could use a good cleaning.I will definitely be coming back.
2	The food is good. But the service isnt that great. We had to wait for a noodle for an hour once.
4	My friend calls this the metal box lol. Very diner like atmosphere. I would have never imagined a pho joint in a 70s diner so it's very original. The bun bo hue is really good here. The best I've had thus far. Customer service is really good also.
4	I missed eating Pho since I became vegetarian over a year ago. But I was very excited to discover that Lemongrass serves vegetarian Pho using vegetarian broth, and it is DELICIOUS!
3	Decent comfort food 10 minutes from the strip!Had the spring rolls, egg rolls, and pho (#39, rare steak).The spring rolls are a decent size. Not huge but hits the spot. The pho is good. The broth has good flavor although tastes a but salty.Thai tea is on point!  Service was good, food came out fast, and the staff was helpful.  No complaints here.
2	I'm really sad to say that the last couple of times I've gone here, the broth has been horribly greasy.  I LOVE this place. I go here so much that they always know me because I do takeout so often.  The first time the broth was greasy, I picked up the food right before they were closing so I attibuted it to maybe it being the last of the broth or something.  The second time I picked it up right after work and it was the same, if not worse.  I only ate half and put the other half in the fridge and the next day, all the fat had formed a thick layer on top, which has NEVER happened before with my left over pho.  I was so grossed out.  I want to give them one more chance and maybe tell them, just because I loved this place, but I'm not sure.  I'll go on a pho-break and think about it.
4	The pho broth has great flavor and seasoning. The shrimp spring rolls were awesome. Great lunch stop.
3	Typical Asian fare in a Vegas casino.It was good but nothing special.
3	A few people recommended me this restaurant, and I must say that I am a fan. The design of the building reminds me of a 50s diner from New Jersey, but it's decorate inside to change the exterior look. The menu has a nice selection. You get a huge portion for the price. The food is good. It's nothing awesome to rave about, but it's not so-so either. I would definitely return. It's a good place for a person on a budget.
5	I have relied on Lemongrass for a few years now and not once have I been let down. You get an amazing portion size for your money and take out is quick and simple. My go-to order is the Pho Tai with a little hoisin sauce. Even on hot days it always hits the spot for me and makes me feel healthy. Not once have I had a problem with take out; though the dine in service can be... slow most of the time. That aside, I always take people who are new to pho to Lemongrass!
3	good food, slow service
1	Went there once and will never return. The server was flat out rude and disrespectful. Not worth the aggravation.
1	Sorry, I love to try new things and perhaps I just ordered EVERYTHING wrong. But combined with the sewage smell when you walk in, the flavor of the meats being "off" I just can't recommend this to any other person.
4	Great food and friendly service!  Will go back.
4	Really love this place. Their vegitarian Pho is amazing. Tons of veges and the broth is delicious. #58 and #59 are my favs. Also the peanut sauce with the fresh spring rolls is excellent.
1	call it new owner or whatever, go to this place if:  (lets see if can do this without using profanity)  1  you're SUPER hungry, otherwise food tastes nasty (meat has gross smell like dirty socks... broth tastes like water that the staff washed their hands in).   Tip:  bring LISTERINE 2  you need to get out of the sun (for the air conditioner) to see a kid waiter in sandalsdrive 20 mins to Pho #1
5	Great Pho in the area especially the broth. I usually get #36 on the menu. Also try the Che Ba mau(dessert) which has red beans and green beans if u like sweets, hands down the best in Vegas. Come check them out. Highly recommended!
5	This place is My regular Pho Spot. I have been to other Vietnamese restaurants and tried other Pho and Spring Rolls, but I like this place.
5	Best pho in town or at least on the south east side. Love the broth, generous portions and service.
4	Almost just like Grandma makes it. Almost. I like to get the pho with brisket, as I find it's the best cut of meat for this delicious soup. The broth is flavorful and brings the meal together. They have especially delicious Thai tea here that definitely does not come from a bottle (I watched them make it behind the counter)! My only qualms are that the fish sauce is not strong enough and they don't allow debit transactions under $10...I even offered to add a tip to the total to make it reach beyond $10 and they said no. I know credit card companies charge the business for each transaction...but many people don't carry cash and it's a convenience factor to be able to pay with my card. Either way, the pho is delicious and I shall return again!
2	6 months ago, we ate here and there was a nasty stench of raw sewage and insence. (not working as a cover-up) Tried it again and stink was gone. Went back today and the smell was so bad that we immediately turned heel and walked out.  the people walking in behind us left too. Bummer, because we love the pho and ban xiao (spelling?).  Owners, pay whatever it takes to fix this problem, and we will be back!
3	Large selection of Viatnamese food to include Pho.  Priced under $10 per dish.  It was good food for the price.
4	I LOVE Pho and this place is my favorite. The food is fresh and delicious. I can never finish it all. I like how they give me extra broth so I can enjoy my leftovers at home. Great service!
4	That's gooood soup! Also good value for the money as well. I love a filling soup and was more used to Ramen but now I'm also a Pho-fan. The broth has a savory meaty flavor which is very important to me and just as equally (or actually more) important, they don't skimp on the meat!~ ^_^ It's also nice that you get a generous amount of extras, jalepenos, mint, bean sprouts, hoisin sauce, etc. to add in whether you ask for it or not. I'm not sure how people are thinking the broth is too greasy/salty, all good broth is to a point, since that's where some of your flavor comes from and a bland soup broth is a big no-no. The only non-praise I have for this place is that you have to spend $10 to use a credit card and I also wasn't impressed with the spring rolls, too subtle of a flavor for me even with the sauce.P.S : I wish they would stay open later! 11pm sounds perfect!~
4	This place is pretty bomb. It was a little weird driving up bc its in some converted 50s lookin' roadside dinner and I almost missed it. They keep it freezing in the restaurant, which is awesome bc who wants pho when its 90+ degrees outside. The broth was pretty on point - traditional and seasoned just right. The best part? It didn't leave you smelling like pho. You all know what I'm talking about... That broth seeps out of your pores all day, but this place didn't leave me feelin' like that. Will def come back the next time I'm in Vegas, esp. after a crazy night.
4	They stayed open late for my pickup order one night after class. Thank you! I love the all american decor! It doesn't fit pho at all but makes me smile. Their food is good and reasonably priced. I had the plain chicken pho and would recommend it again.
1	The place smelled like fish sauce. Broth was okay, I've had better. They didn't have any chili oil sauce...Minus 2 stars just for that.  The hoisin sauce was the $1.25 bottle like the one in my pantry. (Could've at least put it in their own plastic container) I had the combo pho and there was 1/6 slice of a beef ball in it. Really? Ok, no. Then I got a Vietnamese pork sandwich.  The only thing in there was some kind of lunch meat looking thing, shredded carrots (mind you, it wasn't even pickled), and sliced cucumbers. No cilantro. No taste. Nothing special about the Thai tea.. Last, the guy who rang up the bill handed me a paper with numbers and my total and said, " is everything right here?" Umm how would I know what those numbers mean? Won't be coming back if I'm ever craving pho. Sorry not sorry.
4	Very good Pho. Smells so good when I walk in the door. Great coffee. Good service. Friendly staff. Always willing to go back.
5	I love this place!!! Best pho in Henderson!!!!   I have gone to the ones in Chinatown. They are good, but I think the quality of the meats here are excellent. The broth is super flavorful and the prices are excellent. They have had a few owners. (I think just within the same family.).  But the quality has never changed. I take everyone here when they are visiting or want to try something new.
3	We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered 1. Crispy eggs rolls2. Vermicelli with grilled chicken3. Vermicelli with egg rolls4. Seafood soup for $36- FUSION! Dragon Ball Z Style, Viet food in a Johnny Rocket's atmosphere. HAHA- Smaller portions and higher-priced than what I'm used to when it comes to Viet food. - The crepe seemed a bit expensive at a glance so we were hesitant to get it since at the Asian Garden Mall, Westminster, sells it for so much cheaper, and My GF's mom makes so many at a time...so we had to pass unfortunately. But maybe next time. - Tiny fried egg rolls!! Although, I must note, it came out super fresh and crispy. - Vermicelli was average. Fresh vegetables, but nothing remarkable for Vermicelli eaters. - Seafood soup was delicious. Get it. - Nice service! The Filipino server was able to relate to my Filipino parents. Haha. - Good place for Viet food-newbs that don't want to deal with a language barrier.
4	I have to say this place doesn't look anything like your typical Pho restaurant. You might even pass by and not even realize you can get some great pho here. So don't let looks deceive you, this place was pretty good. Probably my second choice for pho in Vegas. First being Pho Saigon 8 on spring mountain. It's called Lemongrass Cafe but it should be appropriately named Lemongrass Diner. A fellow Yelper described it as "Vietnamese Pulp Fiction"...my thoughts exactly honey bunny!! Now back to the food. I ordered pho tai, a small bowl as usual. Flavorful broth, not overly salty. I barely had to add any hot sauce to it, didn't need it. Took longer to arrive at my table than I'm used to but I didn't mind so much. 5 minutes isn't a big deal. All in all, pleasantly surprised. Great pho, I'll definitely be back again when I'm on that side of town. Thanks fellow Yelpers for this find. ; )
4	Delicious food!The pho is very tasty and made with extremely fresh ingredients.Don't let the exterior fool you, the restaurant was clean and we'll kept inside.
3	Wow this place is a blast from the past, looks like an old 50's diner, and ironically as I walk in there are cops sitting in a booth to my left, literally laughed out loud, be sides that the food was good, the crapes they have are awesome and I would come back for that alone, the only reason I don't give them that extra star is that it takes forever to get your food, man are they slow, and forget about refills on your drinks that's not happening
5	Don't expect this review to judge their restaurant decor. I'm not one for the trendy eateries and appreciate the food instead. Sure it sits in a renovated diner lot but I've always had good pho and food. I've been coming here for years and have always been welcomed with a smile and my drinks were always filled. Food is good. Of course their Pho is always the Holy Grail of their menu. I've had other dishes and they always arrived nicely plated and cooked tender. I always come here before catching a movie.
4	Visiting Las Vegas from San Bernardino and found this jewel. Food was great. Pho broth was flavorful and service was friendly. Highly recommend spring rolls. They were the best I've ever eaten.
2	We went here new years eve. Somebody told me it was good. We get inside and I order a beer. They tell there is no alcohol. It says there is on the website. The place is so quiet. No music on at all. I mean really quiet. No ambiance. Everyone that worked there looked like they just left the couch. The older man, maybe owner, was in sweat pants, a sweat shirt and dirty baseball cap. His kid, or a kid, probably 15 years old. Was in gym shorts and a dirty t-shirt. Not what you want serving you your food. The crepe appetizer was ok. The vermicelli had no taste. I poured 4 cups of whatever the sauce is on the side over it. I will not be going here again. Better food up the street.
5	Lemon-grass pork w rice dish is the bomb!
1	So this  is the first night my usual server isn't on. And all I have to say service is awful & excessively slow! As a regular I have to say this is a slap on the face with their lack of initiative.
5	This is the only place we have found that has legit vegetarian pho. Not just vegetables in regular pho broth, but the broth is vegetarian too. This alone gets a 5 star but it also helps that the food is really delicious, reasonably priced and the staff are always really friendly to us. They are always making recommendations and haven't steered us wrong yet. It can be intimidating trying new things, but we have been back several times and will continue to eat here.
4	Like this small pho place! Been here maybe twice or so before and always get the brisket pho! Good amount of food even for their smaller size. Noodles, beef and broth are great! Today, I tried their vermicelli noodles with veggie eggroll! Their veggie egg rolls are deep fried with tofu, clear noodles, carrots,jicama, onion and mushroom! The dish is almost like eating pho -- minus the broth and beef!
5	This is my favorite Vietnamese spot. They are very open to accommodating vegans and vegetarians, and have the best vegetarian pho I've had. Many of their dishes can be adjusted, with tofu subbed in for meat. I'm not afraid to get the vegetarian pho and a vegetarian sandwich and then proceed to dip the sandwich into the pho, French-dip style.This place used to be a '50s themed diner which has had some Vietnamese stuff put around the room and on the walls, so the overall ambience and decor is a bit strange: Viet-American-Retro. The service is hit or miss. Some servers are on top of things and fast, others, not so much.What keeps me coming back is the food and the willingness to accommodate a picky vegan customer. A lot of Vietnamese places wouldn't even try; this one not only tries, but succeeds.By the way, they have excellent Vietnamese coffee for vegetarians, though I think they used real condensed milk, so it's not an option for vegans. Ask and find out; things like this are always in flux.
3	The food is good only ordered one item.  The service was okay, not attentive.  Other groups around me got a lot of attention.  I don't really know if they want singles in there.  I will probably try this again.  The awards are good, and so are the reviews so I will go back.
4	We tried ban xeo had great taste, the pork chops were also very good. The nuc muom sauce was really good can be put into anything and will make it taste good.  Will definitely try the Pho when we come back.
4	Lemongrass has delicious food and tea.  The service was good.  My only suggestion/concern is the smell.  Need better ventilation.
5	Excellent meal and fantastic service!  Vermicelli with Grilled Shrimp, Spicy Beef Soup and Flan!  This was our first visit and won't be our last.
4	This is a solid 4 stars.  Today I had the pork banh mi and small pho with meatballs.  The pork was marinated and sliced thinly along with julienne carrots, cucumber spears, cilantro.  Delicious!  The pho was hearty, just enough for a soup and sandwich combo.  Nice side veggies to dump in, some Thai basil, sliced jalapenos, bean sprouts.  I hadn't been here since the Five and Diner closed.  But I certainly will return for this one.  Terrific food!  Service could be a little better.
5	This place was great food! Definitely coming back here. Service was fast, food was tasty.What we ordered:Vegetarian egg rolls: solid, good appetizerVegetable banh mi and fried egg banh mi: really liked the fried egg banh mi :)Tofu pho with veggie broth: best of the night! Got a large and was enough to split between three peopleShrimp stir-fry noodles: not a fan...was OK overall.Young coconut drink: DELICIOUS!!Thai iced tea: soooo good!
4	It's nice to have a family dinner but no kid menu makes it difficult. Aside from the extra expense the place is cool very 50's diner retro like. Food was good, traditional Vietnamese style. Very laid back and casual. Delicious spring rolls.
2	Just, no.  I got food here when I was in town for the weekend with some friends and we stayed at a house nearby.I got: crispy egg rolls, grilled chicken banh mi, and a side of pho broth.Egg rolls: Good, fresh, and I like that they were served with the lettuce and fresh mint leaves and cilantro.  Best way to eat them is to wrap them in the lettuce with the herbs and dip into the lemongrass sauce. Yum.Banh mi: It was the SMALLEST banh mi I have ever seen, AND they charged $6.75 for it.  I've been a regular at various Vietnamese restaurants, both east coast and west coast for years - banh mi's are at least 30-40% bigger than theirs and cost around $4-$5.  Also, the grilled chicken inside was weirdly chopped up and not good quality. Pho broth: This was the coup de grace of any good impression this restaurant could have made.  The broth tasted just like the CANNED beef broth you get at Asian supermakets with maybe some star anise added in - there was no depth or richness of flavor that comes from hours of simmering beef bones.  I will bet anyone $100 that this place doesn't make its stock the legit way. It gets 2 stars because the service was friendly and because it inhabits what obviously used to be a Silver Diner - their food is definitely still better than whatever Silver Diner had.
1	Not sure what happened to older staff that was there. Back then, food was great with decent service. Now it's still the same food with terrible service. Why? I do not know. I don't ever see the good staff anymore. Bad choice by management.I was not happy from the beginning when I asked for extra lime prior my dish and she agreed and then she brought out lemons instead. Then I informed the waitress that I wanted lime and she said because lime is so expensive they don't serve it anymore. First of all, lime and lemon have two different distinct taste... If they had good management this wouldn't be happening.
4	I come here all the time after work for food. It's a little place from the outside look like an American diner. It's vietnamese/ french cousine. My favorite is banh seo( crepe looking) which has pork and shrimp, I prefer no meat. Also they have a large menu of Pho and Bun of all kind. Really good food and great customer service. Love this place.
3	Random that it is in an old diner.  They have Heu tieu on the menu!  My favorite dish when I visit Vietnam.  Not nearly as good here, but the closest I've gotten to it here at home.  The broth is a good flavor.  Thin clear noodles. The seafood in it is not fresh so that is the main downfall.  I still like it better than pho. The pho tastes good.  The fresh spring rolls were very good and clean tasting. Had an overall good experience.
2	Cockroach crawled out of sprout plate... Killed it, hesitated to stay but did. They apologized, replaced food, charged me every cent for my food n to-go dinner. Used to come here every week, my fav pho diner, but I think I'll drive a little farther to Chinatown from now on...
2	Last Friday I was eating with couple friends in Lemongrass caffe I was so disappoint with a poor service there the soup was so plain
4	I enjoy this Vietnamese restaurant meets 50s diner. Their standard (pork and shrimp) and grilled chicken spring roll appetizers are pretty good.The pho tai nam was really good. You could taste the beef bones used to make the broth. It was rich with beef flavor and had a little fatty richness to it. If ur not that risky and want a safe dish. You could order #80 which is an excellent tender beef dish with onions and bell peppers. The wait staff during lunches are really helpful and informative. The male&female staff work the floor and seem to know all the patrons on a first name basis. I was impressed when the female server asked me if I wanted my grilled chicken spring roll. I met her only once before (3 weeks earlier) and asked if there wS an alternative to the shrimp and pork option. I wS impressed when she mentioned it was too hot to eat soup and asked if I'd still be ordering soup . Which is what I ordered once before.  "she's good"I thought for a moment wow I'm that memorable, "pause for reflection" nope she's just that good.. Lol.. I will come here again just to order something different to throw her off. Hehehe.
5	I visit here every couple of months from Oregon.  I am addicted to their spring rolls and egg rolls.  Every thing is really fresh and delicious.  I also usually get Pho and it's great too.  That's all I've had here. I'll get a bit more adventurous next time I come:)
4	Tonight I ordered the chicken pho, and I really enjoyed it! It was not the best pho I've ever had, but it was very good and the location is convenient to me. When I'm not in the mood to drive all the way over to china town, I will definitely get my pho here. Good prices too, I paid about $8.50 for the large size. Lemongrass cafe is waaay better than the pho place across the street by the gym.
4	I have eaten here the last 2 times I was in Vegas because it serves very good food. Unique restaurant because the setting is an old school American diner so you expect burger and fries, not Vietnamese food. I ordered their #68 which is their combo vermicelli with bbq pork, sausage and egg rolls. This will easily feed 2 people. It is light and tasty with great textures of noodles, veggies, meat and crispy egg rolls. The wifey got her typical veggie pho and loved it. We also ordered their veggie spring rolls. It was fresh and delicious. The Vietnamese iced coffee was too sweet. The whipped cream on top was regrettable. Great prices and service. A solid 4 stars.
1	Cheapest meat ever.  Didn't like it one bit.  Staff was friendly. Did not care for the pho.  Cleanliness did not look like a priority.
4	This place is very unique because it was one a 50s diner and the new owners still use the decor and stuck with the theme.but one thing that's really good is the spring rolls they have this crunchy wonton or garlic inside that gives it a crunchy texcture which makes it awesome. their pho is ok I still think they need to with on their broth but I still like it. When I'm in Henderson and I want pho I choose this place first.. the other two nearby just suck I won't even give them a review. do the right thing people when you're nearby and eat here.Things that's cool here is they do banh mi and the beef stew with French bread so you can dip with.
5	This is mine and my best friends favorite place to go together! :-) we always wonder why everyone doesn't go here, it may be the fact that it's a little bit hidden behind other buildings. But if you are a fan of Pho then this is the place you need to go. Every time I go I get the chicken pho with a tai tea, it's seriously amazing! The service is also great, and because we go so often they already have our order in when we walk through the door. If you haven't been here, you need to go :-)
1	Today I had a crazy craving for pho soup and my boyfriend and I had found lemongrass on yelp. It was a cute diner and setting but definitely weird because I had eaten at the old place before it become lemongrass. But I was definitely satisfied with the layout. My soup was just okay. I think what made it good was the tons if sauce I had to put in it. The main thing I was unsatisfied with was the service. We were greeted very rudely and never got checked up on. The restaurant only had maybe a couple more people in it and we had to wave down a waitress two times before finally getting refills.Another thing I want to add was that my boyfriends dish tasted like shrimp when it was definitely a chicken dish. It was just very not appeasing to know that the same pans are used to cook different meats.And the last thing that bothered me was a homeless women walked straight in to the restaurant and went to each table asking for money. I feel like the owners did nothing to stop this and I was just unhappy with my service overall.I don't think I'd go back here anytime soon. Next time I'll have to go down to Chinatown.
5	Forget Chinatown and spring mountain. If you want legit Vietnamese food in Las Vegas go here. Take it from a guy whose grown up eating it for 23 years :)
5	Great for vegetarians like me! Their Vegetarian Pho is made using only vegetables, no meat broth or fish sauce and it's yummy!  My favorite items are the Vegetable Crepe (appetizer), the three bean ice (dessert) and the Vietnamese Coffee. Very fresh, and tasty herbs and spring rolls as well! I highly recommend this place!
5	Love this place!! Food is fast and always good. Staff is always friendly. It's definitely my favorite Vietnamese restaurant on this side of town.
1	Service started out okay, but after we were served it went down hill. No water refills and after asking twice for a fork and napkins we still never got them. I wanted to like this place because of the good reviews but the service ruined it for us. We were never asked if we needed anything, we just sat there waiting for them to come to our table and towards the end we got what we needed by waving at them. Will not be back.
5	I don't typically like Asian cuisine but When I came here I had the shrimp pho, It was so delicious! If you like spicy and seafood, this is your dish. And service here is friendly and I love the decor, it's so cute.
5	Only place I'll have pho and spring rolls. Of all the places I've been to for pho, they have the best flavor for the broth, best portion and best service. I've been to a lot of places in China Town, the broth is bland and the service is not the best.
4	I thought this place was very good. It's one of the best Vietnamese restaurants in henderson. They are friendly, very quick , and the do have staff that speak English so we aren't playing the game where I just have to point to the menu and hope that what I'm being served is going to taste good. The pho is awesome and so are the spring rolls and every different kind bahn mi sandwhich. They are fresher than the other Vietnamese places in the area and don't used processed meats. I love it. They never answer the phone , when I'm trying to order ahead. They are super!!!
5	Yum!!!! This was our first time here and the noodle soup was awesome!! It's very inexpensive and the broth in both of our soup ( beef & one veggi ) was very flavorful! Some places you go to for noodle soup has a bland broth. The vegetables in the soup were crisp and very fresh. The service was very friendly and fast! YUM!
5	Simply the best Vietnamese food in the valley. They also have the LVRJ award for best place for Vietnamese food.
4	EXCELLENT BANH XEOWe use to eat here quite often when it was then the very first Vietnamese restaurant to open on the eastern side of this valley. Back then there was a different owner operator with Klondikish employee practice standards. Some of it rubbed us the wrong way. So we stayed away even though we had heard from an ex-employee that the business had been sold. It didn't stop us from following their reviews.On a Thursday evening, they were fairly busy with a mixed crowd. Essentially the restaurant hadn't changed in the five or six years we had been away. Except the stinky carpet was gone. A big improvement to say the least. The other improvement is the food coming out of the kitchen. It's really really good.Banh Xeo or omelet appetizer could very well be a meal in itself.  Packed with bean sprouts, grilled shrimps, pork while the outer egg batter is skillfully pan fried to perfection... crisp, not excessively oily and not so watered down that it would fall apart before it makes it to your mouth. Frankly, it's the best Banh Xeo I've had in a long time. Most surprising was the generous amount of green lettuce leafs, basil, mint and cilantro.For the main course, it's the two grilled super sized pork chops with rice. More meat than bones...the way it should be. Not wafer thin, skimpy size or lacking in seasoning. Would have liked the chops even more if they had been fattier along the edges. Yu-go has seen enough reviews and pics to insist on ordering a small bowl of spicy Bun Bo Hue.... a southern coastal favorite with thicker udon like noodles, thin slices of beef shank, Vietnamese spam, pork blood, pig knuckle with galanga shavings. Not quite there, no pork blood and just a fatty pig rind instead of a real knuckle. It still turns out to be a very good rendering. Small bowl was packed better than most large orders elsewhere.Our server was very engaging and sincerely apologetic for our wait. Personally we thought the food was served in a reasonable time. The staff is essentially Vietnamese, and we think it's a difference maker.
4	OK...today I had an experience with a grumpy server but once my regular server noticed my unhappy dilemma with great skill took charge of my table and made dining at lunch wonderful.  Great recovery from the initial bad start.  I will go back!!
5	Always a great experience. Small family owned restaurant near Eastern colonnade theaters @ Eastern/Pebble.  Pho is excellent. The tofu spring rolls are delicious. We love their hot tea. Fast service. Friendly staff. Fresh food. Much better than the Pho Saigon 8 across the street (Gross!) give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
5	Hubby and I went to Lemongrass Cafe last night for the first time. We had spring rolls, pho, and jasmine tea. Good and inexpensive- we plan to go back and try more menu items.
4	I felt compelled to update again as this restaurant cares about customer service.  After my last update about experiencing a grumpy server they contacted me to assure me that it was an one time experience as the server had a bad start to her day.  I get that as it happens to all of us on occasion.  I went back the other day and had a great lunch with the same server and she even remembered by fave dessert.  I felt I needed to set the record straight because they care..and that is a good thing!
4	I really liked this place. It was really nice and clean inside.  I drove right past it and had to pull over to make sure I was in the right place because the outside looks like your average classic American diner or burger joint. My girlfriend had a really good veggie tofu pho and I had lemongrass beef and egg roll vermicelli. Nothing outstanding about either but nothing bad at all to say, both were great. Oh wait the egg roll was actually REALLY good! I think among the best I've had in a Vietnamese restaurant.  I don't think you can make a bad decision here, I'm sure it's all good, and the flan was good too!
5	Looks as though they could have taken over a 50's diner. So not what I was expecting a Vietnamese restaurant to look like. Hah. But the food was delicious! Got the rare steak and tendon pho. Broth is on point and the price is reasonable. Service was actually good too. The manager lady had a smile on her face and was attentive. So far this is the best I've had in town. Will definitely be going back.
4	Enjoy the Vietnamese food the staff was friendly huge portions I would definitely get a couple of dishes for 5 friends and everybody share family style.
3	Granted I was the first person there, I always get the pho tai and vietnamese restaurants and this one was A-ok.. service was great though!
2	Good food,  terrible service! Not accommodating what so ever... I'm sorry, but to get a good review from me, good food and good service comes hand in hand and it's  a must! We ordered 2 orders of bun bo hue (spicy noodle soup), yes I get it, it's supposed to be spicy.  I can handle the spice, but my fiance cannot, lol ... of course the noodles arrive and as soon as I tasted it I knew he couldn't handle it... The spice level must have been at least an 8! So when the server comes over and asked if it was OK,  I told her it was too spicy for him, and if they  could remake another bowl for him since he only took two bites. Her reply was that we should have told the server how spicy we wanted it. Umm yea obviously I would have, but the server who took the order did not ask. Mind you my fiance is Vietnamese and his mom makes this dish for us all the time, not to mention we've ordered this many times,  many different restaurants and it's never came out this spicy! So long story short,  the server refuses to remake the bowl and tells us we will be charged double, I told her that makes NO SENSE!  But whatever. ... There are way too many restaurants in Vegas to trip over this one restaurant,  so BYE FELICIA!!!!
4	This place is A-OK! The food is really well prepared. Thanks to Yelpers for pointing me to this place, and, more importantly, for posting a picture of the restaurant exterior! TIP: it is a free-standing building in a strip mall; the restaurant looks like a chrome-plated 50s diner. I am not from Vegas and literally drove past the restaurant 3 times before I stopped to troll the Yelp pictures to see if someone had posted a pic of the exterior. They had! And I realized I had completely seen the building, but discounted it, never figuring it would be a Vietnamese place.Service slightly sluggish, with weekend servers tending to hang out behind the counter talking rather than coming to tables for basic things like providing water, or, taking orders.
4	Pretty much our go-to place for pho. I had the round eye steak and brisket. My wife had  the brisket and tripe. Both bowls were empty when we got up to leave.We were hoping for a 45 minute dinner at 7 to make a movie at 8 o'clock on a Saturday night. We didn't make the originally planned movie. It was our fault for not planning enough cushion. The restaurant is understaffed to handle dinner rushes on the weekend and everything was just backed up. The staff was not standing around twiddling their thumbs. In fact, they were working quite hard and they did well to get us in and out in an hour. But we only got two bowls of soup. They had two servers to cover about 20+ tables and to host. There was one food runner and one busser. 5 minute wait to get seated, 5 minute wait for greet, 35 minute ticket time. They just couldn't handle the volume. We did make it to another movie at 8:15 in the Colannade.I would recommend for the pho. Unless you have no time constraints for your meal, I would not recommend going during peak meal times.
4	Food is always good, I always get the combination pho, and wife gets the chicken pho, always good. Sometimes service for refills can be a bit slow but not a deal breaker, would recommend.
1	I ate here with my boyfriend and the service was good, but it took a while for the food... About 20 minutes.I've made pho before and basically all you do is boil noodles and add slices of beef and the broth that was pre-made in a larger pot, but it took my boyfriend and I at least 20 minutes to get our food. We saw bowls coming out and none of them were ours... We thought they may have forgotten about us haha. I have to say though, the broth is much more flavorful compared to other pho restaurants here in vegas. However, the bottom of my boyfriends bowl had remnants of dried food... Not the best at washing dishes. But since my boyfriend was starving and it was only dirty on the outside, he ate it anyway haha. Still... It wasn't appetizing knowing that he was eating out of a bowl that was dirty on the outside and was filled with a dark soup base not being able to see what was inside.
4	Enjoyed the food. This used to be a Johnny Rockets restaurant so it has that retro look. Price is reasonable. Will go again for Vietnamese food when the craving comes.
4	Hubby was feeling a little under the weather due to the AC being on in the room all night.  So we figured to have some PHO.  We're not locals and coming from Los Angeles we know all of our PHO spots.  So who do we turn to, our handy dany yelp.  so this place pretty much was the first to pop up, read reviews, and said why not.  So we pull up and it looks like a 50's diner which was pretty off for being a PHO place, but don't let the looks decieve you.  We enter, we sit down look at the menu and ordered our soup.  Although most of the PHO places i've gone to is really quick and fast it took kind of long to get our soups, i won't lie i was getting frustrated already.  i would say it was a good 20mins wait, for PHO i know right.  well anyways we holler at the waitress to ask what's up with our soup and she said they were waiting for our egg rolls to cook, so i think okay they just want all of our stuff we ordered to come out at the same time.  So food comes, and wow!! The broth was super good! It was very rich in flavor, it was really good, i really enjoyed it.  So this frustrated person became a happy person.  We are for sure coming back to get our PHO fix and i would totally recommend this place.
3	Food is always good.Service during the day is grand- night time less than excellent for sure... Bummer.
5	Growing up in Orange County, CA, I had the opportunity of eating really good Vietnamese food. Just tried the Bun Bo Hue at Lemongrass and in my opinion, it is the best Bun Bo Hu I have ever had.If you are in Vegas and like Bun Bo Hue, you have to check this place out.
1	Our first time trying this place and we will never go back again! Service was terrible and food took forever to come out. They screwed up our order and my daughter never received her food. Orders came out separately and half of our table was done before the other half ever got their food. Always had to track down wait staff to get help. Food was ok but we've had better at Saigon 8 on spring mountain.  When I complained about the service they seemed to not care and never apologized about the problems. I will never recommend this place to others.
4	I'm impressed with their quality. I've eaten about 8 different Vietnamese restaurants looking for that pho that makes me want to come back and here it is. The meat isn't old like at most pho restaurants in town and the broth is flavorful. They don't pile a load of mint leaves and sprouts just to make it look like you're getting a deal they give you enough to fill your bowl without wasting. Their fried egg rolls were very crispy and the sauce to dip it in wasn't sweet and thick it was palatable. The iced tea had a touch of the culture which gives it a nice complimentary taste to the meal. It was a little confusing finding the place because there aren't signs on the marquees and it is the old diner lol. All you need is a big conspicuous sign on top of the restaurant with bold colors. I read someone else's review and naming it Vietnamese diner is appropriate and cute idea! The only complaint is to air out the place it feels stuffy and stale.
5	Very good place to eat pho! Good service and good price. Lots to order! Must try! Too bad it's not 24/7 though!
5	awesome food. the little old Vietnamese lady who took our order was adorable! authentic vietnamese spices and flavors.
3	Never seen a Vietnamese restaurant in an old diner, definitely threw me off for a while. I would've driven in circles before thinking this was the place. So I walk in...it's pretty empty. I never like empty restaurants, it tells me what's going to come, normally a very bad time. No one was there to greet, so I decided to sit at the bar since I was dining alone that night. There was about ten customers total in this place. Took a while for someone to give me a menu, even though the waitresses passed me multiple times. After finally looking over the menu, I decided I wanted to try their spring rolls, and I really wanted a sandwich. Wanted to try the veggie Bahn Mi. After she brings me the rolls, she informs me that they are out of avocado. That's basically the main ingredient in the sandwich. I didn't really want much meat, so I agreed to basically a sandwich with some greenery in it. Spring rolls with just shrimp were very good...although on the small side. The peanut sauce was very tasty as well. When my sandwich came...I noticed that it too was on the small side. Bread was good, just wish I had the full power of the veggie sandwich with all the ingredients. So basically I left there hungry. Food was cheap tho...I might give them another shot.
1	I've been here twice, and both times the service was terrible. It took 20 minutes to even get service. My pho came before my water and tea, and my water refill didn't come for 10 minutes. The small soup is extremely small. Pho mailan (close to this place) is way better, super fast, and the portions and veggies are much more plentiful. I will not be returning here.
5	Best PHO in Vegas. I've tried maybe like six different pho restaurant and I can definitely say that Lemongrass Cafe is the best. There pho has so much flavor to it and the soup is not at all oily like some restaurants.  Serves is amazing and persistent. Love this place! I would recommend Lemongrass Cafe. Try it you won't be disappointed.
5	Vegan/Vegetarian friendly!!!! My family and I go here every week (2-3 times) for their vegetarian pho with vege and tofu (actually vegan because they use vege broth, fresh broccolis, carrots, onions, celery, tofu). You CAN ask for extra veggie and/or tofu for an extra charge. I sometimes do that n get no noddles if I want to eat really light. I have to warn you, the vege phos usually take a little longer because they actually have to make the broth when you order but it is so worth the wait. It is so light but satisfying for us (note that I am not vegetarian and I order that everytime now). I actually brought some friends (meat eaters and vefetarians) and they enjoyed the vegetarian pho as well! When i want to endulge myself a bit, I order their vegetarian spring rolls. I love to have them cut the rolls so that I can easily dunk em in the sauce and wrap the little pieces in the lettuce they provide. Well, I ask for extra lettuce, too.Seriously love this place. I think I have been coming here ever since they opened. I used to have thier meat phos, seafood pho with egg noodles/glass noodles, rice dishes, etc. I recommend this place 100%.
4	Vietnamese restaurants usually NEVER compare with my homecooked meals, however Lemongrass was delightful! We managed to get back into LV before it closed after a weekend trip to OC. I got a pseudo-broken rice (com tam) dish with bbq pork, cha, and cold-fresh veggies. It's in a cute diner-style decor with good ambience and not as noisy.
3	One of the few Vietnamese restaurants I have come across in Vegas and I have to say it is decent enough for me to come back multiple times. I was thinking about giving this place 4 stars, but I have been spoiled with cheaper and tastier Vietnamese dishes back in Orange County.My favorite dish would have to be the lemongrass beef rice plate with the egg cake and shredded pork that comes with rice and vegetables. Don't get the lemongrass beef dish that only comes with the meat and veggies because it is the same price, but you don't get a variety of items. I tried both and you don't get much more beef so just be aware of that. A few things I didn't like was the lack of pickled carrots and daikon that normally come with broken rice dishes and the weak tasting fish sauce. I literally had to use the whole bowl they gave to me to flavor my rice and it still wasn't enough. If you don't like fish sauce, then it shouldn't be a problem haha.You can expect typical Asian service which means the workers don't have the best customer service. I was literally seated and handed a menu and the guy comes over less than a minute later asking me if I was ready to order when I was clearly still checking the stuff out. Then he never came back to check on my friend and I so I had to go to the front and ask for service. They don't really check up on you if you need a refill on your drink or when you are ready to pay the bill. If normally let these things slide since the food usually makes up for it. In this case however, I am desperate for Vietnamese food so I guess I'll lee coming back until I find a better place.Oh yeah, don't get confused by the place if you are going to try it out for the first time. It literally looks like an American diner from the 60's. They should probably change it up a bit unless that's the look they are going for...
3	Pho is fine but the soup is not even close to 'warm'. I would give this place 4 stars if soup would be hotter.
3	The food is great.  Best pho in town.  Their service on the other hand could be better.  Don't expect to be served right away if you come by yourself on your lunch break.  They will walk right past you.
1	The food is good, but I think the business is starting to cut corners. Over the past few visits, we've noticed that the bowls of pho are not being filled. At first, we thought it was an oversight, but as weekly customers, we see this shorting every visit. We shouldn't have to ask for a full bowl every visit.The menus are terribly out of date with many items crossed off or new prices penned in.And the restaurant is just...dirty. There are stains and fingerprint everywhere, and the outside desperately needs basic landscaping maintenance. This restaurant earned "Best of Vegas" in the past, but given the trend they're following, I think their days are numbered. Start looking for a new place for your pho fix.
3	Thai ice tea is really good!Vegetarian spring rolls with peanut sauce were great!Soups are good too: tried vegetarian and steak - both great!Curry was absolutely tasteless...payed $2 extra for tasteless boiled shrimp...Noodles with lemongrass tofu - too much garlic (which was not even in the description of the dish)Loooong wait for to-go orders, 30+ mins with not busy restaurant! Order pick up ahead!
4	My family and I have been coming here for years and I guess it's just been such a regular staple for us that I forgot to review it. I love the food here. Everything I've ever had I is fresh and flavorful. My favorite is the #69.  If you're not used to Vietnamese cuisine but you're ok with stepping out of your comfort zone, you'll be pleasantly surprised with Lemongrass Cafe.
1	this place deserve no star at all but yelp is making me to give out star so i have to , Me and my wife was here lastnight start off with some appertizer everything went by good , after our entree has arrived i tasted the broth and it was straight up bland so i ask for some salt to reseasoning again  the meat was tateless the brisket were old they have turn into yellow so terrible, this is my first time and i think i will never return , the service was good . dont come here if u dont wanna get sick of eating old food
