4	Texaz Grill was recomended to me by a friend and I was not dissappointed!  The atmosphere is that of the late 70's and it looks like nothing has been done to it since.  You get the feeling that you're eating in a roadhouse bar.  The steaks are cooked to order and you won't pay more than $20 for one either.  The portions are so generous I wasn't able to finish my meal.
4	Have to agree with Timmy... located just off the 51, it does have a Roadhouse feel to it...  Haven't been there for dinner, but the combination Texas/Arizona (hence the name) cuisine is pretty good fare...
4	Texaz is fun!  I grew up in Texas and this is the real deal.  The chicken fried steak is my fave.But, last night, Mom and I hit Texaz for dinner and decided to share the fried shrimp platter.  Each shrimp is as big as your head!  Ok, maybe not, but they are a good size, about 3-4 inches.  For $15 is was a deal.  I added an extra salad for $2.All dinners come with salad, choice of potatoes (fried or mashed -- the fried potatoes are chunks of potatoes, deep fried; the mashed are still a bit chunky with white gravy), and a roll and a biscuit.The salad is basic -- iceberg lettuce and tomatoes.  Ranch or olive vinaigrette for dressing.  The olive is great!Shiner bock is the house beer for $3.25 a bottle, other domestics are $2.75 each and imports are $3.75.Our dinner, two salads, 2 Coors lights and one JD on the rocks was $29 including the tip.Yee haw!Y'all come back now, y'hear?!
4	No false advertising here.  Just the best damn chicken fried steak I've had in Phoenix (and BBQ beef ribs, see update).We also got the bbq pork sandwich which was so mouth wateringly good that I wished Texaz would just go ahead and deliver a full line of bbq items...and stop teasing me with just this one tempting tasty bitReally generous portions. The sides was just typical..but with the mains this good, I couldn't really care.   My plate was overflowing and my jeans needed loosening after the super yummy and yet easy on the wallet lunch.Update:We've been on the hunt for BBQ beef ribs which doesn't seem as popular as pork ribs.  It may not be as tender as pork but the flavor is what we're after.  When we heard that our favorite Texan restaurant serves it only on Tuesday nights, we had to make the trip.We arrived after 9pm but luckily they still had one order left.   $11 for five giant beef back ribs - slow-smoked over hickory and oak, topped with a homemade BBQ sauce and served with their rustic mashed potatoes. The dry spice-rub had so infused into the meat during the long slow cooking process that we didn't need the sauce.  Eating beef ribs is a carnivorous act - almost caveman like - if it wasn't for the fact that the server thoughtfully brought us a warm wet napkin to wipe our saucy fingers on.Despite the tastiness of the ribs, there was just so much of it that even with the two of us sharing, we could not finish it.  It made for a tasty lunch the day after.
5	HOLY CRAP!  Texaz is the meat-lovers paradise. DO IT!
4	My stand-by easy night for dinner and a drink spot.I prefer to sit at the bar with Tammy and have a salad and a burger, or maybe the Chicken or Beef Kabob (Ask for it dry "no butter").Also love the Chili and the Fried Shrimp.  Ask for extra mushrooms is yummy to me.  Furthermore, the Thursday BBQ special rocks (but split it with someone as it is huge).  The Friday night Fish and Chips is delicious.Not a fan of Liver and Onions ever so I wouldn't order it.  Sometimes the salads can be pretty heavy on dressing.  Biggest gripe = I used to order my Vodka Tonic, till I found out they use an "Absolute 100" vodka or something similar that is 100 Proof.  In my opinion it is totally wrong to serve somebody  a "100" vodka versus the normal "80".  It is the same as ordering a rum and coke and getting Barcadi 151 rum instead.   A totally different product.  Can you tell this is an issue for me?Otherwise one of my favorite watering holes for sure.  Nice people too.
4	mmmmm ... steak.  Not just steak ... reasonably priced steak, all set in a hillbilly/Texas setting.
5	This place is just my speed. Not pretentious, not overpriced just realllllllly good chicken fried steak. Whenever I go, someone gets the fried chicken & someone gets the chicken fried steak and we share because the portions are GINORMOUS (sp?) . The house salad dressing is my absolute favorite dressing out there. One thing to watch out for, they serve the beer in little itty bitty glasses which somehow makes me drink more....maybe thats why I always leave there happy. Prices are very reasonable and service is perfect. They are there to feed you and let you get on with your night!
5	My aunt and uncle live not too far away from this cozy little corner establishment.  The food is classic down home country texas cooking.  I took a friend from San Angelo here and he was so giddy with all the fixings he ordered about 1/2 the menu (6'4 265 lb linebacker).  My favorite is Cx fried anything but have to go with Cx fried steak just to give the arteries a little bit of coating.  The steak was perfectly cooked and perfectly salted...2 points that distinguish good from great cx fried steaks.  The chili is classic and for some reason love it.  The atmosphere is southern hospitality, the location is perfect right off the 51....the parking is not great but park across the street for easier in and out.  If you're wondering whether or not to go here...don't. wonder...just go...you can always do the boring Chili's and Friday's another night....because this place feels much more real.
4	I heart (attack) Texaz Grill. My tummy (arteries) were filled with good ole, down home cooking. My NY strip was perfection and dripping with flavor (cholesterol). Rickie's a Texas boy so he knows his chicken fried anythings, and his chicken fried chicken was smothered in love (gravy) and he nibbled every bite (inhaled like there's no tomorrow). I chased my taters, sauteed shrooms and steak down with a cold Dos XX and a Patron shot. All this with attentive and friendly service. The room reminded me of the shack Steve Martin lived in, in the beginning of The Jerk. And for this place, the license plates, posters and bric a brac that cover every corner, including the ceiling above the urinal, yes, guys get this...when you have to pee so badly, you arch your  head back with an eye rolling groan...that's how I saw the posters on the ceiling. But all the kitchy crap everywhere works for Texaz Grill. The menu has all kinds of steaks and wonderful sides. The only thing missing is a defibrillator.
4	Sometimes a girl gets a wicked hankerin' for some chicken fried steak, mashed taters, and white gravy.  You know that what she does?  She goes to Texaz Grill.For a ridiculously satisfying and heart clogging meal, you can't beat it.  It's got a casual and fun atmosphere, and it's extremely reasonably priced.  And best of all, the bar has a total honky tonk feel that makes me want to run home and play Urban Cowboy with the mister.
3	So I read about this Texaz place having great Chicken fried steak. My partner loves some of that! I really shouldn't eat it and it's where?Close to home. How much do we have to pay for it? $7 maybe less.  Really? The place does look divey and we might not have tried it without Yelp. Got a parking place right up near the door, sauntered into the Texaz . Noted the armadillos and horned toads scaling the ceiling, the hats, the bric a brac, the country music, the beer signs. More condiments on the table than I'm used to. Lea and Perrins, Heinz 57 Steak Sauce, A-1, Ketchup, mustard, Tabasco, another hot sauce, jar of chili's, Sugar pourer, salt, pepper, and a caddy of pink sugar packets. The waitress was right on cue, with menu and kid menu, a cup of crayons and no rush. Drinks came immediately. We ordered some chili frito's (in the bag) a chicken fried chicken, a chicken fried steak and a pork chop all with mashed potatoes, corn and white gravy and totally tasty biscuit.  Frito-bag chili came out first and was yummy, we all shared. Dinner came just as our bag o' chili was gone. It was hot and ready. My partner absolutely loved the gigantic chicken fried steak, my chicken was moist and all white meat juicy. The corn had that roasted buttery flavor I adore. The drinks never languished. The server was always available but never invading our space. Pacing and food and price couldn't be beat. Those were very good mashed potatoes! No one had any leftovers to take home. My daughter even ate almost every bite and she had ordered an adult meal!It was too late when I noticed the oyster po'boy special... shoot! I'll have to come back. And then I'll have to come back again because with three steak sauce choices maybe I should have bought a steak? There is an ad on the table that they serve the cheapest steak for your money. I have to know if it's tasty and not just cheap.Couldn't leave without  a dessert. We also couldn't pick between pecan pie and bread pudding so we left it up to our server. She brought us out  a 3 1/2 inch square of very hot sweet, drenched in sauce bread pudding. Very Yummy!Our bill was light and our tummies were heavy and we left with a five star feeling. However I had to remove a star because an hour after we ate we both suffered some gastric distress and frequent visits to our private bathroom. I still will return, because it can happen anywhere and there was a lot of dairy in that gravy and in the potatoes, so it's partly our fault, but I had to mention it to be fair in the review.Still...If what you are seeking is down home food, not counting the calories or concerned about the cholesterol, just come on in and eat it up! It's some tasty Texaz.Update: Went for dinner this time, and the service wasn't near as good, prices were much higher than food value and as such it wasn't worth the bill price. We know now that you should order the specials, those are generally good deals and come at lunch. The mashed potato was still stellar but the gravy was too thick to move. My Prime Rib was +30% fat and that left me with a much smaller portion than I expected. My partners steak DID need the steak sauces, so it's not that they have fabulous NY strip. Docked one star off my original 4 star rating. Come if you want hearty lunch foods though, then it's worth it.
4	Texaz is the absolute best place in this city to get a delicious, affordable steak. Sure, it's not fancy schmansy, and the service isn't outstanding, but  it's damn good food. Mashed potatoes smothered in white gravy with a medium filet that's grilled to perfection (not to mention wading in it's own pool of grease), is what I call home-cookin'. The chicken fried steak is also marvelous. It's usually pretty busy at night, and they only have a couple of tables for larger parties. Not sure if they take reservations. The feel in here is great. Extremely laid back. The perfect place to go if you're looking to get some greasy, messy grubbin' on.
5	Texaz Grill is cozy, has a simple menu, very good food and excellent service.  The fried shrimp platter is a must have, the house salad with green olives is very tasty and the smoked prime rib is out of this world and   The prices are very reasonable. This is worth the drive!!!
5	My sister and I ate here twice on our Phoenix vacation.  It's not fancy by any means, but the food is delicious, cheap, and the service is great.  The walls are covered with everything even remotely related to Texas, like caps, license plates, animals, pictures, etc.  We loved this place.  Parking is tight, but worth it.
3	Huge portions (always a plus) and pretty good food.  Definitely worth the trip considering the lack of 3+ star restaurants in the Valley.
3	I've been to Texaz grill a few times for their deadly, but pretty darn good chicken fried steak. This past Saturday, I went to grab a bite while my babies got groomed. I sat down at the bar next to a group of bar flies that seemed to be regulars. The conversation was in full swing about politics, which they tried to drag me into but I politely declined and said "I don't discuss politics while trying to digest food."I ordered one of the specials which was a smoked hot link drenched in bbq sauce on a po-boy bun. It was served with coleslaw, but I ordered some Texaz fries with it. The hot link was dry and almost jerky-esque, possibly due to the smoking process, or maybe the links were just old. They were still tasty, and being a girl that is used to smoked meats around the house, I kind of enjoyed eating the semi-dry little discs. I tossed aside the top half of the po boy bun, and just ate the meat with the sauce soaked bottom half of the bun. The sauce was dark, with a smoky sweet flavor. The coleslaw was creamy and the cabbage was finely chopped. The Texaz potatos are chunks of seasoned, and fried potatos. I only ate about 3 or 4 before I was stuffed. As is always the case with Texaz Grill, I wasn't overly delighted, but I wasn't overly disappointed. Texaz Grill is a dive that happens to serve pretty good food! It's nothing fancy, it's nothing sophisticated, but if you're in the mood for meat, or chicken fried steak, head there.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat.  It has the best chicken fried chicken I have ever had, and the mashed potatoes are excellent.  The salad is simple yet delicious.  The thing with Texaz grill is that I believe you can only go there and order 2 things off of their menu.  They are famous for the chicken fried chicken and the chicken fried steak, this is what you must order, and this is what everyone comes back for. If you are not a fan of these 2 items, then this place is not for you. Everything else on the menu is just average.  The portions are huge, you can easily split an order with someone, or take half of your meal home for left overs, which I think is a great value.  The decor is like a in the middle of nowhere Texas bar,  it's not fancy, and it's not meant to be.
5	As good as it gets... if you want good food, great decor and fast service. Do not go looking for a romantic dinner or a fancy meal. I had the lunch BBQ Pork with "Texas Frys" and a Dr PepperThe pork was excellent, the frys were deep fried I think (they are more like cubed chunks, so it was strange) and the Dr Pepper was cold. I will go back with the family and try some new things. PS. I ripped a flap of skin from my mouth eating a fried chunk of potato thing and it hurts likes a SOB. So cut your food and don't shove hunks of crispy fried things in your face.
4	Don't get a cholesterol test the next day cause your doctor will get on you for it being so high.The only thing that I didn't like is that they have a smoking section and you know what that means... all the smoke floats over to the non smoking section.  The ceiling is low so the circulation isn't very good.No need to dress up.  Put on your elastic waist pants and go for it!!The chicken fried chicken is DELISH!!!  And all that gravy and mashed potato!!  Ahhhh!!!!  One meal is enough for 2 people, but me, the greedy porker.... I HAD to get my own.  The Jack Daniels bread pudding is plate lickin' good!!
4	I've been eating here since I was a kid...we'd drive from 99th and Indian School just to eat at this restaurant (it used to be called Lone Star, but they had to change the name because the crappy restaurant chain of that name legally forced them to change names when the chain moved into town.) I'd still drive 40 miles to go to Texaz Grill.  The fillet is wonderful (sometimes I get it without the butter).  They have the best mashed potatoes in the state, swimming in a HUGE amount of gravy (good stuff, but I typically spoon off a bit).  The salad is fantastic (chopped green olives on top...who'd a thought they'd taste so good on a salad with ranch?!)Service is good.  They don't mess around here...good food, good atmosphere, decent pricing for what you get.
4	You can't beat the Tuesday Rib Special.  I highly recommend it.
5	So my wife and I were able to have someone watch the kids and I had movie tickets. so a nice dinner was in order. We were actually driving to the east side of town possibly going to 5n-diner or Islands Restaurant. .love it. BUT we were pleasantly diverted. Being such a nice night we had the windows rolled down and were driving by 16th street and Bethany home road. It was like you see in the cartoons when the smell lures Foghorn Leghorn to a freshly baked pie at grannys window. . The aroma had me and I found my self quickly changing plans and following the smell. . I found my self to TexAZ Grill. This is a really fun place to go and is very easy going laid back. Again this is one of those places where you can spend hours looking at all the crap on the walls.  .and yes. we found our selves doing just that. I looked at the price first when I opened the menu and said do my self. Just about everything is over $12. Let me tell you, you get two or three times what you pay for. My wife ordered her all time most popular dish"chicken frid steak: and I got the chop steak. I uploaded a photo of my wifes dish with her hand over the food just to show you the portion we got. We could have both eaten off her place and been stuffed. The potatoes were to die for. I can not think of anything that was bad about the evening. Even the NA beer I had "O'dules amber" quite good actually. Once I can afford to go back I am and I'm bringing friends next time.
5	Been coming to TexAz since 1985, back in the "Lonestar Steak" days. Never had a bad meal, had bad service just once in all that time, and 23 years later the prices aren't that much higher either. If I'm ever convicted of murder and sentenced to death my final meal has to be the Mulligan prime rib medium rare with mashed potatoes and that to-die-for cream gravy. I take friends here and buy them dinner just to see that look on their face when they see their plate for the first time. I've had everything on the menu except the catfish and all of it is great! I'd write more but I'm hungry now. See you there...
3	Don't get Texa'z' food in Phoenix.  It wasn't very good.  The meat was a very small portion (not exactly following the saying of everything is bigger in Texas).  The side dishes were not very good, but the desert was pretty good.Did I mess up and not get the chicken fried steak which this restaurant is known for?  My health had the best of me when considering it was a fried dish, so I avoided it.  But then I opted for a very lean slab of beef which isn't exactly the healthiest either.I do have to commend them in making Shiner Bock their house beer.  Luckily it wasn't the Lone Star.  The Shiner Bock Black was pretty good.
5	Um......I've been coming here since i was a child. I still love coming to this amazing establishment.  If its not business cards or trucker hats hanging from the ceiling that get your attention. Then its the amazing Chicken Fried Steak you can get there!!!!! If you have friends from Texas visiting Az. Definetly take them there......They will love it!!! hahha...
4	I was in town for one night and stumbled upon The Texaz Grill online.  The planets must have been aligned just right because I had a great meal.  I ordered the Rib eye with mashed potatoes and a salad.  Everything was very tasty and filling.  I highly recommend this place.  The staff was friendly and efficient.
3	To start with, I'm a Texan, born and raised. I've done my share of traveling and I've lived in other places. Being new to the Phoenix area, naturally I'm always looking for comforts that remind me of Texas. I'll often be seen wearing my Longhorns or Astros caps.I love food! I love Tex-Mex, BBQ and southern style cookin'. So I passed the Texaz Grill several times before I had an opportunity to stop in. The first time I ever stumbled upon it, I got so excited because of the name and the neon signs adorning the windows, Shiner Baby!When I did stop in, I was in awe, not because it felt like home but because of all the things hanging on the ceiling and the walls and because of the neons inside. Everything in this place has something to do with Texas. Sweet! And they sell Shiner Bock beer!I knocked off a couple stars because of pricing, variety and the service we got. We were seated promptly but it was pretty much downhill after that. I looked over the menu, which took about a half minute, and was shocked that they didn't even have a hamburger on it. I'd say don't go here unless you're supa dupa hungry because you're going to have to order a steak of some sort or fish or maybe pork chops (I don't remember). I wasn't starving, that's my point. And I'm not even a fan of chicken fried steak but I know a good one when I eat one and it's definitely a true test of a "Texas" style restaurant. So I order the chicken fried steak. It was very good, just what you would find at your favorite down home restaurant anywhere in Texas. It came with what they call steak fries, but they were really just big cubes of potatoes. I thought they were kinda weird and bland. You get a large portion of food, very large actually. But it seemed a bit steep, maybe I'm just cheap. Either way, I did enjoy a bottle of Shiner and the place was decent and novel enough that I will go back, if for no other reason than to sit at the bar and have a beverage. Maybe I'll run into some fellow Texans and I can share with them my wonderful experiences in this great city of Phoenix.
5	Known for it's fabulous ribeye steaks, I have to say we have found our favorite place for Catfish, it is just delicious, and what a serving, Two big catfish fillets, served with mashed potatoes and gravy or steak fries, all for$12.00, you just cant beat it.The Catfish is always fresh  and  Fabulous, the crisp batter is like no other, and the fish is flakey and YUM YUM!!!!!. The chichen fried steak, is no joke, enough for two and just AWESOME,tender and tastey served with mashed potatoes/gravy and homemade biscuits, the kind of stuff that sticks to your ribs, you will not go home hungery, that is for sure.TEXAZ is a small place but it is cozy, parking can be a bear, but the food is worth it. Oh yeah, almost forgot , they do have a lovely pecan pie served a la mode if you like, DELICIOUS!
4	Good, wholesome, simple Comfort Food. I've been coming here for a few years. It's the "spot" for my brother and I. Chicken Fried steak is so big it's folded over on the plate and smothered in gravy. Fried Pork Chops, smothered in gravy are delicious. Ribeye, decent cut of steak for $16. Get Coleslaw as your salad and biscuits on the table. Washing it down with Texas' own Shiner Black lager... it's a meal fit for a King!
3	My Dad and my brothers are big steak eaters. Me? Not so much. So when we came here a few weeks back I hoped the reviews lived up to their hype. Not at all. First, it was a Saturday night at 7 p.m and the place was nearly empty.My New York strip steak was bland. The fried potatoes are huge, plain and flavorless - no seasoning whatsoever. Everyone else thought their prime rib and steaks were boring and average. The martinis? Microscopic. Hanny's style. I couldn't decide which were smaller. Hanny's or Texaz?I think the three stars I'm giving is really generous, but the atmosphere here rocks (you find something new on the wall every time) and our server had an awesome attitude and handled our 7 person party professionally. I may or may not be back.
4	TexAZ Grill does one thing & does it well: STEAK. (Actually, they'll cook yours to order, not just well.) You'll get a reasonably priced, delectably tender portion of your favorite cut of meat. Their mashed & baked potatoes are good, so is the coleslaw. Salads are lackluster, mostly iceberg lettuce, cardboard-like tomatoes, served as a vehicle for the dressing. But you don't go to TexAZ for rabbit food, you go for meat. And Texas beer. Best steak within 20 miles. Used to be the best deal around, too, but as of mid-2008, prices have been raised - plan on $20+ per person if you want a meal and a beer, $14-17 per person if you just drink water.
3	This place has been on my bookmark list for a while.  I wanted comfort food last night and Wednesdays the dinner special is liver and onions.  I can make liver and onions just fine at home but then the apartment smells like liver for a week.  Got there about 6:30 and the place was packed.  I had a choice of waiting at the bar or just eating there anyway.  I chose to eat there and I had a good view of the basketball game on the TV so all was good.  For $9.00 I got 3 good sized slices of liver, a bunch of bacon, a mound of onions, mashed potatoes and gravy and a small salad.  For what I paid the food was quite good and plentiful.  The service was excellent.  I still don't care for skins in my potatoes but the option was wedge fries with skins on.  At some point I will come back to try the chicken fried steak.After several decades of street widening on Bethany Home and 16th st the parking lot is not big vehicle friendly.  The bartender said after the bank closes to the North most folks with trucks park there, including her.
2	Atmosphere - great. Service - terrific. Food - blah.I had the chicken fried steak, it was bland as hell and horrifically greasy. My wife had the chicken kebab - it was at once overdone and yet smothered in butter, apparently to moisten it back up.If you are at all health-conscious, try another restaurant. If you are from Texas or just like bland, fried food with good beer, this is your place.
5	We  had read some very positive reviews about this place in Yahoo Travel.  What a great place to visit!  The chicken fried steak was huge and delicious! Outrageous portions!  A perfect place to hit after a day of Spring Training baseball.
5	This is the ONLY place to get Chicken Fried Steak! The portions are HUGE so bring your appetite. The pulled pork is good too! Just took some visiting friends this last week and it was delicious as always. They loved it. These guys are very consistent and the service is excellent! The have a cool little bar too. Not really for families... this is for the grown-ups!
2	We went here for my girlfriends brother in laws birthday (confusing?). We were sat in a large booth, 8 adults, one toddler, and a newborn baby. Even though we were in a large booth, it was still a tight fit, also, the carrier (with the baby in it) was on the floor most of the time, until they brought us a chair to put the carrier on.The atmosphere of this place is LOUD. Not just music, but people talking loudly as well. The walls beyond covered in "stuff", things like dollar bills, stuffed dead animals, panties, pictures, license plates, I guess the closest thing you could guess in theme would be "trailer park". The waitress was not accommodating to the noise, and spoke mostly in a whisper. She spent most of the time looking annoyed, speaking in a low voice that we could barely hear, and acting spastic (not taking our orders in an orderly way, bringing some food but not all that we had ordered, refilling some drinks but not others, etc). I ordered the Prime Rib, rare, with mashed potatoes. It came with a side salad consisting of iceberg lettuce, diced tomatoes, and minced green olives. An odd combination. The prime rib was overly marinated in "smoke flavor" and had more flavor reminiscent of ham than of prime rib. It was a good portion. The mashed potatoes were dry and partially cold, not very flavorful. I requested no gravy, yet my mashed potatoes still had that dip in them where you would normally put gravy, meaning I had a very small portion of mashed potatoes (that you probably don't notice when you get gravy). My girlfriend had the same thing I did but medium instead of rare like I did, everyone else in the party had the chicken fried steak. My girlfriend was as disappointed in her food as I was. Everyone who ordered chicken fried steak loved it. It really is a giant portion, two, three servings really. Most everyone took some of theirs home. Though the two people from texas said it wasn't the best chicken fried steak they'd ever had, and I'd take that recommendation into consideration. Texas people know their chicken fried steak. For dessert my girlfriend and I shared the peach cobbler. This menu description is inaccurate, its more akin to yellow cake with peach filling. Tasty, but not what we expected. They do use blue bunny ice cream though, which is awesome. About an hour after dinner my girlfriend and I both felt a little sick from dinner. We didn't get sick, but definitely needed some pepto.
2	I went here tonight after hearing good things about the place. I was very disappointed. The food servings were large but the food itself was not very good. The Chicken Fried Steak had no real taste at all. It was just bland. The pork chops were good but not great. Salad just a salad and the bread was cold. I do not think I will be going back after spending $46 dollars for so-so food. Very disappointing.
5	Okay, how can you not like Texaz Grill? Bad mood? Not hungry? Vegan? Bringing a baby carrier? Then you should probably stay home. Yes, it's a dive in an aging strip mall at 16th and Bethany. Yes, there is lots of junk hanging from the ceiling and walls that a few won't appreciate as low-brow Texas ambiance. And yes, the portions tend to be on the "enormous" side so if you're watching your waistline, plan on splitting a meal. But rest assured the place is a Phoenix icon and will be 'til way after you're gone. It is texas-style comfort food - nice and simple. The steaks are great - they cut and age their own like a real steakhouse. The prime rib, when you arrive early enough, is superb - and shockingly cheap considering the cut. And I doubt you'd find a better, more authentic texas-style chicken fried steak (and chicken fried chicken) anywhere in town. So big you'll want to share - or take 1/2 home. But is is goooood.If you're a newbie to Texas Grill - it's good to know that probably 90% of the clientele are regulars and are likely close personal friends to the staff of many years. This tip is helpful so that you don't get lynched by the surrounding tables for dissing the busy waitress because your water glass gets low. Come to Texaz in a good mood and ready to eat and you'll be fine. In time the staff may take a cotton to you too - but you'll have to earn it.There's not a mistake on the menu. One great value is to order the chop steak as a burger (it's not on the menu) and you'll have one of the best burgers in town. If you're a party of one or there's a few open seats - belly up to the bar. Tammy and Cindy are the usual evening bartenders and they serve one of the best margaritas in town - on the rocks (only) and with salt of course. The selection at the bar is simple and basic, but you'll be entertained all night trying to read decades of bumper stickers and fridge magnets. You may even meet a few new friends as the regulars are a friendly bunch (especially after a marg or two).When visitors come to town, you can bet Texaz is always in the mix. Sure we hit Scottsdale for glam, downtown for urban cool, and Barrio or Richardsons for nuevo mexican - but for a fun evening with friends plus good comfort food, you can't beat Texaz.  Watch for us at the bar!
5	CHICKEN FRIED - CHICKEN FRIED - CHICKEN FRIED - CHICKEN FRIED - STEAK!!!!  WHITE GRAVY!! I was pleasantly surprised the first time I ordered this dish a few years back - didn't have a lot of hope that the gravy would be "right" - boy was I wrong!  I have not stopped going back!! A girlfriend and I go for lunch and we can split the portion - it is huge!  The dinner portion is off the charts!  Everything is right about this dish - the steak is so tender and the crust so crispy - and the gravy - well, Grandma would be envious!!!
5	So, I kinda grew up on chicken fried steak.  Healthy, I know.  Anyway, after moving to AZ I was desperate to find a good chicken fried steak.  I found it here!  I'll be honest.  The 5 stars is really just for the chicken fried steak.  I don't care that much for their other steaks.  The service is prompt so I don't mind too much that they don't smile.  Just bring me my chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes and gravy and leave me alone!  Oh yeah...if you go at lunchtime the chicken fried steak special is only $7.
4	Texaz Grill has possibly the best chicken fried steak in the state. Their chop steak burgers and ribs are good too. I would not recommend getting an actual steak here though. I have had mixed experiences with the staff. Some have been rude and uninspired, others have been extremely friendly and helpful. The bottom line for me is Texaz grill is my destination of choice for chicken fried steak and ribs. If I am in the mood for a New York Strip or something along those lines, I prefer to go to a chain restaurant.
2	My boyfriend is kind of a down home, "we love Amurrica" kind of guy, It's part of his charm, it's what I love about him, but the kind of cuisine that accompanies this quality isn't my cup of tea. I rarely eat red meat. I avoid fried foods whenever possible. That being said, I like to see my man happy - a knife in one hand, a fork in the other, and a big plate of Western goodness between the two. TEXAZ seemed perfect. I read reviews, (not on Yelp, unfortunately), scoped out the location, and surprised him by taking him there a few months ago. I, for one, loved the atmosphere. It was loud, a little rowdy, and filled to the ceiling with junk! An eclectic assortment of ephemera clung to the walls, accented with knick-knacks and taxidermied animals here and there. Imagine the inside of an Applebee's, except 10 times darker and decorated with items people actually accumulated over time, not stuff that came out of some corporate "wacky interiors!" starter kit. The waitress was pleasant, but inattentive. The portions were huge, but bland. Even the biscuits were especially boring, and it's hard to make a buttermilk biscuit any more boring than it naturally is, just by existing. I tried to score some honey mustard to liven up my tasteless chicken entree, but no go - no sauces were available! What?! Even my boyfriend seemed less than thrilled by his big ol' meaty hunk of meat, served with a side of some bland starch or another. My boyfriend also found the beer selection to be lacking, but I can't vouch for the accuracy of this observation as I do not care about beer in the slightest. For what it was, it was pricey. I felt like we could've gone to almost any other sit-down restaurant in a 2 mile radius and had a better experience for less cash. We left full, but with nothing good to say other than "my, that was a lot of food." Hardly ringing praise for a $50+ dinner bill. I don't think we'll be back...the lure of the 1970s concert posters and deer skulls isn't enough to justify a second visit.
4	My Wife and I found ourselves in central phx one evening and she suggested this place.We stopped in and the entire restaurant was adorned in texas/western themed memorbillia.  It was definitely tacky but not without it's appeal.Places like this tend to tout their "Chicken Fried Steak" Uber AllesAnd If I remember correctly the menu claimed "world famous, or something of that degree" chicken fried steakSo what was I to do?Well I ordered that there "Chicken Fried Steak" that's what.I made the mistake of Ordering my salad with "Mustard Vinaiarette"the choices were that and "Ranch" I'm convinced they keep a cup of it around to "prevent profiling" I don't have anything against ranch, I don't hate america, I just prefer other dressings.Our food came promptly, and the CFS was HUGE!!!!! (emphasis on HUGE) with a big mountain of mashed potatoesThe Meat was nice and tender and the breading was crispy but airy, I might have finished 40% of my meal at best. overall the food was actually quite good.At one point the manager came by and checked on us,which is something I always like.It's definitely the kind of place you'd expect to hear a record skip if you walk in the door impromperly attired, but it has a certain local flare and appeal that would bring me back in.
5	First time back in a couple years...This place serves the best Chicken Fried Steak in Phoenix! The staff are friendly, fast, and knowledgeable. Menu is simple and to the point. The memorabilia from Texas and Arizona should be in a museum. The prices are very reasonable! In fact, next time we are going to split one order. The "bigger than the plate" (and the plate was huge) CFS is only $12 and that includes a salad, bread, and fries...Damn, I need to get here more often!
5	We used to live within walking distance of Texaz Grill back in the late 90's.  We pretty much O.D.'ed on the place.  Yeah, it's that good.  What some might call, "A heart attack on a plate", I call "Redneck Paradise" (minus the boots, Bermuda shorts, wife beater tee, and cowboy hat, of course).  Texaz grill serves the best Chicken Fried Steak and Chicken Fried Chicken I've ever had.  Be forewarned though.  If you come, bring your appetite.  If you leave Texaz hungry, it's your own fault.  The portion sizes are more than generous; I think "Obscene" is more accurate.  The mashed potatoes are mashed with the skins on and smothered in thick white gravy, as was my chicken.  The corn niblets are nice and buttery and the chicken was nice and crispy.  My co-workers had the chicken fried steak and the steak was larger than the plate.  You also get a biscuit, although I'd prefer a roll, I just forgot to ask.The Chicken Fried Steak and Chicken were both $7.00 and the Iced Tea was $2.00.  I feel it's a pretty fair deal for lunch.  The Texas and Arizona memorabilia that adorn the walls and ceiling are fitting for this place.  I remember when you could smoke in restaurants and it was very smokey too.  I'm so glad the smoking ban passed.  I've heard the place can get busy for lunch, so we went early and didn't have any problems finding parking and we were seated right away and served promptly.  Texaz Grill gets 5 stars in my book and I'm sure they'd appreciate it if you left the Bermuda shorts at home and come fully clothed.  Now for that angioplasty...
2	My old man always said if you wanted to get rich you'd buy a Texan for what he was worth and sell him for what he thought he was worth. That about summarizes my feelings about TexAZ Grill. This is the most overrated place I've been to in a while. I'd never been to TexAZ before today because I always seem to crave chicken fried steak for breakfast, and the place doesn't open until 11:00 a.m. Well, today I was craving chicken fried steak for lunch, so I thought I'd try out TexAZ out. The size of the chicken fried steak is enormous, there's no denying that; but that's where the goodness ends. Sometimes quantity has a quality all its own, but not here. Let's face it: chicken fried steak is a vehicle for gravy. Even though the TexAZ steak was big enough to feed four hungry lumberjacks, they really skimped on the gravy. Even worse, both the gravy and the steak were bland, without a hint of identifiable spice. I kept eying the numerous condiments on the table while wondering if maybe adding them to the meal would make it easier to eat. The sides that accompanied the meal let me down too. The biscuit is more like a roll, and didn't flake as a biscuit should; the corn seemed like it might have come right out of a can; and I don't remember much about my mashed potatoes. In summary: "Meh. I've experienced better." In fact, I enjoy the chicken fried steak at the JB's on 19th Ave. and Missouri more than the one here. I won't be returning.
4	This place is consistently good. I don't think I have ever had a bad meal here. The chicken fried everything is pretty tasty along with the club that has brisket on it. I try to go here at least a few times a month for lunch.
3	Went and checked out the place last Saturday. The ambiance is rustic I think. Parking was tricky and definitely not friendly unless you have a compact. The hostess was very friendly. Since the place supposedly has great chicken fried steak, that's what I ordered. To say the portion is ginormous is an understatement. You get two of them that the size as big as your head. The breading's texture is great with a nice crunch. The steak is very tender and not dry. My only complaint would be that the food is BLAND! The breading definitely could've used some flavor or spice and so did the gravy. Odd that the steak is such huge portion but the gravy is very much skimped on. I liked it, but it definitely could use some major seasoning. Maybe they can steal it from Chili's. Even though Chili's is a chain, they have one of the best chicken fried steak I've had. Texaz grilled would've definitely got 4 stars if they seasoned the CFS.
5	Take a little slice of Texas hospitality (and portion size) and drop it onto an unsuspecting corner of Phoenix.  That gives you Texaz.This place features some of the finest chicken fried steak I've had the pleasure of eating.  It was accompanied by genuine mashed potatoes, buttery corn, and a hearty biscuit.  The portions are as generous as the brim of a texan's hat.This is also one of the few places you'll find Arizona where you can find Shiner Bock, the finest Texas beer.  If you hurry there now, you can probably still get the Shiner Bohemian Black Lager - a fine tasty beverage.(They serve beers in a bottle accompanied by a curiously small frosted glass.  If you're not from the southwest, don't be alarmed.  I hear it's "normal" in the desert lands.)All in all, the food was delicious and the owners have instilled a genuine appreciation of the customer that shines through in the service.  This place is about as fine of a casual dining spot as I've found in my travels!Bring your appreciation for Conway Twitty and a hearty appetite.  Yee-haw!
3	Eh, this place is alright.  We wanted to try something new this weekend and we happened to drive by so we gave Texaz Grill a shot.  I of course yelped it first to decide what I was going to eat, and the response was overwhelmingly to get the Chicken Fried Steak.  Okay then.  Inside, this place is literally covered in crap.  There are business cards along the door frame and all over the ceiling.  Baseball caps literally line the entire perimeter of the room and then some.  There really isn't an inch of space that hasn't been covered with some form of Texas style memorabilia.  I got the chicken fried steak, obviously, and it came with mashed potatoes, corn, and a biscuit.  The potatoes were okay, nothin special, the corn was okay but a little peppery, the biscuit was very bland and the bottom was a bit hard, and the chicken fried steak was just ok.  I've had a few chicken fried steaks in my life, and this one did not stand out.  It was really crisp and crunchy on the outside, which I like, but flavor-wise, there was just something missing.  It was just okay.  Service was quick and efficient.  We had our meal in under 30 minutes, so that was nice I guess.  I probably won't be back, but at least I tried.
4	If you read my profile, in the section that states last meal on earth it says - chicken fried steak.   Which just happens to be the specialty of the house here so 1 + 1 = chicken fried steak for dinner at the Texaz Grill.   Like some of the other reviews say the portions are "Texas size"  and they ain't lying.  Over all the meal was good - 2 huge slabs of chicken fried steak, real mashed potatoes, tasty biscuits and a Shiner Bock or two to wash it down.  I rolled out of the place and still am in a food coma.
5	Simply put, if you like chicken fried steak and you haven't been here you don't really like chicken fried steak.  I've eaten chicken fried steak pretty much everywhere in the world that its available and it just doesn't get much better than this.  Go with the fried potatoes instead of the mashed.  Not that the mashed are bad, just that the fried potatoes are so GOOD.  For those that are less enthusiastic about chicken fried steak, the fried chicken breast is also great as are the steaks and burgers.  Love the house salad with light oil dressing and diced olives on top.  Oh, and the biscuits, top notch, TOP NOTCH.  Don't let them get away with bringing you a bread basket that's half filled with biscuits and half filled with some wheat roll disaster, ask for all biscuits.  You're welcome.
5	So it has been a little over a year since I was here last. The place still holds a 5 star review from me. I tried the CFS and it WAS good. I never really cares for CFS but figured if I was going to like it I should get it from the best. It is a 7inch plus slab of tender beef, lightly battered in a airy type of batter. Think of soda water infused batter. They then slather the middle with a creamy and yummy white gravy. They serve it with mashed and corn with a biscuit on the side. The corn was cold, the mashed were OK and the biscuit was just OK. The price for lunch was $7.99 of something really reasonable. The Chef salad with chicken looked killer.
3	Meh. Alright. Nothing to brag about. Ok, Ok they have Titos vodka, big score. The portions are humongous, I ordered the chicken fried steak and it literally could have fed 4 girls. The batter and gravy were both pretty bland, what's all the rave about this place? My bf got the Ribs, and they were just ok, very fullof fat pieces, they had a smoky sauce where I normally prefer a sweeter, tangier bbq. It almost seemed like they try to make up for the lack of flavor with huge servings. The inside of the place looks like a dumpster monster from Texas puked all over it. Crap everywhere and not very clean. Yea it is cheap, but you get what you pay for.
5	The BEST steakhouse in all of Phoenix. Their filet is fantabulous!! Our family's been going here for years. We've never had any regrets or any complaints. Most of us get the filet or the chicken fried steak with extra gravy. mmmmmmm!
3	This is one of those places I've had on my list for a long time. Finally, today a co-worker and I headed up there for lunch. The parking at lunch is a little nightmarish. I finally squeezed into a space though and we went inside.The decor has already been described by other reviewers--it's someone's idea of what a Texas themed restaurant should look like, with all sorts of license plates and other crap hung up on the walls. The inside is much smaller than I imagined it would be, but we were seated quickly by a friendly hostess so I can't complain about that. We both had the chicken fried steak, which we had heard so much about. I thought it was okay. Not great, certainly not bad, but not really living up to the hype either. I loved the potatoes and gravy, though I have rarely met a mashed potato I didn't like. The corn was okay, and the biscuit was nothing great. That said, the price was good--$7.00 I think, and the portions were big. The service was friendly and fast. If I worked closer to this place I would go for lunch from time to time. As it is now, I'll probably try it again to see how the barbecue rates, but that's about it. I wanted to like it better, and it was okay, but nothing special.
1	I just don't get it.  this place is like a homeless shelter but with even worse food.   I know it's southern style....but EVERYTHING is double fried...and you walk out of their feeling like death.It's expensive ($25 pp with soda) and just not quality food.this is worth a big SKIP....
4	The Hubs and his mom and dad andI all went here on Saturday night. Its walking distance from their house and we go here a few times a year.I like going on Fridays much better because they have a great fried fish that is only unfortunatly sold on Fridays :( This time around I ordered the chopped steak, it was pretty decent, its loaded with lots of grilled onions. I love the mashed potatos and the side salads come with tons of chopped up green olives, which anything involving green olives gets a plus in my book! My mother in law got the catfish, I snuk a bite and it was pretty good. Not fisy at all. The hubs got the tbone. He asked for it medium, but it came out on the very rare side. He ate it anyway and said it was good. I love that they have Shiner Bock here. That is up on my list of favorite beers!
4	I think A lot of people get the wrong impression of this place before they even come in, like it's supposed to be some elegant steakhouse or perfect dinner spot. The service was fantastic, We had a party of seven and the wait was not bad. We had plenty of food / bread / salad before our meal. The chicken friend steak was some of the best I've ever had, and the mashed potatoes and gravy all over was excellent. This is not a hit or miss place, the steak was tasty and large. Yes it did need some steak sauce but nothing was incredibly overpriced. I don't see how people payed 25 a person ordering soda, when th fried steak was maybe 13? and the ribeye was maybe 16? Thats a expensive soda for those peeps. I would say it was worth every penny, and also it made great leftovers the next day. This place is genuine, and a good spot to hit up every other month or so. This place (contrary to others beliefs) Is a Diner, and you will notice this on the way in. I suggest you try it yourself, if your not a high roller with perfect expectations on everything, I think you will like this place.
5	When it comes to great food the Texaz Grill is not bested by any place I've ever visited. I'm not sure if you're like me but I have certain dishes at different restaurants and that's what I get every time I go there. But for some reason I've had at least a dozen different meals at the Texaz Grill and each and everyone was great tasting.Don't expect some stuffy, twitchy server at your table side but you will have what seems like a lifelong friend being attentive. Come casual, loosen your belt (did I mention that most meals portions are quite large) and enjoy your visit to your friend's because that's what it will feel like.
3	I have passed it 50 times or so and finally I stopped in to check it out. Well it was nothing like I expected once I opened the door. The place is crammed with dusty Texas stuff from the ceiling down the walls and on the counters. It's a bit over done for my taste. The bar sits back from the door along one wall and is small and cramped all other seating appeared to be cramped booths. They offer daily supper specials, but on this evening it was the least appealing of them all. Wednesday Supper Special is Liver & Onions, I don't do Liver & Onions. Instead I had dessert! All desserts are $3.50 unheard of in restaurants anymore! I had the Homemade Hill Country Peach Cobbler, it comes warm so for an extra buck I went A La Mode and had a hefty scoop of Blue Bell Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream. It's a real tasty cobbler and a good size one as well. Tammy the bartender was friendly and quick to serve as well as chat with ya. All the staff seemed pretty easy going and TEXAZ friendly. The menu has a tasty looking line up for both lunch and dinner. Lunch (mostly $7) is substantially less than dinner ($12 - $20) in prices. But one time or another I'll be back to try that awesome looking chicken fried steak or some fried fish or some BBQ spareribs. The place seems mighty fine for down home Texan cookin and it hasn't got a Good Ole Boys feel to it at all, as one person had told me it would.
3	I like this place.  The prime rib is really good.  I do wish they had more side options to choose from.  The only salad dressing they have is their house or ranch....neither of which I care for.
5	Been dining here for 10 years, and never been disappointed.  Service is always good and freindly.  Best Chicken Fried Steak in the state.
4	Thank you TexAZ for introducing me to the Steak Lin Su Saturday special!  It's a fantastic steak topped with bernaise sauce, artichokes, and mmmmm shrimp.  YUM!  Also, thanks for suggesting Tito's Vodka.  Surprisingly smooth and tasty.  I liked it so much, I went & found it at Total Wine & More.  Fast, friendly service with good food.  Always busy, but you never feel like you wait for too long.  I'll return regularly.
2	I'll be short, and just get to the point on this one:The only reason I managed to give this place 2 stars was because they definitely gave you good sized portions for the price.  However, a large portion of nasty, is still just nasty, regardless of how much they give you.  The Chicken Fried Steak (their pride and joy) was bland and the only flavor was grease.  I don't mean the typical "its a fried dish" grease flavor, no i mean it tasted like after they pulled it out of the fryer they dipped it in the oil vat.  The gravy was nondescript and flavorless.    Side options were nothing special, they seem to rave about the cole slaw, but it is not my cup of tea, so I passed.  This place seems like the type of establishment that if you are a regular then you get stellar service, if you are not, then oh well to you.  Funny, because how do people get to be a new regular if you aren't giving decent service to the new guest.To sum it up, people swear by this place. I however, have sworn off this place.  I don't get it, I left feeling ripped off and revolted that I even ate that junk (now don't get me wrong, I enjoy a good chicken fried steak, this just was not it for sure!)
5	THey have the best chicken fried steak that I have ever had!!! There daily specials are amazing as well!!
4	You can't beat the price for the quality. If you're looking for upscale and expensive, go to Scottsdale. Otherwise if you want downhome and good swing by Texaz. The Freidy's Filet is awesome!
5	Love love love this place. We have been frequenting this place for about 10 years. It is a neighborhood staple. The food is always consistent, as is the service. The menu is small: steaks, chicken, shrimp, etc. They are famous for their chicken fried steak. I'm not a fan personally but that's just due to my taste buds. I've recommended the dish to many people who loved it. Recommendation when ordering the chicken fried steak at dinner, ask for the lunch portion. It's a little smaller and you are more likely to be able to finish it. The dinner portion could feed a family of 4! The filet is my fav but the strip is just as fab. If you make it to dessert the bread pudding is phenomenal. Ask for it a-la-mode. It has a whiskey sauce drizzled over it and it comes out very hot so the ice cream evens the temp out a bit. If you haven't been here yet, you need to check it out. There is so much stuff on the walls that you always have something to look at. Great place for families and they can accommodate large parties (maybe not 25, but 8-15 definitely!)
2	am a retired chef the stuff i used to trim or throw away is what they served!we are a group of  men on way to airporti think maybe they served us crappy food because we looked like tourists
5	Holy smokes!  I ate here tonight and wow.  It has been several years since I have been to TEXAZ and now I wonder why I don't go at least once a year.  My poor heart is working hard tonight.  I had the chicken fried steak and split a shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp was fresh and huge.  The steak was delicious and I love their mashed potatoes and country gravy.  The portions are gigantic and very affordable.  I will have to visit at least once a year. I think that is all my poor heart and arteries can handle.
1	Terrible salad as lettuce was wilted a bit.  Steak was so filled with marbleing that it was ineatable.  The cup of water was good.
5	I'll be honest...I'm not a food connoisseur, but I know a good Chicken Fried Steak. Theirs is similar to how my mom makes it, and wow the portions are huge. And for the price? You just can't beat it. No wonder they are so popular and have been around forever. Love me some TexAZ, but be prepared: you get what you pay for, and for under $13 for a dinner don't expect some 5 star meal. Be realistic folks!
2	My husband and I came to Texaz for our one year anniversary.  I was craving ribs and he's heard such great things about the CFS.  We didn't eat ALL day because we knew we were going to have a large dinner.We entered Texaz and (we're not prissy by any means) just looked at each other.  There was a dead bird near the restrooms - my husband has a fear of birds.I opened the menu and we literally had an option of three different choices of meats and CFS.Since they didn't have ribs, I ordered the rib eye and my husband ordered the CFS.  I noticed right away that "they don't season their meats."  WTH?  Whatev - there was salt and pepper on the table...and A-1.  Our food came with a salad (iceburg sopping with water) and you had a choice of ranch or some other vinegarette.  We both got ranch and it tasted like mayo with water.  The bread was one of those rolls that you get for Thanksgiving and a piece of French bread.  Nothing impressive that makes you want to binge.Our food came really fast.  My steak was huge for $16 and so was his CFS.  I think there were two of them.  My steak was alright - even though I had to season it myself and dunk each piece in A-1 sauce.  I tried a bite of the CFS and wasn't impressed.  Mine is a lot better.Let me mention that their margaritas are really good.  Not too strong but not too sweet.  The waitress was excellent.
4	There's a reason this place has sold over 700,000 chicken fried steaks!  We went here last night and that's exactly what I ordered.  I couldn't believe the amount of food I got once it was there.  The hot gravy on top of it, along with a side of mashed potatoes.  Amazing.  Before dinner though, they bring out fresh biscuits, which I quickly buttered up and coated with honey.  This review was based on my own dinner.  The four stars was for the chicken friend steak.  Im being generous because on the downside, the salads we got seem wilted and old.  Our waitress at times was too busy talking to people than checking to see if we were ready to order or go.My girlfriend got shish kabobs and wasn't too much of a fan.. especially after she tried my CFS.  haha.. My friend got the pork chops and it seemed too much fried food. Weird? Overall it was good, but there was room for improvement.
2	Maybe I should have got the chicken fried steak.  Because that steak I had was something else.  There was so much grease piled on top of my t-bone that I'm pretty sure I'm a likely candidate for the world's youngest triple bypass patient.  I'll admit, sometimes grease makes for good grubbin'.  But not this time.I went on a Saturday night and there was a little bit of a wait. But our server was plenty kind.  She completely forgot our order of fried okra, but I wasn't feeling too upset about it.
1	Hmmmm.... Think I Would Rather Suck Down Your Colonoscopy Bag?If you are truly looking for a unique dining experience accompanied with old world business cards and lifeless animals, then you will need to try out Texaz Grill all for yourself. If you are looking for good food, solid service, and a nice atmosphere, then you probably want to avoid this strip mall hangout at all costs. If you love low-quality food, poor service, and a revolting atmosphere, then you need to steer your lifted F350 right on over to Texaz Grill.Wow, from the moment we walked in I knew we were in for trouble ... I just didn't think it could be as bad as it actually was. This is one establishment that will leave you wondering whether the city of Phoenix mandates any sort of cleanliness or health standards. This place is dirty, vile, unkempt, and this is way before we even met our server or received our food.Just 7:30 PM on a Thursday night, but you would have thought this place was closing up shop for the night or permanently (which wouldn't be a bad thing). Guests are sparse and the few who do remain look like they have chain smoked all of taste buds right out of their mouths. The servers give you the impression they are NOT working for tips and really make no attempt at ensuring a pleasant guest experience. The inside will remind you of a cross between a real, small town BBQ joint and a TGIFridays minus the corporate cleanliness standards. The booths are ancient, uncomfortable, and anything but clean. The walls are littered with business cards, dead animals, used hats, and license plate frames. You will want to write off all the dirt and disaster on the wall as good old Texas charm, but you will quickly realize your appetite fades as each minute passes you by.So we arrive at our booth and are quickly greeted by our degenerate server who you would have thought was being paid by number of tables she turned over per night. She doesn't look like she wants to be there, and, frankly, neither do we. Our drinks are brought out in a timely fashion, and then she did the best she could to get us to order a quickly as possible. And, we're off....Orders are put in for a Chicken Fried Steak and the Thursday night BBQ sampler. Our server had to check that there were any of the BBQ samplers left which should tell you that this combination was probably made yesterday and has been hanging around all day. The salad came quick - too quick. Within two minutes of ordering, I had the misfortune of choking down a brown, bland, and boring salad. Of course, nobody goes to a BBQ joint for a salad, but I think most prefer green lettuce and more than two dressing choices.  Not even ten minutes later and our entrees had arrived, and we suddenly had enough food to feed an entire homeless shelter but I have my doubts of them even touching this piss poor attempt at Texas BBQ.Chicken Fried Steak - imagine about 1oz of beef shankle meat breaded in a pound of breading and smothered in some alien gravy. The meat was bland, veiny, chewy, and not even good enough for my neighbor's dog. You get two of them and each one will be bigger than your head, but I'm not really sure what you are supposed to do with them because they are anything but edible.BBQ Sampler - I would have rather have sampled what was soaked up in the dirty bar rag or growing out of the rug. The ribs were too fatty and smothered in the generic BBQ sauce that made this place famous. The brisket was boring and overcooked. The Texas fries were not fries, nor were they good. The sausage was edible, but more so in a comparative way. Even the bread was terrible. The food can be summed up as atrocious, inedible, poor quality, and even hard to look at. Truly some of the worst food I have ever eaten or looked at in my entire life. The highlight of the night was easily when our server seemed astonished we refused the to-go box. Sorry, but you should have been shaking our hands for even trying to make a meal out of those make-me-want-to-go-vegetarian plates of meat. It is worth mentioning that Texas Grill does two things and two things only correctly. You will be seated quickly to ensure that the dead animals or the plethora of 1970s business cards stapled to the walls don't scare you away and the plastic soft drink mugs are gigantic, but I'm sure this was implemented to minimize server interaction with the tables.Go grab a McRib or two before you throw away any money at this place...or be ready to pop some serious laxatives. Outside of some rough drinking nights, I have never felt the urge to vomit all over the place 15 hours after a meal. Good luck to you if you choose this place. If you do decide to go, don't forget to bring your business card - it might be old enough to go up on the wall in 2032 - that is, assuming this place is around much longer.
1	I agree with Pauly C. I disagree with his review being GTL. I am also from Texas, the meat beneath the breading in the chicken fried steak was absolutely atrocious, the gravy was decent but not the best I have had. The bread was deplorable, I've had better day old bread from fry's. The bbq sauce tasted worse than krafts original, and this is supposed to be a homeage to Texas BBQ and food. I would never go there again even if I was starving and paid to eat there. For real bbq visit Bobby Qs on 27th ave and northern, I have yet to find a decent chicken fried steak in Phoenix.
5	Texaz Grill is where I go when I want an authentic Texas experience.   It is not fine dining, but it is straight out of a small town Texas Cafe complete with Shiner Bock and Blue Bell Ice cream.  The first time I walked in the door, I knew I was in an authentic Texas restaurant because they had a picture of Hondo Crouch on the wall.   Definitely a spot for Carnivores, any vegetarian will be very underfed (and perhaps alarmed at the conspicuous consumption of meat) It is Chicken Fried steak, mashed potatoes and gravy heaven.
2	I went with a party of four, and was the only one not to order the chicken fried steak - - rather, my heart was set on chicken fried chicken.  Now, I'm not a gravy person, so I ordered my chicken w/o gravy.  This was the most flavorless piece of fried chicken I've ever eaten.  The breading had ZERO seasoning in it, and the chicken was not seasoned.  While it was moist, it required generous amounts of tabasco to make it edible.  What a let down.  The buttermilk biscuit was good...and that was all I'd describe as above average.
4	The Chicken Fried Steak is to die for - best ever.  And, chopped green olives in the house salad - so simple, so good.  Come back for the smoked prime rib.
4	This place at one time seemed too "high concept", but multiple visits have convinced me that it is rather genuine: A plain-old Texas cultural embassy.I think I've never had a bad meal there. The steaks could be thicker, I suppose. And they do grease 'em up before they grill 'em, but the over all effect with the mashed potatoes is pretty satisfying.I always get a Shiner Bock when I'm there. At one time it was one of the few restaurants in the valley that had them available.Parking is pretty bad, and the seats could be more comfortable. But basically, come hungry and leave happy.
5	This is by far the best Chicken Fried Steak around!  Not to mention their mashed potatoe's, salad and biscuit!  I've never been able to clean my plate here, which is great since I always have an extra meal!   Of course you can always get the lunch portion which is smaller, but then you don't have the extra goodies for later!  It's a small down home place, dress comfy and go there to eat up!  The wait staff is always the best and they know their stuff!  I've had their T-Bone here, and it's good, but really hard to go there and not get what made them famous!  Wonderful food!Prices for lunch are around $7.00 and dinner around $12.00 - really hard to beat for real down home cooking!
2	Five stars?  Eek.  I dont wanna get all highbrow here, but prospective diners probably shouldnt harbor illusions about a place charging $7 for a couple of chicken fried "steaks" big enough to flop over the edge of the plate.  Neither of us finished our cow patties and we both felt a little sick afterwards. Not violently ill or anything, just that bloated, greasy feeling culminating in a concise bout of diarrhea.  The service is ok and it's cheap, but in terms of food quality, there are half a dozen better restaurants within a hundred yards of this place - seven if you count Taco Bell.
5	I have been going to this restaurant for years, even before it was Texaz when it used to be known as Lonestar.  They have been in the valley for YEARS and I can understand why.  Their food is simple and DELICIOUS.  Their chicken fried steak is huge and I cannot even begin to describe the flavor.  Their steaks are always perfectly cooked perfection and I always leave feeling full and satisfied.  If you're looking for a casual night out with delicious steak and potatoes I would recommend this place.  It's also fun to see what they've got on their walls as the place is packed with fun trinkets.
3	Got a chance to check out Texaz grill finally. Wifey has been beggin me to go here forever and I finally caved. Not sure why, I friggin love chicken fried steak. I perused the menu, but already knew I was going for the go-to dish. we also started with an order of the fried okra. Wifey got the special, which was chicken and dumplings. Little man ordered a cheeseburger. The okra was awesome! tender, perfectly seasoned and just the way fried okra should be. My chicken fried steak was HUGE, like the size of my face. Now bigger isn't always better. The steak was just okay. Somehow with all the gravy, it ws pretty bland. The steak part tasted more like liver and the breading was a bit doughy. I wasn't blown away by my meal but it doesn't matter, it was still a good experience. the service was great, prices cheap and we didn't have to drive very far. Will I go back? probably not, but definitely glad we finally checked it out.
4	I don't why I wanted to come so bad, because I'm not generally into chicken fried steak, but sometimes you get a craving, ya know? Finally, we had a chance and took the family. This place is at the corner of 16th St and Bethany Home and the parking lot can be slightly awkward. I think we went on a Thurs night and they had dinner chicken and dumplings ($10) for one of the daily specials. I REALLY wanted chicken fried steak ($12.50) but what in the hell was I going to do with all the steak I heard they give you? Um, no. I did manage to convince my husband to share some of his even though he insisted he was going to eat the entire thing. Mind you, this was before we saw the portions! So, the hubby ordered the chick fried steak, me the chick-n-dumplings, son ordered tke kids cheeseburger ($6.50) and 3 year old shared our food. We also had the fried okra app that was so good. Breaded just right, tender and with a horseradish-type sauce. YUM. When the food came out, I was laughing so hard at how large the chicken fried steak was. Needless to say, my husband was NOT eating that whole thing. He wasn't a huge fan of it, but I was. I thought it was flavored well and I really liked the batter (think a light beer batter). My chicken and dumplings were awesome. The chicken was plentiful and tender, within the white gravy, and biscuits soft. It came with a side of buttered corn, too, which were good. Oh yeah, my meal came with a choice of salad or slaw. I chose the slaw which was creamy, just the way I like it. The kids burger was good, and it was neat because it also comes with an individually packaged, small Blue Bell ice cream scoop. Th kids loved that. The service was great, too. The server was friendly in addition to the other staff. Would I come back for the chicken fried steak? Maybe not, but I definitely would for the chicken and dumplings. Maybe after I sweat enough calories at Bikram yoga!
4	We came out to Phoenix for a little spring training action and a good friend of mine was twisting my arm to give this place a shot.  We finally made it on our way to the airport on our last day and I'm pumped we did.We started with margaritas, which are out of control.  They are the perfect combination of sweet and citrus.  Truly some of the best margaritas I've had at any restaurant or bar.For dinner we got the Chicken Fried Steak with fries and the Prime Rib with mashed potatoes.  The steak was good, it didn't have a ton of flavor but the gravy that I slathered on top did.  The Prime Rib was awesome, thick, red, and juicy.  They even brought us out some sour cream because they didn't have horseradish sauce.Good stuff, I really liked their gravy.
5	Oh how I love this place. The food is fantastic and you diffently get plenty of it! This is the only place to go in Arizona for chicken fried steak. My girlfriend had the rib-eye lastnight and it was pretty good, but like I said this place is best known for the chicken fried steak and mashed potatos.
2	Stopped by with my son after a Spring Training game. The parking was crazy, had to park a block away. After a short wait, got to the table. Service was fine. We both ordered rib eye steaks, which were very fatty. Had a salad with honey mustard dressing, but it was like the salad was marinated in the dressing.It was OK, and probably won't go back, which is no loss for us as we were only visiting from out of town.
4	Total dive ..... which is AWESOME!  The chicken fried steak is HUGE, there is no way I could finish it myself.  This place is great in the summer because it's completely blacked out, there are no windows at all.  The walls are plastered with Texas memorabilia from license plates, to shirts, hats, signs, you name it.  The service is quick and friendly.
4	This is good-ole, down home cookin'. And yes, the chicken-fried steak is quite possibly the best around.
4	Parking here can be a pain but once you get inside you can have the best Chicken Fried Steak you will ever have. I have driven by this place for years and everyone I have talk to said its great. Not sure why it took me so long to eat here but I will go here every time I'm in the mood for chicken fried steak. The place has a small menu other then that its your average bar. Dart boards, bar, tables, restrooms, but they have freakin UNREAL CHICKEN FRIED STEAK. My girlfriend got the chicken friend chicken and it was good, and it was a huge portion as well but its not as good as the steak. Either one of these dishes can feed two people easily. There was nothing else on the menu I would go back for which is kind of good cause when I go here I already know what I'm getting. They have thousand of business cards that customers have placed all over the walls and celling. Looks cool, but this place could use a dusting! 3 stars but they get a 4th for that Chicken Fried Steak!
4	Sign says something like 80,000 chicken fried steaks served here, and that's what you need to order. It's that good and it's only $7.50 at lunch.Get an ice cold Shiner or Lone Star to go with it and sit at the bar if you can, for the view of the kitsch all over the walls, ceiling, and behind the counter.Service with a smile and you'll be full when you leave.Parking is kind of a bitch though.
4	Ladies and gentlemen let's get our feed bags on the portions are huge here. When you enter the restaurant there is a lot to take in lots of things all over to look at but pretty cool. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak two fork tender pieces of beef lightly battered fried and topped with  homemade gravy. All entrees served with salad or Cole Slaw homemade mashed potatoes and gravy or texaz fries bread and butter. I would say this meal could feed someone for a week it's a lot of food but really good so if you want a great Chicken Fried Steak it's a must try.
4	This is one of my favorite lunch spots in Phoenix. It's a locals only kind of joint, where the walls are covered with Texas signs, license plates, etc and the ceiling is covered with business cards and baseball hats. The booths are deep and cushy, and let you settle in and get comfortable. Or, if you are dining alone, you might choose to sit at the bar, especially when they are crowded at lunch.My favorite lunch is the grilled chicken sandwich, only available at lunch, which comes with onion, lettuce, tomato, and pickle on the side. Try the dirty mashed potatoes with gravy for a real home cooked meal feeling. If you order a side salad, they come with sliced olives!For dessert, I recommend the home made pecan pie with a scoop of Blue Bird vanilla ice cream on the top.The price is good, the food is good, and the service is always great and with a smile.
5	I love this place.  My husband, daughter and I can all share one order of the chicken fried steak and still have leftovers.  Makes for a cheap dinner out.  The staff is wonderful and very good to our 3 year old.  They also have Shiner Bock Amber.  It doesn't get better than that.
4	I love the chicken fried steak! Me and the wife could have definitely split it. It would have been plenty for 2 people. The ambience is ok but the food makes up for it. As all the other reviews say "get the chicken fried steak!"
1	I'm a transplanted Texas girl from Austin. I was craving a taste of home and saw reviews for this place. The atmosphere is great, the waitress was amusingly surly. Sadly the food was terrible. I don't understand actually having a disclaimer on your menu that you don't season your meat?! However that would explain the ridiculous amount of condiments at the table. I ordered the chicken fried steak and was saaaaaadddly disappointed. It is NOT authentic to not season this dish. It literally tasted like a cube steak dipped in a flour/water paste then deep fried. No self-respecting Texan would do this, and you certainly wouldn't add pepporcini pepper sauce or Cholula sauce to a real CFS!  The meat was not the only thing unseasoned, the chicken tenders, potatoes, biscuits and pretty much everything else was tasteless and so bad I couldn't eat it and I LOOOOVE anything fried, so this is pretty bad. We actually felt kind of bad for them when they saw how much food was on the table and we didn't want a take home box.   I advise they add salt & pepper at the least.
4	A local friend brought me here from out of town. Glad he did. Food was fantastic.
2	My first time here. We went for Father's Day. The food was good and plentiful, none of us could  finish our meal! But this place gets 2 stars for the service and experience. I was there for 5 minutes and our server spilled a huge cup of water all over my dress. I was soaked, embarrassed, and cold. An accident, yes, but she's (and I) lucky it was just water. Even more so, lucky I had just put my phone and away and moved my dad's present. My dress would've been ruined. When we told the manager at the end of our meal, she just said "oh, I'm sorry." Really? Just sorry? No compensation? I sat here soaking with wet underwear until I dried and you're sorry? LOL. A GOOD manager would've immediately offered something - anything! On top of that, I think our server was deaf. Seemed to ignore us half the time. Again, food was decent but the manager's reaction sealed the deal on my choice to return. You suck, lady.
1	So you're with a bunch of people who like chicken fried steak, and they say, hey theres this steak house you should try with us. This should be your first warning. If a steak house is known for its chicken fried steak, something is not right.Maybe you're different, maybe you think, sure, they like chicken fried steak, and I like fried asshole. Then this is your place!Now, you go in, and ahh the ambiance, shit on the walls as far as the eye can see, oh and not just the walls, the ceiling as well! Its jam packed, you can't hear the person in front of you, you're thinking, when's the last time they dusted all this crap? How much falls in my food from the lazy ceiling fans. Its hot and a bit humid to, maybe to recreate that true texas experience?So you order your tbone, medium rare, side of mashed potatoes and hell, some okra while you're at it. Good okra is hard to find in these parts.The okra, crispy, soft inside (once its done being molten lava), perfect. Don't bother with the sauce unless your garnish for okra is tartar sauce.Hey, a side salad come with it! Oh, the tiny diced tomatoes, ice burg lettuce, and what an interesting mix, diced green olives all over the top, in giant piles.Now your entree comes, but the waitress, if you're lucky, has worked there 4 years! Shes got a blond dye job, too much eye makeup, and a perm. She makes sure to leave every single dish on the table, just in case you missed one delicious crumb. At some point she might drop by one basket of rolls, for a table of 8. The buttermilk ones taste homemade, not bad!Oh yes, the entree, a tbone, super thin, in what is that? Its pooling everywhere, oh god the grease. You did order your steak with a large slathering of grease right? Well those mashed potatoes, which are thick and standard, are drenched in heavy white gravy, and all the blandness of the gravy helps soak up all that grease!So you're almost done with your food, omg, your giant glass is empty? Where was that waitress? Oh don't worry, just grab her by the arm and she'll try to remember to refill your drink. And those extra plates, well if they're really bothering you you can ask a bus person to take them, though you might as well be asking them to lick your shoe (or eat what you just did). Now you're full, you've paid, and because of its "prime" location, you get to cross a busy intersection to get to the car you had to park across the street. Might as well just wait to get home to pee too, its sweltering in there, more crap on the walls and ceiling, and you pretty much have to stand on the toilet to get the stall door closed.
1	Wow. One of the worst meals I've had in awhile.My husband and I came here for some Chicken Fried Steak because he went about 3 years ago and said it was awesome. We showed up and knew that we wanted to order the Chicken Fried Steak right away. They took our order, we waited shortly and our salad came out. Wasn't the best salad. Wasn't really fresh..had a lot of ranch on it, but I can see how somebody might like it. Ate some of it and pushed it to the side.Soon our steak arrived. I was so excited to try it! I took my first bite and was shocked to find that it was completely bland. I added some salt and ate some more. The meat wasn't the best, which I understand because it's chicken fried steak, however it tasted frozen to me. After the 4th bite, I had to ask my husband if it tasted the same as before. He shook his head no and commented on how disguising it was. Even the mashed potatoes were bland. I agreed and started to feel gross thinking about eating any more of it.  We both pushed out dishes to the side, with lots of food still left on our plate. When our waitress came by about 10 minutes after she dropped the food off, we told her we were done. She asked if we wanted a box, which we declined, but otherwise no questions or concerns - she didn't even seem to notice that we ate almost nothing off of our plates. Didn't feel like bringing it up at the time, so we just paid our $35 for and left. I hate KFC and I would much sooner eat that than eat here again..
2	Not many menu choices but we both ordered the chicken fried steak & could have shared one plate. We both had half our plates left over. That would have been nice to know ahead of time. The bread they serve before dinner is ok; it kept the kids occupied until the food came. The food we ordered was ok but I don't think we will be back. Slow waiter service as well.
4	Tex Az is a one of our favorite places to take/meet up with people in Central Phoenix...especially folks from out of town that are thinking that Arizona restaurants should be in a saloon-type atmoshere to be considered "local".  We take the newbies from out of town here pretty frequently.  It seems alot more "genuine" to most than going to a place like, say, Rawhide.  I grew up on a cattle farm...and KNOW good steak.  The steak we get at Tex Az is well aged and has great flavor.  The cut, in my expereince, is usually great, as well.  No disappointments there.  (try the NY Strip) Presentation is basic, but isn't that what you would expect? You are not paying Ruth's Chris' prices, right?Best appetizer--Their chili!  it is VERY tasty and very hearty.  Best dessert--the bread pudding.While the chicken fried steak used to be our favorite non-plain-steak entree--we have recently converted to the fried chicken.  It is very good. With both "chicken fried" dishes,  the left-over reheating capability is pretty important since you get SO MUCH food...so the chicken wins out on this one..the Chicken reheats much better than the chicken fried steak.  The atmosphere is...well...it is UNIQUE...and isn't that what you want in your local saloon/steak house.  :0)  The service is equally as local/quirky.  We consider it ambiance and character. I don't think we have ever wanted for beverages in all of the times we have been there, as a note.  Parking can be a bit challenging on a busy night..but it all adds to the "charm".  We have likely been to Tex Az about 25 times over the years.  Not once were we disappointed...but we know what we are signing up for.  This isn't gourmet--a spear of asparagus would not dare show its face at Tex Az--but it is traditional type hearty Old West fare and the flavor is simple, yet great!!!
4	Great BBQ.  I have had the lunch pulled brisket twice.  It's served with an addicting sauce that is smokey and delicious.  You will be looking for more condiment vehicles once your tasty homefries have been snarfed.  The waitstaff is mostly female and fun.  Think saucy middle aged ladies that could probably make you blush with a dirty joke if provoked.  Let's get this straight, I did not hear a dirty joke (wanted to), so your kids are safe here.  The young humans will probably love the multitude of nick-nacks, chotchkies and regalia on the walls.Lunch was less than $10 with H2O.
3	BEST PRIME RIB..  but the side dishes lack.  You wont leave hungry however.  The biscuits with honey are the bomb!!!    Other great items are the Ribeye steak and of course the chicken fried steak.......
5	My husband and I ate lunch here a couple of weeks ago...I literally think about the chicken fried steak everyday.  First of all, it's HUGE...we're talking hanging off the plate huge.  Second of all, the mashed and gravy--'nuff said!  Third of all, the pecan pie.  My husband ordered it (as much as I wanted to try the peach cobbler, I felt like Violet Beauregarde from Willy Wonka when she ate the gum)...I took one bite (delicious, I might add), and he literally knocked the spoon out of my hand.  I thought he was going to lick the plate clean.  Anyone that gave this place bad reviews obviously is missing some taste buds, and probably thinks the food at TGIFridays is good...I wouldn't take their reviews seriously.I love this place...not only is the food delicious, but it has a great atmosphere!  Old hats, brochures, business cards, license plates, etc. decorate the place.Great food, great atmosphere!
2	Most places I goto that have a smaller menu, I figure that it's due to them keeping it simple and as a result, having really good food. Now I totally missed the disclaimer on them menu saying that they do not season meat, but had I seen that it would of explained alot. I got a chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and a salad with ranch dressing. The salad came out and the iceberg lettuce looked about 4 days  past due to the point where it had started to change colour. The ranch dressing covering the top tasted good but was a bit much.The chicken fried steak that came next was huge x2, covered in white (un seasoned) gravy with a side of mashed potatoes covered in the same gravy. I feel that when I go out, I should not have to add extra seasoning to my food and having missed the warning, my first bite was not what I was expecting. The other reviews nailed it by saying it was bland, the flour batter on the steak, the steak itself, the white gravy, all very bland. Had I ordered without gravy, I could put some of the 30 condiments that were on the table, on the steak but, alas I thought the gravy would not work with hot sauce.I'd probably come back and try it again now knowing that the meat isn't seasoned but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	Went here today for my first time ever with my boyfriend....As a native Texan I can't believe I have never been here before. It was like stepping into an East Texas hometown, neighborhood restaurant. The decor had city limit signs, neons, pictures of Willie Nelson and Ronald Reagan. The delightfully tacky interior made me feel like I was home again. Well, obviously like every other person that has written a Yelp review on TEXAZ Grill, we ordered the Chicken Fried Steak for our entrees. They first brought out rolls and biscuits. I like that the table has honey, hot sauce, and every other necessary condiment so you don't have to wait to have the server bring it over. We received a small plate of salad. Just enough to satiate the appetite's requirement for lettuce greens and ranch dressing. My eyeballs literally popped out of socket when the server brought over our C.F.S. Oh Lawns, the portion was ENORMOUS!!! Like I told the server, everything really is bigger in Texas. The tender cubed steak was battered perfectly and smothered in a nice country gravy. Nonetheless, I decided to douse it in Cholula Sauce to give it a nice little kick. The mashed potatoes were definitely made Southern Style by mixing in the skins. By the time my tummy was ready to explode, I still had a full plate enough to share with two people. I am super surprised how large the portion is compared to the price point. Overall, a great deal and delicious meal. But eat here too often, and you will be contributing to the obesity epidemic in America.
4	Hubby and I went here for lunch today and enjoyed it very much. We ordered a salad and fried okra to go along with the meal  I had the Southern Pork Chop, mashed potatoes, corn, biscuits and gravy( I make better biscuits) and hubby had the Chicken Fry, which he brought half of home with us.The pork chop was tender and juicy and almost fork tender, I ate all of it, left most of  the mashed potatoes and the corn, probably because we ate the salad and the okra first.I like the inside although it is a little dark, very kitchy with all the license plates from all over.I say go, eat, waddle home...it is worth it and it is great comfort food!
4	You know that sweet idiom about so-and-so's behind being as large as Texas? Well! They must have had the chicken fried steak. AKA atherosclerosis for your dining pleasure. Pretty sure those kitschy armadillos plastering the walls are a fire hazard.I like it!
5	Yep -- still my favorite hole-in-the-wall eatery awesomeness. The brisket sandwich with cheddar and slaw and dippin' sauce was to die for. I ate at the bar and just enjoyed my visit.  Can't wait til I can walk here!
5	Great good great service. We took are 3 young children there tonight. The customer service was top notch.Waitress help led my children there steak while by wife was busy with our 1 old. Manager came over a few times to entertain them. It just made eating out with the kids more enjoyable
3	Ok..I've been here 2 or 3 times and what I like the best is their atmosphere. My home is Dallas and so much of Texas is in this joint. The owner has lots of ties to Texas and it's a joy to speak with him especially the stories behind the pictures. I have always ordered the same dish, chicken fried chicken which is delicious except for some reason the gravy tastes a bit off, can't explain it.  So, what keeps me coming back, the atmosphere...next time I must try another dish and report on it.
5	I am always searching for good chicken fried steak. This is the best I have ever had! It's so big it might give you a heart attack. Make room for the peach cobbler! It's soooooo good! I can't wait to go back.
4	Exactly as expected. I had the country fried steak and I was full within ten bites. Must have been having one of those mornings. Not really my thing, but a great experience and a really cool place. I will admit that I ate all the leftovers the same night, and it was still pretty damn good.Guess Mama didn't make that much Chicken Fried Steak growing up.
3	I've been going to TexAZ Grill for the best part of 20 years. I really used to enjoy it - had not been there for many years and just went back last week. Most everyone at the table wasn't that happy with the food - the ribs that someone had were particularly lackluster. I ordered one of the early bird specials, a small NY with a cheese enchilada and thought it was pretty good - but at $9.50 my expectations were not real high. The service was just OK _ I had to get up to ask someone for bread plates, as we didn't have any. The biscuits (which used to be awesome) were kind of cold and hard. I'd go back one more time for sure, because my favorite is their Chicken Fried Chicken, but as I didn't order that, I would have to try it one more time before I crossed this place off of my list...it really did used to be great food with great service, but this last time, it really was just decent food with acceptable service.
4	I have eaten here several times I have tried many things on the menu and I have never been disappointed. The prices are not bad, the food is really good, and the staff is polite and professional. I live on the east valley and I am always finding excuses to drive out to Phoenix to eat here.
5	You heard it here first.  Texaz grill which does an outstanding job across their whole menu, has now started a Sunday Brunch!!  Went there today and it's outstanding.  They have regular items on their bruch menu but they also have some others:  Terralingua scramble with potatoes and tortillas,and huevo rancheros  among others.  My wife and I had the Terralingua and split it between us but it so good that next time, we'll order a full order each.  Two of the parties around us were having huevo rancheros and each declared them excellent.  One said they could have been spicier (there was hot sauce on the table) and the other, a guy from Houston, said they were just right.  Either way, they both declared them excellent.For me, I'll have the Terralingua again probably.  It was sooo good!Although the brunch is not advertised yet, it opens at 11:00 on Sunday.   They will advertise the brunch beginning after the superbowl game.  A trip to Texaz for brunch is something you'll be thankful for.
1	Damn, I thought after all the hoopla this place was supposed to have the BEST chicken fried steaks in Phoenix....IT DOESN T...now I m from Texas and in all my 62 years , i have not had a more greasy,soggy,limp chicken fried steak....YUCK...what a load of crap this thing was. The rest of the place was a  dump..the bathroom had to be shared with employee changing his clothes...small is the word...I would bet you if Gordon Ramsey or the health dept inspected this dump the kitchen would be closed first thing....save your money and time, go back to Texas every now and then, go to the Market Diner on Harry Hines in Dallas and eat a REAL GOOD chicken fried  steak with fresh cream gravy and not that congealed goo from the texaz GRILL...I have had better from roadside vendors but nothing worse than the imitation chicken fried steak this place serves instead.....lazy @#$%'s
4	The catfish rocked my world.
3	The food here is just good not great.  Pricing is great for the large portions of food.  Overall a good experience.
5	This place is delightful.  Full of all things Texas, delicious chicken friend chicken, filet, great mashed potatoes, I strongly recommend this place.See Stephen B's review: every time I see a boarded-up Lone Star Steak House, and now there are PLENTY OF THEM!, I smile a little smile for Texaz Grille, forced to change their name after then-20 years of operation.  By the way, some of the best cole-slaw I've ever had!
5	Went back recently, and it was just as good, if not better than I remembered.  I was too long in Las Vegas.  Price, portions and service are all excellent.  I just wish I lived closer.
3	I know that this place is a Phoenix staple, but just because something is really old doesn't mean its always good. TexAz Grill is very mediocre. The building is cool, lots of old stuff all over, almost feels a little cramped, but for an old spot, that's to be expected. The menu is very small, Chicken Fried Chicken, Chicken Fried Steak, T-bone, and sometimes ribs on special. Everything we had was yummy, however the coleslaw was a bit on the soggy side for me. The ribs were smoked to perfection, fell right off the bone, and the chicken friend chicken was great. Service was exactly as you would expect it to be, nothing to write home about. But we had everything we needed. Check it out if your in the mood for some home cookin, but don't be expecting to get blown away.
5	MMMMMMMMM! Grew up in Texas, so this place is such comfort. The good: DELICIOUS food. Love the mashed potatoes and the STEAK - OH MY! Amazing. Great service - very sweet, patient waitresses. You know, the "what can I get you sweetie?" kind of waitresses. Gotta love em. The interior is phenomenal and cozy - a little crowded but  actually really cozy once you get settled in. The bad: Like I said, it is very crowded. I suggest not going at dinner time. There always seems to be a wait and...there's really no place to wait. Last time I went was about 7:30 PM and there was a long line and we were forced to wait outside, not even close to the front door. Fortunately, not for long! So kudos for that. Above all, great atmosphere, great food, great service - HIGHLY recommend if you're in the mood for a lil southern cookin!
4	If you're looking for a place of elegance, this is not the place for you.  It's dark, dingy and a hole in the wall ..... and the food is AMAZING.  Five of us went in for lunch on a Friday afternoon (one being a former Texan, only just moving to Arizona two months ago) and the wait for a table was non-existent.  Our service was very good and attentive.  Three of us ordered the chicken fried steak and two of us ordered the BBQ brisket sandwich.  Every single one of us was extremely pleased with our food and SO MUCH FOOD.  I would definitely recommend this place for some good Texan food!  Prices were unbelievably reasonable as well.
4	Well, I am clearly not the first to wax poetic about the chicken fried steak here. I miss the signage on the south side of the building with the count of how many have been sold.Once upon a time, this was Lone Star. Then the chain came into town, and the name was changed to TexAz. Happily, that's the only thing that's changed.I've had many meals here - and have never left hungry.Recently, the pattern has been a girlfriend and I meeting for lunch. We have iced teas (since I have to go right to work after), small salads and split a chicken fried steak. The plate comes with corn and a heaping pile of mashed potatoes with gravy. Ohhhh, that gravy!We save the biscuits for last - and smother them with butter and honey - dessert!Everything has always been fresh and tasty. No culinary risks here, and nothing pushing the food envelope - just straightforward Texas comfort food. With some added flair. Cajun/Creole flavors make lots of appearances - and it all hits the spot.The decor can be overwhelming - but there's so much eye candy it's impossible to be bored. Love all the signs and bumper stickers. Most are Texas-centric, but there are artifacts from all over the globe. (Personal note - three cheers for all the Kinky Friedman items!)Good food, good drink, good times - HUGE portions at very fair prices!Oh - and the bread pudding with whiskey sauce is kinda amazing!!
5	Great.  Delicious chicken fried everything.  Great service.  Lunch time is the best deal here, but you'll leave full anytime.
5	I LOVE chicken fried steak and a family friend told me I HAD to try this place. And I'm so happy I did so.  The chicken fried steak was delicious. The batter was light and crispy, the steak was moist and the country gravy, to die for.  I've had plenty of chewy chicken fried steak in my life with mediocre gravy. This was definitely the BEST chicken fried steak I've ever had. The waitress was super busy as they bus their own tables, but we never felt neglected. I just noticed how busy she was.  So the fact that she was slammed and her service never suffered was huge to me.  The manager or maybe the owner was coming around to all the tables and asking everyone how the food was and chatting with the regulars. I love that type of service. We raved about the food and told him it was our first time in and he gave me and my mother a card for a free dessert on our next visit!!  So what else can I do BUT give this place 5 stars.  Wonderful home cooking and great service.
2	We hadn't been to Texaz in about ten years, so we thought it would be fun to take the kids last weekend. It's still crowded and with the animals, posters, newspaper articles on the walls and hundreds of ballcaps hanging from the ceiling, the atmosphere at Texaz is a genuine version of the type of place that chain restaurants pay designers big money to create. For kids, its a cornucopia of sights and sounds to look at which accounts for the two stars I'm giving it.However, it doesn't get any more stars because the food has really gone downhill. Naturally my wife and I ordered the meal that this restaurant is famous for - chicken-fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy and as I said, we hadn't been there in about ten years, but there is no way the food used to be this bland. Unfortunately, this was one of the most boring chicken-fried steaks I have ever had. The breading had no flavor and the gravy didn't add any either. I like good chicken fried steak, but this wasn't it. In fact, I'd be embarrassed to bring anyone from Texas to this place.Sorry Texaz, I know you're a Central Phoenix institution, but you're riding on past glory.
2	It's a local institution who was screwed into changing their name by a big corporate chain. A line like that is enough to get me on their side quick but TexAZ just isn't that good.My dad brought me to this place a couple of times and after that I cut him off. No more I said. I've since returned a couple more times with other people that wanted me to go so I got different stuff none of which was very good. Quick rundown:1) Prime rib not bad for price but really not that great. I can go to St. Joe's at lunch and get prime rib as good for a lot less2) Chicken fried steak is way overrated. Sure it's a mega-size serving but who cares when it's mega-bland?3) Fries are the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen called fries. Sure it's "Texas," we get it, but that doesn't mean you cut a potato into quarters and fry it and call one of those quarters a fry. Big is just dumb in this case.4) Pan fried steaks? I don't know, probably one of the worst steaks I've ever had at a restaurant.5) Finally, who cares if they serve Shiner? Shiner is a crap beer.Save yourself time and money and stay home.
5	I went for my birthday and I enjoyed the atmosphere. I fealt like I was visiting a real saloon.  They have very large portions and very good deals everyday of the week. The chicken fried steak is good chicken fried chicken is good the meat is tender and the mashed patatoes and gravy taste home made. Catfish is also one my favorite
4	Is their infamous Chicken Fried Everything enough to blow me up into a giant hot air balloon until I go to 'Awesome-Portion-Heaven?' Yes. Is this something I'm gonna regret when I finally drag my body to the gym? Yes, BUT, I argue that you only live once and you should try one of the finest Chicken Fried Steaks around. The only bad thing I will say though is that their gravy is a little bland just by itself. I like mah gravy to taste like it could be an entree of it's own like it should, not as just a topping, but that's just the fatty inside me talking. Also, they get ya by asking if you want some more sauce or more of this, then when the bill comes they tack on extra money without warning me and I can't do anything but a major facepalm.
5	The food is so good that I wish I could eat there every day. I love their lunch time specials.  Tuesday is a must for ham steak  Wednesday is a must for liver and onions .  Thursdays for ribs or prime rib (almost a half pound).  Friday is the best fish in town.Nancy, the werver is simply great!
5	Best chicken fried steak bar none in Phoenix.  I come here only for that but the fresh lemonade rocks here too.  The atmosphere is VERY casual and VERY country.  I cant stand country music but its worth it for this place.  It is also a pretty inexpensive place for a good steak if you are looking.  Service is always good, parking is what really sucks here but if you go when there is not a big rush you will be okay.
1	Years ago, this place had some great food! Now, not so much. Chicken Fried Steak is bland, the Salad has very little "greens" to it, and the apitizer bread they serve is cold. They used to have the best CFS around, but in the last few years or so, its beaten out by a Denny's dinner.
4	TexAZ Grill is a low key hidden gem in Phoenix.  It's location is modest, its decor is eccentric, very Texan inspired, and the size of the restaurant is fairly small.  The portions however are not so small.  I went for Brunch and of course I had to try the chicken fried steak everyone raves about. I was not disappointed in the CFS, just as the man other yelpers state, it is Indeed very good. Not made of the usual ground beef type of meat, it was more of an actual deep fried thinly pound steak.  What also came as a surprise, was how much I enjoyed the side dishes. The gravy was amazing, as were the biscuits and if your thirsty, may I suggest the Turlingua Sunrise. I cannot wait to come back and try a big juicy steak. God bless Texas!
4	I had the fried pork chops , the chops were perfect . Nice crust and very moist. It came with cream gravy and mash potato. Oh yeah it came with two chops . Service was friendly and efficient.
4	Food is pure fat and yumminess. One plate is enough to feed three people. We had more leftovers than we knew what to do with. Definitely need to fast for a week before coming here, but well worth it.
5	My  ex-hubby and I used to frequent this place in 1991 when it was called The Lone Star. It was awesome then...and it's still just as awesome!!!I moved away for 20 years and when my ex-mother-in-law came into town we decided to give Texaz Grill a try, not even thinking that it was the same place. Boy! Were we pleasantly surprised!!Nothing has changed! Not the decorations, not the menu, not the friendly staff, not the quality of the food...NOTHING!!! Ok. I'm lying. There was a different picture on the back of the ladies room door.We all ordered the Ribeye with the house salad/house dressing, homemade mashed potatoes and cream gravy. I've dreamt about those mashed potatoes!! The steaks were perfect! Juicy, tender, flavorful, cooked to order. Chain steakhouses have NOTHING on this place!We finished our meal with the homemade bread pudding with whiskey sauce. Trust me, you've never had bread pudding so good! Full of cinnamon, raisins, and pecans with the most delightful whiskey sauce.If you live in Phoenix or are just passing through stop in at The Texaz Grill! You won't regret it!
5	There's probably not a lot that can be said about TexAz Grill that hasn't been said, but  I feel the need to put in a good word for their catfish. It's great - perfectly battered, flaky, great flavor and the two massive fillets are enough to share with a friend, making it a fairly inexpensive, reasonably healthful dinner for two.
4	One of my favorite meals is the chicken fried steak, mashed potato's, both covered with milk gravy and a side of fried okra.  Talk about memories, my mom's is the best.  So when we discovered this place, we didn't know if it would match my memories or be another frozen mock up.Walking in, the decor is really country chic, very old school, from the old photo's, the license plates to the lighting.  Our server was quick and friendly.  We got our food and it was delicious, since my meal didn't come with the fried okra, it was an add on, it came out way before our meal along with the bread, and both was eaten way before the main meal, but, they were hot and I didn't want them to cool off, so we ate.As for the chicken fried steak, the breading was close, but not exact to my mothers, it didn't taste or look like a frozen piece, so it was one the best, chunky, breading, golden brown, tender steak.   So someone knew what they were doing with cube steak!
4	Well, our son decided we needed to eat here - we are in town visiting him.  I would have preferred something lighter, but I am telling you that if you want a hearty meal in a very colorful setting  this is the place.  The menu is largely steak and fried foods, but you get a salad and potatoes with every meal.  They do give the options on some of the foods - pork chops, chicken, shrimp, fish - to have it grilled if you please.  Special of the day was liver and onions, which we all passed on.  I decided to go whole hog, and got the bear battered fried shrimp, our son got chili as well as two fried chicken breasts (he is a construction worker, so can eat like this), and my husband got the grilled pork chops, with  big sides of grilled onions and grilled mushrooms.  The service was excellent and the food very good, although maybe not the best choice for the night before Thanksgiving.   The decor, if one could call it that, was the most fun of all - walls and ceilings plastered with old advertisements (haven't even thought of Nehi in years), letters, pictures, license plates, and on and on.  It was a lot of fun, but back to salad and lighter things.  Except tomorrow for turkey day.
4	For Texas-sized portions at reasonable prices, look no further.  At Texaz Grill, they've perfected the art of breaded, deep fried foods.  I had the fried catfish, and tried the chicken fried steak.  The fried catfish was perfect.  The buttermilk breading was just the right amount of crispiness and had a great flavor to complement the delicate taste of the catfish.  The fish itself, was some of the best I've had.  The meat was very tender and flavorful.The chicken fried steak was very good, with tender pounded beef and crispy breading.  There were 2 giant pieces on the platter, and it was topped with a generous amount of gravy.  As for sides, you have your choice of salad or coleslaw, and mashed potatoes or Texas fries.  I had some salad, which wasn't too impressive since it tasted like someone had made it way in advance, making it taste soggy and wilted.  The coleslaw was decent, in a mayo-based sauce that was tangy and sweet.  The mashed potatoes were a hearty portion of skin-on mash.  Service was friendly and drinks were refilled as needed.  Parking, on the other hand, is a nightmare if you come at a busy time.  Prices for dinner range from the teens to the low 20s, depending on what item you get.  So, I'd probably be interested in going here again next time I'm in the mood for some fried food, but only if it's at a less busy time where parking won't be as much of a hassle.
4	I like this place very unique decorum staff is really great checked on us throughout our meal. Had the catfish it was good I'd recommend this place
5	WOW, if you are hungry this is the place to come, excellent service as well as food, the chicken fried steak dinner will feed two very easily... Everything is texas size !!!
4	I grew up in Texas and love coming here for the brisket and the chicken fried steak. The catfish is also worth getting. Very friendly service. The table is loaded with all sorts of hot sauces and condiments to add some kick to your meal. Parking is poor if not awful and the lighting inside is rather dim. Ask for a seat to the left when you walk in by the lamp and beer signs. Oh Yeah!
5	I am a sucker for great service. The only complain I have would be I wish they included their daily specials in their regular menu. My ice tea never went half empty unless I begged them to stop refilling.
4	Having lived in Texas for years, we tried this last night now that we live in AZ, and I'm pregnant and wanted smoked red meat. Got the smoked brisket sandwich with texaz fries and hubs got chicken fried steak & fries, kids got chicken fingers & grilled cheese. We finished off with the bread pudding. The brisket had a good flavor, wish it had more smoke ring and more sauce, but that's just a preference. Hubs chicken fried steak was amazing. We both tried our daughters mashed potatoes & wished we got those! The texaz fries were also great, but the mashed were amazing. And the chicken tenders were real chicken, hand dipped & fried. Definitely good breeding a and biscuits, totally homemade. For anyone wanting Texas comfort food, I would recommend it. The service was wonderful also. Wish the hats weren't dusty, Rhys my only gripe. Dusty hats hanging over my food doesn't say yum. But, sit in the middle of the restaurant and it won't bother you.
4	Fun, friendly, prompt service and tasty food? What's not to like? Portions here are definitely Texas-size so you are not going to go away hungry. They were very accommodating to our large party and our server was excellent. Parking here is HORRIBLE though. The restaurant is on the corner of 16th St. and Bethany Home in a rundown strip mall. The spots themselves are short and it's difficult to get into and out of the lot. Not sure if there is a special trick to parking here but please keep in mind when you come that parking is sucky. Now, bear in mind when you come here, there are not many "healthy options" on the menu. And they are not ashamed of this at all. They embrace the Texas size deep fried, heavily battered foods they offer unabashedly. As someone who is careful about what I eat, I did manage to get a salad and felt good about it. All the dishes came out at the proper temperatures and were freshly made and nicely plated. Looking forward to going back in the near future!
5	Alright.  I am finally writing a review for TEXAZ.  One word.  Friggin awesome.  Ok, two words.  I am a huge fan of the smoky prime rib of which I usually get the mulligan (or the American) cut, a 22 oz monster that comes with a killer jus and horseradish.. mmmmmmmmmmmm.  The chicken fried steak is what they are famous for but try the fried chicken.  Super juicy.  Make sure you get there a little early as they tend to run out of the prime rib...
5	Feels like I am back in Texas in a down-home roadhouse.  Excellent ambiance and EVERYONE is the heighth of friendliness and so pleasant and helpful.  We are here almost every Sunday for brunch, and the food comes out quick and the portions are large.  And here's the best thing of all:  it all tastes like my friend from Houston's grandma has prepared it.  Everything is made daily BY HAND.  Steve, the owner, is a genius--he comes up with these "Specials" which are all downright authentic and tasty.  Farm-fresh ingredients such as smoked ham and turkey are phenomenal.  Creations such as "cemitas" are on-par with bona-fide Southern Mexican food.  Now where in the US can you find this type of care/attention anymore?  Chicken Fried Steak is awesome; the best I've ever had, and HUGE.  It, and all their steaks, are cut fresh and NOT overpowered by the salt/spice/sugar/preservatives that come from reheated processed food.  People who say it is bland--well, I guess you'd say a home-grilled hamburger tastes bland compared to BK.  If you're upset that the meats are grilled without seasoning--so it is in most of the TX roadhouses I've visited.  Brisket spends 14 hours in the smoker prior to serving--how can you go wrong?  The biscuits are homemade--make me want to cry they're so good.  Their homemade Pecan Pie is the best I've ever had--and they'll top any dessert with Blue Bell ice cream.  If you can make it here for Brunch when they serve "Hoe Cakes" as a special--you will think you have died and gone to heaven.  Taste better (and are better for you) than pancakes--THEY BEAT ANY/ALL PANCAKES WE HAVE FOUND IN THE VALLEY!!!  They pack in the customers pretty quickly after opening, so come early to avoid the rush.  Really can't say enough about Texaz Grill!
4	Place has Texas ambiance in spades.  You leave the cavernous restaurant and you almost expect to step onto a dusty street in the panhandle.  The chicken fried steak is great and when you consider the $8 price tag it becomes downright splendid.
4	This is a terrific "local" place. The menu isn't expansive and that's part of the charm. The food is about is very good and I've never been disappointed (been there dozens of times), it's clean and service is quick. They are friendly, even going around to the "children" tables and challenging them to "Texas Trivia". I take my out of town friends there.  This is a best reason for overnight guests! The catfish is the best.... really... the best.
4	Simply the best chicken fried steak I've ever had. Awesome for a good price.
3	The only reason I am giving this place a 3 star review is because the service was excellent. The waitress was very friendly and gave us the perfect mix of attention and privacy. We were seated quickly, and had drinks a few minutes later. The food arrived equally fast.The restaurant itself is your typical roadhouse. Its dark and a bit crowded feeling inside, with lots of stuff on the walls, and feels dirty, even though I'm sure it's clean. Prices were reasonable, especially considering the huge portions of food. I ordered their "famous" Chicken fried steak. I'm not entirely sure what I was expecting, but what I got was not what I was hoping for. the breading on the chicken wasn't very crispy and had very little flavor. The gravy had even less flavor than the batter and only succeeded in making everything soggy. The steak itself was cooked well but fatty, flavorless, and hard to cut. the salads and side dishes were equally mediocre. Nothing special about TexAZ Grill.
5	Amazing. Their chicken fried chicken, brisket sandwiches, salads and mashed potatoes are DELICIOUS. We absolutely love this place! The service is phenomenal, the portion sizes are great and the decor is awesome. We'll be coming here for many years guaranteed!
4	This place is known for their chicken fried steak.  And they certainly do it right.  They have a billboard that is a running tally of how many servings of chicken fried steak they have served....now that's confidence in your product!  But if you feel like something else, they have an amazing prime rib (you have to get there early though....they only make a certain amount of prime rib each night and when they run out, they run out).  If you want something a little smaller---and that's not saying much, since their portions are huge, get the brisket sandwich, ask for the bbq sauce on the side, and ask for a side of au ju.  You won't regret it.  It's amazing!!  Don't expect some fancy schmancy steakhouse--but go hungry and you won't regret your decision to go there!
2	i was recommended to this place by a friend of mine who said he hadn't been here in awhile but thought it was great last time he was there. i really wish i didn't listen to him.when my girlfriend i entered the building the first sign of this place sucking was probably the empty dining room, but it was around 8:30 so that i can understand. what i cannot understand and what was such a disappointment, was the food. I ordered the rib-eye which on the menu said it was "Jim's special", which wasn't so special at all but ill get into that in a minute, my girlfriend ordered the shrimp cocktail as an appetizer and  the brisket sand which as her entree. now, for 6 bucks i expect more than 4 tiny shrimp, but it was good so that still gets my OK. what doesn't get my OK was the steak. my rib-eye, which was like 18 bucks, a reasonable price for a reasonable sized steak, was probably smaller than a hamburger patty and was well done when i ordered it medium. the mashed potatoes as my side i ordered double of which i wish i didn't, because it was more like double gravy, single mashed potatoes. the gravy itself tasted like it was pure lard, and i was unable to even eat it because it was just so heavy. I'm a bigger guy, i like fattening food, but that was just gross to me. my girlfriends food wasn't that much better. when the bill came around, it was 48 bucks, which is what i left with no tip because the service was equally terrible, she was rude and acted like she wanted us gone. i have NEVER not left a tip. i know this place has a great reputation, and that's what got me in there, but when i left i was honestly impressed by how bad that was. i almost want to call my friend that suggested this place to me and tell him he owes me 50 bucks. not worth it, never coming back here again.
5	This place has great comfort food, nothing fancy but I don't expect nor want it from a place like this. We have been here twice and both times were excellent. The first time around I ordered the chicken fried steak and it was flavorful not to mention massive. This last time I decided to change things up and get the catfish, and I have to say this was easily the best catfish I've gotten from a restaurant, it is perfectly seasoned and melts in your mouth. Catfish isn't my favorite fish and far too many places can't make it properly, the sweetness of the catfish almost overpowers things. Not here, the flavor of the breading and the work in harmony. I will definitely get catfish again here! Oh yeah, their Texas Potatoes (or whatever they are called) are good as well, basically they are potato chunks that are fried, in fact I am willing to bet they double fry them to give the outerlayer a crispy texture. The restaurant itself resembles your typical small town restaurant, and that is fine with me since I grew up with restaurants like it. Their walls are covered with pictures, posters, signs and whatever else they can put up on it, it gives it an unique look. If you want a "nice" restaurant then you better look elsewhere, but if you want a hometown family restaurant and bar setting this is your place.Service is fantastic as well, our server was constantly refilling our drinks and extremely friendly. One nice aspect of this place is that they give you large glasses for your beverage, so you usually only need a refill or two, we had a bit more because we were recovering from the summer heat.  Also for the record they carry Pepsi products, which is a bonus for me, but may not be for others.In regards to price, they aren't cheap (the chicken fried steak is around 13 and the catfish for two big filets was around 12), but you will have more then enough food so it works out in the long run. Overall a great small town style restaurant and bar if you are looking for a hearty meal that is made right.
5	You will be hard-pressed to find better value in a steakhouse than this place.  We had the smoked prime rib, and it was outstanding - smoky but not overpowering, tender, juicy, and HUGE.  We also had their famous chicken fried steak, and it was tender, flavorful, and the gravy was perfect.  And it was also huge.  People complaining about the price need to get out more, because you will not find better prices than these for anywhere near the quality or quantity.  Go early if you want the prime rib; we got there before 5:30 on a Thursday and they were nearly out.  They have happy hour on weeknights with half-price drinks, I had 2 glasses of  Mondavi red wine for a grand total of 4 measly bucks to wash down the prime rib with.  A real treat; we lived in Texas for years and this place could easily compete with the better steakhouses there.
5	Awesome ham and very good chicken fried steak and chicken.
2	Nope, nope, nope.I came here on the recommendation of other fellow Yelpers and I am so disappointed.Firstly, parking is a mess.  Next, I came with my husband and two year old daughter and the hostess told me that they don't have a high chair that can accommodate a two year old so she had to use a booster seat.  The problem is that she's at that middle age where she's almost done with high chairs and still too immature for a booster seat.  What a mess trying to keep her in her booster seat and contained.  She wasn't noisy or badly behaved, per se, she just wanted to stand up in the booth and look around and fidget with all the condiment bottles on the table.  Also, can I mention that the booths have a weird half wall that obscures the other diners from the chest up, but is open from the chest level down, so someone in the other booth could easily reach underneath the wall and dig around in your purse if they wanted to, or your two year old can peek underneath the booth wall to play peek-a-boo with the diners on the other side?  It's pretty weird.So the waitress came over took our drink orders with a minimum of small talk (or overall friendliness).  We perused the menus.  My husband chose a beef brisket sandwich.  I wanted a t-bone steak, I had been craving one and I was looking forward to it.  We ordered our dinners and it's worth mentioning that at NO point did the waitress acknowledge that presence of our daughter.  She never asked us what she wanted to eat or if she needed anything to drink either, apparently she was invisible.  Seeing as how there weren't any kids meals on the menu, I just assumed we'd feed her from our own plates, but interestingly the waitress just assumed that too because she didn't even ask if she'd be having a side order of something as her meal,  She just looked right past her.  If I sound pissed it's because I was.  I don't need the waitress to pinch her cheeks and make baby talk with her, but to merely acknowledge the fact that there were three human beings sitting at the booth that night would have been covered in 'Basic Manners 101'.So my steak was very flavorful and tender but BADLY undercooked, terribly fatty and a sickly color gray.  (It didn't have a nice sear or a good caramel color to it.)  I ordered it medium rare, but instead I got bloody, almost blue meat.  And there was so much fat that I only got about half meat, the rest was all scrap fat and the bone.  My sides were non-descript.  I think my mashed potatoes were probably decent, I honestly can't even remember that's how non-descript they were.  The roll and bread 'basket' that came with my food (one little roll and one little cold biscuit) were hard and tasted store bought.  And my hungry toddler didn't even want them.  My husband's beef brisket sandwich was a pathetic, dried out, flavorless waste of good money.  We didn't even bother with desserts.I had a margarita; it was very good, but beguilingly strong for how petite the rock glass is that it was served in.  After I finished it the waitress came around and asked me if I wanted another and I declined, but my husband (a non-drinker) immediately piped up and said "Yes, she'll have another!" and shot me a playful look, and rather than looking to me so see if I *really* wanted another $7 margarita or not she simply walked away and had the bartender make me another one!  WTF?  So within a couple of minutes I had yet another very, very strong margarita sitting in front of me.  Now I'm no cheapskate but I don't like to waste money so I choked down that second margarita and it was the proverbial 'straw that broke the camel's back'.  I may have finished it, but it definitely finished ME.  I spent the rest of the night stumbling and mumbling to myself about someone slipping me a mickey.  I've never, ever had a margarita that strong and I am a very well seasoned drinker.   What of Earth did they put in them??So to sum it up I spent over $60 (includes the tip) for 2 small Molotov cocktails disguised as margaritas, an undercooked, fatty, t-bone steak, an inedible, dry beef brisket sandwich and a big serving of NOTHING for my child.  Never again.The two stars are for the flavor and tenderness of the otherwise failure of a steak and the extreme value for your money on the alcohol.  THAT'S IT.
5	You only need to know three words walking into TEXAZ Grill: chicken fried steak. It's a huge monster, with a crispy double dipped batter layer encasing a beautiful tenderized steak, smothered with a beautiful white gravy. Without a doubt TEXAZ Grill has the best chicken fried steak in the Phoenix area, perhaps even Arizona!Portions are huge too! The dinner portion actually gives you two steaks while the lunch portion gives you one. The coleslaw and mashed potatoes on the side were huge as well.The restaurant is a bit small and the parking lot a bit smaller, but the interior is definitely cozy and the staff is very friendly. It really makes the meal worth it on top of the kick*** CFS. You NEED to try this out!
5	Good honest food.   I don't know what I could possibly say that hasn't been said already.   Go and see for yourself.   I'd get the prime rib any day of the week.   The chicken fried pork and chicken is great as well.   Real mashed potatoes and creamy chicken gravy are just perfect.   Try the bread pudding if you have any room left,  but I bet you won't.
1	The owner is a total jerk0ff.  I have been in there so many times.  Each time he never comes by to ask how my meal was, yet he goes to other tables.  I am always in a suit so maybe he just doesnt like well dressed people (if you have seen the decor inside, you know what I mean).  It's dingy.  The food is ok---but the owner being a tool and not asking how everything was even once in 8 recent trips made me decide I will never come back ever. he is an idiot.
4	First, the parking situation here is less than ideal.   This restaurant has a friendly staff and atmosphere that is a refreshing change from the cookie cutter chain restaurants that seem to be everywhere,   Upon entry, I was greeted by the hostess and shown to my table.  The waitress was there to take my drink order in less than 1 minute, however, I was here for the Chicken Fried Steak and ordered it, Mashed Potatoes and a Garden Salad along with my drink.  She brought some rolls, my drink and salad back within 2 or 3 minutes.  The main course, Chicken Fried Steak and Mashed Potatoes arrived a short time later.  I am not a small man, but this plate was packed with food and was too much for me to eat.  Everything tasted pretty good.  Overall, a good experience.  I would definitely eat here again.
4	Great chicken fried steak in phoenix but if it was in Texas it would be just good
5	Most recent visit here was for lunch, I need to eat here more often.  My buddy had the chicken fried steak and I had a pulled pork sandwich with cole slaw.  The pulled pork was juicy, smoky and very tasty with the fried onion straws. As for the CFS, I tried a bite and that's all I got as it quickly vanished from my compadres plate. Lunch service time was excellent and the food was great. And to top it off the prices were very good for lunch specials.
3	This was a great restaurant.  The steaks are not what they once were.  Less tender.  The chicken fried steak is still great, shrimp excellent.  Of course the drinks are cold and great
5	Being from Dallas, Texas, I have a certain standard I hold my Texas food to. And TEXAZ always exceeds it. Best chicken fried steak with the best white gravy. Very Texas dive-y looking. Wait staff will always remember who you are. Quick and amazing. Love them!!
4	Love the chicken fried steak.
1	I'm sorry but this place probably has the worst turkey club i have ever had. thick sliced lunchable meat with regular american cheese, bacon, lettuce tomato. on a hot toasty bun... didn't quite sit right, i probably ordered the worst thing on the menu. but i wasn't to crazy about the potato chunk fried fries either..... but what do i know! the chicken fried steak is probably awesome, but i needed something light and quick at the time! the place was really dirty above your head no telling whats getting on the food that you are about to eat. and all the walls were super cluttered with decor, and dusty hats hanging everywhere, kind of gross.service was awesome, and the people were cool. but not enough to come back to.
5	Brazos Burrito and Shiner Bock!  It doesn't get much better than this in Phoenix if you're from Texas.  Chicken fried steak is amazing and the customer service rocks!
3	Came here on the spur of the moment while deciding what to eat on a weekend night. It is a very cluttered looking restaurant. There were so many road signs and posters on the wall, I'm really not sure what color the walls were. The service was excellent which is why this review is getting 3 stars instead of 2. Our waitress was friendly and quick.I had high expectations about this place and unfortunately it just did not live up to it. I just found everything to be very bland. Maybe I've been watching too much Chopped but I just expected the food to be better seasoned. Both my wife and I were using a lot of salt to add some flavor to the meals. Not sure I would go again unless someone tells me the food has improved.
4	I have been here 2 times in the last two months with my family for lunch. The atmosphere in the restaurant is awesome. I love the decor and overall feel of the business. Parking is an issue with larger vehicles but I will do what I have to do so I can get the famous chicken fried steak. As good as advertised. In my two trips to this location I have had to leave food on my plate  because I was stuffed ( this is rare). This is becoming one of my favorite stops.
5	Soo good! The atmosphere and the service was great. The chicken fried steak is amazing!  Puts me to sleep every time. A must try.
4	I am from Texas and I do love the regional food. My husband had been craving a good chicken fried steak, so we decided to try TEXAZ Grill.The parking can be a pain. If you pull into the spots right in front of the building, they're for compact cars, and there's no valet. There is a lot behind the building with ample sized spots, so look for the turn in off Bethany Home.The decor is a little tacky and over the top, but I guess that adds to the restaurant's charm. The staff is friendly and helpful.Chicken fried steak - awesome. The portion is huge, and it's cooked just like it should be. Accompanying mashed potatoes are quite good. I was surprised that the brisket sandwich was so good. The meat is really tender, flavorful, and thick cut. I like that they top it with BBQ sauce and then provide extra on the side. Portion was also big, although the chicken fried steak is hard to beat in terms of quality, quantity, and price. My husband and I could have split it and still had leftovers.We had plenty of leftovers and couldn't try any dessert (unfortunately) because we were so full. I really want to go back and try the other menu items, like the chili, one of their many steaks, and the chicken fried chicken. If you like Texas staples, give TEXAZ Grill a try.
5	Found this on Yelp & decided we HAD to come check it out. I'm a huge fan of chicken fried chicken, I know everyone said this was known for the steak but I figured they would both be great.  I was correct! Our server & all other staff we came in contact with was super sweet. Our food came out piping hot exactly how we ordered it. Huge pieces of chicken, my husband & I could of easily shared it. Only complaint was the breading fell off of every piece I would cut. Eh. Oh well. We will def be back.
1	I am so confused by all of the ratings. I've tried this place twice now hoping that things would be better and that I just ordered the wrong items but I was, yet again, very disappointed. The only thing this place has going for itself is that they have large portions.As for the food, it should be called Tex"ass" Grill!First time I visited, my boyfriend and I ordered the ribs meal. The ribs were dry and extremely salty. The sides weren't any better either. Their potatoes were bland and coleslaw was over-dressed. Seeing the highly rated reviews on their Chicken Fried Steak, I hoped my most recent visit would bring redemption to this restaurant, but, boy was I wrong!Their Chicken Fried Steak was bland as was their gravy and mashed potatoes! They didn't bother to season the meat and it seems like it was just dredged in season-less flour batter. The gravy was flavorless as well. I really wanted to like it but my taste buds fought against me. I felt dirty trying to take another bite because I kept trying to fool myself into thinking I tasted the meat... or the batter... or the gravy... or the potatoes. My last bite of redemption... the biscuit.... which was also flavorless! What happened to buttery, flaky biscuits? They would be well inclined to consult the Pillsbury Dough Boy for some pointers because those taste 100% better.Disappointment and empty stomachs filled my household for the rest of the evening. At least something was full.
5	YUM!  A definite thumbs up and will be back !  :) Very friendly and attentive staff! We will definitely be back. Chicken fried steak huge cook well, smashed skins on taters, yum.  A definite recommend.
5	High quality. Good Service. FAST! The menu is limited which makes it a lot easier for the kitchen, I'd imagine. The catfish is just about the best I've ever had. Never disappointed in the service or the food. Highly recommend.
5	Been here before but never got the CFS it was the best I ever can rememberEnjoying and for 12.95 it's huge they give you 2 steaks.. The cole slaw if flipping greatWill be my go to spot for years to come ..
5	Had one chicken fried steak in my life before this place. Was in Phoenix for two days and came here twice in that time. Amazing Chicken Fried Steak. Delicious Chili. Perfect peach cobbler. If I'm ever within 100 miles of this place, I will definitely come back.
4	Chicken fried steak = winner, catfish = winner, anything else I have tried = winner.  Great spot, good portions, and friendly + quick staff.  Enough said, except a Thank You TEXAZ!
2	Went to Texaz on a whim wanting some steak and we were thoroughly disappointed. I ordered the t-bone, which was small and grey. There was no sear on the steak at all. The filet piece of the steak was about the size of a JFK half dollar. Huge disappointment. My friend got the shrimp dish done on the grill instead of fried. One of the shrimps was raw and they were tiny. Huge rip off for $16. Two stars for friendly service, good potato wedges and biscuits. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	What great food...had been wanting to visit this restaurant and I was not disappointed. Food was awesome and service was top notch. My daughter was given some candy and a toy to play with. Nice personal touch.
4	Had the big nasty tonight, a biscuit topped wth fried chicken breast. Cheddar cheese and sausage gravy. Very good tasting and the service was supeb. The only flaw was the wilted salad which has the dressing mixed in which was the reason for only 4 stars. Next time i will order the dressing on the side.
4	Sometimes, predictable is a good thing.A dear friend moved away and was coming to visit for a weekend. Turns out, despite being a sucker for anything chicken fried, she had never heard of TEXAZ. So we put together a small dinner party (8 of us) to celebrate her being in town.The server was fantastic! We all came in at different times, she never missed a beat with greeting us, getting us drinks and taking care of all the substitutions and special requests in our food order. Everything arrived exactly as ordered - and we were a happy and full group of people.The food is still consistent, the ambiance is still kitschy Texas roadhouse dive, the prices are still very reasonable and I am still super happy TEXAS is in my hood.
5	I had to "update" my favorite review of my favorite restaurant based on "recent developments."Chicken Fried Turkey:  any doubts/misgivings you might have about this dish (ie:  how can one "chicken fry" turkey?) will be dissolved upon your first bite.  I, as a rule, HATE turkey, but I would eat this dish all the live-long day.  Cinnamon & sugar-sprinkled fried yams--will make you sob with delight.  Be still my beating heart--this will now be added as the ongoing Monday Dinner Special.  Pity that I live so far away . . . because the wife and I would be here every Monday night from now on if we lived in the neighborhood.Chicken Fried Chicken:  at the risk of sounding blasphemous, I did not think that anything could top the CFS--but the CFC knocks it out of the park.  I will never eat fried chicken anywhere else ever again.  Bread Pudding:  well, another item I normally wouldn't touch with a 10-foot pole . . . but here I would devour until I depleted restaurant inventory.  I guess they call it Bread Pudding because that's what the recipe says, but it would be better described as a Mortal Sin on a plate.  So good and sweet and addicting that I can't find words in any of the languages at my disposal to properly do it justice.  Chicken Alabama:  creamed chicken and other goodies over cornbread muffins.  It is definitely on the top-5 dishes of my life.  If you haven't tasted it . . . you do not know what you are missing.Chicken & Dumplings:  see above--to those Southern folks who recall Mom and Grandma brewing these up for a Saturday PM treat . . . you will think Mom and Grandma caught a flight to Phoenix to make these for you again.SOS:  always kind of a treat in the Army Mess Hall . . . but here they make it with Prime Rib.  Yes, it's true.  I take mine over biscuits instead of Texas Toast.  Will honestly make you think you died and went to Heaven.  Again, another delicacy you have to taste . . . because words don't do it justice.Presidio Pulled Pork:  uh, well, yet another item which, if given the chance, would lead me to exhaust restaurant inventory.  Normally comes as a sandwich--I just get it on a plate.  Usually disappears within 60 seconds.Soups:  Steve could create an entire menu of soups alone.  The variety is such that I can't name them all.  But I have had most of them, and have not been disappointed at all.  In the day and age of can openers and "instant" packages, to find a location where delicious soups are daily crafted by hand . . . enough said.Sorry to gush . . . but you gotta get in here and run the menu's gamut.  To all those naysayer reviews . . . sorry, but I just don't see what you're complaining about.
5	Very good chicken fried steak. Okra. And mashed potatoes. Makes great leftovers if you can't finish!
5	Have to upgrade to 5 stars because this place has never changed and is still the best!
5	Great service, great price!!! I love this place!! Hidden treasure!! The prime rib sandwich was the best I ever had!!! The biscuits and gravy was the best and greatest taste!! I love the fun, friendly atmosphere!!!
5	This food is amazing! It's heavy but so delicious! I love chicken fried anything from here. The brisket is also so good. The Gravy is awesome. Most white gravy doesn't have a super strong taste but its definitely not bland like others have said. The best part are the lunch prices! $8 for a huge piece of chicken fried steak, mashed potatoes , corn and a biscuit! They even have lunch prices on Saturday. Yes it's cluttered but I don't rate based on decor unless its dirty which is a different story. It doesn't bother me but like I said I'm not the type of person who lets decor decide if I will return or not. The service varies, sometimes its awesome sometimes it's so so. I've never had bad service here. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was there ribeye because they dot use tenderizers or seasoning which I love but other than that it wasn't bad, I just prefer my steak seasoned and tenderized.
5	I absolutely love this place. They have the best prime rib I've ever tasted and the prices are cheap for the portion size. The waitresses are very friendly and the whole atmosphere is family friendly and enjoyable.
5	Texaz Grill is amazing! I've been dinning there since I was a child. There's no place like it in the city. The decor is very unique and not like something you have seen before if raised in phoenix. The place is always packed I've never seen it not busy. Very welcoming staff as well. They serve the best home style cooked delicious food. I usually always get their specialty the chicken fried steak. It's defiantly my favorite and the main reason I keep coming back. It's a huge helping, almost falling off the plate because it's so big and you get 2 pieces with 2 sides! They also have great BBQ, fried foods, deserts, a great wine and beer list, and so much more. If you haven't tried texaz grill you must go!
3	Cheap. Good.
3	Texas is more known for its sliced brisket, but I was there at lunch and they only had the chopped brisket sandwich available for $6.99 with a side of twice baked potato wedges. Those wedges were crispy and above average, but the brisket was just average in the chopped form. Not sure why Texas places cannot replicate Southern chopped brisket, but it is never as good as down south or southern style places. It wasn't horrible, but the BBQ sauce was watery and did not add much and the bottom bun was soaked through, so no way was this going to be eaten sandwich style. The place was decorated with animal heads and other crazyiness and the parking lot is a very tight squeeze if your there at the wrong time. The waitress was very nice though and it's worth another visit to try something else.
3	Walking in, the decor was just ok.  We had the chicken fried steak, kids prime rib, and rib eye.  The prime rib was smoked and they didn't say that on the kids menu and it had an odd taste to it.  I liked the ice cream cup at the end of my meal.Editing to three stars.  GREAT customer service.
5	This place is all around good , good atmosphere , good service and good food ! Huge portions !! The chicken fried steak is bigger than the plate and then there was a hidden smaller one under it !!! We also had the Big nasty ..mmm mmm good ! Come hungry !! For a little while you feel like your back home in good o'l Texas ...
5	Great food and service here but parking is a bit of a pain. Hubby got the chicken fried steak, he said it was quit possibly the best he ever had. I got the chili, it was delicious even though no beans are added. I also got their coleslaw, that was delicious too. It was a bit noisy here not sure if it always is this way but the food was worth it. Our waitress Helen was the bomb! She has it going on, I would highly recommend sitting in her section!!
5	Very friendly staff, Steve has a great sense of humor. Get the chicken fried steak and you'll be in food-coma lol ... Try smaller portion try eggs bubba still super filling. Prices are just right too. LOVE IT!!!!!!
5	I kept reading about the chicken fried steak from here in various papers so of course, I had to come in here and order their infamous chicken fried steak. All the reviews were true to their word. The chicken fried steak is gigantic in portion smothered in country gravy served with mashed potatoes and corn. And of course, buttery biscuit. Well, I don't remember much after ingesting a quarter of the chicken fried steak cause my brain went into a food coma. I do remember doggie bagging still enough food for 3 meals, staggering to my car and driving home. Where I hope, once home, I took a nap.
5	If you like humongous portions amazing food, eat here. The CF Steak, CF Chicken, and (especially) CF Pork are amazing! The Prime Rib and Ribeye are also fantastic.
5	Living in New York city for so many years I would chuckle over tourists. Just standing abruptly in utter fascination, usually in the middle of the sidewalk, blocking commutes in Times Square. In the office we would chalk it up to visual overload. So when I walked into TEXAZ Grill and behaved similarly I laughed at myself. Opening the doors to this restaurant was unbelievable. Memorabilia from the Great State of Texas. Covers. Every. Square. Inch.  Neon lights greeted me.  "Texas!" (Also neon shapes of Texas were everywhere.) An old school juke box. Beer signs galore. Guitars hanging. A giant gull head. Horns. John Wayne behind the bar. "Happy Birthday Texas!" The best collection of inappropriate stickers *ever*. License plates of every state covered the bar. The collection has been cultivated over 28 years by the the owner and patrons. (Tip: When you go, feel free to bring stuff in!)Anyhoo, stuff. My eyeballs were full. Finally I made it to the bar and met Tammy. (A hoot who has worked here 18 years!) After inquiring where I was from, a peppy response, "Well, welcome to Texas!" (And so I fell in love with this place. Before food even factored into the equation.)ENTREESSo the food... A tad concerned there wouldn't be a healthy option to consume I was incredibly wrong. (Plenty of non-fried options!) The ribeye steak was to die for. (Perhaps the mashed potatoes with gravy were necessary to consume. But I just had to try them!) The meat was prepared to the exact pinkness level requested. I can't even describe the level of food happiness that transpired that night. The meat was just so tender. I had made the mistake of noshing on the spicy hot peanuts available on the bar, as well as eating my way thru the delightfully prepared coleslaw that accompanied the meal.Amateur hour. Yes, definitely eat the coleslaw. It was flavorful and not too heavy in mayo. (Or try the salad with the blue cheese. Wonderful chunks of cheese.) But leave space for your meal!As I wasn't dining solo I had the opportunity to sample a burger. Holy bejeebers. This isn't a frou frou burger. This is a simply prepared burger, sans grease, on a beautiful bun with high quality meat. DESSERTWe earned a bread pudding! One second and I'll explain how. Tough decision as to what to pick but we went with the french bread in an egg custard with toasted pecans & raisins. Why? It was topped with a bourbon sauce! Dense and delicious. Served as described. Warm. Mmm mmm mmm! Biggest scoop of ice cream too!CLEAN PLATE CLUBClean you plate at lunch and get one punch. Two punches for dinner. EIGHT punches equals ONE dessert! How sweet is that? :)HHMon-Thur 3-6pm1/2 bottled beerWine by the glassAll well drinksAs they say there "It doesn't get any better kids!"We loved sitting at the bar for dinner! Great experience!
3	I visited the Texaz Grill yesterday with some friends of mine following a funeral for their infant grandson. We badly needed a break and a place to just sit down, eat, and talk about something else.When we first entered, the hostess, a blonde older lady, already had a crappy attitude. We'd come in two cars and there was a little confusion about whether my friend's husband and son were already there. The hostess was very snippy with my friend, I suspect because my friend is a larger lady. We let it go.Brisket sandwiches and some catfish: flippin' awesome. Our actual waitress was nice enough, thankfully. Desserts were consumed in spite of being stuffed from the nice entrees.When we finished we sat a bit and talked. The hostess approached and brought a bag for the leftover boxes. It was clear she wanted us OUT. My friend asked for water and the hostess said hotly, "To GO?" My friend said no, and that hostess was preeeeetty huffy about it. I don't know if she's the owner's wife, or what, but someone who thinks she can behave that way to customers needs to be spoken to.
2	After reading all the reviews on this page I made the decision to have dinner here on Saturday with my husband. We were both very excited, my husband loves chicken fried steak and although money is a little tight we wanted to splurge a little for date night. It was busy but we got seated right away and knew within minutes what we wanted to order. We started off with a bowl of chili to share. The chili was very good, with lots of meat and had great flavor. The side salad that accompanied was fine too. Our server was very friendly and attentive. Now on to the main course, and this is where I have to say we were very disappointed. My husband had the chicken fried steak, and yes it was definitely huge, however there was no flavor to it whatsoever. Even the gravy tasted of flour and not much else. A little seasoning (salt & pepper) would have gone a long way. I had the grilled pork chops and mashed potatoes. The pork chops were a little dry, and again under-seasoned, the mashed potatoes were ok, but I could see what my husband was talking about on the gravy. We so wanted this to be a great experience for us but the food just missed the mark. My husband did want to tell the server about it, but I'm always too self-conscious about making a complaint that I begged him to let it go.
5	Let me start this review by saying that I am a huge fan of TEXAZ Grill.  I have been enjoying their CFS since they were Lone Star (over 20 years).  My wife and I stopped in this past Saturday (03/22/2014) for an early lunch.  We were immediately "greeted and seated".Our server came by for our drink order and I also ordered a cup of the "Sopa de Fidello" (my main reason for this visit).  The soup came and was very, very good.   I normally get a cup of their wonderful chili, but I really wanted to try this soup after reading the description on line.  I wasn't disappointed in the least.  Chunks of ham, vegetables, and the video noodles; all in a spicy, savory broth.  I would love a big bowl of this soup and some wonderful chewy, crusty bread on a cold winters night (yes, I know I'm in Phoenix, but I can dream...).Both my wife and I had a salad w/ the house dressing and the lunch sized Chicken Fried Steak.  I love the house dressing at TEXAZ.  My wife (a former ranch dressing girl) now orders the house dressing, it's so good. The salad is evenly coated w/ dressing, and there is never a glob of it on the plate when you're done.What can I say about the CFS, that hasn't been said many times before...it was perfect as usual.  The CFS came w/ mashed potatoes, corn, and a biscuit.  The steaks were hanging over the sides of the plate.  Fresh, hot and perfectly seasoned.  I have tried this dish at other restaurants, only to be disappointed w/ the food. I didn't get the name of our server, but she was great.  She came and checked on us regularly and was pleasant and quick w/ the tea refills.Yet another great meal at one of my favorite restaurants...I think there are many restaurants here in the valley that could learn something from TEXAZ and their longevity here in a place known for "here today and gone tomorrow".Quality and consistency.  Start w/ quality ingredients and quality people; and keep it consistent.
4	I've wanted to visit Texaz Grill for months, and after showing my husband the Check Please, Arizona episode, he was gung ho to go, too. The parking is a big pain. We were lucky enough to get a spot in the back after a minute's wait (otherwise it would have been very hard to get out of there). But once we were inside, the food was exactly as promised. We started with a side of fried okra. Yum. Awesome breading, everything fresh and hot.My husband ordered the lunch version of chicken-fried steak. He was in heaven. I tried a small bite. I'm not usually a fan of chicken fried steak, but it was fabulous.My options were a little limited because I can't do really heavy fried stuff. I had the Dallas Tacos. They were good. Nothing spectacular but still satisfying. Let's face it--no one is coming here for tacos! Check out the Yelp photo gallery to see my plate.I usually don't do dessert out, but bread pudding is my Kryptonite. Too many people on Yelp praised this dessert dish, and with reason. My word. The bread pudding was sweet, firm, and delicious. We ordered it with the scoop of ice cream, which ended up being HUGE. Texas-sized. The whiskey sauce on top is luscious.In the rare event that we're back in this part of Phoenix, we will definitely stop here. For the sake of our waistlines, it's probably a good thing it isn't closer...
5	OMG I had the Brisket sandwich for lunch and it was huge and fantastic, it's a pretty finely chopped brisket and I loved it! You also get a side of potatoes! My friend had the chicken fried steak but refused to share, it looked delicious though!!
5	This has been on my AZ bucket list for years and decided to drop by tonight for dinner with the family. From chatting it up with some of the regulars, to the "Texas Trivia" with the owner at our table. The food and the vibe here were absolutely wonderful. Will definitely be back again and again!
5	Great Sunday brunch with my lovely wife
3	After all our friends had told us to try out Texaz, we finally did. We both ordered, and it wasn't bad! What they forgot to mention to us was that they all had the chicken fried steaks and LOVED them. Guess we'll have to get that next time. Very friendly staff.
5	Have been coming here since 1995. The food is amazing!!! I have never had a bad experience.. LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE!
5	I really love Comfort Food sometimes!!  And this is AWESOME!  The Chicken Fried Steak, Mashed Potatoes, it is really all good!   And so comfortable inside, so much to look and such a nice change from all of the modern stainless stuff around.  Down home & Comfort food!   Oh and if you have them cook you up a  prime rib for a family get together!  Wow it's great!  :)
4	Best food ever! Get the chicken fried steak and the smoked prime rib! Peach cobbler is amazing too! The atmosphere and hospitality in here are great. Try the homemade titos vodka.
5	I have always driven past this place leaving from school and have always wanted to try it. Finally tonight I did and it was excellent. I went in and loved the atmosphere. Was greeted with a friendly smile by our waitress Nicole, who by the way is an incredible waitress. The service was impeccable, we never had to worry about our drinks being refilled, our food was out quickly, and everything was cooked to perfection. For the price, you can not beat the food. I was definitely pleasantly surprised and will be sure to come back here often. The place is great, the food was great, and Nicole was great. Thank you!
4	This is a really cool place but I really wish they had Lone Star. Love the Bock that's the only thing missing.
5	I had the lunch special, cermitas, it was phenomenal! One of the best bbq sandwiches I've had ever. The prices are great, especially for the amount of food served. Service was speedy & friendly.
5	I've always loved this place. Texas food is always good. I enjoy this place but just can't come here to often. TEXAZ is an unassuming place on the outside and settled in a very tight corner of the shopping center. Like I said very unassuming. Once you walk in then BOOM. It's like a time warp taking you back to Texas in the 1970's. Place is decorated with old pictures related to Texas, road signs, animal heads, caps, and old license places. Very interesting and very loud. Everyone talking, eating, and having a good time. We started out with our usual fries okra. This is the only place I can find fried okra in AZ. Nice change of pace. Love the okra. Nice and crisp. Love it. So I ordered their famous Chicken Fried Steak. They say it's the best in AZ and I can't disagree. All meals comes with a side salad. Salad doesn't look that appetizing but it's not bad. House dressing is pretty good. Anyways, the CFS comes with two huge pieces hanging off the plate smothered with gravy and comes with mash potatoes. Very crispy and fresh. Not greasy at all. Really good. Best in AZ hands down. Only problem is that it's too much food. I couldn't even come close to to finishing it. I saw two guys at a table across from us share an order of CFS. Very smart and would probably recommend sharing this huge meal. My wife ordered the Fried Catfish. Two large pieces of fish with a side of mash potatoes. Wife loved it. Not greasy at all. Fresh and moist but again a lot of food. So good. Everyone's ordering the CFS and fried catfish. There's a reason. My son ordered the prime rib regular cut. Really big piece of meat with a side of mash potatoes. My son really liked the prime rib. He's a fussy eater and he really like the prime rib. So when he likes it then I know it's really good. Looked juicy and fresh. We were stuffed with all this food. Packed up our leftovers but you can't leave this place without dessert. We shared the pecan pie. Oh my gosh. Your probably laughing right now but this is the best pecan pie. Had pecan pie from Texas and all over and this is the best I've had. It had a hard topping that most pecan pies don't have. A little chewy and not as sweet as most pecan pie. Crust is outstanding. Hands down yummy. So the food was really really good. The service was also outstanding. Once we sat down our server was there for our drunk orders. Food was brought to our table really fast and they cleaned off our dirty dishes very quickly. We also had our server and owner check on us to make sure everything is okay. Everyone makes you feel at home just like in Texas. So good food (aka little too much), good service, and good dessert. Enjoy and bring a wheel barrow to roll you out. It's that good.
5	Excellent food and very friendly service. Had a prime rib sandwhich that was very tasty and was a large portion. Fun atmosphere as well. I'll be in again... Soon!
4	Came here with a friend for a dinner meal. The service was fantastic and the portion sizes were large. Got the prime rib. Have had much better but it was not a bad meal at all. Delicious appetizers. Worth the price.
2	I have been going there since it was the Lonestar Steakhouse. I have also been to Texas and eaten at many a local diner. At one time the CFS at Texas Grill was not too shabby. Sorry to say it just isn't that good any more. Somewhere along the way somebody decided to skip any type of seasoning. As many other posts have noted, it is just flat out BLAND! The steak is actually too big for anyone's appetite but there's enough gravy for about a quarter of the serving. The breading is mushy with no flavor. I've had the real thing in Ft. Worth and let me tell ya...real Texas CFS breading is thick, seasoned and CRISPY! The gravy should not taste like wet flour. I suspect that somewhere along the way it was decided that they should cater to the senior crowd that can't handle anything seasoned or with flavor. After last week I must say it was my final visit in a 25 year span.
5	My husband and I went here last night for dinner. So amazing! The biscuits and dinner rolls were very delicious too. My husband got the chicken fried steak and I got chicken fried chicken. We both liked mine more, but his was good. The mashed potatoes and gravy are delicious and smothered in gravy...yum! We left room for pecan pie which was very good too. Left with lots to eat today for lunch. Our server Helena was great! Very warm and sweet...the place was very welcoming and homey. Will go back! Great comfort food!
5	went today for national fried chicken day absolutely amazing.  the largest chicken wings ever Kathy and I shared as a appetizer we only ate two because we also had lunch. briskets sandwich great ,rib eye mashed taters with gravy and corn superb. hope you keep the wings as a weekend thing thanks for a great experience always the best food and service
1	The difficulty of finding a place to park was the first problem we encountered at Texaz, but after circling the block we saw someone backing out, parked and went into the restaurant. The noise level was too high, but we had so much time invested already that we decided to stay. My salad consisted of a mountain of lettuce on a plate that was too small for it. As I ate, bits fell off my plate no matter how careful I was. I gleaned so many pieces of lettuce from the table and my lap that I built a little hillock. When the waitress came for the plate I quickly scooped up the pile with my hands and put it on top of the remainder of the lettuce on the little plate. She asked me if I wanted a box for my "salad."  Really. The lettuce mess was neither my fault nor hers, and I realize it is the server's job to clear the table, but it did happen on my watch so I would have felt churlish leaving it for her to clean up. She had liberally sown the floor with morsels of food fallen from over-filled plates being carried to diners, but least the hostess was constantly sweeping up the mess on the floor.After asking whether the rib eye or the New York would be the most tender I ordered the rib eye. When it came it took a monumental effort to cut it. I am strong, so I managed to hack off a couple of bites and finally complained that it was too tough. I was scolded for not ordering a filet in the first place and was asked if I would rather have that. It was a clumsy job of upselling, but I agreed to try one. As I waited for it to be cooked I couldn't keep from staring in morbid fascination at the ocean of gravy sloshing over the gunnel of the overfilled plate across from me. The so-called filet finally came and had the stringy texture of tenderized meat, not the buttery texture of a good filet, and it would have been a nice touch to comp me the difference between the rib eye and the filet, but I was charged the difference. The time to recommend the filet would have been when I first asked about tenderness, not after I had wrestled with the tough rib eye.Our visit to Texaz is not one we will repeat.PS Although we are seniors we would agree with the post below about the lack of seasoning. Some salt and a couple of squirts of Sriracha would work wonders.
5	The food is good, that's already been expressed. The service is amazing!!!! From the greeting, to bringing constant refills, to pleasing the children (nephew).  It's like going to a Deep South restaurant where the staff goes out of their way to make sure you're comfortable. It sounds cheesy, but I'll admit I was hesitant to go in this restaurant because it doesn't look friendly from the outside. So I guess my vibe reader was wrong. Oh- and great lemonade!
2	I was so excited to try this chicken fried steak - Not impressed at all - it was so soggy (like it had been pre-made and sitting out) it was beyond bland and I had to add so much salt/pepper to the gravy for any flavor.....I also sensed an "off flavor", kind of sweet, that didn't belong with CFS - only to get home to raging food poisoning within the hour.......Also, the catfish was also bland and flavorless. Place is so crowded, loud and a bit dingy.....Only reason it got 2 stars was because the service was nice and staff was very friendly.
4	Excellent service, fun atmosphere, friendly staff, food choices were enormous, food was plentiful and delicious.
5	Quite simply the best god damn chicken fried steak west of the Mississippi Rover.Side note the ice cold beer mugs make me feel like I have hands the size of Andre the Giant.
4	I love the food, but wish Restaurant Impossible would come in and completely re-decorate the inside. It's dark, dirty, crowded, and out dated. Get rid of everything off the walls.  Also the parking is a nightmare.
4	Great food, friendly staff.  Funky neighborhood bar with kickass chicken fried steak,  new York strip,  mashed potatoes.   Portions huge. It's a must go to.
5	BBQ Night - Thursdays - what can I say?  Go and get some!  SUPER tender spareribs slip right off the bone and into your mouth.  LEAN brisket with nary a piece of fat to be seen--which works great for me!  Imported Elgin, TX hot link--bona-fide, delicious, and not really all that hot.  But the KING is the prime rib.  Steve mentioned on "Check Please!" that this is the best thing on the menu.  He was not lying.  Definitely a tie for my first place with a few other dishes (can't get over the Chicken Fried Chicken or the Pecan Pie) . . . but, by itself, probably the best prime rib I have ever had.  Puts high-end steak restaurants to SHAME!  Soft, delicious, moist, smoky.  Melts in your mouth.  Definitely will be back soon after 4 PM for more Prime RIB!!!
2	Yeah, I just DONT get it. The service was fine and the prices are very reasonable, but this is in no way a "good" meal. It's inexpensive and the portions are mammoth, but that doesn't make a "good" chicken fried steak. If you are a quantity over quality person than yes... This is probably your place...
3	We came here after seeing this resturant on check please.  They did not have the rice balls which you only get on Sunday my wife and I thought that this was an ok restaurant here everything looked really good on Check Please but after we got there most of the things were really without a lot of flavor. The chicken fried steak and chicken fried chicken was very crispy but they didn't have much flavor. Our dinner mates felt the same way about the chicken and sides. Lots of food, but the flavor was lacking.
5	Being a Texas Native and foodie. This place is legit. Being my first time here thanks to a Yelp search for chicken fried steak this was on top of the list, I had to check it out. Seeing the decor on the wall I had to make a Texas License Plate donation because after two years of being here I finally caved in and registered my car in AZ and coincidentally had it in my trunk. This donation yielded the opportunity to meet Steve the owner. Steve was awesome we chatted about Tex-Mex food and life in Texas. It was delightful meeting him. Now on to the food. We ordered a dish on their daily special of biscuits topped with a chicken fried steak topped with eggs. This may sound weird but that's how you eat them in Texas. Food was killer. Steve was also generous in bringing us a sample of his BBQ brisket and mash potatoes. Again legit Texas style food. As BBQ competition person whose tasted some of the best BBQ in Texas I have to give two thumbs up, all the food had great flavor. And we even tried the cobbler topped with Bluebell ice cream. Which if it had anything other than Bluebell than that would be a sin. We will be back to try other menu items and next time go with a bigger appetite.
4	My husband has been hunting for a place where he could get chicken that he liked for years. He is crazy about the Chicken Fried Chicken here.  The gravy is wonderful, not pasty and paired with your choice of mashed potatoes or their own version of fries.  He loves the mashed potatoes.  I don't care for the fries. They're good tasting chunks of potato but don't resemble fries AT ALL.  Their burger is decent but the I don't like their club sandwiches.  They used good ingredients but instead of the traditional bread in layers its all just on a french roll bun.  Last time I got the Chicken Fried Chicken sandwich and enjoyed it.  Again the burger bun its on is sufficient but for a great piece of chicken like that better buns would help.  I loved the Bread Pudding in Whiskey Sauce for dessert.  We've always gotten the same waitress and have loved her.  She's pleasant, helpful and has a great attitude.
1	I'm into these long winded reviews...don't have the time.   This place is not any good.  Don't waist your money.
5	Although I'm new to Yelp I'm a Veteran at TexAz grill.  When I'm craving a CFS this is the only place to go in the Valley.  Heck the last time I even had Chicken and Dumplings and it was great as well.
5	Beefsteak Mexia - so now we have a version of the CFS which is topped with red sauce and longhorn cheese.  And the steak is almost the same size as the plate.  So delicious it can't be put into words.  Now I find myself in a real dilemma . . . which one takes first place as the "fave" chicken-fried-object???  Every time I think they've topped themselves here . . . they come up with something new.  Guess I'll just have to keep on coming back!  Thanks to all for continuing the top-notch food and service!!!PS:  the Pecan Pie slice is now 1/6th of the pie, rather than the 1/8th it was before.  Dear God in Heaven what a delicious dessert!!!  And more of it!!!  Back to the gym I go . . . . :)
5	We had the rib eye and the chicken fried steak. Both entrees were delicious, great flavor, cooked to perfection. You will not be disappointed!
2	We really wanted to love this place! But the service was so slow and the waitress was slightly preoccupied. Our good wasn't good-order the chili and it was terrible, they did remove it from the bill. The ribs were good though limited side options. Seems like a good spot for regulars and tebar looked the bar looked relaxing.
4	Because of the owner's handsome apology and offer of a meal on him I am upgrading the rating to a four. Anyone can make a mistake, but offering to correct it  shows the measure of the person.
4	Love this place.  Everything on the menu is great.   BUT,  they keep it too cold and windy in there.   The ceiling fans are set for winter instead of summer and you have to dine with cold air blowing on you and your meal.  Not good trying to enjoy the food while being made uncomfortable.
5	This place is AMAZING!! Best steak I have had in awhile, their chicken fried chicken is great and don't even get me started on their mashed potatoes and gravy!! You can't go wrong with anything here and their service is FABULOUS!!
5	In town on vacation liked the menu and good reviews. Small hometown place not big but homey. If I lived here I would e a regular. The waitress was one of my best ever. She always let you know what she was doing, the food out of this world. Smoked prime was the best ever and I love prime rib. My wife had chicken fried chicken and it was big and something you rarely see in this area. Great food, great service. I saw a complaint about sides etc. next time look at the menu. Great place for out of town or locals.
4	My co-worker took me to eat here let's just say I ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken and inhaled it....damn it was good!! Listen you're  are not coming here to order the salad and watch your calories so get over it and throw down on some good food! Plus it's easy on the pockets and you will for sure need a nap afterwards. Look forward to coming back to try more stuff off the menu!
5	Best ribeye in the valley.  Nice and greasy.  Just the way I like it.  The mashed potatoes and country gravy are incredible.  I could drink the gravy it is so good.  The pre-meal biscuit is good too.  I have been coming here for over ten years and the servers are the same.  They are very nice and get your food out quick.  This is my favorite place to go in Phoenix.
4	Great place, great food.  There are some slight drawbacks.  The parking spots here during lunch and dinner time are a bit hard to find.  The lighting inside is too dark at times.  The staff and service are exceptional though.
4	How have I never been here before? This restaurant is ridiculous. It is over the top, covered in Texas themed stuff, business cards covering the ceiling, and complete with Texas sized portions. I came here with my dad and his friend yesterday for lunch and was very impressed with this place. The lunch prices are a total steal, with most entrees costing 8$ and the portions big enough for two people. We split the (house specialty) chicken fried steak and a brisket sandwich. I don't know that I've ever had chicken fried steak before, and I don't know that I would ever have it again (the idea of frying steak just doesn't sit well with me.... if I'm gonna eat steak, I want to taste it), but this CFS was fairly good. The meat was surprisingly tender, the gravy was flavorful, the portion was obscenely large. It came with very tasty mashed potatoes, a biscuit, and some plain jane corn. The biscuit was good, but not the best in town. The real star of this place was the brisket. Ohhhh the brisket gods smile on this place for sure. Their brisket is super tender and the sauce they put on it was heavenly. I ate the brisket with a fork out of the bun because the bun just obscured the awesome brisket flavor, no need for it. I will definitely come back here for the brisket!
4	This place is fantastic all the food is served bigger than the table and just because the portions are huge there is no lack of flavor this place is great I felt like I was actually in Texas ... You have to try it if you want to know what a real country fried steak is.
5	TexAz Grill is the number one restaurant in the entire world.  Just go there everyday and order everything.  Then get coffee and desert. I love the dinner salad, it comes with always perfectly ripe tomatoes and green olives.  I order it with ranch, and add salt and pepper.  Holy cow it is good.  I like all the entrees and specials, order with beer, and chase with coffee, and peach cobbler.  Home run.  Must check this place.
5	Had the Chicken Fried Steak... Oh man talk about Yum!   This place does it right,  fast friendly service,  reasonable prices.. They have all the bases coveted and they been doing it a long  time.   It's difficult to please this critic but they did.
5	I love this place.  It's the best chicken fried steak EVER. Ask for Joey, she's the best server there!
4	The filet here is awesome at only $22 (with fries, a salad, and biscuits and bread). Additionally, there is great Texas stuff all over the walls, with a definite focus on the Big Bend (Marfa, Terlingua, etc.) and Gulf Coast regions. Good weeknight specials, but I have not tried weekend brunch yet. I've been here about 3 times. It's a real chicken fried steak kind of place, so don't bring a woman here unless she's into that kind of thing.
5	I am from Tx. so whenever I start feeling homesick or start craving a chicken fried steak we head to Texaz. We live in Gilbert so it is quite a drive for us but so worth it. The chicken fried steak is one of the best I have ever had, and the gravy is so yummy! My son always has the burger and loves it. Their chili is really good too. In fact everything we have ordered has been great. The servers have always been extremely nice. This is not a fancy place, so if that is what you are expecting keep looking. Just good food by good people.  Parking can be a pain but there is extra parking behind the building. Been several times and will definitely be back.
5	This review is coming from a gal who had never had chicken fried steak until middle age- because to me, it was one of the most unappealing looking cholesterol laden dishes on earth. Well, that changed when dear papa took me there for dinner after picking me up at the airport about 6 years ago. Since then,  I've been to Texaz one or two times a year and....still haven't tried anything except their chicken fried steak combo, always with a Shiner Bock Bohemian Black lager.  It's perfection. Eventually I'll try something else, but why tempt fate?
3	We heard great things from a coworker about this place.  We took the opportunity of being in Phoenix proper to swing by for dinner.  Service was friendly and reasonably efficient.  We ordered the chicken-fried steak and smoked prime rib.  We got the LAST piece of prime rib (it's limited every day, apparently).The smoked prime rib was a bit fatty, but the flavor was very good.  The chicken-fried steak seemed to be a lot more breading than steak.  Believe it or not Denny's has a better breading/steak ratio.  The breading itself didn't seem to have any flavor or seasoning to it.  Usually I go very light on the cream sauce when I order a chicken-fried steak, but here you need to go heavier to give it more flavor.  Now to be fair it was really good when I did that, but I think that was much more the sauce than the steak.  Which just seems wrong to me.  The sauce should enhance the flavor, not embody all the flavor.  That's why I can't bring myself to go to four stars.  I could have put the sauce on a piece of bread and probably gotten about the same flavor experience.Portions were pretty generous, and the sides were basic but good.
5	Omg if you want chicken fried steak then look no further! This is the standard for what chicken fried steak is to be! Don't expect foo foo gluten free menu items this is a true OG Texas style roadhouse food! I've been eating here since I was a kid and remember when it was LoneStar before the lame chain made them change the name but it didn't change the food! I recommend the chicken fried steak and if they aren't sold out on prime rib its a winner! Also on Tuesdays I hear the beef ribs are to die for but in all the years I've been eating there they are always sold out! I'll keep yall posted on that!
4	Texaz Grill never disappoints.  It's my boyfriends favorite and we went there for his birthday and had another great meal.  I like that they keep the menu simple and execute it very well.  I like that it's unapologetically a meat and potatoes place - if you're looking for a light meal, this is not the place to go.  The portions are generous, especially the famous CFS.  I really love the house salad.  I had the NY Strip - cooked perfectly.  I was also happy to see they have my new favorite vodka - Deep Eddy - on the drink menu.  I'm sure we'll definitely be back!
5	I had a steak sandwich and my husband had the burrito. I decided to get the mash potatoes and mushrooms on the side and they were delicious. The streak was very juicy and tender. I will be back and will probably try the chicken fried steak.
2	To be fair, this review is based only on the CFS, as we both had it. The best way to describe it is "Quantity over Quality. It is way, way WAY overrated.  We saw the chicken fried steak review in the Arizona Republic's annual Roundup of the best in Arizona and went to try it out. The CFS is itself pretty ordinary, but then, how good can CFS be? Is a pretty simple dish made from a cheap cut of meat. The accompanying mashed potatoes were just okay. I must say that the coleslaw is the best I've ever had. The portions are over the top gigantic. There is no way a normal person can eat this meal: for $14 you get two absolutely enormous pieces of meat covered in breading and smothered in cream gravy. As a result, there was a lot of waste-we paid attention, and didn't see a single person come close to finishing their meal. Of course, a lot of people then take it home, but warmed up chicken fried steak? Really? The waitress agreed that they serve way too much food-she said they often suggest to management just serving one piece of meat, But for some reason they don't, except for lunch. I guess they prefer to make their contribution to America's obesity problem.  We arrived 6PM  Friday night and had a short, 10 minute wait. They only take reservations for 6 or more.
5	This was my first visit to this restaurant. At first because the parking lot was very tight my initial thoughts were I'm not going to like this.  It was definitely worth the visit. Staff and food were great.  My family and I will definitely be back.  We tried the prime rib, and chicken fried steak.  Very tasty.
