4	5 stars for starting up a food truck and solid 3.5 for food. An exciting new addition to the Phoenix food truck scene. They made their Phoenix Public Market debut last night at the Wednesday evening market. They have a short but sweet menu that includes a Lumpia trio for $5, various combos of Grilled skewers of Pork, Chicken or combos that include skewers, lumpia and even chicken feet which range between $7-$10. All entrees are served with rice and pickled ginger "salad". They also offered chicken feet, chicken "ass", and a rare delicacy called balut (which if you finish you get free Lumpia on your next visit.) Deciding I wasn't feeling adventurous enough for the Balut I ordered the Lumpia trio. It was a rather popular selection that evening as others around me were ordering the same. They cook their Lumpia to order and after about a 5 min wait I received 3 HOT and crispy Lumpia. These were very good! and the dipping sauce made them better. Next time I hope to try the chicken "ass"...if this is anything like the Turkey tails you get at some Mexican Deli places I am down for trying these and I love the chicken feet at Chinese Dim Sum so I hope to try these next time.
5	Delicious food and super friendly owners.  Plus, what's not to love about more street food!
4	Sometimes you see stuff in Los Angeles and think it will never come to Phoenix and then it happens! At the Phoenix Farmer's market there is a whole gaggle of great food trucks and today I saw a new one, Hey Joe's Filipino food truck. I grew up in Hawaii and thus have eaten lots of great Philippino food and it is basically non-existent anywhere near me so wow, was I excited to see this food truck! I got the large mixed plate with lumpia (very good), bar-b-que pork (delicious), grilled chicken (comes on the bone, a bit of a shock but probably adds flavor), and then a scoop of rice and a large dab of green papaya salad, or someone noted it was pickled ginger salad (wow, that was good!) and...because I like living on the edge, a pair of grilled chicken feet (rather fatty, not a lot of meat, and frankly, they look like little human hands, I felt like a serial killer trying to eat them). I also went with the fresh coconut for $5 (eh, okay but ice tea would be good as well). I talked with the owner and said he had opened the truck because he could never find good Filipino food either and the truck has only been open a few weeks. Probably the best deal is they Hey Joe special with lumpia, grilled pork and grilled chicken, sans scary chicken feet, unless you really love that sort of thing. They even offer balut for $5 and i think if you finish it, it is free. A delicacy of the Philippines it consists of a soft cooked egg that has been partially gestated. i saw Andrew Zimmerman eat one on Bizarre Foods, on the travel channel but even for a food adventurer like me, yikes! Bottom line, some great food. I'm a big fan of the street food I've had in Asia (Hong Kong and Tokyo) so nice to see you can get some of it in the developing food truck industry out here in Phoenix. My only wish is that they look at offering Pancit noodles along with or instead of rice. Another great food of this sort of cuisine and maybe, some chicken and pork adobo.....mmmm! :-)
4	I finally got to try hey Joe and man am I happier than Charlie Sheen in Hooters! The menu is pretty short, but does the trick. They have multiple skewers like pork and chicken, lumpia, rie and a few other things. For the adventurous eater, they have "Adidas" (grilled chicken feet), Chicken Ass and Balut. We did the large combo that came with three pork skewers, 1 chicken skewer, 2 of the grilled chicken feet , 2 lumpia, rice and a green papaya salad. I also threw in an extra buck for the Chicken Ass. I have to say the Chicken Ass was to die for! it's pretty much like the little turkey tail, but has a small bone in the middle. All the skewers were good, I liked the chicken the best. I was also a fan of the chicken feet. The skin was perfectly crisp and the glaze was good. Overall the meal cost us 11 bucks, but my wife and daughter split it with me so it was perfect. I wasn't adventurous enough to try the balut, but I did toss em 5 bones for a young coconut to drink, which was great. Overall super happy I got to try this truck, I'll be hunting it down in the near future for sure!
4	Yummy, tender, well seasoned chicken, generously sized lumpia, and friendly owners- plus it is in a truck! How can you not like it? A Phillipino news crew was at the Phx Public Mkt  the other day filming them- they're that good.
4	Heard about this truck from The Meat Shop newsletter and went over today to check it out. The lumpia was the first thing I tried, it was exceptionally good. The BBQ flavor was really excellent on the pork and chicken skewers, I wanted to order more. Tried the chicken feet, flavor was good but they were cold in the center. Overall it was a great meal and I will be back again!.
5	Delicious! The Hey Joe Special is comprised of perfectly tender and moist chicken (served on the bone, slightly awkward/messy but really really perfectly done), beautifully seasoned pork, and lumpia for $8, along with a pinch of salad and a healthy scoop of rice for the sides. The lumpia were (was? i don't know Filipino food) crispy and savory - I'm glad I splashed the sweet/spicy sauce Brian recommended on them. The pork had an intriguing citrus flavor which I loved. The Hey Joe truck will be at 18th Ave & Deer Valley on Mondays from 11-1 for the foreseeable future (your best way to find them is to follow them at twitter.com/heyjoetruck), and I will be there w/ an appetite.
4	I have a more detailed review on my blog with pictures. cactusmangokitchen.blogspot.com In short, the prices are affordable, the service is quick & accommodating. I liked the coconut mungo dish, pork lumpia & atchara. They were out of their #5 which had the bbq pork & chicken...would love to try that if ever there is occasion to be in Phoenix...but, I don't think we'd go out of our way, just for Hey Joe's again. The banana-que was alright for me. I like mine sweeter encrusted with caramelized sugar. Hey Joe's is lightly caramelized. But we did eat four banana-que! It was cold out & the warmth of the banana-que's hit the spot. I also tried the Adidas/chicken feet. I liked the crispy skin, but just couldn't bring myself to eat the chewy sinews between the tiny bones. The atchara's crunchy, sweet/tangy coldness helped ease the Adidas experience.
4	Very good lechon kawali! It was great, tender, and fatty just like a good pork belly should be =9. But at $9 for the serving, it will leave you hungry for more.  Didn't try the other menu items which consisted of lumpia, bbq chicken etc. which I'm sure would be equally delicious. would be 5 stars if the money to food ratio was a tad better for a hungry dude.
5	Location was in front of Sleepy Dog Brewery and Saloon in Tempe, I had three different items from their menu.  A lumpia combo, Balut, and Lechon kawalki.(they add things to their menu sometimes)  Everything was awesome, the lumpia was fantastic, the lechon was so good after letting a buddy try some, he went and got his own.  It was a treat to find Balut as well.  I asked if they were serious and they were.. so I got one and it was good. If the Hey Joe truck is near by, I highly suggest you go and try a few things off their menu!
5	I went to the Phoenix Public Market specifically for the Hey Joe Filipino Food Truck and I was not disappointed. I ordered 1 bananaque (banana with carmelized sugar) and The Valley meal comprised of pancit (clear noodles, veggies, and small bits of chicken), rice, and 2 pieces of lumpia, all for $10. It's a good price for a good portion of Filipino food in downtown Phoenix! The lumpia was very crunchy and delicious, and the pancit is light, yet very appetizing. I was looking forward to the grilled chicken mentioned by several Yelp reviewers, but it wasn't on the menu, so I asked the owner, Brian, and he said that it gets too hot to grill on the side of the truck with the temperature hitting 100+ degrees in the summer. According to their website they're will be at the Phoenix Public Market on Wednesdays (4-8pm) and Saturdays (8-1pm). Next weekend I'll definitely come by and try out the other items on the menu!
3	Was really looking forward to trying out Hey Joe, but ended up a bit disappointed.They were at Sleepy Dog Brewery.  A nice fit as it allows you to wash it down with your beer.Service was friendly.  Order at the truck and they bring it to you inside the brewery.I had the pork belly (Lechon Kawali), which had been "slow cooked for 15 hours".  It was tender but very fatty.  It didn't have any knockout flavor, it was just fatty, slow-cooked pork.  It also wasn't a lot of food for $8.They didn't have the bananaque that other reviewers have mentioned.  At least I don't think so.  All they had for dessert (I asked)  was a banana deep fried in wonton with chocolate sauce on it.  It was good, not great.If I'm near the Hey Joe Filipino Food Truck in the future, I'll probably order something again.  But I won't go out of my way to eat at this truck again.
4	get a banana-que. bitches love banana-ques.
4	I had the chance to eat from the Hey Joe truck today when all the food trucks were up in Scottsdale at the Whole Foods Market on Raintree. I had the "Valley Dish" which was Pancit noodles, 2 lumpia,  and some rice. The dish was yummy... and it was a treat to have Fillipino food for lunch up in Scottsdale. The dish was $8 bucks. I think it was fair for the portion. I look forward to eating from the Hey Joe truck again when I can make it down to the Phoenix Market.
4	This place is pretty good. Prices seem a little high, but you get a good amount of food. I like the i think its called the "valley plate" or something like that. Its pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice. Good stuff 8 dollars. If they happen to be at a place i am at i will stop by (like Glendale Glitters) or Wednesday farmers market downtown
5	GREAT! Had their food in the Whole Foods truck lunch. Honestly never had Filipino food before. I got a sort of lentil mix over rice. It blew me away! So great, and so many unique flavors. Also, their chili sauce is amazing. Another pleasant surprise was that they had Mexican coke with real sugar, nice!Service was very friendly, only wish they'd open a shop near me!
5	After living in the SF Bay Area for 14 years I was surprised to learn that there were very few Filipino restaurants in PHX.  Hey Joe does a nice job of getting around the Valley to make it feel like you can easily get this cuisine.  Fresh, young coconut, lumpia and skewers of chicken and pork are all I need for a great meal.  The truck delivers on that very well.  The clean truck and presentation are also appreciated by me.I completely recommend Hey Joe and hope you'll help keep this truck running to events and brewery stops!
5	Their food was GREAT! I had the pancit, lumpia, and that purple rice! The price was not bad for the amount of food that they gave you!Even though they had a very long line they were still very fast with service!
5	I really enjoyed my lunch from Hey Joes.  I had the valley plate. Lumpia had alot of flavor, pancit was good.  I had the coconut and it was fantastic.  Really fresh and young, water was great, meat was very tender.  Great lunch!  Portions were plenty too for $8.
4	I'm an amateur when it comes to food trucks but my friend took me a spot that had 10 trucks parked for a weekday lunch. I chose to eat Filipino food and it was really good. The price is on the high side for it not being a sit down restaurant.  I had the pancit noodles and the lumpia and they were delicious. If you enjoy good Filipino food or you've never tried it, this is a good place to go.
2	$7 for a small Styrofoam bowl of bland white mush atop rice.  Can you tell I am less than thrilled and my negativity only grows with my hunger just 2 hours after my "meal."It was another food truck Friday in down town Phoenix, the number of trucks grew since last year and Hey Joe was one the new ones to me.  From glazing at the menu the only veggie option was the Vegan Mungo for $7 so I went for it.  It came in a small white Styrofoam bowl, looking anemic, like babaganoush with a few leaves of spinach.  I was hoping for more flavor, but it was not there. The texture was like a Indian lentil dish.Why was this $7 it should have been 3.50 at most. Sure it came from a truck with modern graphics on it, this does not mean it is instantly gold. Trucks may be trendy but so far the food quality has yet to impress me.
4	After getting a taste of Hey Joe!  at the first food truck event I was planning when I could check out the full menu.I was able to catch up with the truck during first Friday and boy am I glad I did.Being new to Filipino food the menu was intriguing and maybe a little intimidating.   The menu item which listed pork belly fat under the name was a clear winner for me.  The guys at the truck were incredibly helpful, letting me know which of their delicious sauces would go best with me meal.  They were great.The food.  Yum.  I mean, can pork ever be bad?  That pork fat coated the inside of my mouth, and thankfully I could taste it long after the plastic fork was  tossed in the trash can.  Not something I can indulge in often, but the lasting memory will keep me going for awhile.  And I will definitely be back to try some of their more artery friendly options!
4	LUMPIAS!Find this truck and order the lumpias. They're freaking delicious.
5	You down sisig? Yeah, you know me!The sisig [pork jowls, ears and liver] from Hey Joe! is as good as it gets.They serve it on a hot sizzling plate and crack an egg over it.  It's served with a side of rice for $9.The presentation itself was pretty awesome being that it came from a truck.I'd highly recommend this truck if you're down with sisig!
1	Not much food for $8.00... Pork belly was all fat no flavor
5	I was in Phoenix for a week for a parking tradeshow (yeah, it's pretty serious). My company rented a house on the corner of 6th and Roosevelt, so of course I saw Hey Joe! and had to go. OMG!!! I got the pancit and lumpia combo... I 'bout died it was soooooo friggin' good. It was the best lumpia I'd had since a Filipino friend had made me a whole bunch to freeze. The pancit was seasoned perfectly. PERFECT AMOUNT OF FOOD!!! And the guys behind the counter... THE BOMB!!! Found out it's a small world after all after speaking with them a bit. Can't wait to take my girlfriend to Phoenix and share this NoRoach-coach food.-Black girl in the white wide brimmed hat :-)
5	Love, love, love!  My first food truck rally & I definitely was a winner when I tried Hey Joe!  Lumpia was delish...just amazing food, perfect portions, great flavor, 100% satisfied!  Can't wait to try again!
4	Love this food truck....braised deep fried pork belly...mmmm...the rice was good...lumpia was tasty look forward to trying out everything on the menu..
4	On a recent trip back to phoenix with a friend I was talked into trying Hey Joe! I used to work right downtown on Central and McDowell so I already knew all about the food trucks on fridays, but I was really excited to try something brand new and different. We walked right up and I wanted to opt for the chicken, however once again I was talked into a new experience to try the braised deep fried pork belly. I was a bit scared away but my friend was super excited for it, which made me excited even though it was 110 degrees out side (I LOVE IT THOUGH). Reasonably priced and the portion size was good enough for us to split to simply try something new but not for a full mean. Hands down though it was really delicious I can not lie about it. A great combination of whatever they deep fried it in with rice and delicious sauces on top. Obviously not healthy at all, but we were on a mini vacation so we deserved it :)Of all the food trucks down there that I have had this one by far is the winner.
4	Tried out Hey Joe at the Wednesday night food truck gathering downtown. I ordered the lumpia (eggrolls) and devoured everything in the little white tray. The order of three eggrolls came with rice and some kind of pickled carrots or something. I don't actually know what it was I just know that I liked it! The cool slaw was a nice contrast to the (very) hot eggrolls. Hint - resist the urge to just dig in. Let them cool off before you bite in or you'll burn your tongue.The lumpia was crunchy, greasy and yummy - just the way an eggroll should be. It's a little pricey, but it's a food truck so it's quality food and I;m okay paying a little more for better quality. I would totally go back and try some of the other items.
3	I had yet to have tried this truck on Food Truck Friday and the line was short so I stepped on up.It's Philipino food which I had never had before and I wasn't sure what to order so I just said a word that I hoped was right. Turns out I got the pork egg rolls. I overheard another patron say they were good for Philipino food beginners. Perfect!The lady in the truck was very sweet. I paid $8 for 3 pork egg rolls, scoop of rice, some stringy things, and a bottled Coke. Average price for Food Truck Friday. I enjoyed the rolls though. They were steaming hot but the pork inside was delicious. The outside was very crunchy and flakey. I adored it!
4	I can't believe I hadn't given Hey Joe a try before today.... It was very very good! I can pretty much sum it up in two words....pork.....belly. Seriously. My brother and I shared the plate with the pancit and lumpia and....of course...the pork belly. The lumpia was good, crunchy and flavorful, but it was all about the pork belly. It was juicy, crunchy, soft and falling apart, and super flavorful. Also, it only costs 8.50. Pretty amazing deal. I would definitely go back!
5	One of my fondest memories as a child is traveling to Alameda to visit my great-grandparents, one of which was Filipino. The food! Yum!!! It had been years since either my mom or I had Filipino food. We both moved to Arkansas 20+ years ago but I recently moved to the valley. The first time I came across Hey Joe was last Spring when my mom was in town and we visited the Old Town Scottsdale Farmer's Market. Pancit? Lumpia? I was beyond excited when I saw the truck. Yes, I get excited about good food.Everything was fabulous. I have since tried the breakfast dish which was absolutely delicious. Service is great, prices are wonderful. I will definitely be back.
5	I go to Food Truck Fridays quite a bit.  Lately I find myself ending up back at Hey Joe!.  The Chicken Adobo is really good.  Lumpia is good sized and delicious as well.  Make sure to get the sweet chili sauce to dip!  Friendly service and a clean truck with cool graphics.
4	Finally ran into Joe's truck at the First Fridays art walk in Phoenix.  Several food trucks and vendors on hand, but lets talk Filipino food.I tried the adobe chicken and Pancit and I was impressed.  Great Adobe chicken dish that put a  a $7 dent in the pocket.  It came with 2 pieces of chicken and rice on the bottom of the chicken.  The dish is on the smaller side so I am glad I ordered another dish.  The chicken is seasoned well and the skin holds most of the flavor, good thing you have plain rice just in case the sodium is overwhelming on the skin to even the flavor out.I also enjoyed the Pancit at $8 a dish and very large.  I would of enjoyed more meat in it, but the noodles and rice was overflowing the dish.  I did enjoy it, however my other taste testers and myself hinted at the slightly bland flavor.  Wish the dish had more flavor in it.  Going from the well seasoned adobe chicken to the more bland Pancit was a disappointment.  I will order the adobe chicken again and if I crave Pancit I would still order it here.  Especially if I was hungry, since the Pancit dish is a large portion of food.Other items on the menu is Lumpia and sugar cane Coke for $2 and waters for $1.  I am sure the Lumpia is great, but I did not have enough cash and stomach storage to sample 3 dishes.  If you see Joe's trucks and crave some Filipino food I am sure you will enjoy it.  It seems to be the closest Filipino food place in Arizona that I run into.
4	Saw the Hey Joe! food truck parked at the Mesa Arts Center food court for the Asian Festival and had to try it out!  I got the Lechon plate ($8.50), which included about 4 pieces of deep fried pork belly with crispy skin, a scoop of rice, and some pickled veggies (Carrots, radish, red bell pepper).  The order took a little time to be made, as there was a backup of orders from some customers wanting a lot of extras (Like 8 cups of soy sauce, or 6 to-go boxes for their plates), so the food wasn't out in quick time like I was expecting for a food truck.  The staff were very friendly though, and it's nice that they offer credit card for you to pay (No minimum order), and will send you your receipt through your e-mail.  The lechon was very rich and flavorful.  It had a mix of juicy pork and crispy skin from being deep fried.  Although they give you just a few pieces, it is a pretty heavy tasting dish, and it was nice to add the rice and vegetables as lighter sides to balance out the meat.  Although very tasty, the price was a little high, considering I can get a pound of lechon for the same price at Heavenly Bakeshop in Chandler.Overall, it's nice to see some more uncommon foods here in the Phoenix area such as Filipino cuisine, and I'd like to visit their food truck again to try some more dishes.
3	As far as service goes, this truck is awesome. Super nice and I got my food very quickly.As far as the food goes, I was expecting it to be a lot better. Maybe better is the wrong word, flavorful. I got the Adobo for my first foray w/ Hey Joe and I really wasnt impressed. The chicken was nice and moist, but it really lacked in flavor. Ill probably give them another shot, mainly because i want a do over on my now !st impression of Filipino food.
5	Have you tried Filipino Street food?  I hadn't either but I have a feeling these guys know what they are doing because I am addicted now.  No joke. Small menu choice, and they take their time, but food is hot, fresh and so good!Did I mention it's tasty?
1	Overpriced.  Does not remember customer loyalty.
5	Do you like Filipino food? Wait.. you don't know? You better ask Joe. He will tempt you taste buds with some amazing food. The lumpia was amazing (Almost as good as my aunt's). As of late I have been far to busy to get back to see the Hey Joe truck but as soon as I do have time I am there.
3	I would eat here again b/c their flavors are so spot on BUT I was pretty disappointed.. I ordered the rice noodle stir fry w/ chicken and garlic rice (cant remember the actual name). On the menu they had the name of the local farmer where the chicken was raised, a nice touch and another reason why I chose to ordered my dish. First off, those pieces of chicken they are so proud of are the size I feed to my Maltese, and less than the amount I would feed him too. The dish tasted awesome however it lacks protein to make it a complete meal because they skimp you on their farm fresh chicken. The spring rolls w/ sweet & sour sauce were great. It's just so disappointing that they skimp you on the good stuff for a dish probably has the lowest food cost on the menu. Left with a full stomach & happy palette, but overall disappointed in the experience.
4	Another Food Truck Thursday and my husband decided to try Hey Joe! He ordered the Pancit (rice noodles) and a lumpia (egg roll). I was lucky enough to get to try both items (by try I mean steal off his plate). The food was freshly made to order and came out quickly. The noodles were delicious with their saucy ways. Also the vegetables were delicious. My husband enjoyed the chicken it came with as well. I particularly enjoyed the lumpia - one of the better egg rolls I've had. Super crispy and tasty. Overall, I enjoyed their food and would try again.
4	I raced down to SkySong to grab lunch from the food trucks today during my break.Now, J isn't a fan of Filipino food.  And I never had an urge to try it.  BUT..when i saw that my only food truck option today was going to be either Hey Joe or standing in line behind 6+ people for SL (I love SL, but had to get back to work within 20 minutes), I figured this must be fate - Try Hey Joe!There were a few guys picking up their order and I asked what it was they had.  They told me it was Pancit, but it wasn't on the menu anymore.  I thought to myself...crap!  BUT, the gal said...we have one more order left.  It was meant to be!!  To tell you how good it is, I am still eating my order of Pancit while typing out this review.  It's that good, I couldn't wait to write about it!  Pancit - a rice style noodle, veggies (carrot, onion, bell peppers), and chicken.  A good deal of spice to it, but not overpowering.    Super tasty!
5	Lumpia, pork belly, everything Filipino and did you know they will do private parties as well.  They will pull up in your driveway and give your party THE BEST food, experience and fun.  Follow them on Facebook, go where the food trucks or go, or just have them over.  They are amazing, loving people, too.  Still not sure I'm ready to try the Pig Face...maybe next time.
5	I love these guys!! The food is great and the people running it are awesome!! Good folks and good Food!!
2	I don't know if it's because pork belly is relatively new to the food scene in Phoenix, but some local restaurants think they can get away calling what they serve "porkbelly" but in reality is just your standard pork butt or loin. That's the case with hey joe. False advertising is exactly what you get at this food truck that tries to sell off regular dark pork meat as pork belly. I bought the pork belly bun sandwich which again, not pork belly and even putting that aside there just was no flavor. I wish I would of doused it in Hot sauce. The bun was nice and the meat was cooked well but between no flavor and being served pork that wasn't pork belly I can't recommend this place to anyone.
2	Coming from a Filipino, I wasn't all that impressed.I usually head to the ASU Food Truck Block Party on Wednesdays to grab lunch with a couple coworkers. I had seen Hey Joe! there the past few times we had gone, but having grown up eating Filipino food with my dad's family, I was skeptical and gravitated to the other trucks. Since the Block Party has had more or less the same selection the past few weeks, I decided that this week I would finally give Hey Joe! a chance.I imagine that for many of their customers, Filipino food is a new thing. The food wasn't god awful, so I can see why many the untrained taste bud might be raving about this. "Filipino food! Sounds different!"I ordered the chicken adobo with rice, and a side of two lumpiang shanghai. Probably the most Filipino thing about my food was the fact that the "to-go" container consisted of two Dixie paper bowls covered in foil. The chicken adobo lacked that certain quintessential flavor that makes Filipinos everywhere crave it so much. The lumpia, or egg rolls as I wouldn't even call these real lumpia, had no pork, unlike most lumpiang shanghai, and the veggies inside left a bland taste. I did not receive any of the typical sweet chili sauce that you're supposed to eat lumpia with. I did receive a side of atchara, or pickled radish, with my lumpia, so at least they made an effort there.If you really want to try Filipino food, I recommend going to one of the many restaurants we have in the Phoenix area.
5	want a fast food that just melt in your mouth?joe's got it! quick service and friendly you cant hardly find that in phoenix.oh did i say its good service?
3	Filipino food in Phoenix?  Saw thus truck on some food channel and was excited to see that there was a food truck Friday.  I was pleased  with a decent sized serving of pancit with chunks if pork. But when you serve bihon you need to offer the lemon and patis, right? The super lumpia was a good concept but where's the meat?  It looked like Shanghai,  but missed the meat.  Also, I'd like the choice to have vinegar instead if thw chili sauce.  Hey Joe -take note.
2	Got to try this food truck at Food Truck Friday in Downtown Phoenix, AZ.  I don't know if I'm spoiled by Los Angeles Food Trucks and street food, but I was really unimpressed by all the trucks there, but Hey Joe! was a definite least favorite :(. I ordered the Chicken Adobo after reading good things in other reviews, but the dish that I got kind of tasted like something I would whip up quickly at home. The chicken was quite dry, and the whole dish was just kind of bland. The rice was cooked well, but it wasn't really that complicated of a dish but took a while to get to me and just wasn't that enjoyable.Maybe it was a bad day for the truck or they were just busy, but I wasn't impressed :(.
1	Chicken adobo is a SAD, SAD, SAD excuse for the dish.  After 6 of us tried it and repulsed in disappointment, I handed it back to the truck and didn't even ask for a refund.  The glass noodle dish was half-way decent, but really bland.  All in all, the "Filipino" food this truck slings out is garbage and unworthy of the title.  Tied for worst truck of the day at Street Eats AZ...AVOID!
5	Have had food from this truck a few times. Pancit - noodles with chicken & veggies is consistently yummy, always moist & tasty.  Chicken adobo is marinated chicken in soy vinegar over rice is my favorite, just the right sweet sour salty. Mongo vegan - lentils stew with spinach & ginger is served over rice, can taste all the flavors. Great Filipino food for the open-minded pallet.
