5	My discovery of the year. For the posterity, it was elected 2nd best resto in Canada by En Route Magazine for 2008.My love and I went to Le Local for my 1st anniversary and had a blast. We were looking for a hip place, with ambiance without being the fake merde of St-Laurent (you know, the really really expensive places where they hire models but forget to train them about service???), where we could enjoy creative food, without being broke for the next year to come.A friend recommended Le Local, and it's now my turn to recommend it to you. First of all, the place is absolutely gorgeous: high ceilings from an industrial past, terrace, stunning decor of wood, glass and steel, dimmed lights and an open kitchen concept. The service is also to mention: not the greatest I had (come on, what is the cost-benefit of offering a young friendly couple a free glass of wine when you know it's their first anniversary??) but our server was (cute) friendly, discrete, and very available. Then the food. I had the Burgundy Escargots cassolette, mild garlic gnocchi, shiitakes, braised shallots, bordelaise sauce and the (omg) Salmon tartare with truffle oil and fresh lime juice. The Tartare was the highlight of my life. I wanna go back right now. I'll go get myself a peanut butter toast meanwhile.
4	"Christine R" definitely saved the day for these tourists.  Le Local gave us a really nice romantic dinner on the edge of Old Montreal.  Although the food is on the expensive side Le Local provided us with a delicious meal and a fantastic atmosphere.You can easily make a reservation online, and I recommend that you get there early so that you can hang out in the bar for a bit.  They have a really spacious cocktail lounge up front with some outdoor seating.  After dessert you are close enough to the rest of Old Montreal that you can have a nice walk to the waterfront or Place Jacques Cartier.
4	Good portions, especially compared to the same type of establishment you'd find in NYC. On the pricey side, service was a bit slow on a Saturday night, but overall very romantic. Scallops with foie gras are highly recommended. Bring a flashlight for reading the menus, and of course your appetite.
4	Had a very good meal. The appetizers were both big (by french standards), but both nicely prepared - the beet salad was especially good, as was the tart with tomatoes and caramelized onions. For the mains, the pastured veal chop with buffalo mozzerella, fresh tomato and balsamic glaze was very good. The halibut was also very nice. Great room as well, although sit in the front room or outside, the back room was a little cut-off.
3	My girlfriends and I gathered here for a late dinner while visiting Montreal. I had requested on Open Table for a "good table," and the staff accommodated us nicely. The ambience is very lively and hip, with great music and perfect lighting.We started with a seared foie gras on gingerbread, which was A-MAZING. I can still taste that fatty goodness! Then I moved on to my entree, steak frites. My steak (which I ordered medium rare) was unevenly cooked, with nary the bloody goodness I expect from such a temperature. The frites were very tasty, albeit a bit soggy. My friend ordered the veal shank, which she said was overcooked, too. My other friend was totally digging the scallops dish she got, especially the puff pastry and chorizo bits.For dessert, we shared Le Brownie, which was the perfect piece of chocolate heaven. The meal had seemingly ended on a high note until we saw one of the young chef helpers MAKING OUT with his girlfriend in full view of all of us diners. I mean, really? Or am I being an American stick-in-the-mud? The intimacy was just a little TOO much...bit nauseating, actually.So.......they get 3 stars.
1	For the price...it really not worth it....the only positive pointis the wine waiter that was able to choose a very very good wine for the food that was totally normal.   Also, the service was very bad.  The waiter didn't know the chef special, it was long...  So DON'T go there unless you want to be ripped off.
2	Cool House music. Too bad I already have that in my Ipod. Salmon tartare, although slightly lacking in salmon flavor, was a good start. Balanced and well seasoned.My AAA grade strip loin however, was an overcooked and underseasoned mess. It was more medium well than medium rare. Why would you scorch such a nice piece of beef? And if you're going to charge an arm and a leg, season it correctly, please. Or put some salt on the table.Come here to be hip, I guess.
5	OMG!!! What a nite!!! We had so much fun and ate such good meals, this is just simply memorable!!! We had the escargots, the beats with fried egg, the fabulous and fantastic and extraordinaire foie gras poele as appetizer!!I had the Halibut for entree, it was just exquisite!!We met with the owner, elise la sommeliere, our server was jst simply the best, always caring, laughing, joking with us, he would hear us from 20ft away if we were mentioning something and would come back with an answer. And now I am forgetting everybody's name, we had way too much wine and cocktails that nite! We were drinking the CA wine Twelve Clones but I wasn't in such a bad shape that I couldn't taste the food. It's just that we were eating it seems like forever!! God it was good! I really can't wait to go back!! Woohoo!! As good as it gets!!!
3	Great atmosphere in a am area of old Montreal where you wouldn't expect a restaurant.  Great fois gras appetizer an steak frites (almost went for off menu special of filet mignon with torched food GRAS on top for the FG duo). Steak cooked perfectly and fries had good crisp. Lots of better restaurants in city but worth checking out for the eclectic menu and great location/atmosphere.
5	Wow!!  This place is so cool.   We had a group for dinner in the private dining room upstairs.  I had an amazing yellow beet salad with truffle oil followed by steak with potatoes gratin - cooked to perfection.  The cute servers took great care of us.Later a few of us went downstairs for some bubble at the bar.  This place has a killer wine list with prices that are completely fair.  I know wine is more affordable in Quebec than Vancouver so I shouldn't complain except that too many restaurants triple their wine mark-up and don't offer enough interesting choices in the affordable range.
5	Delicious! A delightful way to enjoy our first night in Montreal. This restaurant features all local and organic food. To start we had the local beef tartare and a layered cold appetizer of layered avocado, shrimp, smoked trout, whipped cream, port jelly, and fresh tomatoes. As if this wasn't enough, we each continued with our own entree - Ramzi had the guinea fowl and I had Atlantic Boston Cod. Our evening was very enjoyable in this restaurant of urban, cozy, and quaint ambiance with a touch of cool club music playing in the background. Check it out!
3	I ate at the bar here on a business dinner; I am not a sophisticated eater but the menu was too fancy for my tastes.  They also serve the smallest glasses of wine I have seen.  The decor was great but for the price, I would expect much more (especially when NYC is a 1.5hr flight away).  My veal burger and glass of wine came to $40 pre tax and tip.
2	Tourists love this place. Most Montrealers think this place is average at best, unless you're a little bimbo who thinks you're participating in some "scene" by being there. The food is pretty good but the experience is ruined by idiot waiters making $5 an hour who treat the patrons like garbage, crowding them at the bar, ignoring them, and then berating them when they try to select the appropriate bottle of wine. Which, I might add, I don't think any waiter in there could ever afford on their salaries. Now I try not to judge a place on one visit unless it's really good, so I gave it another chance and went back a few months later. Same bullshit experience. Then again, a few months later, for someone's birthday. SAME thing. I was starting to think it was just me, until I asked around and most people have the same negative experience. It's a bit of a shame, really, because the chefs are talented and the decor is pretty. Too bad about the insecure waiters.
4	Great spot!Despite being seated in the front bar area which was far too loud... this was the perfect place for me to start integrating back into life in Montreal! I took a friend visiting from Toronto and we had a lovely meal... beet salad and salmon tartar to start. The beet salad was the clear winner - though be ready for the beets to be covered in cheese. For my main, I had the steak & fries. The plate was literally overflowing with food: fries, salad and a sizable piece of steak (almost like a tenderloin). It was all excellent but far too much food. My friend had the main-size version of the salmon tartar. I'd go with the appetizer if you love salmon tartar - and have something a bit more flavorful for your main.The service was attentive and flexible in English and French.We each had a glass of the Californian red - delicious.Will be back!
5	First time to Montreal and after 6 nights of various cuisines we were directed to Le Local for a "nice" Montreal meal. Nice hardly describes my exerience, Spectacular would be a better description.... Had dinner their two nights in a row... There meals are excellently prepared, and presented. The ingredients were FRESH, tuna cooked perfectly as was the portugese steak, pasta and salads.  The waiter staff were professional and knowledgable of their menu. I don't speak a word of french and was treated with courtesy, even with my lack of linguistic skill.We sat inside, mood was modern, good background music, a very pleasant atmosphere to drink nice wine and dine on superb food, this is what I was hoping for in Montreal food, the best meals on this trip by far.I can see where the "trendy set" would want to hang out here, I am far from one of those, I only want to eat at excellent places and have zero interest in "being seen"..... Do yourself a favor, when in Montreal and esepecially "old Montreal" dont pass this one by.
1	One word comes to mind - Pretentious.  If you want to know what going to Le Local feels like, pull out a few $20 bills, spread some butter on it and eat it.  Wash it down with some water and pretend you just drank a cocktail.It amazes me that this place has over 3 stars, especially after eating at various local restaurants in the area.  After a week of dining in and around Montreal (Vieux Montreal mostly) I can safely say this place is one of the most expensive places I visited and had the worst food overall.How do you screw up Poutine??  For those that don't know Poutine, it's a local favorite in Montreal, combining french fries with cheese curds, topped with delicious gravy.  And somehow Le Local found a way to screw up this simple recipe.My wife and I bought two drinks (a Mojito and a Martini) and they were both diluted to the point where it was hard to distinguish it from plain water. Oh, and they were $10+ each.  Needless to say, we didn't order another.Next up - the bread.  I rarely ever comment on bread, but it was so terrible I feel the need to warn others.  For a restaurant that charges as much as it does, having stale bread that tastes like you're chewing on someone else's gum is just unacceptable.  How about serving some freshly baked bread, preferably something with flavor?The only saving grace was the Veal Burger, which was pretty damn good.  Not good enough to warrant the price, but it was good.  I don't even remember what my wife ordered - it was some odd tasting fish that she didn't eat.Overall this was a giant skid mark in an otherwise splendid trip to Montreal.  Save your money and go somewhere else.  Anywhere else.  It's hard to find something that's worse.
4	Good food, good wine (selection and quality). The gnocci and beet salad are amazing. That said, it is a bit pricey considering all the other fantastic options for delicious food around Montreal...
5	I live in Montreal.  This is in my top 5 restaurants here.  Great food, great atmosphere and service!  On two occasions I've had groups of up to 12 with me and the service is fantastic.  They are very good at handling small or large tables.  The patio is also very nice, great part of town.
5	One of my favorite restaurant. Nice ambiance, food always amazing!
4	Tres bon restaurant. Super ambiance avec sa section bar a l'entree du resto. Pour les mordu du foie de veau, il faut absolument le commander. Tres bonne selection de vins avec une charmante sommeliere pour bien nous recommander le bon accompagnement des plats.
5	Great food and service. Modern and urban decor sure to please the young profesional crowd. Beef tartare and salmon were a treat!!The service was also excellent, very attentive yet discrete.
3	Hubby and I came on the rec of his old college buddy. There's a very "hip" atmosphere with impossibly good-looking staff. The food was good - especially the beet salad appetizer. For our main entrees, husband got the steak and I got the salmon tartar. I liked how you could choose to get a large salad as a side, a large fries, or a small salad AND fries. Nice touch. The accompanying wines were also lovely. It was a great place, but at the end, the $120 bill seemed steep for the type of food they were serving.
4	Very classy place. Made reservations with open table and got there right on time. The hostess was amazingly beautiful and sat us. The service was fast and friendly, and the food tasted very nice. Very expensive though, but at least they spoke decent English. I had the foie gras appetizer (entree), and the salmon tartare. I wouldn't say I was a big fan of the french delicacy of geese liver, the texture was awful, but it tasted good. It was a bit too slimy for me. The salmon was nice, but a little flavorless. Dirty martinis do not come with seedless olives, which is one of my biggest pet peeves. We ended up ordering a bottle of napa wine, and I can honestly tell you that it was marked up 500% because I've had the same wine in Napa at a fraction of the price, but we got to  overpay, so that allowed us to be snooty for the day.
3	While, probably not my favourite stop in Montreal. This place has many things going for it. First and foremost, it has a very nice wine list, including a few of my favourites from my time in California.  For this evening, a bottle of 09 Etude Pinot Noir was the weapon of choice. Second, seating, the vibe is wonderful, intimate, very cosy.As yelp should lead one to believe, the tartar is certainly a welcome, and pleasant app. Cleansing and fresh, it was a lovely start of the evening. This paired with the bread offering I was certainly awaiting more. My companion and I both opted the chef's special. A seared Sea Bass, accompanied local veggies, friend calamari, and octopus ink. Balanced and delectable.  As for desert, an Apricot, Peach, and Cream concoction. Topped with cornflakes, drizzled with a light foam. This was certainly the best dish I had here.  The contrast in texture and balanced sweetness was welcome and delightful.The biggest detractor that prevent this from being a solid 4 star location? The price point. The curve is a bit steep for what it is, and it lacks that "Special Sauce" to put it into the realm of demanding it's price tag.  However, given its proximity to my condo, I will undoubtedly revisit.
4	The atmosphere is great. The food was lovely as well. I'd definitely go back. The only strange thing about our experience was the bread. However, a strange phenomena in all restaurants that I've tried in north America and Europe: the customer is presented with a basket and is asked to choose a slice! Strange (and not in a quaint way)!
4	On a weekend getaway from the city, I went to Montreal to visit James, along with my parents who were also visiting (who happened to stay in the same hotel, on the same floor, a happy turn of events). My parents usually pick the restaurant in the chosen destination BEFORE they even book flights or get a hotel, so the fact that they decided to drive up to Montreal before picking the restaurant meant only thing: serious google mode to find the best restaurants in the area.Some background info on my parents: come to one of our family meals and at breakfast, it's "what do you want for lunch... tomorrow?"; and at lunch, it's "so do you want an heirloom tomato salad or farmer's market corn for dinner?'; and at supper, my mom asks, "would you like lemon ricotta or blueberry pancakes for breakfast?" They love to eat. End of story. All that google research paid off. They found Le local and booked us dinner on Saturday night. We gobbled up solid great food that didn't take itself so easily. If there's a category of unsnobby casual food, Le Local would be on the list. For instance, my dad ordered the "dirty bombay sapphire martini" salmon tartar and out comes boozy marinated-salmon with two green olives on a toothpick stuck right in the center. It made me smile. Three perfectly puffy buckwheat blinis with salmon roe reigned in the silly factor with just the right amount of panache.Likewise, my mom ordered grilled organic salmon for her main course, complete with an array of garnishes, including a not-kidding-you, a whole head of Romaine lettuce split down the middle with a Caesar dressing and croutons. It was ridiculously impossible to eat of course without a second plate, but it gave me pause for thought: this place gives French-driven food a good rap. It's not fussy or over thought, but it still delivers on flavor. My menu options were equally delicious. Having never given vegetarianism a day's thought, I ordered two hits: the Canadian beef carpaccio (with truffled, salted herb tapenade, peppery arugula) followed by milk-fed calf liver with a whole grain mustard mashed potatoes and crisp haricot verts. My food was nicely seasoned, hot, and cooked well (although I might prefer medium rare liver next time). As for James, he was quite happy with his choices and pleasantly surprised with his baby rack of lamb.All in all, excellent meal. Good friendly service, not too loud, comfortable open kitchen seating, worth visiting Le Local even if you are one... a local that is.
4	From the outside you wouldn't realize how big Le Local is.  It's very obscure looking, but it was a treat to eat here.The atmosphere suggests a very trendy place.  However, you see a wide range of different types of people eating there.  The music is definitely techno, so if you can't stand that sort of music then it could be a problem.There is an extensive wine list so be prepared to have to choose! For food, I ended up getting the beef liver with beans and grainy mustard mashed potatoes.  The liver was accompanied with a shallot marmalade.  The mashed potatoes were extremely good and mustard add a different dimension to the taste.  The liver was cooked pretty good, slightly tough in a couple areas but overall nicely done.  Liver is something that you either like or don't like cause it has a metallic taste to it, but if you are a fan of liver this was worth it.My only gripe is that it is a little too dark inside for my tastes, but that adds to the hip and trendy vibe to the place I guess.
5	Great food and swank setting.
4	4.5 stars.So it probably helps when you have a friend's uncle who happens to be a millionaire that is paying for the entire meal, i.e. getting to order whatever appetizer, entree, and dessert I want without worrying about the cost and having some damn nice wine, dessert wine, and digestif along with it. That being said, the quality of food was excellent.  I got the a foie gras dish for the appetizer, a calf liver dish for the entree, and a deconstructed peach thing for dessert - none disappointed.  And though I wasn't paying for the meal, I still did look at the price of the food and it seemed fairly reasonable for what I was getting. Service was attentive and the sommelier was knowledgeable as well.
4	We went to Le Local on the advice of the internet, and it was a great find. The atmosphere is just about anything you want. There seem to be three large spaces with different vibes going on in each room. You enter into a bar/lounge space, walk through a separate dining area that looks into the open kitchen and finally there's a quieter dining room in the back. We sat in the back, which worked out well for us.The food is really quite good. We started with cocktails and appetizers, which ended up being the highlight of the meal. We shared the beef tartare which was very well done and delicious. But the real winner was the beet salad. Beets seem to be everywhere these days, but this dish was amazing. Obviously, we didn't try everything on the menu, but the beets are not to be missed.After that, we had the arctic char which was good but not mind-blowing. The scallops were very good. A great blend of flavors and textures.All in all, it was a fun night and a great, random find on our trip to Montreal.
5	My boyfriend and I serious foodies and I had the best meal of my life here! I would seriously make the 5 hour cross country trip to Canada just for their chicken. It was AMAZING
5	Delicious from start to finish!!  We searched Open Table for reservations, but there were none for our desired time, so we called Le Local and they were able to fit us in for our time.  Started off with the beet salad which was amaaazing.  I'm a fan of anything goat cheese or truffle oil, and this did not disappoint!  Great flavors!  For the main, I had one of the fish dishes (the one with bacon and risotto) to try something different and it was great as well.  Finally, shared the pot de creme (not sure of the official French title) and the pumpkin cheesecake.  Wow.  I highly recommend all of the above.  The others I was with also loved all of their dishes.  I don't think you can go wrong!I'm not familiar with Montreal, but it's in an area under development / construction and there didn't seem to be much around.  But that made the street parking easier.  The inside is very modern / industrial.  Great ambience, too.I highly recommend for anyone in the area!!!
4	Great local cuisine done right
5	We loved it. My husband had the salmon and I had the halibut. Everything was outstanding and service pleasant and attentive. Our waiter smelled really good as well:-)
1	This is a difficult review to write because the food was actually very good, really, exceptional given the price.  The problem was the service, which was unprofessional, sloppy, and generally disappointing:  it takes a special type of bad service to overshadow such good food, but Le Local nailed it.  First, it was *insanely* slow.  Two and a half hours to get two courses is just nuts.  I am sure there are tables that like to linger, but it is really brutal to sit there for more than an hour after finishing your appetizers waiting for a main course.  Among other things, we were hungry.  There is just no excuse to completely ignore a table for that long.Second, and massively compounding the first problem, we had to ask repeatedly when anyone ordered a drink.  Setting aside that this was irritating, it was also strange:  Le Local easily lost out on $100+ of high margin revenue from a single four-top simply because it was difficult to order drinks and the drinks didn't come when ordered.  (And I should be clear, no one had more than two drinks during the nearly three hours between the time we walked in the door and the time we walked out.  It's not as if we were boozing it up.)Third, the waiter was kind of a jerk.  Two guys at the table (one in particular) were your basic steak and potatoes guys.  Sure, the one guy's questions about what food was were incredibly basic, but there was no need to be patronizing to him, which our waiter was.  And there was *zero* degree of attentiveness (although, in fairness, since we had no food at our table for most of the time we were there, I'm not sure what there was to attend to).  Fourth, the waiter omitted key information.  In particular, the medium rare steak was prepared exactly the way I like my steaks, which is to say it was really what most people think of as rare (red).  The problem is that it wasn't my steak, and the guy who ordered it wanted it cooked the way you usually think of medium rare (basically pink, with a tiny bit of red in the center).  You shouldn't  serve someone a red "medium rare" steak without mentioning it to them first.Bottom line:  the food is (extremely) good, but it's some of the worst service I've ever experienced.  Skip it.*******************************The above is offered with one quasi-caveat.  There are two tables in the dining room that are either amazing or terrible based on your group's preference, basically, they are right on top of the open kitchen, so you have to be okay with a bell getting rung in your ear periodically.  We were shown one of them:  I would have really liked the table, but everyone else in my group was uncomfortable with the set-up.  For that reason, they seated us in the lounge.  Maybe the service in the dining room would have been better.  (But if so, that still doesn't get them off the hook, with two tables that offer such an incredibly specific experience, a restaurant with any focus on the customer would have asked me if I wanted that table when they called to confirm my reservation.)
4	GREAT FOOD . . . slow service (hence only four stars). We loved the atmosphere and the menu was small but complete. A pork, beef, vegetarian, seafood, poultry choice for main entrees. The beet salad was amazing--very different from anything I have ever had. We also had salmon, duck, and halibut. Everyone was happy. The dessert sampler at the end of the meal is perfect!
4	The sommelier made very good recommendations on the wine.  The beef carpaccio was good, the duck leg was tender and the ravioli was excellent.  Overall solid, just wasn't blown away by anything.
4	This is clearly one of my favorite restaurants in Montreal. Ive been here twice. Once for my birthday and I took some clients for dinner. The atmosphere is lively and the food is simply amazing. Being that Ive gone twice and at diffferent times, my experiece was different, but nonetheless the food was great. If you must try a drink, please try the Tokyo Express. As an Entree I had the Flank Steak and Spicy Butter and it was cooked to perfection. On a busy night the service can be a bit slow, but with good company its worth the wait.
4	great date night before Christmas with excellent food and service, wine is pricey but for the location its expected. So try it with your loved one or impress a new date well worth the bucks.
5	Part of a large group in the private 2nd story room!  Service by Alex was impeccable. Each appetizer and entree was a treasure!  The homemade marshmallows for dessert was amazing!
4	I tried this place for the first time yesterday evening. Ambiance is definitely amazing there. Dimmed lights, big space and high ceiling creating Griffintown loft style through rough material and modern lines. Very cosy, at the same time, high-end.Norwegian trout gravlax appetizer was delicious and tasty. Served with potato salad, it was a good match. I loved the black cod as a main course. It was probably one of the best I had. Paired with roasted carrots, fried cipollini, salsify and spinach, black cod was soft textured and honey-soy glazed. Orgasmic. Service was fast and great on this wednesday eve.
3	The food and service was decent however the decor was so dated. I feel like I went back into the early 90's. They need a serious update.
5	Outstanding! Went for dinner with my boyfriend and everything about this restaurant is perfect.  The service was impeccable.  The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable.  He made suggestions from the menu and for cocktails--nothing disappointed. Now for the food.  My mouth is still watering just thinking about the meal.  We shared 2 apps and 2 mains.  For the starters we had the crab cake and the beef carpaccio salad.  The carpaccio melted in your mouth.  Easily the best carpaccio we have ever had.  For mains we had the steak and the salmon tartare.  Both were phenomenal, we cleared our plates.  The ambiance of the restaurant was warm and modern. Truly an outstanding dining experience. Highly recommended.
5	Le Local is awesome... my new favorite in Montreal for high end dining. The interior is bright and open, with high ceilings and natural light. The staff are on point, and the food is fantastic.In particular, the beef tartar and duck confit were delicious Recommended
5	Superb food and really good service. We had to wait quite a bit to get our food, but we were a fairly large group (10+) so I didn't mind. If you can't decide what to eat there, just go with the chef's choice, you won't regret it. The place is a bit pricey though.
5	Gorgeous decor and friendly staff. One of the best restaurant in Montreal, but hey, that's just my opinion. Had the beet salad and also the flank steak... Both were perfect. Waiter helped to pair drinks as well as helping my girlfriend out with her order. At night, the lights are nicely dimmed and the aura of the restaurant shines.
5	First let me say, I really want to give this restaurant 4 stars but I just can't - the service was just too good to deserve that kind of ranking. The waiter we had was really exceptional (and being a former waiter myself, I appreciate the difference between good service and bad). He was attentive, helpful, and even went so far as to open a special bottle so I could enjoy a wine by the glass no usually available and steer me away from some not so great wine choices that probably would have upped the bill a bit. The food was very good - the appetizers were great, including what could have been a very ordinary green salad. The beet salad with poached egg was done perfectly, with just the right balance of flavor. My wife said it was the best beet salad she'd ever had. The duck was excellent, perfectly prepared, though a little rich for my taste (which is why I didn't order it). The only disappointment was the steak, which was both somewhat on the small portion side, and unremarkable. Given the stellar service and pleasant decor, I expected something more from what admittedly was described as a more typical dish. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but just not as great as everything else at this restaurant. Next time, I'll give myself over to the chef more and only order from the specials menu. Seems like that's the way to go here.
4	My husband and I made a reservation based on a yelp review while on a weekend getaway yo Montreal. After spending a full day doing touristy things, this was a nice change of pace. The restaurant had an edgy vibe but was still warm and inviting. We were very tempted by the option to have a chefs creation at any course, but we decided to stick with the menu and ordered the duck and halibut. Both were artfully composed and delicious. I ended the night with another detailed dish, Chocolate and banana, which had a nice balance or flavors and textures. I would highly recommend this for a nice treat in Montreal!
2	Food, atmosphere and setting were lovely, but unfortunately service was shockingly disappointing. I don't care how 'busy your Friday is', if you don't have enough servers to serve tables, don't seat additional people. As someone who had a reservation, I was sad to receive the following service: It took 20 minutes to receive a menu and water, then 45 minutes to get our first drink. We eventually had to go order at the bar, because of the lack of service. Then, it took another 30 minutes to receive our appetizer and 45 minutes after that for our main course to arrive. We had ordered as soon as we possibly could after we arrived. The server was apologetic, which was kind, but that's simply not enough. We won't be returning.
5	Wow. One of the best meals I've had in a long time.Service was nice and attentive.  I don't speak French, but the waiter worked really hard to make sure I understood everything he said. Although I really should have brushed up on my French before going.Beautiful restaurant. Awesome decor that had a nice trendy industrial look, yet felt very comfortable. We brought our young child and we're treated very well. On to the food. It was the best I've had overall at a restaurant in a while.  We didn't order a bad dish. We split the octopus salad. Just do it, you won't be sorry. Had a fantastic grilled flavor and good balancing accompaniments. I had the duck leg. Sometimes I find duck too heavy, but this wasn't.  It was really good and again well balanced. My husband had steak tartar,  which he devoured quickly. We finished with a cheese plate and choco banana dessert. Dessert was a chocolate bourbon bread pudding with banana gelato. Again, great balance of sweet flavors without being disgustingly sweet.Cheese was really awesome. My husband said the blue was incredible.  He usually shares everything with me, but only gave me a bite of it because he liked it so much.With tip. This included two drinks as well. So reasonable. Don't wait to go. Just go!
5	My boyfriend and I visited Montreal for a couple days to celebrate our anniversary and his birthday. We chose Le Local for dinner our last night for 2 reasons: great Yelp ratings and reviews, and its late hours (on a Sunday!). Boy, we were not disappointed! The restaurant is snugged in a quaint small area of Old Montreal near a couple of other small mom and pops restaurants. Our server was not only hilarious, but fantastic. He recommended the halibut for myself, and tartare for my boyfriend. We both were very pleased with our meals. The lobster roll appetizer was also very delicious. In addition, our waiter also asked us what brought us to Montreal and my boyfriend briefly mentioned it was our anniversary and I (very subtly) mentioned it was also his birthday the night before. Although it was close to closing time, we were not rushed at all. After our meals, we awaited our checks and to our surprise, our server brought out an array of cute little dessert treats placed on a cute wooden cutting board with sparklers in regards to my boyfriend's birthday. We were both so pleasantly shocked! What great service this man provided us! We won't forget this place. Overall, the food was fantastic and the service was truly exceptional. Highly recommend!
4	While spending an extended weekend stay in Montreal, a group if us ( eleven ) decided to have dinner here at the recommendation of our hotel concierge. We were seated in a semi-private room which was perfect for the birthday celebration we had planned. Our server, Harold, was great. I am sure it is tough walking into a huge group of gay guys who are intent on drinking a lot and having fun. Harold warmed up to us quickly and made our dining experience fantastic. Not only was he professional and highly efficient, he was able to handle us with a sense of humor and made us feel welcomed. The food was delicious as well as beautifully presented. I highly recommend the warm beet salad, I love beets but have never had a salad like this  . . . amazing ! The beef entree for two, can actually feed at least three, if not four, depending upon how hungry you are. I will always stop here when I am in Montreal!
5	The food is realllly good. Its service is amazing and the chef's creations are always changing which makes me always wanna go back !!! The ambience is so nice and romantic and the only thing though is missing in my opinion is a little bit of music. What I like about the place is you get to watch the kitchen and the chef's cooking and it so pleasant and entertaining. I loved every bit of my evening there and is definitely a place i want to go back to especially in winter!
5	When my mom came to visit me in Montreal we went to Le Local for my birthday and it was one of the most amazing meals of my life! It wouldn't be a place that I could afford to go very often, but when my parents want to treat me to a great meal, this is always my first choice.I made some excellent meal choices, I would highly suggest the grilled octopus salad, the duck leg confit, and the banane et chocolat to finish it off. It was a lovely meal, and we were so lucky to enjoy it on the beautiful terrace as the sun set! Everything was cooked to perfection, and it is an excellent place for adventurous eaters because the menu is quite extravagant.
4	Great ambiance, nice service. Canard comfilt is highly recommended, but dessert could be skipped.
1	We had to wait 30 min Eventhough we had a reservation. The steak was over cooked and black color. Was very upset about food and services.
5	Let me set the scene: We had just arrived in the city, hungry, rain-soaked, and wandering down a deserted street in the middle of nowhere because Yelp told us to. Our expectations were, understandably, low. Then a cheerful hostess seated us at her last available table. And we remembered why life is worth living.The repurposed interior of Le Local is a perfect reflection of the restaurant as a whole. The crowd is well-dressed and sophisticated, but a sense of relaxed enjoyment puts you at ease. It's the kind of place that has a great wine list, but no one will blink an eye if you decide that what you really want is a bottle of cider to accompany your meal. (It turned out to be delightful.)The menu, divided into "classics" and "seasonal," was first-class deliciousness all the way. Particularly memorable were the divine ravioli with duck confit, and the flank steak. This is comforting, stick-to-your-ribs stuff, but done with terrific attention to detail. Even the plank of little mignardises at the end of the meal was thoughtfully presented (and happily consumed, even though we were, as you can imagine, full). Our server was charming but totally professional. What a welcoming place, and what a perfect introduction to Montreal!
4	I came here on a visit to Montreal for work. This is definitely a place that does not make you feel like a tourist. I am glad we found it! Their sweet cream onion soup on the appetizer list was delicious. I had the beef tartar which was also great. The reason I give this place 4 stars is because it did not overly impress me, the menu options were very limited 4-5 options for the entrees with 2-3 of them being raw dishes. I love to eat food, but would have liked to see more of a selection.
