5	If you need a reason to go to downtown Glendale, this is it.  A Touch of European will remind you of a small lunch spot in large urban cities surrounded by tall buildings even though it is in a small cottage in the middle of downtown Glendale.  The menu is mainly Polish, however it does have many other "touches" of Europe.  The tomato, basil, mozzarella sandwich melts in your mouth.  The cibatta bread is perfectly baked on site and the balsamic vinegar sauce is downright perfect.  I still have not been able to figure out how they make the sauce.  It is not your standard reduction.  Also try the stuffed cabbage.  Again, the food just melts in your mouth and is very filling as well.  There is patio seating as well as seating in doors.  On a nice day, I recommend sitting outside and enjoy the serene world of downtown Glendale.
5	This place is the definition of a mom and pop restaurant. Their whole family runs this place. They are very friendly and accommodating, they will take care you. Plus this is the only Polish food I've been able to locate, aside from Stanley's who specilizes in sausages. The restaurant is located on a quiet street in Downtown Glendale. There is a patio with trees towering overhead. It makes for a very peaceful lunch, and for a moment almost makes you forget you're in a blistering desert. They do have limited hours so make sure you call ahead of time. I have been here twice, and both times were excellent. My friend's mom (who is Polish) made me Pierogi when I was young, and ever since I've been hooked. I had both the potato and cheese and the meat Pierogi. Altough I prefer a little more butter and onion with my Pierogi they were still delicious and cooked perfectly. Next, I had to Golabki (stuffed cabbage) which was even better than the Pierogi. They were moist and filled with plenty of flavorful meat, and topped with a sweet and tangy tomato sauce. The Goulash is also amazing, but I can't go into detail on this one since I had it on my first visit. I highly recommend A Touch of European Cafe. I wish I didn't live so far from this place! Its rare that I get to fulfill my Polish cravings.
5	A quaint, little restaurant serving primarily Polish cuisine.  I tried their "chlodnik" soup (cold beet soup, similar to gazpacho), and stuffed cabbage ("golabki"), both of which were very tasty.  I was also offered a free sample of their 'cream of peanut' soup, also delicious, and shows you that these restaurateurs can get quite creative and beyond traditional Polish cooking.  They have quite the selection of entrees, sandwiches, desserts and beverages, including the Polish black currant juice, a definite must-try!They are only open for dinner on Thursdays and Fridays, and on other days it's just lunch, so be aware.  also, it's BYOB (beer/wine only).  There is plenty of free street parking right outside.  And the staff is very friendly and welcoming.  Will definitely visit again next time I am in the Phoenix area.
5	We go here every year during our annual jaunt to Glendale Glitters. It's owned by a very friendly Polish family that always make me smile. One year, one of the daughters had a fake baby and must have been "playing mommy" for a school class. It kept crying and the whole family kept taking turns rocking and feeding the baby while acting like nothing unusual was going on. I told you that make me smile! Every time I go there, I am sure to get the pierogi as it's not to be missed. But please don't go there during Glendale Glitters because it's so hard to get a table during the festivites and I really want to get a seat this time.
5	We went here last night it was so much fun.  The owners are a polish couple who keep the place very immaculate!  The atmosphere is fun .  I counted there are only about 7 tables in the entire restaurant but there is seating outside.  The meal starts out with some pumpernickel bread and butter which was very tasty.  We ordered the beet salad it was fresh and not over bearing when it comes to pickling.  For my dinner I ordered the house special which is sort of like a pot sticker with meat.  But they put a polish spin on it which had a butter sauce and bacon bits followed by sour cream.  She had the cabbage rolls which were very large.  The plate comes with three.  We shared our meals so we could get a taste of everything.  For dessert we had a tipple layer chocolate tart which had a chocolate cherry filling.  It was so gooooooooood!     The menu mostly consist of polish food.  Its a very neat place if you want authentic polish.  This was the first true polish meal I ever had and it was fantastic.  Prices were great for a Friday night.  Two drinks two meals a salad ,  bread and butter , and dessert came out to 30 bucks!  Cant beat that.  Plus the food was homemade.  The place itself is nestled in downtown Glendale its a little hard to find the first time but trust me its well worth it.  It almost feels like eating in someones house.  Very fun very different.  Try something new and go here.  And you also feel good because you just supported a local mom and pop business!
5	I am a regular customer.  I have been coming here for dinner at least once a week, and sometimes lunch, because the food and the service are so terrific.  It doesn't take long to feel like one of the family.The atmosphere is warm and fun. The portions are huge.  The food is simply delicious!Try the soups.  I sometimes have two.  If you are lucky they will have the roast pork and sauerkraut special.  Yum!  The cabbage rolls and the goulash are also great picks.And ask if they have "Mama's Apple Cake" when it comes time for dessert.  You won't be sorry unless you are trying to lose weight.They are only open for dinner a couple of nights a week and it varies by season so call ahead.   It's a small place, and very popular, so make a reservation if you want to be seated without a wait--even for lunch.
5	My wife and I ate at this place while visiting family. We saw it had great reviews and the locals liked it too so we tried it. It was definitely worth all the hype. It was delicious and seemed authentic since it was owned and run by a Polish family. When you ask customers there what's good, they say everything so it's sure to be great and it was!!! We tried the "My Big Fat Polish Sausage Sandwich" and one of their soup of the days which had spinach, carrots, and potatoes with a hard boiled egg. It was delicious.
4	If you are looking for some good old fashion Keilbasa and no ladies I am not talking about what is in my new set of pleaded pants.  I am talking about the great sandwiches at this hidden location in the old town Glendale.  The soups selection is great (the chicken dumplings are lovely) and the specials are always a delicacy, did I mention I can bring my own Scotch, bmos?  Classy!  For those of you that like your red wines you can definitely pull out that cork and make love.   Speaking of love that beautiful lady server always brings are great smile and service.  I brought my flute and was ready to make babies but while in the middle of my overture, I found out her husband made all that tasty food.  Well meantime folks come in for a great time for A Touch of European Cafe..  Stay Classy
5	This little Polish restaurant tucked in downtown Glendale is authentic and warm. I went for lunch and had the tomato, basil, and mozzarella sandwich, which was outstanding! Next time I go, I will try out some of the more "polish" dishes such as the sauerkraut and sausages.It is only open a few evenings a week for dinner but it is BYOB or bring your own wine..a hard to come by perk in most Glendale restaurants.
5	After reading the previous reviews, I don't feel I have much to add except that you MUST COME HERE!  The food is incredible.  I love the pierogies and blintzes are to die for.  This is seriously good food.
5	To experience Historic Downtown Glendale I'd put this little restaurant at the top of anyone's list.  Great homemade Polish food with a very inviting atmosphere.  This is a family run place at its best!Located on a quiet street in a row of older homes the uniqueness oozes from the inside and out.  It's very small inside with only about eight tables inside and maybe three outside.  So they don't serve to a vast amount of people.  With that said there is plenty of interaction to be had with the waitress.  Which is one of the main reasons to check this place out, she is great!  Make sure to call ahead to see what their hours are as they are not open at all times for lunch and dinner.  Quite expected for this type of place.  I know I'll be back and would suggest for anyone else to check it out as well if in the area.
5	Can't say more than what has already been said.  A warm, cozy place. With fresh, homemade food. I'm not polish, my husband is, and we both loved it. We'll be back soon.
5	I''m a local but find a trip to A touch of Europe cafe, ot be always friendly, warm and cozy.  The owner, Margaret,  has a delightful sense of humor and is a lot of fun.  Margaret's husband, Waldmore is a virtuoso in the kitchen.  I especially love his soups which change with the day and with the season.  His beet soup is superb although my wife can't get past the pink color.  What ever  you choose from the menu, you'll have picked a winner.  One of my wife's favorites is the egg salad sandwich.  In addition to the soups, a think the kielbasa is my favorite.
5	What a wonderful little place to have a birthday lunch.  I enjoyed everything about this place. The location, owners, and of course the homemade food.  We started with a Pierogi Platter (1 doz), three different types: potato-cheese with smoked kielbasa saute with onions, meat, and sauerkraut.  I love the meat and potato-cheese, not so much of the sauerkraut ones.  I ordered a smoked polish sausage on cibatta bread , so yummy!  As for my friends, they had a fresh mozzarella, basil & tomato on cibatta,  hunter stew, cabbage roll, and breaded chicken breast  cutlet & cheese on cibatta bread.  I will need to go back to try the cheese blintzes.  Another plus about this place was   B.Y.O.B. - (beer or wine only)..  This was certainly a hidden a gem in downtown Glendale!
4	Wonderful Wonderful Fun Place to have great homemade Polish food cooked and served by the family and eaten in the kitchen or out on the patio. The father husband chef butcher makes the juciest tenderest Kielbasa ever.  Full range of Polish Food--excepy no Kishka.And do not order the green beans if not fresh; ours were canned.
5	8 of us went on the Saturday afternoon to celebrate birthdays.  I called ahead for a reservation, I hear the place is small and gets packed.  I should have bought the GPS, but I thought I was going to use my sense to get there.  Circled a little and found out the street does not go through the Glendale library is in the way!  LOL!  We ordered 12 pierogi (mixed).  They are so so SO good.  We ordered sandwiches, sausages, cabbage wrapped something, etc...  Everything was so delicious!  Loved the atmosphere of the owners interacting with the customers.
4	Excellent service and a cute little place in historic Glendale. Beautiful little tree-lined street and a lively patio. I had the tomato mozarella sandwich and tomato noodle soup. Both were very good. I'll be back for lunch.
5	I love this place. I used to not be a big fan of polish food but then my Dad dragged me here and I've been hooked ever since. The Hunter's Stew and the Kielbasa platter are to die for and the service is excellent. I have never been disappointed with this place and plan on making a trip there this weekend. They also do these cooking classes which are a bit expensive but I sort of want to try one.
5	I come here often and want to update my last review.  This is a mom and pop establishment.  Margaret is a delightful personality who never stops working but had time for a friendly greeting to one and all.  He husband, Waldmoor, is the chef and a very good one.  He butchers his own meat an does the cooking so you know it's always consistantly good.  He also makes different soups.....hot ones in the winter time and cold ones in the summer.  My favorite soup is the beet soup which is superb.  My wife won't try it because it's pink.  If you can get past the color, you're in for a taste of heaven.  Wife declares all his other soups outstanding.  Her favorite is sauerkraut soup and pickle soup.  She says they have no equal.A taste of Europe is a good restaurant serving good food served and made by good people
4	I thoroughly enjoyed everything.  Cute little place, pleasant service, yummy Polish food.  I will be returning.  Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that one of my two lunch partners thought the food was too bland.  I would argue that he expects everything to be overly spicy and therefore doesn't appreciate anthing else.  But...since he wasn't as impressed I decided to achnowledge his opinion.  They took our lunch reservation and had a table held for us which was awsome.  It is a tiny place so I would recommend reservations so you won't have to wait.
3	Glendale is where I live and work and I like to try everything in the core downtown area.  I have had this restaurant on my to try list for some time.The really good stuff:The place is really cute.  The service is really great, Margaret works very hard at making you feel at home in the restaurant. I could tell by the way regulars are treated that if you go often you are family.The OK:The food is well cooked and presented.  I had the sampler plate($15.95) with 2 cheese Pierogi, Kielbasa, stuffed cabbage and hunter stew.The so-so:I prefer more of the fat to be cooked out of my meat.  I make my mid day meal during the week to be my big meal and many of the dishes I did not try are not that large.  Price wise I will not keep it in my regular lunch rotation.General commentary:I was asked if I wanted lemon in my FBIT and I still got it.  The butter served with the nice warm bread was rock hard and not near able to melt (this can be tricky as there is a range that refrigerated products are allowed to be held at room temperature).  I may still go back again as it is different and not bad and I would be happy to show it off to another person.  Of the food I had I would reorder the stuffed cabbage and the Pierogi.  Based on what I saw I would also like to try some of the soups.
4	I really wanted to give this place 5 stars but.. well.. let me explain. I came in on a Friday around 5:15pm trying to catch an early dinner. I am glad I did as upon entering I noticed they close close @ 7:30pm. When I came in all the tables were empty but they all had "reserved" place cards on them. Later I realized that there was some sort of club or church organization that came in and took over the restaurant so I would recommend making a reservation. The owner was very nice and sat us at one of the reserved tables. Her husband the chief quickly realized we knew nothing about polish food and offered us a sample of dill sour pickle soup. yummmmmy. The restaurant itself is located in old town Glendale's Catlin court in a small quaint little house that gives you a more personal ambiance. The owners made us feel like we were literally dinner guest at their house which was not what I was expecting but a nice surprise. The food is best described as "home cooking". The soup was excellent and my favorite part of the meal but the rest tasted just as my parents would have made growing up at home and I'm not Polish. Put simply all the main ingredients of my dish tasted as though they could have been bought at Fry's and my mom cooked them. The kielbasa was good but nothing unique, sauerkraut was tasty, but the green beans were either overcooked, thawed from frozen, or from a can. I am by no means a Polish food expert and maybe this is exactly how they would make it in Poland? Overall if you don't feel like cooking, want to try something new, and are in the mood for Polish food I would try it out and see for yourself. As for me I did like the restaurant and their owners but I think I will only return for the soup in the future, which I would gladly give 5 stars.
5	We have definitely found a new favorite place to eat!!! Down in the heart of Glendale, this restaurant is an absolute find!!! We got a sample of the pumpkin soup and was it yummy!!! The owner told us her husband made it for the 1st time last night and am I glad we were there for the inauguration!!! All the food we had, stuffed cabbage, goulash and noodles and pierogies and sausage was excellent. The service was fast and extremely friendly. There's only 5 or 6 tables in this restaurant, so you definitely need a reservation. We will be back!!!!
5	This restaurant makes one of my favorite meals of all time; their tomato, mozzarella and basil sandwich.  Each and every time I bite into one, I can't help but close my eyes and get lost in the joy.  Everything about it is perfection, from the freshest warm ciabatta to the generous drizzle of balsamic that balances every last bite.  I've been going there for years now and there's never once been a single variance; it just always blows my mind.  Might not sound substantial either but it will really fill you up without weighing you down.(Because AToEu is kind of far from where I live, I've tried to get my fix of this sandwich at other closer restaurants such as Pane Bianco, but no other place comes close!)Whenever I can break away from ordering the sandwich, I also really love the hearty, home-cooked Polish platter, which includes homemade pierogies (not frozen) and homemade kielbasa (tender and flavorful), in addition to hunters stew and stuffed cabbage... all wonderful, warm, and comforting.Also wonderful and warm is the family who owns this restaurant.  They're a special family, and they make me feel like family whenever I go there.If I lived closer, I'd be there every week.
5	This is a real find and I mean "find"  because it is tucked away on the side streets of downtown Glendale. This small little restaurant is unique in decor and cuisine, not many polish restaurants around.  The food is flavorful and fresh, the soups are unique and tasty.  The stuffed bell peppers are awesome as is the stew.The owners are warm and inviting without being overbearing.  My only disappointment is the limited hours, I work too far away to get there for lunch and they are only open a few nights a week.  Definitely worth the trip.
5	Stopped by today with the wife.  It's always a favorite place to eat when we're in Phoenix.Menu has enlarged.  Food is, as always, magnificant.
4	I liked this place and would've liked to try more than just pierogies. I did order kielbasa as well, but it didn't come out, and she didn't charge me for it, so I didn't argue. This is a really cute restaurant, with great patio seating. I hand make my own pierogies (which I am not entirely bias to, I always am on the lookout for someone who can do them better). A Touch of European Cafe's are about a 6. I think they were a touch undercooked and a bit too greasy for my liking. The farmers cheese that they use in their potato is wonderful, and I think I will be trying that out the next time I make mine. Their sauerkraut were good, but lacked depth. Overall, I think that this is a great place to come to, and probably doesn't have much competition as this is the only Polish restaurant that I know of.
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in Glendale, if not the entire state. First of all, you can bring your own booze for NO corkage fee! The atmosphere is quaint and cozy, and truly reminds me of being back in Europe. Great patio seating as well. Serivce is wonderful and friendly...I almost felt like part of the family. Now for the food...if you like Polish food you will be in heaven! The borscht was the best soup I have ever eaten--my cousin doesn't even like beets and you should have seen her face light up with pleasure when she tried it! The perogies and cabbage rolls are authentic and delicious, and the kielbosa is TO DIE FOR! Also, try the hunters stew...looks funky, but tastes great! They even allowed us to bring our own birthday cake for my mom, which they provided the candle for. Just truly a great experience...I'm going back tomorrow :0)
4	The Touch of European Cafe is a quaint little place in one of those old homes that have been converted into a business just off the Historic Glendale square.  This place is locally owned by a couple of immigrants from Poland. They offer fantastic tasting Polish food and have exceptional customer service.   Now, I'm not a "beet" person so when I was asked to sample their red borscht-beet soup I was apprehensive to the point of making a grimmest face. But to my surprise it was delicious! We ordered some soup de jour, pierogi's both cheese and smoke sausage with onions for apps.  These pierogi's were amazing!  The best I've had in quite some time.  Since it was lunch we opted away from the delicious looking Polish Plate Specials and went for their gourmet sandwiches.  We had their Fresh Mozzarella, basil and tomato on cibatta bread toasted with their vinaigrette dressing.  It was very fresh and tasty. We also had a smoked polish sausage on a cibatta bun with their sauerkraut-slaw and mustard.  It too was very good and huge! We had to take half of it to-go. They have a lot of homemade deserts to choose from including Cheese Blintzes and Kolaczki Cookies, which we had both the apricot and raspberry ~ delish!!The Touch of European Cafe is very small and popular so you may need to call ahead of time when dinning indoors for dinner.  They have outdoor seating which is perfect for dinning for lunch of dinner when the weather is nice. They are BYOW so you can bring your own favorite bottle of wine!  We are looking forward to our next visit, this time it will be dinner.  Planning to bring a nice bottle of Pinot Noir to go with either some Hunter Stew or some Stuffed Cabbage Rolls along with a side of pierogi's of course!  I might even have their soup de jour again!
3	Different kind of food. Very nice people and nice area. Be prepared.
1	Went in on a whim while I was downtown. Didn't know it was only Polish till I sat down because the name denotes all of Europe, and not just Poland. The menu also didn't have a lot of European foods on it, just a few desserts and borscht. There was only one waitress (the owner) and it was really busy due to a lot of special events going on in that area. They really should have gotten some temporary help as I waited a long time to even get a drink and she just kept telling people to sit down "if you're going to stay" but then you ended up waiting forever, wondering if you were even noticed.I got a turkey and cranberry sandwich on ciabatta - not really European at all! - and while it was a good size sandwich, it only came with a small bag of Lays and a pickle spear for $7. Way expensive for something I could have easily and cheaply made myself. They wouldn't let me get just half a sandwich and a bowl of soup for a set price ("We don't do half.") which would have been a lot more satisfying to both me and my wallet.The tea - a Polish brand fruit herbal tea - was really good and decent priced. They also had a few Polish brand items on a shelf you could buy (I bought a box of the tea for only $2.99). For the service and the prices, I won't be back (around $15 for a sandwich, tea, and a box of tea that took over an hour to get and eat... no bueno). Decent sandwich and cute house, but they need to rethink their menu a bit before I'd even recommend this place, much less come back.
5	Great atmosphere, great food, and the owners are just as cute as can be! We tried to go to the Taste of Glendale but it was packed and I'm cheap and lazy and didn't want to pay $25 to stand in line. I remembered having enjoyed this place for lunch before so we gave it another try. We'll definitely return. I had the sampler platter (or half the platter actually since it was huge) and my date had the pork goulash. As much as I enjoyed my dish I'll have to say that the plate of porky goodness really stood out. Nothing fancy but very filling and truly downhome tasty (if home is Warsaw I guess). The weather was beautiful so we sat out on the patio w/another couplethat are regulars  and their adorable dogs (oh so European) enjoying pleasant conversation amid the twinkly lights before walking around the neighborhood briefly. Perfect for date night but remember to bring your own wine.
5	Not very often do I crave a nice polish meal but this past weekend the craving hit me solidly and I suddenly found the urge to get some perogi smothered with sour cream  and no I'm no pregnant nor have the proper organs to be carrying a child. So I went with a friend to this cool little place near downtown glendale.The day was cold so sitting outdoors was out of the question but the outdoor seating looked like it would be perfect on a warmer day. Inside the place was, dare I say, cute, quaint and cozy.  The food was delicious. I had Perogi and white borsht. At the end of my meal the craving was satisfied and I could go on living. The owner and staff were very friendly.
5	Had lunch with my son there today! It was incredible food. Excellent service, quaint location. Highly recommend them. I had the Hunter's Stew and a side if their beets. Oh my goodness it was good.
4	Perogis! Yumm! I grew up in the upper midwest surrounded by polish communities and miss sweet sweet perogis. The kraut and mushroom ones are really good and 1/2 doz is a perfect serving size for lunch.  The atmosphere and the people make the cafe very comfortable.enjoy.
5	My wife and I have been going here for a couple of years. It is always a pleasant outing. The food is always good and the service is great. We almost always get one of their sandwiches which comes with chips and a pickle. Their tomato soup is maybe the best I have ever had. Only had it once as it is available on certain days. If you luck out when it is on the menu by all means get a bowl. Highly recommended.
5	WOW....This restaurant has the best soups, salads and authentic Polish food. The owners run this clean, friendly restaurant. Best Polish food I have ever had. You will not be disappointed, I promise!!!
5	I absolutely love this place.  I have been going there for a solid 7 years.  Not as frequently as I like since moving away from Glendale 6 years ago.The food is always good.  The owners are great.  I'm very happy at the success they have found.Most of the basics ahve been covered, so I want to add my story.  On our first visit I heard some customers raving about soups I found to sound a little odd.  I gave them a taste and they were amazing.Since then I like to try the soups regardless of what they are.  This lead me to try the pickle soup when my wife & I took her parents there.  It was close to 8 months later when we came in to visit again, had lunch and asked if they still do pickle soup as my wife was craving it.Although it was off the menu, they noted that my wife was pregnant and that if she wanted pickle soup then she must have pickle soup.  They asked for a date in the future that we could make it back in.  Found a date where I could pick up a to go order for dinner and sure enough, they put it on the menu that day.Definitely a rare circumstance when a place will go absolutely above and beyond like this and make you feel completely special.Just absolutely fantastic.
5	I had a pierogi craving and this place hit the spot.  Our waitress (who I assume is one of the owners) was wonderful.  Very pleasant, helpful and polite.  She was sure to make us feel welcome, which I liked.  This food was exceptional.  Stuffed cabbage was excellent, bigos was delicious, and pierogis were the best!
5	Yummy is all I can say. I love pierogi and theirs were great. My husband had the Hunters dinner and loved it (2 meals worth!)
4	I've been wanting to go here for a while! I'm just never in Glendale so I finally made the drive out there to try this place for lunch. Service was great! While waiting for my food, the cook even brought me a sample of Beet Soup that he just made to test it. I had the Kielbasa and cheese pierogis and it was great comfort food. The kielbasa was juicy and the pierogis has a great flavor to them. I even used the leftover kielbasa in my scrambled eggs the next day. :)
4	Great soups and very tasty sausages
5	If you like food that is truly authentic and exceeds your expectations, that this is a great place to sit right down and dig in. The owners are first generation immigrants from Poland you might think you are sitting in Poland if you while you dine. We ordered the kielbasa platter and the combo plate. The brown mustard really complements the kielbasa. The combo includes potato cheese pierogi which I really enjoyed. With the owners doing all of the food preparation and service, you feel like you are sitting around their kitchen table. We really enjoyed the food, atmosphere and service.
4	So glad to have found this place. We saw a newspaper write-up and decided to try it out. This small restaurant is in an attractive setting--great outdoor seating, live music the night we were there and fantastic staff.  The food is delicious--I had the potato and cheese pierogi and kielbasa sausage, my hubby had their 'Hunter Stew' (a cabbage and sauerkraut and noodle yummy).  They brought a small, free sampling of the evening soup special (dill pickle--a true polish tradition) and loved it.  We split a chocolate-dipped coconut macaroon for dessert and found it outstanding---not too sweet and large enough to share. Lots of other items on the menu will call us back. Seating is limited inside and it was too cold to sit outside the night we were there, but we didn't have to wait for a table.
5	This food really is fantastic. The specials are always delish. Their meatloaf is to die for. This is not your 'normal' meatloaf. It's always been perfectly cooked and seasoned, with a good amount of their gravy. Their mashed potatoes are of course very good. Always topped with onions and some paprika. Was their for lunch yesterday and the chef came out and gave is tasters of his Sorrel Soup. Wow! It was explosive with flavor! The Pork Ghoulash tastes just like my grandmothers, whose parents were immigrants from there. All in all its delicious, and they're extremely friendly. The wife is the waiter/hostess, husband is the cook, and they're both friendly, can't go wrong with this shin dig!
4	We go here every few months. There's some great polish food. We've liked everything we've had. It appears to be very authentic (best guess - I've never been to Poland). A few times we've gone in and asked for substitutions - mostly because we didn't know what the dish was and were worried about it - the chef sent word that he felt the original sides were very important to the dish and sent samples for us to try before committing to the substitutes. In each case I ended up enjoying the original and I'm glad the chef encouraged me to try some new things.  The restaurant is small - it's one of the historic houses there, but has a good size patio. The staff seems like they're family members and it gives it a homey feel.
4	We had sandwiches for lunch which were huge and tasty. Wish they served beer/wine, but still a great spot to sit on a beautiful patio and enjoy the great food and service from this hidden gem.
5	Home made! Authentic and delicious
5	Went here for lunch on a beautiful spring day with a group of friends.  We sat on the patio, it had a nice breeze, soft modern music in the background, and it felt like eating at home.  Now onto the food.  At first glance at the menu suggests that it may be out of a student's budget, but there were plenty to choose from for everyone.  I ordered the breaded chicken breast filet with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut-slaw-salad.  It was excellent and very tasty, and tasted like a homecooked meal.  I was never a fan of sauerkraut, but after eating it here changed my mind (mix of apple slices made it more refreshing and sweet).  Chicken breast was tender on the inside, and crunchy on the outside.  Mashed potatoes were very flavorful with caramelized onions and topped with paprika.  A friend also let me try his smoked kielbasa and potato-cheese pierogi...which were both very tasty.  Portion size is exactly what you paid for and will feed you well.  Very personal service and they have eyeopening desserts as well.  I will go back for sure to try more!
4	A Touch of European Cafe is a well kept little secret of Glendale Arizona. If you enjoy Eastern European fare, or just want to try something new, visit this small, picturesque cafe, which is located on a charming and quiet side street within the historic square of Glendale. Weather permitting, dine at the outdoor patio under mature shade trees, where you may feel as if you are no longer in the desert Southwest. This is a place where you can casually relax with some quality authentic food in a quaint, possibly romantic setting. Tip: Call ahead about their Sour Pickle Soup... you do not have to be pregnant to develop cravings for this unusual yet appetizing soup recipe!
4	What a nice restaurant. They have good polish food (I notice a lot of european nationals come here - I recognize the languages). They are small inside with 5 tables, and a large patio area (this is the historic Glendale area).  The best part may be the atmosphere. The service is unique. Some places are more ...um, comfortable, than others -this is one. But here it's like visiting family for dinner. Don't be surprised at getting drawn into "intra-table" conversation.  So I've been before. And I'll keep coming back.
1	I don't think this business wants business.  They close at 7 on a Friday night.  I met up with my party out front at 6:30 (still hot and light out in July) at this place based on the great Yelp reviews.  We walked in and the place is hideous inside you can look into the messy, cluttered kitchen, there are maybe 4 very crappy little (think Winchell's Donuts from the 1970's) tables in the whole place and they made no use of their patio.  The lobby and dining room are the same space.  So needless to say, not really the place you want to meet with friends.  Not even a place you CAN meet with friends, the tables are pretty much for 2 people and there are only 4 of them.  Anyway, being optimists and since we were already there we walked in around 6:45 the woman was rude to us for being there 15 minutes until close.  I guess she wanted to get out of there so we were told she was closing and we could get a to go order if we wanted to stand around and wait.  It wasn't like there was any seating.  I looked at the fat guy and another person sitting around in the messy kitchen and took the rudeness of their upset over how "late" we showed up as my cue that we were not really wanted there so we left and ended up at Westgate.  We tried to support downtown and felt bad that we were denied.  FRIDAY NIGHT!!  Any restaurant should at least stay open until 9 on Friday and Saturday or at very least seat until their posted 7 close time.  We should have just gone to Hause Murphy's.  They are open late and down there and have never let me down.
4	Gosh I love this place!! Stopped here for a late lunch when I was by Downtown Glendale, I'm so glad I did! My friend and I had the Kielbasa and pierogies which was about $14. It was a huge potion so I took half of it home for dinner. We also shared a slice of carrot cake, which was also fantastic. I did love the atmosphere, I felt like I was in someone's house for lunch. The serve was friendly and helpful. If I'm ever in this area again I'll go back.
4	Came here with a friend to try something new. Delish!We both ordered the "combo", which included a kielbasa and 6 pierogi. We were contemplating the sample platter, which seems like it would've been way too much food, once we saw what the combo came with.Pierogi were really tasty--crisp outside, with a creamy center. Apparently, there are two flavors, but the combo comes with the potato cheese variety. Situated in an older house on a cute street in old town Glendale, it's easy to miss. Service was good and employees were nice. Seemed like a family owned/operated establishment, which added to the ambiance/feeling in the restaurant.  Desserts a plenty as well. I was too stuffed to partake, but the macaroon looked scrumptious! Hopefully, they'll be around for a while, because we will definitely be going back!
5	Had a great lunch and delightful conversation and service on Christmas eve while visiting from Los Angeles..
4	Great service.  Make sure you call to make a reservation.  It can maybe hold 25 people maximum inside. Yes they do have outside seating, but it can get cold during the winter.  Even with the outdoor heaters going.  I like the home feel of the place, I felt like I was eating inside a friends home.  The food is the same as it is comfort food.  I felt very satisfied when I left.  The sample plate was great and gave me an idea of what the food was like.I did enjoy the service, nice home feel of the place, and the food.  If you want to try Polish food in Arizona, this is the place.
4	If you are looking for good polish home cooking, then this place is for you.  It's not personally my style, but it was still pretty good.  The service was stellar.  I can see why they get so busy.  The owner or server was very friendly and accommodating.  I ordered the goulash with pasta a green beans.  It was pretty good.  The portions are quite large.  My husband had sampler dish.I would recommend to those looking for comfort food.
5	What an amazing hidden treasure! It's like being in my grandparents ' house and enjoying a homemade meal. The pirogi is outstanding and the home soups are so flavorful.  Makes me feel like a kid again.
5	By far, this is my new favorite in Phoenix!  The flavors are authentic and warming with unparalleled hospitality.  I can't wait until my next visit!!
4	I don't think it gets any more Polish than this in Arizona--at least I haven't found a place that does.  Coming from a predominantly Lithuanian family with relatives married to Polish people, the food here reminds me of Sunday afternoon family get-togethers in terms of authenticity and taste.  The spot is very, very small, so you may have a wait.  The menu is also very small and specialized.  But what they serve is delicious and will not leave you hungry (or broke) when you leave.  Their desserts are phenomenal.  If I lived closer, I would probably be here quite a bit more often.  Very heartening to see a family group all working together to make a business run!  As for the review that mentioned a "crappy attitude" - Baltic people are very direct and no-nonsense, and don't follow the American way of attempting to "sugar-coat" everything.  So while that may surprise some people, it doesn't this particular Lithuanian.
5	I am an expert in eastern European food and I am in love with this place for a long time. My dad took me here a long time ago - I believe I was 12 years old when I first came here. We know the owners and my dad always comes in to chat - they always bring a welcome and warm feeling. The food is amazing. I usually order the same thing (Polish sausage with saurkraut). The only "bad" thing about it, is that it's very far from where I live (Scottsdale), but I end up making the drive to Glendale just to eat here!
5	Went there for lunch had the main entre Polish sampler. Excellent. My boyfriend's dad is first generation Polish and his mom is first generation German so I get a lot both Polish & German food. In fact, that is all we get at their house, so it is hard to find a restaurant with authentic food. The fresh kielbasa was great, sauerkraut was savvory not sour which was excellent, pierogies delicious, and my favorite golabki (stuffed cabbage) was delicious only wish they had a tomato or mushroom sauce not just catchup. Well I'm about to burst with all the good food. I love that it is individually owned and operated by a polish couple, service was excellent.
5	It has been two years since I last wrote a review on this treasure of a restaurant. When you enter this small restaurant, you instantly are welcomed by the owners,  Margaret and Waldemeyer. Waldemeyer makes all the homemade soups, perogies., homemade sausages, wonderful chicken cranberry salad. Three new soups a day. They are also offering cooking classes. I just took the Greek cooking class, Greek salad, Grecian chicken, and of course Baklava. The owners are so hard working, many of the people there I see over and over, are regulars. I don't think I have ever had something I don't just love. I had never had Polish food before but now this is one of my favorite places. If you try it, you will be a regular. I drive there regularly from Scottsdale, it is that good!!!
5	The most delicious lunch to date! The House Sandwich was perfect and toasty! My hubby goes there weekly and I strongly recommend this place to anyone!
5	The atmosphere is relaxing and beautiful sitting in the shade under the trees. The food is delicious! I had he panini croissant and the hubby had stuffed cabbage... we both licked our plates clean! We will definitely be back!
5	Wow best lunch!  Walked in asked the owner behind the counter what to eat and they ordered everything and it was awesome.
4	Very good food. All is from scratch and fresh. Pierogi's are excellent. Serrol soup was new to me and was a pleasantly surprise in how great it tasted. Staff very friendly. If you are not familiar with Polish food, they are more than happy to share how it's made. Will be going back.
4	Very pleasant place with an amazing appeal. The service was fantastic, food was quality, and again the patio on a beautiful March day was perfect. Will have to come back for dinner sometime.
5	Great home cooked meal. Nice outside dining and friendly family run business. What's not to like?
5	Definitely a treasure as someone mentioned.  A small peaceful oasis with great food.  And don't forget the dessert!  If you miss mom's or grandma's homemade Polish and other mid European dishes you can find them here.
5	Great food , wonderful service!,,,    I come from Chicago and know good Polish food, this is the place!   A hidden gem.  I ordered the combo plate, it came with 6 Pierogis and a good size piece of smoked sausage.  I was able to order 3 of one kind of Pierogi and 3 of another. Along with bread and a small bowl of the chicken paprikash soup , I was done for the day!   Great service and everyone in my group enjoyed their meal.  The owners are very nice people and really work hard at producing a good meal at a reasonable price.  Ignore the bad reviews about being overpriced! This is quality homemade food and who ever writes bad reviews must be used to fast food garbage.  It may be a little more expensive but it's good!   If you need to complain about prices then go to your fast food hang outs.  Definitely a place to try if in Glendale, I drive 45 minutes to go there.
5	So good...Quint essential remedy for when I'm having a bad day. Cold beet soup is perfect on a Phoenix night.
5	Love love love EVERY single thing about this place! The food, the atmosphere, the people, and the owners! Felt like home!
5	A delicious lunch. The pickle soup was amazing. The perogies mouthwatering, topped off by my favorite childhood comfort food, a black and white cookie, which until now I had to go back to New York for. Love this place
5	I love this place the food is awesome service is great as well. I live downtown Glendale and have a nice feel
5	Service: AmazingFood: DeliciousI would recommend the cabbage rolls or the pierogies. Two of my favorite things growing up and they do them well here. It makes me feel at home. Plus the people that work there actually seem as though they love their job. You don't get that everywhere. Which is another reason to support local businesses.
5	The food here is simply fantastic. You must come here and try it. The atmosphere is very European small and intimate. Large patio for dining al fresco and the staff is very caring of your needs. Comfortable and affordable. You will not leave here hungry.
5	The food here is amazing!  If you want authentic/gourmet polish food, this the place!!
5	Smoked Kielbasa, Pierogi, great soups, sandwiches and salads. This relatively small place is one of my favorite places to go, relax, and have some great Polish food. On top of this the experience is heightened by the friendly face of one of the owners Margaret who serves you. Her husband Waldemar who does the cooking will call out a welcome and loves to come and talk with you when he has a chance. When the weather allows the patio is wonderful. So don't just sit there, go get your Polish fix.
4	Excellent food, unique in the best way possible. Try the specials, they rock. This place has a great atmosphere and scratch made food. This is what your Grandma would make if she was Polish and had the chops of a Michelin chef. You will be surprised and will come back. Oh and the soups are exactly what any good polish place would have.
5	My wife talked me into coming here. We were in Glendale looking in the shops, both of us hungry. My wife heard this place was good about a year ago. I am glad she did. We just wanted lunch. I had the BEST chicken salad sandwich I ever had!! My wife had "The House sandwich" It was great!!! We shared each others, WOW, so good!! The Corn chowder was so different, but of course, so good!!!  The owners are so friendly and love to talk to you, felt right at home. We live in the east valley, but would have no problem coming back, just to eat here.
