4	UPDATE - August 15, 2007:From October of last year to August of this year, it seems that service at Pita Jungle in Chandler has impoved tremendously. I continue to eat there about once a week. The staff is looking "less gross" as well.I do have to say that the outdoor seating in the summer sucks. It would be nice, because they have misters and a covered patio, but the misters don't seem to work right, and all they do is leak/drip water all over the people dining near them. It results in a humid, muggy environment and makes me wonder why they don't fix them already!Food is still awesome. Jazz band is great. Artwork for sale has been more intersting and engaging in the past, but the current pieces are still nice.ORIGINAL REVIEW - October 17 2006:It's a damn shame that food this good comes with service that bad. Really... The food at this Pita Jungle location is amazing, but it comes with some conditions. It's amazing IF:1. They ever actually come and take your order2. They get your order right.3. They remember to bring it to your table at some point during the course of your visit to their establishment.The food is good enough that we continue to go there about once a week despite the terrible service. Some dishes to try include: Lavosh Pizza (both the regular one and the glazed chicken variety); Red Pepper hummus appetizer; grilled chicken breast salad (the dressing is soooo good!); Salmon; the souvlaki platter... don't forget to check out their garlic sauce!Another issue about this place that drives me up the wall: ALL the employees look like they need to comb their hair, put some decent clothes on and eat decent, well-rounded meal. I know the "I'm depressed, so I haven't showered or eaten in a month" look is in (is it?) but it's ridiculous that an eating establishment allows its employees to come in looking so tragic.But I digress... The food is awesome.
1	I have not eaten at this place since they screwed me out of $20.  A friend and I both gave the waitress $20 bills for change and she brought my friend back his change.  I asked where my change was and she said she  was only given 1 $20 bill and that she had already brought the change for that.  She argued with me till I asked for a manager.  The manager, who I like to refer to as "slim shady", was not the manager at all, but was the COOK who was posing as a manager, because the real manager was not there.  He was wearing a wife beater and his pants were hanging around his knees.  He proceeded to say the waitress had worked with him for a long time and that he would vouch that she was a very honest person.  He also was dropping F*** bombs throughout our conversation.  In the end, they said  they would take my number and would call me if her tips were off at the end of the night.  RIGHT!  I never received a call and came to the conclusion that I had probably just bought them their nightly high...  Which leads me to my next gripe about this place.  The staff are a bunch of urban granola hippies. Dreds, tats, hairy pits, and piercings are all the norm.  Don't take your kids here because the odds of the waitresses wearing a bra are probably slim to none.  I would like to know where they get these people.Enough already... I am wasting my time going any further.  DO NOT EAT HERE EVER!
4	I haven't shared the poor service experiences other Yelpers have expressed; I've been to Pita Jungle a few times now and it has always been excellent food and reasonable -- perhaps not exceptional, but quite reasonable -- service by tatooed and pierced waitstaff.The Mediterranean platter is especially excellent, under ten dollars generously apportioned to fill a take-home box for at least one additional meal.  This is food that just makes you feel good.Pita Jungle features local art for sale on the walls.  It's often fun to see what they have new in.
4	I've been to the Pita Jungle in Chandler twice, and on both occasions had excellent food, great prices (given how good the food was, paired with huge portion sizes...I recommend the garlic dip and peanut chicken wrap), and good service (refilled drinks often, brought more pitas, brought boxes when we were done w/o our having to ask...).  I'll definitely be going back and recommending it to all my friends.  My kids liked the pizzas; color crayons were offered and used.  The baklava (sp?) and pistacio ice cream were to die for.  I don't have a bad thing to say.
5	SUCH good food, SUCH good prices, SUCH generous portions! I live in San Francisco but I will be sure to make a trip to Pita Jungle everytime I am in Phx.
4	While the Tempe Pita Jungle will always be my favorite, I can't help but appreciate the different atmosphere of its sister location in Chandler. The restaurant is large AND offers a bar. During the day, it attracts more of a family atmosphere along with young professionals on their lunch break.  It's more of a hot date spot at night. It does overlook a lake, which makes it a bit romantical.You'll find all the usual suspects on the menu. Be sure to try the Roasted Pepper Hummus, the Pesto Pizza or the Pita Pizza for some deliciousness.BIG NEWS: There's a new Pita Jungle opening in Mesa, across from Mesa Community College, in December.
4	This location has the same problem the rest of them do, mostly the non-existence of available parking; however, it does have the outside seating that backs up to an apartment lake, which is nice.  Yes, the service can always be improved because sometimes they don't come to take your order and other times they never refill your drinks but they're so mellow you kind of overlook it.   The hummus is unbelievable.  Plus, random nights you can catch live music and bellydancing (with knives!)
4	Went here for lunch on a sunday. And... we were served water in the first five minutes of sitting down! Whoa, timely service! AND our food came really fast! That's an excellent change from the Tempe location. The view of the pond... er, lake is pretty nice, too. Who cares if the staff is a bunch of hippies... if you're that tightly laced, your kids probably need a little variety added to their life anyway. Geez.
4	I had heard a lot about this joint so i decided to check it out. For some reason, I thought it would be much smaller and wouldn't have waiter service. I was happy when I saw it was roomy, had a great place to sit and eat outside, and there were actual servers that would bring you your food...a hot comodity in this town.We sat down and it took our hipster server to come take our drink orders. My friend got the chai tea...they didn't have soy milk so I passed on that. We also ordered the garlic dip. I LOVE garlic so I thought the dip was awesome but my friend warned that chai and garlic are not a good combo.I had the roasted veggie pita and it was SOOO good. It was super big so I had to use a knife and a fork. The brown rice inside was cooked perfectly! I could only eat half of it so I took the rest home which was a nice breakfast the next day.Overall, I thought it was a good experience. All kind of people were there and it was the first time I saw some real diversity in Chandler, very cool. The staff was relaxed so if you go, you should relax. The prices were reasonable and you do get what you pay for. I like this joint and I definitley be returning.
5	For the first time ever, I have decided to aware 5 stars. I guess its the euphoria of enjoying Pita Jungle, then again maybe its the opportunity to go to three different Pita Jungle's and still get the same great service. I have noticed this location to be wrought with the 20 somethingers and 30 somethingers. I enjoy the chance to kick back, be healthy and have a good time. Thanks, Pita Jungle!
3	I had lunch here today with my sister.  Been here before, actually why I returned.  Start off with the bad, the place was packed several months ago when I went with a small group.  Waited way too long for service and had things messed up.  Even went through 3 different servers.  Food was topnotch then and we received a gift card for future visit.  On to the real review:Lunchtime and wasn't that hungry so I just ordered the hummus and grilled chicken.  Their hummus is wonderfully amazing.  Chicken was tasty, but a tad on the dry side.  Order came with two slabs of pita bread.  Previously it was warm and soft, thought it would be the same.  Nope, it was a little hard and dry.  At least it was warm coming out, but quickly cooled off.  My sister ordered a pesto pizza.  It looked tasty, but was too greasy for her to finish.  I probably would have eaten the whole thing, but was too full of hummus at the time.  Service was excellent, my iced tea never went below half.  That's really the key to service with me.  Billing time was a little confusing, gift card given by manager on previous visit did not run through.  I handed over the debit card, but my patience was rewarded with a complimentary meal in the end.  Thanks, that really swayed the vote on returning ever.Their menu selections are decent, ranging from wraps, hummus, pizzas, burgers, and salads.  Atmosphere was pleasant for lunch, sat next to the large windows overlooking a pond.  Ducks walked past the windows several times, it was a calm place around noon and midweek.
5	Never fails to disappoint.  Every time I go I try and different item, and they are all just as good if not better than the dish I tried before.  Every other place I eat has to live up to Pita Jungle. The staff is wonderful!!
4	You gotta try the glazed chicken pizza with caramelized onions and feta cheese on lavosh bread - it's so tasty as is the grilled chicken houmus. The live music is an added bonus.  You can get the wrong impression of this place if you hit a bad night but I would say in general this place is a definite winner!  If you're hungry, and don't want to spend a lot of money, this fills the bill.
1	You know where you are,You're in the jungle baby,You gonna die!In the jungle ,Welcome to the jungleWatch it bring you to your shun, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, knees, knees!Because You just might Puke after what I'm about to tell you.I Went to Pita Jungle for my first time, I order a diet coke, I took a couple of sips and then noticed that whole inside of the cup was covered in a thick grimy film. I though that maybe it was just scratched plastic, I scraped it with my fingernail and it came off...uuuugggggghhhhhh!!!  How incredibly nasty!!!!  I'm not talking a little bit of residue here folks I'm talking Scum Build Up from Hell!! I wish I hadn't ordered already.I take my glass up to the counter and ask to get a new soda in a To-Go cup.Once I sit back down I start looking around at other peoples cups and notice the same Funk caked up inside them as well and they are greedily sipping along without even using a straw..EEEEEEWWWWWSo this was not an isolated incident.How do you not notice that, Please tell me, How do you not feel it touch your lips......(shudders)....As I sit waiting for my food, Dear God, I can only imaging what kind of filth lies behind the counter where no-one can see if this(cup grime) is the kind of stuff they are serving up right under our noses.I begin to look around and notice that the cups are not the only thing with the foul gunk build up......the tables too.....Oh God I'm watching a woman let her baby eat right off of the filthy thing!My Food arrives, The glazed Chicken pizza (see pics)......do I eat.....it looks good.....smells good.......Well It actually tasted Delicious, Unfortunately I could not eat anymore than a couple bites as I was so disgusted with the filth of this place.I had to rush right home and shower!1 star because of the Scuzz factorAre all Pita Jungles this repulsive? if not please tell me which one is CLEAN! I will never return to this location
4	Very Good!Went for lunch today, 1PM. The place was extremely busy with a 10 minute wait for a table, but the wait was worth it. Service was fast (once we were seated), and the ambiance on the lakeside patio was quite relaxing.I had the Beef Gyro, while my wife had the burrito pita. We both enjoyed them immensely. Looks to have a full bar & a menu that will satisfy carnivores or herbivores.Healthy food, and good service. Worth a short wait for seating. Might have to add this to my weekly repertoire.Other note: Parking lot is ALWAYS busy at lunch, you may have to park out a bit and hoof it.
4	Pita Jungle is one place that I don't think I will ever get tired of. My two favorite dishes are the grilled chicken hummus and the chicken lavosh pizza.  Even though the food is great it is not always consistant.  Every once in a while you will hit a bad night and the food can come out flavorless and not something you want to eat.  But for the most part the food is excellent.It has a good location with a waterfront patio and live music. Sometimes the place can be very crowded but the food usually arrives faster than expected.  Every trip that I take to Arizona, this is usually my first stop.
3	This place is always busy but for me it is hit and miss.  Sometimes the food is delishious and sometimes it is rotten.
4	I really love Pita Jungle.  My first experience was at the one downtown, and now, I have to get my fix.  I found this location since it is close to my home, and wanted to check it out.Upon entering, I was pleased with the location.  Well decorated, clean, good lighting, ample seating.  I was greated by the hostess, and sat at the bar.  The place was pretty busy, and I was by myself.  I was greeted in a quick manner by a nice server from behind the bar.  I took a moment to review my menu, and decided to skip a full meal and go for some lentil soup.Now, here is where things get dicey.  I won't hold it against Pita Jungle, but I have to put this in the review.  First, after being seated, I noticed that it was a little toasty in there.  I think they could have turned up the A/C.  I am sure if I had been drinking, I probably would have broken a slight sweat, as it was warm in here.  Secondly, after I ordered my lentil soup, it took what seemed like forever to get it.  I did not time it with a stop watch, but it took a long time for just a bowl of soup.  Secondly, when I did get the lentil soup, I didn't care for it.  It looked kinda gross and didn't taste all that great.  And, in case you were wondering, NO, I didn't send it back or complain.  I was to tired and didn't feel like being a sourpuss.The other problem that I experienced, was the server girl brought out my check WAY before I was ever served my food.  I hate that!  At least bring my bill with my food, not before!Aside from that, I dig this place.
3	I can do Pita Jungle anytime.  The lentil salad is actually really good if your looking for something light, or if your hungry the chicken shawarma is always good.  I took my mom to the one in Tempe, where I used to go all the time, I guess I forgot how crowded and loud it gets in there, but she liked it.  They usually have a flavored iced tea which is good.Like I said, I've been doing the jungle for years and have never had any problems with the food.  I hope I didn't just jinx myself.**Update:  Went to Pita Jungle in Chandler today and sat on the patio.  They are on a little man made lake there and have a slight problem with ducks.  Don't get me wrong, I like these cute little guys.  But when I'm eating my lunch and there are five of them at my feet fighting over a pita, then a gust of wind comes and blows around duck feathers, that grosses me out.  Then I look down on the metal grated table and see some sort of bird poo in-between the grates that my silverware was just sitting on, ick.  We moved inside.  Maybe some tablecloths would help?Oh and also the tables on the patio are packed in so tightly you have to squeeze to get through, and the next table is like 5 inches away, not cool.  I think I'm going to reluctantly have to downgrade my 4star to 3 star.
4	My daughter and I have been going to Pita Jungle for 8+ years and have loved every single item we've ordered. The service (lack of) has changed over the years as they've grown and become more popular. We often feel rushed or forgotten and have waited as long as 30 minutes to get served on several occasions. BUT, the food is simply great and worth waiting for. Some of our favorites: Chicken Shawarma, grilled chicken pasta salad, grilled vegetable salad, garlic hummus, veggie burger & smoothies. You cannot go wrong.
3	Pita Jungle used to be the spot, it was fresh on the scene and a great change of pace.  Something completely different and possibly good for you. It was always the place you could bring a date to or even for a business lunch.  It said "Hey only fatties go to The Olive Garden. I am a sophisticate.  See my fine lady?  See where I have taken you?  This place is as original and hip as I am.". Now something has happened. Pita Jungle still has the hip artwork, the ultra-hip non-conformist waitstaff, the great music, the semi-eclectic food, and the possibility of a really good experience. For some strange reason, it just has lost a lot of it's cool. Oh wait, I know. Maybe it is the herd of Douchtards (Douchetards, a Yelper Favorite.) that are compelled to take their little kids out to dinner at a place that is kid unfriendly and lacks a Chernobyl sized rat as a mascot.  This place is so kid unfriendly that there is a lake within drowning distance.  But does that stop the breeders from turning loose their  herd in the restaurant?  Nope. "Run free children. I will know you are safe because I will always be within ear shot of your constant screaming."  (I shudder.). This was not an anomaly either. There were three different families there with three kids each.  Wa-Wa-What?  I don't bring my dates to Chuckie Cheese, so keep your rats out of Pita Jungle. Alright maybe I am being harsh, but if your kids cannot act like respectable human beings, maybe they are not ready for a respectable restaurant.And another thing,  I love the Grilled Vegetable Salad.  It is my favorite thing on the menu.  But alas, out of the last four times I have ordered it, only once has it lived up to it's delicious memory.  Maybe I should try something else, but when I know how perfect something can be it is hard for me to give up hope so easily.So to recap:My favorite dish has been ruined.Kids have made a playground of it.Hipness has become tragically un-hip.
4	Mmm... Pita Jungle.I had been craving it all week and finally my lunch buddies decided they wanted to go. This location is BUSY at lunch time; full of corporate type as well as families with children (bad idea to bring kids at lunchtime, it's just WAY too packed). Yesterday we were seated at the bar. I was kind of irritated (only mildly) because when we walked in, we were greeted by the hostess and a guy I assume to be an owner or a "big wig". The "big wig" looked us up and down like we didn't really belong in the place, I really don't know what that was all about. So I asked if we could sit at the bar, we were initially told there was no room, but then an employee that was sitting at the bar decided to move to let us sit (duh). So that little irritation aside, we were seated and greeted again by a very nice bartender/server. I mentioned that I was STARVING and ordered the pita burrito, the bartender asked me if I've ever had the Medchilada. I said no, she said "Oh you must try it, it's full of beans and you can add chicken." PERFECT. After a very short wait, our orders arrived. My friend had the Philly Chicken Pita and the other had the broiled chicken pita. EVERYONE was in pita heaven! My food was so flavorful! The chicken was moist and tender, there were about 3 different beans in the dish. I don't usually eat brown rice because it tends to be crunchy or too grainy, Pita Jungle has managed to make brown rice moist and enjoyable! very nice! The only thing I would change about my food is that it had A TON of chicken in it and it almost overwhelmed the dish. Pita Jungle is and will remain one of my favorite "long lunch" spots!
4	I feel very fortunate to live so close to my love, Pita Jungle. The best roasted red pepper hummus and everything I have ever tried has been perfect. A standard favorite is the pesto pizza and a fabulous recent discovery is the philly chicken pita. I love this place for a healthy alternative and I could totally eat here twice a week. Lots of great veg friendly options, also a bonus!
4	This place is great in ambiance and food.  The outdoor patio adds a huge plus on those nice nights when it's not 110 outside!!  My favorite is the Putanesca..oh so rich in flavor and so good.
4	If you like hummus, then this is the place for you.  Super casual, Pita Jungle has a good mix of young and old patrons. On any given day you'll see students, executives and seniors. The ambiance is uber casual with concrete floors, upbeat music, and an outdoor patio. The servers are young and some look like they just came in from the pool! That doesn't mean the service is bad, exactly opposite. I have had good service every time I've gone in there. The menu is varied including hummus with chicken, lentil soup, pizzas, pita sandwiches, Greek salads and on and on. They also have a thirst quenching Arnold Palmer (lemonade and iced tea.) They are generous with their portions and are always cool with giving you a "to go" cup drink. (Almost a necessity in Arizona summer 100 degree temps!) Don't forget to try the baklava and pistachio ice cream for dessert..Yum! if you are looking for good food in a casual environment then this place is for you.
5	One of the most consistent lunch spots in Chandler. I am literally obsessed by their hummus and chicken appetizer!!!
5	Great Mediterranean food in Arizona. Generally go once a week for a broiled chicken pita and baba ganoush. Both are very delicious and the price is very reasonable. Service is laid back and casual and food comes fast. All in all a great place for friends or a date.
5	best Mediterranean food in the valley,  love the open kitchen layout, it makes for a great show on a Friday or Saturday night, the live jazz on Thursdays and Saturdays makes it worth the trip from central phoenix for me.  i got hooked at the location in Tempe when i was going to school, Samir was running it then( one of the greatest chefs in the southwest) they still use many of his recipes and maintain his style.  they have a few locations all over the valley. Chandler, with the pond, the patio, and the interior layout w/ live music this is with out a doubt their best location, ask your server for the details on the dishes it will make your decision a lot easier, great wine list too and again allow your server to guide you in the right direction.  healthy fresh food, great prices, great service, creative atmosphere.
4	In a place where chain restaurants and fast food joints are king, Pita Jungle (only a local chain) beckons - even though it's 7 miles away from the hotel I stay when I'm here for work. I gladly drive (yes, I used 'glad' and 'drive' in direct relation) the 15 minutes to eat here (or carry out). The menu is diverse, fresh and healthy, and there are tons of veggie options. I've been twice - last time with a friend who was living here (thanks, Dave!) and this time on my own - and have had the veggie wrap and tonight had the black bean burger. The veggie wrap was HUGE and had the most unique combo of ingredients - brown rice (like a soft burrito, mmm), broccoli, cauliflower, eggplant, carrots and I think a saffron seasoning. It was AMAZING. They were out of the black bean burger that first time so I had to try tonight and was NOT disappointed. Came with sliced roasted red peppers, lettuce, tomato and onions and on soft multi-grain bread. Delicious home fries on the side. YUM. I also recall that their trio of hummus is fantastic. And they have a good selection of bottled beers, including a local organic brew. As a side note - their Web site is rad! Very neat design and artwork throughout. Props for that, for sure! Oh - and I almost forgot to mention their dirt cheap prices! This place gets a San Francisco thumbs up, for sure! :)
2	Pita Jungle in general gets 4 stars, this location gets 2. This location at night is packed. The tables are always so close together and they pack 3 million people in a relatively small area. Its on the border of a fire hazard. I would rather have some space and have to wait for a table, then to be packed like sardines. The loud music on the weekend is annoying. The food is phenomenal, but try the Mesa or Gilbert location.
4	Mmmmm, I love Pita Jungle!  I have been frequenting this restaurant back when there was just the one on Apache and you ordered at the counter.  I live near this location on Dobson and Ray, so this has now become my place to go and get hummus and a chicken shwarma.   Since I've been coming here I pretty much only get those two items, knowing that they will be tasty and delicious.  I always order a large hummus and a couple of extra pitas and then box up the rest to eat later.  I gave 4 stars simply because the service can be hit-or-miss.  For example, I have received my food order- had it dropped off at the table and the person turn and leave- while I still have no plate or silverware.  Then I find myself waiting to find someone to ask for a plate and silverware.  Otherwise, start with a hummus and pick something else off the menu...you can't go wrong!  Just make sure you get a plate and silverware before your food!
4	I've been eating here for years since moving to AZ in '03, although it's been at least a year since I've visited this PJ location.  The hummus served here is one of the three best I've tried in the area (the other two were Sabuddy's (RIP) and Persian Room (nothing close to the first two, though).  It's been awhile since I had hummus (*allergy), but I seem to recall liking Persian Garden's, as well.  But I digress...Tried the smoked salmon wrap, and the mussels (a seafood special).  Also liked the hummus w/ chicken, w/c came with a couple of tomato wedges.  Would've liked a bit more!  Didn't like how they charge for extra pitas.  Curried chicken and potato lavosh is pretty tasty!  Liked their black bean burger, but it's been so long since I tried it that I cannot comment on whether it's house-made, or just a frozen patty from a major distributor.  All I can say that it was muy delicioso!  Spanakopita app was good, but portions were small.  Ooh, try the red bell pepper hummus... delicious!!  If you don't mind spicy, the jalapeno hummus isn't bad.  Desserts tend to be good, too.  Tried a raspberry cheesecake that was particularly flavorful and silky-smooth, and the vegan carob peanut butter shake (made w/ frozen yogurt), w/c, at the time, was only available at the Tempe location, was a treat on many levels!  I inquired if Chandler's were vegan, as well, but they're not (chocolate syrup), so I didn't try.Jazz on Thursdays was cool, but the belly dancer I saw on a Saturday was very much a beginner...  She seemed very nervous.  I hope she continued with it and is now enjoying success.
1	CATTLE CALL ?Ate here three times. The food is too bland for me. It tastes like diet food. If I want diet or healthy food I will eat at home. When I eat out I want food that tastes good. If that means adding lard, or salt, or sugar, or MSG... so be it.Made the mistake of sitting on the patio once.  I found out what sardines feel like.
4	I went here a few weeks ago on a Friday night with my boyfriend.  It was pretty packed.  I am almost 27 and I seemed to be on the younger side of the crowd, unless people just dress more mature than I was.  For an appetizer we got these amazing nachos that were enough for like 5-6 people.  For my meal I kept it simple and got the falafel pita.  It was very good, but I didn't like the kind of pickles used.  My boyfriend got one of the grilled chicken pitas and he loved it.  It was a little overwhelming with all of the lettuce in the pita.  I didn't get lettuce in mine.  The prices were very reasonable, but the wine was more expensive than what we ate.  It was hard to find a glass of wine that sounded yum under $7/glass.  I would definitely go back, but would probably get a beer instead.
4	Good overall, I recommend it. Informal, fast service, our waiter was brief but he did get the job done. I had tap water which didn't taste great...no biggie...just saying. Good for talking while eating.Detail:Two friends and I went on Saturday two weekends ago. I can't remember the time but it was somewhere between 7-9pm. I used to go to the Pita Jungle in Tempe near ASU a lot but it has been about three years since I was there and this was my first time at this location.The restaurant was full, maybe one or two tables were free the whole time we were there and that's including outside. Service wasn't affected though.We started with the large plain hummus, it was a lot, basically a whole dinner plate. But the small would have been too little for three people. It was good but not that different than store bought hummus, not saying that's a good or bad thing. Both of my friends got the Gyros which they thought were good. I can't exactly remember what I got, I wana say it was the chicken shwarma wrap dinner. I thought it was great. The chicken was tasty and kinda of sweet onions and it came with a little Greek salad which I liked. The orders were on the table oddly quick, not that that's a bad thing.I can't remember the cost, but it was not high for what you get.
4	Even though this place is a vegetarian's dream palace with many, many delicious options to choose from, I cannot give it the five stars I want to. Every time I go, which is often, I enjoy 80 percent of my meal. Especially, the cilantro-jalapeno hummus, which I just can't get enough of., and the mixed beans - in or out of a pita. This location is pleasant, too - on a faux-lake and not too crammed like the Tempe location. All that being said - there is WAY too much onion action in most of the dishes I've tried. Big chunks of breath-saturating onion. Most of the time, I can navigate around them, but sometimes I can't. Thus, four stars instead of five.
4	You'd think it hard for a granola, earthy/crunchy place like this to provide a consistent experience across locations. But I've been to three in the Valley, and they've all be on par with another.But this one is my "home town" PJ, so I'll review it. My wife is a veggie, so this has become a standard of ours. Plenty of grilled flesh for me and Firstborn, and lots of "no-mom" items for her.Yes, it's busy. Yes, it's crowded. You'll have a hard time telling your wait staff from the patrons. But that's part of the atmosphere. The food has always been tasty. The service always fast enough. And the price isn't crazy.
4	This is such a great place with a great food selection. I have recommended this restaurant to so many people and I don't think anyone has ever been disappointed with the food. It has been a while since I have been to this location. It is so close but yet so far! The food was great but I had to drop the rating by one star because the service was just not up to par. Our dining choices were the red pepper hummus (a must), grilled chicken pita, beef gyro pita with garlic potatoes, and an old fave spicy chicken wrap.
4	If you can endure the parking lot, you will enjoy eating at this Pita Jungle location. If you're flexible (at all), stay away from the traditional lunch time (12-2) as parking is a bear! Now - the food. Really good food with good prices. Chicken schwarma is awesome and the red bell pepper hummus is too! I call it a "carnival of flavor" ... I'm not sure it was really that good or if I was really that hungry - but everything tasted incredible ;) Nice outside patio seating next to the lake comes complete with free entertainment - ducks. Family friendly place that's also good for a quick lunch with a friend/co-worker or two. Commissioned art pieces decorate the place - so if you're an aspiring artist - this might be a good place for you, as well. Would I return? Absolutely!
3	I love Pita Jungle, I really do. The food is so good, I love the atmosphere and it's definitely priced right. But I have a complaint about my experience this past weekend. My three girlfriends and I went there for lunch and had a great time. Even introduced two of them to Pita Jungle and they loved the food.BUT our waiter was rather sneaky. Two of us paid for our meal on card and the other two put in cash...and needed change. Our waiter rather boldly said "all set! Thanks" and then promptly disappeared. Getting a rather hefty 35% tip. I mean he was a pretty good waiter, but by no means deserved a 35% tip! Yikes! I hope he had a happy night out at the bar that night.Oh and yes, the parking at this location is atrocious.
5	Pita Jungle is one of the best deals for food in town.  Very fresh ingredients and large portions for a great price.  I rarely if ever finish even half of my meal which gives me lunch for the next day.  I've had ever appetizer and they are all solid.  The nachos are a meal in itself.  They have tons of vegetarian options for those that don't eat meat or folks like me that want a break from it every once in a while.  We never pay more than $30 for 2 people and that includes two meals an appetizer and a couple of iced teas.  The place is very laid back and attracts a wide range of characters.  Someone forgot to tell them there is a recession, very busy during dinner time.  The food always comes out quick though.  Pita Jungle is in the weekly rotation for us due to the selection, affordability, and casual atmosphere.
5	I am a regular at this place and there are few places I can say that about. The food is excellent, authentic, and inexpensive. The waiters and waitresses may put you off at first by their casual appearance but it sets the comfortable atmosphere of this place. Inside is a little cramped but step out to the patio and you you can eat at the shore of a beautiful lake. The ducks are fun at first but as a regular, they can get annoying. Fortunately Pita Jungle has taken measures to stop them from visiting your meal. There Hummus is incredible and I also recommend their beef gyro and pesto pizza.
3	Co-workers rave about this place, so I gave it a try.  Tabouleh salad was tasty and hearty.  Iced tea was not good and staff seemed a little too busy for me to ever get a chance to exchange it.  Everyone was very friendly, though, and they accommodated us as a large party.  It seemed OK, but not a place I'm dying to return to.
3	I am a fan of the food ( especially the nachos!) I enjoy the fresh tasting food BUT know that the customer service at this place is definitely not up to par- the waiters & waitresses (I've had both) are not friendly nor personable...Great portions and fair prices - I go for the tasty food but not the service...it's  sad, but the poor service is almost expected (from experience) at this point.
4	In da jungle,Da Pita Jungle,The hummus rules the nite!Ah ooooooo.... in the jungleThe pita jungle...Dolmades were also tight... heh heh!OOOOHhhh ahhhh ooooh weh dumm di di day...(repeat).So I am singing about the Jungle because after a baptism there is nothing better than emersing your flavor buds into the BEST cilantro -lime- jalepeno hummus around!    Ok...Maybe one thing better might be having the thickest tzatziki west of Athens and yummy beef wraps.  Our group had things ranging from spicy chicken pizza, to chicken salads of various sorts ( by the way... loads of chicken on the salads!) and spanikopita.I wanted to give full marks but I felt that the service was a bit of a miss.  We had a large party and even though we asked for more roomy accommodations which were available... we were ignored blatently as they shoved all our orders onto a small space and pretended not to hear our request to add a table twice!!  Other than that, I noted that the server paid attention to refills very well and the service was certainly prompt.  They are assertive with posting the gratuity as the actual price on the initial bill....so if you don't look closely, you will have paid the tip twice.A- weema wak, a-weema wak  on that!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the valley. I've been to all of the locations but like this one the best because you can sit outside by the "lake" (which is really a pond by Michigan standards). The food is always fresh and absolutely wonderful. I've tried about 1/2 the items on the menu and love the lentil fetoosh salad, cilantro jalapeno hummus, tsatziki,  spicy mango shrimp, pesto pizza,  and pesto lavosh turkey wrap. The only item I was ever disappointed with was glazed-chicken lavosh pizza - it was terrible actually. I don't know if it was just a fluke that one time I tried it or not. With tip I usually pay between $10-$15 depending on if I get an appetizer.  The portions are somewhat large so you could split a meal and appetizer with one person and still feel full after the meal. Definitely try this restaurant, yum!
3	i must admit, when i first came here i was like hmmmm.. a little to roudy for me but as my food came i actually got comforablei had Spinich 4 cheese quesadilla (i know its a greek resturaunt) but it was yummy! i also had the cilantro-jalapino hummus (very very tasty) i tried some of the chicken meditteranian salad (it was ok) and i had spankopia (to die for) service was a little long but we had a big party, not to mention it was a Saturday night but stillother than that it was GREAT!
4	Pita Jungle is one of my favorites because the food is great AND healthy. I leave there satisfied unlike the other times I may eat healthy and leave a restaurant wanting something more.  I haven't found a favorite dish yet, darn... more research needed. Last week I enjoyed a tureen of Roasted Tomato Soup. Yes, I said tureen due to the size of their "bowl". Nice thing was I took it home and still had 2 servings.I think next time I'll try the sampler my friend had, it looked amazing. Why only 4 stars you ask? I found their hummus bland.....needs a little kick of garlic if you ask me. I see the red pepper hummus favorably reviewed-I'll order it next time.
4	It's about time I write a review for this place. I've been here numerous times, and am always pleased with the food and service. Since I'm pretty much a regular, the staff is usually very friendly and attentive. (I even bring them backed goodies during the holiday season.) The gazpacho, when available, is a must for me. All flavors of hummus are great, and usually some decent wine choices. Have tried many dishes, and haven't been dissatisfied. Their seems to be something on the menu for all tastes. Also, they're good about substitutions and variations when ordering. (Even Sally would be welcome!) This is one place I will ALWAYS recommend to people who haven't tried before.
2	had the chicken schwarma. it was too dry.
4	Let's cut the witty intro and get right down to the awesome food recommendations:Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus ... AWESOME!Hummus with Chicken ... AWESOME and filling!Spinach and 4 Cheese Quesadilla ... TASTY!Just go there. Go for lunch with a bunch of people on a sunny day and sit outside near the lake/pond. Go for dinner on a first date with a cute girl. Just go there.
4	I went here on a recommendation from a friend. It is located in a plaza so parking was a breeze. We went on a Sunday night, so it was fairly busy. But we were seated immediately and greeted by a waiter soon thereafter. I have to mention that there is no uniform in this place so the waiters/waitresses look live average Joes / Jills. When our waiter approached our table, I actually though he was just some guy coming to say "What's Up" and to meet some new people.There is plenty of seating in this place. There is a patio outside also but since my visit was during the abominable Phoenix summer, I elected to sit inside. The food is quite good. I ordered the hummus as an appetizer and it was served with pieces of Pita on the side. The hummus was tasty and creamy while the Pita was soft and chewy. Perfect combination. For dinner, I got the bouillabaisse, which was quite good. It was definitely better than the one I got at Church & State and it was half the price.
2	Everything about this place is just "OK"... nothing special, nothing creative.It was unique many, many years ago when it opened but now it is the same old, tired menu. Go to Sprouts or Whole Foods and get the same things for 30% of the cost and it take 2 seconds to make at home - or - find a better restaurant that has similar food.
4	Had the Hummus with chicken and it was awesome!!!! Was able to get half regular hummus/ half cilantro jalapeno hummus (which was great!). Had a falafel pita which was pretty good also. Waitress was very attentive and it was crowded. Will definitely go to again .
4	Very good food, nice atmosphere, AMAZING hummus.  Very nice lake-side dining.  The one time I did sit outside,the service could have been better.  They were kind of busy that evening though.  Would recommend and will go back in the future.
3	Just like having a water front meal on the coast of Mediterranean, except there is an apartment complex across water way.This location is the most scenic of the chain with a water front patio. The menu is the same as the other locations. The really inconsistency of the items on the menu. One of my frequent items is the veggie wrap, Some days it is vibrant with canalized onions and a strong taste of garlic, other days I need to use a pint of siracha to give it flavor. Alternatively for a lighter, cheaper meal I opt for the falafel pita, the falafel itself is one of the better ones in Arizona but still far from the best I ever had in Haifa, The pita is chewy and fresh and there is ample tahini and salad to fill the pita. I recommend this place for a lunch, or dinner on the patio. Occasionally on weekends there is live music inside which can make conversation a bit difficult.   Parking in this strip mall can be a bit tight too.
4	We've never had a bad time here. The food and the service have always been good. I like this location the best.. it has a more local, hipster vibe. They have art for sale by local artists decorating the walls. Even a few I would buy if they were in my price range. This is one of our go-to places for a quick, delicious, healthy meal. Sometimes we forget about it and we're debating about where to go.. Then one of us will remember Pita Jungle and the other one is like.. OOOOO, Pita Juuuunngle!"
1	This is one of the many Pita Jungle restaurants in the area which you can consider as a type of warning. My fiance and I went there for an anniversary dinner on a Friday night. The place was pretty full and a live jazz band was playing. After 10 minute wait we were seated. The hostess got us drinks and after than we received zero service from any of the staff. We had two waitresses circling around and making sure to avoid any eye contact. People that came 10 minutes after us were getting their food orders in before anyone even spoke to us. After 15 minutes of that, we left. The hostess was nice enough to not accept our money for the drinks, consider that's where the 1 star comes from.THE FOODNo idea. Two waitresses circled around us for 15 minutes making sure to avoid any eye contact. The menu is the same as any other one of these restaurants.SETTINGSame setup as all the other Pita Jungle restaurants. Staff sucks, except for the hostess.OVERALL: Will never be back to this location again and will not recommend anyone else to go there. Instead, I would recommend the Mesa location since it has a much better service, as in, they actually provide it.
5	Love this place. Great vegetarian meals, Always a great evening. Even the kids love it.
4	I love coming here in nice cool weather and enjoying the lake view on the patio, although the ducks are not always the most polite of dining companions.The last time I was here, I branched out and got the pesto pizza. Basically, it was a pita with pesto, a bunch of raw, barely cut up veggies (including an entire mushroom), and cheese, just melted for a moment. I was unimpressed.Luckily, it wasn't my first time. Their gazpacho, tomato and red lentil soups are all amazing, and my favorite is the spinach feta quesadilla. Best quesadilla I've ever had. The iced tea is delicious, they're quick to refill, and will often offer you a travel cup to go.Service, while a bit slow, is very friendly, and I love the number of vegetarian options.  Price point can be a bit high, but the food is good quality, and except the pita pizza, it is DELICIOUS. Looking forward to being a continuous customer.
4	Strange as it may feel to order something called the "Philly Steak Pita"--on the same menu with the "Macro Platter" (steamed veggies and tofu)--the Philly is one of the best items you can get here. It's finger-searing hot, a dripping mess of thin-sliced beef with grilled peppers, onions, and melting mozzarella cheese, a satisfying handful of goodness that's begging for an extra dollop of hummus or garlic sauce to create a stream of perfect bites. All for less than 7 bucks.I've been going to Pita Jungles for at least 15 years now, starting at the location by ASU and now mostly at this Chandler location. It's our standby when we want something on the healthy side. Very few items on the menu have ever disappointed, and the bang-for-the-buck here is high. Beyond the Philly, my favorites include: grilled veggie salad, chicken combo, and the lavosh shawarma wrap.I'd agree that the service can occasionally be a little snooty, trying to be a bit too-hip-for-you, but generally, we get good service here.
5	i'm not an arizona resident/native (but who is?).  i have 2 friends who live in the area and every time i come to visit, i have to come here.being from chicago, it's refreshing to have a healthy choice when i come visit.  i LOVE the chicken pasta salad.  i know, it's nothing fance, but it is refreshing and yummy.  i recreated the dish at home.  i also think the hummus is fab, too.being from chicago, i know good food.  pita jungle is a great place for healthy, refreshing food in a laid-back atmosphere.  eating outside by the lake is the best.
4	Ok seriously I don't miss Arizona but I sure in the hell miss this place. I daydream about this place....I miss everything on the menu because trust me I tried it...I was a hungry pregnant women on the prawl....besides I loved the live music and the hummus was out of this WORLD!!!If you haven't gone....go you won't regret it...It's one of the few things about Arizona I miss.....
3	I was really prepared to not like this place.  I've been here a few times, never been wow'd, and it's probably been a good year since I've been last.  So when my co-wkr wanted to go, I quietly groaned.But it wasn't bad, not at all.  I had the seared yellow tuna over salad, fish was a bit flavorless but the salad w/ sesame dressing was actually surprisingly tasty.  My friend ordered the Carribean salad, think basically HUGE fruit bowl for $10.  Order this if you're too lazy to chop a variety of fruit and eat that for breakfast for a few days in a row.  I kid you not.
3	My three stars are for the food only.  The food was good.  Service, on the other hand, was not so hot.  We were seated promptly and then no one came to even take a drink order for almost 10 minutes.  My daughter sat happily coloring.  One thing about this location that I noticed.....the tables seem to be right on top of one another.  The women sitting next to us looked irrated that a child was now sharing her seat.  The guys on the other side of us were using bad language in their conversation. I don't mind being seated close to others but others mind when you bring a child into the mix.  In my opinion we should have been seated at a table that was not so close to others or close to the other children that were there.  After 10 minutes our server finally showed and apologized for the wait.  He took our order and the food arrived fairly quickly.  My daughter loves the pasta here and I had the Chicken Del Sol.  This is like a southwest chicken stew and it was very good.  Flavorful and filling.  Again the ice tea here is the best!  I could drink a gallon of it.   And our server was kind enough to give me a to go cup with a refill and he refilled my daughter lemonade as well.  This location could use some work, in my opinon.  The front doors look very worn and the interior here needs some sprucing up.  And maybe some reaargement of the tables too.
5	Tastes fresh and delicious. Plus they have huge portions. It is a win win. I recommend their falafel sandwiches.
4	Okay, I'm not a vegetarian, and most of the stuff I've tried here was a little out of my normal range.But the food is phenomenal!And how many places can you go in this area and have dinner overlooking a lake?  (Okay, it ain't Lake Tahoe, but it IS water).Service isn't always perfect, so don't be in a hurry.  But the staff are very nice, the atmosphere is great, and did I mention the great food?
4	Not sure what to expect, I was pleasantly surprised by the location, the food and good service. Sat on the back patio overlooking the waterfront. Our appetizer Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus was absolutely delicious. I look forward to enjoying it again. Two friends ordered the Spicy Chicken Wrap.....it was HUGE....and very very spicy. I ordered the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap - it was ok, I added the hummus to the sandwich and enjoyed it more. Delicious greek salad. So many other things on the menu that I'd love to try -Hummus w/Seared Ahi TunaRoasted Red Pepper HummusFalafel PlatterChicken Del SolYellowfin Tuna Honey Sesame SaladBlack Bean BurgerGlazed Chicken Lavosh Pizza
2	Pita Jungle Chandler location...What is going on? I have frequented this location for the last few years and to be quite honest I have never been 100% satisfied because it is always hit and miss. Either you get crappy service and good food or crappy food and good service. In this neck of the woods you really don't have a neighborhood hangout that offers healthy fair. So it is the GO to place when you want to stay close to home and don't want the big chain restaurants nearby. Over the years I have come to order the same thing because it was simple and easy. The chicken and hummus plate with a greek salad is my usual. About 2 months ago my roomie and I went in and we switched it up a bit and got the salmon and hummus with the greek salad. The salad had wilted greens. I am not talking about one or two but practically the whole salad. Well I finally flagged down my waitress whom I show the lettuce to and ask for a new salad. Well she has this look on her face like....what's wrong with that lettuce? She brings a new salad with the same crappy lettuce. She did not even ask if this particular salad was OK. This makes no sense for a restaurant that touts "fresh and healthy" in their mantra to serve this type of produce. Not to mention it is right next to Sprouts and Whole Foods is down the street. Hello Pita Jungle...if your produce stinks go buy fresh produce.Anyway I emailed the store and got a prompt reply back from the manager. She stated that they have been having some issues with the line, thanked me for my email and sent me a $25 gift card. I have to say I was very impressed. Especially since I really did not want to write a bad review because this was an easy fix. As for the crappy service I could live with it on occasion. I know good help is hard to find in the restaurant business.So tonight I decided to get my usual with my gift card. First off I see they have online ordering, which by the way did not work. So I call. I must have called 5 times before someone answered the phone and the phone rang for well over a minute once. I thought maybe they were closed on Mondays. Finally someone picks up and takes my order.I get there a few minutes later and the place is jumping but not crazy crowded. However, the staff is always running around crazy but it looks like they are getting things done. I am waiting to get my order and 3 people asked if I was being helped. Great Service btw. But alas always hit or miss. My food comes out a few minutes later and I am off. I get home anxious to see if my greek salad got an upgrade to better lettuce. Lets just say it was the same as my previous visit. I had half the nerve to take a pic to show but it really does not matter. I don't feel like wasting anymore time or energy on this place. To top off the bad lettuce the pita was stone cold. You never get cold pita when you dine-in but my pita was hard as a rock. That was the final straw. The thing is they have so much potential at this location. But they just can't get it right.I will no longer frequent this Pita Jungle. There might be a hope for the other locations but as far as Chandler goes spare yourself the game of Russian Roulette.
2	"Let's meet at the Chandler Pita Jungle!" texts fiddle r dee. "What's it near? Like the mall proper?" I text back. "Dobson and Ray!" she exclaims (she's easily excitable it's pretty cute the first hundred thousand times but after that it's like wha'ev's :p) "What the hell!?! That's not near the mall!!!" I shout in my mind. I had no idea that there was anything else in Chandler besides that obnoxious mall, an In-n-Out Burger, and were all the house wives whose husbands aren't wealthy enough to give them houses in Scottsdale lived. I couldn't believe it. Amazing. So I park the chrome trimmed tank and burst through the doors looking for the fiddle r and a bunch of friggin' ducks that she has been eyeballing for lunch. She urged me several times in class via text to hurry because raw duck gives her indigestion and she didn't think the proprietors would look favorably upon her preparing her own lunch on the patio (unlike the Monastery). She was ravenous and there's a fierceness that comes out when she gets that way. It would be scary if it didn't makes me giggle. Anywhodunnit, yah, a friggin' patio and with friggin' ducks! I love friggin' ducks! Oh yah, around noon this place is filled with soccer moms mostly minus their spawn but a couple of the moms stole them away from their nannies long enough to show the brats off to the other soccer moms. I imagine the conversations go a little like this, "Look how much more better and how much more pretty my baby, I forget its name, is than your baby that you forgot its name is." "oh yah, but at least my husband, I forget his name, bought me better tits than your husband, you forget his name, did." and then they go runnin' for the shelter of their mothers' little helper... I think this is why I wasn't really noticed when I first walked in and asked about the ducks I look nothing like these people, my soul had not been crushed by the fact that I sold my dreams for a cookie cutter cardboard existence (mostly because I sold my soul in 4th grade, a long time ago).I finally found fiddle r at her table on the patio and exchanged glares I sat to wait another ten minutes until someone asked us if we needed help. Luckily for the staff the conversation was fairly good otherwise the fork that Ms. fiddle r was fiddling (she's an amazing fiddler) with would have ended up in someone's temple a couple of times.When we finally received a bit of wait attention nothing on the menu jumped out at me. I was thinking lamb or pork gyro. Sad face for Howard, beef gyro for me. Fiddle r ordered the Lavosh Shwarma wrap that read like it might be the good side of yummy but I didn't want to order the same thing because I wanted to be different.I've been to one other Pita Jungle (across from MCC in Mesa on Southern) three times in total but have never been overly impressed by them but seemed fairly competent. This one fell inline with it's sister store even with the strange beef in the gyro that I think they try to make look like lamb but in rectangular slices. WHERE IS THE FRIGGIN' LAMB!?! The exception as far as the food is concerned was the Blue Corn Nachos that fiddle r ordered for us. Someone in the kitchen dumped a bucket of goodness onto a plate and slathered it with cheesy gooey-ness! Yum! Fiddle r and I enjoyed it muchly as did the ducks. And actually ducks like a lot of things I wouldn't have thought like tomatoes, beans, beef, and chicken. I wished they served duck because that would have been hilarious.What made this place fun was not the food (2.25-2.5 stars - I changed my mind.) and definitely not the service we received (2 stars, I wasn't even asked if I wanted another beer) it was the shaded friggin' patio located on the edge of a man-made lake-ish type water feature and the friggin' ducks and as always the friggin' company.
2	i almost died of dehydration...water, water everywhere, and not an attentive server in sight. i blame this on howard B. who could not get his A in gear. i guess the fact that my party of one waiting to double proved to puzzle the pita peddlers, one asked me if i had been helped and i said no, but i was waiting for someone... so no rush...she asked if i would like a drink and i said i would love an iced tea. it must have been a survey because she never came back. i chatted with the ducks for awhile, evidently people in chandler do not talk to ducks, i think that is speciesist, but understandable because i eventually grew tired of their complaining about obamacare and intellectual property laws..i decided that i wanted to eat them, luckily howard arrived to talk me out of it. yay service...no, not yet. only when I exclaimed "what is going on here?" in reference to something typically unsavory, did our hot pants waitress take notice. being loud does pay....blue corn nachos and lavosh shawarma subbing out the greek salad for taboule of course. i love taboule and pita jungle does it well so one star for the taboule. the blue corn nachos were meh (sorry howard) but the ducks enjoyed them. there is a woman who works here who takes a bit of enjoyment from scaring the ducks away by whipping a blue cloth at them, and hey...not so nice lady. ducks love chicken..did you know? this bothers me a little but makes me happy to like chicken as well. so the the other star is for the ducks. to the lady who scares the ducks...i got a warm tingle in my heart when you stepped in the duck poo. quack
4	I probably first started going to this Pita Jungle in 2001 or 2002. For the longest time there were only two Pita Jungle restaurants in The Valley. The other location was in Tempe on Apache Rd. Since 2005, they've just boomed all over the place.I love Mediterranean food. It's healthy, delicious and exotic. The Pita Jungle introduced me to it and I will forever be greatful. One dish that this particular Pita Jungle serves that I haven't seen in their other locations is a lamb shank dish. Now I haven't been to this particular location for a year or two so I'm not sure if they actually still serve it. Lamb is a pricey dish so I don't always get to enjoy it. Whenever I get a chance to visit this location, I never fail to order it. It's tender, tasty and the meat easily pulls from the bone. Another great feature at this location is the lake located at the back of the restaurant. It makes for a great view while you either sit by the window or in the patio. Whenever you finish your meal, you can walk it off on the paved trail surrounding the man-made lake or visit the other stores and restaurants that do business next to it.
2	Price:  yes, it's expensive for what you get.  i bet the owners are from Scottsdale, and they'd insist that's what people SHOULD pay for this stuff.Service:  it's sketchy, so things will go better if you'd just keep your expectations down.Taste:  everything i've tried has been good-to-excellentOne last thing-- the tables are so incredibly crammed together, that wait staff has trouble walking around the chairs that people are sitting in.Enjoy!
4	I would say that I prefer the Mesa location simply because it tends to be quieter but this one is within walking distance for me so it's often the one I go to.  Plus I like sitting out out by the lake when the temperature finally becomes reasonable.I was reading the previous reviews and a lot of people have had problems with the service but I've never had anything but wonderful service here.  I've eaten here during busy and slow times and the service has always been pretty consistant.  The food is excellent and, I think, appropriately priced.  I love going to a restaurant where a good chunk of the food is vegetarian because that is so rare.   I especially love their Gazpacho, Roasted Red Pepper Hummus and Spinach Cheese Lavosh thing on their app menu.  I do eat fish occasionally so my only sadness is that they stopped carrying the Tuna Melt Pizza which was to die for.  Maybe they'll bring it back someday.......can you hear me Pita Jungle?
3	I tried Pita Jungle for the first time and I am deeply disappointed that I was not greeted with: "Welcome to the jungle."What a missed opportunity! Seriously!I found the food to be pretty OK, not outstanding.  I had the chicken schwarma (aka Mediterranean chicken wrap on the menu) and it was no schwarma from Al Hana at Biaz Market, my friend.The chicken was plentiful, and cubed. The lettuce was fresh and plentiful.  The sauce was some kind of garlicky-tahini-hummus tasting concoction that was fine.  The portion was just fair for the nearly 8 dollar price tag.My server Valerie was a real treat so I would rate the service as 4 star even though that doesn't seem to jive with other reviews.
4	We decided to try a different PIta Jungle that we hardly ever go to.  We waited to be seated and we arrived before another bigger group but was seated after them.  She came out and verified that there were 2 of us but there was 6 of us.  So she took back the wrong group and had to end up waiting a little longer.  We were starving and with 3 kids.  We were seated and ordered our food which arrived rather quickly.  Our server was great and on top of things.  I would return here because i love their food and that location isn't too bad.
2	Oh dear, this one of those fusion restaurants, they want to be authentic Mediterranean but they need to be extra certain they are catering to their demographics. If ya know what i'm sayin'.Anyways, this place is decent. The only issue I have is that the food is overpriced and really isn't very authentic. This fact combined with the fact that its not a lot of food for your money, aka bad value makes it lose a few points in my book.The service is good, the staff is very friendly and its worth a visit, who knows you might like it? If you can't make it to Haji Baba in Tempe, or Baiz Market in Phoenix, then I suppose you can check this place out. Don't expect to be wowed too much. I pretty much never crave the food here, and the only reason it might be worth coming here is if you have a party of like 4 or more. Haji Baba and Baiz probably cannot realistically accommodate large parties.
3	Shmeh.  Pita Jungle (pronounced hoon-glay...kidding, not really) is an area standard in many respects, but when looked at objectively, it's kind of a mish mosh.  And a mediocre one at that.  Don't get me wrong - the food isn't bad.  It's just that if you are jonesing for anything Mediterranean, this is not your place.  The menu is loosely inspired by mid east cuisine, but really, it's more of an upscale, continental restaurant with hummus barely wafting through the air.  Chicken in any form is well-seasoned and moist, baba ghanoush is toothsome, as is hummus, though not better than Trader Joe's, sadly.  Taboule used poorly chopped curly parsley (really, that stuff should be reserved for garnishes and nothing else - flat parsley is the way to go) and was a little underdressed.  Hubby's salmon was fishy and tasted like it hadn't been seasoned.  Underwhelming all in all.That all being said, with the lake view, well-appointed decor, modern art slicked walls, live music and potent drinks, this place is more of a spot for sipping and nibbling than tucking into generous plates of mideast fare.  Maybe they should call it the Pita Lounge (minus the pita).
5	Love this place! The falafel and hummus is delicious here! Be sure to ask for the whole wheat pita, it's healthier and tastes way better. They also used to have an item called a "medchilada" same concept as an enchilada  but way tastier, the portion is pretty large (I eat a lot so when I say it's huge, believe me) so I would suggest sharing it with someone. I always get it with tofu, tried it with meat but it just wasn't the same. Now although this is no longer on the menu, you can still order it. All you have to do is ask :)
5	I don't know where they get the pickles that go in the beef Gyro's but I cannot get enough.  So yummy, I always ask for more.This place takes me out of the desert and puts me in a much more hip city.I absolutely love the Tsatziki, full of garlic that you are protected from vampires but cannot kiss another human being until you do a thorough mouth clean up.  Still worth it.  Bad for first date.Go here.  Eat here.  Your will be pleased.  If not, there might be something wrong with YOU!
5	LOCATION: In the Sprouts shopping center on Dobson and Ray.ATMOSPHERE: Wow! Nice! I like the atmosphere here more than the Scottsdale location (see review) because of the super nice patio with a lakeside view. Who would have thought that was back there in this Sprouts shopping center. Very nice surprise.  Crowd is diverse with families, older and younger couples. FOOD: Extensive selection of which was ordered:1. Hummus with ahi tuna - excellent! Comes with pita bread. I've tried the chicken version which is also very tasty. I like this one waaay better. 2. Chicken sampler platter - beans, white garlic sauce, rice, grilled chicken, pita bread. I tried the chicken only and it was also very good. Nicely seasoned but chicken was tad bit on dry side would be my only complaint. PERKS: Looks like excellent happy hour specials (apps, drinks) M-F with reverse happy hour daily. Full bar available.SERVICE: Excellent. No complaints. CONCLUSION: Good food, great atmosphere. Will be back!
4	Well I've been at this Greek food thing for a little while now and I can say with certainty that this is one of the better places I've eaten. I have not been to any other Pita Jungle location, because this was my first time eating there... but I've had many a chicken schwarma. I was a little put off by the lack of description on the menu of what their items actually had in them. For someone that had no experience with Greek food, my mom was overwhelmed trying to figure out what to eat on the menu. I was kind of annoyed also that they didn't call their food what it is traditionally called really at any other Greek place I've been to. Some of the names were the same, but saying Mediterranean Roasted Chicken Pita... one would think, WTF is that?This place was REALLY loud when we went on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. I don't even want to know what this place is like Friday or Saturday night. Fortunately, there was no wait while I was in but that didn't stop us from being here for longer than I would have liked to. Our waiter wasn't all that attentive. Probably the best part of dining at this location is being able to sit out on the patio by the water and see the ducks floating by. However, the tables and chairs on the patio are rather uncomfortable and you'd think for a place that is doing so well they'd be able to put out a better patio scene. Anyways, I would probably go back if I lived in the area. I've paid less for better.
5	I have been told by several Arizonians that I must try Pita Jungle! And it is simply amazing! I have been to a lot of mediterranean restaurants and this truly tops my experiences of them all. The food is awesome! Absolutely everything on the menu sounds delicious! The cilantro jalapeno hummus I had is outstanding! You must order this when you go. Simply amazing. Every ingredient is so flavorful and the food just melts in your mouth. You must GO!
4	Pita Jungle = wholesome love.I'm a big fan and lover of Pita Jungle and have frequented the original Tempe location numerous times ever since hs back in 98 and have enjoyed many chicken shwarmas and hummus plates BUT the Chandler location rocks! I just love their space in the Anderson Springs Plaza, it's airy, love the art, the lighting, the staff and the overall feel. Atmosphere aside, like the Pita in tempe and the Jungle in Mesa at Dobson and Southern, the food is just awesome. I believe this is the location that I fell in love with my all time favorite item on the menu and that is the chicken pasta salad, a concoction of Marinated grilled chicken breast tossed with rotini pasta, fresh tomatoes, with lemon vinaigrette. Eversince first bite, I have been enamored by this simple pasta salad, the lemon vinaigrette is simply delicious intermixed with the pasta, I usually ask for extra tomatoes coz i love my lycopene. And I tend to order it often, I must remind you all that I'm not a fan of the norm but this dish does it to me. Anywho, tonight, I tried something new, after being reassured by my friend Dani that it's alright to live life on the edge, so, i got myself the Philly Steak Pita. YUM, liked it not loved it but I'll order it again in the future. BUT i still love my chicken pasta salad.
1	1 star for the horrible to go service.I'm writing this review after 5 tries of ordering to go, so I think my rating is fair. Restaurants thrive on consistency. Well Pita Jungle is consistent--on horrible service.The hostess who took my order on the phone was very rude. She constantly told me to "speak up, I can't hear you" in a rude manner. A customer friendly approach would be "I'm sorry, our restaurant is loud, can you please speak up."After placing my order, I asked for the total. She rudely responded "I don't have it front of me." Again, a nicer approach would be "I will have your total upon your arrival" or something to that extent. Picking up the order was another ordeal of rude service!I often order to go from my favorite restaurants. After 5 experiences of horrible phone service and pick up service, Pita Jungle is a "no go" for me!
4	What can I say? I LOVE the hummus and pita. The Greek salad is also wonderful. The gyros and wraps also are very good. It is a small artsy atmosphere that I enjoy and has a European flare that is nice. They sometimes have live music on the weekends. It is a nice spot.
4	Yesterday, I dined at the Pita Jungle.  I was thinking the place would have decor similar to Rainforest Cafe with a jungle type scene, but that was not the case.  It was a well maintained sit-down restaurant, but with more of a chill atmosphere.  I got the white meat chicken pita sandwich that came with onions, tomato, and cucumber sauce.  It was a great portion and just for $6.50!  I was very impressed, and I will have to come back and try something new!
2	I have been to two pita jungle locations. This one is probably the worse of the two. I have eaten in this establishment, ordered online, called for a to go orders, and ordered to go at the location itself. First I will start with the food. Food: I actually really like the food at Pita Jungle. Granted, I have only had 3 or so items off of the menu. The entree I get the most often is the Hummus and Tabbouleh salad with pita. I love their hummus. It is so creamy with the right amount of flavor. I always get a large order so I can have some for lunch the next day. The tabbouleh is ok. I have not had any other tabbouleh salad to compare it to, but usually I have to add my own flavorings because its pretty bland. Its parsley with cracked wheat, some tomatoes and onions. I usually squeeze some lemon juice on it, and then add the garlic and oil from my garlic mushrooms that I order (which I love. Garlic and mushrooms. Honestly, what's not to love?) as well to give it some extra flavor. If they did that on their own it would be great. Its also pretty watery so I have had to ask for it on the side, or extra dry. But this should be done automatically, because who wants watery tabbouleh sitting on top of hummus, which then also gets watery? Nobody! I have also had the falafel pita, which is ok. Sometimes the falafel balls have been really good, other times overcooked and almost burned. Its hit or miss. I have also had the 1000 beans. Pretty good. I have had the trio of hummus before but I prefer the original flavor. The roasted red pepper just didn't taste very good, and the jalapeno wasn't spicy at all. Eating in the restaurant: We have had a few different waiters. Usually when we have the guys they are more friendly. But the women that work here are rude and cold. We haven't had a problem with any of our food eating in the restaurant. But we have had to wait for long periods of time for our waiters to come around once in awhile. Even when it is not busy in here. Everyone here is apparently allowed to dress as they please. Last night I was in here and some girls bra was hanging out of her shirt. I am sorry, but nobody wants to see that when they are eating dinner. No matter how cute you think you look. Its trashy. They seriously need some sort of dress code in these places, even if its just jeans and a t-shirt that covers your boobs. Ordering online: There have been problems with this to the point I don't do it anymore. Some items they offer in the restaurant are missing from the options to choose from online. I have ordered online, gone to the store to pick up, and my order was missing. Then the girl who takes to go orders, called every single other pita jungle location in Arizona to find my order. Seriously? Just place a new order. There have also been times where I order something, and it didn't show up on my order, so I end up waiting around an extra 10 minutes because they have to make it after all of my other food has already been finished. I would say skip ordering online. Call in orders and ordering at the restaurant: The girl who is in charge of to go orders is extremely rude and snobby. She never says hello when we walk into the store. Just stares at us until we order. Uncomfortable. And then when we do order, she seems like its such a labor intensive job when we order 4 things. Get a grip girl. I have also ordered my tabbouleh on the side before and then I never got it, even though I paid for it. I didn't realize this until I was at home already and was pissed but not enough to go back and let my food get cold over a salad. I also have paid for pitas I have not received. Just make sure if you order to go, check your bag of food before you leave to make sure you have gotten everything you have paid for. They must tie their bags in a knot for this reason, they want to gip you and not have you check. I learned my lesson. I check every time now. I like the food (hummus) enough at Pita Jungle to keep coming back, but I should probably look for a more friendly location to frequent. This one just doesn't vibe well with me. So I will give this place 2 stars for the food. But 0 stars for everything else.
3	Good place for casual lunch here in Chandler. Location in a strip mall can be a bit of turnoff. The hummus is delicious. A large plate is enough for four people to share. Sandwiches & salads are huge!  Always have plenty for leftovers for the next day. Never tried their bar but it was certainly busy for a Saturday afternoon. I think they could expand their patio a little bit, but otherwise an okay place to eat here in Chandler.
5	Pita Jungle has earned a very special place in my heart as "comfort food".  I've been enjoying their incredible food for over 10 years now.  I feel confident in assuring you that anything on the menu is thoughtfully crafted and Incredibly delicious.As much as I adore this establishment, I will offer one warning:My friends and I typically avoid the apache Blvd. location.90% of the time we manage to get a server named something akin to "rainbow flower" or "moon stream" and they tend to forget you are there or choose to ignore you completely.  Rest  assured, the food is consistently amazing, It's just the service.This location (ray rd.), however, has always impressed me with impeccable service.
4	Love this place. eat here at least once a month. I always order the lavosh shawarma & chicken del sol. enough said
4	i do so love pita jungle! i usually get the mediterranean platter, which is enough to share and has a bit of everything on it. a few times i've gone they've been out of falafel but are more than happy to subsitute. the chicken lavosh pizza is also amazing. this location doesn't have the usual servers named "starflower" or "rainforest" and i like that. the leftovers are always good as well- a definite plus in my book!
4	I decided to have lunch today at Pita Jungle, since it has been quite some time since I have been here! As always I love the atmosphere of the place... very casual, all the staff is friendly and polite and the food is GREAT!!! For some reason I have been craving Greek a lot lately so I took a chance on the Beef Gryo and it was pretty delicious but probly not the best thing on the menu. I am definitely excited to go back and try more new things.
4	Took a friend here for her birthday this past week, we had a waiter named Bo there, WOW, such great service! We had the 4 cheese Quesadillas and the mash potato hummus with garlic. LOVE the ice tea there. You just can NOT beat good food, excellent service and good friends.
1	My love affair with Pita Jungle is a long one.....perhaps longer than any other restaurant, certainly longer than I can remember, and at least for the adult portion of my life, which is why it pains me to write this review. For the last 6 months, I have ordered takeout one day a week from this location, typically on a Friday or Saturday. The ridiculousness that has become my adult life has necessitated a heavy reliance on takeout for my main source of nourishment. Although the food is always spot on at Pita, my takeout experience has been anything but. The prior 3 out of 4 times I went to pick up my food, I ended up waiting past the promised time. Now I'm not unreasonable, waiting 5 or 10 minutes is not a big deal, but each time has been a wait of 25 to 30+ minutes past the pick up time, with no apologies or explanations. I was beginning to wonder if they had ever started cooking my food before I got there. The last time I must've looked really irritated, because I was offered an obligatory baklava for my wait. Used to the wait, I started showing up 5 to 10 minutes past the promised time, just as preventative maintenance. Imagine my surprise when my order was ready as promised thie time. I left with my bag of food and a smile on my face. I get back to my friend's house, open the bag, and begin to realize just how badly the order has been screwed up. We ordered 4 items, 3 of which were wrong. I load one item up and head back to Pita. Making me wait a ridiculous amount of time for my food is one thing, but blatantly screwing up my order is too much. As I explain my situation to the takeout girl, she goes to get the Manager who proceeds to inform me that I ordered it wrong. As I struggle to keep my cool, I inform them that they must be mistaken. One item was ordered with chicken, my item was turkey, and the other two were salads. Everything came with chicken. The salads were for my vegetarian friends, and I'm allergic to chicken. There's no way you're going to convince me I ordered chicken for myself and two vegetarians. Sorry, try again. Without too much ado, the correct dishes were provided, and yet another obligatory baklava was offered. I declined. There is only so much wrong that baklava can right. Don't get me wrong, their baklava is amazing, but it's not going to make up for them screwing up my order, then trying to blame it on me. Oh, and did I mention that they gave me a coupon for a free appetizer? Too bad the coupon expires in a few days. I'm afraid I will be taking my weekly Friday takeout business elsewhere, until enough time has passed that maybe, just maybe, I can find it in my heart to forgive Pita Jungle. In the meantime, I suggest you try to get it together down there. In case you missed the count, that's 4 out of the last 5 takeouts you missed the mark on, including 1 you tried to blame on me. That's shameful.
5	Great food and awesome service.
5	Very good food options, many are healthy. hummus and spicy chicken wrap are the best.  Mango shrimp is good. Service is MUCH better than it was years ago. Moving in the right direction.
4	Service is shaky but the food is always great! It's hard to find a restaraunt that takes nutrition into consideration when creating a menu and Pita Jungle does just that.
5	Pita Jungle is one of my all time favorite places to eat so needless to say, I am a regular at this particular location. I am a creature of habit so I tend to order the same thing a lot (delicious babaganoosh, lavosh pesto turkey wrap, grilled veggies, chicken..etc) but I must say that I have never been disappointed in anything I've eaten at Pita Jungle. The food is very fresh and they have plenty of healthy choices which is important to me.  The portions are large so I can split a meal or bring home left overs. The prices are fantastic for the amount and quality of food that you get.The atmosphere at this Pita Jungle is fantastic.  I am a huge fan of sitting on the porch by the lake! In addition to that, I love the fact that the employees are encouraged to truly be unique individuals in how they dress and express themselves. I appreciate the diversity and ability to feel totally comfortable with my surroundings. There is one server in particular (Bo) that I have really been impressed with.  He (and the manager) have ensured that I have a positive experience with every visit. The service has always been outstanding as the employees and manager clearly care about customer service and make it their top priority.I cannot recommend Pita Jungle enough...you will not be disappointed!
5	The food at Pita Jungle is awesome! Love the hummus, falafel and mozzarella and tomato to name a few. I have had the Mediterranean Chicken Salad my last couple of visits and it is really good. Their passion tea is always my drink of choice.Have been going to Pita Jungle for years now and typically dine at the Chandler location. I have had Bo for a food server mulitple times and he is awesome!!! Today I decided to request him because I really like the level of service that he provdes and he is playful and fun. He has many attributes that really set him apart. You can tell when people like what they do and are very customer service oriented. It is always refreshing to see this. I will continue to ask for Bo. He is a super cool chill guy and on point with keeping the customer happy.
4	The food at Pita Jungle is really good.  I love everything I have had there.  If you are there in the fall or spring, sitting on the patio overlooking the lake is really nice.
3	The manager was excellent. The waitress was wonderful. The view and the staff is beautiful. Only bad thing was the food and the punctuality. The burger I ordered was cold. The potatoes were freezing. They took back the plate to be reheated. Came back out. . . Colder. Wtf?? Sunday evening during th rush hour isn't the best time to come. Only complaint. Still a good eat.The manager was quick to fix everything. One of the best experiences having to deal with one regarding this. Would I come back? Possibly.
4	I've only been here once and both my husband and I were surprised at how good the food happened to be. We didn't actually eat there..We sat at the bar and waited for our food and then took the food home. We were both surprised at how large the menu was and we had a hard time picking out what we wanted to try. We we got home and dug in the food was great and we were NOT disappointed.
5	my fav place to eat. I go there every year for my Birthday with my mom, I take my bestie when she comes to visit, great atmosphere, food is delicious, I love the hummus and gyros, pitas are fantastic, wish i could find those exact pitas at the store! Their tea is my fav. The honey past with grilled veggies and chicken is to die for!! I can't say I have ever had a bad meal there. FABULOUS!!!
4	The place is pretty nice looking. I myself did not feel comfortable sitting on the raised seats section so we waited longer to be seated. The lake view is nice. There was live music starting when we left. The place is clean and the food is good. Also not expensive.
5	Love the red pepper hummus try the lemon vinagrette on everything its the best !
5	So easy to give 5 stars. The food is awesome. Not going to go into tons of details. Try it, you will be delighted....the specials are always something new and great as well!
4	I chose to have a happy hour snack here a couple of days ago. It had been a while since I was a patron here, and some hummus sounded amazing at the time. And, as always, the hummus (all 3) was excellent. I opted to sit on the patio overlooking the lake that sits just across a small patch of grass and a concrete pathway. "How did this pond get here?" I thought for just a moment...then decided I didn't care because my black bean burger was being brought out to me.The service is almost always amazing. The guest ducks, unfortunately, have been trained by those with lesser wills to beg table-side for some scraps from your plate, and subsequently crap all over the dining area floor. All I hear from the white duck is 'quack quack!', which I assume in duckinese means 'more hummus', but I can't be too sure. I don't even know Spanish. Other than the pandering ducks, my experience here was very good again. Looking forward to the next visit!
5	I've been eating here for years and never had a bad meal, that being said you should go. Its excellent food and hands down the best in chandler.
5	Been here 4 times and everytime I've enjoyed what I've had. Very local and fresh, kind of a hipster type of place. Local art on the wall, wait staff seems stoned, and the mango tea, is addictive. PESTO PIZZA add chicken is the BOMB!!! Do not come here with out ordering the cilantro/jalapeno hummus......orgasmic!!! I would pay big money for that receipe!!!
3	I seriously love Pita Jungle. I've been eating at the Tempe location since it was a little hole in the wall but this location at Ray and Dobson is just too busy (I think). As much as I love the food I think the kitchen staff should take a little more time in preparing their dishes. The other day I ordered a lentil salad for lunch that was soo delicious but I'm 99% sure the rice was bad and I became violently ill right after lunch. Too bad... Secondly, I ordered a vegan version of a meal that did have chicken in it and substituted it for tofu for my vegan friend. I came home with the food to come to find chicken was in his meal. This could have been really bad if we didn't notice it right away. I just hope that someone from Pita can read this post and realize that a loyal customer just wants to give some constructive criticism. I love this restaurant but if I keep running into these situations I'm going to have to deem it another careless chain restaurant which is NOT what I'd want to do at all.
5	Love this place!  Great outdoor patio with misters, looking out to the lake.  Food is fantastic, large variety in menu options, best kids menu around and excellent customer service.  And to top it off, their prices are very reasonable.  A great value for the whole family!
4	Pita Jungle has become one of my favorites in the Gilbert/Chandler area. Great spinach pie, awesome hummus, large portions, nice view. I usually order appetizers because I can never finish a whole meal and even then I often take home leftovers.
5	My wife and I own Hawaiian Experience Spa in the same center as this Pita Jungle and have found this to be a life saver. We try to eat healthy even when working long hours and Pita Jungle is where we go. Today we had lunch and dinner there! The service is great and everything we have had has been excellent. Today we had the Chipolte Chicken Lavosh Pizza. For $9.49 it was enough for us both.We also order from Pita Jungle at the spa for our date night treatments which include dinner. We try to get only the best for our clients and Pita Jungle is our #1 choice.
5	Very impressed with the quality of ingredients used in their food! It's healthy delicious and a great price for sizable portions. Relaxed environment for low key date nights and very personable wait-staff.
4	Would give it 5 stars except I hate the parking lot. We ended up walking over (again, because of the parking lot and it's a good family walk before and after dinner from where we live). The staff was very helpful; we had a baby stroller and our dog with us. The girl got us a table on the patio closest to where we could tie up the dog and leave the stroller outside off their grounds so we could stay closeby.May I say, I intended to try the hummos but have had bad hummos experiences nearby, so I just got the small. mmmmmmmmm it was WONDERFUL. We ended up ordering another hummos--large, this time, and she split the large 1/2 and 1/2--1/2 regular, 1/2 cilantro jalapeno (based on other Yelp reviews, we wanted to try it). We ate every bite. The pita bread came out warm (not like some places where you apparently have to ask for warm pita bread).  The pita chips weren't that good, so we ended up chucking them out to our dog, who gladly ate them all :)The chicken portion on the salad was HUGE, as was the salad. Another reivewer mentioned that the chef didn't know how to cut the lettuce into normal pieces, and I agree. I shouldn't have to shove a huge partial-romaine leaf into my mouth or wonder how to cut it or should I rip it with my hands first, kind of an ordeal.  We ended up sharing my salad, as the gyro was big enough for 1 person, but my hubby works outdoors so he always can eat his and part of mine if need be.  Normal people would probably ended up having a doggie bag to take home.If it's nice enough to sit outside, do so; it's right by the Lake at Andersen Springs and a lovely atmosphere.
1	I so love Pita Jungle - we have eaten at nearly every location over the years, have used their catering menu for parties and business functions by our calculations we have eaten at Pita Jungle more than 500 times since moving to the Valley 9 years ago. Unfortunately this location does not live up to the quality we expect from the franchise. As vegans we have limited options in dining out and Pita Jungle has built a strong reputation as a company that caters to vegans and vegetarians alike. But not at this location. Back in the spring we ordered take out only to find pieces of chicken mixed in with our tofu - I talked with Christina the GM and she assured us it was an "anomaly" and couldn't happen again. Still we avoided this location for 6 months hoping the problem would get resolved over time. It didn't - we went back again last month and I ordered a veggie garden wrap only to once again find pieces of chicken mixed into this vegan dish. This time I took pictures and sent them to Christina and the local manager Mary - they completely ignored my emails so I posted them to their facebook page. And once again they claim it is an anomaly. Reading other yelp reviews it seems like this recurring anomaly is now the norm at this location. So we avoid it like the plague.
4	Best spinach pie ever!
4	Gotta love this place. I just tried Falafel for the first time in my life at Pita Jungle and it is AMAZING! I had the Falafel Pita and my waitress suggested I pair it with their spicy Chipotle sauce to drizzle on top. Their garlic mushrooms are to die for, and the cilantro jalepeno hummus is surprisingly refreshing. Not terribly spicy like I suspected. We went on a Thursday night around 6:30, very busy, chill atmosphere with a live jazz band.
4	Always a great menu- so many choices! The broiled chicken salad is a favorite. The chicken breast is always perfect - tender and marinated just right, on top of romaine with big tomato wedges, cucumber, and red onion. The best appetizer in the world might be the shrimp dish they have smothered in garlic with pita wedges to help enjoy the sauce. The place is always crowded- because they have great food!
3	This place is alright, but I've gone twice and had inconsistent experiences.   The first time everything was fresh and tasty.  The second time, things weren't right and somethings were terrible.I've tried several varieties of the hummus and they're all good.The mediterranean plate is very good, except for the falafel which resemble hockey pucks.The spicy chicken pita wrap was alright.  It wasn't very spicy.  It was enormous and couldn't be eaten by picking it up (structural integrity problems). The chicken was all on one half of the pita wrap.  The fish was terrible, definitely not a recommend. The spicy chicken hummus plate was good.The black bean burger was great.The kafta burger was great. The chipotle black bean burger was not good -- mushy and the cranberries were weird.I would normally give this a 2 star rating, but because it is one of the best fresh and healthy restaurants in the Phoenix area, I'll bump it up to a 3 star.
4	What a cool place to eat at, the humus is awesome and the food tastes very healthy and fresh. Very busy at night every time I've been there, so you may be doing a little waiting until your server gets to you. Prices are good and people are friendly and know the menu well.
4	This is a pretty cool location for a PJ.  There is actually a lake out back so you can sit on the patio and watch the ducks.  Very cool for a restaurant in AZ.The food here has consistently been very good and the wait staff is very nice and cheerful.  They are more of a 4.5 star place to eat.  They get docked a bit because it seems a bit slow sometimes and the restaurant is always very noisy.  If you don't really want to chat it's ok, or just sit outside and watch the ducks.Try:  - Nachos  - Chicken Tiki Masala  - Hummus  - Steak and Cheese Pita
5	This is absolutely by far one of my favorite places to eat!  Everything is prepared healthy and is absolutely delicious!  I can't wait for their Ahwatukee location to open!  I have been asking for an Ahwatukee location for some time and finally my dreams have come true!  Thanks Pita Jungle!P.S.  The spicy chicken wrap is one of my favorites but everything I have ever tried is good!
5	Absolutely love this restaurant, excellent food and prices! Try the red lentil soup !
5	Very good food.  Not that expensive.  New location opening up in Ahwatukee at Ray/I-10 by AMC theater.  The Hummus & Chicken appetizer is out of this world.
4	Paul asked where I would like to go for my birthday dinner.  I wanted something meatless.  He started a search while I prepared for a night out. To my surprise he found Pita Jungle one of my favorites.  I totally forgot about this place!  It was a lunch venture with co workers and I was excited to bring Paul.   He would be a virgin at P.J.  The menu has enough to satisfy anyone.   Copy the link if you don't believe me! http://www.pitajungle.com/index.cfm/menu/menuType/1  You can even order it to go.We sat in a corner near a window.  There was no time to stare out the window and dream about how wonderful the food would be. Because our waiter was there to provide us with our menus asking if we were new to their establishment and offered to bring us something to drink.  Paul ordered a Red Stripe and I asked for water.   They do have a variety of beers and wines available.  Paul was in awe at how many menu choices they provided.  There are appetizers, salads, pitas, burgers and wood fire pizzas plus a la carte items, combination platters, featured specials and smoothies!  Oh my!  We shared the Mediterranean platter.  I ordered additionally the spanakopita and Paul ordered the pesto pizza.  The Mediterranean platter is a combination of hummus, baba ganoosh, tsatziki, taboule, feta cheese, dolmades, falafel and green beans with two pitas. The pita is very large and the platter was plentiful.  I wrapped the dolmades in the warm bread and tore off another piece and dove into the hummus and boba ganoosh.  And we both laughed thinking about Elaine, George and Jerry in that Seinfeld episode.  The hummus is favorful with a hint of garlic and the boba ganoosh is smooth.  The taboule is crisp, clean and fresh.  The falafel is warm, crunchy and not oily - the way a falafel is supposed to be.  (I wouldn't say it resembles a hockey puck.)  The tsatziki is creamy with just enough cucumber.  Honestly the only thing that we thought undesirable is the green beans on this platter.  The spanakopita is layers of crisp fillo dough that is stuffed with fresh spinach and feta cheese.  It is a baked pie, if you will.  The fillo dough is a golden brown, the feta is a muddle of salty stickiness and the spinach is warm and lovely.  Yummy!!  I offered to share although I really wasn't wanting to.  I thought to myself, "This is my birthday cake!"Then Paul's wood fired pizza arrived.  I am full and cannot even think to have more to eat!  Paul pulled one slice of the pesto pizza and said, "Wow!  That is really good!"  Followed by, "I would like to come back again and I will take this home for a snack for later!"Once again to his disbelief, I have proven that there is good food in Arizona.  Please go to Pita Jungle.  It's busy all the time; so if a quiet meal is what you are looking for...beware it is noisy.  The wait staff is ready to serve you and the kitchen staff is fast!Our bill was less than $30 including tip.  Very affordable after 6 pm for dinner.  Check out their Happy Hour!  Totally worth it for a virgin P.J.Happy Eating!
4	I'd never been to a Pita Jungle until my friends invited me to dinner with them there.  I'd seen the place many times but until I got the invite, I'd not seen the draw.  We started off splitting a hummus and pita appetizer.  It was delicious!  Great texture, beautiful amounts of garlic with cucumber and tomato slices on the side to go with the pitas.My friends raved about the gyros (seemed a bit odd to me that they had lettuce but, they did not complain.)  I got the beef philly pita, being a rebel.  It was a bit juicier than I expected, and I have had better but I enjoyed it more than I expected.The staff was reasonably fast despite it being a rather packed house and was unfailingly nice.  Not many places would be that busy yet that fast and pleasant.  If I was a bit more in love with the Philly, I might have given 5 stars but I will very much consider going back some time in the future.  Very much a place to go with friends!
5	Beef gyros are always good here.
5	Had dinner here tonight and so happy with the food, service and of course that there's finally one of these close to my work and home!It's new and lovely but with all the wonderful Mediterranean food we've grown to expect and love from Pita Jungle. I had a delicious Strawberry Banana smoothie, a good sized portion of a spanakopita for my starter and wonderfully fresh falafel hot pita for my entree. I'd highly recommend a visit and many again. It was buzzing but the service was still attentive. Bravo!
5	I headed over to this Pita Jungle for the first time last night for my birthday diner. It was delicious as always. The service was better than I have had at the Mesa and Tempe locations. The fact that this place is so close to my house could be dangerous. We ordered a Chicken Pasta Salad, and the chicken was grilled awesome. I have always loved this dish, but tonight it was spectacular. My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love. Easily one of his favorite dishes. He loved the flavor that the white raisins brought to the dish. We also started with a small humus with all three flavors, and an extra pita. My only complaint for the evening was that the pita bread was harder than I prefer, I assume from over warming, but that didn't stop me from eating the entire thing. I also love that they have a covered patio that over looks water. I'll be back soon. Oh, and beware that parking in this plaza is frequently full.
5	Love love love eating here.  I often crave their Black Bean Burger and have tried to make one at home but haven't figured out a few ingredients they use (flavor-wise).. oh well, I guess I'lll just have to come here for it.Other things i LOVE to eat here:- Caramelized Cauliflower w/ Tahini - oof, so my favorite!- Lentils!! I love cumin and this definitely hits the spot- Grilled Vegetable Salad.. they are not stingy at all with the portions on this one- Lavash 'Quesadilla' starter.. OMG.. crispy, cheesy, oh my!Food has always been great tasting, never disappoints and I do not get bored.  Only downside is that when this place gets busy, it gets BUSY and you have to wait a lot longer for food turn-around time... servers are quick and I've never had bad service (just maybe slow service, but hardly a fault of theirs if the kitchen is slammed).
4	Everytime I order here or stop in and eat it's been great food. The only thing is the service there is really hit and miss so ill give a 4 overall. 5 on food and 3 on service
4	Had dinner here yesterday, and have been here a couple of times earlier in the year. Service has been very good every time. Food is good and consistent. Definitely will keep going here.
5	Eat here weekly and is consistently great. My cardiologist has me on a crazy restrictive diet that limits me to no grain of any kind, no diary, and no processed sugar in addition to watching my sodium intake. And you can imagine this limits what I can eat significantly when going out. Thanks Pita Jungle for actually having several options that fit the bill and are tasty to boot.
5	Fresh delicious food and generous portions. Love Pita Jungle.  The roasted chicken salad is the best.  My 2nd favorite is humus with roasted chicken in a wrap. Because I do not eat  Wheat  they graciously substitute Brown rice.  As soon as they serve Wheat Free wraps I will come more often.  1949 W. Ray Rd. was the closest location.  Recently a location opened at 4921 E. Ray Rd. only 6 minutes from my house.  OH Happy Pita Jungle day.  Servers are pleasant, accomodating and efficient.  Never have to wait long for a table or service.
5	Awesome job Chandler pita jungle. about a week or so ago I called in an order and arrived about 15 minutes later and they couldn't find my food. The girl said she had but then it was gone... Had to wait. Tonight I called in my order and arrived 15 minutes later and there was a couple placing an order. I then paid for my order, then a young lady placed an order. As I waited an additional 15 minutes, the couple AND the young lady were given their orders. Finally I was given my order and when I asked why I received mine after both of them I was told, "our saute guy is really backed up." So I was angry at this excuse as it sounded ridiculous so I just took my order and left, figuring I would just not return to pita jungle, as this was the second time in a row your restaurant disappointed me. Then I arrived at home and when I opened my order, My sandwich was made incorrectly from how I ordered it. I called and of course the only solution to this is for ME to go back to the restaurant and have it replaced, however this was not an option since I had already spent more time than I wanted to get a quick dinner for my wife and I as we wanted to watch the Coyotes game while we ate. Based on these experiences, I will not return to Pita Jungle.I thought I would update this review.I sent an email to the company and within 20 minutes, both the store director AND the operations director responded.It is customer service like this to show their concern that WILL bring me back to Pita Jungle in the future, especially since we really love the food.
5	Sit on the patio if you can. Great view! As for the food my two favorite menu items: 1) Hummus with Grilled Chicken if you don't want something too heavy; 2) Pesto Lavosh Turkey Wrap is a great option if you have a big appetite or want leftovers. Hands down my favorite place to either sit down or pick up to-go by my work in Chandler.
4	Great hummus and gyros. Tasty menu. Can get pricey..
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix.  Easy on my waistline and delicious!
5	Oh how I wish these were in California!!!I visit my best friend in AZ a couple times a year and everytime I'm there I beg her to take me to Pita Jungle.  I have to say the one in Chandler is my all time the favorite.  The atmosphere is hip, the service is awesome and the outside area backs up to a lake.  It so nice and peaceful to sit outside, watch the ducks and eat their cilantro jalapeno hummus!Everything I've had at this place is delicious.  The gyros are made with just the right amount of tzazkiki sauce, the hummus is smooth and creamy and EVERY flavor is a must try.  I tried the mediterranean chicken salad just this last weekend and my taste buds were in heaven!  So lemo juice, feta and pine nuts took the salad over the top.Now if we could only convince the owners to branch out to California, say Westlake or Thousand Oaks area I bet these would take off.  With all us health food nuts out here we would appreciate the good food!  :)
5	I love this place. I've been to the Gilbert location a few times and this was my first time at Chandler. The food is so good and fresh. The yellowfin tuna wrap is to die for and only $7.99! It was less than my mom's chicken hummus appetizer, which was also delicious. I also liked the fact they have a great kids menu. The atmosphere is casual yet classy yet I felt totally comfortable bringing my kids there. Very interesting dynamic that is difficult to pull off.I also had the sangria with my lunch and it was so refreshing and tasty. It was garnished with strawberry, and orange and lime slices. I appreciate that attention to detail. Not to mention a steal at only $3!Customer service was good. We were greeted warmly and sat promptly. Our drinks came out quickly. Our server was friendly but not overbearing and our food came out fairly quickly.I love eating healthy and the menu here impresses me. I also really liked the atmosphere, particularly the art pieces they have hanging. I will be back and hope to become a regular!
4	I really like this place! The hummus is top knotch and the lemonade!!!!! Love the lemonade. I like the fact that there are many locations and especially this one, is close to my house, I get togo from here all the time. Fast service, good food, happy tummy.
5	I won't be able to say enough about this place. First off, the best happy hour deals in town. I mean, who doesn't love seeing a $1-$3 price margin on delicious greek food ?! My friend and I "splurged" and shared like 6 items off the menu + 2 glasses of cabernet which was definitely NOT bad at all for $3. Everything was delicious so I don't think there's a need to go into detail about each one. The side plate of pita made everything that much better as well. The interior is modern and lively. Nice patio for those who like enjoying the heat/arizona breeze in front of a nice man made lake =pWill definitely be back!
5	There salads are the best.  Love the Anderson Springs location, very fun to sit on the patio overlooking the water.
5	Pita Jungle is so good, my wife and I go every week (weekends). That's saying something since we live in Globe!!!  If you're not in a rush and just want to relax,  I suggest to go from 3-6 for there happy hour/tapas. It's by far the best deal in town. $1-3 a plate. So worth it. My wife gets there house wine for $3. We love sitting outside because of the lake. So nice. Hope to see you there.
5	Really love the lake in the back! After lunch my kids fed the ducks and we walked around for a bit. It was great :)I'm SO sad they don't have the yellow fin tuna wrap anymore :'( Omg please bring that back!
5	Ok, I know I know, I don't live in Phoenix anymore. But holy hell this place is amazing! I moved away 5 years ago and I still think fondly upon this place.They have the best gyro, in my opinion. Their hummus is fresh and made with love. I like that their children's menu is simple and healthy. All the good things kids need!Their wood-fired pizzas are to die for. I come down to visit when I can and I always make sure to visit Pita Jungle. I wish the NW, of all places, had something like this. You would think this belongs on my streetcorner here in Seattle...but nope. It's in sunny Phoenix. Well done Phoenix for putting something tasty and healthy in the desert!
4	Great food and nice atmosphere! Servers are nice as well!  Outdoor seating is ok! No complaints, I highly recommend trying it out! ;-)
5	Love Pita Jungle! Quick fix for Mediterranean and middle eastern food with a relaxing environment and very accommodating and friendly service. Have any special requests or concerns about ingredients? No problem! The servers know their food and the chefs are able to make adjustments as needed. The owners are usually there, and the food and service never fall short.There is always something on the menu to try, and their daily specials offer new experiences that keep you coming back for more.Hummus is just right (try the cilantro-jalepeno hummus), baba ganoosh is my favorite dip, and they do falafel crispy, light, and full of spice.Salmon, Mahi Mahi, Chicken combo, Chicken Del Sol... they're all great! The side of beans is warm and comforting, and the light and fluffy garlic dip goes great with the chicken. We always get the tabouli (taboule), and usually always get more to-go.Mediterranean Platter serves great as an appetizer to split. Lavosh Pizza is light, crisp, and is packed with flavor. Whether you want a salad, a wrap, a healthy burger,  a larger entree, or all of the above, Pita Jungle is the right place to try authentic and healthy food.Frequently used for carry-out, Pita Jungle serves large portions at great prices.This location has outdoor seating and also has a live band play at some point during the week. Artwork on the wall is for sale to support your community, and a full bar is available for those special occasions.
4	i absolutely love the caramelized cauliflower!!!! great food. good service
5	I LOVE Pita Jungle! I have been going here for years. I think the environemnt is perfect and I love the Veggie Salad.. I also love the cilantro hummus.. When I am in the mood for chicken, I have the Chicken Shawarma wrap and my food has never been bad here. I have taken the kids here for years and they love it as well... Always safe with Pita Jungle if you arent sure where to go out.. Its always awesome.
3	So, I had "Hummus with Grilled Chicken"  To be honest this is the only thing I have been a fan of. I tried a lot of the items on the menu and this is the only thing I go back for. Normally the Hummus with Grilled Chicken is better this time it was just ok the Chicken didn't taste great and the Hummus was not as flavorful, But not gonna hold that against them. I'll Still Come Back.
5	I look forward to my lunch meetings/ dinner dates at Pita! I always can count on great healthy, flavorful food that is reasonably priced and quick! Love Pita!
5	Always yummy and the service is always great.
4	I like Pita jungle a lot, the pizza I had there was amazing, and the atmosphere is pretty cool. The server I had last time was quick and friendly and comp'd my daughters fruit bowl because it took him so long to bring my marinara sauce. The one thing I was disappointed with is that for the price, my pizza was really small, and for the same price, my friend got this huge pita. The pizza was about the size of a small microwaveable one. Usually I can never finish a meal when I go out to dinner, but here, I very quickly finished the whole thing.
5	When I don't feel like cooking I come here and taste a real homemade Mediterranean dish. Just like mom used to make!
3	Having been to previous Pita Jungles, I decided to pass on the Mediterranean-inspired items such as the falafel, since I can get better tasting food of this type at say, Haji-Baba or Sahara. I went here for lunch and tried the fish sandwich (Around $10). It was a nicely cooked, large piece of mahi-mahi with the requisite burger veggies (Tomatoes, lettuce, onions), with aioli. It was served with some garlicky roasted potatoes. The sandwich was pretty good, and was a large portion for lunch. The potatoes were really tasty, but be sure to either chew a lot of gum, eat a lot of mints, or brush your teeth afterwards because that garlic packs a punch on your breath!Service was decent, and the locale is picturesque since it overlooks the lake. It gets quite busy here at lunch, so coming early will help you get in, eat, and get out in a decent amount of time.
3	Yes - they are healthier than most restaurants but their food is not like it used to be when they were a tiny place in Tempe. The pitas are HORRIBLE! Find another supplier for your pitas or at least warm them up or try not serving stale ones! It is like they go dumpster diving for old pitas behind other restaurants. Awful!!
5	There hummus is to die for!! Yum :)
5	I don't need to say anything other than Grilled Veggie Lavosh Wrap. Jaw... drop... floor. And the spicy garlic potatoes... can I please steal your recipe so I can make those every day of the week? I'm always amazed by PJ. This location has "the lake" which has an amazing view and PJ has wonderfully outfitted their patio so you can sit outside for all of the seasons. They have several heaters outside, plants, flowers- Just beautiful. The inside has dark wood tables, a giant ornate mirror in the back and pictures/paintings on all of the walls.   They had me by the first sentence but I also absolutely love their falafel platter, thousand bean pita- (DE-Lisious open faced pita), and of course the hummus. Their happy hour is seriously ridiculous!  Hummus for a $1?!  I know, I'm getting carried away here but it's true! Their food is fresh, bursting with flavor and priced for what you get. I never eat my whole meal and always take half of it home with me. And they even give you a to-go cup for your drinks (non-alcoholic that is). This is a place I can go eat, not feel guilty, stuff myself and have a good time with friends and family.
5	Love Pita Jungle, especially this location! As long as its not too hot out, the patio is perfect for a healthier and delicious lunch or dinner. I always get one of the Philly pitas either chicken or steak with the garlic smashed potatoes. It's always delicious!
1	Got here while the band on a Thursday Night was still playing, got seated, placed order for an ice tea and...... Game Over? Waitress never came back? WTF? I guess my 6'-2" 208# frame just got lost in all the excitement this evening. Or maybe my waitress just sucked. Either way, a bad experience which is a shame because usually the PJ is better than that. I placed my order via the phone and decided to take out instead. No apologizes offered. Won't be coming back to this one anytime soon.
2	I ordered a pita off the menu that included guacamole. Upon returning to work after picking up take-out, I ate my lunch to find no guacamole. Upon calling to complain, I was told their location doesn't serve guacamole and that condiments vary by location. Really???  Then why does the menu state it has guacamole?  I was told, most locations do, but this one doesn't. That, I believe, is completely unacceptable.
4	Been here a few times--no complaints whatsoever. Get some hummus as an appetizer, then a gyro. very satisfying. Avoid Thursday nights if you can though, the bands can be a bit oppressive in that size of a building.
3	At this point, I think I've tried just about all the vegan options at Pita Jungle and while they are not great, they are better than nothing. The falafel pita is probably your best bet and perhaps the spinach pasta salad some in 2nd. The falafel platter has a strange, strange presentation. Rather than serving the falafels with sauce and veggies on the side, they serve it up like a big salad. A big salad is not an appetizer, it's an entree. And by big, I mean BIG. Only about 5 or 6 falafels, but a ton of greens. The grilled veggie burrito doesn't have very great flavor. A lot of ginger, but not much of anything else. The thing that bothered me most about this item was that they rolled the foil *into* my burrito. So, the only way I could eat the thing was by tearing the burrito apart and trying to remove the foil from my food. This resulted in a mess. Fix this, Pita Jungle. It also bums me that the vegan options are so meager. If they just offered vegan bread and lavosh I'd be able to try more of the items. I'd love the portabello burger or the veggie burger. Alas, dairy.At least I can say that the P.J. staff is very attentive and friendly. The wine menu is good, you have waterfront-ish dining and on Thursday nights they have live jazz.
5	I was super excited to find this location here, right in my own neighborhood! I'd been to the Tempe location many times, but that's a bit of a drive for the every day dinner.  And it turns out, I like this location so much more!Parking is rough most of the time, but if we don't luck out and get a reasonable spot, we'll park on the other side of the lot and take a walk.  Inside is ever-changing art hanging on the walls, Greek/modern decor, and a lovely view of the duck pond there on Ray and Dobson.  We have yet to make it out on the patio, but in good weather, I bet that's perfect.  I've always liked Pita Jungle's food, but that's because I am not vegetarian.  I enjoy healthy food, but I do need meat.  This explains why my vegan friends aren't quite as taken by PJs as I am.  I love the Chicken del Sol, which is a southwest spin on a greek stew sort of dish.  The cheesy pita wedges around the edge give the presentation of a sun, and are delicious to dip in the broth.  The chicken is just spicy enough that I enjoy it.  Lately, my boyfriend and I have been going just to split an appetizer; the chicken and hummus trifecta.  That's not what it's called on the menu, but that's how I remember it.  It's offered as one of three different kinds of hummus with chopped chicken and pita, but don't be afraid to ask for all three varieties.  If you must choose just one, the red pepper hummus is the best.  With an extra pita and some of their fresh lemonade, the two of us walk out completely satisfied.Service has always been very friendly, and I appreciate that they always offer (or just provide without warning) an extra beverage for the road.  Their lemonade is so good I can't turn that down.I'll definitely continue frequenting this Pita Jungle!
3	A Phoenix staple, Pita Jungle has expanded so much over the years, that you can now tell the difference in taste and quality between venues. Its a natural pain of growing a business, as more management, more staff and more processes make it harder to keep the store exactly how it was when it first got started. This is kinda how I feel Pita Jungle has gotten. I no longer have the same level of experience every time, at the same place nor comparing different locations. At this particular location, I have tried a couple of things during multiple visits. I really enjoyed their curry coconut soup at lunch: it was pretty thin/light and had a lot of Thai flavors (and the cup version was filling enough). Their grilled veggie salad was huge and a great concept, but their eggplant was under cooked and under seasoned, and since the veggies are already grilled in oil, the added dressing with oil made it a bit heavy. Speaking of oil. I used to LOVE love love their side of cauliflower with tahini sauce and caramelized onions. I would come to the Pita Jungle in Gilbert just to order that and nom it for dinner. The past couple of times I have ordered this dish, I have ended up with incredible stomach pain (like my intestines playing in the French Open)... every single time, immediately after. I'm starting to think that its the oil content in the tahini, or something that they might have changed in the recipe to make it more cost effective. Either way, its a painful dish, and it makes me sick every time. It used to be my favorite thing on the menu :(In terms of service, its very much dependent on how busy it is. Its been impossible to hunt someone down at lunch, but I've also had great service at night time (when its half as empty). It would be great to see them revamp their menu (again) to contain less items but focus on higher quality ingredients, juicier meats (I often get dry chicken shawarmas) and more unique menu options.
5	So I'm under the wire a day before a road show event. I called pita jungle in chandler for an event in Gilbert and they hooked it up! Half a sandwich, Greek salad, mac&cheese, and a FRESH fruit salad for 40 or so people. This was they're first time doing a box lunch and they were so awesome and friendly the entire time. Thank you Pita Jungle my merchants loved the spread, we will def be using you in the Fall!
5	Love this place!! amazing food. always fast take put. the chicken pasta with lemon vinegarette is my favorite!!
5	i usually eat here after i hit the gym, cause after a hard workout you want something light and healthy. The servers are always nice and attentive. Been here a few times and i havent had a bad experience yet. always ALWAYS have the humus!
4	I have had half the menu, Love it all. Healthy and delicious.
2	This place has some amazing food. The price is pretty high for what you are actually getting. Seems like mainly hipsters go here to hang out so I always take my food to go. The music played in the background by the band is annoying and overpowering. I couldn't even have a conservation with girlfriend when we went out here. To go is the way to go.
4	Get there right as they open and it won't be busy, awesome food!
4	This is probably the second time I've been to this place. I came here with all my co- workers for a team lunch. We had a big group of 12 people. So we had a reservation and we were sitting outside. It was really nice especially with about 6 ceiling fans going which was great. The inside was decorated very hip. I would say the inside was medium size with lots of tables and they were so busy at lunch. Very noisy with a lot of happy people enjoying their lunch. I had the Philly Chicken Pita. It had grilled chicken with grilled peppers and onions over melted cheese. It was alright. Not great. The chicken had some taste but not a lot. It was a big pita and enough to fill you up but not stuff you. So I would say its a good size. You can also get sides with it but I didn't. A lot of people I saw ordered their salads which were huge. It looked really good and I think next time I will try one of their salads. So the service was exceptional especially with such a large group and the place being very busy with a waiting line. We were greeted right away after we were seated and got our drink order in. Drinks were at our table right away. They were always checking on our glasses and made sure our glasses were always filled. Very impressive with such a busy place. The food took a little longer especially since we had a pretty big party but they brought out the food in a decent amount of time. Overall, service was great and comfortable with okay food. I'm thinking the food is okay because of what I ordered and will be smarter next time.
4	Had lunch there today. Was looking for something Mediterranean...sorted by most reviewed and PJ was at the top. I was there shortly after Noon and they were busy but there was no wait. I sat at the bar and was promptly greeted and my drink request taken. I was on a mission for the yellow fin salad but switched to the Mahi Mahi with pita chips because it came with jalapeno & cilantro hummus. It was a great dish! I saw lots of healthy eating going on, lots of veggies and salads.The one thing that I noticed was the floor of the open kitchen was a disaster....they were busy and the kitchen was jamming so I can understand it to a degree. If you have an open kitchen I think alittle more effort to keep it presentable should be taken.  I'll go back to this or one of the other locations to get my Mediterranean fix.
5	I truly enjoy every visit to Pita Jungle. I get excited knowing it'll be exceptionally good, and good for me. The hummus with grilled chicken is enough for two people. Skip the regular, boring hummus and go with half roasted bell pepper, half cilantro jalapeno for a winning combination under $10 bucks. Throw in an extra pita and you've got a full lunch or dinner packed with mouth watering flavor and tons of protein for all you diet/fitness fans. It's been months since I've strayed from my beloved hummus, but I can't fail to mention noteworthy selections on the menu. The roasted chicken shawarma pita is your standard gyro. Tender meat and fresh veggies. *Ask for extra tzatziki sauce*Fancy stepping out of your carnivorous comfort zone? The Chipotle Black Bean Burger will satisfy your need for spices (not heat), and double down on an intricate blend of healthy ingredients. Homemade black beans are the building blocks of the patty, tossed with onions, garlic, bell peppers, oats, cranberries, you get the picture! Served up with chipotle hummus and potatoes. My recommendation for nervous new vegetarians who can't fathom giving up the beef.
1	Walked in to the sight of the hostess and all the wait staff texting on their phones. Bartender said we could seat ourselves. Waited for about 15 minutes- didn't even get waters. There was more staff on hand than patrons, so there was no reason for any kind of wait. Poor service, total lack of professionalism... Went to the Mexican grill next door and had drinks in less than 3 minutes. I suggest going there instead!
4	I can't believe I have not written a review for Pita!! I love Pita Jungle, I have tried several different items off their menu, and have NEVER been disappointed.  I prefer this location rather than the one in Ahwatukee because I like the smaller feel of this location.  The staff is always friendly, and the service is always pretty quick.  I also like this location because you can sit on the patio by the little late which is nice for 'Date Night" :) I would definitely get hummus while you're there.  I love their wraps, my boyfriend just had their Kafta burger the other night which was awesome, you can't go wrong with a salad, and I have had a chicken dish from their and also a mahi mahi burger before which was bomb. Definitely try the caramelized cauliflower while you're there too, because it is fantastic.  I can only have a couple of pieces, so I recommend sharing with your table as an appetizer.  Their green tea is to die for as well. All in all I recommend pita to anyone! I am on a strict diet, but still find myself at Pita every now and then :)
5	When I think of a quick, healthy dinner option that is delicious or a place I want to meet my girlfriend for a light dinner, I think of Pita Jungle.  I have been coming to this pita jungle location now for years.  It's clean and the patio is great!  The patio faces a lake and it's lit with cute lights.  The food is fresh and hot and you know exactly what you're getting when you come here.  I always get the hummus and taboule with a side of chicken and cucumbers.  You will never go wrong with that dish!
3	I luv, luv, luv  this restaurant, so please don't let the quality slip, ok?  I was there during the week about 3:00 pm and there were about 5 people total in the restaurant.   I ordered the red lentil soup (a fav of mine!) and it was served at room temperature and I think they changed the recipe because it was bland, lumpy and grainy instead of smooth and creamy.  so send it back, right?  Sent it back to heat it up and it then it came back only slightly warm.  Just declined it after that.  Really Pita Jungle?  Don't have a microwave?    The veggie burger was yummy and delicious, though.
4	Surprised I haven't written a review for this place earlier since Pita Jungle is only a few blocks away. This place is Vegetarian, Non-Vegetarian, and Vegan friendly so really you can find something for everyone at this place. In addition, there is outdoor sitting by the lake, which is just perfect when the weather cools down.  Just don't mind the ducks. ;)The food here is really good and fresh. This evening I'm having the Couscous salad with a Passion Fruit iced tea, but I've also had many of the other menu items throughout my several visits to this spot. I can usually never finish the salads since they are so huge, but they taste just as good the next day. The Hummus is a must, and any kind will do they're all really good. If you're watching carbs, you can order it with cucumber slices instead of a pita which is fantastic and very refreshing on a warm day. All in all, I really like this place and the service is great. Not too slow, but not too rushed either. This is one of my go-to places when I really crave something super healthy.
4	Pita Jungle really does healthy/flavorful/Mediterranean exceptionally well. I find myself gravitating towards this location most of all because its outdoor patio overlooks a "lake" (some sort of man made pond with a tacky fountain in the middle).  Nonetheless, it's nice to sit outside in a location that doesn't overlook a parking lot or street.It's also very kid-friendly with dinner options my daughter will actually eat (Mac and cheese with sauce made from scratch, steamed fresh broccoli, low-sodium turkey, and fresh fruit).  It's food I would actually prepare for my daughter myself at home so I don't feel like I'm skimping on nutrition when I come here. At Pita Jungle it also means I can get a nice adult meal for myself without feeling like I've regressed. I tend to gravitate towards the same dishes - the chicken hummus plate, the tuna + hummus, the salmon dinner with spinach and mashed potatoes, and the gazpacho when it's on their seasonal menu. Their chicken shawarma pita is also a good go-to but the garlic mash can be a little overwhelming.  Their portions are fairly large so the hummus is perfect for sharing and the appetizers can easily be eaten as a main course. My only criticism (and this is pretty much my experience at all three East Valley locations) is that the wait staff tends to be a bit aloof.  My one wish for improvement is to change change up their seasonal menu a bit more. Because I come here so often, it would be nice to see a Spring 2014 menu that was different from the Spring 2013 menu. Just to throw some variety and excitement in there. The Chandler location also caters! That's right - not all of them do, but this one does. It's always a big bit at my office when we get it catered in as people are always asking for healthier options.
4	Lived up to all the others I have been too! Food tasted great, fresh, and came out quickly. Portions are always plentiful. The waitress was very very nice and very good. This one was a little awkward walking into....at first we thought it was closed for the new year.
3	So I am reviewing this place in hope that the business reads this and improves because they have delicious food and a lot of potential. The location is great it is very cool and inviting inside and overlooks a lake so thats always nice. They have a cool looking bar and interesting artwork. I tried 3 different plates so far and all were delicious they tasted fresh and were very flavorful. The only thing i recommend is not having their "teas". These are just water with some food coloring and absolutely no flavor!! (Very disappointing). The only reason this place is getting three stars is because the service was pretty bad. No one ever greets you here they just kind of look at you like they wish you were not there and then seat you like they are doing you a huge favor.  On my recent visit our server was very uninterested in serving. She seemed irritated when we were not ready to order and then retaliated by ignoring us for the next ten minutes or so. She kept walking by us and pretending not to see us so I finally called out to her and she just put her hand up and said "give me a couple minutes!" I do my very best not to piss off people who are handling my food so I just waited. She never apologized for taking so long and did not check up on us except to refill my nasty tea which she spilled and did not clean up :o I think I might go again because the food is so good but it would be really great if I were welcomed by a friendly staff and treated as a customer not as though I'm asking for favors. Please train your staff to be polite and friendly or just get rid of the bad seeds and this restaurant will do so much better
5	I am a really picky tipper. I need some exceptional service to tip the whole 15%. However, i tipped 50% here...why? Because our server was SO NICE. He was beyond exceptional.I'm currently on a primal diet (no dairy, no gluten, no processed anything). I told him my diet limitations and he didn't seem fazed in the least. He told me about other ingredients that he'll remove that wasn't mentioned on the menu, and was super helpful and accommodating of my weird eating habits.Plus! The food was good! The place was clean! The atmosphere was really relaxed and casual.This place was great and I'll definitely be coming back.
4	Ohe of my favorite places to eat at when I visit fellow Zumba Instructors in the area. We teach a class and make it a ritual to come to this location. Friendly staff, great service and AMAZING FOOD!!!! I order the chicken tika masala. YUMMY and the carmelized cauliflower!!!! It's A MUST ORDER!!!
5	I love Pita Jungle. Became hooked on it about 6 years ago.. I've never said this about any other eatery, but I can eat here every day. And that's not an exaggeration. The food is excellent.. always really flavorful. Never have had a bad meal here. Food comes out fast and is very reasonably priced.My personal favorites:-Garlic dip-Hummus trio-Any of the pizzas -Lavosh shawarma-Berry tea-Really the entire menuAside from the food, the atmosphere is great. Really laid back with eclectic decor. You'll notice each location features a large mirror and rotating artwork display, which is pretty cool. Highly recommend!!!
5	amazing gyros, amazing salads, amazing hummus, amazing green tea, amazing seasoned potatoes, great service
4	I rarely find a place that fills me up for lunch...and this place did.  I ordered the Spicy Chicken flatbread/pita...it was really good.  the atmosphere is great.  The service is great.  The food is great. It has a "hipster" vibe to it...so if your not hipster make sure to borrow a pair of thick dark rimmed glasses and maybe some skinny jeans before you go.  You will fit right in.  Unless your really overweight...then pass on the skinny jeans.  Maybe a pair of old Levi 501's would work.  But don't wear camouflage...they might think your the plumber.
5	As a vegetarian this is a place I frequent...In fact since there was only one in Tempe!!!  Tonight I had the most awesome experience with Donna our server!  The food is ALWAYS GOOD and I am never disappointing.  BUT today I had a long busy day at work and i was STARVING....my sister and I both hadn't eaten all day and we were so ready to scarf.  Our order came as expected, our drinks were never empty and Donna had the greatest energy and smile.  I really appreciated her extra attention as well as the to go cup full of tea as she handed us our bill!!!!  WOW we never asked but she knew we were thirsty obviously!  Thank you so much for not only paying attention to our needs and the special to go drinks!  YOU ROCK!!!
5	Never disappointed, always good! always on point and delicious. One time a flatbread took a little longer than usual and when he brought it to me he said it would be taken care of. Amazing service like that will always keep my coming back. plus the food is amazing!
2	Called ahead on Saturday 3/15 to let them know 10 people would be coming to dinner at 8:15pm.  Person on the phone said they do not take reservations. I said I just thought you might like to know if 10 people are coming. She said she would let someone know.Show up, hostess was shocked. They put a table together and our server did a good job making sure everyone had what they needed and did separate checks which was above and beyond.Here's the real reason for this review and I hope someone who has any say in what goes on there gets this message. The lentil fattoush had so much garlic in it, it could have killed a horse. I took 3-4 bites and had dragon's breath immediately. This has always been my favorite dish at PJ, but wow. Yuck. Ruined it for me. No goodbye or thank you as the hostess at the podium was on her cell phone as we were all walking out. Pita Jungle on Ray. Meh.
1	Having had a fantastic experience at the Gilbert (Val Vista and Williams Field) location with our entire staff for a employee's anniversary lunch, I figured Pita Jungle should be Pita Jungle, right?  And the Chandler location is closer to our workplace, so I called and let them know that two days hence, we would be treating one of our employees to his anniversary lunch.       We would be a party of fifteen, and although I know they don't take reservations, I wanted to find out what we can do to make it less of a surprise for them, and smoother sailing for our healthcare office's staff (we would have a set period of time to eat and get back to see the afternoon patients).     She reiterated they don't take reservations.  I know, sweetie, I know.  I'm just calling to give you a head's up that we're going to show up at noon in 2 days' time and we would like for that to not be hard on your staff.  Or mine.  "Okay," she said, stating she would make a note, "but it isn't a reservation."  Okay, I gotcha.    I called the day before to re-remind them we'd be there in one day, at noon, with 15 hungry people.  "We can't, we don't, we won't," etc, she says.  I know, honey, I know you don't take reservations, I know what you can't and don't do in terms of reservations. Do you ACCEPT larger parties? "Yes," she says.  "So, I'm just calling to see what CAN be done" I say.  "I'll make a note but you can't have a reservation."  My goodness, it's never been harder for me to arrange to drop a few benji's on a small establishment.  The Gilbert location was gracious, had left a few tables in one area free, then scooted them together when our party arrived (just a couple months prior) and had us seated in one minute flat, gracious and happy to see us... so I figured with the ample heads-up, the Chandler location would probably do the same, right?    Right?     We show up, 15 of us, at noon the next day.  The young, male (old enough to drive, too young to drink) host is astounded at the size of our party. Like, he has never SEEN 15 people all together at one time before, ASTOUNDED.  I mention that while we know they don't do reservations, I've called ahead two days, and one day, prior. *crickets* She said she would make a note, let you all know we would be coming so you could plan ahead. *crickets*  To make sure you wouldn't be overwhelmed by our party. *crickets*  Because we are celebrating a much-loved employee's anniversary and it's really important because this is his favorite restaurant.  *crickets*       "Well," he sighs, "I don't know anything about that but it's going to be at LEAST a half hour wait. Is that okay?"       There's no harm in asking nicely, so I did.  "Well, actually, is there anything that can be done? We have about 49 minutes of lunch time left, so that doesn't really enable us to eat, is there any room out on that big patio? There's a large table down the middle of the restaurant that's just the right size for our party, which was completely empty, until you sat two people in the middle of it, like, 4 seconds before we were greeted, could they potentially sit somewhere else? Because we'd fit right there and they don't even have a water glass yet; I would pay for their lunch."       No.  There was obviously nothing he was willing to do, so I let him know that anything they can do is appreciated, because all 15 of us are here, and there's no time to arrange anything new.  So we wait for 19 minutes, and he comes over and tell us "It's going to be at least another 40 minutes, so is that okay?"     No.  That wasn't okay, not even remotely okay, and honestly I expect to be treated like this at Oregano's, pal, but I really didn't see this one coming. Why would you tell us 30 minutes, and 11 minutes short of the 30 minutes, tell us it's another 40 minutes?  You've been seating everyone who came in the door.  I asked if there was a manager. Nope.  Is there anyone I can talk to? (Because I'm thinking as a manager, I see potential solutions to this problem passing before my eyes with every choice you make, friend.)  Nope.        I know the kid is young.  And this is not his place.  And he can't possibly have enough experience to even know what customer care looks or sounds like... but he couldn't have possibly been slow enough to think that, on any level, this was okay.      So, in order to not break my recent goals of never saying reactive things, I simply walked out the door.  Saw Valle Luna just down the walk, and walked in there to ask if they'd seat us.  Sure, they said, come on over!     So all 15 of us mobbed down to Valle Luna, had just about the most delicious chips and salsa I've ever had, cold drinks on the table right away, and hot lunch served up within about 10 minutes, a check and boxes shortly thereafter, and we were back to the office on time, stuffed full of really delicious and satisfying food.  Please consider going there; they were fantastic.
5	Probably the BEST THING I EVER ATE was from here!I stumbled upon Pita Jungle from a review on the tempe bikram yoga website--I tried it out & OMG. TO DIE FOR. I had seared ahi w/ hummus ($12ish) It was amazing! Perfectly seasoned, melt in your mouth seared ahi, atop a bed of amazing hummus!---with warm pita bread. It honestly was the best thing I ever ate! Would totally recommend this to anybody who loves ahi or hummus!I came again & had Red Quinoa Salad on special & it was super yummy! $7 for huge plate of greens, quinoa, tomatoes and of course hummus!! Totally split-able & filling. Great craft cocktails & speciality ice teas as well. We love the patio & often come before a movie (theater next door) or after a good workout
5	Awesome service, food, value.  Very clean and great set up. Server was attentive without over doing it. Got the green ice tea which was very fresh and glass regularly filled. I got just a starter but it was more than I could finish. Had the ahi tuna over hummus. You get to pick 2 so I got the cilantro jalapeno and regular. Ahi was seasoned and cooked to perfection. Dirty dishes cleared promptly.Before leaving I was offered a to go tea and it was in a very large to go cup which was needed as I had more errands to run. Cant wait to go back..
3	I love love love the food here! There hummus and chicken is amazing. I also love there boiled chicken salad or Mediterranean chicken salad. The only downfall to how great the food is, is the service. I've never really had outstanding service here. Yes, I do continue to go back because of the food and atmosphere but I wish the service was better :/
1	Horrible experience - 50 min wait for food and the server misplaced my card and didn't seem to care at all!
4	The food is amazing! I always get the seared ahi on top of the hummas (cilantro jalapeno, red pepper, and original). Totally delicious! I have never had any problems with the food but the service is hit and miss. When I go at 11 beating the lunch rush, services is great. Another time, I went for lunch with a friend, I arrived around noon, the service is awful. Wait staff did not bring out the side hummas, we had to ask a different server for sauce for the gyro, when our server showed up to take the sauce coming from the other server, she stuck her finger it and had to get another one. Then she decided to take the nearby table's order as we waited with to get her attention. I finally helped myself to a shelf to get my own box. We tried to flag anyone to pay and were told we had to wait for the server. I have served before and my friend currently works in fine dining so we had very little sympathy for the bad service.
2	I normally order the Gambos Con Ajo and kids normally get the traditional hummus.  I have been going to this location for the past 3 years and is a huge fan.  From location to location the taste is slightly off but tonight, it was way off at one of the best tasting locations that I LOVE to dine at (Chandler).  My Gambos dish was very sour, it tasted like they forgot the garlic and put a dash too much tomato paste.  As a matter of fact that was all that I had tasted.  My children's hummus tasted like mashed fava beans with a dash of tahini...no flavor at all.  I had asked my waitress if the ingredients has changed and she advised me that they have a new distributor and cut back the oil portion used to mix the hummus.  If these changes are permanent, it appears my frequency in dining here will change.  Pita Jungle, PLEASE go back to how you cooked things from the beginning!
5	I could eat here everyday!! Love the food, and the staff is always nice and accurate with my (our) orders even when they are swamped.
2	Went for dinner on weekday the food was below par. A little disappointed since i was expected better. I had a cobb salad which was very avg chicken was dry. Very casual setting. Service was fine. Bartender however was very unprofessional. She was talking on her cell phone while waiting on people. She had the cell phone always. At times people were waiting until she finished her calls. Amazing... I question the management that allowed it. Prepare to be blinded while eating in afternoon or early evening...  no shades on windows.
5	Gotta love Pita Jungle, they are sprouting up all over the valley and for good reason the food is hard to beat.The food is delicious and they give you plenty of it. Standouts are:-Lavash pizzas (i know pizza at Mediterranean place? but trust me this is the best thing on the menu) Glazed chicken or the chipotle are a must, crispy crust and big ol chunks of chicken.-Hummus is great, red pepper, cilantro/jalapeno and traditional-Gryo, good size portion-Med plate, good sampler platter-Fruit and cheese bowl, good lord this is a bunch of fruit and cheese!So far nothing has disappointed but its really hard not to get the lavash and hummus every time.Atmosphere is really laid back, servers especially (definitively can wear what they want). Nice rotating artwork throughout the place that can be purchased.This location sits next to a little lake so its had a good vibe unless the ducks bug you :-)
2	I love Pita Jungle but we had stop for lunch today at this Chandler location.The food was good, but the surrounding environment was not okay with me.1. The girl sat down at a dirty table2. Both bathrooms  (M&F)were very dirty3. Some of the wait staff was in another world 4. Leftover food on the patio deck and not pick upI had asked one the wait staff to pick up the food from the deck and look at me like I was speak another language. After speaking with manager he did send someone over and it was finally taken care of. Where the common sense with food works today, and you is want better wages well take better care of your work environment so your customers would enjoy coming into your home to eat.The manager also needs to be more visible and walk through his business or none of this would of happen.
1	Okaaaay.........typically I'm a Pita Jungle fan.  I love the food. However, this location was horrid.  First off, we were sat at an outdoor table that had a significant amount of visible bird poop.  On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.  My boyfriend had to ask the manager to have the lovely piles of bird poop cleaned up.  The service was poor at best.  The server didn't check-in after taking our order, hence, water glasses weren't refilled without tagging another server, and we were never asked, when our food was delivered to our table, "Is there anything else I can get you?" I had to tag a server for extra napkins and Sirracha  sauce.  The cap of the Sirracha sauce pour spout was caked and crumbly with old sauce; it should've been wiped off before being given to another customer.  The women's bathroom was dirty; the paper towel roll was left on the water drenched bathroom counter instead of being placed in it's dispenser.  The bathroom floors were nasty, sticky and wet.  Gross!  Simple, common sense service doesn't require a lot of work.  This Pita Jungle appears to be managed by and ran by lazy, individuals with a very poor sense of attention to detail and customer service.  I will not eat at this Pita Jungle again.
5	The best time to go to this Pita Jungle is happy hour (3-6).  Their happy hour menu was larger than I have seen at other locations.  A small plate of three different hummus? $1.  Two falafel balls?  $1.  Garlic chicken? $2.  Streamed mussels? $2.  Plus tons of other options...you could easily eat an entire meal there for just a couple of bucks.The service was fine when we went - not even the slightest delay - but it was also in between meal times and not crowded.  However, the strip mall itself was packed.  It is always packed.  The parking lot stresses me out.  So, go at your own risk, and don't bother trying to park close.
5	Customer service is always an A+! My husband and I come in a lot! They have our drink order down as well as our food order!! Super friendly and they always cater to our needs! We love this pita jungle!!
3	Not bad. A little pricey, but the food's good.
4	Always love coming here. It's always packed and the outdoor patio looks out over a nice lake. Service is always decent, nothing special. It's a healthy alternative to anything else, I think.
4	My review for THIS Pita Jungle was in error. It was meant for the Pita Jungle on 50th St.. in Ahwatukee.I apologize to this Pita Jungle location. PLEASE ignore my comments since it applies to the Pita Jungle on 50th st in Ahwatukee.
4	I stopped in for a late lunch with my son and was very pleasantly surprised at just how good the service was here.  We had drinks by the time we sat down and our baba ganoush app was there in light speed.  The food was very good and the Gyro that followed were huge and amazing.   Very cool artwork on the walls and the nice and clear appearance make this place high on my list for a quick byte for lunch. A bit more upscale than your average lunch spot yet with the prices and service that are better than most.  Will certainly be back for a tasty Gyro.
2	I usually love Pita Jungle ( I eat here about 4 times a week) but I will drive out of my way to avoid this location from now on.  I always order take out and the inconsistencies drive me nuts. Tonight my Mediterranean Chicken Salad was missing the golden raisins and they forgot the dressing. Last time, it was missing the cucumbers. My boyfriend always gets a side of garlic new potatoes and it has become a joke each time we pick up to see what type of container and what size they will be. We always pay the same price, but sometimes the order of potatoes is at least half the size it was the time before. Of course all of this is more frustrating because you dont realize these things until you get home. The last thing you want to do is drive all the way back to the restaraunt.  At least there are plenty of other locations to choose from because this one needs a lot of work!
5	I love this pita jungle location.  Has nice patio overlooking the lake.  The customer service is excellent and the menu options are innovative fresh and healthy. Im Def a true fan.
5	The salads here are absolutely delicious and there is so many choices to choose from! The service was so nice and I enjoyed that the hosts and servers were all wearing their normal attire. The building was so unique and I loved the decor in the place. I got the Greek Salad, I highly recommend it!
5	I love pita jungle. The food is amazing and everything tastes so fresh. I have loved everything I have tried there. Only downside is it's super busy nights and weekends. But that's because it's so good. I would hope they would have a happy hour or some kind of promotion for birthdays or something like that. The service is pretty good also. I highly recommend the garlic dip!!
5	I've been going to this Pita Jungle since a long time ago.  I have never had a bad meal.  Service has always been fantastic.  I love how they are situated overlooking the lakeish area.  It's got lots of windows and lets light in and in the evening, it's not too dark.We've never had bad food at any of the Pita Jungles, but the ambiance of each one is quite different.When I was single, I would go with my sister to lunch here.  When I got married, I would go with my husband.  Now that we have children, we go with our children.  Because they have a good variety of foods even for those with allergies, it's a great place to meet up with my siblings and their families.Love, love, love this place.  However, it's too far from where we live, so when we moved 5 yrs ago, this was just too far to drive and we've cut down on our eating out.However, this is a great place to great really super delish food at reasonable costs with great service.  If only all restaurants were this good.
5	I've been going here for decades, have tried most every dish, and love them all. A bit crowded, and not my favorite cozy atmosphere but great for a healthy lunch.
5	This place is always consistent. I love the spin on some med. dishes. Some of my personal favorites are chicken with hummus as a meal. Get half red half green hummus. You can't go wrong with the chicken shawarma, philly cheese steak or lavosh. Delicious and laid back. This location had live music on a Thursday night. Pretty nice addition
4	you cant really go wrong with pita jungle. There food is always fresh and good no matter what location you are going to. There are very different vibes based on the location though. tempe location is pretty hipster while the gilbert one is great to bring your kids too. I mean that makes sense right. The chandler location is on a lake which is nice for dates. So lets get to the food, and lets start with the hummus. All flavors are delicious. The jalepano cliantro is the best. For lunch sometimes I get the hummus with chicken its a great lunch! There portions are huge any pasta and salad your going to end up taking home. lentil fatoosh salad is AMAZING. I was actually nicknamed "the fatoosh" for a while because it was all I ate for a summer. anywaysssss after that the pasta salad is great! the 1000 beans is good. the lavash wraps are great I mean they are all pretty good. If you can get there for their happy hour its a great deal. small plates or tapas for around $2 a piece and they are great for the after work munchies. Beer selection is not that great though. hope you enjoy this place as much as I do!
4	Had the tikka massala and it was amazing. Service was a little slow due to kitchen mix up but the food made up for it. It was also a little warm inside.
5	1st time. Got small hummus, split it w/ all three kinds. Very delicious. Salmon salad was also delicious. Would recommend & will be back!
5	this is hands down my favorite place to eat! there pesto pizza tastes absolutely incredible and it's cheap! I would recommend this place to anyone :)
2	My least favorite pita jungle location throughout the valley.  I always order garlic dip and extra pita when I eat at pita jungles.  While its as flavorful and great as everywhere else here they are by far the most stingy in the amount they give you.  I once asked during a takeout order why it was so small (i ordered a large like always) and the explanation was "a large is just supposed to cover the bottom of the container" and that was exactly what I got.  Imagine taking a paintbrush and spreading it along the bottom so that it appears there is more.  I'm talking millimeters here.  Every single other location gives double what they do here, and when I brought it up I got nothing but attitude.  Wont be visiting this location again.
5	The food was amazing the falafel sandwich was great and the hummus was amazing. My wife had the salmon burger and it was also amazing will def be back
1	Thanks for serving me rotten artichoke.  Thanks for not chomping the meal.  This place is either great or horrible.  It could possibly be most inconsistent restaurant I have ever gone too.The manager comes over and apologies but doesn't comp the meal. And doesnt assure me it will never happen again.  I believe he said I checked and didnt see any more rotten ones.  No kidding they are not all rotten.  Rotate your food to ensure its always fresh.  Restarant 101. Obviously I have to continue to expext more of the same.
5	Excellent artichoke pasta salad and green lentil soup, service is always great! Please open a store in Casa Grande!
4	I love this place. The chicken pasta salad is my favorite along with taziki. The only item they could improve are the pitas.  They are dry. Their name includes it so you would think they would be better. All in all I'll always go back! The atmosphere is great and I always get great service.
4	We were there again and had the seafood salad and the halibut bouillabaisse style and it was delicious.
5	If I had to eat at the same restaurant every day, I would choose Pita Jungle.I could have their babaghannoush and lavosh chicken shwarma day in and day out! Seriously I am never let down by their food and quality of the food as well.After living overseas in the Middle East, I had looked everywhere to find that authentic flavor of hummus & baba; and I found it (to my surprise) at Pita Jungle! I will always come back here, and it just always "sounds good."
2	I heard such great reviews about this place, so we were excited to give it a try. Such a beautiful Friday evening, we opted to sit on the patio which has a very nice view of the lake and fountain. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lavosh Wood-fired pizza, Three Cheese and Spinach Quesadilla and the Philly Steak pita. Let me just say it all LOOKED great, it just tasted very bland :(...not enough spice in any of the dishes to make it flavorful (and I don't care for spicy food, so for me to say that it, is pretty darn bland!) Our server was sweet, but not the most attentive. She never checked on us after our food arrived to see if we liked it (she knew we were first-timers) or to refill our drinks. When we were done and she finally came around to clear our plates, we told her the kids did not care for their food and she kindly removed their entrees from the bill. That is the only reason I might decide to give this place a second chance. Maybe we just had an "off" experience...it happens.
3	So I came to pita jungle for the first time with a bunch of friends from California visiting. We were all not impressed. Well I mean w the service. We came all the way from north phoenix and we were all extremely hung over so it kind of made the experience kind of worst. But no that's not why it was a bad experience. We had to wait about 15 mins for our drinks, I had no cuttery so I had to steal my roommates,  she was just slow. I don't know if she was new or not but the restaurant was like empty. I'm a server and I'm sorry if your service is that slow when the place is practically empty then you shouldnt be a server. Despite the horrible service, the food was good, I had the blackbean burger and it was so good. Everything was good because everyone got something different and they all were satisfied. The restaurant was cool it was totally my style. The staff seemed super chill and friendly. Oh and I totally want thay awesome wine rack they have when you first walk in.But I will totally be back maybe not to this location but one closer
4	Love this place. This is my first choice when asked what I want for dinner. The Philly puta is delicious. I love the hummus trio. This place has a great wIt staff. I highly recommend.
5	I love this place! Cool, hip yet comfortable and friendly. The wait staff and chefs are ON IT! Very good customer service, very accommodating. Super efficient kitchen that just hums along. It looks like they are having so much fun too! The lentil soup- delicious, the chicken tika- wonderful, roasted cauliflower was delicious. They have live jazz on Thursdays. I am a foodie from Chicago and this has become my go-to restaurant. Thank you Pita Jungle! Keep it up!
5	Pita Jungle, although a chain restaurant, rarely disappoints me.  Does it have the finest food, probably not, but it caters to the varied, like me, who want to have the choice of having a decent meal with no meat.  So, I had one of my favorites, One Thousand Beans, which is definitely a two meal dish.  Leftovers will go well with scrambled eggs or egg whites.  Le bf had the salmon burger and he so obviously was satisfied because he said so.  He ordered us up a bowl of vanilla yogurt for dessert but since the waiter said it was just a scoop he said "give us two."   Well, it was way more than just a scoop (see picture).  There is a yogurt store right or almost beside this PJ so maybe they have a cooperative thing going on (wouldn't that be nice and novel) and they run over to the yogurt store for this dessert.  Oh, and I should mention that the was service good.  Our waiter was extremely personable in a genuine way.  I am giving this PJ in Chandler 5 stars because it was, all in all, a good dining experience.
3	Came back to Pita Jungle after several years (bad previous experience caused me to stay away). Took the chance and came back again. Ordered the Pesto Lavash Pizza and it was delicious. It was a bit pricey for what I got but tasty nonetheless. The reason why I give it a 3/5 is because service was less than stellar. Co-worker had to wait like 20 minutes to get his order taken since it came after I did.All in all would come back again but will try for an earlier time slot to avoid the slow customer service.
5	This is the place to go for healthy, great food with a modern, ambience. Art is comprised of  artist's work hung on the walls and available for sale. They have a nice open patio in the back looking over the water feature at Anderson Springs. I have not had a bad meal here ever. Everything is tasty and fresh. Kyle was our server and he was friendly and fast. He even offered to put some ice tea in a to-go cup. I've been to Pita Jungle in Pasadena, CA and in Irvine, CA it's not the same in Cali. It's way better in AZ. Certain evenings have live music. This is a great place for a date with music, wine with some apps; how can you go wrong? Keep up the good work with great food Pita Jungle - and I will always come back!
3	Was really looking forward to eating here again.Unfortunately, after waiting seven minutes without being acknowledged by the staff I decided to leave. Place wasn't busy as peak lunch hour had passed and it was well staffed.If it were busy I'd say no big deal it happens but I can't sit at my table and watch 5 different servers pass my table without a greeting. I'm in the minority but I'll pass.After being contacted by management about my review I'm upgrading to 3 stars. I will return and hopefully I'll be able to give a proper review based on not only the service but also the food.It's nice to see that management cares and acted immediately. I don't like writing nasty reviews especially for restaurants and businesses. It was a disappointing visit today but credit to them for making it right. As a customer it really is all I can ask.Thanks Pita Jungle
4	Love the good and the ambiance. Service can be a little slow, but friendly. Today was very fast, despite only two servers on, but it was a slow time of day.
5	My wife dragged me into Pita Jungle. I got to admit I was not really interested in eating at Pita Jungle. However, I made my wife happy & agreed to eat there. I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak. Wow, it was amazing I was shocked by how good it was. The Hummus & Chicken was delicious as well. Glad my wife dragged me into Pita Jungle.
4	Can never go wrong with the hummus and chicken or ahi tuna app....also love the wood fired salmon salad.  Waterside porch is an added bonus!
3	I love Pita Jungle! Every meal I've had is on point, at any location I've been to. The chicken and hummus is my top pick. Their pesto pizza with chicken is healthy and super flavorful. I recently had their cheese and spinach quesdilla with chicken and fell in love!! Happy Hour is the best time go if you want a quick drink and filling snack, very well priced items. I gave THIS location 3 stars because the service is always spotty, no one really smiles at you, and if you order food to go, they will NOT heat up the pitas. I have even complained before about this because,  lets be honest, who eats a COLD pita and enjoys it. My response was "Its something we choose not to do. You can request it on your next order." Seriously? I've had to go orders from many other Pita Jungles and they some how managed to find the time to heat up my pitas. Get it together!
