5	I have a white scottish terrier, his name is Duncan, he's a year and a half old.  I've lived in Las Vegas for 4 years and have had a real difficult time finding a groomer that can meet my criteria.  The owner, Jamie, is such a great person, she listens and delivers on your expectations.  Every time I ask a groomer if they can do a Scottie cut, they all tell me, of course we can and the result is never very good.Jamie delivers on her promise and on top of that makes certain that your pet is safe and has a good experience when getting groomed.  Her pricing is very competitive, it only cost me $40 for my dogs cut and she includes a teeth cleaning.  I was paying around $50-$60 for a cut and it didn't include any of the extras that Jamie provided.Great salon, great groomer.
5	I have been taking my 2 cockapoos, (Sophie and Jake,) to Jamie at Best in Show Groomers for several months now.  The service we have received there is nothing short of outstanding.  Jamie has passion for what she does.  Jamie also always makes sure to communicate with you to make sure she understands what you want, and she makes sure that you are happy with the results before you leave.  The shop itself is another subject.  I have been to many groomers.  I have never been to one that is consistently kept this immaculate. It is easy to see that Jamie adores all animals and loves what she does.  Jake and Sophie love her and have never looked so good.
5	My dogs look great! I have two tri-color Shih-Tzu's that require a decent amount of grooming. This was their second trip to Best in Show and I was pleased with the outcome both times. I paid $80, $40 per, which is pretty standard. My female will not sit still and my male is very vocal. He growls almost constantly. They are not the easiest dogs to groom, so anyone who can consistently groom them to my specifications is a keeper.
5	I had brought our Pomeranian "Timmy" to another dog groomer and they gave him the worst cut imaginable. I let "Timmy's" hair grow out for eight months before getting him groomed again. I brought him to "Best in Show" where Jamie gave him such an adorable cut. I want to say thanks to Jamie & Ty for being so kind and courteous. I will definitely bring Timmy back for future grooming.
5	I've been bringing my dog in for about year now, and I've been satisfied.  Their pricing is reasonable and they make reasonable accomodations.  What other groomer do you know that when you call at 9am on a Saturday and ask if they have any time available for a groom will actually say yes, and on top of that, will be ok with you if you can't pick up your dog the moment the groom is done?  High-five to this place!
5	These guys are awesome. My husky mix Holly has gone here twice, and they are so sweet with her when she freaks out as the leash is handed over to the groomer. She always comes back looking three shades whiter and shedding much less than before she went in, which is a real blessing for us. My only complaint, and it's not enough of a complaint to take off a star, is that the first time they cut her nails but didn't grind them, and her long nails with our wood floors make that an issue. They did grind them on my husband's request the second time though!
5	I am very very very impressed with this place!I brought my Pom here for a much needed haircut and bath... And they made her come out looking the best she's looked ever! A nice lion cut, teeth cleaning, and nails, and all that good stuff... Clean-up crew to the rescue!I'm from out of town, I live in California, but I kid you not... I am waiting for my next Vegas visit so I can bring my Wakame to this spot... Best joint in the West! And... affordable too!
5	Take your beloved pet here. My Shih-Tzu's are 5 years old and have had their fair share of groomers. We all agree that this place is the best. The service is great and more importantly, consistant. I never have to bring my pooches home and give them an extra little trimming to even them up. (Which I usually mess up anyway) I have had to do that more than once with other groomers. The price has not gone up with the popularity of this place. I paid $80 +tip (she deserves it) for the works. That's $40 per dog and very reasonable. I added some before and after photos to this review to showcase the work at Best in Show. Please judge the workmanship in the "after" photo and not personal negligence in the "before." Thanks.
5	I love this place!!!! The best my dog has looked ( and smelt, lol) in a long time!! they really took their time there and made sure i was happy with everything from start to finish. I give it a 10 thumbs up!!!
5	"Best in Show" has been good to us since we started taking our puppy Riley for the past year. Our puppy is a little much sometimes and for them to still be able to still get the job done is amazing. They always have Riley coming out looking like a new pup. To be honest, it's on the opposite side of town for us.... but we stay loyal to them because they're very good to our puppy. :)
5	I just adopted a rescue dog from CA and brought him home last night. He came home sort of smelly and dirty and a bit matted. The folks here took great care of Cooper who was a little out of sorts. They didn't keep him all day. I was able to pick him up in less than 2 hours and he was so fresh and clean and didn't look stressed or act funny afterwards. Overall, very excited about the experience since it's close by and convenient for us. We'll be back each month! Great job guys!
4	I love that I call this place the same day and I can always get my dog in right away. They always do a great job and my Bruce seems to be happy with the service as well.
4	We took our new pug, Frankie, here the day after we adopted him. In about two hours, they transformed Frankie from a smelly, sheddy beast to a handsome, freshly-scented little dog. The price was reasonable, his grooming was thorough and they even de-shedded him as much as possible (if you know anything about pugs, you know that this is a VERY good thing). He will be back when it's time for his next spa day!
5	This place is great.  I don't know why you would go anywhere else.  Jamie was extremely friendly and helped calm down my nervous Goldendoodle when we arrived.  Everything was perfect and all at a very good price.
5	Wow!!! I took my 5 month old Yorkie in for her first haircut and was very satisfied with Jamie's work. I had taken Khloe to Petsmart before and they refused to cut her hair because she was too scared of the clippers and they could not keep her still. When I walked into Best In Show, they greeted me nicely and Jamie took Khloe out of my hands right away to bond with her for awhile and get her comfortable with her, which is a BIG plus to me. I left the place calm knowing Khloe was in good hands. When it was time to pick her up, Khloe came running out the back room so happy and looked so freaking adorable!!!! She has the exact cut I asked for. She told me that Khloe was not very happy with anything she was doing to her but Jamie was very patient and sat down with her to calm her down and was able to get everything done.  I'm definitely using them from now on for Khloes grooming needs!!!!
5	Yup, yup, yup, yup.I like this place a lot.  First of all, whenever I call and tell them my last name, they instantly remember my dog.  I like that they remember my dog and seem excited when I say I'm bringing her in.My dog has a crazy fear of things around her butt (I mean, she jumped up about 50 feet when they tried to take her temp at the vet and then the next time almost bit the nurse), but she allows them to clean her anal glands.  My dog trusts them.Whatever they use there smells great and makes her black coat shine like an oil slick.  And the scent stays for days.Plus, a bath (which includes nail clip, teeth brushing, and ear clean) is only $30.Customer for life.
5	I have been searching for a dog groomer that actually knows what they're doing for awhile now, and I noticed Best In Show was right by my house and decided to try them because of the reviews. Well, I've finally found my groomer! I brought my mini American Eskimo, Bolt, to get shaved for the summer and he looks awesome! I really liked how friendly the staff were and they actually understood how I wanted Bolt groomed. Plus they kept saying how cute he was and he was totally comfortable there.They have very reasonable prices and are overall just awesome groomers. I will definitely take my pup here from now on! Thanks guys :)
5	Couldn't be more happier. I feel so comfortable knowing that my dog is going to be beautiful and taken care of.  Professional extremely talented and experienced groomer.  You can't go wrong taking your four-legged love to this groomer.  Always professional and a great value.  I recommend everyone to take their love to Best in Show. A++++++++
4	I decided to take my puppy Mr. Finnegan to the salon, because he really needed to get his nails cut. My girlfriend recommended this place, since she takes her two little puppies, Diddy and Bella here.The inside was very clean, and they had candles burning (that were made for getting rid of pet odor). I didn't like the two way mirrors, because you couldn't see your puppy. The staff was very friendly which put me at ease. Finnegan received the works at the salon! For $20.00 he got a bath, his nails clipped, anal glands, ears, and even a cute little bandana!!Definitely would recommend their services to anyone!
5	The best groomers in Las Vegas! I live just 2 minutes away and found them driving by. My little shih tzu has been there twice so far and he is only 5 months. I have to say the first thing i notice are the people who works there, they were extremely caring and welcoming. My little Kobi always felt very comfortable the first second he walks in.They were very understanding of how we wanted him to be groomed and all the request i mentioned they did it the way i expected it to be done. In the past i've seen horrible haircuts on dogs but the work they put into Kobi was gorgeous, It was not choppy at all. Kobi freaks out when anyone is touching his face and I cant believe how clean cut he looks especially around his face, and i know how jittery he gets.  The outcome so far has been exceptional and their work really speaks for there name "Best in Show".Try out there "Japanese style grooming", I was surprise how amazing my pup looks.Overall, they have great experienced groomers, they have awesome customer service, and they are reasonably priced for such great work. Kobi will for sure be coming here in the near future.
5	I took my 2 pomeranians there and they came out looking like little lions.  The staff was super friendly and my dogs looked great.  Their hair was really soft and the cut was perfect.  Definitely coming back :-)
5	Took my schnauzer here after some frightening visits to other groomers. I'd had them tell me that "Oh, he's sensitive about his legs" or "oh, he snapped at me". Now, I'm not that dog mom that says "Oh, he's an angel! He wouldn't ever do that!" No, if I think there's an issue, I'll tell you.After I picked him up, the groomer (I believe it was Jamie) told me that she didn't have a problem with him at all, that he was an angel. So, Crazy Dog Mom wins! ;)They were able to get him in at extremely short notice, did an incredible job and even a slightly modified Schnauzer cut, and the price was fantastic. $40 for the groom with a $5 off coupon, but even at $45, I'll be taking him back from now on. :)
5	I keep meaning to recommend Best in Show because I think it's the best grooming locale in town.  I've tried everything from the high end, expensive joints to Petco and haven't found a place I was completely satisfied with until I found Best in Show.  They take great care of my Yorkshire Terrier and they do it at a reasonable price,  The facilities are clean, the staff and owners and friendly and really know their stuff, and the prices are great for the quality of work.  If you are looking for a great groomer, look no further.
3	This is one of the hardest reviews I've ever written, I was in between giving this place a 3 to 4 star review. Yelp says I need to be a 'fan' for a 4 star review and I don't see myself going out of my way to use this particular groomer. I need to note that I got exactly what I was looking for, which was just a short haircut. I wasn't really picky about the cut and I suppose I let that known- whatever they thought was best was A-OK by me. I went to pick him up and didn't bother examining the little guy, like I said I wasn't picky. The groomer showed me a spot on his face that was a little uneven (little guy snapped at her while she was trying to trim his face, I felt awful, he gets a little impatient after a while- usually during nail trimmings). I had my friend hold onto him on the drive home, where she commented that his breath was awful, and asked if teeth brushing was included in the grooming package (I checked their website later on, and it's supposed to be). She also commented how strange it was that he didn't get a bow or bandana (I didn't really care). Later that day, I brought the pup home and another friend comments on how his coat is uneven. I took a look and there were spots on his body (mostly on his belly and legs) where it was uneven. By the end of the day, I'd received 2 recommendations for future services. Would I come back? Maybe if it was right down the street, otherwise unlikely. I didn't think there was anything special about this grooming salon; it seems that other grooming salons offer the same if not more services for the money ($45 for my 15 pounder).
3	i called in the afternoon asking if their full service cut included a nail trim and they told me yes. they were able to take my dog then so that was great. when i picked up my dog, he looked very handsome! i examined his cut and it looked great so i paid and left. when i got home, i realized that they did not cut his nails -.- i didn't wan't to drive all the way across town again just for them to cut his nails so they lose a star for that.
5	Hi LV yelpers!I moved away from Vegas 2 months ago and use to bring my yorkie here. Best in Show was in my neighborhood so it was convenient for me.Never had a problem with Ebi's grooming here. Fast and friendly service. I usually call in the morning then drop her off the same day.If you're looking for a groomer check out Best in Show :)Now to find another groomer in LA.Ebi approves BIS!- Miss Yelp 2013
5	I absolutely love this salon. I have been taking my dog here since he was a puppy and he comes back adorable every single time. I tell the groomer to make him look cute and she does just that. It saves me the hassle of having to pick out a haircut or worry about my dogs security. My dog loves coming here, because he knows he's in a friendly environment. I have never had a single problem here, and would recommend this salon to any of my friends.
1	I have never written a bad review and this is really difficult. I have been to Best in show one other time and everything was fine. This time was just a horrible experience. We dropped off our dog and when we went back to pick him up we were met in the parking lot with our  dog. We were told that they had no idea how but that he had been "cut" on the leg. The groomer had called ahead to their Vet and we were expected. We rushed over to the vet and our dog received five stitches for a very deep cut on his leg. He also had two other area where he had been cut. While I appreciate that they called the Vet, I am concerned that he had been cut an hour before we picked him up and no one called us. Our dog is part of our family and we love him dearly. This has been a rough 5 days for him. We cannot leave him alone because he chews at the bandages. He is just not himself. There are many other choices for dog grooming in Las Vegas. I will not return to Best in show dog grooming.On a side note, we have not heard a word from them since this happened. An apology would have been nice.
5	My Springer is so handsome and prancy after his summer cut here! They brushed his floppy matted ears and shaved him beautifully. Definitely a return customer!
5	After moving to Las Vegas I tried several groomers in the area and was not at all impressed.I ended up at Best in Show because they offer a discount on foster dogs and had to bring one for a basic groom.  After seeing the results I decided to make an appointment for my long hair dachshund who is the most difficult as far as getting the proper look of all my dogs for several reasons, allergies, special shampoos, ear attention, specific look, ect.I now bring my King Charles and Collie mix as well and am astounded each time I pick them up with how beautiful they look.Please keep in mind if you want something specific be VERY specific. They will be able to replicate what you are looking for but if you give them generals it would be the same effect as going to get your own hair done and saying "just throw in a few highlights". Chances are its not what you REALLY wanted. They are not mind readers.This husband and wife team are true professionals and artists in their field.Always courteous, scheduling is a breeze, the shop is clean and well maintained and they remember your dogs!
5	This place is GREAT! I have two small dogs that are my best friends, and go with me EVERYWHERE. So for me leaving them any place is NOT fun for me. But leaving with the groomers at this salon I do not mind. Kimmie takes wonderful care of both my dogs, just as they were her own! I know here both my pets will be well taking care of, and look GREAT when I come pick them up. I recommend this salon to anyone!!! Go here once, you wont go anywhere else!!!
5	We just brought our boys ( Shih Tzu and Cockapoo ) from VA and I must say.. after the VERY FIRST cut here my lil Rio came out of the place looking like he could win BEST IN SHOW.. He was HAPPY, which he was always a little timid coming from other place and this was the cutest cut he's ever had.  We will be moving further out of town but this is going to be my boys' groomer from now on.  Thanks so much !!
5	Took my pup into Best in Show early this morning to get a grooming. Like several other dog parents, I'm not really particular about the cut- I just prefer his hair to be cut short and his tail to be fluffy. Jamie assured me that she would personally groom my mutt after I experienced a few short comings last time I came in, and now am really happy I bought him in again.My little guy is a little temperamental about his personal space. I warn every groomer that he's sensitive about his paws, and Jamie seemed to handle him well. She got his hair cut about as perfectly as I've ever seen it, nails trimmed to a nice length, and his tail fluffy as I requested. Jamie informed me that she was unable to brush his teeth because he just wasn't tolerating it- I appreciate that kind of forwardness.What really put this place over the top was the selection of goods they offer in the store and the quality of customer service they strive for. They offer some really great quality pet odor eliminating candles, don't worry if you're like me and can't pick between 2- they're only $10 each. On my way out, I saw some dried tendon chews on a bottom rack. When I inquired about them, the cashier offered me a small one to try. Buddy munched on that thing all the way home- he didn't even want to come stand on my lap with this head out the window. I'll definitely need to stock up next time. PROS:Competitive pricing (don't forget to check in for $5 off your groom).Excellent quality grooming.Honest groomers will encourage you to go over the cut before you leave.CONS:Too far from where I live in NLV.
5	I had a very good experience at Best in Show!While I filled out my first-visit information, the guy at the desk (sorry, I forgot his name!) held onto my dog's leash and complimented his cuteness. He also recommended a vet for my dog. The lobby was clean, comfortable and full of interesting merchandise. It was very welcoming. The groomer herself came out to the lobby for a consultation and asked a few questions for clarification, and off they went into the back area. The grooming took about 4 hours, which is what I expected. Since I can bathe my dog myself at home, I usually only take him in to be professionally groomed to clean up the parts I struggle with and to get his fur short, so I did not ask for anything complicated, and I am happy to have received a smooth, clean dog with short nails and happy demeanor.The price was also reasonable for what I expected, about $45 for a ~25 pound poodle mix.All and all, this dog salon lived up to my expectations and I'm glad to have found it!I will definitely be taking my dog back and I'm sure if I ever wanted to get him a fancier cut, that Jamie would be able to do so!
5	I used to take my Jack-Rat Terrier, Sammy to "Just Like Home" but after having several problems over his last few visits and a recent move from the Centennial area to Summerlin, I decided it was time to look for something new.Of course I turned to Yelp to find a new groomer. I wanted something close and this place is only 2 miles from my house. I called on a Saturday morning and they were able to get me in that afternoon.First thing I noticed when I got there was how AMAZINGLY clean this place is. I was already impressed. I filled out a little bit of paperwork and the guy was nice enough to hold Sammy's leash while I filled it out. He told me it would be about 3-4 hours and he would call as soon as Sammy was finished. I looked around at their products a little bit before heading out. He was really knowledgeable about everything they carried and even told me that they use the products on their dogs first to test them out. Thought that was really cool. 4 hours later I get a phone call that Sammy is ready so I go pick him up. He was super happy to see me and in a really good mood. I could tell he was really comfortable being there. He looked good and smelled amazing! He told me Sammy did a great job and they had no problems with him. Sammy is a rescue and I think he had some rough times before I got him. He can be a little difficult at the groomer and the vet because he doesn't like to be touched by strangers really. He won't even let me brush his teeth or touch his paws (probably because I tickle them when he's sleeping haha!) So I was glad they had an easy time with him.I prepaid when I dropped him off and forgot to use my check in deal but he said I could use it next time. We will definitely be back! Great prices! $25 for deshedding for a 19 pound Jack-Rat Terrier (I called a diff place that morning and they wanted $60!)Super cleanNice staffGood locationHappy dog :)
5	I was a bit skeptical of all the reviews of this place because it all sounded too good to be true, but every good thing that everyone has said about this place is absolutely true! The store itself is nice. It's clean, and it looks professional. The staff was so amazingly friendly and reassuring.  You could tell that they really really love dogs, and they enjoy working with them. It was just a very fun and friendly environment. My dog is a lhasa apso mix, and she had tons and tons of matting all over her body. I knew that she'd have to be shaved, but I didn't want her bald like what my previous groomers did to her. I asked if they could possibly salvage some hair on her, but I wasn't expecting much. When I got her back I was really surprised at how much hair she had.  They managed to not shave her off completely, get rid of all her matting, and keep a good length of hair on her. I was extremely happy! They really listened to what I said. Another thing I love about this place is the price! The other groomers I went to would charge me extra to get rid of the matting so I was expecting that too, but they didn't charge me 1cent more than what we had previously discussed on the phone. It only cost me $45 for everything: bath, cut, ears cleaned, and nails trimmed. That's a pretty good price compared to the others I've been to. They also have a $5 off coupon if you check in, so really it only cost $40. STEAL! Best In Show Dog Grooming is my new permanent dog groomers. I will definitely come back again, and I definitely definitely recommend this place! The staff are friendly and will listen to you, and the price is incomparable!
5	It was my first time to bring my dog here after having a bad experience from the previous dog grooming place (Pawsh...). So far the experience was good. Called Thurs and was able to get an appointment on a Sat. The soft spoken lady who assisted me when I came in was nice. Although my dog was a little scared, I felt my dog was in safe hands when I handed him to her. There was a guy who came out and made a little conversation abt my dog.  He was also nice and made me feel more comfy with them. After 2 & 1/2 hours i got a call that my dog's ready for pick up. Quite fast. They did a pretty good job. Haircut done as instructed. So far I haven't seen anything wrong with my dog. No cuts, nothing bleeding or anything like that. The guy on check out was also nice and even accepted my $5 discount from yelp when I checked in. I also noticed that the other dog owners who I think are regular costumers there were comfortable with the place. A busy place doing a good job!Glad I found a new place where I can bring my dog for regular grooming!
5	I called and was able to have my dog bathed and groomed on the same day. The staff was very friendly, place is clean and organized, and they had my baby back to me in about an hour. Excellent place and it's obvious the staff cares about what they do. They did an excellent job !
5	My first time going here and even though I live pretty far from here I thought i'd give it a try to see if the reviews were on point.  I was really surprised with how both my dogs turned out!  They came in really matted and Jaime said that it was most likely impossible to keep their hair long, so I was expecting both dogs to be completely shaved off.My Bichon still had hair, white as ever, had the Bichon haircut, and was perfectly cut!  I couldn't believe how straight the cut was, it was a complete makeover!  Both my Lhasa and Bichon  were super soft and smelt fabulous, looked just like the dogs they have pictured on their website.  The place even smelt good and was very clean!They went way over my expectations and I will definitely be coming back.  The results make me want to keep up their hair now.  I finally found a place I can take my dogs and not be disappointed.  Well worth the drive!
4	Like many people, I found Best in Show through yelp after moving farther away from our regular groomer. The shop is very well kept and doesn't smell like wet dog. All trips to Best in Show have been awesome. I'm not particularly picky about a certain cut, as long as it's relatively short. I think letting them do there thing works out best as I've never been disappointed after picking up my dog after a groom. The only thing I'm not particularly fond of is the mirrored window. I'm sure they treat all the dogs well, but the fact they intentionally don't want anyone seeing what's going on bothers me.
5	I love this place and so does my dog. He comes out so fresh and so clean clean and happy. He loves Jamie and the other girls so I know they treat him well. I drive across town to come here because they are that good.
5	I had been giving my poor Etta James hair cuts on my own and trust me I know the task that it takes to do it. I wanted her to get pampered so I called Best In Show and they happily scheduled a same day appt for her. The staff was very inviting and I felt very comfortable leaving my furry baby. When I picked her up she was beautiful! Super happy and you can tell she was feeling fancy! I will happily recommend Best In Show to all my friends who are doggy parents!
1	Love the candles they have, but they made my yorkie look like a boy
5	Just moved to Vegas 2 months ago and my lil Pomeranian Winston was in need of grooming. Like many dog owners, any change in boarding, vets, grooming etc. can be challenging. After reading about different places on yelp I decided to make the 25 minute drive from south Vegas to this place, and let me tell you it was worth it! I called to make an appointment and they had plenty of openings and could take him the next day. Upon entry the retail area was clean, organized and the staff, friendly. I dropped my pup off at 1130 and as promised he was ready at 330. I asked for a "new puppy cut", which they nailed. You can tell they took there time, his coat and nails looked perfect, he smelled great, and he came out with a cute lil bandana. Def found my new groomer for sure, thumbs up for a well priced friendly staffed quality experience.
5	Went here after trying out a few different salons around Vegas. If we would've known about this place though, we would've been coming here all along!! Hands down the best groomer in town! All the staff was extremely nice and calm which helped keep Lilly calm. They really listened to how I wanted her hair cut, and did exactly that! Usually I dread seeing what the groomers have done to my poor puppy by the time I pick her up, but this time i was totally relieved! She came out looking fresh and clean and happy!
4	Did a great job on my dog. I am very happy with the results. They were professional and fast. $40 for all they did is a very good price. Shampoo...nail trim...tooth brushing...and anal glad expression. Highly recommend!
5	We've been bringing our Maltese here for about 2 years now. Even when we moved down to Rancho,  we thought about finding a more convenient location closer to home, but in the end this place wins out. They do a great job, the price is fair and the owner Tai works up front and he is perfect for a place like this. He immediately makes you feel that your dog is in good hands, and he is very gentle and loving with animals. I've gone to groomers throughout the years with other dogs, and this is the best place I've ever been.
5	Ive brought my dog here a few times and I always love getting her back after the grooming. The people are wonderful and are always friendly and listen to what I would like done to my dog. I have a large goldendoodle so she has a ton of hair that gets matted pretty easily but they have been able to get out her mats without any problem. This place is great if you want the best for your pup.
5	Great service, super nice people, reasonable prices. My little pug left happy and smelling great. Sad that I won't be in the area anymore, but would absolutely recommend this to anyone in the Vegas area!
5	Jerry is the best!!! She does an amazing job with our schnauzer. She is kind and gentle and Henry loves going to see her.
1	I don't know how this place got any good reviews, this place is the WORST.  I've obviously had bad experiences with businesses before but I just accept it as bad luck and go to the next place.. I was so unhappy with everything about this place I had to leave my very first yelp review ever.  To start, when we first walked into this place the lady at the front desk was very cold and unwelcoming, she did not acknowledge our pup at all and when it was time to leave she just took his leash and brought him into the back did not say hello to him or even look at him.  We dropped our pup off at 12 and around 4:30 I was getting concerned so I finally called them to see what was taking so long as they close at 5..  Finally around 5:15 over 5 hours after I had dropped him off he was ready for pickup.  When I asked the lady why it took so long to groom a 12 pound pup she said they were very busy and have to rotate the dogs, which basically means the put him in a cage, then take him out cut him then back in the cage for 2 hours, then back out to wash then back in the cage for 2 hours.  Then out again to finish.  They told me he was difficult that was the reason it took so long, but we have never had any problems in the past with him.  And if he was difficult what does putting him in a cage for hours accomplish.  This place clearly overbooks to try and make more money and does not give the full attention each dog at one time.  After I brought my pup home he would not come to me or have anything to do with me at all, he just sat in the corner the whole time and did not want to move which is very unlike him.  When I tried to pet and comfort  him he snapped at me and was clearly scared.  He stayed this was for almost 3 days until he finally began to warm up to us again.  This can only make me believe that he was treated aggressive and badly during his appointment.  Also he had bad razor burn, he just licked his underbelly and rubbed on the carpet for 4-5 days after the appointment.  I was clearly upset about this.  Understand he is just a pup and these experiences and be hard on pups, but he has had 2 prior visits to a different groomer and never had a single issue and the people were always very happy to have him.  This place obviously doesn't have the animals best interest in mind and is mire concerned with making money.. There's a reason the grooming area is completely blocked from view to the customer.    Please don't waste your time or money here and save your pup the tough day.
3	I've only been here once and unfortunately I had a bad experience after bringing my Maltese there. She came home and was not her usual self for about 4 days. She kept licking her butt and going to the corner like she was scared. I believe they cut her too close to her butt.
5	Best in Show is not close to me, however, I will be returning for our next groom! For 45$ they did the works on my cocker spaniel (which petco charged me 70$ to do....) and they were super fast! My dog is deaf and has had some issues with other groomers (again only petco), but the gals here said she did great.  I'm really pleased with their work and highly recommend them!
1	Not sure how this place has a good reviews bad costumer service and poor care about the dogs I never bring my dogs again to this place I just got a bad experience
5	Since Jeri has been managing the business, nothing but good things to say about Best in Show!We regularly take our dogs there, and I would highly recommend them. They're super nice people, down-to-earth, and really go out of their way to do a good job for us. Thanks a ton! See you next time!
1	I "USED" to bring my Sasha here for 2 years!  This place was awesome when Jamie owned it, now, this place has never been the same since JAMIE left! She was the BEST groomer/owner, Jamie was awesome (still is)! the last time I took Sasha for a grooming here was 2 weeks ago, her cut was just terrible and I found a clipper rash underneath her tail! NOW I am going elsewhere....
5	Another great cut!!!! Henry looks amazing. Thank you for listening to my requests and following through. My husband who normally doesn't say anything commented on how great Henry looks!!!!! Keep up the great work.
5	We brought our dog dante here, I know how hard to take care of my dog especially with nail trimming and haircutting, but you guys did an awesome job!The haircut is so nice and hes so soft... We'll see you again next time! Thank you for your great service, care and patience.. :)
5	Did an immaculate job! Kind, caring, and affordable. I'm new to Vegas and this will be the salon I will always take my dog too.
5	Love bringing my little Skittles there, She is really taken care of and the owner is very passionate about her job. She is very welcoming and loving to the dogs
5	I was disappointed to see a bunch of bad reviews now on Best In Show. It's disappointing to hear that everyone doesn't have the same wonderful experience I do. Even though Jamie left, we are still treated very well. Cooper was a rescue and they continue to make sure I get first appointment so he doesn't have to stay there too long. They get his issues and move him in and out fast. They are still kind and compassionate for him. They have all the same groomers since Jamie left. I haven't had any issues to date and I go monthly for the last 2+ years. If that changes, I'll be sure to update again.
5	I wrote this on the 9th:I was disappointed to see a bunch of bad reviews now on Best In Show. It's disappointing to hear that everyone doesn't have the same wonderful experience I do. Even though Jamie left, we are still treated very well. Cooper was a rescue and they continue to make sure I get first appointment so he doesn't have to stay there too long. They get his issues and move him in and out fast. They are still kind and compassionate for him. They have all the same groomers since Jamie left. I haven't had any issues to date and I go monthly for the last 2+ years. If that changes, I'll be sure to update again.As of today, the 12th of August:I believe the way to success is when you call, ask for their "slower days" and address your concerns and threshold for how long you are willing to leave your dog. When I booked my appointment, we worked out a day a few days out to get a first in the morning appointment on a Tuesday. Cooper was in at 8 and out by 9:15. Not sure you can do much better than that!
5	The past few times I have brought my toy poodle here I have not been disappointed!! Thank you for grooming my puppy in a quick amount of time for an amazing rate! All the staff here are incredible and I highly recommend best in show to do the job! :)
4	I have never left a review before but felt I needed to write one today.....I Just picked my Shih tzu up from her first grooming with Best in Show and couldn't be happier with the results!. My dog is older and a bit cranky at times and can be a challenge to groom and our past experiences with other groomers have been quite unpleasant for my pup. Jeri was amazing with her and she looks fabulous. No nicks, razor burns or any other problems she even managed to put two pretty little bows on hers ears ( that has never happened before) my dog doesn't sit still for that stuff lol. We have found a new groomer for my Miss Beezy....We'll be seeing you again in about 4 weeks.:)
5	After reading all the groomers on yelp this one seemed to be the best choice and reviews. Thankfully I was correct :) they did an Amazing job on my Pom his hair was even and his nails were trimmed and not sharp and they put a cute bandana on him  :) I'll definitely be back next month :) great place glad I found this place !!! make sure to check in for 5.00 off (came out to 40.00)
4	I live a little out of the way from this facility but the way they take care of my Yorkie Brewser is worth it! His hair cut is always perfect!
5	Really wonderful, small grooming business! The cheapest I have found for my large Samoyed and also the best quality. You can tell the female (I assume is the owner or manager) really takes pride in her business! I have went five times and bring my dog monthly now because the price is reasonable and Bear looks amazing once they are done. Only one time I feel like his cut wasn't as good, but the other four times it was 5 star service for sure!
5	Amazing ! Every single time I bring my puppy here Im always happy with the way she looks.  Coco is always happy from the second we walk in here which is a big plus ! She wants to be at Best in Show !! Katie is Awesome she takes such good care of coco and makes her look amazing . Owners and the rest of the staff are very friendly. They care for each and every dog giving them their undivided attention and love. Im sure that you won't be disappointed if you take your puppy here.
