5	I was in the Mill Avenue District last night and as I was walking south from the light rail stop I noticed this shop.  There were red bench/couches along the walls and very 50s modern colorful chairs by the tables.  I noticed the video screens above the yogurt dispensers and I thought that was cool.  I made a note of the place and thought I should come back (I hadn't had dinner yet).  So off I went to dinner.After my dinner I decided to put my commerce where my mouth was and so I stopped in to Mojo ASU-Mill Ave.  I looked around for a few moments until I figured out the system.  Then came the big decision...what to have.  I looked around and decided that since I used to be a Skinny White Boy then that's what I'd get.  So I got my yogurt and went over to the topping bar and figured I'd keep it basic so I just went with strawberries.  I made a great choice (for myself anyway) because the yogurt was top-tier and the strawberries were very fresh and very tasty.As I was eating my creation I looked around and noticed they were playing some sort of black and white video on one of the HDTV screens against the outer wall,  I thought that was a nice touch.  I enjoyed the modern/urban vibe I got from the place and the fact it was so close to the light rail stop satisfied my sensibilities.  I'll definitely be going back!!
5	L'amour, l'amour -- toujours l'amours!  I love you Mojo!   My account exec and I took a stroll down Mill Ave the other day to have our weekly meeting off site. It was the afternoon and the weather was nice and she suggested we hit up Mojo.  I'd not been yet but I'd heard some stirrings about this place.  I'm thinking, yogurt.  Yeah.  Thrills. Little did I know what was in-store for me!First off, Mojo gets big points for decor/ambience. They took that nasty former Quiznos and turned it into a pleasure den of low-fat lusciousness.  The whole place is so visually appealing that I just want to hang out there all day...incredible blend of bold reds and shimmering oranges -- from floor to ceiling the joint is spic-and-effig-span CLEAN.  It literally sparkles and the staff was all over keeping the place wiped up and hyper-presentable.   There are funky late 60's-early 70's light fixtures and form-molded chairs and shiny red diner-style booths throughout.  The music (which is so freaking key to ambiance and I don't know why so many people miss this), is a killer mix of positive, chill alternative.The whole place is set up like a giant oval. Really good deployment of human factors engineering/usability with the redesign of the space.  You enter up front, bear to the left and grab your container of choice.  Then you follow  the back wall around and indulge in up to like 14 flavors of frozen yogurt. Fill your cup 'cuz it's only $0.39/ounce!  I got the mint and the pistachio (which was absolute heaven in a cup!).  They also have little "Ny-quil" sized cups for sampling. The green tea was gross - -avoid. Next comes the best part -- two mini buffet bars of the most righteous yogurt condiments/compliments I've ever seen...fruit, nuts, jimmies..etc. and some innovative faves like Cap'n Crunch, Cocoa Pebbles and this interesting chocolate stuff called "flake". I keep wanting to call it "bark" or "root"...I dunno why.Then you slide on over to the super helpful and incredibly upbeat & welcoming lady at the reg, who weighs your yogurt and you pay.  At 39 cents an ounce this stuff is cheap. Then go enjoy your snacky-treats inside or outside on Mill.   It's delicious.  The entire experience is great and the staff is top-notch.After tasting the pistachio the one day with my AE -- I craved it all the next day, so the other half and I drove back into Tempe after dinner the next nite for a replay.  Unfortunately they'd swapped out the pistachio for "birthday cake", which made me slightly sad, but the mint still rocks my world.  You can sit on the bench outside and watch the freaks fly their flags and the business travelers & stoo-dents walking by.  Great people watching. Too much fun.  Too delicious. Too perfect a cost for a great time.  I say 100% phenomenal value and I'm so glad you're adding value to the Mill Ave street scene.Yay for Mojo!  Yay for Tempe!  Yay for Yogurt!  Yay for me!
4	"I love this place. Do you know that ridiculous franken-salad that you make when you go to your local salad buffet? That salad that has spinach, lettuce, egg crumbles, wontons, cheddar cheese, olives, artichoke hearts, corn and Italian dressing? Take that kind of creativity and apply towards frozen yogurt. Amazing flavors yet to be discovered can be found when eating here. Did you know that if you combine mango froyo, vanilla froyo, rasberries, cheese cake crumbles and gummi bears together it tastes something like Pine-Sol smells? It's incredible.Tips for newbs - 1.) You serve yourself and then you pay by weight. 2.) If you put too much froyo in your cup before you get to the topping bar you won't have enough room for the 10 different fruits and sprinkles you'll want to put on top."
4	We were strolling around at the Tempe Arts Festival earlier today looking for somewhere to cool off. I spotted MoJo Yogurt and peered in (having only walked by it before). The many soft-serve pull handles caught my eye, and I had to go in for a closer look.MoJo is a serve-yourself yogurt parlor selling goodies at about 40 cents an ounce... Sounds like a bargain at first until you remember how much an ounce is.... but hey, the fair food outside was way overpriced anyway so why not? You take a cup and meander buffet-style through the selections, pulling this lever and that lever until you have the perfect mix. This location had a neat-looking pipeish keeper-in-liner that should keep customers in an orderly line, but like normal people everyone wanted to go back and forth to the other flavors so they were sure they didn't miss anything they'd enjoy. So envision a cattle chute with lots of kids and adults milling around.I chose vanilla and skinny blueberry (this is sugar free, I learned earlier, not sure if they use a sucralose substitute or just the blueberries) with kiwi and fresh blueberries for the kiddo and my husband and I had a little sample of the pistachio, chocolate cookie, and mint. The mint was lovely, light and refreshing, but the pistachio was weak and watery and tasted off to me.After selecting your yogurt you move on to a toppings buffet. The back toppings were very hard to reach, I had to reach under the sneeze guard thus defeating its purpose. Interesting choices were Mochi balls and Fruity Pebbles, but if you aren't feeling adventurous they had old standbys like sprinkles and nuts and such.We spent about $6 on the two small cups, but it was just what we needed to cool down. Beware the toppings, they will add to your cost significantly. That said, we will likely go again and again to try different flavors. I was very satisfied with the mint and will give the pistachio another go. If nothing else, it's worth it for the novelty.
5	Mojo is fantastic! After dining at Cafe Boa in Tempe we were waltzing back to our car's and were drawn to the unique set up of MOJO. We walked in and then found ourselves with mini buckets of frozen yogurt goodness. What I love about these kinds of places is the amount of control they give to the consumer. Although not posted, I did find a little pamphlet with nutrition info so I knew what kind of damage I was doing. The Tart flavor for example is 90 cal/half cup serving and the 'skinny white boy vanilla' comes in at 80 cal/half cup. Now folks, hate to tell you but the buckets they give you to fill are way beyond a single serving so if you are watching the calories, beware! Anyways, I went with a little taste of the skinny strawberry and also the original tart flavor. I topped it off with fresh strawberries and raspberries and my total was under $3 (really tried to keep it to a half cup). My favorite flavor was the tart and you couldn't go wrong with the fresh fruit!Fun with friends or with a date or if you just want a nice tasty treat!  Check it out!
5	Mojo is awesome and the perfect spot for battling the upcoming heat.The yogurt is delicious and being able to pick and choose your flavors and toppings to your taste makes it even better.The experience is easy and hassle-free.Nice addition to Mill Avenue!
5	There's not much to dislike about this place. I didn't think that I even wanted dessert (since I had just inhaled a very filling dinner at Bison Witches down the street), but after walking by and perusing the lay of the land I couldn't really resist Mojo. They have a ton of flavors which is a nice change from most fro-yo places that only have 4 different choices. The toppings are fantastic, you can take the healthier route and go with fresh fruit (not the frozen kind that most places defrost and dump in a bowl), typical (candy bars, oreos, etc), or something a little special (fruity pebbles, cap'n crunch). I had the Cookie Monster yogurt with Oreos and Reese's Peanut Butter Cups...good lord it was delicious. The people working behind the counter were really friendly, a little sassy, and actually seemed happy to be at work...great mix. I was also pleasantly surprised at how affordable it was. We got two full cups with tons of toppings and it was under $8. The only thing I didn't love was the decor, we couldn't decide if they were trying to be 70's retro or futuristic, but that's hardly something that would keep me from coming back to this place over and over again.
5	mojo, you fro-yo mofo, i'd go homo for you-o!  i heart this place...especially cuz i get to SAMPLE!!!  i don't know why i even bought anything...i totally could have filled up on samples...i guess i couldn't have gotten the THIN MINT chunks tho!!!!tried the pistachio (super sweet), mint (mint-TASTIC) and cappuccino (mmmmmmmmmm) w/ raspberries and thin mint chunks....SUPER TASTY...srsly, worth the money and it really wasn't THAT expensive.  ESPECIALLY cuz this fro-yo got me thru the rest of my day in my ridiculously long nursing class.  MOJO is the ROCKSTAR of the fro-yo world...i am now a mojo roadie!
5	I've been to the Tempe one twice, and love the concept, and all of the different flavors. Its a great place because you choose what you want and how much you want.
4	I admit it... It was me who convinced Sarah P and Jared M to accompany me to Mojo last night after the OYE at La Bocca.  I used the excuse that Sarah really needed to try it, but honestly, I selfishly just wanted it - I didn't care too much about Sarah trying it or Jared getting it either.  We walked the 4 blocks to get our fro-yo from Mojo (me in heels no less), and it was totally worth it.I mixed up a big cup of original tart, pomegranate tart, and passion fruit flavors with melon mochi and yogurt chips.  The only negative is that the melon mochi is not as delightful as the original (plain) flavored mochi.  Other than that, I was happy as a clam.  Friendly service, clean topping bar, and the total for all four cups (we brought a cup back for Julian) was $16.  (Yes, it was on the pricier side, but it was worth it).Now I'm off to make time in my day to get to the gym to burn off the wine, pizza, and fro-yo that was consumed last night, and I'll soon start that damn wedding diet (again)!
5	Original Tart, Skinny Blueberry and Pistachio......HELL YEAH! I had to cure my craving from last night and headed over today for a Delicious concoction al'a me ;-) .......you serve yourself you know! Like I said Tart, blueberry and pistachio with a sprinkling of strawberries (see pics) Two Words........ LOVE IT!!! See you Tomorrow, Mojo! XO
5	With the exception of the hair salon I just seem to be handing out 5 star reviews like they are earplugs to drown out Sarah Palin's garish voice (why is she still in the news anyway?).I have jumped on the bandwagon of the fro-yo craze when I first walked into JuJu Berri. But now I have tried Mojo and love it for different reasons!Mojo is slightly (2 cents) more per ounce = 39 cents but it's not breaking my bank so I'm cool and this is why:-So many cooler flavors! Can you say Birthday Cake, Mint and Cafe Mocha???-Interesting mix ins that compliment the unique flavors!-A cool staff that gave my friend and I double punches on our buy 10 get one free card!-The staff also recommended great flavor combos like mango and real raspberries to make our tastebuds EXPLODE!Love the mod decor!
3	It is funny but I still miss the Frozen Yougurt the way it is served in Germany or other countries....the instant mix (as a blizzarf) of a piece of frozen yogurt with the fruit of your choice, cookie, candy, etc. Still this place is fine, you can mix the flavors or not and add by the end some extras (fruit, grains).  The way they charge is by ounce, so watch out when you are loading your cup!
5	I am a Golden Spoon fan but hands down this is one of the best yogurt places I have ever been in. Visited here with some out of town guest and during there 4 day stay we had to make a trip back. Ample free samples and tons of toppings to chose from - various fruits, sweets, nuts, granola and even cereal!Just don't let your eyes get the best of you - you are paying by the ounce here.
4	Update: Pistachio still thin and watery. Will stick with the other flavors. Bummer!
5	What an exciting time.  I am writing my first YELP review about the wonderful MOJO Yogurt  I visited yesterday afternoon.   There were so many wonderful flavors to choose from and the people there were nice enough to pass out tiny little sample cups.  It was a challenge narrowing down my selections to a few flavors but I somehow managed.  I ended up with Birthday Cake (that's right, there is Birthday Cake flavored yogurt, life IS good), Cafe Latte, and the divine Original Tart.  After throwing on a few gummy bears I was a happy girl.  I see in other reviews that some complained about pricing but I am willing to pay a little extra for quality and happiness.
3	I came here last night during the heat and the fireworks to cool off and get some yogurt.  I've never been to this place before, and really needed something to cool me off.When I entered it was busy!  This was due to the fireworks as everyone and their mother was down here.  Anyways, the place seems to be pretty modern and hip.  Well decorated, cute and mostly sorta clean.  I think the girls working behind the counter were busy from all the fireworks traffic and heat, so I wont dock them points for the place needing a little attention cleaning wise. (tables needing a wipedown, etc.  Id rather have the counter service anyways.)Anyways, the place does yogurt and smoothies.I dont get the smoothies part. Theres really no instructions.  Everything appeared as if it were a yogurt dispenser. This is where they do loose points.  for starters, I did want a smoothie but everything appeared to be self serve yogurt.  So where the hell do I go for a smoothie?  Do I order it from the counter girl?  Do I do it myself?  I was a little unclear for a first timer.  Plus, with them being so busy, I didnt feel like asking questions or taking up someones time becuase it was that busy.  So stars docked for lack of instructions or directions posted anywhere.O, more points docked for this-why do they charge by the ounce?  DUMB!  Huge turnoff!  Why dont they do a small/medium/large system like the rest of the world?  Plus, I didnt know this until I reached the register, AND I did not see a sign posted anywhere about the prices!  I didnt like that!!!Anyways, the yogurt was good though, despite being turned off by the things listed above.
5	I am embarrassed at how much I love Mojo Yogurt. Like, I miss it when it's not around me. Like I would probably marry and move in with Mojo Yogurt if it asked me. I have to have it at least once a week or I get the shakes. I fear my love affair with Mojo Yogurt is turning into more of a crack addiction than the fun fling it began as.Regardless, Mojo Yogurt is better than all the new tart tasting, not terrible for your health, fro-yo places of late because it actually tastes good. Are you listening Dallas G??? Some of us like our sweets to actually taste like sweets, a foreign concept, I know. North Eastern elitist snob or not...The Mill Ave. location is the best in my opinion (and yes, I've been to just about all of them) because it is the biggest, has the largest array of flavors, and can accommodate the most people so I never feel crowded. Also, they let you sample as many flavors as you want!! Dangerous, as I've seen people more than once (shakes her head at her colleagues) come in, sample several flavors, and leave without buying anything.Anyway, Mojo has flavors like chocolate that actually tastes like chocolate, cookie monster that tastes like cookies in cream, always at least 1 non-dairy option for the lactose-intolerant, and a couple tart flavors for the more health-conscious who like their fro-yo to elicit the reaction of sucking on a lemon.They have a huge do it yourself topping station with everything from freshly cut strawberries, blackberries, crushed up snickers (my personal fave) and sprinkles to off the wall additions like fruity pebbles, miniature gummy bears, and captain crunch.Anyways, it's delicious, and you should go. Or you can be like Dallas G. and rebuff yummy treats in favor of being smug . The choice is yours.
4	I came in on one of the hottest days in July and the most humid! But I was glad I went in. My only criticism is when I walked in, I had no idea what to do. I'm from the old school of when someone waits on you. But I received no direction when I walked in that I was supposed to follow their directions. There were also no prices anywhere posted which was strange, so I had to ask her for a price list. She handed it to me. This place had lots and lots of flavors to choose from and lots and lots of toppings. Do you like my use of narrative adjectives? I did like the flavors, they were all very unique! The only thing I don't like about these places is that they charge you by the ounce. So you kind of have to go in there expecting it will be a little bit more than what they say. The fact that she had to guestimate what the cost would be before I started unnerved me. But it's frozen yogurt for god's sake, I didn't have a nervous breakdown. But I think it would serve us the customers better if we had more idea of cost before we go in. Still pretty pricey if you ask me. But this is a place with a lot of character and design. Just need better info.
4	Monday Timeline:150p eat lunch at office deli.  chili dog with onions.  bad idea.200p mouth tastes like crap.  drink water.205p defcon 5 with this breath thing.  more water210p decide i want something sweet and delicious to rid myself of this oral stench230p i decide on yogurtland! they have this delicious raspberry yogurt and cheesecake bits! perfection!235p convince dallas g of the wisdom of yogurtland255p we get to yogurtland.  dallas inexplicably wants to park in the sun, not the shade257p no raspberry yogurt.  no cheesecake bits.  no non-dairy yogurt for dallas, that daft vegan258p leaving yogurtland, willing to reinvestigate this Mojo Yogurt prospect307p a parking meter with 13 minutes left on it!308p in Mojo.  depressed because they have no cheesecake but they do have Martina, a very charming employee.  Martina convinces manager to order cheesecake bits.310p i try the latte yogurt. crap311p i try the chocolate.  crap312p last chance: cookie monster yogurt--aaaah!  now we're talking!314p and what do i see here but cocoa pebbles! MMMMMojo!315p dallas pays FTW!!322p we're done with our yogurt327p aaaarrrrrrrggggh chili dog taste returns!  my plans are foiled!charming, yes.  selection, no. cocoa pebbles, yes. martina, yes. being there for me when I was in a vulnerable place, yes.  four stars
2	I went to Mojo a couple weeks ago. I have always been a big frozen yogurt fan. I was disappointed in the selection of flavors. While they had about 8 flavors, there wasn't much that appealed to me- loking for something out there and fruity. Also, when I did get the chocolate it came out partially frozen-not normal, clumps. Anyway the clerk said it wasn't normal, machine wasn't working right, but charged me full rpice- which isn't cheap! So, I won't go back.
4	Oh Mojo you won my heart from day one... I always thought I was a gelato spot kinda guy but no apparently I can swing both ways. But if Mojo and Gelato Spot were in a heavyweight championship of how to retain best customers, Mojo has won round one. Why? Simply because of the awesomest event that runs every week on a Tuesday of which I love and that is Twitter Tuesdays! On this day and as an avid Mojo twitter follower, I am rewarded *that's what I think* for my fan-ship and loyalty with a fun secret word of which I made aware of the day of, and upon learning the secret word, drive after work to the Mill Ave location and get myself some Mojo fro-yo goodness for half-off! Score!! =) =) I just love that at this location there are 14 flavors available to sample, and mix and create the best combinations ever! Oh, and the many toppings and mix-ins make the experience enjoyable! Love getting myself a cup of lemon fro-yo with a tinge of strawberry fro-yo topped off with blueberries -delish- on and birthday cake with choc fro yo mixed in with almonds, peanuts, and choco pebbles... OMG! Yes... I love you Mojo... I am a fan!
2	The yogurt is decent.  However, I found the place to be slightly misleading.  If you have been here, you know that this is a self serve yogurt bar.  You get your cup at the beginning and proceed to fill it with whatever frozen yogurt and whatever additional toppings you want. At the start of the line there are two cups.  They are labeled 'Small' and 'Large'.  I picked the small cup thinking it would be cheaper.  Little did I know that at the end of the line you have to pay by the weight!  Why would you have two different size cups if you have to pay by weight at the end of it?  Needless to say when i checked out I paid a whopping $13 for two cups of frozen yogurt!  They should mention this somewhere!  Not surprise their customers at the end of the line after they have already picked everything they want!
4	Right now I am consuming a combination of raspberry tart, pomegranate, and birthday cake yogurt mixed with coconut, pineapple and walnuts.Right now I am also in heaven.I usually get the same thing every time I go, but it's never led me astray and it's really delicious. The flavor of the pomegranate and the texture of the coconut are my overall favorites.I noticed what seemed to be new flavors today (such as the birthday cake) and some new toppings such as various new fruits and new cereal ones. I think this means that next time I might branch out into birthday cake and cap'n crunch! One thing I'd love to see is marshmallows.I've never been in there and had slow service. It's help yourself and always seems to go smoothly. The location being hidden on mill kinda sucks as far as driving down there and parking, but that's Mill, can't blame them completely for that. Prices are a little expensive too but you do get what you pay for. Delish!
3	Mojo.. Maybe an off nite.. But something tells me not. Teens have taken over the area! So maybe the grown up thing to do was to pass on the Mojo & head down to Christophers? Ok.. We just wanted something light & cold for our sugar craving.... I'm a pretty simple girl with my desserts.. Give me a bit of white boy vanilla& I'm good... Some fresh berries on it.. I'm happier... I've had bomb yogurt... I still adore Pinkberry in Cali... But this leaves me wanting something more ... Ice--ity texture & not the smoothest.   At least I had the fresh berries.. Hard to go wrong with those!
5	Go for the Pumpkin, mix it with Pistachio, meet me on my cloud, I'm in Heaven! I just wish they opened at like 9am when I really need my Mojo the most!
5	Everyone loves a round ass. A little junk in the trunk is awesome, and wonderful and if I were a dude you would definitely ping me as an ass man. If your wondering why my ass is getting rounder, Mojo is your answer.. and worth every assrounding calorie I might add!Mojo on Mill is literally, a 23 second walk from my office, and this my fellow Yelpers, is one of the most wonderful things in the universe. I come here, secretly, at least 2 times a week. Usually more. I love the cleanliness of this place most of all. The fact that over 200+ grubby sweaty college students and corporate whores alike can stumble in from the dirty streets of Tempe all day long and not have a smudge or single drip of yogurt on the floor is spectacular. They always have my favorite flavors, which are always the fruity ones, Pomegranate especially, and they always have my favorite toppings, which are also, always the fruity ones. I'm not just talking Maraschino cherries in sugary syrup or canned Pineapple, i'm talking freshly cut strawberries, just picked blackberries and blueberries and raspberries that will send your taste buds into a frenzy. F-ing Delicious. The kids that work here are little smiling dream boats, that never fail to brighten my mood, and the selection is just, perfect.. no one is left out, vegans, lactose intolerants, dieters, fatasses.. there is something for everyone. They also do the secret word of the day on Twitter, for 50% off your purchase, and how badassical is that?I love you Mojo, not just because you provide me with a tasty little get-a-way from work, but everything about you.. especially what you are doing to my ass.
4	I love me some frozen yogurt but I am picky and will usually only get mango which unfortunately they did not have. *Pouts.* So I bit the bullet and got orange instead. It was still very good. The employees were friendly and the interior was super cute. They had big screen televisions playing Christmas movies and super comfy red couches. This place is probably poppin' in the summer. As soon as the heat returns so will I.
4	i like the look of this place....clean, streamlined. a dozen options to choose from with little tasting cups to try before you buy. i picked the acai, cookies and cream, and eggnog. nay on the eggnog, but the acai was awesome. my girl had the coffee, the original tart, and chocolate and the coffee was my favorite. our companion went way over her head and ended up having half a cup full of indiscernible mixed slush so i can't comment on hers.but i love the little marshmellowy things you can dump on top (along with about 3 dozen other self-serve toppings). they go perfect with the acai flavor. not the cheapest but you gotta splurge every once in a while....36 cents an ounce, so don't go overboard.
3	I would like to meet the evildoer that invented the concept of a self-serve gas station.  Thanks to that douche, society has deteriorated into dispensing your own yogurt now, too.But, I won't yank a star for that since I knew this going in.  Perhaps Mojo has read previous reviews as there are now instructions and prices posted where you pick up your cup...small or large.  Don't be fooled by the labels, the small is anything but and probably equates to about $27 if filled.  I do wish they actually had a "small" cup because I felt like I was dipping my spoon into a well to partake in my concoction.  Also, there are sample cups, but they're inconveniently located next to the register at the end of your yogurt journey. Since I didn't sample, I went with classic chocolate and pistachio.  I found the pistachio too watery and to me, the flavor just didn't work well in a frozen yogurt.  The chocolate was delightful, however.  The topping bar was well-stocked and very clean as well.I would happily have given Mojo 4 stars if it weren't for one pet peeve...a TIP JAR.  Okay, I already take issue with tip jars in locations where I am ordering at a counter, picking up my order, and clearing my own table.  Call me crazy, but I thought tips were for service.  But I will often succumb if I'm greeted with a smile and I don't observe someone wiping their nose while they fix my sandwich.  But in this case, what exactly would I be tipping for?  Someone to take my money I guess.  Maybe I'll throw a little extra in for the guy that reads my water meter next month.But aside from my perhaps irrational view of the tip jar, Mojo is worth the stop and definitely one of the better fat-free foods in life!
4	I love this place. My favorite thing about this is that whatever concoction you come up with they will make a smoothie out of it. I love this cause that way I can have a treat while on the run and not have to sit and eat it. My concoction was pomegranate yogurt i topped it with fresh raspberries, blueberries , and small oranges, then they took it in the back and blended that mix up for me and I was off and very happy! Here you get a cup fill it and they charge you by the weight. I like this concept to. Good yogurt lots of toppings and you can make it a smoothie if you would like.
4	One of my best friend's and I started replacing our weekly "catch up" chat while on the treadmill with a weekly trip to Mojo to enjoy some frozen yogurt and a healthy side of gossip.  Several months and five pounds later, we still keep coming back.  This place is fun and, dare I say, worth the snug jeans.
4	Keeping in mind I'm new to this whole Frozen Yogurt (fro-yo, if you will) shebang, MoJo was my first entrance into the world of awesome.Um, fresh mango? Lychee nuts? Tart raspberry frozen yogurt? When does the amazingness end?Yes, they are a little more expensive than some of the competitors, and I found the acoustics to be a little too loud when my friends and I wanted to sit down and chat.  However, all that aside, they had great flavor options, a line that moved quickly, and I love that they have the little sample cups out and easily accessible to try all the flavors. Tres cool in my book.The tart yogurts got a little too tart for me after a while, but I guess that just means they are doing their job.  My partner got more traditional flavors, and had no issue scarfing it down, where as my tart yogurt and fruit concoction wound up being a little much.Overall, definitely a yums up!
5	I come from a land where froyo shops are a dime a dozen and you pretty much can't walk a block without stumbling upon another store peddling the latest craze in froyo - the "tart" yogurt.But Mojo is in a league of its own.There's a little something for everyone.  On the day I went, there were tart, acai and pomegranate flavors for the trendsters; a mixed berry and OJ-like fro-yo for the lactose intolerant; skinny blueberry for those watching their girlish figures; and birthday cake, strawberry shortcake, mint chocolate for the fatsos like me.  Plus, they leave little sample cups at the beginning of the line so you can shamelessly sample as you please.And the toppings!  OH, THE TOPPINGS!Two words: cheese cake.They also have a plethora of fresh fruit, mochi, cereal toppings, candy, etc.  Basically whatever your little heart pleases.  And all, self-serve!!!I cannot wait to come back to AZ for Spring Training and come back to Mojo!
4	Great place, great product,  nephews new favorite place.  Recommend checking it out.  Simple, do it yourself, samples, laid back and clean.
5	Somebody stop me. I can't walk by without feeling the urge. You can fill up the bowl with as much as you want and pay by the weight. A brilliant system. Be sure to check them out on Facebook for coupons and codes.
5	everytime I go there is something delicious to be had.went this past week to "break up" with my room matesand the mango yogart with fruity pebbles on top was extremely delicious; made the whole "i just don't think we're a good match"(when really I'm thinking I REALLY hate living with you, get me out ASAP) talk a LOT easier and faster and more understanding.In fact, when I had finally gotten home that night (they drive, I ride), we had some wine...haven't hung out with them, well, since before I moved in.Although I avoid Mill usually, Mojo you made my life a tad bit easier this week...thanks.
5	Mojo. I love you. Those other yogurt places try to tempt me with crazy new flavors but I can't do that to you. You're always there for me... clean and welcoming. To go to the other chain self-dispense yogurt dessert places (which shall remain unnamed) would be cheating. You've always given me stamps to make me come back for more and I do! You offer me super discounts with my light rail card and I use them. How could I go wrong? Please, Mojo, maintain your flashback appearance and your delicious go-to flavors (like birthday cake and white boy vanilla) and I will be loyal and I will tell all my friends about you. Your Mill Ave location is the best. The staff is friendly and there's never a crumb in sight. See you next Saturday night Mojo. Keep the fire burning for me.
5	So, you choose your own flavor or flavors of yogurt from several different options, you choose any and all the toppings you want from several different options, you can sample all the flavors you want, AND you choose exactly how much or how little you want to pay on that particular trip? Mind blown.
4	Dang, talk about kick ass yogurt that beats *most* Cali yogurts by far, but hey, not that I'm a snob or anything, the flavors here rock!  I'd come here again!
2	two words:YogurtLandsuck it mojo!
5	Delicious and cold.  The fruit toppings are extremely fresh: the blackberries sparkle like gemstones.  The downside is that they don't rotate the flavors as frequently as I'd like.
4	Step off the light rail, turn right and there's a frozen delight staring you in the face. That was my first reaction when I discovered the Mill Ave Mojo conveniently located on the well-populated strip and just a hop and skip from the light rail. They get a point off the bat for situating themselves on a college campus. College students love their fro yo and the collegiate grad in me loves it too. In fact, it might be in my top ten food categories if stranded on an island. I like this Mojo because it's spacious, clean and they have a nice variety of flavors.When I visit, I feel like I've entered from a busy city street. The staff is welcoming and friendly and ready to answer any questions. But moving on to the most important part - the yogurt. Mojo yogurt is perfectly creamy. It's hard not to fill up an entire bowl because it's just so good. While it can lean towards the pricey side, on a warm day or evening, it's the perfect way to satisfy your sweet tooth craving and cool off at the same time. Benches surround the location so it's easy to find a seat and relax while enjoying the frozen treat. I tend to vary between the chocolate with fruity pebbles route and the tart with pineapple and strawberries route. But no matter the flavor, it's always good and just depends on what you're in the mood for. Too bad they aren't open right now. I just might make the trek to Tempe for a cup!
3	a bit too sweet (sweeter than Yogurtland and Red Mango), but liked the skinny mango and blueberry flavors, excellent spread of toppings (incl. green tea mochi) and great quality fruit. perfect stop-in on Mill.
4	this location is so much better than the one at tempe marketplace. its bigger and there are a lot more yogurt flavors. i really liked the praline and pumkin flavors. =)
5	Oh man! This place is amazing! The yogurt is so delicious and they have such a selection, even their healthier "skinny" options taste amazing! The system is awesome and there are so many options for toppings there is something sure to make everyone happy! Who needs ice cream! I want Mojo!
5	A fun place to go. Flavors are good, and the location is great.
4	Mojo made me fall in love with fro yo. I love Mojo's Twitter Tuesdays where you can get half off of your fro yo. The location is awesome; I can go to Mojo between classes. It's here where I found my love of the pomegranate & acai flavors as well. They have awesome seasonal flavors as well as the other usual staples. I love their different toppings and it's a good place to hang out with friends and get your Mojo on :)
4	I'm a toppings man.  That being said, the toppings here were fantastic,  Your typical fare, but with a few more candy bar options (twix and kit kat?  Can't remember seeing that in a while).  What sets this place apart is that their frozen yogurt could be eating by itself (not that I did that.  Are you insane?).  The acai was great, plain tart is always a winner and the apple pie actually tasting like apple pie?  Get out of town.  Get. Outta. Town.I'd go back.  Twice in a day in fact.
4	We love mojo!  Its not as evil of a treat and the flavors are so yummy! A minor downfall is how the mix-ins are sometimes hard to reach and I've seen a girl literally put her whole head into the bar and that grossed me out with the idea others have done the same... Aka- possible human debris and hair in my yogurt!
2	Standards are high. Remember when you were in high school, and you shot for the stars and asked out the hottest girl possible? Then you settled for your next door neighbor? Oh wait...that was just me?Mojo is that next door neighbor. It's not the hottest chick in the game.I've been here a couple times. I've definitely had better. BUT, this place offers something that other FroYo shops in town don't....smoothies.This time around, I thought I'd try the "smoothie"...but it was one blended up mistake.It's a shame because I thought I put together a nice mix of ingredients. When I handed the attendant my cup, she promptly went into the back to blend everything together. Not sure what took place back there.When it came back, I was given a sugary, disgusting, and seemingly artificial smoothie. It didn't seem like the same thing I put together. It kind of broke my heart.The redemption factor to this place is the outside fireplace at Tempe Marketplace where I was able to relax and have a fun evening with one of my favorite people in the whole world, as well as her sister who is in town. So lovely!Although I give Mojo two stars, I still had a good experience....the company I keep is why.
4	This place is colorful and your average run-of-the-mill (no pun intended) frozen yogurt/smoothie spot. I appreciate the dairy free options and the variety of flavors. It's got great toppings to choose from as well. The only negative is that in my experience, I think it's a bit on the pricey side comparatively. Overall, service has been great, meaning, the cashiers are nice and my sweet tooth is always satisfied. It's a bit loud to sit in, so I find it's even better to savor the delicious bites in the comfort of my own home because it doesn't melt fast either!
4	Mojo, you have a fan! I came here a couple of weeks ago with my boyfriend and it was the first time I've had fro-yo in years so I was pleasantly surprised! I can't believe how many times I've been on Mill and I've passed this place up.I loved their variety of flavors and toppings, the more options the merrier! You get to dictate how much you want as long as you're willing to pay, which can be pricey. If you're not careful by the ounce can add up to a pricey bill if you get carried away.I will not overlook fro-yo and miss out on so much again for so many years! If you're on Mill and in the mood for fro-yo give Mojo a try, it can be a delightful way to beat the heat!
4	I must say I'm not a big fan of Yogurt shops to begin with however Mojo is alright.  They have 1000 different options to keep me entertained and the fresh fruit toppings are good.  The furniture and atmosphere is inviting and you could easily spend an hour just relaxing here... OK I'm changing this rating from 3 to 4 stars as I'm typing right now.  Be sure to join there online club and you will get frequent BOGO and 50% off deals.  Now if only we could get rid of 90% of the other Yogurt shops.  The yogurt bubble is bound to burst one of these days.
2	We came in for smoothies. I had just gotten home from a long week of business travel and flying and needed something light for dinner, so my husband Googled this place and we headed over.The girl who helped us was beyond snotty and unprofessional. She was completely inattentive, apathetic, and unhelpful. When it came time to blend up our smoothies (you put the ingredients together, they puree them in the back), and later, to pay, she was downright rude.The smoothies themselves weren't particularly good, either. The fruit and other items they offer are more for topping yogurt cups with, which is fine, but if you're going to offer smoothies, make sure you have enough ingredients to make them with!The price we paid was mind-boggling, too, something like $14 or $17 for two ordinary-sized smoothies. We've found four or five places for both frozen yogurt and smoothies since that are much better in terms of service, product, and price.
4	Review update! After a less than stellar experience the first time around, Charlotte the owner was very kind in sending me a note to apologize for my bad experience. She didn't argue with me, or try to buy me off with a gift card.Having said that, I popped into this location again and gave it another shot. I had a much better experience. I stayed away from the milkshake, and went strictly with the frozen yogurt.Mojo, you've won my trust back. Thank you again Charlotte!
5	Great yogurt and friendly/helpful service!
5	My first venture into the new fro yo generation.  Love the many flavors & my allergic-to-everything toddler gets dairy free plus fruit. The chain with organic fruit will get my loyalty.  Mojo a little pricier than others, if closer to home.  BUT on Tuesdays, sign up on FB for the secret word and get 50% off!UPDATE to 5 STARS. I miss Mojo so bad. And they had good prices! I am paying 2- damn- fifty for a freakin' soft serve cone from a truck, and 5 bucks for a froyo cone in NY. Go to Mojo. And be grateful.
5	I love Mojo Yogurt! You can't go wrong with a frozen yogurt company on Mill Avenue. With their late hours, you can practically get a cup at any time!Here's a tip: hit up the goodies bar before you fill your cup with yogurt. Layering the goodies can be fun! And if you are really adventurous, ask for the Cheesecake Bites that they store in the refrigerator in the back. YUM!
4	If I could eat Mojo everyday I would. There are so many different froyo chains now - but I believe that Mojo is by far and away the best. They always have such a great fruit selection along with all the sweets I like with mine. I also love the yogurt choices. They have this one delicious Orange something that isn't a yogurt but it's delicious as well. My favorite was the Red Velvet mixed with some sort of chocolate.
2	I don't know why this receives such high marks.  The fro-yo was icy, kinda clumpy.  Not a nice smooth consistency and a reminded me more of the frozen ice that spews from a soft serve machine at a Chinese buffet.I wasn't feeling any of the flavors, so just settled for "country vanilla" and "chocolate malt".  Besides, there were a couple workers there mass filling some cups for a some catered order and totally ignored us while blocking out several machines.  After throwing down $11 for a couple meager cups, I sat down, took a scoop and was instantly sad, partially disgusted.  Terribly overwhelming artificial flavor.  Well at least my usual cereal toppings were consistent.  Cute decor though.  Hunt out a local Yogurtland instead.  Fro-yo girl would be displeased.
3	The location was really clean, interior is really cute (decorative) and the self-service option is great. The sample cups are huge. You can easily get full after sampling a couple of flavors.Overall, I would still have to say Pinkberry is the best froyo. And Mojo really falls short of the good quality tart-ness required of an original flavor.There are always groupon now! deals that are worth buying to get a better deal.
4	Went to this place because I am currently addicted to Groupon.It was easy to park in front of, it was about 5p.m on a Tuesday, so somewhat slow. They have great variety of flavors in yogurts and instead of doing an ice cream cup you can make smoothies!The toppings weren't too bad, they had a decent amount. The only problem is on the left side where all the fruit, cookie dough, mochi and things that need to stay cold are pushed as far back on the counter away from you, so you have to kind of squat down and reach for the stuff you want. So if you have short arms this isn't going to be fun for you.All the employees were nice and helpful with handling the Groupon.Had some cool furniture it was very modern and groovy style. The couches however were definitely seeing some wear and tear.They were playing on the two TV's they have Pepi Le Pu and pink panther, so that made me super happy that they had old school cartoons on.
4	This location has more flavor options than Tempe Marketplace. Don't be fooled by overloading the giant cup they provide. They charge by the ounce and what may look like little is actually a lot, especially when you add toppings (and they sure have a lot of them, from real fruit to gummi bears and nuts)  My favorite combo of yogurt is to blend good ole chocolate with cookies n' cream then top with Oreo bits. Hmm, I want one now just thinking about it!
4	One of the first froyo places on Mill Ave. I like this place a lot. They have a good selection of yogurt flavors and toppings such as fresh fruit, candy and assorted nuts.  It's better with a coupon because I like a lot of toppings and it can get expensive. Sometimes I find buy one get one free coupons, which make me :)
5	Awesome place I get the dairy free watermelon in a soomthie. my favorite little treat.
4	I'm here with my husband at least once a week. The variety of frozen yogurt is fine, but it doesn't change often, but the toppings are out of control! I can't think of a single topping I'd like that they don't have. A wonderland of syrups and sprinkles and mashed up cookies and candies. So good! The interior is usually pretty clean and cute cartoons play from large screens inside. Also, if you check in on Yelp, you get a 25% discount. So cool!!!
4	I love fro yo!! This place is near the light rail when you get off on mil. The have lots of favors and a great topping bar. Yummy fruit toppings including mochi and those boba balls that squirt out juice lol. I will be back a little pricer than the normal fro yo shop but also a great spot on a hot day and near asu :) I also liked how you could make smoothies with the fro yo and fruit :)
4	This is a great place to grab a quick cold treat in the summer heat! It's such a simple concept yet it's very tasty and I love  all the different flavors of yogurt they offer. Not to mention the topping they have. Such as fresh fruit, sauces, and flavored cereals. You pay buy weight so you can get as little or as much as you want. Very inexpensive and the decor is super swanky and Jetson's like. Anybody on Mill Ave should defiantly hit this joint up for a quick Mojo Frozen Yogurt!
3	Was attempting to get a smoothie here, but after being told the price for a smoothie averages about 8 bucks, I opted for just a normal cup of yogurt. There are 25% off coupons in every magazine and coupon book, so do not go in here without one of those. They had some interesting flavors (salted caramel), but I went for wild blueberry and pom, both of which were too tart for an old school frozen yogurt guy. My bad, but plenty of toppings available and also a huge number of sample cups with seemingly unlimited samples available (unusual). I have seen yogurt as low as .39 cents aan oz, but here it is 44 cents, not a big deal especially with coupon. Just make the smoothies a set price, not based on weight and it would be wayyy better.
3	I'm not a huge fro yo fan, but Mojo does the trick. Everytime I've come in it has been clean, the staff has been friendly, and they have all the toppings that I could want.
4	Yogurt again. Yummy. The place was very clean. Good selection of yogurt and the normal toppings that you find at all yogurt places. I liked the red floors and booths. The men's bathroom was closed so everyone had to use the women's bathroom. It wasn't that clean but not bad. The best part about this place is when you check-in you get a 25% discount.
4	Every once in a while, we get a hankering for some froyo. Mojo is the closest froyo to us, so there we are. This place can seem small when everyone else has the same hankering. Otherwise its a nice size. There isnt much seating, but Mill Ave was made for walking honey.They have a good selection of flavors, and of course tiny cups for sampling. Their toppings bar is great. They have a lot of cereals for toppings which, as a child of the 80s, I appreciate. And their prices are great too.Be sure to check in on Yelp when you go here, they usually have a deal.
5	Such a cute place for a bar street :)Mojo is great and has a good variety of flavors.The price is very decent and if you check in with Yelp you even get 25% more offThe decor is very retro/modern/chicThe staff is nice and bubblyMy fave is the cookies and cream mixed with the chocolate and topped with all of the chocolate toppings they have availableOh and some gummy bears :)
4	We spent the evening on Mill and decided to grab some frozen yogurt. Mojo was a really good choice. The flavor was good and they have a large selection of toppings. If you are looking for a late night dessert, this place shouldn't disappoint.
5	My favorite is the Mojo Cookie MonsterI toss on a bunch of twix, chocolate syrup, butterfinger, peanut butter cups, and gummy bearsSoooooo good!
5	Staff is extremely friendly and allows to try as many flavored as you want. The pomegranate yogurt is my favorite, and this is the only place I can get it! They also have the seasonal fall flavored like pumpkin which is also really tasty!
3	Wish they had cake batter when I went but love their toppings :D
3	Yogurt land on Rural is better, but this location is great and the yogurt is totally acceptable when you have a sweet tooth. Plus if you sit out front you can share your yogurt with the friendly mill ave hobos.
5	The yogurt here is great (come in October when they've got pumpkin). I also love the vanilla, salted caramel, and peppermint.But what really stands out to me is the quality of their employees. Tonight, I saw a man loitering in the store with some unusual mannerisms. He might possibly have been homeless and just passing some time there because of the rainstorm outside. Rather than kick him out, an employee helped him fill up a container full of frozen yogurt and weighed it before giving it to him for free. After he had sat down, I saw her pull out her own wallet and pay for the man's yogurt. That kind of integrity is rare. I couldn't believe what I had seen, considering I probably would have acted completely differently to the guy. Call me extremely impressed with this place.
5	Great people, great product. Works well :D
2	Customer service is always key when it comes to reviewing a place. From the start when I walked in, the place looked like it was closed because there was nobody in there. Finally, a girl came from the back and I asked if they were open. Her "yes, otherwise the doors would be locked" answer didn't sit well with me. Perhaps I could have let that slide if she had at least helped me with anything. I'd never been to this place before and she didn't seem to care. She just stood by her register till it was time to pay. I didn't feel like spending my money, but my roommate went ahead and got something. He said it was good, but if this is the type of service that is being portrayed here, I'd rather not spend my money here
3	Yogurt land is better as said previously. The decor in this place is really neat though although the girl working there had very little personality. Yogurt and toppings are realllly good. Lots of chocolate and candy options
5	This is my favorite place to get froyo. It's soooo good! Get the rewards card because it's free, easy to link to your phone, and gives you great deals. The service is always pretty fast and they always have new flavors and the standard ones.
5	I'm sure by now; you all know that Mojo is my favorite frozen yogurt place in phoenix.  Since this is my 100th review of 2013, I figure my review should be on Mojo.  This mojo is my favorite mojo out of all the mojo's in town.  The reason why is because they have the most favors and they are right near the light rail. Sometime my husband and I will just take the light rail to Mill Ave to just have some mojo.  Every favor at Mojo is my favorite.  Thank you Mojo for being my favorite frozen yogurt place in phoenix, also all the staff that work at all the mojo's are really nice.  So if you are looking for a place for frozen yogurt you should totally go to one of the mojo's in town.
3	This place always overwhelmingly smells like plastic, it's so weird. Maybe it's because almost all the seating options are plastic or are coated in it. It brings me back to when I was 13 and had an inflatable chair from a Delia's catalogue. So, if the smell doesn't turn you off right away and you decide to venture to the back of the store to get some fro-yo, be forewarned that almost all their flavors are a bit... off. They don't taste very natural and are sort of chemical-ey. And this is coming from an all-American, meat-eating, french-fry loving, slightly overweight former Girl Scout. I'm pretty desensitized to that kind of stuff, but something about it just never tastes right. They have a great selection of toppings and  they never look nasty or taste stale. They even have some exotic fruits! If you decide to have your fro-yo and toppings blended into a shake, the employee will have to take it in the back to use the blender and takes a little over 5 minutes each for each one. It's a little awkward and I always feel bad if there's only one person working, which it seems thats the case most of the time. I usually hit this place up on Friday or Saturday nights on dates with my SO. Their hours are pretty good.The seating arrangement is awkward too, as there seems to never be enough of it to accommodate all the guests, and there's a lot of wasted space in the middle of the establishment. It's fun to watch the old 50's cartoons on the TVs though. Sometimes you can find some pretty good coupons for this place in the little coupon books handed out around ASU.
5	Love this place love the serviceVery neat and cleanThe staff was super helpful with everythingLearned about the new reward cards which was awesomeI go about once a week Yummy
4	I love frozen yogurt and this one is walking distance to my work, which makes it great for a short afternoon break from my desk. The location is relatively small, but clean. The flavors are good, but there is not too much variety compared to other places. They also give us 20% discount for the place I work at. And they have a check in offer. The yogurt is weighed in at the end and I don't always fill my cup, but I have never paid more than $3.
3	Adorable little brightly colored shop with adorable helpful staff.The froyo is a serviceable snack if you don't mind the flavors tasting highly artificial. There's a fruit-punch-ish flavor (maybe it's strawberry lemonade?) where the fake sweet-tart edge works really well and is part of the charm; but on coconut flavor, I'd ordinarily expect less harsh and more mellow.The toppings bar is the shortest I've seen, ever, and I've seen a lot of froyo. It covers the basics.Basically, if you're on Mill Avenue and either semi-drunk or feeling dehydrated beneath the relentless Arizona sun -- and that covers 90% of everybody there -- this will, on balance, improve your condition.
4	A tad on the pricier site compared to other yogurt places I've been to, but I suppose the prime location on Mill Avenue would justify that.Fairly standard offerings, although there was a Greek Yogurt option that I thought was non-traditional and pretty fun to try out. The interiors are pretty nice!Couldn't find any drinking water though, which was tad unexpected.
4	Great place! Love their yogurt selection and the ability to taste before you choose. It's a very quiet and trendy spot to grab some yogurt. I think what I like most is you don't see 100 children here all backing up the yogurt machines. I've had my unpleasant experiences at Yogurtland so I definitely appreciate this location. The cashier is always friendly. Remember to check in here and get 25% off your purchase.  I wish I could come here more often but when I do make my evening walks at Tempe lake, I always try to stop in on my way out.
4	close, convenient, clean, delicious, so many toppings to choose from and friendly staff, but more expensive than the competition
5	LOVE this place! It's right around the corner from my office and quickly became to "office celebration meeting spot"! Great service, the manager is awesome.  Coconut is my fav!
4	Mojo Yogurt often has a great variety of tasty flavors as well as a wide array of toppings! The atmosphere is pleasant and the yogurt is delicious! Plus it's open late! My only complaint is that the yogurt melts so quickly!! It's soup within 5 minutes.
5	I absolutely love Mojo Yogurt! I'm not usually one to eat dessert, but my daughter makes sure we stop here EVERY time we're on Mill Ave and I've learned to love the place.  The service has always been exceptional.  And what could be better than choosing your own flavor of yogurt (or mixing two) and then adding whatever toppings you want? It doesn't get much better than that.  My favorites? Banana split and salted caramel...yum!!
2	Just for the sake of having Frozen Yogurt , You can visit here. Their Yogyrt is creamy like a icecream so i am not fan of it. Somebody who has eaten Frozen yogurt at yogurtland will not prefer to have this. It has nice seating though and right on Downtown Mill Avenue.
2	I urgently needed to use the restroom and employee would not let me use the restroom until I made my purchase. I am personally not used to this type of "service". Would not go to again.
