5	This hotel is surpisingly nice and new, but far from the strip (10 minute drive).  Other than location, I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel for familes as there is a bowling alley, an arcade, and a decent pool.  The room is very clean and bigger than average.  Bathroom is decent, and beds as well.I want to note that they have a really good blackjack game.  Here the dealer does not automatically win if he/she has blackjack.  Instead players are able to play their hands normally and if you happen to reach 21, you can tie the dealer's 21 and still push!  If you're playing optimal strat, you'll be very, very close to 50/50 odds on this game!
5	Usually I equate bargain hotels in Vegas with something just above a trailer park in quality (example: Circus Circus)But this is by far and away the best bargain hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. It cost only about $300 to stay for five days the week of July fourth. I was expecting to pay WAY more than that for that week.The place is very new so the rooms look great with no problems. The casino games here are cheaper than on the main part of the strip. For instance, they have plenty of $5 blackjack tables which are a rare find on most of the strip.However, the food here lacks something to be desired. The buffet is about half the price of Rio buffet and is at least half the quality of Rio as well.Overall, a great find for anyone on a budget in Vegas.
4	We were surprised at how nice this hotel was. It's far and off the strip, but it's new and clean. The casino area was sooooooo bright that even at 10pm when you walked inside, you feel like it was daytime. I'm actually considering staying here the next time we come, but like I said, I'm considering it.They have a kids daycare center just like at The Orleans so it would definitely make things very easy if we wanted to go play in the casino for a while without lil guy. However the down side to staying here would be that it is definitely very far from the strip and if you don't have a car, that would totally suck.
5	For the price, this place is great.  Since it first opened, my family has been loving it.  This is a great hotel for families.  First of all, the hotel is quite new so everything is still pretty nice.  The rooms are pretty spacious and the tv are mounted on the wall.  The tv is pretty big and has the holes needed to connect the TV to a dvd player if you have the cable.Very family friendly, why?  Bowling alley, kids place, movie theatres, and arcade.  All on the second floor.  The bowling alley is great.  After midnight, bowling is one dollar.  They also check ID so parents don't have to worry about their youngsters sneaking out of the rooms to go bowling..  The 'kids place', I actually don't remember the name, is right next to the arcade.  The kids place is a bit like a big play area for children/child care center.  Parents pay to leave their kids there and can leave money for the caretakers so that the kids, if they get hungry, can 'order' food and sit at the little tables and chairs 'like grown ups'.The arcade is a typical arcade, I haven't been inside but I've seen young, middle school/high school guys inside playing video games.The movie theatres are nice.  Shows current movies.The restaurants inside...  There is a GREAT deal on steak and eggs.  After midnight, it was $2.99 the last I've been there.  Good proportion.  The servers/waiters/waitresses are friendly and hospitable.If you go, be sure to book early and get the 'fun book' --lots and lots of deals and coupons for the hotel [ie. 3 bowling games for the price of one]
4	I live right across the street and could probably live the majority of my life at this casino. Nice movie theaters, decent restaurants (check out Big Sur Oyster Bar), bowling alleys, and a liquor store!
5	This is one of my favorite hotels... the rooms are priced for the average Joe who doesn't want to spend 3 to 4 hundred a night but still would like to enjoy a nice room and a nice place to gamble.  The gambling limits are pretty low here.  Fun for people who want to gamble for entertainment... and maybe come up a little.I highly recommend this place!
4	Nice place off the strip for a decent price. The whole place is very clean, even the rooms. The rooms are roomy and has a nice big bathroom. The toiletries are Bath and Body Works too! I stayed here once and I'm staying here again on my next trip (in a few days!). The casino has low limits and I like gambling here late night. The cafe has late night meal deals (steak and eggs) for a good price and pretty good too...even better than Gold Coast.
4	Nice, new resort which is a drive from the strip. Seemed to be more family-oriented, with movie theaters, bowling alley, etc., and lots of kids around. Although I didn't gamble there, the casino floor is huge. We did stop for a bite at their seafood cafe, and the food and service were ok. We didn't stay at the hotel. I suppose if you don't mind being far from the action of the strip; and assuming room rates are less here because it's not centrally located, this place is probably a good deal for a family trip. It has quite a few things for the kids to keep busy while mom and pops gamble away their life savings.
4	The ventilation in the casino is poor, and the whole place reeks of cigarette smoke. I was worried that our non smoking floor would have the same issue, but the air was fresh and clean smelling there - as was our room. Our room was extremely spacious and well furnished. The bed was very comfortable, and the TV was a flat screen. The TV channels left something to be desired, however. There must have been about 5 channels that were solely of horse racing.......You can hear the AC throughout the night if you leave it on.The walls were not thin - I couldnt really hear anything in the hallway, unless someone slammed a door, which only happened once.There is an issue with the housekeeping - They knocked twice in one day to confirm that the room was clean. On one hand, I like that they would make sure that the room is clean. On the other, I would expect them to keep track of that. The hotel is new, so you can sleep better knowing that there havent been many who have slept in your bed. I also liked that the things in their gift shop, like bottles of water or toothbrushes were not marked up as drastically as they were in hotels on the strip. A great room at a great price. Definetely Worth a stay. Theres a movie theater and a bowling alley here too.
4	The hotel rooms are very clean and extremely spacious. You have a flat screen tv and huge bathroom. If this place was located on the Strip, I'd give it 5 stars. But alas, it is about 10 mins from the Strip, which is probably why it can afford to build bigger rooms. There's a free shuttle that runs from the airport to the hotel and back. There's also a free shuttle that takes you to/from the Strip, but stops pretty early in the evening. Call to put your name on the list if you wanna take the shuttles. I say stay here if you are driving into Vegas and can drive yourself to the Strip. Stay on the Strip if you are flying in cuz you either gotta work w/the shuttle times or spend quite a lot on cab fare. Very nice gym with new equipment, tv's on every machine, complete set of weights and machines.
4	South Point is a hotel/casino geared towards locals in the Las Vegas/Henderson area. It has an equestrian center, Bowling, Bingo, Movies and Night life. The staff was very efficient and got us in very quickly. Everyone was friendly and they give you a nice little coupon book for you to use on your stay. We booked on Vegas.com and it was $50 less than any other website, including their own.We were there on the weekday and some tables were $1 minimums which is nice when you are starting to learn to play. The dealers were very patient and taught me some games.  We even played Bingo and that was fun too.Now, the rooms.... I thought they were very nice King Deluxe rooms with super comfy beds that had cotton linens, not that tacky polyester. We requested non smoking on a high floor and thats what we got.  They had a great 42-inch plasma televisions. The prices for room service and in room movies was your typical rates ($13 movies/ $25 with tip for Dinner). We ordered Chinese food to our room (Kung Poa Shrimp-really spicy-yum) and its was very delish. Our room had plenty of square footage and a nice little love seat. The bathroom was very clean, with a seperate grooming area (mirror/sink) from the actual shower/toilet which is nice.We ended our stay with a 3am breakfast at Coronado Cafe. It didn't disappoint and neither did the prices. The only thing we didn't get to enjoy was the pool. boo. it was being renovated. Overall we had a really great time and I would 100% Stay here again.
5	Cheap, brand new and great rooms. Very luxurious and updated at a great price. The location is slightly off the strip but I can't see how the strip wouldn't be expanding and place this hotel in a  prime spot in like 5 years from now.I highly recommend it to all.
3	I was doing my best to stretch out my dollar for as long as I could playing at the penny slots. My cheap ass was waiting to get a cocktail waitress to walk by and offer to get me a drink. Fifteen minutes after I had played my dollar, one finally came in the area but she was hauling ass and didn't slow down to see me. It was alright here. At least I saw something mildly amusing - an ankle bracelet/tracking device on one of the waitresses. Random!
2	Poker Room Review:Playing poker here is harsh.  First, it's not even a room.  It's more like semi-closed off area in the back of the casino.  There's way too much open space and not enough cocktail waitresses or TVs.  The mise en scene of the room throws me off.  Worst of all, I didn't get the cards I needed to play.  A two seven off-suit can only take me so far.The thing is my boys seem to win here, so what's a guy to do?Have you ever taken one for the team?If you have, you know what I'm talking about.If you haven't, stand firm and weigh your options.http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=take+one+for+the+teamBut no worries since I can go to Big Sur Oyster Bar while they play.http://www.yelp.com/biz/big-sur-oyster-bar-las-vegas#hrid:tcssVi14UormweX233SlQw
3	This is the only Las Vegas we know of that has the penny slot Star Wars machine.  They also have an old skool arcade (man of the machines will eat your quarters), and a huge bowling alley that's so nice that they actually hold tournaments there.The buffet and restaurants aren't that great, but the ice cream cafe is really good (their one scoop looks like a 2 scoops!).  Had a drink at the casino bar before and wasn't impressed.  Stayed in a room when they first opened up and it was nice, but this time around the place smelled just like any other casino - smoky.Will try the Bingo game upstairs next time - it looked intense with tons of people in a large room.Another nice aspect - its off the Strip.  If you want something a little more mellow, and where the locals hang out - this place will suffice.
5	I've stayed at Ballegio and the Shara, and this is the best hotel in Las Vegas in terms of price vs. quality. The rooms are cheap and clean with a ton of amenities such as a flat screen TV and Dow comforter. The hotel itself has tons of stuff to do if your not a gambling type. There is a pool, bowling alley, and movie theater. All are within walking distance from the room. The hotel also gives you a coupon book that can be used throughout the hotel. I definitely recommend using the Garden Buffet 2 for 1 lunch coupon. I used it for four people and end up paying only 4 dollars per person for a great buffet place. The only bad things about this place is that its about 15 mins from the strip and there is no free Internet. Other then those two things I would definitely recommend coming here.Price vs. Quality: 5 starsRoom Cleanliness: 5 starsService: 4 stars - checkout lines was pretty longAmenities: 5 stars
5	I haven't personally stayed at this location, I always get a timeshare at the Grandview.  But I have to say that the South Point is part of the reason I like staying at the Grandview.  It's like being in Vegas without having to walk through the smokey casino to get to my room.  I like being able to just cross the street to get a good buffet, bowl a game then watch a late night movie.  I even got to watch the opening midnight showing of Sex in the City here.  It was a blast!
4	$5 blackjack...even at peak  times!  Stella and Blue Moon on tap!  The bartenders are cool too.   Great place to play video poker and drink with reckless abandon.
4	South Point is a really good hotel for an inexpensive price if you don't mind staying south of the strip. You can't miss it while driving by on the 15-- South Point's golden windows can hurt the eye when the sun is out in full force. The rooms are really spacious and have big flat screen TVs. They provide Bath & Body Works toiletries, which is nice. After the first night I noticed I had a bug bite on my side. Not cool. We ate at only one (Coronado Cafe) of their 7 restaurants, and it was pretty average. They also have an oyster bar, which I haven't seen in Vegas before (but then again, I'm not a regular). 3 star hotel, but an extra star because they have a 64 lane bowling alley which was AWESOME!
2	I checked in my 3 managers and myself for a 3 day conference and upon getting too my suite, decided it was too plain and checked out.  I had a good $135 rate on the Professional suite, but it was too plain and spacious.  I went over to the Bellagio and got a room for $142 and commuted the few times I needed to be there.  If you get a regular room for about $50 it is a pretty good deal though and spacious.
5	I stayed here for 2 nights and I enjoyed every moment here, except making my donation to the tables the first night.  The rooms are VERY comfortable, the most comfortable I have ever been in Las Vegas.  So comfortable, I slept early on the second night at 11:30 pm and woke up fresh the next morning.  Never have I slept so great in Las Vegas!  $1 Rilouete, but no electronic scoreboard, it's okay, very fun.  South Point is nice if you don't mind the 5 minute drive to the strip, but on the upside, it's very relaxing and very close to the new town center.
5	This hotel is like the BEST in terms of value and quality of your stay.  The hotel is further off the strip than the majority of the hotels in Vegas but the distance is very much worth the amenities. You have a spacious, clean and new room.  They've got flat screens, the MOST COMFORTABLE BEDS! ever, and coconut lime scented bath and body works products.I played a little in the casino which didn't really stand out to me.  I ate at the cafe which was eh, nothing outstanding.In all, the goal of this trip was to be a little low key, gambling and relaxing.  South Point definitely helped us meet our goal.Thanks!
4	So where do you go when you really want to go to Vegas and it happens to be on a weekend or a holiday and the rates are ridiculous on the strip? You go here, I've stayed here numerous times now and have always had a pleasant experience. You must, must rent a car if staying here anything else will not due. They have a shuttle supposedly but I've never seen it, this place is about 10 mins from Vegas' main drag. Anyway the rooms are very nice, flat screen TV's and very comfy beds. I like that they have a lot of entertainment under one roof, a huge bingo hall, a bowling alley and movie theater. Late night bowling is super cheap too and you're ok if you forget socks cause the vending machine sells them. I also like that they have a liquor store on site with very reasonable prices. The coffee shop restaurant also has some dirt cheap late night specials for like $2 to $3, very filling. A recent discovery there were the buffalo wings with the hot sauce, it was so good I even asked for an additional side. If you get on their email list you will get some awesome room prices, $50 for weekdays, $100 for weekends. They also have a spa but have not tried it yet. As for gambling, which I do just a little of, the tables and machines are not that great. But they do have $5 tables which makes it reasonable for a low roller like me. My game of choice here is Bingo, they have a huge hall and tons of old folks to make it an enjoyable time. Definitely recommend it.
4	i stayed here for one night with 3 other friends.. it was realllllllly cheap so we ended up getting two rooms with a bed to each of ourselves! yay!! however.. the room that me and Steph C. smelled like pooop! (gross).. we ended up getting the room changed.. and from there on it was good.. the bed is comfy but i would have liked the blanket to be a little thicker.. and and.. they had bath and body works shampoo/conditioner/soap!!!! that totally wow-ed me haha
3	$5 black jackProximityChristmas Eve/DayVisiting my family in Vegas, never leave an opportunity to gamble a little bit of the hard earned money. Not a high roller unless you call 200 bucks over three days, free spending.In most of these sessions, I go up , I go down and wind up 4 hours of interesting fun.  For example, last night, Everybody was winding down at home, its raining, I am bored.I decide I will try to go do a little gambling and since the weather is rainy and the roads slick, I decide to stick close to home.  Southpoint Casino is only a 10 minute drive from my parents so it was the obvious choice.In times and days like these, you are not expecting holly jolly gamblers, mostly locals, visitors and bored people like me. 4  1/2 hours later, I leave with 27 dollars ahead and lots of bottled water ( Remember Kids Don't Drink and Drive)I would say the lower limit all night was very good for my budget but unlike most casinos I go to in Vegas.  The shift of the dealers seem to be a different one each time as opposed to those just going on break and coming back.  It's always more fun to gamble your money away with a fun group and an interactive dealer.  Last night's dearler ran the gamut.Nice lady dealer- interactive 2 back to backTalkative African American dealer - fun3 Consecutive dealers with various styles of dealling from one dealer who is too serious, to another who deals the card so fast, your chips disappear before you know it.  I think we were dealt the most of 6 decks in 2 min.  After realizing I had not lost any money, I looked at my watch and discovered it was 5 am Christmas morning and I am in a second rate casino away from the strip.Sidenote, I guess they do cheap drinks in this casino and due to the fact that drinks were only a dollar from Christmas Eve to 8 am Christmas Morning, At least half a dozen fights broke away from the gaming tables.Merry Christma and Happy Holiday to you too!!P.S.  The hotel is decently priced away from the strip and was only buile several years ago. Kid friendly with a bowling alley and movie theaters in the premises.
5	Still one of the best deals in Las Vegas. The room were clean and very comfortable. The casinos has something for everyone in all types of price range. Definitely coming back here again every time I visit. Hint: Try the Del Mar Deli
4	To conclude my Las Vegas anthology, I had drinks at the SouthPoint Casino my final night in Vegas. SouthPoint is one of the larger local Casinos, that are tend to populate the off strip areas of Vegas. Why SouthPoint? They had some kind of dollar drink promotion. Dollar mixed drinks, and dollar "shots". There was a mixed crowd, mostly younger locals, with a dash of a few older folks with eye patches. Truth be told, these dollar drink bargains were poured a bit weak, and the "shots" were maybe half shot sized. Well at least it was cheap. Interesting vibe, interesting locals. A good time was had.
1	Negative: I had a steak meal here which made me sick for an entire week. Hell I was pissed. Positives : Great Hotel Rooms (very comfy) and not so expensive. There's flat screen TVs which you don't find in every hotel.Graveyard bowling at 1 dollar a game (if I remember correctly) rocked. Pure awesomeness. (I can't help giving a 1 rating on this despite the positives)
4	+ Airport Shuttle+ Newer hotel, newer rooms+ Very reasonably price (even cheaper on fatwallet.com!)+ HUGE pool area+ Bath & Body products in the room+ Good selection of restaurants++ DISCOUNT book upon check-in!****************************************************- Airport Shuttle is by reservation ONLY (make sure to call ahead!)- NO shuttle to the Strip (they recently stopped)- Far from the strip and much too expensive to cab it!
4	In retrospect, I should've stayed here instead of the Luxor aka "SUCKSor".The hotel is virtually brand new and everything is pretty nice.  My parents, aunt AND grandma all got rooms for $49 a night.TIP:  Even though this place is about 10 mins from the strip,  its worth it.  The hotel is very modern and all the money you save on the room, can be spent on cab rides back and forth to the strip, gambling and whatever else your into.
3	Went for Superbowl weekend.  Should have rolled the dice and waited to make reservations, because their price dropped in half the week before.Yeah, it's a nice budget hotel. WARNING!!!!!!!!!! If you are using a debit/credit card, they will add a refundable $200 deposit fee when you check in. got home yesterday, no word on the 'refund'. Coupon book is cool.The overall ventilation was fine, except a group sitting next to us in the DelMar lounge for the game must have had BOXES of cigars and had 4-6 going at any one time for a solid 10 hours. GAG!We ate at the seafood restaurant twice- hubby raved about the oysters and crab legs- both a good price. Other stuff was average.The cafe has the bestest fluffiest omelette I have had anywhere. Everything else was average. Didn't hit the buffet- we can't eat enough to make it worth it.I hope they tightened the slots for the weekend and that they don't always suck that bad. Never lost so much so fast- at least let me have some fun before you take it!Saw comedian John Caparulo on friday night. Great venue- no bad seats. Drinks had alcohol in them, the cranberry mix is gross. Not ridiculously priced considering. I saw other people order shots- LMAO! A dose of nyquil is bigger!!!!!! Seriously. I think they use the same cup.I can see that the place could be overrun with screaming kids quite quickly- ew.
4	How the hell is everything so inexpensive at this casino?!I waited what felt like forever at the sports book bar for a drink...to the point where I give the bartender shit. "hi 2 coronas, 2 shots of patron...oh and why dont you have like 4 more bartenders working in this packed as bar..bla bla bla" I kind of went off....he apologizes and then gives me my total "$4 please"  whaaa??  yeah, so I don't know the exact happy hour times, but it was like midnight on a Friday!!Casino is a little hillbilly, but the $1 drinks totally make up for it.The taqueria is actually pretty good as well.
5	My wife found this hotel online in 2007. Neither of us had ever been to Vegas before and didn't really know where to stay, so we chose South Point. We went back in August of 2008 and are going again in May of 2009 and we are staying at this fantastic hotel once again.First of all, the rooms are NICE. Plasma TV's, comfortable beds, a big bathroom and they are QUIET. The times I've slept in Vegas I've slept like a baby in the South Point beds. They are that comfortable.The casino is great. They have a good number of $5 table games (Blackjack, Roulette, 3 card poker) and a nice poker room. Check in was fast, room service was just as fast, the staff is very friendly, you just have to walk through the casino to get to your room, which isn't that big of a deal. There is plenty of parking as well. The Garden Buffet has a really good breakfast selection, the lunch/dinner buffets were okay. They have a 24 hour restuarant with good deals after midnight. The Silverado Steakhouse and Don Vito's Italian Restaurant are both reasonably priced and have excellent food. They have a movie theatre and bowling alley upstairs with the bingo hall. There's always something to do at this hotel. With the exception of going to In N Out Burger and to Margaritaville, the Rio buffet and to the Hoover Dam..oh and to MGM so my wife can play Sigma Derby..we probably won't leave the hotel when we go in May.There are some very minor drawbacks. If you want to go anywhere, you need to rent a car. I believe this hotel is at 9600 S. Las Vegas Blvd, in comparison, Mandalay Bay at the south end of the strip is at 3900 South, I think. You can't walk that you need a car. They supposedly have shuttles that go to Mandalay Bay but they stop at midnight.  South Point Hotel and Casino is a great place to stay in Las Vegas. Check it out!
3	I did not stay at the hotel.  We only played the slots here. There are lots of free parking, slot machines and game tables. My friend won $80 on the penny slots. It's not as glitzy as other on-strip Vegas hotels (it's off the strip), but has the same casino vibes and amenities.
3	I am a business traveler, not a gambler. Pros+ Pretty comfortable bed+ Clean room & bathroom+ Excellent value for the $$+ Bingo is FUN!Cons-Smoky casino- Buffet is horrible******I like to get a car and drive while i'm in Vegas, so the VERY south strip location is a bonus for me.  The valet is free and pretty quick (always tip!).  It's not a giant hotel so the walk to the room is relatively short.The food leaves quite a bit to be desired. Don Miguels is barely a step up from the Taco Bell.  Breakfast at the cafe was slow and bad quality.  The Buffet is inedible.  Overall everyone was nice, the Bingo ladies are awesome, and the front desk staff was great.  I've been here a few times, and for the price I'll come again.  My favorite hotel is the Venetian, but at 10x the price I can't justify it.  Sign up for the deal emails from the southpoint website.
4	Got a great deal on this hotel and were driving to Vegas so we decided to stay here Sun-Mon night.   FYI, South Point used be called South Coast until the hotel was sold a few years ago.For the $$, the rooms are nice and big as others have mentioned, but nothing too extravagant.  The flat screen TVs are nice; the only problem is there's only 30 channels and they all pretty much suck.  I highly recommend bringing your own portable video player and hooking it up to the inputs on the side of the TV in case you want to watch something worthwhile.I can confirm that the hotel shuttle to the strip is no longer available.  I'm not sure how much a cab ride would be to The Strip, but it would probably add up to a small fortune if you're coming and going all the time.  It's about 8 miles from South Point to the Four Corners (Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd) area.  The bowling alley was one of our favorite parts of this place.  In the coupon book that comes with with every room reservation, there's also a "buy 3, get 3 games free" coupon.  My gf and I mistakenly took this to mean that we'd both bowl three games, then get three free ones on top of that.  Well, each game is counted per person, so we got a total of three games each for something like $10 plus shoe rental.
3	Where to begin? I stayed for a week and had so many opinions during that time. I was very impressed on the drive up to the hotel seeing it all lit up and golden - it was all glossy on the outside, but tired looking on the inside.Cons - Conspiracy to keep you gambling at the hotel.1. Internet rate of $12.99 for 24 hours PER DEVICE. I used my laptop and my itouch and they double charged me.2. Food is lousy (expected), but you are so far from everything that there are NO other options in the area, unless you consider Del Taco food.3. No free shuttle to the strip - also if you try to ask for alternative methods of transportation (other than by taxi) to anywhere, but here you will get unreliable information. Taxi to the strip takes 15 minutes and costs $24-30 PER TRIP ($48-60 roundtrip!).4.  There were small blood spatters in inconspicuous places - this is the second time that I have noticed this in different hotels.5. Is all the astroturf really necessary?6. No nightlife - just gambling7. Don't assume that the wireless keyboard set on the dresser under the TV actually has a purpose - it does not interface with the TV. Also the ethernet cable for the internet is a wee bit retarded and did not work with the simple plug n go method.PROS1. Large rooms for what you pay.2. 24hr room service that serves decent food quickly.3. Huge outdoor pool area and large jacuzzi. Astroturf has weeds growing in it.4. If you're playing in the lobby, you will never have to pay for drinks.5. Very friendly shuttle bus drivers will give you the inside scoop and will go out of their way to get you as close to the strip for free as they can.6. If you love NASCAR and horses, then this place is heaven for you.7. New age BINGO with touch screen or you can play the retro version with the stampers (for an extra fee) - bring your troll dolls and wing glasses.8. Curved shower curtain rod, blue chlorinated water, telephones everywhere (bedside, desktop, and by the TOILET!).
5	This place is awesome! Cheap, the slots are fun and the drinks are cheap! Off the strip, but it's perfect if your driving to Vegas and have already experienced staying at the fancy hotels on the strip!
4	First off, I'll come clean: My BF is a Nascar fan. That being said...Been to LV twice now, and only stayed at this place. Gotta say, it was much nicer than we thought it would be. In fact, when we went on the obligatory tour of the strip, we couldn't stand it and came back to SP asap. We probably like what a lot of others don't at this place: It's much quieter (sans the rings and dings), you can stay in one building w/o getting bored, it's affordable. The buffet....well, it's okay. Over salted and overcooked, but I've had worse. With a free bottle of vino with dinner, I ain't complainin' tho. The rooms are huge and clean (no blood spatters in ours thankfully). The staff very friendly, the slots looser than I thought they'd be. We have a good time and usually leave with what we came with. Since we don't have much, can't do any better than that.
4	I've stayed in most of the hotels in Vegas...and NO, I'm not a hooker...I just like diversity!  South Point was my most recent venue.If you want luxury, SP is not the place for you...run, don't walk, to the likes of the Palazzo, Bellagio, Wynn, and Encore.  If you want affordability, cleanliness, and fewer crowds...the South Point would be perfect for ya.It's right off the freeway as you enter LV and quite easy to get to, not to mention the valet parking is FREE.  Yes...FREE!And speaking of free, we got a book of coupons in our room and I suggest that if you do stay here, make use of the darn things.  There's some saving to be had for sure!  For instance, there's coupons for a free drink at one of the many bars, 2 for one desserts, a free bottle of wine with 2 buffet dinners, and my fave: $25 free to use in a slot machine.  That last little juicy number yielded my $147! So I gambled with THEIR money and MADE my own!  Yeehaw.  My only advice, when you go to activate your card, you must use it at one slot...anything you win, you can then take to another machine.  My boyfriend activated his card, pulled it out, and moved machines only to find out he had erased the dough. Sigh.  The bottle of wine with the buffet was GREAT, especially considering that I thought the food was just mediocre at best.The other great thing which warranted this place getting 4 stars out of me was the sports book area.  Ok, get this, gather round....75 cent hot dogs!  Uh huh...you can get a dog for LESS than a buck while watching sports!  Oh holy hell...2 for $1.50!  Man, it costs like $4 for one just at a movie theater...and these are fresh...a lady makes 'em right there.  Joy.  And, if you place a bet there, they give you MORE coupons...not that it would break ya cuz this hotel has like $2 and $4 drinks.  I HIGHLY recommend the bloody mary...best bang for your buck by far.Now, as for the rooms.  Arrrgh. We had your basic, run-o-the-mill room which, for the price, was fantastic.  You really can't beat $250 for 2 nights on a crowded weekend during March Madness.  But, it wasn't NEARLY as nice as my mom's upgraded suite. And the worst part...the sleeping.  Oy. The bed has one of those piss-proof pads on it so when you toss and turn at night it feels a tad crinkly and keeps you warmer than you want to be.  Also, the pillows were way too poofy so we both got neck kinks...luckily, I found a slightly thinner one in the closet...so I suggest looking there if need be. The kicker though was that the curtain did not meet the wall completely so day or night, a friggin BEAM of light smacked me in the face.  I was so not happy with this and bitched the next morning, trying to get another room.  The staff member told me she could put me in another room but hadn't heard about the curtains, etc.  I took a field poll in the elevator and two other couples experienced the same thing and had maintenance come up with tape to staple that crap to the wall.  We did this on night two and I slept SO MUCH BETTER.  So just note the tape thing...Also, don't freak out by the sign in the bathroom advising you to not dump you NEEDLES in the trash...I was like eh?  Great...this hotel's for crack addicts!  I didn't see too much riff-raff...and well, it IS Vegas. lolThe spa is nice...lots of amenities.  I had a facial (thanks mom!) that was way overpriced for what it was.  $140 and she didn't rub my hands, feet, OR neck.  Grr. And I had an add-on of a light peel which added another $30.  I don't recommend it...while nice, not worth your $.All in all...great place to go and chill and be away from the hustle and bustle.  Not the most romantic or luxurious but if you're on a budget...it's a nice place to call home for a few days.
5	pros:As a local, I have been to the south point and thought it was ok, but I had some family in town over the weekend, and got to see the rooms, and i have to say they were some of the nicest and cleanest rooms i have seen in las vegas, and for 50 bucks a night you can't go wrong, the pool is nice too, and the wife won 120 on a star wars bonus spin.cons:there was a convention in town over the weekend, and the checking lines we ridiculously long, and the Silverado steak house had nice atmosphere, but other then the salad the dinner was soso,(i've had worse, more expensive meals on the strip, not bad but not worth the price)
5	The 4 stars are just because there was a rodeo in town and the casino gaming tables were full of full fledged cowboys with dirt on their boots and jeans...Yehaah!! very softspoken people and nice.I have been here where there were gangsta folks and punks and now cowboys!!The Southpoint has become my favorite for really trying to earn money after I lose it at other casinos (like M resort spa casino).  On my 2 visits while staying with my mom, I won almost 500 bucks spread along those visits was loses of about the same amount while gambling in other places..  So thanks Southpoint for making me go home even instead of down!Yee Haaa!!!
5	This place is fashionista turned recessionista approved!Our room on hotwire was under $40!  This casino is more "old school" Vegas, in my opinion. Not the overly glossy, overdone, fake European Las Vegas.SP is nice, clean, and for "real" people.  A chill crowd- more middle aged.  Not the hard bodied, BBB (butt, belly, boob) showing 21 year olds.  This was just a random stop for one night before getting on a plane.  Do NOT come to this place if you want to hang out on the strip- it is far and there is no shuttle into town.DO come to this place if you want a clean, updated room and do not plan to leave the premise.  They make it easy to stay on campus:$5 blackjack.  $1 roulette, penny slots. $6.95 breakfast buffet (we got a BOGO coupon at check-in)free $25 of slot play$2 top shelf tequila margaritas during happy hourhuge movie theater, arcade (meh), bowling (looked nice)okay pool area- big towels- chairs and pool were not as fancy as other places.  good for kids.bonus: free shuttle to airport that runs frequently - 10 minutes awayOh- hubby just reminded me that I don't really like Vegas, but I would come back here.
4	It was under $50 on Hotwire after taxes.  At that rate and given its location 3.5 miles south of the airport, I pictured dingy tacky decor, smoke-scented polyester bed spreads, and depressed-looking senior citizens at the slot machines.  But I figured I could tolerate it for one night on our way home after hiking trip to Utah.What a relief!  The South Point had bright and spacious rooms, good service, and everything was so cheap!  Drank Don Julio Anejo cocktails for $2 during Happy Hour!  At that price, tried the El Tesoro and Herradura too.  In no time, husband was on first-name basis with the bartender.  Skip the free cocktail coupon they give you at check in.  Tasted like watery margarita mix.Pool lacked landscaping but was a good size for kids with tiled outdoor showers.  Legendary jazz musician Chuck Mangione was slated to perform.  Would pay to hear him play over Bette Midler or Cher any day.  If you feel the same, consider the South Point the next time you're in Vegas.
4	I overall enjoyed this place during my stay. Having to drive to and from the strip wasn't a huge issue, and really preferable to taking a cab around town  which would have been much more expensive. This place is about 7 miles from the majority of attractions on the strip, so don't think you can walk there, unless you go to Vegas for marathons. It still seems to have a lot in the way of its own attractions though, with a movie theatre and what sounded like a live salsa band which seemed to have a really hype crowd. It is close to a store that appears to be the Las Vegas equivalent of Kroger's - which is nice for getting cheap booze and that sorta stuff. Also not too far from Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Target, 7/11, Jack in the Box etc.The rooms were clean, very large, despite not having a fridge. The option of having a safe for free was nice to lock the laptop in. Though being on the 2nd floor only had a view of the pool - it actually was still very nice since the pool area is very well kept - I woke up one morning and could see the staff below making their rounds in cleaning up anything in the area. The bathroom was probably close to half the size of entire hotel rooms I've seen elsewhere, with your shower/ commode area being separate from the vanity area (Cue the Borat voice: "Vvveeerraaay Niiiiccesuhh!". And the 42" flat screen in the room was a nice surprise (more on that later). The buffet was about the norm, with a good variety. Some things were off in taste, but 1) you're in Vegas so you're probably too drunk/hungover for your tastebuds to really care 2) you get a free coupon booklet for deals on the hotel's dining options. The machine's weren't that friendly on this stay - but that's because I was being greedy - could have easily made $100 from spending $20 on the penny slots if I knew when to stop. The gift shop - nice range of stuff and the clerk again was very nice. Check-in was easy and simple, checkout somewhat the same (again more on that later).My only real peeves: Nice 42" tv sure...but seriously no premium channels? Not even basic cable, Comedy Central? Granted when you're in Vegas you're not really there for t.v. - and obviously the hotel has to try and position their PPV options. But in those spare moments of nursing a hangover, gambling or some "unmentionable activities" its a bit torturous to see a nice tv with all but 20 channels to watch in your downtime. Checkout was somewhat of a pain, in that I had to explain to the clerk that I was being overcharged for internet access. Kinda sucked since internet is probably only used to find directions, reviews, and things to do in Vegas - but 1) Its not clearly stated you get charged per device (for instance a portable device and laptop are separate charges) not for the whole session2) for some reason being charged an additional $13 despite having only paid for one 24-hour session - presumably because my computer went on standby and hence used another MAC address - that's bs. Thank god access was only $13 a pop.Not enough for me to hate this place, but a peeve nonetheless. Still knowing what I know now I'll probably to stay here again, make sure I use the same device for web, and not care about things to watch on the idiot box, being in of all places - Las Vegas. Especially for the price I found on "hawtwire" being like $100 per nt. Gotta love this place...
2	I do not enjoy this hotel. First off when we went last summer, the room was wrong, they gave us a smoking room and a room with one King Bed, we asked for 2 queens. They did little to help us. It was extremely smoky in the actual hotel and the stench was unbearable. I love the spa. It gives the best stone massages in the whole world, they have a steam room, sauna, pool, jacuzzi, and a relaxation room. The showers are incredible, and they offer appetizing scrubs. The only thing that lures me into this hotel is the spa. Other than that its great for kids, pretty cheap, and they have a $1 hotdog stand by the bar.
4	Only minus 1 star because I wasn't told the co-ed section of the spa was clothes enforced (meaning we had to swear bathing suits). I mean...It should have been a no-brainer that if its co-ed we should all be dressed but this is my first ever spa trip/massage/co-ed private party for two so...I had no idea what I was doing. When they explained to me that I was supposed to bring a bathing suit I thought they meant I couldn't do the private party/massage and that I had to reschedule, but it just meant I couldn't swim around in the co-ed lounge. Other than that this place was GREAT! I did the 'Private Party' couples massage with my boyfriend! It was extremely exciting and we had a ton of fun. I nearly fell asleep when I got my massage because it felt soo relaxing. The massage beds were heated too and we were covered by incredibly soft blankets and then heated towels. Oh mi gawd, I wanna go back once I get over this 'spa hangover'.
5	Just spent the weekend there, from June 12 to June 14.  Went there to continue celebrating my big 3-0.  My husband and I weren't sure which Vegas hotel to stay in, I had waited until the last minute to book a room and was expecting to spend no less than $450 for two nights including tax--anywhere.  Wow, was I pleasantly surprised when I looked on the South Point website and noticed they were offering a 50% discount for 48 hours only.  I booked a room, and for 70 bucks a night we got a room on the 24th floor, and even though we were about 6 miles away, we still had a decent view of the strip.  Not only couldn't we beat the price, we really loved the room.  It wasn't the fanciest room, but it was above average.  We traveled with both of our two year olds, and our room was roomy enough for the four of us.  What we really loved was the easy parking, it had a normal parking lot in which we easily found a spot close to the hotel, and we didn't feel as if we had to walk through a maze to get to our room.  We also loved the easy check-in.  The check-in/check-out counter was right as you enter the hotel and to your right.  Since the hotel just opened in December 2005, everything still looks new and our room was really clean and fresh.  As far as the smoke in the casino, I would say that it was no more smokey than any other Vegas hotel, and as soon as we got closer to the elevator and up to our room, the smell was gone altogether.I have nothing negative to say about this hotel whatsoever.  We are really happy with our South Point experience and are planning to stay there again.
5	Great off strip hotel. The largest room's I have ever seen at the most economical price. They are also very clean. They do use bath and body products if you care about that. Divided bathrooms and flatscreens in rooms. On a Sunday night, it was only $49/night for a place that could have easily have gone 3-400 on the strip!Great thing about Sundays is they have $1 bowling from 12AM-8AM. Quite a steal. Also there is bingo and a movie theater for those who aren't hardcore gamblersId recommend coming back here if not looking for an experience on the strip. This is far away to be relaxing and where you can actually take a breather.
4	I likes this place.  Been coming here since it used to be South Coast.  $5 tables all weekend and friendly pit bosses.  Rooms are nice and the place is clean.And, check the latest promo...  Get stupid at $1 HH on Friday from 6-10.  That's not a typo, 4 hours of flowing drinks, and you call the booze!  Cadillac margarita?  Kettle One and soda?  Shot of Patron?  All one buck, baby!  How the hell I made it back to the room with chips still in my pocket that night, I'll never know.Also, caught The Hangover during matinee.  Perfect Vegas flick.
1	I was high on this place before because the dealers were usually friendly and the pit bosses were usually melow.  But then I started winning money one night and they sent a stick man at the craps table to bump my arm every time I started to shoot.  Usually, the casino ploy is to have dealers start rushing you or insulting you in one fashion or another in the attempt to crack your lucky streak.  The usual psychology whatever.  This place took it one level too far by getting physical with me.  If I can't even do some honest gambling at this place, why even stay here when it's so far away from the strip in the boonies?  How safe are customers supposed to feel sleeping here?
4	Extra stars for having roulette tables with a minimum of $1, this made our crew of risk-takers feel more comfortable putting money on a chance game. We had four different "dealers" within a 2 hour sitting. We had two really fun ones and two not so fun ones. The buffet is sub par. Nothing too special. But hey, you shouldn't expect too much from a $9.95 buffet lunch. And I think there was a bowling alley and movie theater in this place.
4	My family spent an excellent 4th of July here. We actually just stayed here at night and went to Zion National Park during the day (it's an easy 3hr drive each way max, so we could play in Vegas at night and do the park during the day). Don't forget to ask for your free cocktail/buffet coupons and funbook, if that comes with your package.We had their Friday night seafood buffet with a complimentary bottle of Zinfandel (using a coupon from the funbook). I firmly believe that seafood needs to be eaten immediately after being cooked, not left out on a buffet line, but they definitely did not skimp on the ingredients. The cioppino had more scallops, shrimp, and mussels than any I've ever had (having grown up near SF, I've had a lot). Definitely try the to-order stir fry if you like freshly prepared seafood - I was a huge fan of their seafood fettuccine alfredo. And desserts! I love the way desserts are decorated and presented in Las Vegas buffets, and South Point did not fail to deliver. While the area was small, it was very pretty. My only complaint was that the setting wasn't optimal - people lined up waiting for the buffet and the casino itself were in plain view, along with the noise and smoke associated with casinos, creating a cheaper environment than they should've been able to do.Even if you don't drink alcohol or have kids, don't toss the complimentary cocktail coupons! I got a pina colada and a strawberry daiquiri (both virgin), which my grandparents were huge fans of after a tiring day of hiking in Zion. The funbook also has coupons for a complimentary well drink or beer, so my dad got a shot of brandy. It wasn't bad for free liquor.The hotel itself is very new. The room was big and clean, and the view from a north-facing room on the 19th floor offered an excellent view of the main strip. We didn't spend much time in the room (it's Vegas, why would you?), but I definitely have no complaints. The only gambling I'm interested in is poker, but I didn't have enough time for that this trip. The poker "room" (really just a corner tucked between a restaurant and the rest of the casino) looked very small though, and not very exciting.
4	We went here this past weekend and there are some great things about the rooms there. We were on the 22nd floor and the rooms were pretty big. We had about 6 people in our room but hey, who sleeps? We hit the pool around 4am and found this couple getting it on. How romantic.
4	Good weekend rates. Casino off strip that is usually frequented by locals and cowboys. Yes, I said cowboys. South Point Hotel and Casino has an equestrian center. The movie theater shows the latest and greatest and has plenty of movie times. The rooms are spacious and clean. Super nice considering the low rates. Would definitely stay here again.
1	I stayed at the South Point Hotel for an annual convention take always takes place in Vegas.I have to say, for a hotel that is less than a year-old, the South Point seems to be falling apart. The first night we were there I discovered none of the outlets in the bathroom worked, and the light in our toilet area simply died.The towels are tiny and rough (cheap!), and there aren't many of them around. We called the reception to order extra towels, but they never arrived.The catering for the convention was AWFUL. At one of the events, the food was so bad, and it smelled so awful in the room that my husband and I felt sick and left.The air conditioning works well. Maybe too well, because there aren't many blankets around, and even though we adjusted the temperature, it was still freezing in the room. The pillow (yes, singular) was way too tall for us, and I couldn't decide if it was worse with or without it. The mattress was really hard, and my husband and I were really uncomfortable all night.Also, because of the air conditioning and the freaking desert outside, my husband and I inquired about renting a humidifier for 3 nights. Guess what? They don't have humidifiers available. IT'S THE DESERT! Get a freaking clue!Also, after 6PM, they ask you to present your room key in order to go up to your hotel room. My husband didn't have his on him, and so he had to present proof of ID to come back to the room. I felt like a criminal, when I should be feeling like a guest.The pool is very small, and definitely does not match the size of the hotel. The hot tub, however, is really cool.The Garden Buffet was subpar, and the food was edible at best. Also, they only serve Pepsi at the hotel, so that was a minus for me, but it's a point of preference.Overall I had a terrible experience at the South Point, and since it was announced that next year the convention will be, once again, held there, my husband and I will be skipping it next year.
4	This was the first time I stayed off the strip, and I think I'll be back the next time I'm in the city and I have a car.  In a city where a number of the hotels are quite old and well-worn, it nice to be able to stay in a very new (but for how long...?) place, and for such a cost saving (I think I paid under $50 a night in December '08).The rooms are large and clean, and the facilities (movie cineplex, large bowling alley, casino, showroom) are good.  On the Thursday night I was there an excellent salsa band played in the showroom (the reason I had stayed here in the first place), and the dancing was good.  Even if I don't stay here next time I'm in town I'll definitely go back for that.
5	I go to Vegas at least once a year and this place is my favorite place to stay.  First, the rooms are top notch.  Clean, large rooms, with 42 inch lcd TVs.  This place is only a few years old and still looks great.  The rooms are a world better than cheap places on the strip and actually better than some mid price places like New York.  Why pay twice as much just to stay on the strip?  They have a game room, bowling alley, and movie theater too.  Of course they have a huge casino with good slots and $5 tables.  Good place for craps.  Fun to play and good drinks.For the past couple of years they have been giving out coupon books when you stay there.  They have a coupon for buy one get one free lunch buffet.  You can also use it for the weekend brunch which is great.  I eat there every time I stay.  Hotel rooms are around $50 mid week.On the down side, I've only eaten in the cafe once and it was so so.  Also, this place is about 5 miles south of the strip on the I15.  For some people this is a negative but I don't mind at all.  If we want to go to the strip we drive and wait to drink until we get back to the casino.  Plus, parking at South Point is easy and close to the elevators.  No point in gaming at other places when South Point has $5 tables.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed my stay here at this fairly brand new resort. Would have given it 5 stars if they had a better air/smoke filtration system throughout the casino.  I hated having to go through the casino from registration to my room because my hair, my clothes, and my skin were saturated with the smell of second hand smoke.  The room was awesome: terracota colored walls, with color matching sheets, duvet cover, comfortable mattress and fluffy pillows, hot flat screen TV, roomy bathroom and was given coupons for either free or discounted stuff for their shops and restaurants.  At the time, my room was $59.  What a great deal, and you really aren't too far from the strip if you need to venture out.  I spent the time either in the room lounging watching TV, savoring my delicious pad thai at the restaurant, or splashing around in their pool and hot tub. The sunset from the pool area was awesome!  And the way the building oriented in relation to the pool location, it blocks the hot afternoon sun from burning you to a crisp!  I highly recommend this place for a gr8 experience.  Plus it's pretty calm and without so much of the hustle and bustle and minimal annoyance of strip tourists.
4	i love to sit and ppl watch while i eat food frm. the cafe.  i recommend the philly cheese steak and my husband always orders the pizza... huge so share.  sometimes they have dollar happy hours. how can u complain.  more reasons to come here:cool, clean.. theatremultiple pai gow tablesbowlingbingo
4	The first time I stayed at South Point was in mid of 2006, not long after they grand opened. It was very clean, large rooms, nice staff and not to mention the price....Have been a fan ever since then~~~though their price has doubled since then too... :)
3	I've been coming to the South Point twice a year for the past few years.  It has definitely gotten better.  The rooms are nice and they have flat screen tvs in all the rooms.  This hotel is the ONLY one in vegas that makes my favorite alcoholic drink the BEST!! And they have happy hour where shots are only a dollar [[my drink can also come in shot form]]! Im in 7th heaven when that time rolls around. It's at the sports bar to the right of the entrance.  Im not sure how the other bar in the middle of the casino plays out. Ive tried the deli place in the back and it was ok.  It did what it needed to do.  The cafe has really good food so thats your best bet when you eat here.  They revamped the pool area but I have yet to actually go down there.  The first few years it was always closed for special events or construction so I just got used to not even trying to go.  But i seen it from my window this past weekend and it looked suuuuper nice.  Maybe next summer :)
4	Stayed at the South Point my last 3 trips to Vegas and have always received a great value with great service.  The rooms are very big compared to your standard Vegas hotel room and the hotel has very nice amenities.  If you are able to go during the week the rates can be as low as $35 a night.  I signed up for the South Point Club Card and received a 1 night free coupon.  If you don't mind being 5 minutes down the strip this is the place to be.
2	i nicknamed this place "cowboy casino."  i've never seen so many grown men in cowboy hats.  i've been to vegas a number of times and never seen cowboys - i guess they've always been hanging out at south point.  (i later discovered there is an equestrian center and rodeos at this hotel..that would explain it.)my boyfriend and i stayed here because we wanted to stay away from the craziness that was the strip on halloween, and we were only visiting for a wedding that was taking place in the residential area of vegas, so it was the perfect location.  however, i was a little disappointed in the hotel.  the rooms were nice enough, but the bathroom was pretty sub-par.  i usually think of vegas bathrooms to have a huge bathtub with a tv somewhere in the bathroom..not here.  the bath tub was tiny, and there was no tv.  there are nice flat screen tvs in each room, but they only have analog channels, so the quality is poor.  seems kind of silly to have such a nice tv and not use it to it's full potential.the staff was very nice and accommodating.  i requested an early check in and it was not a problem.the casino seemed a little too bright.  if you go to any of the casinos on the strip, the casinos are a little dim.  it sort of adds to the whole allure of las vegas.  it felt like fluorescent lights were shining on the casino in south point - i think it sort of cheapened everything.oh and i saw some little 2 year old baby girl wandering through the casino..i guess the security isn't a strict in this casino as the others..if you're looking for the typical vegas experience, look for a resort on/closer to the strip.  if you just want a nice place to stay and/or you like rodeos, then south point is the place.
4	Yummy! Good hearty buffet; fine for lunch. Many better buffets in Vegas, but none more commonly satisfying south of the city than South Point, though try the M Resort Casino buffet for quality.
4	3.65 stars.I stayed here about three weeks ago on my last business trip to Vegas.  My Vegas office is pretty close to South Point and I wanted to give them a shot due to convenience and price.*Bottom line:  I would stay here again.  The room was spacious and nicely appointed.  So was the bathroom.*The decor was not my taste but few hotels are.  One of my biggest complaints was that my view of the mountains was cut off by the roof line of another section of the casino.  No big deal.It was a pretty long walk through the casino to the parking garage but aren't they all like that?  The fact that there is a movie theater on site may make the place more appealing to some folks.
4	I was in Vegas for a friends wedding and a friend recommended this hotel since he stays here a lot when he's out on business trips. I really enjoyed my stay here, we drove into Vegas at night so we got to see the hotel all lit up, it looked very clean and new. The valet area is large, 6 lanes if I remember, the staff is super friendly. I fully took advantage of the valet the 3 days I stayed there. The front desk staff had us checked in no time at all. You have to walk through the casino floor and some buffets to get to the elevator to the rooms. Due to a mistake on the hotels part we were upgraded to a larger suite with two queen sized beds instead of single rooms with single queen sized beds. The rooms were huge, same with the bathrooms. Just gave off a feeling of new and cleanliness. The amenities of the hotel were great too, we had dinner at their steak house and made full usage of the in house coupon book they hand out. We spent the entirety of the three days in a state of intoxication. It was just so cheap and accessible to get drink, who are we to say no. Plus with the coupon book we hardly payed for anything at all. The pool was nice, they also had an indoor movie theater and large bowling alley, multiple restaurants, a coffee shop and a decent casino. Will certainly come back here to stay. Plus it's only a 5 minute drive from the strip and more relaxed.
2	My boyfriend and I came here for a Rodeo they where having in their Equestrian Center...which is really the highlight of the whole place.  South Point is MUCH nicer on the outside than on the inside.  The decor of this place is so blah and so boring...my grandma's house has more personality.  The gaming is O.K.  I personally lost $40.00 in less than 20 minutes so I can't give an unbiased review.  We ate at the Coronado Cafe after the Rodeo and the service was terrible and the food was lukewarm.  Other than the Equestrian Center I see no reason to ever come here again.  It's really far off the strip...crowded...boring...bad cafe...I'll pass!
4	After Planet Hollywood and Starwood Preferred Guest completed fucked up my reservation, we headed over to this place because it was convention week (why we were in Vegas) and couldn't find even a roach motel for less than $200 per night, per room. For $50 per night, per room, this place could not be beat - based on a player's card rate. The room was pretty big, bed was comfy. Sure, the demographic that populated this place could be considered a bit... on the ghetto side... but who cares. South Point saved our asses. Enough said.
4	If you've never been to Vegas before, pay a premium and stay on the strip for the experience and the hustle and bustle.  If you are tired of the crowded strip and just come to Vegas for a relaxed time, affordable rooms, and favorable gambling odds with impressive service, stay here!  On top of the great value, they have a bowling alley and a movie theatre all within the casino!!! Simply amazing.Ambience- If you are into western themes you'll love this place, otherwise it's blah.  The rooms are very spacious and clean.  The wifey loved the Bath and Body toiletries.  Food- I didn't eat at any establishments at the hotel but nothing really caught my eyes.Service- This is a casino that caters mostly to savvy locals and they will bend over backwards to keep you happy and coming back.  The dealers are professional and cordial unlike the dealers on the strip who force themselves to talk and smile.  If you don't mind the fact that this hotel is located about 12 miles off of the strip, you'll love and appreciate the quality of their service at this hotel.
5	Stayed at South Point from December 31st (2009) thru January 3rd (2010).   Guest room & bathroom was really spacious and nice.  Clean too.  Way better than Luxor.  We lucked out and had a great view of Vegas. Rooms were insulated and so quiet you could barely here the fireworks going off in the distance.  The beds & linens were both soft and comfortable.  Nice touch with the 'Bath & Bodyworks' stuff.   Parking was good too.  We saw LOTS of security patrols driving around the lots and grounds.  They also had good security checking people's cards for access into the hotel part of the casino.  Would definitely stay here again IF not staying on the strip (such as the Bellagio).  Oh...the casino cocktail waitress clothing is gonna catch some eyes.
5	Second year in a row my husband and I have celebrated the New Year playing bingo. South Point does an awesome job for their bingo extravaganza. Your ticket includes hours of bingo fun, food and OPEN BAR!!! We are not into going to the strip to be around a bunch of drunks but we are into finding a fun safe place to celebrate the new year. Party hats, champagne, horns and a gift are also included, this event sells out so its important to call in your reservation early. The food is a nice selection of finger foods, chicken strips, egg rolls, fruit, veggies, cookies. We learned from last year not to eat before so we could enjoy the snacks. At a quarter to midnight they stop the bingo games and turn the TV to local broadcasting so you can see the fireworks and count down live. This is an excellent option for bringing in the new year! Happy 2010!!!
3	Its not that far from the Strip actually... well if you have a car. The place is huge and the rooms are very pretty and spacious.You have everything you could want in there - except the Strip vibe, its personal but I prefer to stay Downtown, not because of the hotel but because it just feels so much more Vegas to me.I am not considering in my rate the fact that I was robed by the cleaning staff, argh.
5	I've stayed here three times already and every time it was great. This time I discovered the cineplex there and was quite surprise that it had 16 screen movie complex along with a bowling alley. Please see my other two reviews below for other details.
4	Enjoyed my Thanksgiving weekend here. The rooms were pretty nice and inexpensive. The casino has several different games and slots. Plus there's all the other great stuff that people have already mentioned - the bowling alley, movie theater, etc.Too bad the bartender one night was a complete jerk. Anyways, I overall enjoyed my experience here so I cannot complain. If I didn't have to put up with traffic when I travel for Vegas, I might just stay here.
4	Very good hotel. Clean. Staff was great. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was it's location away from the strip. It ended up costing me $28 via Taxi from the airport. To get to say Luxor it cost $22. If you have a car.....great. If not taxi costs need to be factored in to your per night room rate. Overall I had a pleasant time at South Point.If you are a steak lover you have to eat at the Silverado Steakhouse. It is the best.
4	So, after getting hosed on my room rate last year for SuperBowl, I looked around different websites this time.  Never use i4vegas. Ever. 321 days later, I still haven't received my refund.Anywho, hotels.com was advertising 2 nights for $161. SouthPointe was advertising $212. WTH? Also an issue left over from last year was the fact that since they didn't sell out (and won't this year either), the price dropped in half the week of SuperBowl, but I couldn't take advantage of it.So I picked up the phone. SouthPointe matched the lower price and guaranteed that if the price goes down, I'll get the lower rate.Score!Now if they just loosen up the slots......
4	if u get tired of the strip scene...the cooch revealing dresses, the touchy-feely drunk guys, the $20 drinks...there is relief! take a short cab ride over to salsero on friday nites at south point for some salsa dancing. mostly a locals joint, it's only 10 bucks to get in, which includes a free drink. and get this...drinks are $4!!! $5 for grey goose!!!! i had to do a fuckn double take. there is a live band all nite and salsa skills run from beginner to pro, and many people down to dance rather than sitting and watching.
4	We've stayed here a few (4?) times. Always a good value. Away from the strip craziness of Las Vegas, nice rooms, easy parking, not "too smoky" decent but nothing exceptional food.  Not a young "hip crowd" and good for a base of operations during a multi-day stay or a night in transit.Once had a complaint about "too cool" hot water in shower,  but they dealt with it with consideration and desire to make us happy.  My wife thought the buffet was "poor" but i felt it could only use some improvement. Overall, a good place and a good value.
3	Okay, living within a few miles of this place it is convenient if you are trying to get a quick drink or just take a friend from out of town in to blow some money... The Place itself is not bad looking and the buffet is Ehh... There are a few ups and a few downs.Ups:1. The the south point member club sends out $15-50 In free slot play about once a month.2. The oyster bar has a good deal on King Crab legs.3. The Bowling ally is awesome and is 24 hoursDowns:1. Walking into this place is like walking into a 12x12 room full of marlboro testers on full puff status... Plan on having second hand cancer when you leave and plan on having a soar throat for a few days after leaving.2. I understand that coctail waitresses are assigned the uniforms... So come on South Point, is it really fair for those poor girls to be forced to have a 3 inch thick piece of cloth pulled up there ass and the sides cut up to thier arm puts.... All i can say is this is not flattering. "if you are a c octail waitress there please understand I am not talking about your lack of appeal, but the wrestling singlets that you are forced to wear just dont do any favors"3. The slots, in my opinion are very very tight, they boast the %97 payback rate on video poker but that means nothing to me. Thats a %97 payback rate based on an infinate amount of time.Maybe i am being a little harsh on the place, and i know my main complaint is the smoke.. And I have had 2 bad experiences at the buffet, not directly but watching managers discipline the employees by screaming at them in the middle of the dining area is not exceptable and I personally feel that type of behavior reflects upon the entire establishment.So if you choose to go to the South Point, Go for a movie, maybe a few games of bowling, and a drink.
2	Ok. Last Update. Cuz I'm never going back.Dear South Point,When a customer gets out of her car and pops a beer at the valet before walking to the registration desk, you should NOT put her on a floor with a broken ice maker. Stupid.When a customer books a King non-smoking 5 weeks before Super Bowl and you fuck up and give it to someone else, leaving her with 2 Queens, you should TELL her before she walks the Three Vegas Miles she has to walk to get to her room. While lugging her Ice Chest. That Needs Ice. That You Don't Have On Her Floor. Stupid.You should remove the Queen size rocks and replace them with actual mattresses. And WHO DOESN'T TUCK IN THE BOTTOM SHEET !?!??!?! Seriously!?! Stupid.Playing Lucy and Ricky for the weekend kinda worked out, though. We both tossed and turned so much all night that we probably would have fought if we had been in reach.You should schedule more than 2 waitresses for the SportBook and adjoining lounge on Super Bowl Sunday. They were so dog-tired, they didn't even care that we brought in our own bottles of booze. They were happy not to deal with us. Stupid.And your Slots still suck ass out loud.Lastly, Hubby still likes his oysters. I had the crab sandwich. You are very lucky that I wasn't very hungry and didn't take a big old He-Man Starvin'-Marvin bite outta that thing. I'd probably just be getting out of emergency surgery. Hire someone that can tell the difference between crabmeat and crabshell. I can forgive a little piece or two. But these were humongous and I stopped counting and eating at 10 pieces. And you wouldn't take it back or not charge me. Stupid.One star for the giant piece of banana cake from the Deli that lasted me all weekend. And the delicious chicken philly cheese sammy with crispy fries.The rest of the STUPID building can burn down for all I care.
3	Good lord this place is massive.Rooms were like $35 and I had just spontaneously turned a weekend Vegas trip into a week-long banger, so South Point it was.Way passable.  Rooms were new and clean, super for the price.Nice to stay off The Strip, as always.  Lots of food and other options in the area if you're willing to drive.Pretty mountain views and the most beautifullest sunsets from our room, ooooo
4	Ok first things first...This place is magical. I'm not gonna go into all the reasons it's magical, as it was a life-altering event, but I'll give you the jist...Although I can not remember very much about the casino (DAMN YOU JAGERMEISTER!), I do remember very friendly cocktail waitresses and winning at the roulette table...the place is HUGE. It has a free shuttle to/from the airport with a chatty, fantastic driver. I think he said he only drives once a week for them, but BOY am I happy he was our guy. He was hilarious as was the other couple on the shuttle. Anywho, it's not on the strip, but they have wonderful spa treatments (so I hear, but was not able to make time to go to one), a bowling alley and a movie theater, where we went to see Alice in Wonderland in 3D...and the staff is very friendly and not visibly jaded (which seemed to be the general demeanor of many cocktail waitresses at the other hotels we visited during the same trip). When you go to Vegas, you don't want to see how bummed out the staff is at 4am, it's a vacation, you're looking for some joy, not for hard-knocked reality circa Elizabeth Berkley in Showgirls. (Oh yeah, LOVED that movie, lol!) Bleh! That's like going to Disney World and watching the guy in the Mickey Mouse suit eyeballing a noose or writing a list of ways to end his misery. No thanks. Give me the shiny, happy Vegas and keep your seedy underbelly to yourself! So I would give 5 stars, but since we only stayed there for one of the five nights we were in Vegas, and I didn't get to experience much of what they had to offer, I'm gonna give them a solid 4 and would DEFINITELY stay there again.
3	South Point had one of the better deals during a ridiculously crowded Spring Break/March Madness weekend, and I was happy with our room and our little perks (2 free buffets, 4 free cocktails--free Grey Goose!, and free access to the very nice gym--normally $15, I believe).One thing I didn't like was the bathroom, but only because the shower and toilet were made for 6'0" people.  I'm 5'5" and my feet barely reached the floor while sitting.  It also took forever to wash my hair cause the shower head was so high up with a rain-like spray.  Aside from that, I did like that the toilet/shower were separate from the sink area. The bed was comfy and huge, and the room smelled and looked new despite probably being a few years old.  Downside: no mini-bar/fridge, and no TV guide in our room.  We had to keep guessing which channel was which.  It took forever to find CBS for basketball!Overall, I'd definitely stay here again, especially if I get a free room offer considering how much I lost to the slots and tables!
3	I have to agree with others, this place is huge.  Its a long walk to your room thru a smoky casino.  The carpeting in the hall way is stretched out and no longer flat.  The room I had was good sized, with a two room bathroom.  Interesting concept.  Coffee maker in the room too.  It is a good distance from the strip.  Cab ride is a good $20+ one way.
4	I received a free room offer from South Point last winter and took them up on it. The resort is nice with a bowling ally, movie theater, casino, bars and restaurant on-site. This is a locals casino so I wasn't expecting too much strip magic. The resort rooms are nice with modern technology (lcd tv, alarm clock, etc). The bathrooms are a bit drab but are cleverly designed with bathtub and toilet separated from the sink room allowing use of the sink while someone else is showering. South Point gives out Bath and Body Works bath products which is a big plus! The buffet was very average and did not justify the hour wait me and my friend had to endure. I would recommend the coffee shop over the buffet. Staying at South Point and frequenting the strip was a bit of a chore as the hotel is pretty far. It is about a 10 - 15 min drive from the rest of the hotels on the strip. If you don't mind the distance, South Point offers great values, and a fun clean resort with low gaming minimums!
2	The people of yelp are giving this hotel more credit than it deserves.Yes, their prices are cheaper than the other hotel/casinos here, it's quite a steal to be honest. For our Vegas trip, we booked a room here... the problem? We booked a King non-smoking room and ended up cancelling it and asking for our money back because apparently they ran out of single king rooms.  Really?REALLY?!?It wasn't like we booked it the day before, we actually had this booked in advance and it was plenty of time for them to notify that they had no more available. What was really stupid was that we have to walk across the casino up five floors, open the door to find out ourselves. We went back and they gave us the "our reservation was based on availability only" excuse. W. T. F.Their food there was pretty bad too, I'm sure my boyfriend could cook better food (and he's not very good at cooking too). Good thing it was free cause of the coupons they gave us.
3	Off strip casino, seems to cater to locals. Tables have low buy ins and a decent variety of machines. There is also a movie theater and bowling alley. Downside: kinda old Vegas sleazy, dealers are a little anti social. This place is great if you are low maintenance and want to avoid the insanity on the strip.
4	Offers Free and Discounted Room for member Yay..Has a cinema and own bowling alley inside.Quite a steal for the pricethe only downside is that it's about 2 exit from everything else.
3	You get a great deal with South Point, believe me.  I paid about $110 per night for a three day weekend (incl taxes), which was about the same price I would have paid for Hooters if I wanted to stay there again.  So I opted for the better deal.However, it is a bit off from the strip.  I stayed at South Point for my 22nd birthday, and I'll admit it was a bit hard to have to find a DD to take us to the strip and back for some exploring.  However, the hotel itself is not too shabby.  The room we were in was very spacious, although I didn't understand why the accessible room had to be placed as the LAST room in a long hallway...  Regardless, our rooms were pretty big.  Although there are no mini fridges (sucks that our alcohol wasn't always chilled) and no TV guide.Helpful tips:- Don't get a room on the 2nd floor.  The view stinks... (I mean, what view?)- You can book a room and not be charged until 36 hours prior to your check in.All of the rooms are located at the back of the casino, so you need to walk through it to get it.  Even though we were placed really far down the hall, I still enjoyed my stay here simply because it was a good price for the level of comfort you get.  They provide you with a coupon book, and I made use of the free cocktail and souvenir.Only big drawback for me was the Casino... kind of dingy, and it doesn't help that I didn't win anything while I stayed at South Point.  And no Monopoly Tycoon slots??  For shame...Oh well, at least the room was nice.  Check this place out if you're not feeling the strip during this Vegas trip.
3	Nice sized hotel.  They have a liquor store with some of the cheapest prices in Vegas.  Never stayed here but have deposited a few bucks into their machines and at their tables.
4	I've lived in Vegas for about six months. Moved here from LA. I drive back a lot to see my friends. And I always pass this place. A buddy was in town for a bowling tournament and stayed here. Naturally I would come visit him and also check out the South Point.This place is pretty inclusive once you walk in the door, just like any other Vegas "resort", so I'll just stick with what I saw...1. Nice rooms that smell nice.2. Bowling lanes are awesome. But slick.3. Sportsbook is awesome. Great place to watch a game.4. Grab a reuben at the Deli. It's ridiculous. And tasty. Also try a knish.5. The parking is a quick and short walk to the casino area. 6. The entertainment seems fun and cheesy. This weekend was Tony Orlando. And I even saw him walking around the casino.All in all, it's a decent spot. I probably would never drink, party, stay or even come here again, unless a group of friends made plans for it. But, it was nice, and clean. And I hear the rooms are cheap.
2	Gross - the carpet in the halls of the hotel are loose and bubbling. Rude - the front desk didn't even look me in the eye during the whole check in process. Inconvenient - the money you save by staying here is spent on taxi and shuttle rides to the strip and the airport.
3	I stayed there this week with my family. The upside:  The rooms were very nice and the beds were comfortable. The rate was really good too. The pool was very nice and had a wading pool for the kids.The downside:  The casino is way too smokey. It gave me a sore throat to walk through. Most newer casinos aren't that smokey.  There was a housekeeping guy running a vacuum through the hall. My 4 year old didn't notice and stopped in his path. Instead of smiling or saying anything, he gave my whole family an angry and impatient look. And the carpet in the halls of the hotel are bubbling, which looks bad.  I also thought the buffet was gross.
4	A very nice casino on the south end of the city.  There's definite pros & cons to staying here.Pros: Spacious, attractive hotel room.  HDTV, couch, table, etc.            Casino floor is huge and the carpet is comfortable to walk on.          There's a great Mexican Restaurant and a great big pool.           Bowling alley, movie theater, & arcade to keep kids occupied.Cons: Far from the strip & paying $25 per cab ride either way to/from.            Buffet is bland - no taste...Worth your stay if you don't mind or would rather be away from the bustle of the strip.  Not worth it if you have to commute back drunk.  Busses stop running at midnight.  So plan ahead.  Best place to catch the bus is at Barbary Point.
1	This place has terrible customer service in their reservations dept. I made a reservation for a friend's wedding through Priceline and have since called the hotel 3 times to ask questions and make arrangements. Every time I have been very easy to work with and cordial but their phone staff has been rude, unhelpful and dismissive. I have not even set foot in there and am already displeased. South pointe needs to get their act together and realize that there are plenty of better and cheaper options in Vegas.
4	I was pretty pleased with the South Point Hotel.  Rooms were large and bathrooms were nice.  Prior review mentioning the 2nd floor has no view is soooo true!  It's okay though-the price was right and it was very close to my friend's house that we were visiting.  We ordered room service and had a pretty good turkey wrap with fries.  Took the kids to the movies and the theater was nice.  It is a great hotel if you have kids-with the bowling alley, arcade, and movie theater.  If you are looking for a good value, then stay at South Point Hotel, but if you are looking for Vegas excitement and glamour, I suggest going to one of the hotels on the strip.
3	Cool points roster:-clean-spacious-beautiful rooms-easy to get a cab-if you have kids; they got a theater, bowling alley, and an arcade for them to go gallivanting around.-comes with all the amenities that a vegas hotel should come with; valet, spa, gym, several bars, complimentary drinks if you're gambling, buffet etc etc.what made them go negative on the cool points roster:-hella far from the strip.  if you're taking a cab it's at least $25 each way.  -buffet isn't all that fantastical.  i can pay $7 here in san diego for a bigger and better buffet.-coffee shop near the entrance is way more expensive than Starbucks for a cup of joe.-everything was fine and dandy till you had to pay for every amenity they provided.  pay to get into the gym, pay to get into the spa on top of paying for the spa service etc etc... so everything seems cheap at first, then they'll nickel and dime you for all the other crap.  gorgeous rooms, but you can't really do anything without paying the price.  meaning that shit doesn't come with the room rate... might as well just stay on the strip.
4	Good hotel, great valueThis would be a top hotel in most cities, but in Vegas it is clearly a notch below the Strip heavyweights - there is a reason it is priced so much lowerBut the rooms and service are greatYou will be staying with all of the other families that are too cheap to stay in the middle of the stripThe high end restaurants are not worth the price but their buffet is a good valueThe casino reeks of smoking and Californians will be repulsedYou need a car to go anywhereThe pool is good for a relaxing dip and tan, but if you are in your 20s and want to go for the scene then this is not the place to be
3	Still pretty basic so I can't really bump the stars :/Still have theeee best scooby snack shots/drink I've ever tasted :DStill a little ways from the strip so you can't take your car and drink on the strip.  And you don't want to spend your drinking money on a taxi :(Still the go-to spot when we bowl our tournament in vegas :)The end.
5	What is not to love about South Point?  OMG where do i begin, amazing prices on roomS!  It is a relatively new hotel so everything looks just like all the other hotels on the strip.  The rooms are nice, they have a bowling alley!  Great restaraunts and bars.  The pool area is gorgeous :)  Seriously 89 dollars a night for a great experience...I honestly didn't even want to leave.  but even when you want to there are shuttles to the strip every 15 minutes it is very dependable!  They land you right in the heart of the strip at Mandalay Bay and take you back so no cabs necessary!  i would give it a shot ;)
3	I just called to see how much the lowest rates are in August and if they had any local promotions.Any weekend in August except the 13-15 is $79 a day as the 13-15 is $109 a day.I might think about it as it would be the first time staying there.  Just want a little get away from home.
4	In truth, 3-3.5 but I can't bring myself to downgrade, for whatever reason. The 4 stars aren't because it's close to one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in in my life, but rather because when I hear "off the Strip" the hairs on the back of my neck stand up and I can feel unwashed sheets against my skin, and despite my low expectations coming in, this place was really a very pleasant surprise. The casino was not wall-to-wall smoke as feared, but rather exceptionally well ventilated (and I am SENSITIVE to smoke). The staff at the front desk was friendly and responsive, and even gave us a free upgrade for no reason (note: apparently a "city view" room is not a "Strip view" room). The room itself was big and CLEAN, simply but tastefully decorated and yes, had a big screen TV.The pool was smaller than most Vegas pools, but still much bigger than the average non-Vegas hotel pool. The bowling alley was huge, and I didn't check out the theater but hey, the entrance looked nice! There's a shuttle to the Strip, it's $8 roundtrip, so don't forget to keep your receipt (!!!). God help you if you get the shuttle driver we had, unless you want to spend 30 minutes listening to a bitter dude complain about the state of the Vegas economy and the government's failure to bail out Main St...brother must have Sarah Palin on speed dial. Despite the O'Reilly wannabe, we really did have a great time. No, there are no canals at this hotel or pirate shows or dancing fountains...but then I don't really need to pay $100 more a night for any of that anyway.
4	I didn't have a room here, just came to gamble/drink. Southpoint is nice refresher to keep away from the crowds and people from the strip. Mostly local people here and i like how they are quick with the beers at the video poker at the center bar. I will definitely come back here...
3	Pretty decent hotel for being off the strip and not too bad for prices.
4	For the 4th of July, the kids and I spent the night here at Souhtpoint Casino. We got the room for $99 for the night. We had a blast. It started as a teenage pool party for my son's aunt. Then we arrived an hour later to meet up with them. My son went swimming with the teenagers and had so much fun because there was on teenage dude there who swam with him as the girls stood on the side of the pool chit chatting and gossiping. As time went on, we went back to the house so that my son could light the fireworks that I had bought him... So much fun. It was him, me, and a bunch of the neighbors all lighting at one time along with other people from the other streets from the neighborhood. After we were done, we went back to the hotel and went for a midnight swim from midnight til 215 am. The pool stays open 24-7. It was awesome because this time I went swimming with my son and had so much fun that we are planning on doing it again. When, we are not sure. He has a graduation from elementary coming up in a few weeks, so we may end up doing it then. What's cool too is that the room that we stayed in a had clear view of the M Resort since it is down the street. Pics coming later. So all in all, we didn't get Cane's Chicken like we had planned, but grandma had BBQed and we had a lot of snacks especially from Starbucks that to my cousin who works for Starbucks.
3	A fine place to stay if you want to be off the strip and closer to a residential area of Las Vegas. I was quite pleased with the room/bathrooms/ample parking and staff. The rooms are quite large, comfortable beds and have flat screen TVs.  If you have kids there is plenty for them to do here, bowling, pool, and movies. They offer a shuttle to the strip for $8. There is plenty of dining options and the rooms have a coffee maker - what a strange thing to see in Vegas. While there is no resort fee, they do charge $15 to use the gym...South Point is a great option for those who want to be away from it all, or like to stay in one hotel.
4	Wow... was not expecting much, but I am impressed!I paid $35 for my Sunday night room. When I checked in, I was given TWO coupon books (for one guest) that each contained a coupon for a free buffet (either breakfast - value $7 - or lunch - value $10) and a free drink at virtually any bar, and a free margarita with dinner in their Mexican restaurant, and 10% off on their pseudo-Starbucks, and several others that I couldn't use.I was only there for one night - but the place is going to become my "go-to" in Vegas! No need to leave the resort at all. Many restaurants including a good buffet, a nice pool, very large room with big-screen TV, enormous bathroom with good amenities, great, friendly service from everyone.Relatively low limits in the casino table games ($5), and tons of penny slots that paid well.Free valet parking, everything you'd expect in a bigger casino. 16-screen movie theater, 64-lane bowling alley, reasonable arcade for kids.The only downside is its location - VERY far south of the Strip. They do run a shuttle, not free, but not bad compared to the taxis. I didn't use it, because I was only there for the one night, but I *think* it's only $8 per day, no matter how many times you use it in both directions, if you are paying cash.Strongly recommended.
3	I never got to stay here but did some make some donations on their craps table.  The place is nice but the design is a little too relic and old fashion for me.  If I wasn't told that the place was recently built, I would've thought the place needed to be updated.  If you're looking for someplace to stay off the strip and just do a little gambling, then this place is for you.
1	This is the worst casino hotel ive ever stayed at in Vegas. I would never stay here again. Its for trash. Its not close to the strip  which didnt matter to me cuz i didnt ever go there anyways. One of the towels i used stunk like  fish water. The next night you could here the people next door and it also sounded like people stomping and jumping above. I was on the 17th floor. had used shampoo etc in the bathroom.  Never again!
2	We went there just to check out the casino since it's so new.  It was like a really nice "downtown" casino (ie, lots of seniors) mixed with the Disneyland crowd (ie, kids and their parents).  Don't go if you're looking for a "Vegas experience."
4	I have stayed at South Point Hotel and Casino many times and think it is a great deal for the money. Off their website, $42 Sunday thru Thursday, and $99 on Friday and Saturday. The cheap rates bring in a weird mixed crowd, but it's a fantasy land if your into people watching. I saw Flavor Flav, Sug Night, and Bill Russell there at different times.Pissed me off last time I stayed there, they had Boingo wireless which you can get through Boingo for $9.99/month but they discontinued that deal so new price is like $12.99 a day which is way too expensive for everyday business use.Use the coupons they give you at check in, which can save a little trip money. There is a movie theater, bowling alley, huge pool and jacuzzi. So, plenty of options outside of Gambling. They added a new poker room as well, there wasn't a bunch of traffic but I made $200 off some tourists in a few hands, ah yeah.Room service food is all good, a little spendy after extra charges. But plenty of other options to eat at like the Deli, Steak House, and Buffet (free with coupon). Hop in a car, shuttle, or taxi, jump on I-15 and your at the strip in 10 minutes.
3	In all the years I've lived in the 702, I've stayed at the following hotels: The Palms, Gold Coast, South Point and the dingy motel extension of the El Cortez(which has been changed into the El Cortez Cabana Suites).Boring. :P But I digress.The room: Very nice and large. It was almost the size of a suite. The bed was so comfy that I wanted to take it home with me! I also liked how the toilet and bathtub were in a separate room from the sink area.Location: I don't know about now(I rarely ever venture anywhere south of Tropicana to be honest) but back then it was surrounded by absolutely NOTHING. The bleak, middle-of-nowhere location seriously creeped me out, no lie. I don't know what it is about being somewhere in the middle of nowhere that bugs me so much.Restaurants: The buffet was mediocre to point of it being overwhelming. It reminded me of The Orleans, but worse. I did like the Cafe though(can't remember the name) and Baja Miguel was just okay. Entertainment: The movie theater was decent(I saw Scary Movie 4 here) and I really liked the arcade too. Bowling alley looked nice but I didn't try it out. Pool: They hadn't finished construction on it at the time we stayed here.Miscellaneous: The whole entire place is very.....plain. :/ It's nice, but other than that there's really nothing special about it at all. Rumor has it Flavor Flav comes here a lot, which is pretty damn random if you ask me.So overall it's a decent hotel for your money if you don't mind being sort of isolated. There was a shuttle to The Strip that came and went every 45 minutes, I'm not sure if they still have it though.
3	So me and the hubby got 2 free nights & decided to check it out. We have been here many times but never stayed over.Due to the promotion it was very busy at check-in but we finally got up to our room which was just ok.It was nice and big and clean.They  have big TV's and the bed was super comfy. The lotion they provide smells like something at grandma's house..no offense to grandmas. But it was not great.They do have a nice pool area..which was also packed every time we went to use it. Guess half of Vegas was given free rooms?So all and all it was not bad..glad I didn't have to pay for the room during this promo. It was really crowded. I will go back again for my free nights next month..but then I will stay hidden in the spa!
4	1 Night; Four People; 1 Bedroom suite; Complimentary parking space in front lot or garagePaid $38/nightReview for May 2010Pros:+ Spacious... Room, Bathroom+ THIS HOTEL HAD EVERYTHING!  Great for large groups or families.  Casino  Theater  Bowling Alley  Barber Shop  Spa & SalonCons:- It's FAR away from the strip- Shuttle takes you to the strip for a fee!- (I did notice) there wasn't many young people in 20's or 30's, I think that this hotel could do GREAT business if they market their demographics differently.
4	Although this resort might be off the beaten track, it has a lot to offer.  We (I, my wife, and two small kids) usually stay at a Station casino or downtown, but we thought we'd give this place a try, and we are glad we did.  The casino floor is quite spacious, with plenty of room for foot traffic.  Our normal haunt, the Golden Nugget, can get very claustrophopic, so this was a welcome relief.The rooms are equally spacious and well appointed.  Plenty of room for the boys to roam around.  We made much use of the pool and although the hotel seemed busy, the pool wasn't crowded.  The drinks weren't overpriced at the pool-side bar like they are at some Vegas hotels.  With a movie theater and bowling alley, there is plenty for everyone to do.  I was also happy that the restaurants weren't ridiculously over-priced.  The Coronado Cafe (24 hour) has a great late night menu that has steak and eggs for 3.95 (midnight to 7:00 a.m.) and their breakfasts are reasonably priced between 4 and 9 dollars.  Many might think this is too far from the strip, but if you really don't have a need to be center strip, then this is a great alternative.  They offer free shuttle service to and from the airport (advanced reservations required) and a shuttle every two hours to the Fashion Show Mall.  There is an 8$ fee, and I didn't get to find out if that is one way or round trip.  The outlet mall is only three miles north and about a mile to the east is a large Target shopping center with plenty of fast food.  How could I not mention the buffet?  It was good...not as good as Sam's Town, but they had a great seafood selection and a Mongolian BBQ station.  All in all, this is a great place for families and large groups, and anyone who wants to enjoy a Vegas vacation without the traffic and hassles of the strip!I've also noted several reviewers complaining about paying for all of the amentities.  What's the big deal?  If you don't use it, you don't pay for it.  One of the reasons I stopped staying at Station Casinos was that they charge a 12.95 resort fee to cover amentities you may or may not use.  I'd rather pay for what I want to use than pay a fee for things other people enjoy.
4	Staying at South Point this past weekend I must admit I was pleasantly surprised. I was very skeptical and unsure of what to expect considering it is 15 minutes away from the strip and only $70 a night. I mentally prepared myself for the worst. Driving into the hotel everything was very self explanatory and it wasn't absolute mayhem like most hotels tend to be in Vegas. We did the free self park (tons of parking spaces available) and walked straight into the hotel. The check in was easy breezy and they even give you a coupon book to use during your stay. Pros: Rooms are huge Cheap rates Bowling alley (open 24 hours) Arcade (with air hockey) Coupon book Nice pool Movie theater Cons: No shows available at the hotel Cab ride onto the strip is about $18-$26 depending on traffic Crowd is not very young or attractive I guess it depends what your motives are but I think South point is nice in that you get to go out of town and be close to Vegas, without being around all the hustle and bustle that comes with Sin City.
4	stay here @ least twice a year for bowling sweepers...rooms are spacious & well appointed (LG flat screen), bathrooms large (dual sinks) & rain forest shower heads...many different restaurants to satisfy the palate...my fav is the Garden Buffet which caters to all my preferences be it Italian, Chinese, Mexican or  American...ice cream (soft swirl) bar sux tho', dessert bar (cakes, pies, etc.) 'eh...Coronado Cafe (24 hr):"graveyard special" 7oz. NY top sirloin steak & eggs, hash browns & toast for $3.95, normal for Vegas but still kills it...pros:nice hotel for the $$$cons:check in area waaaay far away from the parking elevators, then the room elevators are again waaaay off in the distance from the check in area...who designed this place???
4	If you know what you're getting into, then this is a great place. I recommend it for couples, families, seniors, and those who want to avoid the crowds on the strip. The hotel is "good enough". You will find that everything is just good enough. Bingo, slots, tables, sportsbook, food, pool, everything is good enough.  Ate at the buffet and the 'prime rib' restaurant. Everything was average. 16 screen theatre, 24hr bowling center.The room don't have mini fridges (extra $15 a day) which sucks. $8 shuttle takes you to the strip (10 minutes). Shuttle stops at 12am.Drinks were cheap. $18 for a beer, 2 shots, and a mixed drink at the bar. Overall, I enjoyed myself here. If you want strip action avoid. If this is your first time in vegas go to the strip instead. Otherwise, this place is a great value ($80 a night).
3	I'd give them more stars but I came here randomly and just ate at their cafe. So this review will be based on the cafe part of the hotel. I've never heard of this place but there were some people staying here so we came back to grub. Me and my friend walked in and there were a lot of people eating which was a good sign. He told me he used to come out here and eat for super cheap, so I was curious to as HOW cheap is SUPER CHEAP.. we sat at the counter and were instantly greeted, got menus and water. Looked at the little sign they had at the counter and saw a whole bunch of stuff for $2-$6 bucks. I was amazed. We both ordered the burger and he also had biscuits and gravy. Our total bill was around $15 bucks.. haha cheap eats in Vegas FTW..Heard rooms are decent.. pretty nice and the hotel and casino itself is pretty spacious.
2	Sadly my expectations of this place were much higher than I got to experience. I lived in Vegas for many years and recently moved from there to San Diego. I still do much business in Vegas and often stay in hotels. Since much of my business was in the south area of town this time, I decided to stay at the South Point.I fly into the airport on an early flight (like 5am early). I try to get book a shuttle to pick me up and I'm told that I needed to schedule 24 hours in advance. No problem, I suppose. I'm no stranger to the mass transit system so I decide to take the bus. This was an hour and a half trip alone. When I arrive (now about 6:30am), I'm aware that check in time is a long way away. But I make the attempt anyway for an early check-in. Apparently, a change in shift was happening and I'm told to check back at around 9am. Fair enough, I thought. So I decide to take advantage of the many "graveyard specials" at the cafe. But to my avail, I miss these specials by 10 minutes. I try to plead my case (red-eye flight, early arrival, etc) but they fall upon deaf ears.So I order my food and do my best to take my time in consumption of the food. The service were very good but I couldn't take up three hours of just sitting there so I take my luggage to the bell desk to hold and try to find a place to relax. Sadly, the only place for this was at the pool. As luck should have it, it was very windy and while most hotels have their pools shielded from such things. This one did not. I eventually tire of this and proceed to try to check in again.Lucky for me, this clerk is fresh and chipper and finds me a room. I had requested a higher floor but the only thing open was lower level and facing the other tower. Beggers can't be choosers I suppose.After a nap I decide to head to the strip. A plan that eventually would result to as a fail. The city bus only stopped by the casino once an hour and their shuttle (for a nominal cost) every two. It seems that they really encourage you to stay on property there. Since logistically, going to the Strip wouldn't work out (I had a business meeting later that afternoon). I did opt to stay in the room.The room itself was very nice. And unlike other hotels, there's quite a selection of television stations. Including some music stations. This made good for when I was working on projects. But sadly, the hotel does not offer free Wi-Fi, and what they do offer is outrageous.Overall, the casino was average at best. I doubt that I'd stay there again unless I got a free room or something. This place would have rendered three stars providing it was more centrally located.
4	this casino I consider our 'home casino.'. residents of las Vegas have a nearby casino that they frequent to eat, gamble, grab a drink.. watch a movie.. and south point is that for us. I've never actually stayed at the hotel, but have spent a lot of time in the casino, bars, restaurants, movie theatre, & bowling alley/arcade.  the yellow tone of this place.. as far as decor, is insane.. it's yellow.it can be more modernized.. but it's still comfy.  their are a couple entrances.. all lead into the labyrinth that is the casino.  the main entrance is very close to the hotel lobby.. and to get to the rooms you have to walk past the hundreds of slot machines and tables.  Eats:  lots of them.  mexican, steak, chinese.. american, deli, buffet.. and an oyster bar.   they also have seattles best coffee and an ice creamery.. [forget which kind of ice cream it has]  Movie theater:  decent!  i like it a lot.  they have XD and 3D.. huge theatres, small ones.  it's kept clean.  the snack bar is hooked up with the usual junk.  dryers ice cream bar! STARBUCKS COFFEE!  oh wha?Bowling Alley: 24 hours yo.if your looking for a slot machine.. you got it..bingo!  duh!looking for a table?  you found it.  looking for MORE slot machines.. for sure.bars?  there's like.. 3 big ones... and NOW! a 4th bar with a stage that hosts acts every weekend..  sports book.. it's just reopened [though it never closed]  so ones sides ALL sports.. the other side is all horse racing.  all in all.. it's not so grimey as casinos can be.  it is very family friendly.. and a lot of fun with good company!
5	I was kinda worried about staying here.  Booked this hotel through Hotwire.com, whom lets you pick your star rating yet you dont know which hotel you're going to get until after you fully book and pay for your stay.  The hotel is approximately a 5 minute drive off the Las Vegas strip.  You can take an $8 shuttle to the strip, which is good ALL DAY!  The hotel itself is so nice outside and even nicer inside.  I was told that there would be a bunch of old people and cowboys there.  When i walked in, it was all walks of life, all ethnicities, young and old people there.Our room was huge for the price we paid for.  Very clean, super comfy beds and pillows and a huge bathroom.  The restaurants inside the hotel are well worth the money!  24hr cafe  with a $3.95 NY steak and eggs after 12am, oyster bar that has a super tasty $20 lobster grilled cheese and a buffet that serves FREE mimosas during brunch and bloody mary's during breakfast on the weekends.  They also have a prime rib restaurant and a tequila bar as well.Beat this, they have a 24hr bowling alley and its only $1 per game after midnight til 6am, century movie theatre and an aracade!  I definetely will come back here, spent cheap money for a high end hotel.  Dont be afraid or hesitant to stay off the strip..
4	its a good local casino and reasonable hotel rates
1	OK.  This is a dominating casino if you want to get down to business and avoid the tourists.  It's where the locals gamble.  The pit bosses and dealers are all top notch.But man, their hotel service is laughable.  This past Friday night, we stay in South Point gambling for 10 hours, until 8am; we also have 4 other households with us staying there.  Instead of looking for a cab to take us back to the strip, we opted to get a room there.  There's an old man named Larry who works at the front desk.  I couldn't believe how rude, condescending, and arrogant this guy was when all we wanted was to patronize the hotel.  He wouldn't even check look for availability for us, so I checked online and found rooms available.  He still insisted we wouldn't be able to check in until 11am.  I am under the belief that if you recommend a hotel for 4 of your relative's families, and spend 10+ hours gambling there, they should accommodate simple sleeping arrangements.Get Larry a gig at the DMV, that's where he belongs.
2	Had to use up my 2 free nights for September and when I was checking in I had the most horrible girl at the front desk. I told her I had a toddler and would love a room close to the elevator..did she give me one? NO it was literally the last room down a long ass hallway. It also overlooked the backside of the hotel where they were doing construction at 6am..woke to the sound of beep-beep-beep of trucks doing their thing.Thank god the inlaws are coming in from MIchigan and going to use the free rooms for October cuz I dont think I can handle staying here anymore..even for free.
4	I was taking my vacation there during the weekend before my flight to San Francisco. Hotel rate was sky high during weekend around the Strip. So I decided to book this hotel and rented a car from the airport. The location is not that far from rental car center, very easy to see from Las Vegas Blvd since there is nothing else around except the new M Resort down the road. Self-parking garage is attached to the hotel with elevator access and plenty of parking spots. You have to get to lobby/casino floor to be able to access hotel room elevator. Hotel staff at front desk are friendly. Check-in is pretty fast. The room is very spacious, though the view is not great. I can only see the roof of the casino and lobby from my window. More choices for the TV channel, with Hong Kong and Taiwan channel where are my favorite. I have to complain about the pillow. It is not comfortable at all. The Coronado Cafe is open 24/7, a good place for breakfast or late night food. The hotel is not as upscale as those in the Strip, but it is kind of quiet place if you would like to enjoy a get-away vacation, or if you have limited budget. By the way, the internet charge is very high. Not sure if they have free wireless service in the business center.
2	Pretty ok rooms were very nice. Fast elevators spacious parking garage or get your car valet for no extra. They just need to do a better job with there confirmations they messed up  my grandmothers room reservations so she had to bunk with someone else they admitted they made the mistake but couldn't do anything for her do to the hotel was full sucks. Then they messed up on all of our free breakfast deals smh n e who. Word to the wise confirm if your going here confirm confined confirm make sure you get peoples names you talk to on the phone and then call back at a diffrent time and talk to someone else and ask them about the details of your reservation. It shouldn't be this hard but its whatever now but I will definitely research more hotels before coming back.
4	We like the South Point Hotel and Casino.  Not only are they all inclusive with a bowling alley and movie theater on site, but they also have lots of events going on (and many of them free to attend).And like many others in Vegas, we've been enjoying free rooms, free slot play, free buffets, free ice cream, free alcohol, free souvenirs, and just lots of free stuff!First off, you get the mailer with a free room for the next three months.  Sweet!  In that mailer, you already know you get free $15 slot play (for each month), free ice cream each month, and a bunch of other BOGO free coupons for food and the like.  When you check in, you get another booklet altogether for a free buffet and free alcohol, and a few other things.  If feels like South Point is paying you to stay with them!  Sure, their pool isn't the greatest size and finding a shaded area can be challenging.  (And those windows reflect the heat like a death ray.)  But, rooms are a good size, as well as a large bathroom too.  And the shower pressure is fabulous as well!  (TV channels are limited though.) They recently redid their sports book section, expanding it which should definitely bring in more business.  And apparently lots of people can't wait until Steak N' Shake opens up in December.It's definitely not a bad choice for off the strip.
4	Here's the deal.  If you want a quiet, good-sized room, with a good bed in a resort that is large enough to have good amenities but small enough that you don't have to walk a mile to your car, this is it.  And you can't beat the price!!We got a room on the 23rd floor with a view of the mountains and the sunset, two tickets to the Showroom (The Lettermen...good show if you're of a certain age), a $20 food credit, and coupons for free drinks and BOGO meals....for $90.The room's got a good-sized flat screen, a fold-out couch with a coffee table, a small table for two.  No DVD player, pay for internet.  Bathroom's large but we found the shower a bit anemic.  All staff we encountered were helpful, friendly, and courteous.  The pull rod on our curtains fell off and was repaired by housekeeping without a special request.
4	only negative is it's off the strip or downtown.huge, beautiful property.  sometimes i'm in the mood for a quick fix of craps & sportsbook action--now i will go here instead of primm for that. been here twice & only food i've sampled is their engenius .75c  vienna beef hotdogs--they are the best weiners.  i said "weiners",  huh huh huh.   anyway, it's a 1 stop joint with bowling alley & outta control cheap liquor store & moviehouse.  gotta player's card & will hopefully get some great offers.  i played craps & slots for 4 hrs & left $200 up.  will update when i try restaurants, rooms & pool    :)
4	I have stayed at the South Point several times while staying in Vegas. It is a bit off of the Strip (which means less traffic), but it is all inclusive, so unless you are actually looking for the Strip, you don't need to go anywhere. They've got bowling, bingo, movie theater, (obviously a Casino), several great restaurants, and the list goes on.  I saw a betting place too, but that's not my thing.One of my personal favorites is the daily Texas Hold Em tournament.  I have won it a few times, and it's a decent priced buy in ($55?)It is one of the newer properties as well so it is still kind of clean.On one of our visits, they were doing some maintenance and we didn't get the memo that there would be a power outage in the middle of the night.  If I didn't wear a CPAP (sleep apnea device) I wouldn't have even noticed.The rooms are very affordable and if you get on their email list and join their players club, you will be invited back at even lower rates (and you don't have to be a big spender to get the discounts).For a reasonable priced Vegas hotel, it is at the top of my list.
3	I point to the SOUTH POINT! We love this hotel and all the promotions it has. Last few months we got free rooms, free dinner, free icecream ext. We had so much fun and really cheap date nights! I really like how this hotel caters to the locals as well. We always see people we know there. The buffet is ok...I would not pay to go unless I got 2 for 1. GVR and M are way better but the price is much lower here. Its a decent place to go if your there anyways.I heard Michaels restaurant is suppose to be amazing! I have never tried it but out love too eventually. Maybe on our next free stay-cation.Also, I am a big fan of their spa as well. They have great locals discounts (usually %20 off Sund- Thurs). They use to have juice and coffee out for you to drink but now you have to ask for it. I guess that they said their staff was stealing it over night....still I like when you use to be able to just get them as you liked. Overall, we really like this hotel..especially when they send us free room and there other awesome promotions!South Point has a good point - Locals!!
2	This place is your run of the mill older / outskirt large casino. Comparable to a Coast casino or something like that if you are picking up what I'm throwing down.It's great for a cheap game of craps and a way to spend some time with old folks. After my experience I'm not sure if I'd throw anymore money at the food here, but at least they've got a theater to burn some time at too.
3	I'm not particularly emotionally-invested in the South Point, and they already have like a thousand reviews, so I'm just gonna keep this one to bullets.PROS-Decent movie theatre, and it's not a Regal-Decent late-night coffee shop-Cheap place-Pretty OK rooms, especially when the price is consideredCONS-lackluster gaming (no full-pay video poker, for example)-so-so food -parking is often a hassle and a walk, and the valet isn't quick-it feels like a giant, discount gambling warehouse.And that last one is the one that seals it up for me. For whatever reason, I don't particularly like being in there. Doesn't mean I don't go, I just don't enjoy it very much. So yeah, pretty much the definition of 3 stars, as far as I'm concerned.
3	Cheap roomsLow minimum bets if you gamble24 hour bowling alleyMovie theaterCrowd isn't the bestDecently far from the strip.Sandwich shop is delicious
4	South Point is by and large one of my top three spots to visit when all I want to do is gamble. Currently, my gambling fixes have been best served by off-the-strip venues (Silverton, South Point, and Green Valley) so I've been putting aside at least one off-the-strip day per trip and allotting the rest to drunkenly roaming the strip. The tables are plentiful and it's usually not difficult to find a seat for blackjack or a spot to throw craps. There are plenty of slots and there's always a seat open (and, to biased, the machines here have been good to me). Also, the bingo's just too much fun. With games lasting about 45 minutes and a minimum bet of $4 required, this is a great place to spend some time on little money, with the chance of winning some cash. The bingo room is huge, but comfortable. It also has its own cocktail service with complimentary drinks (and donuts at the 9am game) so I loaded up. However, in retrospect, getting drunk while bingo-ing challenges one's ability to quickly stamp the boxes! The only thing I've noticed is that the cocktail service on the gaming floor is a bit slow- even sparse. In all my visits, I've only been able to get a drink once. It's definitely worth it to join their mailing list for updates. We lucked out this week and happened to show up on their 5-year anniversary, which they celebrated by all-days pour of champagne, slices of cake, and 5x points on machines!
4	We didn't stay here, we just came down to watch the rodeo w/ friends in the ballroom.From what I saw, the place was really nice. They had complimentary snacks set up in the ballroom for all of the people who were watching the rodeo. The other places we've watched the rodeo at don't do that (Thanks Southpoint!!).
1	Stopped here on the way out of town.  1.  Almost all the slot machines might as well have come from the fire sale at Binions downtown.  They were old.2.  We've heard the buffet is outstanding.  We'll never know, the line was excruciatingly long.  Only two cashiers working at a multiple cashier station.3.  Coffee Shop:  Again with only one cashier at a two cashier station.  There was a line of 15 people snaking through the dining area waiting to pay on the way out.  This is inexcuseable . . . when's the first or last time you've seen that?4.  Food at Coffee Shop:  Bland smothered in tasteless.  I had the open faced turkey sandwich.  The dressing had no sage, no poultry seasoning, no salt.  Gorgeous had poached eggs soft and they came out hard, twice.No need to stop here again.
4	When visitors from out of town ask "Where can we stay that has reasonable room rates, good gambling, good food, and near the Strip?"......I tell them South Point.  Here's why:- Low room rates compared to the Strip.- Great gambling options.....$5 Blackjack, low min bet Craps & Roulette, nice payouts on Video Poker, decent selection of slot machines, generous player's club rewards.- Good food.  Their Deli, Steak n Shake, Mexican, and other restaurants are very good and not too expensive.- Movie Theaters.- Equestrian arena.This is such a well built and run property.  The only gripe I have is the surface lot self-parking is far away from the entrance of the casino.  However, it won't stop me from coming back!
4	Review is for the casino only:I've only been to the South Point four or five times.  It's a nice, wide open space, with good spacing for walking the aisles of the casino.  The staff has been very nice.  I spoke on the phone to a woman at the slot club after the hotel went from Boyd to Gaughn, and she was an absolute delight explaining what I needed to do to redeem a freebie left over from the Boyd days.It seems like the place is so far from where I live, but with its fine location, I can be there in about 20 minutes from home, so ti's really not that bad.After my experience with the show and some gaming last night, I'll be returning more often!
5	I booked a single night at the South Point Casino and I was very pleased with the room itself.  It is what you would expect from a 4 star hotel with very nice tiles, sheets, lighting, and ceiling to floor windows.  Beds were decently comfortable, I have slept in better beds, but I was able to get a good nights sleep.  As for the casino as a whole, pretty darn cool if I do say so myself.  As others have said, the hotel is all inclusive: Century Theaters, Equestrian facility (which is apparently the best in the US), plenty of restaurants, BINGO hall, and really good slots.  I would definitely book again with South Point next time I am in Vegas.
4	I love the South Point!Bowling alley, movie theatre, a 24-hour cafe with awesome late-night specials (CHEAAAAAAAAAAAP! Oh, and then there's some pretty decent Chinese food!), the new addition of the Steak n Shake, the not-too-frilly pool area, the HUGE convention center, very low room rates, and decent buffet.The South Point definitely delivers. It's even better living right down the street from it, too. I most often come here with my boyfriend to dine at the Coronado Cafe, or watch a movie! I don't gamble very much, so this off-the-strip casino is not only convenient entertainment when friends (of age, or not) come into town, but even just to hang out and catch a bite.On a side note, although I don't gamble/bet, i think it's very nice how they have a "Race Book" and a "Sports Book" now. Fitting for an equestrian-geared hotel/casino.
1	DONT EVER STEP INTO THIS HOTEL AGAIN NO MATTER WHAT!We arrived on Wed nite and check in around 11:00pm, there is a big sign saying the pool is underconstruction.  (ok fine its winter, we dont need a pool) But they gave us a room on the 2nd floor right next to the pool and at 7am in the morning they start drilling the pool right outside the room.  We went downstairs and complaint and they said oh they didnt tell u the pool is underconstruction... Yeap they do but they did not tell us that OUR ROOM IS NEXT TO THE POOL... Finally they move us to the 21st floor and i ask about the internet since i used the nite before, they said it will get transfer, we said OK.... And then after 3 nites staying at the hotel.  We check out and they bill us 1 day more for the internet, since I change room and sign on internet for the same day, and they wont take it off until we talk to the manager but the manager insisting that we need to pay for the internet, and i told her those charges occuring within 24 hours for 2 x the internet fee, without any apology she then deducted it unwilling.  Without anyone greeting us when we check in or out.  This will never happen on any hotel on the stripe.PS... the highlight is the Cafe (the coffee shop) there.... we ordered 2 breakfast with hot tea.  The tea came in is not Hot and i was thinking maybe I add honey and lemon to it.. and then when i open the teapot, its with leftover mold and white pearl like stuff to the bottom of the pot, I have drink the whole cups of tea from that and its feels very slimy while the one that my friend has another tea was with a leftover teabag inside.  We immediately call the server, and she just wanna quickly took our pots away and pretending nothing happen. And we call the manager and the manager call the security but just to file a report.... My stomach still feel sick everytime i think of as what kind of water and whats in the pot
4	*****1100th REVIEW*****Stayed here for New Year's Eve weekend '11, so glad to be off the actual strip. It was a nice hotel and it was fairly equipped with a bowling center, a few bars, a movie theatre, an oyster bar and late night specials at the cafe! South Point does deliver! They do have a large parking garage. The rooms were nice and spacious. We took advantage of the low rates and plus it was nice that my best friend's cousin works at this hotel and she got us a good rate!
3	RIDE 'EM COWBOYMy favorite part about South Point is showing up in wrangler jeans, a tucked in plaid shirt, a cowboy hat, and talking in a fake southern accent while pretending to be a Professional Bull Rider.But seriously. The food here is very meh, but the Steak n' Shake addition was good. Craps has good odds.Something about this casino turns me off, but it's so close to my house so I'll play a little poker here.I'll always come here when the PBR circuit comes into town so I can feel better about myself. Is that a horrible thing to say?
3	My review is completely based on the gaming area.Not one of the ATMs on the casino floor would take my card, I have no idea why. It worked everywhere else. Oh well, I eventually found a machine upstairs near the bowling alley. It was only a $3 charge to boot.I like the fact that it's off the strip, more open machines and free spots at cheap tables. I won a bit of money here that always sweetens the deal but that doesn't affect my review in any way. The seafood joint smelled awful, and the rest of the restaurants didn't look too good either.I'll return for some more off the strip fun.
3	We stayed here one night during NYE weekend to avoid traffic and they had the best rates. This is one of those places that although not super luxurious, it would be a more pricey hotel if they were on the main part strip (or closer to). I thought the rooms were comfy and well kept. Although I was a little creeped out by all the horse pictures...... We really enjoyed going bowling late at night and trying out some of their dining options. Specially Stake n Shake. That was worthwhile wait!Service is great and they always send out great deals (including FREE nights!).
4	I feel like by now people must think I'm so weird since my reviews for Vegas hotels are so hit and miss between the good/the bad and the ugly, but really South Point is quite a nicer property than it's been made out to be.First of all, I have yet to find another hotel with Bath and Body works products. Score?!?! Although I love boutique hotels with their hard to pronounce soaps and shampoos that's got little grids on the bars or some scrubber thing, but B&Bworks simply smells great. I love the smell of the shower / bathroom after because its so fragrant. This may not be the best reason to love a hotel but what the heck.The tables here are similar to what I experienced at the Excalibur, sans massive amounts of smoke and suffocation, the air conditioning / filtration is actually quite good. I haven't eaten here, because by this time I've decided to use money saved towards finer dining but they had some great late night cheap eats.It's clean, it's comfortable, it's a departure from the madness of the strip, so you will have to drive a bit but it's a far cry better than the Luxor if that was your second choice.
4	The very best for polite staff, clean hotel, away from The Strip and more things to do besides gamble.This hotel is roughly ten miles south of the Vegas Strip. My wife and I had a blast here this week.  Great room rates, 24 hour bowling, good food in the Garden Buffet, nice staff, free self & valet parking, and most of all to us...a very, very clean and well kept hotel.I have to take off one star because they need to offer free internet access and free access to the gym.  There is a 12.99 daily fee for internet and a 15.00 daily fee for the gym.  However, when you check in they give you a voucher for a free lunch buffet, three free games of bowling, a free cocktail and a free gift at the souvenir shop.Overall, I will be back at South Point for those times I want to get away to Las Vegas without staying on the Strip.Trust me on this one...
1	I live within a few blocks of the South Point and have eaten at their Buffet several times in the last couple of years. It's always been decent, clean and worth the money, although I always eat way too much. That's what a buffet is for, right ?Today was a sad example of how bad a buffet can get. I broke my own rule by going to a buffet that had no one in line, so I walked right in. That should have told me something. All of the hot items I tried were basically tepid in temperature and looked as if they had been sitting a while. I had a piece of what I thought was key lime pie but wasn't and it was warm, when it should have been cold. The breakfast items were OK; after all, what you can do to breakfast? I had a piece of something called Chicken Florentine which didn't look too bad sitting there but then I sliced into it and a portion of the chicken was pinkish, which is one thing that I can't stand. I guess it disappoints me that a place I've been several times was so bad this afternoon.  There are enough buffets within 5-6 miles of me that this will likely be the last time I go to the South Point to eat, at least at their buffet. The one positive thing is that the service was good...the server kept my drink filled and the plates cleared.
4	This is a great place !! close to home , has movies , dinning , drinking , gaming , ect... If i could just check in and never check out that would be great !! Mexican restaurant up stares is great , but don't order the margaritas unless its top shelf because they taste bad . right out side is a tequila bar ! the show room is small but great seats all around . has a bar and restroom in showroom. sports book is very nice - now if i could just WIN !!
4	I give this place four stars but I think it's really a 3 1/2 star hotel. The rooms were clean, large and nicely decorated. The TV was a regular flat screen, obviously not HD (the picture was all fuzzy). We did not try the room service but while flipping through the book I noticed the prices were fair.The check-in process was painless and we were given two coupon books. We also upgraded to a room with a "view" for an extra ten bucks per night; which was fine because I wasn't in the mood to look at a dirty concrete wall or parking lot. We ate the buffet for one dinner and one lunch. The lunch was free (thank you coupon book) and the dinner was $15 per person plus we had a coupon for a free bottle of wine. The buffet wasn't the Wynn but neither were the prices. It was good enough to fill up before going out on the town. The casino itself was pretty smoky smelling but no points taken off. We played a few games of bingo in the bingo room. Got two free alcoholic drinks, sat, and played for a about 1 1/2 hours. We were probably the youngest ones there but oh well...we were getting a little taste of our future retirement days.All in all, we will stay here again. Recommend for anyone who has children-bowling alley and movie theater on premises.
4	***Inexpensive tables in a not-too-shabby casino; South Point also features the popular middle-of-the-country burger chain Steak & Shake***South Point is a lower priced hotel and casino near the Las Vegas Strip (a lot closer to Vegas than Stateline or Whiskey Pete's).  The casino features a wide variety of gaming and had several restaurants on-site.  I saw a lot of advertising for Steak & Shake on the drive in and maybe because of that, the restaurant had a very long line.  This is the furthest west I've seen a Steak & Shake (I thought they came only as west as Texas).The gaming tables are low with $3 minimum bets, but they dispense mostly $5 chips.  Still, your money can go longer here (and I was fortunate enough to win here on this trip).  For a Saturday afternoon, the casino had a good number of customers, but it was not too crowded.  Because of the smaller crowd, the smokiness of the casino was not too bad.The staff was pleasant.  And maybe somewhat surprising (to me at least) was that the cocktail waitresses (at least on this visit) seemed more attractive than the ones I saw at the big Strip casinos that same weekend.South Point is a good last gambling stop before heading back to Los Angeles.  For non-gaming Vegas activities, you are probably not going to find much of that here.  For food, I am not familiar with a lot of the options (they may just be bad hotel restaurants) so you should probably try Steak & Shake first.  Good or bad, it will give you an opportunity to try a steakburger chain that is popular in the Midwest.A large parking lot and a large structure are adjacent to the casino (free parking).
4	We went to South point for Nye and it was nice very nice love bathroom and huge window but most of all the  full length mirror. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful the tables were VERY cheap ! The only two complaints I have is the shuttle I'm not sure because it was Nye but they were very disorganized when it to being picked up they didn't pick us up where they said they would it help when you have rude people jumping line after you've waited a half hour. My complaint is the buffet lol being drunk I want to eat at all hours lol I think they closed around 1:00am NOT COOL ! we settled for a little hole in the wall place in there we got pizza and wings. The wings got me sick :(. With all that being said I would stay there again the hotel was more of a older crowd I think we were the youngest ones there. We didn't care we all had a BLAST!
4	Though kind of far from everything else, this hotel has almost everything and I dont think they want you to leave - i.e., bowling alley, movie theater, CHEAP GOOD FOOD - like what people used to say about the old Las Vegas.Definitely a nice 4* Hotel and very well built - i.e., quiet, you wont hear your neighbors t.v., ect unlike some other inferrior hotels like the  vegas marriot or embassy suites.
4	Gotta love the South Point. Great rates, nice clean rooms. Now I begin my love affair with this casino, they just opened a STEAK N SHAKE AAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!
4	Huge room, very clean, decent food. I'm not a Vegas expert but this is definitely a decent place if you want to have a good time with friends, avoid the pretty people on the strip and don't mind a few Rascal related accidents next to the slot machines.Here for the NCAA tourney and so far so good.Good movie theater too.
3	I hate to hate, but who designed the hideously unflattering cocktail waitress uniforms? They are just...no. I can get past the outdated decor with the random floral paneling, but I was just depressed by the whole cocktail waitress situation. They clearly weren't happy to be wearing those abominations, and I wasn't happy to be seeing them. Nobody was happy.But if you can get past that, The South Point does have countless movie theaters, an equestrian show, a bowling alley, a bar where all tequila drinks (including sizable shots of Don Julio and other premium tequilas!) are $2 at happy hour, and most importantly, $5 blackjack and craps.Translation: If you don't mind being away from the Strip, get drunk and gamble here. It's a good time.
5	The South Point Hotel and Casino is simply one of the best values in Las Vegas, bar none!  Hotel prices are terrific (from a low of $30-50 mid-week to perhaps $75-90 on weekends), great food pricing and comps, lots of choices, and for families, a multi-plex movie theater and bowling alley.  The casino is tolerable with the smoking, they have a pretty good air filtration system, but you can still smell some smoke.  The table and slot odds and payouts are the best I've found in Vegas.However what makes this property head and shoulders above everyone else is the service.  The staff here is terrific!  From the valet parkers when you arrive, to the front desk crew, casino service staff, food service staff, you see nothing but smiles and a sense of welcome.  Even the housekeeping staff, when you pass them in the hallway, there is the smile and the "hello".  Kudos to whoever does the hiring at this property, they obviously get it when it comes to customer service.Also, unless you want to venture out to the Strip and/or Downtown, you don't have to fight the congestion that's called Las Vegas Blvd., so there's that too!
4	Pretty good stay, beautiful place but the bed sucked last 2 times we were there.
5	i looked up owner Michael Gaughan on wikipedia.  all i found out is he owns the airport slots & loves horses.  finally spending a night & having a room, i have my theories on the man:  he must be at least 50yrs old, worked in the industry most of his life & when he created southpoint, he utilized all his experience & smarts to build his dream hotel/casino.  well done.  being far from the strip gave him all the room/real estate to do things right, & big.  casino is gigantic, with high ceilings. tasteful decor everywhere.  so much room for many restaurants, huge hotel rooms, bowling alley, movie theatre multiplex, equestrian center.  gigantic sportsbook.  beautiful/fun casino floor.   my $35 room thru the players club was deluxe & huge & roomy.  had couch, coffee table , big bathroom & bigscreen.  next st patricks day i'm staying here & avoiding the super-crowded strip & deuce bus.   this place has everything i need.  reasonably-priced restaurants.  i dined at coronado cafe twice & got the $12 prime rib both times.  Mr Gaughan adds the nice touch of multiple gimmicks like .75c vienna beef hotdogs & super-inexpensive liquor store.  everything here is done near perfectly with pride. strip & airport shuttle.  no resort fee. my friend bitched that there's a gym fee & i said 'hey, most people don't use it, so i appreciate there not being a resort fee to cover it like many hotels have.'   one of my favorite classy properties to visit.  nothing has ever pissed me off the 5 times i've visited
4	Located at the end of the strip, I can see people completely skipping by this place. There's nothing too flashy from the outside like a pyramid at Luxor or the Eiffel Tower at Paris, but the building can easily be mistaken for any of the other big name hotels on the strip with gold tinted windows.I stayed here with my family during Spring Break and the rooms we got were super nice. Huge beds, clean room, flat screen, and a nice view overlooking the pool beneath (One un-heated, one heated, and one hot tub).I really didn't like that there wasn't free wifi and the fitness room cost an additional $20 or so, but I guess in Vegas, everything's gotta cost something right?I'd would stay here again and be happy :) Not overcrowded like many of the other hotels I stayed at.
4	My wife and I are "free play" whores.  If we get an offer for $10 or more in free play...unless its a ridiculous drive like Aliante...we're there. Match play?  Sure!  I'll take a one hand flyer on a singledeck 21 table! It seems like 100 pts on the video poker machine gets you on the mailing list for most places.  We were still surprised when South Point sent us $240 in combined free play for the month of March.  So we just hit up the super times nickel video poker machines, have a few drinks and cash out after hitting 15 points or so.  I did hit a club royal (2nd one ever) which was nice.  We're total free play mooches.  Whatever...they send out the offer!!  And I hope they keep coming!!  Thanks for looking out for the cheap assed locals!!
4	I don't know why there's two entries for South Point... but the following is my review off the other [identical] one:Located at the end of the strip, I can see people completely skipping by this place. There's nothing too flashy from the outside like a pyramid at Luxor or the Eiffel Tower at Paris, but the building can easily be mistaken for any of the other big name hotels on the strip with gold tinted windows.I stayed here with my family during Spring Break and the rooms we got were super nice. Huge beds, clean room, flat screen, and a nice view overlooking the pool beneath (One un-heated, one heated, and one hot tub).I really didn't like that there wasn't free wifi and the fitness room cost an additional $20 or so, but I guess in Vegas, everything's gotta cost something right?I'd would stay here again and be happy :) Not overcrowded like many of the other hotels I stayed at.
1	overpriced for what it offered. Included in the cost of the hotel room: room + in-room coffee + parking garage + coupon book for discounts on meals & drinks at casino facilities + pool + airport shuttle -- but only if you make a reservation 24 hours in advance and/or are willing to sit around the airport til the next one arrives, which could be 1.5 hours.NOT included in the cost of the hotel room:1. transportation to the strip ($8/day per person); the hotel shuttle runs hourly, without increased frequency during peak times, and has limited seating capacity. The hotel is 4 miles south of the strip, which translates to a $30 cab ride each way if the pay-to-ride hotel shuttle doesn't meet your scheduling needs or stop where you want to go on the Strip (note: it only stops in 3 locations, starting with Treasure Island on the northern end of the Strip, then City Center, then Excalibur; if you want to hit places like Mandalay Bay, you'll be on the shuttle for upwards of 40 minutes waiting for it to get to the Excalibur stop).2. access to the gym. $15 per day, or more for gym + spa access (note: spa access gets you into the spa facility; you need to pay for actual services)3. any meals. no complimentary breakfast, not even a crappy continental breakfast.4. Internet access: $15/day.Casino was smoky (the filters to reduce smoke were clearly below-grade, because casinos on the Strip didn't have this problem), which meant every public place on the 1st floor of the property reeked of smoke -- buffets, deli, bars, sports book, etc.Food quality: Only dined at the Del Mar Deli and the buffet, both of which produced mediocre food. Same caliber as something you could get at Denny's. Possible perks for those who take advantage of them: 24-hour, 64-lane bowling alley ($3+ per game + shoe rental) and full-size Century Theaters movie complex (standard ticket rates).I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, not even as a cheap alternative to higher-priced hotels on the Strip. For cost savings, I'd recommend off-brand hotels just off the Strip like the Courtyard by Marriott & its adjoining facilities. At least gym access and continental breakfast typically is included at those properties, and although they may not offer free shuttles to the Strip, the cab fare won't cost you the equivalent of a meal.
4	Steak and eggggggs on point.
4	I really liked the hotel it reminded me of an updated copy of the Orleans casino also off the strip.The rooms are huge, beds very comfortable,a nice LG lcd tv a name brand that looks and sounded good, and a nice 2 room bathroom. Plenty of good eats, a Century theater, and a nice bowling alley, the pool area is nice but like all new hotel pools way to shallow. When you sign up for a club card which you can do as you check in they give you a coupon book that will save you some cash.Plenty of coctail watreisses our serving you on the floor, and it shows the place is hopping. The Vegas strip is awesome with some amazing shows and food, but the shopping is a freaking joke and your chance of winning a few bucks in those houses are brutal.
4	I been here many times when I trip to Las Vegas for business, this hotel is not located on the strip, however, it's worth the drive.  Room is clean, decor with nice high end furniture, big flat screen TV, nice firm mattress...and only pay at half price of what everyone else will pay to stay on the stip....if you drive to Las Vegas, South Point Hotel and Casino is highly recommended.
5	.., Off the strip, but not off the map! We "sacrificed" dealing w/ the valet lines, parking, & traffic for our own little private casino.., South Point! Just a 5-10 min drive to the strip, this hotel & casino has alot going on. They have a bowling alley w/ 60 or so lanes, a 24hr. restaurant, a Steak n' Shake restaurant from the midwest, movie theatres, & pool. Our room was really nice for what we paid. Now club members we want to take advantage of all the great offers. Great food, friendly staff, & great prices on drinks! My gf Diane & I played blackjack w/ a $5 buy in. Our dealer Billy was awesome, he was totally cool & made it entertaining. We will definately come back!
5	I love this place! Being that I'm not 20 something this place is quiet enough for me. The room is 500sq. feet! It has a nice bathroom and the toilet has a door, for those private moments, you know what I mean. I stayed at $35.00 dollars a night, 42" TV, large living room area. The room service is 24hrs and the condiments are in glass bottles! Even the Tabasco sauce and Hienz catsup. They have real glasses, coffee maker and pens and stationary. There also a fun book for each of their guest. The closets have doors. Buffets ok cafe is good and I will be back. If I want to see little girls in 4" heels and silly boys in MMA Tshirts who probably can't fight and have more earrings than their girlfriend I'll go downtown or the strip!! No noisy air conditioners.
5	I love this place for many reasons:#1: It's decent pricing (average $80/night) especially for the quality of the hotel and rooms...it's not remotely cheap looking!  It is off the strip 10 minutes so that's probably why it's not as expensive#2: The drinks are cheap and stiff at the 4 or 5 bars in the casino.  My friend Len bought us 4 a round of drinks consisting of 3 beers, 2 mixed drinks, and 2 shots..all for $27 (that's f*cking cheap for Vegas standards)!!  #3: There's a bowling alley and Sunday-Thursday starting at 12am bowling is $1 and the beers are $2..yup!#4: There's a movie theatre for underagers to still have a good time.#5: There's a Steak and Shake, which is a hamburger diner that is amazing (although the line is always long) and is also good for ballers going to Vegas on a budget!#6: The Coronado Cafe is here and from 12am-6am, you can get a hearty meal of 7 oz. steak, eggs, and toast for a whopping $3.95...no joke!  We had it both nights we were here.#7: The tables are cheaper than on the strip..$5 minimum and the dealers are super friendly..what up Billy!#8: Although we didn't swim in their huge ass resort looking pool because of the weather, it's a pretty shiek pool with 2 surrounding big spas for a good few people to party in.#9: Did I mention drinks are cheap!?#10: You can check out from your tv..how convenient is that not having to go to the front desk?!We're definitely gonna be regulars here whenever we hit Vegas ;)
5	Arrived around 10pm and we got bumped up to a suite with no extra charge! Loved it and it was so clean! The pool area is great for families especially young ones. Our kids loved the kiddie pool! Restaurants were vegas restaurants. Liked that they had a 24 hour bowling alley and movie theatre.Overall, a great place off the strip!
1	Very disappointed! #1. As one yelp review said, "It's off the strip, but definitely not off the map!" It's about a 10 minute drive to the strip. It can be a pain driving back and forth to and from the strip! From my hotel room you were able see the strip! It's so teeny-tiny, but you can see it! #2 It's right off the freeway! With Plenty of parking for FREE! #3. Can't beat the price! $40 something a night for a room is a steal! seriously it's "ballers on a budget going to Vegas"#4. After I checked in... walked to my room only for find that the room was OVER booked. seriously??raced downstairs to the check in area and explained what happened. They apologized and offered a complimentary dinner to the Garden Buffet. Initially, I was excited because it was a) a buffet and b) it was free! The Garden buffet is disgusting. ugggggh...
3	A couple years ago, I would've given this place only 2 stars. But it seems to have gotten better and I'm liking it more and more. It will never be like one of the other Strip casinos, but it's decent. Lower room rates, spacious parking, great movie theater, decent gaming, good bowling alley, and Steak 'n' Shake. So yeah, it's a-ok. A good place for locals to hang and a good place for visitors to stay.
4	This place has "All That Glitters" -- my go to penny slot machine. How can I not like this place? I'd like it more if there were more than just one "All That Glitters" machine, but that one machine is so close to Coronado Cafe that while my party waits in line, I can watch those cascading reels syncopate to the beat of my excited little heart.The casino itself isn't too bad. I've seen the rooms and they are nice -- definitely nicer than several of the rooms on the strip. They have really good late night food and they have a Seattle's Best Coffee that serves Selma's cookies (that are very tasty).I'd give them 5 stars if they had a section with just "All That Glitters". Seriously.
4	It was first time in Vegas, and it was awesome! At first I was a little disappointed this place was so far from the strip, but really this place has everything you need! Plus $5 dollar black jack $1 roulette, which I won multiple times!If I'm gonna spend $500 I might as well make it last awhile!Oh, for those of you who bring your children to Vegas... This city is not a place for a family vacation!!! I was over whelmed with all the kids I saw walking the strip and the hotel. Dancers in windows, Mexicans snapping  there escort cards (fully naked by the way), everyone walking around is hammered, even the bills boards are sexual, half naked cocktail waitresses walking everywhere... Does this really sound like a family vacation kinda place?Back to south point, awesome place. I will be staying again!
4	We came to this place to watch the mini-horse competition (They have an indoor area).  This place is about 10 min drive from the strip right off the I215.  It was easy to find and TONS of free parking.  Sweet!  They have a large casino floor and it is an open lay out.  They have a few restaurants:  Buffet, Cafe, Restaurant (nicer), hot dog vendor ($0.75), Deli, and a steak n shake.  Movie theaters and bowling alley.  Things here are very cheap compared to the strip.
1	I've been here a bunch of times being local and finally felt compelled to write a review after coming to the conclusion that the folks working here just don't really seem happy to be here.  Particularly the dealers.  Last night our table was up around 4k total amongst us and the dealer was so into herself and generally terrible that she had $2 in tips beside her.  The dealers before and after her were pretty equally terrible.  On numerous occassions i've been asked personal questions by the dealers which seems strange and inappropriate as well.  Am I playing blackjack or speed dating???WTF South point dealers LOL.Also, the main floor is friggin smokey!  Cocktail waitress outfits are ridiculous.Positives:1.  Smoke free, large-ish poker room (not enough action though)2.  Spaz-matics 3.  Steak and Shake onsite!4.  Easier to get in/out than the strip
1	Service sucks here especially the front desk manager (Hernandez). She made me wait over two hours for a phone charger I had left behind. Food was good, but the place is way off the strip. Luckily, I only stayed here one night.
3	This is a nice cheap hotel to stay in while visiting Las Vegas if you're on a budget. I've stayed here about 3 times and the rooms were always clean and in good shape. There's a nice bowling area, movie theater, buffet, casino, and concert area in this hotel. The pool area is also pretty nice to wind down after spending the day on the strip.The Garden buffet is pretty decent for a buffet. I would definitely go early to the buffet as it gets really crazy in there (people fighting for trays and food). My only gripe with this place is that the shuttle service they provided before is no longer in effect (shuttle would drop everyone off at the Mandalay Bay until 12am). Plan on getting a rental car if you're not a local, or spend an hour or more on some dirty city bus to get you there.This place gets a great deal of business, so any rooms you may have reserved from a third party site should be followed up with a phone call to a front desk associate.
4	I love this hotel!! I have stayed at Mandalay Bay, The Rio, Imperial Palace (yikes!) New York New York... So I have definatly been around Vegas. Southpoint is one of my favs. It's far enough off the strip to enjoy a break from the crazy strip.. But close enough to go back anytime u feel like it.. Provided u have a car. We drive back and forth to Vegas so this hotel is perfect. Everyone who works here is friendly and helpful. The deals are so worth it and the food at Cornado Cafe, Del Mar Deli, and Garden Buffet is great. Oh and the ice cream parlor has THE BEST BANANA SPLITS!! I have stayed here four times and my only complaint is that they changed the bath products and one of them had lavender in it (I am horribly allergic). I am already planning our next trip and because the rates are unsanely affordable we are able to come back to Vegas more often.
4	Oyster bar is great! The drinks were cheaper than on.the vegas strip.. Def coming bk here
5	South Point kicks arse, i haven't stayed in their rooms but i come here to gamble and drink. The only thing it's missing is people walking around in their Vegas best shirts with rhinestones and sunglasses at night.
4	Roomy, modern rooms and fun pool and hot tub. Great alternative to smoky old strip hotels. Moderately price.
4	Our first time at this hotel, will definitely be back..rates are great during te week, $49 for a huge room, nicely furnished, huge bathroom, pool area looks great, restaurant prices a bit on the high side, but hey its a hotel.  Only downside is far south on the Strip if you want to get out and walk.  Not a problem for us, not gamblers nor fans of the strip.  Free parking.  Wifi a bit pricey at $12.95 per day, but I don't really gamble so cheaper for me to hang online than to gamble, lol.I would highly recommend staying here IF you have a car to get around and don't mind staying so far south of the Strip.
4	South point is an awesome casino. They pretty much have anything you can ask for. They have a nice clean bowling alley, and after midnight on the weekdays you can play for $1 a game (without the shoe rental). They also have a clean, not so crowded movie theatre to catch your favorite flick. On Friday nights all the bars in the casino have $2 drinks! Yup, any drink you want for just two bucks not including tip.The food here is good as well. The Oyster Bar has some delicious seafood. Sitting at the bar here is recommended since they crack and prepare the oysters and clams right in front of you (yum yum!). And the famous southern Stake and Shake made it's first appearance here in the west coast at south point. Burgers are awesome but the shakes are amazing. I've never had a better ice cream shake.Prices are really good as well. The only reason I didn't give this place a full five stars is that on the weekends this place gets packed. The parking lots and valet both get filled pretty fast on some nights.UPDATE: From what I've been hearing, they do not do the Friday night Happy Hour anymore.
5	Always great prices and great service and value and a great casino run the old school way by Michael Gaughan. Greg fisher is a great casino manager.
1	Not really a big fan of this hotel. Hugh went here last week and the Hotel is miles off the strip. Its a $40 cab ride each way as there is construction on I15 and on the south part of the strip.The shuttle sucks as its tiny and always full. The hotel told me is was a free shuttle but thats total bollocks it's 8 dollars and stops running around 1am. If you are a clubber like myself 1am is early. The casino stinks like an ashtray and seems to attract alot of oldtimers and gypies. The rooms are OK but the showers are tiny.It is a reasonable price but not worth it. We also had no water for 4hrs on the 9th floor so I had to go and shower downstairs in the spa area. One last thing is the room cleaners just knock once and barge straight in. Hugh was doing the business and had to dive off and go and dead bolt the door..Its not worth the grief here pay a little more and get a hotel further up the strip.
4	She got le-e-e-gs, she knows how to use it.  I'm talking about the scantily clad waitresses in the gambling area. They stick out especially in this well lighted, colorful casino south of the strip. Like most casinos, most of the waitresses are beautiful, and can really enhance even an ugly man's gambling experience.  At least there is beauty while losing money. Obviously, the layout is such that you are tempted to gamble if you eat, sleep, or be entertained there.  After all, your loss is the house's gain, wherever you are in Vegas. We stayed here on a work conference.  Being off the strip is great and horrible.  if you're like me, the strip is OK, but it's old hat because I've been visiting relatives here monthly for about 4 years. You can enjoy a meal and some entertainment by old pop music and comedic artists, hang out at the bar, go watch a movie, go bowling, or people watch.  Then turn in to your pretty quiet, nice rooms with ironing board, flat screen TV, loveseat, and table.  They have no bedspread - yay!  Most bedspreads even in the fanciest hotels have "body fluids" residue on them.  Gag but not here. The bathroom has willow and green tea something...I guess it was shampoo, but it looked like tea. Definitely a chick ordered those. There is a hair dryer and adjustable climate controls,  This room was be fine for most single travelers or couples. I like that they make you show your room key as you approach the elevators.  They also have security cameras on every floor.  If you're a young person or couple, and you want some touristy action, this place sucks.  Once you step outside, there is nothing.  If you want to watch and be watched, you are better off staying at the strip at double the price as this room I'm in. There is a shuttle that goes to the strip, though. They charge $13 a day for internet access. Too pricey in my opinion, so I am taking off a half star for that;  I also am taking off a half star because you have to walk so far through the casino and by so many smokers to get into the hotel section.  We decided not to eat here, but they have a few places to eat, including a coffee shop and a buffet.  We decided to eat at the Italian place across the street. A co worker says the pool is pretty cool. There is also a gift shop and snack bar near the elevator. Lots of people were buying liquor - maybe the gambling isn't so good here? It's all just okay - a decent hotel if you mainly want to gamble and sleep. So why 4 stars?  At the $39 group room rate for the middle of the week in May, even divey hotels near the strip can't touch this price.  (And I wouldn't touch some of those divey motels without gloves.)
4	The south point itself is a great bargain. I lost about a hundred in the casino and I wish they gave free internet but otherwise it's not a bad place. The arcade is fun though. The bowling alley and movie theater is also really nice. It has things for people of all ages. The room was also nice and we just got a basic king room but it had a flat screen in it. The BEST thing about south point though is Michael's Gourmet room. If you do anything, make a reservation and go! They were a little pricey but the lobster was the best! They also gave us a slice of strawberry shortcake for dessert because we were getting married. On top of that they gave us a huge bowl of fruit and a platter of chocolate covered fruit! I am so pleased my husband promised me we can go back for our one year anniversery.
4	This is a nice place, for being so far off the Strip. Big rooms, nice bathroom separated from the sink area. Clean and bright...like a hotel room should be, so no extra points there. They've got a lot of things going on aside from the hotel rooms themselves...an equestrian center, movie theater, etc. All stuff I didn't try, but I'm sure it was good. Steak n' Shake helps their cause. Free drinks while you gamble is nice too (I'm not much of a gambler, though...don't all the hotels do that?) Free shuttle service to and from the hotel. It's just a nice place to be if you want to be away from the Strip and have enough to do at the hotel itself not to get bored. I would return.
1	This is for the lunch buffet only. One word: avoid...My parents are locals, so I always try to roll with them while here. This place we took a chance on, only cos they "scored" half price coupons for the buffet. The regular price of the lunch buffet is $8.95.The food was a huge step down from places like M and Red Rock and barely above edible. A number of the dishes had a chemical or otherwise off taste to them. The ones that didn't just didn't taste fresh.  At the same time, there was plenty of takers, but people looked more like they were trying to merely gain sustenance rather than actually enjoy the food.
4	We stopped in at South Point because it's next door to the time share we were staying at. I enjoyed myself. Won a little, spent a little, drank a little. We only paid $24 bucks from the strip to South Point.. I'd go back again..
4	This place is nice and clean inside and out...Gambling limits are real low starting at $2-3.It has a large bowling alley that is open late.This place also has a movie theatre.I saw a few eating options and a Seattle's Best coffee store.Place wasn't too busy and this place is huge!
3	I thought this hotel was okay. I loved how they had a movie theatre and bowling inside the hotel! The theatre screens were pretty small which was lame, but they had a cool concession area. The bowling was probably the best part - $1 after midnight. and there are about 100 lanes I think. They also have a Stake'n'Shake! I have only seen them in Illinois but they had one in the hotel; it was good and cheap. As for everything else- it's okay. The room was average. They do give out coupons for free buffet which was cool.
4	Wasn't sure what to expect at the price for the room.  Wow, was I pleasantly surprised!  I took advantage of the summer special weekday rates, which are about the lowest in Vegas.  Nice big rooms.  Very clean.  Pleasant staff.  Only complaint is the smoke in the Casino, which you must walk through to get to the elevators.Extras:Movie theaters (small but nice) and bowling alley upstairs.  Both are super!
4	Not bad. I don't gamble since most of the time I'm in Vegas for work. I don't come to party while I'm at work. So basically, this place is pretty sweet for the price. It's far form the strip but you can get a cheap rental car and stay here. It's much quieter and less messy. Basically I can be here and do nothing while enjoying the nice accommodation and nice room. The rooms were big and cozy. It's pretty new so there's really nothing to complain about. I like! and it's approved!
4	South Point is a nice Casino and Hotel.The rooms all feel newer and classy, although still not sure why anyone needs a phone next to the toilet. The rooms are big, large TV and clean.The air conditioning worked well and first, but needs to be reset every so oftened or you start to sweat.The casino is nice and well and have great table pricing for gambling. Roulette is just a dollar minimun.There are good choices in food.The pool looked really nice and I checked it out from my room.Over all, I like this place and would stay here again.
4	If you don't mind being near the strip, this hotel is worth the stay...My Yelp buddy Diane V. wrote a review a few months ago while my friends and I were planning a short trip to Vegas (http://www.yelp.com/biz/south-point-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas#hrid:kbZyItZCWEqVpcoqJRaJcQ).  Her review got me interested about this place so my friends and I decided to stay here for the weekend.  I rarely stay on the strip and usually get a room at the Palace Station (http://www.yelp.com/biz/palace-station-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas#hrid:DgcWjVRf5WG4wUolwBGmEA) which is a lot closer to the strip but doesn't have all that South Point has to offer... Since it is a bit south of the strip, it's not as pricey plus, they have a movie theatre, an arcade, a 24hr bowling alley, all-you-can-eat buffet, a 24hr restaurant, a burger joint, coffee and ice cream place, a pool, excercise gym... I might be missing some of what they offer but definitely enough for a weekend getaway... If you're the type who just likes to gamble, this might be the perfect place for you... they also offer a free shuttle to and from the strip... I'm not sure where they drop you off at but at least it's there...  They provide internet access in the rooms but it's not free... for both wired and wireless.. If I remember correctly, it's about $12 per 24hrs... although, if you don't need constant internet access, they do offer free WiFi access in the lobby... We stayed in a room with 2 queen beds which was actually pretty huge!!!! I mean, there was enough room for about 10 people if six of them didn't mind sleeping on the floor! ;)  (You could actually have a total of 12-14 people if you took up all the walkspace...)This will definitely be one of my go-to hotels next time I'm up in the area...
4	Stayed here during EDC and it was a sweet hotel, and we didn't have to break the bank. The check out time was extended till 1pm which was much appreciated...and their pool/hot tub is sweet. So if you are driving to LV and you don't want to shuttle everywhere this is a great place to stay.
3	I stayed at South Point Hotel because I was there to attend a lecture.  I am not a gambler so cannot comment on the casino part. (Except for the fact you must walk thru the casino to get in and out of the hotel.I felt comfortable and secure with the security people checking room keys for those people who were going up to the rooms.  Our mid level room had a view of the pool and the desert beyond.  Sunrise and sunset were beautiful as the desert changed color.Parking is difficult here.  I avoid valet parking whenever I can, so when we returned from dinner off site, we had to drive quite some time and park far away from our room.The room was adequate, not exceptional. It was clean, the bed was comfortable and the TV was a flat screen.  I thought the price was OK  I think it was about $200 for two nights.Now, the important thing AVOID THE FOOD.  The organization sponsoring the lecture provided Buffet lunch but it was poor to mediocre.  Most of the fish in the seafood area was breaded and deep fried.  I did find some boiled shrimp towards the end.  There is a carving station and they had roast beef and turkey but it was 2 1/2 to 3 stars if any thing.  If it's a free lunch, know you're getting what you paid for it.  If you're going to spend, go elsewhere, or, at least, avoid the buffet.  If you're handicapped, or use a cane, this place is not for you.All in all, the hotel was OK.  I stopped twice to watch the Roulette wheel and each time, in my less than three minutes of watching the ball landed on green.  I think that means nobody wins (except the 'House').  I might stay here again, but I won't eat here again.
3	Getting a place off the strip was a nice change for once. It was nice, quiet, and subtle unlike the strip - hectic with traffic up the butt. I didn't like the fact that wifi wasn't free here, pool was very salty, not that I was tasting it or anything. The bathrooms and rooms themselves were clean and tidy. Overall, if you're looking on saving this is your place! I would come here again.
4	This hotel has some decent prices on hotel stay and playing machines and tables. Nice, clean and comfortable stay. I really loved the spa at the South Point. The couples spa lounge was the best of the best. The only complaint that I could honesly have is that at the pool area looks like your at Raging Waters. It is full of kids. Great for family fun... but if you going with just your couple to relax it could be a little to much to hanging around the pool. Higher end hotels have more adults around the pool. Overall it was a great stay. Will be back with our family to enjoy the family fun.. but will defintely be back with my honey to enjoy the couples spa  lounge some more...~:-).
5	My boyfriend and I have now officially stayed at this establishment 4 times and I can, in good conscious, give it the coveted five stars. First of all, the rooms: Midweek a room here will set you back about 45 to 50 bucks. This is for a room that is spotlessly clean (has always been) with a comfy king sized bed, nice flat screen TV, and small seating area. Naps are us! Upon check in you receive a great coupon book good for a free drink, free buffet, discounts at various restaurants, etc. Me likey! The casino, bar, bingo, and restaurant staff here have always been top notch in terms of service and friendliness. For example they will not make you feel terrible if you throw your craps dice way too far and hit someone at three in the morning (umm not speaking from personal experience). The sports book betting area is great for those of us that are saddled with sports loving significant others. Hey I can get through almost anything with .75 cent hot dogs and 3 dollar Gordon Biersch drafts. Although I have yet to win even once, their bingo hall is great, 7 bucks for an hour of fun and two drinks, what is not to love? The new "Steak and Shake" restaurant is the bomb (separate review to follow). The pool area is perfectly adequate and a great place to spend a few hours at. Lastly, their players club is definitely one of the more generous I have ever found. You can play with your comps and the comps add up very quickly, even for cheapies like me.
5	There's nothing bad about this local casino.  Good cheap food, 24hr bowling, movies...
5	Called this hotel from Los Angeles...it was a last minute change of plans which required us to get a hotel on Monday evening and check out on Tuesday. I made 2 room reservations at the rate of $59.00 plus tax. Got to hotel around 930pm. I check in and the lady that helped me was very pleasant. She had me read, accept and sign the charges for the first room for $68.88 taxes included. Then she asked me to read, accept and sign the charges for the 2nd room, $58.88...Hhhmmm I asked her..."why is the second room cheaper?"...and she asked me if I made the reservations at a separate date...I said no, they were made at the same time. So I said, I guess I won't complain...lol. But she said, "I'll give you the same rate for the 1st room as well"...which is $49.00 plus tax! Yipppeee!!! She didn't have to offer that rate but she knew how to take care of their customers! Now, that's EXCELLENT AND GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND!!!
1	I would never stay in this hotel again.  There is no point.  It is a little cheaper than all the hotels on the strip, but by the time you finish paying all the fees, it would have costed you the same.For example, to use the gym (even if you are a guest) is $15 a day!  I went down to it to use it only to be locked out.  It says that it cost money in one hidden brochure in your room.Another thing is the internet.  I understand that most hotels charge for wireless service, but this one charges $13 per day per device that uses it.!!  What a rip off.I haven't been to any of the restaurants or casinos yet, but they don't look great and I might as well just go to a real casino just a little further down on the strip.The only reason I'm staying in this hotel is because there is a conference here.  If its here next year, I will definitely stay on the strip and just drive to this place.
3	Nice rooms good view lots to do, but.... we didn't do any of them.  This was just a place to sleep while we went to the strip and did everything else there.  They apparently have horses.  ???   That's something you don't see every day!  The only bad thing I can think of was getting to the room from the parking lot.  Pain in the rear.  A-OK it is.
3	This place is way off the strip, but hot damn if it isn't shimmery from the outside. We ended up here to see the Satiristas show during the TAM 9 convention and then attend Penn Jillette's Private Rock N' Roll Bacon and Doughnuts party. While meandering around the hotel trying to find the convention we stumbled upon a hallway with some interesting wallpaper. I'm guessing it was supposed to be harmless seed or leaf type things, but it ended up looking like a wall full of female genitalia. Yes, we did stop and take photos of it, thank you for asking. I didn't spend a lot of time here and really only saw the convention space, which appeared to be nicely set up and spacious. They do have bathrooms located in this area so that you don't have to go on a hunt for them, which is well thought out. I didn't notice anyone smoking in this area, nor did I notice any ashtrays, so I'm assuming smoking is only allowed on the main floor. I will say the casino did seem rather smoky and their buffet/restaurant was right next to the main casino floor, which seems like a good way to ruin the taste of a meal.
4	Very nice and inexpensive hotel! My friends loved the hotel. The pools are very nice as well! Some of the restaurants are pretty good. I'm pretty pleased with my experience here. The only thing is that it's kind of far from the strip.
3	Breakfast was sloooooow(like 1hr) and noone was there. Noone was eating hardly. Eggs were not cooked well, runny. It was a Monday so maybe that was the reason.The casino was nice, and offered perks to stay there, or eat there.They had a good looking burger place there but I never made it in, steak and shake. No luck on machines here, but the place was clean.
3	Personally, I would of rated this place a 5 star but after all the hassle we had to go through for our room service, I had to rate it a 3.  My bf made reservations weeks ago and our friend Diane hooked us up with a special deal that she got from her email, which was buy one night get another night free, but we ended up staying for 3 nights instead. Well since my bf already paid for one of the nights in advance, I was suppose to pay for our 3rd night there since we got a "free" room. Long story short, when we got back from our mini vacation, I checked my bank account and saw that they overcharged me and I ended up paying for the whole weekend plus one of the nights that my bf had already paid for! My bf and I had to call many times so that they could fix this problem. One of the ladies on the phone who was trying to help us out, was very freaking rude and just wanted to transfer me to another line!! They transfer me 4 freaking times so that they can figure out which department could assist me. Finally a young gentlemen was very kind and helped us refunded my money back and just charged me for one night! But anyways, if it wasn't for this I would of rated this place 5 stars!! I like this place a lot, but the lack of customer service disappoints me.*Coronado Cafe, you must check it out! Their steak and eggs are $3.95 and it was fulfilling! Its 24 hour and this is place to be if you are craving for some late night feast. Our friends and I had our dinner here for all three nights!! *When you book in a room in their hotel, they give you 2 coupon books filled with awesome deals. All 8 of us got a free meal at the Garden Buffet and that place was pretty good! It was a good deal, or we would of ended up paying at least $15 for each person. *Also in that coupon book, they had a good deal for their bowling alley. Pay for 3 games, get 3 more games for free!! Annnnd, their bar is freaking cheap! This is the place to be, plus its not too far from the strip and its near Town Square and the Bells Outlet. Just in case you feel like shopping. haha
3	bumping down due to neglectful, bad attitude drink service & lame tunes.   i was playing slots saturday afternoon, 1pm-5pm & the only drink server i got a chance to interact with never brought me my vodka tonic.  hot chicks w/bad work ethic, & not enough of them to properly attend each casino section.   horrible new country tunes like carrie underwood.  i had an idea:  how about my slot machine dispenses me a comp drink coupon after 20min, so i can take it to the bar & get it myself. screw you guys, i'm insulted.  embarrassing!
3	I enjoyed our stayed in this hotel.  But I gave it a 3 because of the following reasons:1) Cafe had fairly slow service.  It was during a busy time but there were no remorse shown by the servers whom we had to wait for 15 minutes to get our order.  2) The Garden Buffet was economical (especially if you join the club) but the food wasn't that great.  They had the typical foods but some of the dish were just horrible.  At least my 2.5 year old toddler was free.3)  We needed a room with a bath tub because of my toddler but they gave us a room that had only a handicap shower.  We asked for a room with a bath tub and their first response was that they could not do anything for us except that we down grade our room to a standard room from the original suite we reserved.  After some complaining, they finally gave us a room with a bath tub.  My good experience:1) Pool side was clean and very nice!  We enjoyed our time by the pool.2)  Bowling: Very clean!  Had bumpers for my son and it only came up when it was his turn.  Kid friendly3)  Bell service was very quick!  They even got our car ready before we even asked for it.  4)  Steak Escape: Delicious! I think that was our favorite meal through out the trip!  My son loved their chicken tenders kids meal.5) Price of the rooms were very reasonable, especially compared to the rooms on the strip.  The drive to the strip was about 10-15minutes but it was nice to kind of be away from the chaos of the strip.
4	Every Vegas trip deserves a 2:00am steak and eggs trip. For $3.99, you get a 7-ounce steak, hash browns, two eggs, plus toast. A piece of ham steak, two eggs, and toast? $2.99!  Everything is under $3.99 on their late-night special menu. Spend all your money gambling, but starving as hell? Don't worry!! It is quite a ways away from the strip, but if you got a car, go do it! Quality is eh..the line gets pretty long too... but it's definitely worth the wait if you're drunk and hungry.The bill for 8 of us? $20.88. It's even cheaper than eating dinner in Hong Kong and I never thought anything could beat that.
4	My stay here this last weekend was AWESOME!!! I loved the room, just the right size and with everything we needed. The food at the restaurants was for the most part cheap and delicious! 5 dollars for a double cheeseburger fries and a drink at Steak and Shake?! The least amount of money I have ever spent in Vegas on food! The slots were all fun and the pay out was one of the best I have seen. The pool was also very nice and well kept. It was beautiful! I will definitely be back!
4	i would'ev gave this place a 5 but you have to pay for wi-fi (as usual with any high class hotel)
3	The rooms are nice, new, and clean. I was a little disappointed with the 15 fee per day for the use of the gym. Parking can be challenging at certain times of the day. Pool and spa are both great facilities.
4	A 5-10 minute drive from the Las vegas strip.Didn't explore the whole hotel but it had an old western feeling. Seems many people visit here for the huge gambling area, as well as the movie theater. I went there for a wedding afterparty in one of the hotel rooms. Considering we were very loud(one guy brought his DJ equipment) at 12am, this place gets stars for not kicking us out. After this, we headed down to the Coronado Cafe where they had $2.95 specials from midnight to 6am. 7 oz. new york steak w/ hash browns, eggs, and toast. Add a star. Other things you can get are cheeseburgers, buttermilk biscuits w/ gravy, pancake sandwich, pancakes, and ham steak.Will definitely be visiting if I am far off the strip again.
4	Stayed at this place quite a few times over the years. Everytime I'm in Vegas for work, this is where my company buys my room. For good reason, $40 a night on weekdays. Very reasonable for such a nice place. Swimming pool, arcade, bowling, bingo, buffet, movie theatre, gambling, you want it, they have it. Only bad things are the fact that it's far away from the strip and the internet is $12.99 per day per device. Nightlife is marginal at best (Take that with the caviot that I've never been here on a weekend). Buuuut if you are in Vegas and don't mind being right on the strip this is the place for you!
4	This is a very laid back casino. perfect for locals. We came here one afternoon and walked out with triple the amt we walked in with and that was just playing the slots. They have several restaurants, just like most LV local casinos, the standard buffet, the oyster bar, the cafe, and few steak houses as well as Steak N Shake. There's always a huge line to get into this place and the last time we came here we waited in it... well now after moving bk to Texas there is one that about a 5 min. walk from me or 1 min. drive away. sad huh? This place is chilled out the beverage girls dont bugg you like most places. The place has a bowling alley, and movie theatre. Chilled out and probably one of my favorite locals casinos. beside station casinos. its a must see.
4	Southpoint is a nice hotel. The Sportsbook looks decent, the layout could be a little better. The Buffet has nice prices, but unsure about the quality of the food as it was empty inside, possibly due to the rain. The Machines dont pay out much of anything though.
4	It was a short weekend in Las Vegas, so we didn't have the chance to try out everything the Hotel has to offer.  However, we were very very pleased with our stay.  The rooms are nice and spacious,  very very clean, and nicely decorated.  Friendly staff, actually everyone you walk by seemed so happy!  Who knows?  maybe they hit some WINNINGS???!!!!  Overall, we'd definitely  go back and stay at this hotel-- rates are reasonable!!!
4	I was in Vegas to attend a Sales Conference and the company put us up in this hotel. I've been coming to Vegas for years for both business and pleasure and to be honest when our corporate planner booked me I was like.. where in the hell is this place?!?!!After spending 3 nights there I have to say I'm thoroughly impressed! The room I was in was huge and spacious with a nice king size bed and very clean... The hotel itself is gigantic! It has a movie theater, equestrian center (yeah they've got horse shows and rodeos here!!), a bowling alley (!) and a bunch of places to eat with some very reasonable prices. I got to eat at Baja Miguels (they had $2 Margaritas at the bar!!) and the Silverado Steak house and was impressed with the quality of the food. The gaming area is huge and I had the pleasure of losing at craps, blackjack and slots but still had a great time!! They also hook you up with some nice freebies at checkin. (like drink coupons!) You could literally spend your whole day her and never leave the freaking premises!The only real negative is that it's about a 10 minute drive from the strip but in my old age I'm not so inclined to hang out there and deal with the  rowdy crowds. This hotel is at the top of my list now for venues to stay at when in town!
4	Every time I go to Vegas, the South Point is in my top 3 hotels to stay in. It's affordable and close enough to the strip without being stuck in traffic.I'm older and not into clubbing as much as I was years ago. This hotel offers fun alternatives to clubbing like drunken 3am bowling, garden buffeting, all night gambling sessions and free cocktails at the penny slots....and bars! Bars at the bowling alley is a +!The rooms are nice with nice color schemes and even a typical room is large.  What I love the most is that the walls aren't so thin that you can hear gramps n grams bumping nasties 2 rooms down!I also love the arcade area so I can whoop some ass on air hockey! Don't mind the kids so much because they're trying to have a nice liddo vacay too. Overall, the South Point is a great deal for the money! Call in for promos. Chances of booking cheaper are higher on the phone instead of online.
4	I had a wonderful stay here a few weeks ago.  I booked directly through the South Point website and thought the value was great.  It's away from everything, but that didn't bother me much, especially since I had a car.  And it's right on Las Vegas Boulevard, so it's a straight shot to the Strip area.I arrived at night after a long plane ride from Paris and was thankful to be helped right away.  Check in was super fast, easy, and friendly and they even signed me up for the players club at the same time so I could get a coupon book.The room was great, on the 11th floor in the bank of rooms on the left side (there were names for the two sets of rooms, but I forget what they were!), with a view of I-15 and the mountains beyond.  The room was VERY large for a standard room, which was nice to see after staying in a dorm-sized room in London and an okay-sized apartment in Paris.The beds were extremely comfortable and the bathroom was large as well, with a separate door for the toilet/shower area (which had a phone in it).  This is not a complaint, but it seemed like with such a large bathroom counter, they should have put two sinks in instead of just one.There are a number of food options, including Steak and Shake, which I enjoyed very much.  Also ate at the Coronado Cafe which was okay for a quick meal.  I just wish they had something like a food court or a couple of quick counter service food options.  It was nice having Seattle's Best there though.Would definitely stay here again in the future.
4	I enjoyed visiting South Point in the past, but never did more then get a drink or watch a movie. My husband and I recently stayed overnight in one of their standard rooms. It was the weekend before Halloween and South Point was hosting a large party that we were attending, so we took advantage of the great room rates and planned a little staycation. We arrived to check in around 8 pm on a Saturday evening, we knew the hotel was sold out so we did this to avoid the madness at the normal check in time. There were multiple employees working the registration desk, and no line. There were no issues with getting the type of room we requested, and the employee that helped us was very friendly.The room itself was spacious with a king size bed, view of the south end of the Strip and a nice flat screen tv. The bathroom had a long vanity that allowed me plenty of room to spread out my makeup to prep for the evening. Disappointments were the small, flat pillows and lack of large towels. Check out time was noon and it was a breeze since they allow you to check out via the tv and you can just leave your keys in the room. Added bonus: After checking out we were emailed a thank you for staying with South Point, complete with an offer to come back on a weekday and stay again for free! I don't know how regularly they do this, if it's something they do only for locals, or what... But it certainly made me happy! Overall the South Point is a nice place to stay or just visit. It's not too far from the Strip, inexpensive and staffed with friendly employees.
5	South Point is our home away from home. As soon as we step out of the car and start walking towards the entrance, I feel relaxation come over me. I do not enjoy spending time on the Strip, so South Point is perfect because its away from the traffic and commotion of the Strip, yet its close enough if we need to watch a show we can quickly arrive to our destination. The rooms are just the right size, comfortable and clean. If you sign up to receive emails from them you'll see their rooms are always going on sale and its a perfect time to book a room. There are two reason I love going to South Point: Bingo and Don Miguels. The have a huge Bingo hall and have games every odd hour. I enjoy spending $4 on bingo sheets. I relax and enjoy a drink for an hour. If you early on the weekends they have donuts :D. Don Miguels, is a Mexican restaurant they have that is exteremly affordable if you go early. Their special in the mornings include soup, an entree, and a margarita. When you sit down they give you chips and three different dips: beans (which is my favorite), salsa, and guacamole. The soup is fideo, which is a tomato soup with vermicelli. Its traditional home cooking so its very comforting. The margarita is sweet but its free. For the entree you choose two different items that are accompanied by rice and beans. I choose a cheese enchilada and a chicken flauta. The flauta isn't too good i would recommend the chicken taco instead. You get this deal for only $9.95!!! Its too much food. South Point also offers an arcade, movie theater, and a bowling alley. We enjoy bowling so we always take our shoes and bowling balls when we stay at the South Point. There are multiple restaurants including Italian, steak house, buffet, and a dinner. Their all worth trying once. The Coronado Cafe has cab driver specials which start after 12am. The South Point is inexpensive but new. Its clean and friendly. Perfect for any time.
4	I came here for a work convention.  This place was clean, nice, and updated casino.  The rooms had a lot of room and the soap bar was great. I enjoyed staying here and there was very low cost tables for gambling.  All you need in one spot.  Had a good time.  I would come back but they are off the strip.
1	I don't know why are my fellow yelper give this high rating, we got there after SEMA show, this is my first time i ever walked to south point hotel, I walked in i was surprise how this casino is so cheaply build, our Indian reservation casinos out in Californian have more character  then this place, come one people you go to Vegas to see places and say  wow not  what ever. the rooms are just like motel 6. south point is what ever to me .
4	I like bowling for only $1 a game on Sundays!! Movie theater is nice too.
3	another casino nothing special- it was straight (i'm not a gambler so that one reason)Won money but after 1 1/2 I was bored and the person I was with wanted to stay longerCame bowling which was greatTo many teens in the casino without parents underage drinking-another issue (rodeo was going on)
4	South Point is great place to stay if you want to be away from the strip. It's about 15 minutes drive from the strip.  The hotel offers free self-parking, 2 coupon books upon check in, and the place is loaded with things to do. Within the hotel, you will find a huge room for BINGO, a Century Theater, full size bowling alley and arena. The arena hosts concerts but also hosts horse events. I brought my parents here for 4 nights and they were not bored. They walked around checking things out when they got bored of gambling.I recommend this hotel for those who are on a budget or would prefer a great value for your dollar. The rooms are a lot larger than rooms on the strip, beds are comfortable and clean.
4	The rooms are clean. The spa was nice and quiet. The massage, scrub and pedi were enjoyable and their customer service was great.
4	My husband and I have been to Las Vegas close to 10 times in the last 4 years, but this was the first time we stayed at a hotel off the strip. We originally were thinking about staying on the fremont street area, but decided against it as it looks super run down and kind of a seedy element. Sooooooo glad we decided to stay here, the room (a standard room) was great! Nice sitting area in front of the window, clean and comfy room. This hotel has so many things to offer their guests including, a movie theater, a bowling alley, a concert theater and lots of good restaurants and bars. The bowling alley was really fun on Friday night after several cocktails...is there any other way to bowl? So my hubby and I are totally into finding the best deals for drinks/food whenever we go anywhere on vacation, and this place has so many great deals to offer including:Friday night - From 4-10 at all casino bars, ANYTHING YOU WANT for $2!! We had crown royal, Glelivet, Long Islands, like I said, anything for $2.Also at the Tequila bar everyday from 5-7 you can get any kind of tequila for $2! Including Patron, Milagro, Herradura, and Tres Generacions. The bartender was super friendly and knowledgeable. He suggested we order the tequila as a shot and sip to really get the full taste of each tequila. He also served each shot of tequila with something called "Fuego" on the side. It's basically like a bloody mary mix, but sooooo much better and amazingly spicy, which I love. My hubby couldn't drink it though, too hot for him. It was so tasty with tons of great spices and peppers, a great compliment to the tequila, in my opinion.And on Saturday night, they have a fantastic 80's cover band called the Spazmatics, they are hilarious! They look like they're straight out of Revenge of the Nerds! If you ever get a chance to see them, I highly recommend it. The mexican restaurant there (forget the name) is really great too, awesome food and great service.All in all, a great place to stay off the strip, great value for your money and also the M Resort is 2 miles away which also has great restaurants and drink specials. I'll review that resort in another posting.We will definitely be back to stay the South Point Hotel!!
3	The hotel was fine, it was clean, I don't mind staying off strip however considering how new the hotel is the air circulation was horrible the place needs better ventilation and exhaust the smoke in the casino was overwhelming and made me sick.  Yes, I'm particularly fussy about cigaretter smoke and yes, it's Vegas however drinking and gambling don't have to mean I literally asphyxiate from smoke.
5	Ohh The Point, I can't say enough about it. The sports book is great with ample seating. This place has every amenity you could possibly want. Everything is amazing, from the fine dining, to the quick eats (coffee shop and NY style deli), all the way to the 75 CENT hot dogs! As a local I have tons of options around me, but the south point is the only one I choose over and over. The bartenders at the multiple casino bars are all awesome!
4	This is my second time paying a visit to this particular casino. I didn't have the pleasure of staying here this time, but I definitely enjoyed their casino side and not to mention their buffet!!! Definitely was a great choice!! I can't wait till I get to stay here again!!
4	I am a transient contractor seeking clean, affordable and reliable lodging.  The Southpoint provided this once I was able to get through the casino facade.  The rooms are clean and have a nice atmosphere.  The casino was tolerable for a person who would prefer avoid them.  The bell service to get items up to the room was efficient and helpful.  Parking proved safe if not utterly convenient.  This is a nice all-encompassing resource should you not want to go running all over Vegas getting caught up in traffic.  I would certainly return for the comforts I got in exchange for the weekday rate.
5	This is a family friendly casino in that there is a bowling alley and a movie theater for the kids, which most casinos do not have.  We just went to Circus Circus and it was packed with families with little kids... the kids loved it but it was just too old and dingy... that's why South Point was more enjoyable.Plus there is Bingo with electronic devices that assist you play for just $10 with a players card.  I was able to play for an hour and only lose that much... close but no cigar.  My daughter won $200 last night... Don't forget Steak n Shake for an inexpensive meal too.Not bad after spending $200 at the Wicked Spoon buffet at the Cosmopolitan (well worth it by the way)... anyways... two people won over $500 and another won $700 tonight... lot's of fun.I'm going back tomorrow to try my luck... wish me luck.
3	The casino is wide and big. but not much people playing there. It's about 10 miles from the strip. My mother complained that the slots machines were old. And the games were not updated ones. If I do come back again is to check out the spa. As one of the yelpers stated they have a waterfall cascading massage. :-)Other then that, I have not much to say about this casino. But as they say, once you're inside a casino, all of them kind of look the same. The slots, the tables, etc...
4	Booked this place through Hotels.com for spending New Years Eve in Las Vegas.  All other comparable hotels were easily over $500 for two nights so I ended up going with South Point for roughly $300 for two nights.  At first I was a little worried about staying here mainly due to the commute (not the quality of the place as it was opened in 2005) but I was happily surprised.  Check in was a breeze even though it was the Friday before NYE and everyone was coming into town.  Even though there was quite a long line the casino had all the counters manned and checking in and getting into the room took less than 20 minutes.  Moreover, during check in they also give you a coupon book for some free stuff or buy one get one free stuff which was kind of cool.  Only complaint was that when calling in to inquire about when you can check in took about 10 minutes on hold to get to speak with someone.The room itself was very spacious and clean and comes with all the amenities that you would expect from a reputable Vegas hotel.  Our room consisted of a king size bed, flatscreen TV, table, and a sofa (along with the rest of the nightstand, drawers, and closet).  This room could easily stuff 6 or so people in it if you really wanted to.  Moreover, it was nice how their bathroom was divided into two, with a door between the shower/toilet and the sink, thus allowing two people to share the bathroom at a time.  Definitely no complaints about the spaciousness or cleaniness of the room here.Moreover, while I did not get to try out their amenities during my stay this time, I think I will definitely be back next time to try out their midnight madness bowling.  Apparently, during the weekdays after midnight all games are only a dollar!  I mean can you imagine, forget beer pong, how about beer bowling or a shot for every pin left standing haha.  As for the food of this place, again I did not get to try out much but their Steak N Shake seemed like a decent and moderately priced place to get a meal.  I actually ended up getting a togo order of 3 sliders and shake for about $11 bucks so that wasn't too bad.As for the convenience of this location, well for off-strip, it is pretty convenient even during NYE.  Located right off the freeway, it is easy to get to and out of into the Strip.  It is about a 15 minute drive by freeway and about a 20 minute drive by Las Vegas Blvd (I like how you have two routes to this place) with either being traffic free by the times I was driving.  As a note, if you are planning to come here for New Years park at the Mandalay Bay!  The Strip is closed until 3am but as Mandalay Bay is at the end of the Strip you can still get out and take either Las Vegas Blvd or the freeway back without much hassle.Only complaint with this place is that their shuttle to and from the Strip (cheap at only $8 all you can ride for a day) only runs till 1:00am.  Who goes back to the hotel at 1:00am in Vegas...especially on New Years.  They should make it 24 hours or at least 24 hours on the holidays.
1	Normally I would have rated this hotel with 5 stars HOWEVER due to a recent experience with a manager, I cant. Great:I love this hotel. Ive stayed here multiple times before for business.  Though you're away from the strip, you are not away from the action. They have a huge casino, restaurants, a movie theater, bingo, a huge pool/area, a gym and much more! The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. Horrible: I booked 3 rooms back in December for the upcoming CES show and received an email confirmation for all 3 shortly after. During this past weekend, I received updated confirmations of the rooms MINUS MINE. When I called in I spoke to Denise (customer service rep - who was very nice and helpful) who told me it was cancelled due to a declined card. She suggested I call back and speak to the manager Kim Kane to get things figured out. I called back to speak to Kim - I explained the situation and she told me that a cancellation email was sent out ( I never received it) and that they called me. Problem is, they called my company on a Saturday (we're off) and no one answered because no one was there. Instead of making another attempt, they cancelled my room. Her exact words were "ITS NOT OUR JOB TO BABYSIT, NO ONE ANSWERED THE PHONE SO THE ROOM WAS CANCELLED". Their policy is different to say the least but I was shocked, not so much by the company policy but more so her attitude and how she spoke to me. Needless to say, I wont be going there again. I work in customer service and would not talk to a customer like that. Oh and I called my bank and they have nothing on their end that shows anything being declined. But thats neither here nor there at this point.
5	Nice casino that is about 10-15 minutes by car from The Strip. The casino has a bowling alley, movie theater, and lots of restaurants to choose from.  Free parking in the garage. The non-smoking room had nice amenities for $50/night:- Spacious - Clean bed sheets for our two queen sized beds- Updated bathroom with granite countertops- Flat screen tv- Easy checking out of the hotel through the tvUnfortunately, no free internet, refrigerator, or microwave. I would stay here again.
3	Stayed here for 1 night, in November, in a king size room. Our room was huge compared to other Vegas hotels. The room had enough space for you to bring a blow up mattress and inflated here. We stayed on a saturday night for around 71 dollars before taxes. Other hotels on the strip were asking for over 120 dollars.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at South Point!Hotel Room:I stayed in the Junior 2 bedroom suite - Spacious 3 beds, 2 baths, a main living area with sofas, a separate dining area and bar.  Loved these suite amenities:- Spacious bathroom with a Spa tub (love!) in each room - Separate standing shower area with luxurious showerhead- TVs in each bathroom- Bose stereo system- Three 42" flat screen TVs (one in each room and one in the main room)- Refrigerator stocked with soda, water and juice (free and unlimited stock!)- Beds are super comfortable- Rooms were very cleanI really like that checkout time is noon instead of the usually 11am.  I extended my checkout time to 1pm with no problems.  Every guest receives a coupon book filled with various deals such as:- Free souvenir (South Point key chain)- % off at the Garden Buffet- Free cocktailCasino:I really like gambling at South Point.  There are many games including 1 cent Video Poker (my favorite!).  The Poker Room is sizable. There are two Sports Rooms and both have ample seating.  The larger Sports Rooms boasts many TV's and appears to play all football games.  There is also a hot dog cart that offers hot dogs for 75cents.  The Club Card:If you plan to gamble, be sure to sign up for their Club card.  I was able to rack up $35 of comps which I used against the hotel bill.  The Club card also offers a discount at the Garden Buffet.Customer Service:The hotel registration people and card dealers were extremely courteous. I had one complaint:  One of the bartender (a blonde woman), would not give me water!  While playing the slot machines for a couple of hours, I ordered a drink and water but she only brought me a drink and told me that I couldn't have the water then walked away.   It was not even busy so that couldn't have been an excuse.  I was internally fuming that she was so rude.Location:Since South Point Hotel is not located on the main Las Vegas Strip (at the southern end), travelling to and from the Strip takes some time.  The hotel offers shuttle service ($8/day with various stops on the Strip) and there are plenty of taxis.
1	This place stinks from the front door to the back door. The slots are tight and so is every thing else. I am sure it is a nice place to stay but the hotel room I was in was rather cheap. I hope there is no earthquake in Vegas because I feel there will be a major cartography. No way these buildings are up to codes. Be careful when gambling if there is an earthquake make sure you get under a table.
4	I have had nothing but pleasant experiences at South Point. It's a nice option for out-of-towners (like LA or Arizona) who want reasonable room rates close to the Strip (about 15 minutes south of it), and right off the freeway. My main reason to visit? The bingo hall.  Yes, I said the bingo hall, and no, I'm not 55 years old.  If you haven't played before, ithe games are about as quick as the lip of the auctioneer from Storage Wars.  It's fun playing multiple cards, scanning each of them quickly, with your dauber ready to use at any moment.  And if that's too much for you, pay a little extra to get an electronic card, which does everything for you.  Thus, grab a comp spiked beverage, sit back, and wait for the e-card to tell you you're a winner.Even though the craps tables have really low minimums (think $3), I don't like that the max odds are only double.  Thus, I normally just stick with bingo.  Also, the giant surface lot is far from the entrance and usually packed.  I guess that just means it's a popular casino. It's really bright in here, which I enjoy. There is a movie theater and a bowling alley here, so it's kid-friendly.  Funny story - my brother, who is 30, was carded at the BOWLING ALLEY.  Apparently you have to be 18 after 9pm or something.  He was really happy to be mistaken for someone that young.  Hooray for youthful family genes!There is a Steak N Shake in this casino.  I hear it's the only one west of Texas.  Not that I would ever eat there since there's one 10 minutes from me, but it's nice to know.
3	undecided here. sort of a locals place since a ways off the strip however i have had absolutely zero luck gambling (that's why they call it gambling) and cannot seem to scare up a free drink anywhere. seems like a little older crowd. have seen it busy. have gone to several events here, good parking garage if the lot out front is full (and it usually is.) i guess the best thing about southpoint is they are the home of steak n shake....my favorite hb joint in the world (you gotta try the portabella and have a strawberry fudge shake.)
1	I have been to the buffet twice the last time in June 2011, hated it both times. Friends say it is better now so I will give it one more try. Everything else about the HOTEL  is great.
1	I was standing a the window next to a empty table in the bar at the arena to take a photo and a security guard acted like an asshole and wouldn't let me because there was an empty table nearby with a reserved sign on it.
4	I have been pleasantly surprised staying at the South Point for two nights for business.  The price was extremely reasonable ($40/night on hotels.com) and the standard room is extremely spacious and comes with two comfortable queen size beds and a very large bathroom and shower/bathtub.It's also very convenient because its one of the first major hotels you hit as you travel Northbound on the 15 into Vegas.  I like it because its easy to get to, easy parking, etc.Would highly recommend.  An excellent value for the no frills traveller.
4	Lovely Hotel Casino a few miles away from the main strip. Nice rooms and super friendly staff which makes the atmosphere so much better. Has bowling available if your in the mood.(which I did) So many good things to say about this place. I'd have a lot more to say about this place if I wasn't so wasted and could remember everything. All I remember is basically what I mentioned.
3	It is a casino what can I say? Last time I was there the pool was not heated but I loved the cinema and bowling alley they have upstairs!
5	Best Duck Noodle Soup in town at the Cafe/Coffee Shop!
3	I'll give this place three stars but I feel like I'm being generous.  While the room was quite fine I find the casino and dining options a bit lacking.  I'll start with the room since I spent most of my time there.  The hubs and I got a good deal at forty five dollars a night for a basic king room.  They were having an on line sale, so don't expect that to be the rack rate, but I feel like it was a great deal.  The room was clean and up to my standards.  (Which are high for cleanliness.)  It had most of the amenities most would expect like a safe, hair dryer, ironing board, basic toiletries, clock radio, and there was even a little coffee maker in the bathroom.  They do have a Seattle's Best for gourmet coffee, but it's on the other side of the casino farthest away from the rooms.  The room could almost be described as a suite because they are large and include a love seat and a two person dining table.  Our room on the sixth floor opened to a great view of a wall, but I'm sure higher floors have a better view.  The things I wanted to see in the room were more pillows and extra blankets.  Two pillows on a king bed is just not enough.  Even the Plaza downtown had three.  The casino had it's ups and downs but I doubt I would ever get the notion to come and gamble here again.  The slots were pretty tight for me and the blackjack here has some of the oddest rules I've ever seen.  (I am a dealer, I would not recommend playing blackjack here.)  Most places would have the dealer check for a blackjack if they had a ten or a face card up.  If the dealer has a blackjack the had is over, everyone loses and they play the next round.  Here they do not check and let people play out the hand.  So even if you hit to 21 and the dealer has a blackjack you still lose.  That makes me mad.  When I found my husband at the dice table and told him of the unfairness of this, another player chimed in that while he was playing they let his hand push.  (No win, no lose.)  That just added to my frustration about the strangeness of it all, and how the dealers here don't know their own rules.  Another thing that bothered me about this place is the floor supervisors.  When I arrived I signed up for a players card and was given the speech of how you give it to the dealer to be rated for play.  I know how this works, as I work in gaming.  So when I sat down to play I turned in the card.  The floor took over twenty minutes to get me rated on blackjack, and when I moved to play pai gow  poker I played for over thirty minutes with my card sitting on the table and me not getting rated at all for my play.  I work as a floor supervisor once in a while and that is an epic fail of service in gaming.  It just makes the place look bad.  The poker area had seven games open with two supervisors, so one watches three games the other has four.  When I'm a floor supervisor I can watch up to seven games alone and could run circles around these guys.  They do offer three dollar dice games and the cocktailers bust out those drinks fast.  As other reviewers have stated, what is up with those outfits?  Those poor girls.  They look like they are in an eighties work out video with those black thongs up their bums.  Come on South point, those uniforms are straight up tacky and no player really cares what the ladies are wearing so as long as they get their drinks quickly, and those ladies haul it so why not let them be comfortable?  As for dining options, the whole reason we got a room to begin with was the gourmet food truck festival they held in the adjacent parking lot.  We went to the first one and this one was even bigger.  It was fine for dinner but when we got hungry later we went to Steak and Shake.  Tho only other late night dining option was the Coronado Cafe.  The dining option mostly reminded me of a knockoff Station casino.  Mexican, Italian, steakhouse, coffee shop, oyster bar, and a gourmet coffee place, the only difference is the South Point has ultra fine dining at Michael's and no food court options.  Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you need a clean room to lay your head down that's not too spendy and close to the strip with easy access to the I-15.  I don't recommend you put your money down at the tables though.  If you are traveling and not renting a car, expect cab fare to get a little high because it's not really close to anywhere you want to be.
4	Great locals casino. It doesn't smell like cigarettes like some local casinos. Great deals and perks are a plenty. Bars are cheap.I've stayed in their rooms and they're nice, clean, large rooms. It was during the summer, so we got to check out the pool, I liked it, but for some reason it was really cold. The hot tub was nice, lots of room for everyone and you don't have to be supermodel or gym rat to feel at home here.We've eaten at the Michael's Gourmet Room, the service was great but the food was only average, especially for the high prices.I've had a quick lunch at the Big Sur Oyster Bar...clam chowdah wasn't bad.The morning after we stayed at the hotel we had the casino Breakfast Buffet, thank you coupon, it was okay. It was food, it filled the need.The bingo hall is large, good entertainment to kill some time, the number callers could use some work, but they have the electronic board to help. Free drinks while you play, although the waitresses don't come around often. The room can get smokey too.The bowling alley is large as well. Good prices for cheap fun.We've been to the showroom to watch a band and another time a comedian, the room can feel small, but it works.The arena is good for concerts, horse shows, and other various events. Check out the free events they have, we went to a Dog and Horse show which was a lot of fun.I've been to a party in one of their banquet rooms and the food was good, very nicely done. I forgot I was in a casino.One of the reasons we keep coming back is their movie theater. Multiple screen theater, usually not too crowded except for holidays and when a big movie is released. Staffed well, the other movie goers are usually pretty considerate of others, but there's always someone that needs to check their cell, repeat every line, laugh at inappropriate moments, or forgets to put their phone on vibrate.We were here most recently for a Food Truck Festival/Movie/Football game...so much fun, so much food!To summarize...we're here all the time for one reason or another.
4	If the parking garage is full, there is also parking on the floor/street level, facing Warm Springs. And there's also Valet too. This is a huge box of a casino- but more filled in than Aliante (kinda empty in most parts and not many customers either) and definitely more popular- events are held here, like "Divas Day Out." We saw members of the Red Hat society here (if you haven't seen them around town, they are older women, over the age of 50, wearing red and purple, including hats usually adorned with huge feathers). We come to this casino on a semi-regular basis for, drum roll please,  Steak & Shake- which is so very popular for cheap eats. You have to beat the crowd and get there early, that's my best advice for you. Or, you will be in a line, waiting at least, twenty minutes for the next available table. The servers wear black and whites, the decor is a classic diner feel with huge murals from the 1950s, but there are linens and silverware at each table (booths are on the side, tables in the middle)- but it's not a fancy place. The typical meal is about $10 per person. Service is quick and everyone's very nice, but because lunchtime is packed, they kinda want you out of there, when you're done with your meal. You can also go to the Pick-up window (to the left side).  In the past, we've been to the oyster bar (decent, but Stations has better ones), themovie theater (newer and thus, cleaner), and a work event (video poker tournament) was held here- however, there were few signs- our company was in a small corner (and thus, not quite easy to find, either) but the buffet dinner was held for the attendees/members upstairs in one of the meeting rooms (there are lots of events held here, as I said earlier).If we want to walk around somewhere close after our meal at S & S, we head to the Premium Outlets South.
3	Mix emotions about this place, to make this an OK review.  But, I'll give credit where credit is due.  Located off Las Vegas Blvd and Silverado, stands a Casino/Hotel far south of the Las Vegas Strip.  Outside and inside looks really nice and very well kept clean and detailed.    It was a Wednesday afternoon, when we checked in.  It was kind of slow, and check in was a cinch.  The people in the front desk were nice, on checking us in.  Not much of a small talk, but they were quick and courteous.  It was quite a walk to our room, since the elevators were on the opposite end of the front desk.  I would say it's like walking two football fields, before we reached the elevators.  But we got to our room okay, and the room was decent.  It was a good size room with a king size bed, a couch, coffee table, dresser and a desk for the laptop.  The bathroom was really nice also.  Unfortunately, I wasn't fond of the view that we got, but I guess that's what we get when we reserve the cheapest room.  Mainly it wasn't much of a view, it was more of the side wall of the convention halls and the storage area.  But of course, we didn't plan to be looking out the window anyhow.  Our stay was for the food truck fest they were having across the street.  But since this is Southpoint we're talking about.  The casino area isn't all that satisfying.  The waitresses on one hand, were quick with orders.  Despite how busy it is, they tend to get your drinks at a reasonable amount of time.  The Dealers on the hand, was a bit disappointing.  I know they have nothing to do with the game, since they're only dealers.  But I would like to have a game where you feel invited to play and not feel intimidated by the dealers who can't say anything to you and not welcome you to the table.  The thing I hate most about some dealers, is that, they won't talk till you start tipping.  I do work as a casino dealer myself, and I entertain my guess cause this is Vegas, the city of entertainment.  Going to another casino to gamble, and not being welcomed or even a "good luck" till after tipping them, is a bit unsatisfying.  After the fact of tipping them and losing my money, and still not get a "thank you for playing" is kind of unprofessional from my point of view.  We did stop by the Steak N Shake, which I did write a review about.  It was nice and the food was decent.  I did like their unique milkshake combo, which is a must try when you visit.  We also stop by Coronado Cafe, which was a good place to get breakfast.  Overall, the place is very nice.  The rooms were very decent and decorated very well.  But if you want a view, you might get a room that's higher than the 7th floor and not facing the garage or the convention center.  Restaurants are very well kept and decent.  I didn't go to the Garden Buffet this time around, probably cause the first time around, it wasn't that great.  But I did like Steak N Shake and Coronado Cafe.  If you are planning to gamble, hope you have better luck and nicer dealers than I have.  Otherwise try gambling in a place that is more entertaining and worth your while.
5	This is a late review but just want to say how affordable, clean, and simple hotel Southpoint is! Don't expect a fancy hotel because this is as simple as it gets but very clean! My family has stayed here a few times and we always return for our spontaneous Vegas trips! Reasonable rates, great restaurants, and ALL alcoholic drinks are FREE, yes even premium shots, to those who are gambling!  For kids, they have a theater and a bowling alley to enjoy!
3	Some parts of this hotel are great and others are sorely lacking.  If you have your own transportation (either live local, drive to Vegas, or rent a car) then I recommend this hotel.  It's off the strip a bit, so the prices are overall a little lower.  The buffet is reasonably priced, the ATM fees are lower, the vending machines are cheaper, and the rooms are fairly large and quite comfortable.  The daily internet fee is still ridiculous and the rake on the poker tables is at best slightly better than average.If you don't have transportation, then I do not recommend this hotel.  It's too far from the action, and a taxi will cost you $25 one way to get anywhere.  They offer an $8 round trip shuttle, but it's a joke.  It only comes once per hour, and half the time I tried to use it, it filled up and there was no alternative.
5	Love this hotel, it has everything you need except for a dance club.  Movie theatre, bowling alley, poker room, many different restaurants, cheap drinks and nice employees. I like to stay here when I want a Vegas trip where I don't dress up it go out to clubs. I like their buffet even though it is small and simple, it gets the job done and the foodActually tastes good unlike the buffet at MGM and Mandalay bay. Rooms and cheap during the week and when there isn't a big rodeo event they are cheap on the weekend. I like that their rooms are big, clean, and newish.South point is my favorite 'local' casino/ hotel.
4	Stayed here during a recent business trip. Got a great deal on Hotels.com. Got a room that was clean, spacious with a nice view.This hotel is on the south side of the strip but has easy access to all key attractions and the airport. I liked it as it was a bit away from the hustle bustle of the main strip area but not too far away either. The South outlet mall is pretty close by too.The hotel has a number of good restaurants that are reasonably priced. Got a coupon book during check in that helped in getting nice discounts on the food and drinks!!Overall a great experience.
2	I don't know why, but I've never won a cent at any station Casino!!I know that isn't the casino's fault (right?) but it still doesn't make me rush back to play.  I came here to see Steve Byrne's stand up show the other night, and got here early so I walked around a bit.  Most of the staff I interacted with had a similar attitude.  It was an attitude that said, "Cut the bull, you know where you are, deal with it."  Besides one group of pretty girls who looked like they were on a bachelorette party, this place was oxygen tank, rascal driving, cigarette inhaling central.  I'm not elitist, but this is not the crowd I want to spend my time with.  Maybe when I'm 80, this place will seem like an awesome singles resort, but for now, I'll treat it like episodes of Murder She Wrote, and avoid it.
3	First of all, if you're staying here, do not park in the structure.  It's a far walk to the lobby with all your luggage.  Use the free valet parking.  Since you're not paying resort fees, pay for valet service.Really good price for a large room with a huge bathroom.  The a/c in the room works a little too well and can be quite noisy.  The casino is large and doesn't smell like smoke.  They have Double Triple Diamond Deluxe with Cheese slot machines people!  Oh yeah!  It's my favorite slot game.  Drinks are pretty cheap, but that's because they give you small shots.      Rooms - large and cleanHousekeeping - efficient and professionalCasino - lots of slots machines, video poker and tables.  I love the computerized craps and roulette.Food - They need more choices.  Add a Capriotti's, Five Guys, Sbarro's or a KFC.Staff - friendly and professional.Normally I stay at the Orleans, but there was Cheerleader bimbo competition at the arena so I decided to try South Point.  Would I stay here again?  Only if it's on comps.
3	It all has been said in previous reviews. I stayed here for $49 a night on a few weekday nights and that is certainly a pretty good deal. It's a 10 minute drive to the heart of the Vegas strip and a minute from the highway. The hotel room was spacious and clean. The only negatives were that you have to walk through the entire casino to get to your room and that there wasn't sufficient parking close to the building without having to valet park.
5	The main bar on the casino floor is the place to be as it literally transforms into a mini club, instead of drunks slumped over in corner booths they're slumped over slot machines, reason for all the drunks simply the drinks are strong and cheap!!!!!!!!!
2	I used to go there a lot with friends until we realised that we hate it.  It is often too crowded with shit-bag people.  Not poor people, not bums, not any particular race or ethnicity mind you.  There's just a lot of shit bags there.  Rude-ass drunken pricks.  The staff is pretty nice though.  I like the sports and race book well enough.  I would still go to the movie theater.  We got cut off by the bartender one time for "gaming the system."  We weren't playing enough hands of video poker for the beer we were drinking.  Four of us had been coming there once or twice a week for almost a year.  We were gaming the system, it's true.  We were gaming it at South Point.  Now we game it somewhere else.
4	It's  a nice hotel  and it has  a variety of thing to do from bowling to bingo to the spa or a  movie and horse stuff.
4	The Good:Clean rooms Good Value Affordable Meals and Drinks:  Paid $2-$3.50 for drinksCrowd Control: Never overly crowdedSmoke Control: Our room seemed smoke freeFriendly Staff Great for families (Bowling and Movies)The Bad:Decor: Old chairs and tablesWIFI and Gym: ($12 and $15 respectively) Far from Strip Bottomline: I would go back for what I paid for.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (36 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!Southpoint is the go to spot for my  friends and I.  We go here frequently almost every weekend to either gamble, eat, bowl, go to the movies, lounge and drink, and put in our sports bets especially during the football season.This place is always crackin'.  Some weekends it can be pretty packed with events going around in Las Vegas.  There's a Steak n' Shake, an ice cream parlor that serves my favorite Dryer's ice cream flavor, an awesome deli that has huge dessert options, a cool cafe that serves very good Chinese food and all your normal American cafe breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late night specials, a super awesome tasty Oyster Bar, and even a really good Italian restaurant.  There are always plentiful black jack, baccarat, pai gow, 3 card poker, and roulette tables.  They have all the slots, lots of video poker, and a number of bars to hang out w/ a cocktail.  They have some cool bands that play sometimes, and comedy shows that my friends and I have been to.  Then of course there's the bowling and the theatre; great for all ages.  This place is also not too far from the strip, Southwest Vegas, and the outlet mall.Good for travelers and locals alike.
3	The hotel and rooms are pretty nice for what you're paying. They even have a bowling alley and movie theater here. I also enjoy coming here for the $5 blackjack! WOOO!BUT sadly, i've never won anything from here before! My friends and I ALWAYS lose our money in this place! Something about this place always makes us throw our money into the casino's pockets. Also, the poker table is filled with locals, so unless you really know how to play, I suggest you don't come here. Plus, these locals can be a bit snobby toward tourists.
2	Ok, this is our second stay here, and probably our worst. If you are not a smoker, this is NOT the place for you. This hotel has issues with its ventilation system. We stayed here for 3 nights, and the first time we stayed here it was in February 2009, and I remembered having the same breathing issues. Basically, the casino, like all casinos, smells like smoke. You can't escape that anywhere. The hotel rooms, although they were clean, have poor plumbing. If you need to go to the restroom, it's better to go done stairs in the casino. Next, the air in the hotel rooms was really dry. No smell of smoke, but seriously, this hotel needs to invest in humidifiers for their rooms. I woke up everyday with a dry throat, dry mouth, dry skin, it was so bad I wanted to put lotion on my eyeballs.  Now, when we stayed here, the weather outside wasn't even hot. It was nice cool crisp air outside. I wished I could have opened a window. My husband had horrid allergies, so the lack of humidity in the hotel room made it worse. Bring your own humidifier if you really want to stay here.Whenever I entered this hotel, I was completely winded just walking from the parking garage to the hotel room. It was so awful, that paired with the air in the hotel room that just ruined our stay. We were both feeling it whenever we returned to the hotel. Yet, when we walked into other hotels with better ventilation, we didn't run out of breath.  I knew it had something to do with the air, because when we went to Rio to catch a show, we walked through the casino and throughout the hotel at a fairly quick pace and we weren't winded at all. Anyways, what are the pluses of this hotel? Bingo all throughout the day, movie theaters at decent prices ($7 matinee before 6pm), and bowling.We will not stay again at this hotel.
5	I love this place! My husband and I have been coming here for awhile now and they Never disappoint! Great prices and nice rooms. They send us deals all the time and we always take advantage. The pool is wonderful...the spa...the barber...and you can't beat $1 roulette!!!!! Family friendly with bowling and a movie theater! The service here is always consistent and helpful! Shuttles run or if you prefer to drive its a straight shot to the main strip! You will love this place!
3	I enjoyed my weekend staycation at South Point. The room was clean, the staff were nice. This hotel does not stand out to me in any way, however- which is neither good nor bad. If you just want a relaxing weekend away, this place is fine. I like the glowing nighttime exterior- it gives a nice glow to the room (which  you can fully shut out if want a dark room for sleeping).  They offer a shuttle to the Strip, which I took, so I wasn't stuck in the hotel.  If I had friends coming to town who weren't looking to base all their fun at the hotel, I'd recommend this affordable place.
1	front desk is horrible! Supervisor front desk "CHELSEA" is a horrible worker and horrible staffing...I was in las vegas for business and i booked 2 suites and 3 rooms, well over a REGULAR guest, and obviously this wasnt treated as so.  The 1st mishap at the front desk was an asian lady who checked me in, in doing so she checked me in like i was NOT an important guest, she never told where the elevators were but never told me my room, and than giving me my room number i then asked: "so im guessing im floor 4?" she than said: "oh yeah, sure" = WOW...so than i said, hey maybe she's having a bad day and tomorrow will be better when i check in the rest of my camp; not the CASE!The next day i had all the rooms i booked checking in, i had people flying in internationally and locally for a concert i had, being proactive i went to the front desk to ask the nightmare of a mess: "CHELSEA" the "supervisor" = not professional attitude and shouldnt be in a customer involving environment.  I asked chelsea, can i check in my rooms and they come later to offer their card for incidentals? she told me everyone has to be there at once, and moved forward on telling me the rooms i got were one king bed vs. two queens.  I than asked: "how did that happen?" she than said: "I DONT KNOW ITS WHAT YOU CLICKED ON THE INTERNET, I CANT TELL YOU WHAT YOU CLICKED" = WOW really?than she said: "look i dont want to argue with you" all i was asking was an explanation, AND NOT an argument.  She than ignored me and threw keys on the counter....at the end, my friend (which they DID NOT KNOW WAS MY FRIEND) overheard a very overweight caucasian man, say to CHELSEA, "what was his porblem?" she went ahead and told him: and he genuinely said: "WHAT AN ASSHOLE" This review has been long enough, and i am and going to contact their higher quarters of front desk for this kind of treatment, obviously "CHELSEA" if you're reading this, you judged and had attitude with the WRONG GUEST! I WILL NEVER STAY AT SOUTHPOINT BECAUSE OF THIS HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. I am a business man and an entrepreneur who is willing to spend money for the better of the business no matter what the cost is, but in doing so in business i put CUSTOMER SERVICE FIRST: unlikely for Southpoint.Sincerely,a guest who spent well over $2,000+ on rooms and amenities.
3	Where do I start.  My last visit was 4/6-4/8.  I've been visiting Southpoint for about 4 yrs and never had a complaint.  After reading some of the negative reviews I've concluded that you can get bad service and customer service anywhere.  That being said, here's my latest review.I had noticed that the ventilation in the casino was not clearing out the smoke as previous visits.  Customer service at the desk was acceptable, no one was rude.Room:Hotel bed was firmer than I experienced on previous visits.  Not sure why.  I've always liked the room as they are very spacious for the price.The location of Southpoint can't be beat.  No traffic to speak of, has their own freeway off ramp.  If you want to go to the strip, you can drive there or take their shuttle ($8 day).I enjoy playing in the Poker Room and participate in the daily tournament each visit (I have yet to win) but I enjoy playing the game.They do have plenty of video poker, from 5 cents on up.
4	I love SouthPoint! I always win money here and Bartenders are great! BUT the FOOOOOOOD kinda sucks. Especially at the Buffet! They need some improving for sure. Other than that if you want to win come here! Good theater and Bowling!
1	We came to South Point to see the Spazmatics. While eating in the buffet before the show, I began to notice that there was a stronger smoke smell than I had experienced at more prominent casinos. After dinner, we wandered the gaming area and got in line for the show. That's when I became overwhelmed by the smoking. Jesus!  I guess they decided to cut a corner with air scrubbers, because within 20 minutes, I was sneezing and had an uncontrollable flow of sinus drainage. My best advice is to stay away from this place if you do not smoke. Consider yourself warned. Oh, the Spazmatics were great.
3	Bowling alley                YAYTight Ass Machinese    NAYServers                         MAYYBE...but YAY for the most...Air Circulation               NAYCrowds                         NAYBars                              YAYLocation                        YAYAgain...weeknight game play.....tighter than a monkey's sphincter....
2	Had a horrible time here.  service is horrible everyone is robotic and it was noisy on my floor, i left the day before check out it was that bad. wrote a formal complaint and they didnt do anything.  oh well guess i wont be doing business there
5	I was initially very skeptical about staying at this hotel. We usually stay at a fancy strip hotel and was not expecting much.  It is the only hotel within about 4 miles of here, so I did not have a choice and was a little worried about what $50 per night gets you.  I was pleasantly surprised. The room itself was as nice as many on the strip at 1/3 the price.  The hotel is only about 6 years old and has been kept up well.  The pool is nice and large, and the spa is great. The spa prices are a little more reasonable than at other area hotels.  The food choices are varied.  We ate at the deli, Stake and Shake, raw bar - all great choices.  The best was the prime rib restaurant.  The servers were all great and the staff was all very helpful. This part of the review is specifically aimed at conventions.  This hotel is a great alternative to some of the larger halls around town.  The staff was great, and the convention food was much better than the average convention hall.  If you have a trade show that is less than about 600-700 standard booths, you really should consider the South Point. Plenty of parking, the halls are very close to the room elevators.  No need to walk through a smoky casino just to get to the trade show. I must give a special thank you to Larry at the Arena for really making our convention special. You guys are great!
5	I have loved coming to this hotel every time I come to Vegas. I know its just luck but every time I come here I win. The worst I have ever done is broke even. And the drink prices are the best! I have noticed the more places I go on the strip. The big casinos are less likely to comp drinks while playing. Not at South Point! Every time I sit and put any money in I get my drink. I have stayed at most of the casinos in Vegas. And I have liked the rooms just as much as some of the higher end hotels. And they are half the price as the others. Some people see how far the location is from the middle of the strip. And are frightened away by that. Don't be, they have a shuttle system that drops and picks up until 1 AM.. If you want to go to the middle they will drop you off there. And all the thinks they have in this place are great. Bowling, Bingo, Equestrian Park and full movie theater. If you were going to bring the kids to Vegas? I would definitely suggest staying here. You have pretty much every style of restaurant in the hotel. And one the biggest bonuses to me was that I can go less then 10 minutes. And eat at places that aren't over priced and nice. Try it sometime...I think you will like it.
4	This place is A-OK for sure.  The food's good.  I did like that the casino is a little smaller.  Also I won pretty well and usually I don't win that close to the strip.  The casino did seem smokier than most but whatever.  The pool and jacuzzi were wonderful although the pool was a bit cold.  Not the fanciest place for sure but a good time.  :)
3	It's relatively new.  So, it doesn't have that lived-in casino feel that often places in Vegas and other such cities can develop.  The rooms were large and, while sparce, were nice enough and seemed clean.I don' t know if it is just me - but, the staff at South Point - in all the venues except Stake 'n Shake - seem to have low energy, focus and are generally just very pedestrian - certainly nothing special.Was surprised to find that the washcloths left in the bathroom had holes worn in them!  I would think they'd watch for things like that!  The towels were more Motel 6 quality.  For room security, sometimes at night the security guard before you get to the room elevators would check for room keys, and sometimes not.  It seemed to be based on mood.The pool is nice, and the towels furnished there are a little better than the room towels.  Housekeeping, on the next to last day, forgot to leave glasses and the day before had forgotten to leave coffee.  They did not clean the shower/bathtub area while we were there, but did replace the shampoo/conditioner.We were there for a conference - and, the conference staff were efficient - again, a bit pedestrian, but efficient.  We also ate at the oyster bar one night - it's sort of fast-food seafood - an efficient staff behind the counter (better than usual for South Point), but all a bit pre-packaged.  It was okay - nothing special.The Coronado (I think that was the name of it)  . . . which is the 24-hour diner-like food place (with an additional Chinese menu) was okay - sort of run-of-the-mill diner food and very assemblyline in it's operation.  The night that we had the bad meal at Jasmine at the Belaggio and I brought my partner here so he wouldn't have to go to bed hungry - they got his order totally wrong (not prepared wrong - they brought a completely different dish) - but, by this time he was so hungry and tired, he just ate what they brought.  Again - not particularly exceptional service.The prices are good, it's off the main strip, and it's not bad for a conference - the rooms were good, and the AV guy that was there was exceptionally good!  But, don't go expecting the moon - because, at best, you'll get a dark little cloud, not unpleasant, but nothing special.
3	South Point is a nice enough hotel/casino without the craziness of being on the strip.The rooms are standard for a hotel.  While I have never stayed here personally, my wife and son have and for the two of them the setting was just fine.  There are plenty of food options and the casino floor is clean, relatively speaking.  South Point is a little more family friendly than others.  There is a good sized pool area, bowling alley and a movie theater to keep everyone entertained.The tables here at SP are less expensive than those that are on the strip so if you want to get away from the masses and find a decent table, it isn't a bad option.  The dealers seem to be a bit more friendly and outgoing and it's always more fun giving your money away when the person you're giving it to is friendly right?The thing that knocks this down to 3 stars is South Point's ventilation system.  I have no problem with people smoking but what I do have a problem with is SP's HVAC system cannot keep up with the amount of smoke from the casino floor.  I might have well put a cigarette in my mouth as it was that thick.South Point is not a bad option by any means.....just please oh please, work on your ventilation system.
3	Good value low-brow Vegas experience.  Far from the Strip so quite cheap for the rooms and they give you the old-fashioned coupon book to incentivize you to check things out.  I get the sense that this serves more of a regional/local than the national/international crowd that gravitates towards the Strip.Pluses:    * Rooms are spacious compared to what I'm used to (read: bigger than typical urban downtown)    * Sheets comfortable, bathrooms clean.    * Check-in is friendly and efficient    * Movie theater in same building (if you are on vacation I don't know why you'd want that but, still, it's not something I've seen in a hotel before)    * Breakfast buffet food quality was higher than I expected, especially after the coupon discount to about $3.50/per person.  $10 seems fair.    * Free wi-fi in rooms and on floorMinuses:    * Upstairs bars and arcade close early    * Smoking allowed    * Bar service can be slow
5	Beautiful Hotel!!!!
5	Nice hotel about 5 miles south of strip.  Rooms are clean, hotel is clean, the restaurant and buffet in the lobby are great and cheap. Taxi ride about $25 to main strip. no complaints always 49-59 a night.
5	I love South Point Casino! I always come up here, weather it's tables or slots!The sports bar is the BEST! Look for Simon, he's a sweetheart! He made my drinks just the way I like them. And he definitely wasn't stingy with the shots he gave us.  And don't forget to play while your at the bar to save yourself some money.Anyways, my favorite table dealer was Yandy. He was nice and helped me learn how to play some of the games. He was a really good dealer because I kept winning hen I had him then I would fall down as soon as he left.As for the dealer Linda, I don't know if she was just there too long and didn't want to be there anymore, but she was rude! She wouldn't really help me, she kept yelling at the guy next to me for him not to bend the cards when he was just picking them up. Yea, she wasn't pleasant to be around at all.Overall, I was there a few times this past weekend and I came late night til early morning and I had a good experience. Simon is the best bartender and Yandy is the best dealer. Go check them out!
4	Garden buffet rocks for the price.  Usually you don't get good food at the end of the day, but they were still turning the food at closing.    Lots of food too bad it will be thrown away.  I paid $14 including tax...that is a bargain for the variety...seafood, Asian,  Mexican, Italian, salad bar, carving station, Mongolian stir fry, and a wine bar.People get your stomachs over to this buffet...get in my belly.
2	This was my 4th time staying here, most of the positive reviews you'll read are correct. This experience wasn't my best, the 1st day I got here every pool was over-crowded with KIDS KIDS KIDS, even the large juquzzi Spa. You could see adult trying a escape the wrath of the unsupervised Kids. There was a need to assign an adult only area like the juquzzi would have been perfect. That same day I ate at the Oyster Bar when I arrive and later had a Santa fe Chicken salad at the cafe, then developed food poisioning and spent my entire vacation puking, sleeping and not able to eat and enjoy myself. On my final day I was too ill to travel I ended up having to purchase additional night to have a place to sleep and a toliet to run too. This was a top choice hotel for me prior to this experience, annually a large group of friends and I use this hotel. I will have to reconsider my choice, I've spent more time in their bathroom reading my twitter and texting me friends to see what they were doing back home and on the strip, then enjoying my vacation. I guess I could have gone to Mexico if I wanted to get sick from the food it would have been cheaper and expected
2	well, where do i begin... ok....My husband stayed a this hotel recently on business and he kept talking about how it's such a great hotel and it has everything one could want to stay there.. first, it's away from the strip which was cool (because I've been there & done that.. ha-ha) next, this hotel has a movie theater, bowling, bingo, tons & tons of slot machines, black jacks and the works.. bunch of restaurants offering fine dining, & other casual dining a huge buffet with great food, coffee shops, bars,etc.. beautiful pool area, fitness center, salon.. and other amenities as well.  SO.. with all that fabulous stuff I mentioned one would say WOW! sounds terrific! .. it's a beautiful hotel, with large beautiful rooms that are very comfortable. I love the hotel and everything that comes with it.... except the employees...... I'm telling you, as beautiful as this hotel is they do not hire friendly, happy nice people!! check this out.. they have cocktail waitresses walking around and after gambling and feeling thirsty (since they did not come to our area) i went to the bar and asked for a bottle of water. the waitress had an attitude and was rude and gave me a small bottle reluctantly. i asked for another bottle for my husband and she had the nerve to tell that she cannot because they are $2 a bottle!! what the hell!! i said we are staying here & my husband is right over there and would like some water..she decided to give me another little tiny bottle and then decided to talk about me to the other waitress that was standing by her... rude, rude, rude.. then later on that night i went to one of the little shops to buy some ice cream and the nasty person behind the counter huffed 'I'm closed" turned off the light and turned her back on me! yo!! I'm tripping out at this point.. i cannot believe such rude service for such a beautiful high end hotel.. so i called front dest & asked to speak to a manager and I explained the 2 situations.. she apologized and said that she will 'comp" our breakfast the next day... My husband and I had breakfast next morning and when we went to check out...what happened?? Yep.. they charged us for breakfast instead of "comping" as they had said. I had to explain to the front desk person that i spoke with a supervisor (Tiffany) and she said to charge breakfast to our room and it will be comp! she had a attitude but decided to remove it off my bill... there were more rude situations.. but all i have to say is this.. while this is a beautiful hotel/resort with beautiful comfortable rooms and many amenities and our maid was good as she did clean our room and left it beautiful.. but overall customer service SUCKS!!!!! this hotel does not hire friendly or nice people.. therefore i refuse to stay at this hotel again!!!!
4	I went to try the place on a recommendation from a friend who stayed there and a promo from the hotel for a $40 mid week rate. Great place for double the price! The room was well appointed, clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly, casino is large with a good layout, cool sports book, nice pool area, movie theater ROCKS!!!!!
1	This is a complaint about the security for the bowling at midnight of the bowling alley on May 28, 2012. They were not letting in minors which was clearly posted and were carding everyone. However, I don't understand how a person (me) who is 21 cannot be a legal supervising guardian of 2 minors. The security told me it had to be the actual parent(s). That was not posted anywhere and was only told by word of mouth. So the parents come and the security is talking to a gentleman probably barely only 21 as well and we overhear the guard saying he will let it slide letting a minor in without the parent being there. After letting them in we bring up what just happened and he straight up lies saying they are legal guardians. So my problem is their policy and the definition of being a legal guardian.
3	Not technically on The Strip but on Las Vegas Blvd.This is a full service hotel for those of us that live nearby.  They have everything that you are looking for in a big casino resort.  If you have family coming in to town and you want them to get the Vegas experience without having to drive to the Strip every day, the South Point could be the spot for you.Room rates are really resonable.
4	Great hotel, it's technically still on the strip but about 20 minutes South. It's renovated, clean, and good service plus VALUE. (it was approx. $100/night)If I return to Vegas, I'll keep this place in mind again :)
4	No Resort FeeFree Wifi in Lobby areaSpacious RoomCleanFunctioning A/C (Very cold)Comfortable BedStrong Shower PressuresEZ ParkingPool opens until 10pmLoose SlotsSome dining options and non casino entertainment options available.For $49 on weekday night, what can you expect?oh they also give u a booklet (2x) when you check in , that also throw in 2 beers for free.. What else can you ask for???Definitely COME!
4	Decent bang for the buck if you don't care about being on the strip. Perhaps the second best deal behind the LVH although this place is newer. The steakhouse is alright as is the deli. My biggest annoyance? Multiple players cards for different games. You need one players card for poker, another for table games, another for sportsbook. Just completely stupid that they can't tie them all together in 2012.
4	Great hotel for the price. No resort fees and close enough to the strip without the hassle of traffic! We're having our nieces birthday bowling party here and we all live in So Cal! Couldn't beat the price of bowling with better facilities than the rest of what Vegas has to offer (Bowling Alleys) Off to the pool now Ciao!BTW Wi-Fi is free in the lobby areas only
2	This review is for the Primm on Stateline, the rooms are nice, the slots are ok, but the management need to do something about some of thier employees, they need better people skills being rude just dos not cut the mustard, I worked customer service for better than 40 years and when a guest speaks to one employee ignoring them is not the answer being polite gos a long way. I was standing in line on my last visit, the second day of my stay my key did not work so rather than be rude by budding up in line i peasantly got in line and waited with every one els only to have the clerk at the dest allow a guest to move infront of me when i was up i than said wait a minute im next, she than said he is a platinum card holder, ok how did she know i was'nt , this typ of unprofessional conduct is not acceptable, i than brought this matter up with thier suervisor and got an apology hopefully this will not happen again.
4	The hotel is nice and clean, Lot's of cool stuff like a bowling alley and a movie theater,  the buffet is also awesome!! We stayed there on a Saturday and so they had the champagne brunch witch featured mimosas. The food selection was spectacular, didn't expect the variety, everything from prime rib to sushi, to breakfast items. Nice. My one knock on this place would be the fact that they don't offer a free Internet connection in  your room, which is not a great thing. They only offered it in the lobby. I would have liked to been able to log on in my room.
4	Stayed here cause I got a free room. Didn't know what to expect. Passed by this casino every time going to vegas but I'm glad I stayed here. This is probably one of the best casinos/hotel i been to. They have soo much to do here. They have dollar bowling and dollar beers at midnight til 8am excludes holidays and weekends. No minors allowed after midnight unless with parents in the bowling alley after midnight. Which is a good thing, too many damn kids running around as it is. It gets pretty busy cause a lot of the locals go here since its a good deal. They have a movie theater which is pretty cool. I never heard of a casino/hotel having a bowling alley and movie theater.(The Orleans also has both of these) The pool area is pretty nice but a lot of kids here. They have a gym here, but to use but it cost 15 effing bucks to use. no thanks.This seems to be a family oriented casino, but still nice. They have cheap midnight food specials. Got steak and eggs for $4 bucks or eggs and bacon for only $3 bucks. Best of all about this casino is the cheap table games. They have 1 dollar roulette. You can play with quarters. Another great thing about this place is they have 3 dollar and 5 dollar craps it various depending on the time. It was great playing with drunk people, they were throw money left and right. It was a fun night gambling. The rooms is pretty nice and spacious. Not much of a view but the rooms are nice and clean. The only reason why I gave them 4 stars and not 5 is the customer service/front desk are rude. I'm pretty much on par with everyone else about customer service but besides that the hotel/casino is great. I would def stay here again. It's far from the strip but since its far from the strip food and gas is cheaper in the area. They have a capriotti's sandwich place across the street next to del taco and about 8 minutes away they have a bachi burger. Also a bank of america is across the street from bachi burger too so if you wanna get extra cash out w/o paying the atm fee's inside the casino this might save you a couple bucks.
2	I really wanted to like this hotel more then I did. It's a newer building with a beautiful look. Its located in a great area (off the strip but adjacent to the freeway.) with plenty of parking. The inside decor of the hotel is reminiscent of The Shinning (I loves me my creepy movies) with long, seemingly endless, hallways with red carpet and striped wallpaper. All it needed was the twin girls at the end of the call asking you to come play with them "Forever and ever..."*Sigh* Didn't like it so much though.The room I shared with my mother (This trip was kind of an early B-day gift for her) was very nice looking. Clean comfy beds, clean carpet and I liked the bathroom even if it was a bit of an odd design. (There just seemed to be one door to many in too small a space.)Sadly, our room was not what I hoped it would be, especially for what I payed for. The lamp fixtures didn't work, the shower leaked and seemed a bit dingy, The coffee maker... Well, I guess the quality of the actual coffee was not good at all. (But I can't hold that against them and I won't. At this point I realize I am being fussy.) Other little things bothered me as well. When we actually arrived we couldn't relax in our room because room service was already in there. We had to wait 15mins with our feet off the floor so they could vacuum. We just drove 5 hours... Tired.The do have an amazing little Deli that serves very fresh delicious bagels and really good chicken noodle soup (not at the same time but I guess if you wanted...) plus the staff is really nice! Del Mar Deli I believe it is called. GO THERE! I command it.I do want to give this place another try but not for a while.
1	I drove to vegas may 6th,  to get my hair done.   im from huntington beach,  california,  and went all the way there,  well i had to get a place to stay,  because of the drive and time it takes to get hair extensions.  i booked a room at SOUTH POINT.  i heard it was nice,  besides it was close to the guys house that was doing my hair.   well my hair is destroyed,  but that is not what this is about.  the whole hotel stunk like a cigarette,  even my non smoking room,  which had dirty carpet,  and walls for a view outside my window,   the ac hardly worked and the room had practically no lite,   they also had some note about trying to conserve water or something,   like you should use your towels more than once,  and i dont think they change the sheets too often.  i booked that room a month in advance,   on top of that,  they booked it wrong at first so they billed my card twice for the room,  i was refunded the first cost but still,   when i went to actually confirm my room,  it was denied because of the double billing, thing.  that was resolved,  but my advice, is  DONT GO TO VEGAS TO GET HAIR EXTENSIONS  AND DONT STAY AT SOUTH POINT.
3	Got a voucher to go here because Spirit Airlines canceled our flight, so we came to nap for a few hours until our next one. The place is HUGE! There were a lot of people, especially families. To be honest, I probably never would've known this place existed if we hadn't gotten a voucher for it because I always stay on the strip. There were a lot of food places inside. I wanted to check out the pool but didn't have time to.  The room was okay, not too shabby but nothing fancy or modern looking. I think rooms are pretty cheap compared to places on the strip, so I guess you get what you pay for! I wouldn't come back, just because I'd rather pay for the fancy stuff if I'm going to be paying to go to Vegas anyway. But if you're on a budget and don't care, this isn't a bad place to stay!If you happen to come here with an airline voucher and they give you cab vouchers to get to and from the airport, only like 2 cab companies accept the vouchers. (Spirit didn't give us enough money for the cab so we still had to pay extra) But those cabs don't come by the hotel often, so tell the front desk to call one for you way in advance. We did this at the last minute, so the cab didn't come on time and we ended up having to just pay for another cab on our own so we wouldn't miss our next flight. That was annoying because we wouldn't even need to take that cab anyway if they hadn't canceled our flight!
5	I live around the corner from the South Point and I love this hotel.  The staff is so friendly and the food is always good.I enjoy the comps I receive for a few things and they really take care of me.  The Gaughn family has been in the casino business in Vegas forever and they know how to take care of their customers.
3	On a recent trip to California, we decided to fly into Las Vegas, spend two nights (one full day), then drive out to CA.  For the most part, we had never been to Vegas.For starters, check-in at South Point did not go smoothly.  We arrived late in the evening after working all day, driving for two hours, and flying for three hours.  The girl at the desk was less than welcoming.  Then, when we got up to our 12th floor "city view" room (which, granted, did face north toward the very distant city skyline), we found ourselves staring at a tin roof and a parking garage.  Not to mention the incredibly bright HPS lights shining into our windows all night long.  When we're in our room, we want to sleep, not be blinded by yellow lights.  On top of this, it took a total of two additional trips to the front desk to get two working room keys.  Not what I wanted to be doing at the end of the day.In-room amenities were decent, save for the television and internet access (or lack thereof).  90% of the TV channels were of such poor quality it was unenjoyable.  It looked as though the signal was coming in on rabbit ears.  Certainly nowhere near being on par with a typical high-end hotel.  And the internet access...  The year is 2012.  There is no reason why a hotel should charge its guests for WiFi.  You can walk up and down the street and find free WiFi.  If I'm paying money to stay, eat, and play at your hotel/casino, the least you can do is offer free WiFi and decent television.On our second and final night, we decided to try our hand in the casino.  After about about 45 minutes of playing, we had not been approached by a single cocktail waitress.  That, coupled with the fact we lost more money than we intended to spend made the entire gambling experience a letdown.On the other hand, many things in the hotel were quite nice.  The movie theater and bowling alley are wonderful amenities, though we did not have time to utilize them.  The hotel and casino facilities themselves are very clean, though our stay reinforced our disdain for establishments that allow smoking.  The in-house restaurants also looked to be very good, particularly Steak 'n Shake, which we ate at twice.  On that note, I would like to see more casual eateries over the nicer sit-down places.  After a long day of sightseeing, the food at Don Vito's looked fantastic but the atmosphere just wasn't all that attractive and the prices weren't as competitive as Steak 'n Shake.We also enjoyed the breakfast buffet, though it too was not without problems.  On our final day, we arrived at the buffet around 9:30 AM.  After a 15 minute wait in line, we approached the hostess and presented our 50% off buffet coupons, only to be told that a players club card is required to redeem them.  Our players cards were in the room since we'd gone downstairs to eat, not gamble.  She was unable to access the information in her computer so, upset, we walked back up to our rooms (at which time 10:00 had rolled around--the time at which food is no longer put out on the buffet), gathered our belongings, and left the hotel for good.  We then had a breakfast at a local restaurant that was leaps and bounds better than the buffet breakfast.In summary, we enjoyed our time at South Point but more than likely will not be back.  There are just too many other places to stay in Las Vegas, many of which better emphasize guest service and some of which prohibit smoking.  That having been said, everyone has different preferences and I know several people who won't stay anywhere but South Point.
1	This was a horrible first time experience! I received a promotional NASCAR email at the beginning of 2012 for a complimentary stay at South Point and followed up a few months later with a reservation, which i made for late July.  So I printed out the confirmation email, and went to Vegas and onto South Point on the appointed date.  First of all, once we walked to the enclosed elevator room, it was NOT air conditioned. Then, there was no sign to indicate which level is the casino, so I had to press both up and down elevator buttons.  Once on the elevator, it was NOT air conditioned either! Already I was getting a bad feeling about this casino/hotel.  Well, it went from bad to worse.  Went to the registration area, and was assisted by  Mark J after at least a fairly long 20 minute wait.  I asked for adjoining rooms with a family member who also has a NASCAR complimentary stay reservation.  Guess what, South point DOESN'T have any adjoining rooms, evidently it was built that way.  Then we were told that internet is $12.99 per device per 24 hours (per device!), or we can just come down to the lobby to use the internet for free! Wow, so if before bed,I wanted to relax by surfing the internet, Ishould wear my pajamas, bring my pillow, and lie down on the sofa in the lobby?  Anyways, Mark processes the reservation, and I do what I'm supposed to, and show my drivers license and credit card.  Once he processes everything, he says i need to produce the promotional email.  I show him the reservation email I brought, which has the wording NASCAR promotional stay,and he shakes his head and says the "ORIGINAL" promotional email must be shown.  I tell him I don't have it, and he says that i must produce it, along with my family member.  I ask to speak to a supervisor, and Mark goes over to talk to one, instead of bringing the supervisor over, and comes back to tell me I can walk over to the business center and use the free of charge computer and print out the email.  So I walk over to the business center, and the computer I sit down at has a payment screen.  IT ISN'T FREE!!! But there was a nice gentleman there who did pay, and was kind enough to let me use his paid computer access to print the email.  I printed out two copies, and went back to the front desk.  I didn't wait in the 20 minute line, and stood off too the side,and a female front desk agent snidely told me that "THIS ISN'T A LINE"and I told her my previous experience, and she stopped talking, mercifully.  Then a J Presley, whose name tag had the title "assistant front desk supervisor" talked to us.  I told him about the unpleasantness with Mark J, going to the business center, the while nine yards, and instead of offering an apology, he accused me of being "condescending".  I may have been a little loud, but definitely not condescending.  Finally I came up to the room, and another bad design is putting the toilet in the same room as the shower/tub.  So if someone is using the toilet, another person can't take a shower.  I just don't have a good feeling about this place, and recommend everyone reading this to skip this hotel/casino and let it go BANKRUPT!
2	There are better hotels in Vegas, let's be honest here. It's far away from the strip. But I do think they offer shuttle services to and from the strip hourly. A little old school in decor (lots of gold, blinking lights and smoke everywherreeeee)BUT on Fridays, they do have $2.00 drinks. My mouth about hit the ash tray below me when the bartender said all drinks were $2.00. "I'll have 40 Modelos please"They held a company's conference here and did a very good job refilling food, keeping it at a good temp as well. They provided a covered walkway to protect us non locals from the SCORCHING SUN, and also a mister. So besides the old school vibe of the hotel, my experience was a good one!
4	I am rating the casino floor. It had all the necessities of what is needed in a casino floor in Vegas: Slots, food, drinks, sports booking, and other casino games. Not crowded like the strip, but it does get busy when there is a convention at the hotel.
5	My husband & I enjoyed my stay here at the South Point Hotel especially since they had a raffle/sweepstakes going on several months ago (http://dealnews.com/South-Point-Hotel-Casino-and-Spa-in-Las-Vegas-1-Night-Stay-for-free/559492.html).  I signed myself & my husband up so that we could stay there for 2 nights for FREE!! How awesome is that?! xD On top of that, for each night we stayed, we received 2 coupon booklets upon check-in with discounts for HALF OFF Club Member Prices for the Garden Buffet in the hotel.  Wow! That was such an amazing discount!  On top of that, the coupon booklet even includes a voucher for a FREE drink redeemable at any of their bars or lounges.  How cool is that?! Oh yeah, and I fell in love with their Rose-scented body lotion that they provide in the hotel room. It smells so good! xDI think the only downside to the room was that there was no fridgerator.  That kind of sucked, but everything else was REALLY NICE!!  My last stay was in the Imperial Palace, and this place is SOOOO MUCH NICER!! Because of the free night stays & coupon vouchers, this was probably the most inexpensive trip for me & my husband! xD What a bargain!
4	I've driven past this hotel every time I've go to Vegas and always wondered about it since it's bright gold and impossible to miss. I ended up staying there a couple months ago when we were going to Vegas for a big event and all the hotels on the strip were booking up and becoming super expensive. It's 5-7 miles away from the strip so if you don't have a car that could be a problem, but for us it was fine.Parking is free and we were able to check in quickly. The room was clean and had a lot of space. We didn't spend much time in the hotel and didn't get to use any of the amenities like the bowling alley or the movie theater, but we did visit the pool area. The pool was average-size and very family friendly. The drinks were priced fairly too, much less expensive than some of the places on the strip. Obviously not a good place to stay if you're coming to Vegas for a bachelor party, but it's great if you need an affordable, nice hotel and don't mind not being in the middle of all the Vegas action.
5	Having stayed in many Las Vegas hotels I've come to expect a lot...  This being said South Point was amazingly nice! It's large enough to get an elegant resort feel, yet small enough to get in and out of in less than five minutes. The valet was fast and never full, the buffet was reasonably priced with ample variety and the room I stayed in was spacious- 1000sf and it was comped! Low table minimums and a wide array of slots, plus a decent sized sports book make this place a great choice to get your gaming on... If you stay you'll play, so be sure to join their players club and soon you too will get free food and rooms. Give this place a try, you'll keep coming back.
2	it is ok. if it wasn't close to my house I wouldn't go there.
5	OK....here goes :)I have stayed in several hotels in las vegas over the past 25 years and have stayed at the south point about 10-12 times over the past 2 years.  It's true, there are better hotels in vegas, but for the money....South point is great!Here are some things that truely make them stand out and keeps me coming back (I will start att he begining....not necc. the best or worst...lol)- the valet are promp and always have a smile on their faces...they have helped out with directions and always with my baggage! (4.5 stars)- The check is staff at the front desk is average at best ( a 3 stars)- The rooms are nice and always clean...nice ameneties@ House keeping is always pleasant and smiling (4 stars)- The buffet is a great value! (4 stars)- Prime Rib place was bad.....low quality meat and not worth it (the prime rib at the buffet was better!)..2 stars- Don Vito's is EXCELLENT!!! (5 stars)- Coronado cafe is ok-good (3.5 stars) it would have been 4 stars, but the staff there is bad from the hostess to the waiters- the pool is nice...a bit small by las vegas hotel standards, but nice (4 stars)- The rest of the ameneites that the hotel has is also 4 stars....but what makes me give this place a 5 star rating the the casino and casino staff (especially the pit boss Doug...he is the buff/yoked out dude!)  They are always smiling....they know your name....always quick witted.....they make me feel very comfortable.....When I win, they seem happy for me....when I ose, they say you will get them next time!They are like old vegas in that sense and know how to treat people....from the cocktail waitress to the dealers and espcially the pit bosses....they make the place 5 stars....Did Imention DOUG!!!! GREAT GUY!!!!thank you south point and doug....we willbe there this labor weeked with family again!!!
4	Really nice room, I was surprised! Very clean and comfy. The pool was small but nice. I love having a movie theater and bowling at the property. We had a great time.
4	Last time I stay at this hotel was in May 2012.  From February 2011 through June 2011, I pretty much lived here. Pros:-Nice rooms, epecially for the price.  During the week, the rooms are as low as $50.  Rooms are clean, fully stocked, and comfortable-TV: Big enough flat screen, but not many channels.  This is the hotels trick to keep you out of your room and into the casino-Bingo:  Plenty of late nights killing time playing bingo.  Not bad, fun actually.  I'm one of those lazy bingo players that have the machines.  -Movies:  Movie Theater upstairs near the Bingo and Bowling.  A lot of locals here. When I stay at this hotel, I never watched a movie here.  Now that I live here, I watched movies a handful of times here. -Bowling:  Convenient that there's place to bowl in all hours of the day.  But regardless what time you come in, there always seems to be some league going.  Or, it's crazy busy.  Only bowled here twice.  I end up heading to the Orleans if I'm down for late night bowling. -Gaming:  I don't gamble much anymore so I can't judge.  But I do check out the Poker Room from time to time, even now.  Not a bad room to play at. It's rarely busy and you'll be playing with mostly locals. -Parking and Valet:  Better than anywhere on the strip. -Fitness Room, Spa, and Pool:  Love them all, especially the staff.  There is a cost to use their gym.  But sometimes I get in for free.  Doesn't hurt to ask. -Bar and Eats:  About average.  When it comes to drinking and eating, it sometimes comes down to who your company is.  I've always had a good time here with whoever I'm with. -Perfect if you are traveling with kids.  There's movies, bowling, pools, and an arcade. Cons:The only issue is that this hotel/casino is located off the strip.  Don't let the Las Vegas Blvd address fool you.  I actually prefer that, but the "Vegas Baby!!" crowd may not.  Overall,  I recommend this place for anyone coming into town or locals that want a nice and clean hotel at a good price.  Don't come here thinking it's going to be the Bellagio or Mandalay.  But it's far better than Hotels like Circus Circus and Tropicana.
5	First time visiting Vegas and this was our comped room for night since our flight was cancelled. Great hotel! Big rooms, casino open all night and free drinks if you're staying at the hotel.It also has a movie theater, spa and restaurants.
4	Friday night $2 drinks, an arena with jousting, a great movie theatre and a showroom are all pros. Lack of a good but not expensive food spot removes a star. The showroom is always cold FYI... Otherwise I somehow find myself here more often than most casinos!
4	I recently stayed at the South Point for 2 nights.  Overall a great experience!!  The rooms were clean, well appointed and the casino was huge and not very smokey.  They had all the games that you would normally find at the casinos on the strip but without the pretentious and or intoxicated crowd.  I agree with the other reviewers that because of the distance from the strip you don't really get the full Vegas experience but South Point does offer a shuttle service to the strip for $8/day.  They run on the hour every hour until 2 am I think.During our most recent trip they provided coupon books that offered free well drinks, 50% off the buffet and a free dessert at a few of their in house restaurants as well as other offers.  We tried the seafood buffet dinner and they had the usual +  all you can eat crab legs, with the coupon it was $9/person...not bad at all.  Also tried the Coronado cafe and Don Vito's Italian.  Great service at both restaurants.  Good food and reasonably priced.Ample parking and quick access to the hotel were 2 other positives.I would recommend this hotel/casino to anyone that would like to have Vegas fun on a budget!!
5	Not what I expected at all! In a good way. I figured a casino hotel outside, and I mean WAY south of the main "strip" would be a dive. It turns out that this is a hidden gem. The casino is a big and as well appointed as any of the major casinos. The rooms are large and more importantly clean. The pool is wonderful as is their hot tub and exercise rooms. I've been to the strip many times so this was refreshing. We had a car so no big deal to get on the freeway and zip over to the strip if we wanted. It was actually nice not to be in the middle of the chaos for once. You'll pay less per night too.
4	This is one of the first major casinos you will see approaching vegas on I-15N.  Parking is much easier compared to other places perhaps cos its further away from the strip!  Roulette tables start at $1 minimum even on long weekend!
3	This place was pretty good.  Very inexpensive for new rooms.  It's not too close to the strip but really how close do you need to be to have fun in Vegas? South Point is right off the freeway so it's a quick drive.  I wanted to see the horses!!! This casino/hotel has a huge racetrack where they run horses and have shows, I was so bummed out that I missed the show!  The only real downside to this hotel was the TV channels and the Wifi.  I like being a lazy when I go on vacation so I do prefer at least a little bit of time to wind down and watch some tv or play on my laptop.  Almost all of the channels were horse racing.. which is pretty neat if you're obsessed with horse racing but not so great if you just want a lame sitcom or the late late show.  Also, any place that doesn't have free wifi is pretty much ridiculous...  In this day and age all hotels should have free wifi unless you're out in the boonies...  If you charge a fee it actually makes me not want to stay there.  My mother booked the hotel... If I had seen that I would've said that we should stay somewhere else.All that being said, I may stay here again.  Very affordable and I liked that it was an entertainment center all to itself.  They have a huge bowling alley and their own movie theaters, they also have plenty of food venues and bars inside.  The pool is pretty big and the parking lot is huge.  Can't wait to see those horses next time I come!
4	We don't always win, but we break even for our $40.00 and the drinks are CHEAP on Friday nights and the staff is really nice (cocktail waitresses).  We love this place and you should always choose this over GVR if you're a Henderson resident wanting to just go out one night.  The comedy is in a good place too, no bad seats.
4	It was a last minute decision going to Vegas and because it was last minute we had not booked a room. It was a decision should we stay on the strip or off the strip? So the executive decision was to stay off the strip and South point was our go to hotel. How did south point get a country decor? Wasn't it just name because it was south of the Las Vegas strip? Hmmmm! is that why they did the country theme? Hopefully someone would answer my questions. Casino was bright and surprisingly very upbeat. The rooms were roomy and clean the only down fall was you couldn't get the curtains to close all the way and that bit of sunlight seeping through early morning can be a drag. I had a ray of sunlight across my eyes at 6am it was perfectly set on my eyes. $5.00 dollar blackjack tables, hello is this 1999 again? When your poor and have somewhat of a gambling addiction $ 5.00 tables are so enticing. Crap tables super fun if you have the right group. If you get a players club and spend a good amount at the tables they will comp you. No vegas hotels comp much anymore so South Point was a real Gem. Buffet is terrible but if you look inside your coupon book its 50% off. Who can beat 50% off for a buffet it was satisfying. Also in the free coupon book you get a free souvenir.  You can get a shuttle to drive you into Vegas for 8 dollars and if you have a car then its only 15 minutes away.I would stay here again it was clean and inexpensive.
3	We didn't stay here, but someone told us that this a great place to go watch some football and get cheap drinks. We decided to ome here last minute when we couldn't get a table at Lagasse Stadium at Palazzo where we were staying.  One of our guy friends had a wild hair got a limo to go there, which was kinda of fun. In the end, we really didn't over spend if you factored in the free drink passes and the cheap drinks at South Point.There were lots of locals there, which was so much much fun getting to know Vegas from the locals.Tables are hella cheap here. I could play at the $5 black tables all day long and not lose my ass. Then again, you won't win big either. I don't think I would stay here as I prefer the shows, clubs, and restaurants more on the Strip. Still a fun place to hang out.
4	Great local casino. Has a movie theater, bowling alley and Bingo are all on the 2nd floor which are all fun.Sports book is bleh. Great restaurants, the Big Sur Oyster Bar is really good! The Mexican food place sucks. Steak and shake is really good. Here is a hint to get your food faster. Go in and pass the line everybody is in. Come in and directly to the left is the TO GO counter, almost always a short or no line. Simply take your food and go eat it in the sports book bar which has a lot of open tables. Steakhouse is decent, I suggest Hank's Steakhouse in Green Valley Ranch with is not to far away.I stayed here once and the bed sucked, you get what you pay for I guess. It is not an expensive Hotel.
1	I normally dont write reviews unless i'm VERY compelled.  This was one of those situations.  I am staying in a room and we have only been sitting for about 20 minutes when  we found old dried blood on the bed runner in  more than one spot. We called and asked if they could change the linens. They sent someone who looked at the stain and left. After about 20 minutes the front desk called  and asked us if we wanted linens changed or just to change rooms. My friend asked if we could have a discount or moved to a suite because of the gross inconvenience and they treated us as if we were the scum of the earth. She told us that whoever looked at the stain said that the blood looked fresh, as if we did if ourselves, and the most they would do is change the linens. 20 more minutes they sent two cleaning ladies  who stripped one bed (even though we asked them to change both beds) then they left. We have now been waiting 2   hours of our very precious vacation and we still dont even have linens. I will never stay here again. I prefer to feel appreciated when i give a business my money.
4	Have never stayed in a room here but when we have guest come in from out of town we seem to hit this place up for the Bingo.  They also have a movie theater inside and the 3 times we have gone to see a movie there it has always been clean. YAY for no sticky seats. There is also a bowling ally located in here that has a bar attached to the side. Bowling seems to be your same old kind of ally and there always seem to be lanes open.  Im not sure if they do leagues here but I have never had a problem getting a lane.  The bar attached serves ok drinks and next to that is your normal food of hotdogs, nachos, popcorn kinda snack.  Its close to my house so I know we will be back.
2	South Point has a pretty large casino, but definitely draws a much older crowd. It is off the strip, but there is a shuttle that can take you if you decide to go (for just a small fee). My two-star review is due to the bartending service (or lack there of) that I received. Not only did it take them forever to make my drinks, but each bartender i had was really rude. They didn't try to start conversation, didn't smile, and all seemed like they hated their lives.
3	I was here for the Dave and Mahoney's Beer Bash and Food Truck Fest in 2012. The pool party was a lot of fun even if they were sharing the hotel with a cowboy rodeo.  (this happens a lot at this casino) the hotel was laid out nice everything was easy to get to and locate.  The Valet was easy to use as long as you don't lose your ticket. After spending the evening boozing it up at the pool and having to get up for work the next day it was a tough item to find but they chuckled along with me about being hung over and we had a good time while I searched my bag and waited for the car to arrive. There was a faint smell of horse/farm animal you just couldn't escape even inside and I had to wonder if that is just a side effect of having some many cowboy events there but after a few hours my nose got used to it and I was able to enjoy my time there. The elevators were fast, clean and you didn't have to use your room key to locate your floor so I was doubly impressed.  If you don't mind horse dung and like the cowboy scene this is definitely the place to be.
3	I'm giving South Point Hotel 3 stars. I got to stay here for free off a promotion. The room was big and nice and clean. No view, but hey the room was free. The bathroom was big, but no fan. Everything was nice and clean. Staff was very nice and friendly. South Point Hotel is far off the strip. There really nothing near by, but they have a movie theater, arcade for the kids, pool, and little shops there. Lots of slots and table games. They also have a bowling ally and Bingo. No free Wi fi in the room, but you get free Wi fi in the lobby and most of the bars and such. When you check in they give you a booklet about there hotel and inside you get free drinks coupons and coupons for 50% off the buffet and you also get a free key chain at there gift shop. I think it a nice place to stay, but not for me, it out of the way so going to the strip and stuff would be a problem if you don't have a car and it seem like it for a older age group. I'm not sure if they offer a shuttle to the strip. I think more locals stay here or people who staying off the strip. I think there more older people then younger people . Also they do have a securtiy guard at night time waiting from the casnio to the hotel room to make sure people don't bring more people into the room. It the first time I saw a guard making sure people didn't have more people in the room so if you planning to throw a party or have more people in your room make sure to avoid him.
3	I used to like this place a lot more than I do now. It's right by my house, but lately it really has gone down in the dumps. The positive things they do have going for them 1) they typically have $5 BJ & $5 craps 2) on Friday nights from 6 to 10 pm they have $2 you call it drinks 3) have a lot of parking 4) they have a Steak 'n Shake 5) they have a movie theater 6) they have a bowling alleyThings that are not going well for them1) it's like pulling teeth to get comps there. They want you to play $25 a hand when the table min is $5 AND by the way this is not a high end Casino.  I highly doubt 95% of the people here are playing $25/hands. This isn't the Bellagio people2) you can't win, so why play $25 hands. Last couple of times I've been here I've been massacred at the tables3)  Dealers have gotten very strange & talk about the weirdest subjects. Like why you should invest all your money in Silver for the doomsday and fallout of the American Dollar. I don't want to talk about this, it's just weird PLUS I came here to relax and have a good time not solve the world's problems4) No sound during football games at the Sports Book, you can look/watch but you can't listen5)  No good breakfast place, there's only 1 place here besides the buffet that has breakfast and it's not very good at all6) Oyster bar used to be really good, but now it's not7) steakhouse is slightly below average in my opinion {every big casino needs an awesome steakhouse]
4	South Point Casino for "Cheap Dates"!- Yelpers, here's another interesting place for $2 happy hours drinks and $0.75 hot dogs! And, for SENIORS, $4 movies, also! My wife and I enjoy our occasional "Cheap Dates" at the South Point over "$4 movie, $2 drinks, $0.75 hot dogs"! Yes, it's a bit far for the drive, but we thought it'd be fun to do the el cheapo movie/drinks/hotdog combo once a while!- My wife and I rarely gamble, so it does not happen often that our "Cheap" Date would turn into an expensive one! ..... Oh well, maybe a few times it happened when we were hypnotized by the machines and succumed to the temptations...!  I estimated that in these "rare" occasions, our $0.75 hot dog became $40+ EACH gourmet snack! Sigh! So, do be careful!DETAILS - Enjoy at your own RISK!A. FRIDAYS ONLY:1. Fri, All Casino Bars, 4pm - 10pm- Happy Hour - All Drinks $22. Fri, 6am-noon, Coronado Cafe and All Casino Bars:- Mimosa or Bloody Mary for $1, or Bailey's Irish Cream and Coffee for $2!B. $2 drinks on OTHER DAYS:Miguel's Tequila Bar's "Tequila Time Happy Hour" - All Tequila Drinks $2, 5-7pm, Wed thru Sun only- Yes, they can make modified Bloody Mary and Martinis out of tequilas, too!C. SPECIAL DISCOUNT MOVIES for SENIORS with Players Club Card- $4 BEFORE 4PM, Monday thru Fri [$6 for XD; $10 for 3D Imax]- Sorry, our young Yelpers will miss out on this offer!Peterskis, Sept 2012
4	Southpoint is my go to casino, best LOCAL casino.  It's located in my neighborhood which is convenient.  They have some great eats here, a spa, a bowling alley and a movie theater ( that I have visited).What I especially come here for is the Sportsbook.  I say its the best sportsbook and not to mention that their sportsbook is open 24hours.  On game days they sell $0.75 hotdogs and did I mention they have happy hour on Fridays? Yesss!!!My family that comes to visit always prefer to gamble here, heck so do I.  $1 roulette, $5 blackjack and the waitress' are quick to serve you.  I come here pretty often and the bartenders are serving you before you even have to ask.  I have been to their hotel rooms and its a lot better looking them some of the strip casinos.  Just as a note**When the rodeo is town, you won't really be able to watch sports because they will ONLY play the rodeo.
4	Ummm..what?!! They have everything here! Slots, a movie theater, bowling, bingo...this review is for bingo & for my overall opinion of the place. I wish I was there to play but I was actually looking for a job. Boo! Since bingo is only an hour I did have a chance to check it out & see what they had to offer. Not much! Simple bingo. Confusing verbage too..coverall instead of blackout. We're not in California anymore Toto! They do have daubers in the vending machines that are 3 ozs..lol..which is good because I only had a purse going to the airport.4 stars for the overall feel of the place.2 stars for bingo.So technically it's supposed to be 3 stars but I'm just a fan that they have everything under one roof. AAAAAND its right around the corner from my brother's place! Tsk..tsk..dangerous. I need to come back & hang out next time..for sure!
4	I will say that after that "horrid" review I gave on South Point, Las Vegas (and please note that i was being completely truthful in the first place) i was contacted by the Director of sales and she apologized and said she will offer me special room rates! I though that was good service and she was very nice. I decided to amend the rating.
4	This was the first hotel I've been to in Las Vegas. It was one of the most elegant hotels I've been to in a while. The service was actually very good. The best part of all from our staying here was the buffet they have downstairs. It's not that pricy; if your cheap, you could get some coupons just by staying in the motel.Okay, the first thing we walked into the room, I noticed that it was pretty big. There was an ice machine just down the hall if you aren't use to the hot weather they have down at Vegas. The bathroom was spacey, and very clean. The one thing that I hated was the bed sheets. They smelled like pure chlorine, was a bit hard to sleep with that smell. The pool was filled was a bunch of kids. Guess what, it smelled even more like chlorine. It smelled so bad, it made my swimming wear smell like it.They had a gym here, but I didn't have time to go to it. The casino was like any other casino in Las Vegas. Smell like cigar and what not. Water bottles are about  $3 each...recommend to go the food-4-less that is close buy. Overall, I had a really good time here.
5	I did remember two things that bugged me. 1. No free Wi-Fi.. I expect free these days2. The fountain in the kiddie pool  is like a well with water coming out. Kids are attracted to it and naturally they are going to climb on it and play with it. The life-guard kept yelling in our direction every-time a kid started playing with the fountain, which happened often. Kids that age don't know that a life-guard is yelling at them. You can't really hear what they are yelling anyway because it's too far. I figured it out by body language in that when a kid got on the fountain the guard was focused on him/her whistle in hand.So either let kids play with the fountain or remove it. What did you think kids were going to do?
4	My sweets was overjoyed that they had a Steak & Shake inside the casino.  I've never heard of the chain.  The burger was good and overall it gets a thumbs up because of the prices...which I thought would be raised since they were within South Point.There's also a Century / Cinemark Theatre which has discounts and matinee specials, they were voted by Best of Las Vegas "Best bingo 3 yrs in a row" and there is a 64 lane bowl alley as well.  WTH?!  My most favorite part of their casino?  The gift shop sells bottles of booze for the price of supermarkets and some lower.  My Costco size jug of Captain was the same price!  Or was it a few bucks less?  Regardless, if I ever forget or I need to stock up and don't want to get it beforehand, this DEFINITELY is a stop to be made.This review is based on the casino and fixings...not the hotel, which I did not stay in.
4	So I'm pretty much an old lady. Although, I do like to pretend that I know what's hip and occasionally douche it up with the young'ns. But, this wasn't one of those times. I took the family to Vegas for a weekend getaway and South Point offered the best value. Yeah it's off the strip but it's fine if you drive here because you could just take the 5 minute drive in if you choose to. This hotel is beautiful inside and out. It doesn't feel all used and abused. It's very family friendly. They have a bowling alley, a movie theater, an equestrian center, an arcade, and all the other things you'd expect from a Vegas hotel; the casino, a spa, fitness center, barber shop, and pools. There's the main pool, a kiddie pool, and a jacuzzi. There is a daily fee for the fitness center,though, wack. The room was nice and clean, 500 sq. ft., the bathroom was big and had a door separating the bathtub from the vanity, which is awesome, right? I also had a view of the pool.The main floor has something like 9 restaurants, a few of which I did eat at. Also, the bowling alley has a snack bar that serves pizza, hot dogs, nachos, that type of thing.There was something wrong with the elevators while I was here, not sure if it happens all the time, but, there were only two of the six elevators working; kind of inconvenient.Overall, I had a great time. It was nice to get away and relax like a grown up.side note: I won my first night there and then lost it on the second night.My review and/or star rating was not affected by this experience.
4	This review is wayy over due.A bunch of friends and I stayed here during EDC week back in June of this year and we have nothing but GREAT things to say.Staff was very pleasent. Whenevr we had a question they were right on top of gettting the answers we needed.The room itself was very large (we had a two bed king room) and the bathroom was great. Plenty of channels on the tv even though we didnt watch much becasue we actually only came back to sleep or get ready.The thing we LOVED about it was the restauants and the fact it had a bowling alley/movie theater. Like what!? So many things to do and we didnt even see the whole hotel.Over all we had an amazing stay and it did not dissapoint. Pluss i think we only payed 300 for 4 nights and that was over a weekend wow! Great deal((: SEE YOU NEXT JUNE SOUTHPOINT! :)
4	I went here for their breakfast buffet, they had a decent price for it.  The selection was nice and the omelets made to order was top notch.  The service was excellent and they even had made Mimosas on Sunday.  The Casino was good, they did have some decent Pai Gow and blackjack , the video roulette and I did not get along .. haha.
5	This was one of the best hotel experiences I've ever had. This place has everything! They have a cafe that's open 24/7 with midnight specials, casino, an awesome gift shop with every type of liquor you could want and cheap, a kick ass movie theater, gym, barber and a salon, and the rooms are clean, comfortable and spacious! Our room, was huge. It had a king size bed, huge hallway, a table, living area with a coffee table and sofa, huge bathroom and dresser. The staff was awesome! I called a couple times with a few requests and they answered them with no hassle and fast, hell yeah! This place isn't located on the strip, its actually a couple exits before, so it's away from the hussle and bussle, just what I like. I need peace and quite. So it's far enough where you're away from the traffic, but close enough where taking a cab doesn't burn a hole through your wallet. The movie theater here is awesome, wish we had one like this back here in LA!
3	News Flash! It NO LONGER offers $2 drinks in its Casino Bars on Fridays!- Was I surprised this Fri evening( 10/19), when I got  the martini at my favorite  Silverado Bar (now $6 instead of $2)! Yes, the sign about the offer change was there last week,  but I somehow missed it!- Luckily the barkeep made a mean $6 martini, which was every bit as good as the $2 one in previous weeks, to make my trip there for movie ($4) and hotdog ($0.75) still somewhat worthwhile! Well, I did drink MORE RESPONSIBLY at the regular price of $6!- I guess, it's no longer a cheap date at that price for a drink, but still not too bad, especially if you could still go upstairs to the Tequila Bar, where all tequila drinks are still $2 between 5-7, Wed thru Sun!Moreover, offers of  $0.75 hotdog (usually before 5pm), AND $4 movie befor 4pm for SENIORS (Mon-Fri) are still GOOD!So, CREATE your own cheap dates! Peterskis, 10/19/12---
3	First visit here - western themed casino/hotel.  We went to see a horse show, the exhibition arena is great, fantastic sound, good seating.Easy parking.CASINO REVIEWNo jacks or better machines to be found, TONS of video poker otherwise.  Craps, $5min, double odds.  Competent dealers.  Blackjack - $5 mins available (this was a saturday), out a of 6 deck shoe, I didnt see any of the silly 6/5 BJ being dealt (thank god),higher limit tables had double deck going.  DOA, DAS, no sureender,dealer hits soft 17.Giving this casino 3 stars for decent rules, but no JOB video poker kept it from being 4star.
4	Its pretty cool to sit on your front porch and see the glistening yellow south point. OK maybe not!! But hey this place is pretty cool, there is nothing real unique or just stands out about south point other than its away from the strip and down town so it attracts a lot more locals than the other touristy hotels and casinos which being a local that gives this place a nice perk!There bowling ally is fun and movie theater is a good size. There arcade sucks and is over priced, There are plenty of dive bars all around the Casino floor and they have some of the cheapest restaurants around. If your looking for a night out and want to stay away from the crowed strip, South Point is typically low key. They have pretty much every type of slot machine and table game and a great place to watch shows! I have not rented a room yet since I live down the street whats the point of spending the 60 bucks! The cab ride is cheaper!!!
5	Gotta give South Point Hotel five stars for being one of the best "off-strip" hotels I've ever played and stayed at in Las Vegas.  The hotel is located right off I15, about ten or so miles from the main "strip" area.  This was my first stay.I was very impressed with the facility.  Nicely decorated, very large, immaculately kept.  The rooms are beautiful with a large bathroom.  The tub/shower/commode area is enclosed and has a separate door.  Big screen HDTV on the wall in front of two queen size beds.  The beds are triple sheeted which I think is a real plus and very important to me. Only negative with the room is that, for some reason, they want U to pay for WIFI.  Hmmm?Casino:  Very large.  An array of table games and a large dice pit with six tables.  I don't play BJ much and didn't at all this trip.  The dice game is good in that the dealers are pretty much on top of their "game."  They book bets and make payments quickly and when they get to know you as a player, will anticipate what you want and it really makes for a great game.  The only downside is that it is only a double odds game.  To boot, they allow you to take 2 and 1/2 odds on the five and nine, and a (still) weirder system for the six and eight that I learned wasn't that consistent between all the dealers.  Four and ten are strictly two times odds.The other game I play is video poker; specifically, Double Double Bonus.  I audited every video poker area that carried DDB.  Each and everyone of them, to a fault, paid 9/6/4.  Not the best, but certainly not the worst I've seen.There is so much to do at this hotel.  You can easily check in, and hibernate there for several days and never see the whole place.  Besides a bowling alley and a state-of-the-art movie theater complex with at least twelve theaters, they have a  REAL Gourmet restaurant, an Italian restaurant (Don Vito's - see my review),  a "Steak House" , a separate "Prime Rib" restaurant and a very good coffee shop.  I ate in the buffet once and it was very good with lots of choices and excellent prime rib.  They also have a showroom with headliners.  But, I wasn't there for a show!
2	on oct 24,2012 at 3:25am Emegency Alarm Turned on until 4:05am.there was no casino management there to guide us and NO EXCUSE, NO MONEY BACK , NO SORRY or NO REIMBURSMENT from the Casino.i will Never ever stay again . this is out of my list forever.Bad Management
3	good locals casino but the staff are rude and grumpy....is it so hard to smile? ill still come back because it has great food and movie theater is pristine but the dealers need an attitude check
2	Restraunts and bar service exceptional..casino floor and dealers rude with shotgun attitude..
3	South Point is a decent casino/hotel. If anything it is on the smaller side. I have been to Stations casinos that are bigger than the South Point. At least there's something nice in the fact that is is small - no getting lost! You can find everything off the main casino floor.The casino itself has a subtle Western theme. It is NOT in yo face Western theme though. I think they've done a good job making it subtle to keep cowboys here during things such as PBR and NFR, yet make it locally friendly for Las Vegans who live in the surrounding areas.I can't say much about any of the restaurants or the rooms. The only thing I've sampled from here is drinks from both the main, large bar in the middle of the casino floor, the small cocktail lounge, and the smaller bar in the back. Drinks were fair in my opinion. Not too expensive and had decent amounts of alcohol. Overall this is a great place to hang out in Vegas during things such as PBR and NFR, as stated above. If you want to ogle cowboy butts in Wranglers, this is the place to do it.
4	The South Point is always a great place for people watching, especially when the rodeo is in town! They literally have everything here: Huge Theater with comfy seatsBowling Alley with $1 bowling/shoe specials and $1 drinks24 hour Cafe with late night $3.99 steak and eggs, Mexican place with yummy Fideo soup, Prime Rib restaurant, Oyster Bar, Buffet, Steakhouse!Spasmatics show on Saturday!Poker room with good action and high hand bonusesSPA with great local discountsBINGO!Even an underground stable for your horse ;)
4	This review is based on a conference I attended this week.  I would first like to mention that us Californians are quite spoiled with our smoke free environment-I had a headache the entire 3 days.The staff at the hotel is great, the guest and conference rooms were super clean and there were plenty of activities to keep visitors busy should they have any down time; which we did not.  We did have a very short break and a few of us gals walked to the horse arena, that was really the highlight of my Las Vegas trip. I also liked the gift shop plenty of mementos to take home and lots of wine choices if you prefer to have your evening wine in your room.  The food that was served was above big group buffet par; many entree choices and an abundance of fresh fruits and vegetables with a plethora of desserts and snacks-ugh, hard when you are sitting most of the day.My one regret was not bringing my suit.  I took a fresh air walk around the pool area(pretty much the only place where there is fresh air), and discovered the jacuzzi was pretty awesome, an island in the middle with a palm tree.  Lots of guests were lounging and chatting but most of all relaxing.  It wasn't luxurious, but certainly not ordinary.Will I go to Las Vegas again any time soon?  Probably not, unless it's job related or we win free air and accommodations.  I probably couldn't turn that down.
3	I stay here every year the weekend before Thanksgiving to visit with my family.  It's a great local hotel with really low, affordable rates and a lot to offer...including the rodeo which is there every year at the same time which makes for great people watching.  This year, I was able to use their gym and was really impressed.  Tons of machines both cardio and weights.  Now here's what I didn't like this year...as you walk to the hotel rooms, everything smells like horse...even in the spa/gym area where it is supposed to be peaceful and zen-like.   I get it that they have an equestrian center and they are hosting the rodeo, but I don't remember ever smelling the horse smell before.  It becomes a toss up on if I want to leave Vegas smelling like that or like cigarette smoke.  LOL.In addition, this year the internet in the rooms didn't work which was super frustrating because I had tons of work to do.  They claim its because they are switching over to offer free wifi in the rooms (which would be awesome), but to be deprived of internet access for 3 days was a little too much for me.  I even tried using the free wifi in the lobby but also had no success there.However, the manager and desk staff there were super nice and comp'd my first day of internet use and gave me a free in-room movie for the inconvenience.So, of course, I look forward to going back next year and hope to be horse-smell-free!
5	This hotel is a great hidden gem. It is newer, clean with all the amenities. Great access to the I-15 to get you to the strip in minutes. Self parking is easy if that is your choice.  Excellent fitness center as well.
5	I really like the event schedule that the south point offers. Always something to do and the box office always generously takes care of military!!! We really enjoy the space and the theater too!!
5	The Suites located on the North Tower are amazing.  With over 1000sf, a huge tub and marble floors this place makes you forget that you are off the strip. I highly recommend the S1 Suites, they are very spacious, luxurious and clean.  The 25th floor is the only way to go.
4	This review is for the casino because I've never stayed at the South Point Hotel.  The casino is one of my favorites in Vegas; in fact, it is ALWAYS the last casino we visit before we jump on the I15 back home to L.A.    I come here because the casino bars still comp you top shelf whiskey (I drink bourbon) when you sit and play their video games.  I only play blackjack and their video BJ seem to payoff better and allow you to double-down, unlike the Strip casinos.  So I'm there for sure!In addition, the casino is clean, brightly lighted which I like, attracts lots of locals, has all the slot machines you want, doesn't stink too much of smoke, has $5 minimums on dealer BJ, and the staff are always nice!  Did I mention there are four full bars on the casino floor with video games?  And lots of TV screens showing sports.  They have a nice Sports Book, too, with giant screens.I've also noticed that the casino floor is not cramped and crowded like other smaller hotels/casinos that might attract the local crowd.  South Point is spacious and airy in comparison, with a high ceiling.The Hot Dog Cart stationed near the Sports Book is a great deal, and the buffet and coffee shop are at least equal to the big hotels in quality and better than average in price comparison.  Parking (garage or surface) is superb and the hotel is literally right next to the freeway for hassle-free access.The atmosphere of South Point is plain, with no glam...which is good if you're on a budget, because the Strip hotels make you pay for the glitz and glamor.  I like this place and recommend it if you don't need the flash or don't want to pay for it.  They have a good selection of restaurants and everything is very clean and bright.  I'll always stop for a couple of hours at South Point Casino every time I visit Vegas.
2	I have to start off by saying that I'm giving this hotel only two stars because it is touted as being kid friendly and family friendly which it is not. I have four kids between 10 and 4. They say they have a pool, hot tub, movie theatre, and bowling alley. Wonderful, except that they bowling alley is booked by leagues until after 9pm, the movie theatre plays mostly R rated movies and the pool is to cold to swim in and you have to be over 16 to go in the hot tub. So the kids are bored, and we have to haul all the way down to the strip to do anything. The hotel is clean and most of the poeple that work here that we have interacted with are friendly, but there has to be someplace better. My other complaint is that there are no connecting rooms.
5	Never stayed at this hotel but I have been here twice to see the spazmatics.  They perform all types of 80's music and I have had a blast.  The dancefloor is huge with plenty of seating.
4	South Point is our favorite place to stay at when we visit Vegas!  They are away from the traffic of the Strip which is a plus to us.  There room rates are very affordable especially if you sign up with their slot club.  They will send you special promotions even if you do not gamble too much.  There are so many things that we like about this hotel in addition to their location.  We love watching matinees at their movie theatre.  We enjoy bowling at their bowling alley which is only $1 per game after midnight Sunday thru Thursday.  The rooms are always clean, and the staff is friendly and helpful.There are a couple of reasons that I am not giving them 5 stars.  Their buffet is not very tasty at all!  The casino floor is so much smokier (is that a word?) than most other casinos.  They need to improve there ventilation, and there buffet!Overall, a fantastic hotel even with the two negative things that I mentioned.  If you want to stay somewhere nice and you are on a budget, then South Point is the place to stay.
3	We stayed for two nights over New Years Eve 2012. And it was A-Okay. They gave a large coupon book on arrival, but found out later they could not be used unless we had a Membership card from the casino/hotel?  Not sure whats involved in getting one, if no big deal they should have provided one at check-in. In any even while paying for the buffet lunch, thinking we had 50% off (but we didn't, we didn't read the fine print) so we asked the cashier to throw all the coupons into the trash.They did claim to upgrade us at check-in and our room was comfortable.  The buffet was only average, and we had to keep tracking down the server to get our coffee refilled.  This may sound picky, however there were no service stations in the entire large buffet dining room, so I think this was intentional to force people out and turn the tables.It was very nice being away from the main strip and the Valet parking was excellent
5	If you like Horses, look no further you have found your place. To my knowledge this is the only casino in Las Vegas that has it's own Horse Book. The food here is great. They have $5 baccarat. I should also mention that owner Michael Gaughan is not only a Las Vegas legend but he is the son of a Las Vegas legend. Michael is one of the few casino proprietors that really cares about the community. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Have stayed in many of the hotels on the strip in Vegas.  This hotel/casino is just as you come into town, so a couple of  minutes from the strip, but I love it.  The rooms are spacious, the beds are very comfortable, they are very generous with towels, etc.  There are several great restaurants.  Upstairs, there is a tequila bar that is the best!  And, a prime rib restaurant that has the best prime rib I have ever tasted, at very reasonable prices.  Won't ever stay anywhere else, when in Vegas.
4	When my company and boss told me that we were staying OFF the strip at some place I had never heard of, I was worried....Real Worried.  When I found out that they have horses, and host the Rodeo there every year, I thought, Oh Goodie, being from Houston, I never get to see cowboys!  What a treat.   I also figured out every hotel from Vegas to LA was booked for the CES convention, and I reminded myself, I wasn't there to play, this go around I was there to work, and work we did. When we pulled up, I was pleasantly surprised, the place is big.  Check in was quick, and I was in my room in no time.  Free Wi Fi, and lots of options for dining.  Although at the Oyster bar, paying $19 for gumbo was not going to happen. OUr conference room had lots of space, and coffee and tea was set up each morning.  The hotel rooms were a nice size (big actually) with comfy beds, good bath products and a flat screen tv.  Good pillows, and a nice sized shower/tub.  In room safe and iron as well.  The casino is smoking, as I am highly allergic, but I was fine most of the time.  We ate at the buffet for our lunches, which provided a nice selection of Asian, Mexican, Bar B Que, Salad, Dessert, and lots and lots of carbs.  Not much healthy options, but the salad bar.  The gym although I didn't use it was quite big with a lot of weights and cardio. They also gave you a coupon booklet that gives you free drinks, ect, which i thought was a nice touch.  In addition, they have $5 black jack and roulette.  In addition, they have a Mexican place that offers $2 margaritas on Wednesdays, and cheap appetizers. They also have a bowling alley and movie theater.  All in all, I wouldn't stay here for a vacation in Vegas, (I'm more of a strip, Aria, Cosmopolitan, Venetian gal) but for a conference, or cheap stay I would recommend. it.
1	Boo! I had a pretty terrible experience here.  The have an equestrian center, and the whole casino smelled like horse poo and since they were having a related event, the place was packed out with rednecks+cigarettes+horses= difficulty breathing and aesthetic misery. We went for bingo, braved our way through one round.  For better or worse, they called the numbers so fast we could barely keep up.  Considering I live in the southwest, I think I'll go to Red Rock next time.
5	I think giving any hotel 5 stars is pretty gutsy, but I have to be honest that it earned it.I visit Vegas a few times a year, for work and fun.  I was on a work trip - convention - and our company decided to book here.At first I was worried about the location - $30 taxi ride to the strip.  But when you are there for work, you don't really need to be right on the strip and it's often nicer to stay farther out. When I walked in, I was surprised at how bright and cheerful the casino area is.  Everything is clean and smells nice.  The check in counter is right there, and they had plenty of staff so there was no wait.  She gave me a smoking room that I had requested (Most hotels are eliminating smoking rooms). Straight walk to the elevators and security check after 12pm (I like this feature in a hotel).  I was on the 18th floor which had a nice view out over the 15 fwy to open nothingness.The rooms were BIG.  Clean.  Had everything I needed.Every time I saw staff, they were pleasant.Taxi's were always there waiting.Atmosphere - it was super laid back and as normal as vegas can get.  No big smashing party, just normal folks having fun.  Felt very safe here, and would definitely stay again!
2	Ugh! I was very hesitant about staying at a hotel off the Vegas Strip. The only reason why I stayed here was because of their $59/night deal. Well, guess what? You get what you paid for. The hotel room was decent. There was no view from my window. I just saw another wall. At least I got a good night's rest until I heard maintenance next door. The water supply was shut off so there was barely any running water from the sink. The shower barely trickled water so I wasn't able to shower. Worst of all, the toilet wasn't able to flush! The service at South Point Hotel really went South. I won't be coming back here.
1	I decide to stop by after work to gamble and get a few drinks. Well lets just say I was there for about 30 minutes at a table didn't see a waitress till about 20 minutes in and turned around to see her chatting at the bar with bartender instead of calling her orders out for about 7 minutes in total so I did the moronic thing and went all in to lose and walk away. Hope you like waiting for ever for a cocktail while at the table.
4	South Point is just so far from everything else on the strip, why go here?You end up seeing all the great points about this place.- Lots of unnecessary space throughout the casino and hotel room, you feel like you can move around freely.- A good mix of food places, although there are pretty much generic themes of ethnic foods, I found it good to have alot of options.- Smoke smell on the casino floor was not as heavy compared to places on the strip, I think this goes with the unnecessary ceiling space which I can't complain about.- Free Shuttle to and from the airport, it is first-come first-serve, but both trips to and from weren't full.I guess the only bad point was again the distance from the strip, if you don't use any of the strip shuttle, it's about $30 to Caesars Palace one way.It'll be hard to come back for a Vegas trip here, but for a convention, not a bad place to stay. Plus the room prices are very reasonable.
3	Far away from the Strip. As in three buses. But the place offers dirt cheap tables, as in $1 Minimums in most cases...good way to learn the games without having your a** handed to you.  They also have Bingo, I went to play but it looked really depressing, and someone apparently had Bingo 3 minutes in. I really need someone to explain it to me. Many of the employees here also seem kind of bitter.
3	Gonna try to fit this all within the word limit. All in all will *definitely* stay here again, but this our first stay was very iffy and we had issues.Arrived for a Thursday-Saturday stay, room was $49 1st night and $60 2nd night. Hotel has 2000+ rooms, so it is not a small place.Rooms1) HUGE and clean. Liked the white comforters and sheets on the bed (because you can tell when white is dirty, ok). HUGE bathroom, cute designer type toiletries. Rainshower type showerhead, Lots of hot water, but you have to crank it up.2) Yes, a lady who speaks little English came by at friggin' 9am on Friday morning knocking on all the doors announcing Housekeeping was ready to go. You could hear her coming so I got up before she knocked and woke us all up as we could not find the "Do Not Disturb" sign. But hey, she came back at 10am too - they just want our rooms to be clean :) They did not come by on Saturday morning.3) IDIOT front desk and/or locksmith: in 12 hours we had to have our room keys redone 6 times!!!! They said they get demagnetized quickly - one key demagnetized from the time we opened the door to the time we retested it 30 SECONDS later!!! Not near cell phones, magnets, credit cards, radiation, etc.. The Security guard's **Master Key** also did not work and they had to call a guy to take the lock apart to let us in. Only got a new room Friday night. Manager was named Jason Presley (Say Priestly if you wanna piss him off) and he came to our room to make sure the keys worked... 5 minutes later in the NEW room, my key stopped working.4) Coffeemaker with disposable filters and coffee packs, less mess, great coffee smell.5) No in room fridge, maybe I am spoiled? I recall having a fridge in Vegas lots of times - not mini-bar but a fridge.6) Longish hike through casino to the hotel elevators if you use parking garage or front entrance7) STUPID Bell Service - they come get your stuff from the car, and even if you are standing there with your keys in hand, they MUST take your stuff to the Bell Desk, you walk to your room, then call them to bring it up. Do you understand - you are there with your room key, and they cannot come up with you!?!? Never had that happen at a hotel before.Casino1) The air system here is odd in that you walk in and it immediately feels stuffy as other reviewers have said, but it is not overpowering. Did not smell horses even though there was an equestrian event, however there appears to be a connecting hallway between equestrian center and hotel elevators, so maybe some folks got a whiff of horse.2) Casino is pretty big, crazy amount of slots, lots of bars, like one every 20 feet.Didn't really seem crowded. There were lots of cowboys for an event and bowlers and locals and we weren't bumping in to each other or anything.Food1) Seafood buffet overrated, but not bad for $19. Crab tasteless depending on the batch, decent variety (steamed clams, 2 salmons, crab hot and on ice, shrimp on ice, calamari, mussels, oysters, more but I forget and nothing really stood out). Save some time, look for crab legs at the other food stations - Italian, Mexican - if you want to avoid the long line at the Seafood station. Mashed potatoes rocked. Little fish "dumplings" were raw in the inside - gross! I think it was like rolled up halibut or whitefish in a cream sauce, still raw and cold on the inside - stupid to serve it without checking!2) Coffee shop prices high/average except for midnight $3.99 specials. Stupid to have $3.99 food then charge $2.99 for coffee. Asian food selection pricey compared to other hotel places catering to and trying to attract Asian clientele. Fast service, really nice servers.3) Del Mar Deli - AWFUL PASTRAMI!!! I guess the sign saying "We carry Boar's head Turkey Pastrami" was a warning, but I thought it was a choice for people who don't eat red meat - Pastrami is supposed to be greasy, dripping and moist, Turkey pastrami is NOT pastrami!!!! Soooooo disappointing as I was looking forward to a hot pastrami and a beer. I didn't even finish the sandwich - just threw it out. Service is decent - call and order from your room for pick-up to save time waiting. $7 pizza and soda special, 1/2 sandwiches other than pastrami are mile-high and worth the price. Crazy pastry case, yummy cakes and danishes. They even sell bagels by the dozen.Bingo1) LOVE the bingo! Big room, never crowded = better chances to win. Really nice staff, especially the two British ladies. 2) Beverage service in Bingo bar iffy, loopy pregnant waitress on the night shift, carded my friend but then when my friend came back with ID said she didn't need it - WTF?Misc1) Bowling alley looked like a lot of fun. Lots of league bowlers it looks like. Graveyard Special Monday-Thursday $1 a game from midnight to 6am.2) Movie theaters seemed popular, all first-run shows.3) Free WiFi in the rooms, no password needed4) Not sure if good for kids - bowling adults only after certain time, movies seemed rated R
2	Was recommended by a friend...would never come back!  Our room smelled like a cheap deodorizer...gag me!Not handicap friendly!  Walked a long ways with luggage..thru smoke filled lobby to get to 17th floor.  Rooms were $59.00 a night...fair condition.Only plus to this outing is this place has everything...so you don't need to go anywhere else.But...will never stay here again!M
3	Love this Casino but I have not met one friendly bartender or had any great service from them.  As a bartender for 11 years myself, I do not understand the arrogance some of them portray.  Very sad but maybe there's a job opening for me!  I wish those bartenders happiness in other parts of their lives...
4	We stayed at this hotel last night and we were quite pleased. It was new, so it still smelled good, and the casino area wasn't too smoky. Also, the surrounding is not too congested, so it's not stressful driving around. The best thing is that we got a price of about half that of a comparable room in the strip.
1	I was here hosting an event for about 25 people. The rates were good but the hospitality, service and professionalism were not. The reservation desk employees were very nice, though. Dealing with the catering staff, everyone we talked to, including managers were downright rude. For as much money as we are spending here (20k), I expect stellar service. We were constantly told "no" and never given reasons, could never get a hold of staff to help us w our requests. "no." ICE! We are an easy going crowd and didn't as for much but when you can't get a hold of a manger on duty, time after time, it gets old. I'd never host an event here again. The conference room we reserved was disgusting. The table cloths were full of food, dirt and hair. They over charged us for everything- as well as having crazy ridiculous prices to begin with. Its like they don't care about us and when we did finally find managers and did complain, they laughed at us. Not only is the hotel a smoke pit, the restaurants were not up to par and half are closed during the week. We won't be coming back.
4	Heading back with a friend from an event in Phoenix, I decided a bed would be better than crashing on his couch and looked to see what Hotel Tonight had to offer. One option was South Point for $40. While not close to The Strip (or anything at all really), South Point is about 5 minutes from my friends house. And he said the casino was pretty nice, and heard the rooms were fine, so I decided to give them a shot. It was a great decision.Rooms - 4.5 Stars - great value! I paid $40 for a Sunday night from Hotel Tonight, and only after I booked the hotel did I figure out how to book a second night on the app. But the standard price for the second night was only $50. By far, the best room I've had in the $40-$50 range. Room was HUGE with 2 beds, and a spacious bathroom. It was well furnished and clean. It's not 5-star luxurious, but it's far nicer than many of the hotels on/near The Strip and downtown. Casino - 3.5 stars - a bit dead on Sunday night, but was much more active and vibrant on Monday night. They have a decent poker room, but because of the location, not a lot of action going on here. There was typically only one or two NL Hold 'Em games going, and typically a short wait to get in on a game. Sports Book is really nice. Bars are kind of ho-hum, with a rather bland selection of beer. (The best beer on tap was Gordon Biersch Octoberfest - acceptable but not exciting)Restaurant Selection - 4 stars - Del Mar Cafe is legit, and some of the best bagels I have ever had. Steak N Shake is a nice option, and their prices are the same as their other franchise locations. The late night cafe/diner was acceptable. They also have some higher-end restaurants which are not open midweek, and the obligatory buffet and oyster/seafood bar. Overall, a good selection and variety. If you are looking for a clean, spacious, affordable room in Vegas, a good spot to gamble, and location is not important, then South Point is a great option.
5	we loved our stay here. its about 10 minutes away from the actual strip, but we had a car and that was okay. we ate in the buffet. they give you a coupon so it was a LOT cheaper.  for food, we just drove down to the Jack in the Box about 2 blocks away. no crowds there.  the employees at this hotel were ALL nice, never had one problem. we asked for a room at the end of the hall so that we wouldn't hear people coming down the hall. Nice and quiet. Beds and pillows were  awesome, room was huge. View was of the parking structure, but i'm not there for the view. We'll stay there again. They are already mailing us nights for free rooms!
5	I always have a great time when we stay here yearly for my friend girls birthday in April.   We stay here and head to Las Vegas lights jazz concert sometime during that weekend. The hotel is comfortable and cleab. They have everything there. Bowling, rodeo, movie theatre, betting, spa ,Nice restaurants, cafe , gaming and boutiques.  And i am sure they have other things there as well.  It us not on strip but it may be about 12 minutes from it in a car. It is off the 15 freeway.  Next time I am there I am gonna try b.I.n.g.o.
1	We just stayed at the SouthPoint for the long Valentines weekend.  Have stayed at hotel prior and like the fact that it is off the strip with lots of amenities.  We arrived around midnight and took over 2 hours to check in.  Although we had a reservation, we had to let about 100 people with no reservations check in before us.  A plane was cancelled and a large group sent to SouthPoint.  I am happy for SouthPoint getting business, but what is advantage to prebook a room.  After 2 hours we finally got checked in however they could not make room keys - so although we got a room, we could not get in the room another 20 minutes or so.  In the morning we called to ask if we could get another room since the one we were given had a brick wall as our window and supervisor said for more money we can upgrade you.  When I mentioned long checkin issue, as a supervisor she said there were people before you checking in.  We were there a month ago - paid half what we paid for this weekend and had a great room.   The staff (Supervisor) basically blamed me for booking a cheap room? Did not have any reason to believe paying more than last visit would get us such a poor room.  Last month cheaper and better room.  I run medical offices.  We book appointments for patients.  We get walkins/emergencies all the time, however a patient that takes the time to make an appt - we treat them as such and take care of them promptly.  Could you imagine making people with appts wait an extra hour because people walked in off street and taken 1st?  Could you imagine having reservations at a restaurant for 8pm and learning that you cant be seated until 10pm because of walkins...would you go back to that business?  Do not think it would have been unreasonable for a checkin person to ask if any pre made reservation holders on line so you could be checked in promptly over people that walked in off street.  Nice Hotel - But Very poor staffing and poor service.  Most likely will not go there again.  I am amazed that hotel not even acknowledge our formal complaint.....think twice if want service at a hotel, this may not be place to stay.
4	Great bargain for an "off the strip" place that has everything. Liquor store not over priced. Everything was a "good deal".
5	Champagne brunch is phenomenal value ($16 w/ SP card for unlimited food and champ). We come out here from the strip on Saturday morning for brunch, champagne, and some relaxed gambling on low min tables until going back to the strip for the evening.Great sportsbook, too.
1	This used to be a good value if you didn't mind being away from the strip.  Unfortunately it's become just worn and shabby.  After advertising "never a resort fee", they've now joined this scam to charge higher than advertised rates by "giving" you things you may not have used anyway.  Food was never gourmet, but well priced - now just cheap.  Three "filet sliders with medallions of beef" in reality were three small buns with paper-thin slices of meat, probably totaling about one ounce for all three.  A rip off at $12.95.  If you can afford a bit more, by all means go somewhere else!
4	Good value and still pretty new so the rooms are nice and clean.  No resort fee so the good deals are kept that way.  Upstairs has a full movie theater, bowling alley and a small arcade for the kids.If you're a craps player, the odds are not good.  Check out Casino Royale or Riviera which sometimes runs specials at 1,000x odds.Poker room is smallish and it's usually just regulars grinding.  But they do run some decent tourneys sometimes.If you're looking for a Vegas getaway and don't want to spend a fortune on the strip, this is a great value and actually not that far from the strip.  Just be sure to rent/have a car to get around.
3	A little south of the strip= but the I15 is out the back-9 minute sto caesars and no traffic!.  Lots to eat and do.This is not a clubby casino. It has a nice mix of things to do and no need to repeat what is already said..The negative (I`ve stayed here multiple times) is that it is waaaay too smoky in the casino area.The non smoking sections still inundated with smoke and persons who smoke while passing by..Very convenient to rental car hub and the actual airport. I would be ok staying here again,would think twice about gambling in all that smoke however and the rooms were nice and the staff was pleasant for the most part.Casino card associate did hand us wrong info on some policy so perhaps training there would be in order. Used the business center, free internet on their pcs was a nice touch and had to get some faxes which also was helpful..$1 per page not free.
5	Just stayed here for a night but it was awesome. It is way off the strip, but it is a completely encompassing experience...they have everything you need in one building!We stayed in a junior sweet, which was 850(ish) sq feet. It had a living room/office area, a HUGE Master bedroom and bathroom.  The room was down right AMAZING and it wasn't super expensive (Only $226 w/ taxes and fees).  My husband and I went to the pool for a few hours.  It was a large pool w/ tons of lounge chairs and complimentary towels.  There is a bar which was quick and girls who walk around waiting on you.  I will say that the girls never came around my husband and I, we always had to go to the bar. Which I would have thought was surprising as we kept piling up empty drink cups around out chairs. I would have thought that was a hint...but the bar tenders at the bar always helped the customers who walked in and were very quick to make the drinks. We also went to Michael's for dinner...first off, this place is SUPER EXPENSIVE. Expect to pay btwn $450-600 for dinner.  But that being said...OMG it was the most romantic experience of my life.  The food was to die for, the wait staff was exquisit and the experience unforgettable.  If you can afford this place you need to go!!!!After dinner we walked around the casino, bars, clubs, ect.  All VERY fun! It was a great night. Overall this was my favorite hotel in Vegas thus far...and I've stayed on the strip several times.  The price and experience were perfect and unforgettable.
5	This place was awesome!  We got a $59 a night deal which turned into $79 including tax and the $14 resort fee.  The room was impeccable.  Egyptian cotton sheets and beautiful decor.  Room and bathroom were huge and nicely appointed.  We were so comfortable that we just hung out in the room that evening.The hotel was such a low price that we expected everything else to be expensive, but it was very reasonable.  We bought a sandwich and a giant cinnamon roll at the deli for $13 to share for breakfast/lunch and the two of us couldn't finish the sandwich it was so big.  The night before we bought a bag of Takis and package of Pepperidge Farms cookies for $4.  Not bad.The adult jacuzzi was amazing!  Perfect temperature and a big palm tree for shade.  Heaven!  There is a bowling alley and theater that we will try out next time.There were lots of horsey people there for a show.  Very pleasant folks!We will definitely stay here again!
2	South Point is definitely low on the list of Vegas casinos I like to frequent. It seems to me like the image of the casino/hotel is a bit off. They try to project this idea that they are a big fancy casino, but the customer service and atmosphere is severely lacking in quality and style once you get inside.I am also unimpressed with the buffet. The decor was really not in line with the image the casino projects, either, and was not aesthetically pleasing at all. Not only did the seating hostess not help us to our table (she just waved her arm in a general direction and when we asked where to sit she didn't say a word, just waved her arm at us again to leave her alone. Other employees were standing around and no one showed us to a table (they all stared at us and no one offered to help), so we just sat at any table we wanted. This was ridiculous, but whatever. At least there was a booth open and our server ended up being pretty good; she kept my coffee coming frequently and was very friendly.The food was so-so. There were a lot of things that just tasted weird to me, it was probably a bad combination of my taste buds and the way the chef flavors things (so mainly a difference of opinion on the way things should taste). But all the same, I didn't actually find a whole lot of different things I enjoyed. We went at breakfast (I'm a HUGE breakfast fan, I usually like almost any type of breakfast food). I enjoyed the bacon, french toast, sausages, and different potato dishes. I also liked the self-serve oatmeal and grits section. Other things I did not like about the food were this egg roll-up thing in the Mexican section that was nasty, and I did not think any of the pastries tasted good. I'm usually a big pastry fan, so I was very disappointed in that section.All in all, it wasn't the worst experience ever, but I definitely won't be eating there again anytime soon.One last good thing I can say is that I really liked the price of the buffet (less than 7 bucks for breakfast on a weekend), and, again, the service from the actual server was very good.
1	Don't count on a roll-away for your family. They have a self imposed policy of 2 beds to a room and will not change no matter the circumstances, expectations, or that they advertise roll-aways available.
5	Just saw the Sexy Sheena Easton in the South Piont show room. My  sugar walls will never be the same. Every seat is a great seat. Had a great  time.
4	This is our place to stay out in Vegas. Yes, I live with mom and dad in California. And yes, due to the fact we have a rental property in Vegas this trip is tax deductible to an extent. I am a marathon runner. I asked the casino shift manager if he knew where the stairs were, after I had asked other guests, one other guest said, no i don't know where they are, another guy said, wow there are never any fires. The shift manager said that they keep the stairs locked because kids have gotten lost in them and they've had problems. It was a nice clean room. There was no refrigerator there, but other than that it was pretty nice!
4	The rooms are large and nice, and the price is right.  The free airport shuttle was a big help and is very much appreciated.  The casino was large and had pretty good action, despite some terrible luck at the poker tables (it should be noted the poker room had a bunch of tables going, even at 3am).  One problem is that the pool is pretty cold and there is no hot tub for kids.  I like that the main hot tub is adults only, but they need another one, especially if the pool is so cold, where kids would be allowed.  This is a very good place to go if you have kids with you, and a pretty good place to go if you are an adult and want to save some money on a weekend trip (as long as you can live without being on the strip).  Note they now have a $14 resort fee, which is relatively fair given the good coupon book you get when you check in and the free shuttle to the airport.
4	This was great hotel we stayed four days and we had great time. The room were clean the staff were friendly over all. The food was OK. The buffet is a buffet not bad for the price , they have movie theater but its a bit expensive. We were lucky that we booked early enough that we did not have to pay the resort fee.....MESSAGE TO MANAGEMENTPlease stop the nonsense of the resort fee stop pretending it not part of the room cost when you have no choice to decline it.  Just add in. Is it only me tired of nickel and dime in this  case 15 a day is not dimes and more .  to use Internet that you might have on your phone any way , and gem that you might not use at all... Please give everything include in the prices not surprise in the end. Would I go back probably but I will check more deals and will try a hotels without the resort fee... Overall it was a good stay. For a nice hotel
3	Cheap prices off the strip. Buffet is decent and affordable. Long lines to check into room but the hotel is very nice for the price.
5	My two sons, aged 9 and 12, stayed here for three nights over spring break. It was originally going to be our base camp for seeing Hoover Dam, but for various reasons we ended up staying for an extra "lazy day" of just relaxing at the pool and seeing a movie. Our room was large, new and clean, especially considering the price. The room had no scent of tobacco or other odors. There was a floor to ceiling window with a view of the mountains over the roof of the parking garage. The shower had endless amounts of hot water, and the tub was nice and big for a leisurely bath. The Wi-Fi worked fine.We ate in three different restaurants: the Coronado Cafe for breakfast (they have a good omelette with shrimp and avocado, and a nice fruit smoothie to boot. The kids raved about the huge cheese danish.), Coronado Cafe for dinner (good steak sandwich and Chicken Chow Mein), Garden Buffet which had a lot of good choices, and is all you can eat but make sure you get the free "Club" card so you can use a coupon to save some money, and Steak 'n Shake, which has good chicken chipotle sandwiches and malts and shakes, but the signature steakburger left both my kids cold. The cinema has 16 movie theaters but had most movies playing at staggered times in multiple theaters, so the choice wasn't that great, skewing towards the "kiddie family movie blockbuster" market. We saw two movies while there. One night we wanted to go bowling but it was league play - in all 64 lanes! - for several hours. We were told to come back at 9pm for first come, first served bowling. We got there a little before 9 only to find that a lot of people already had numbers (nobody told us about that!) and that our wait would be an hour. Forget it. That was our one bad experience there. The pool is a big lagoon, but it's only about 4ft deep at the deepest. In early April it was a few degrees chillier than I would have liked it, but that didn't stop us from enjoying it. The hot tub, if you can call it that, is a circular pool with an island in the middle. The temp was just right for me (I don't like it super hot ... I'd guess it was about 101 degrees) but there are signs saying that nobody under 16 can use it, so my kids were disappointed but maybe we should have gone in anyway since a few times I saw kids in there and nobody seemed to do anything about it.As far as the nicotine-scented casino goes, they certainly want you to have to go through - or at least near - it. But actually it was good for my kids to see how unexciting, pointless and drab gambling is. There were no signs of hard-partying twenty-somethings - they must have all been down at the strip.It was easy to get to the hotel, and park in the spacious garage, since it's right off the freeway and far away from the craziness of the strip. Hoover Dam is about half an hour away.
1	This is definitely doing Vegas on the cheap off the beaten path!  Everything about the hotel is cheap, the rooms are plain and the setup of the hotel & casino are uninviting.  Everyone was smoking in every inch of the hotel from the moment I came in from the parking garage all the way through the check-in line!  The front desk was pleasant but that's the only nice thing I can say.  I won't be staying here again.
5	Going to a movie after I play a few games. SP always has the latest, most fun games. I always win here then I eat some ice cream r ave a coffee. Love South Point because it's not touristy.
2	Spent Spring Break 2013 here with my wife and kids, having heard it was a friendly, family-oriented place.  This family won't be back.Overall, disappointed to report South Point didn't have a family friendly feel to us at all.  Public areas (not just the casino) were heavily smoke-filled.  And unlike other resorts in Las Vegas I've experienced, many of the hotel employees we encountered didn't seem thrilled to be there.Our room was relatively large and clean (thankfully no smell of smoke).  However, was disappointed I needed to call to request maid service each day (would have thought they'd find a way to get it cleaned by 3:00 pm?).The pool looked nice, however the water was absolutely frigid - far too cold for my kids to enjoy or use.  They really ought to consider investing a few $$$ to heat it.Parents with kids should note the jacuzzi area is strictly enforced with age limits of 16 years+, so, again, family friendly it's not.  Uniformed security guards actually seemed to enjoy removing kids from this area - over-zealous enforcement of a ridiculous age policy.  Don't get me wrong - I think an adult-only jacuzzi area is great, but only if you offer a family alternative as well.All that said, the price point was low...and South Point proves you get just what you pay for.
3	what happens if you take Motel 6 and make a casino out of it? You get the South Point Casino.This place was not my choice.. and thats how I ended up here..The service was nice and the food decent, the tables in the Casino seem to be stuck in the early '90s.The running joke was that it was an old age home in a Casino....
4	My company had me stay here for a business trip.  I had never heard of this place before I arrived.  This hotel casino spa is very large.  It has an equestrian arena, several meeting facilities, a movie theater, a bowling alley, multiple pools, a showroom, several restauarnts, a spa facility, a bingo room and of course a full casino.The rooms are large, comfortable, clean and really quiet (which is rare for me to find at a hotel as I am a super light sleeper).  Service was fair at best.  The room rates here though are very reasonable and include free airport shuttle, parking, wifi, local calls, fitness center access, boarding pass print out and a fun book which included all of the following:One Free Cocktail at Any South Point Casino Bar 50% Off at Garden Buffet - Any Meal - Any Day Free Bottle of The "Wine of the Month" With the Purchase of 2 Entrees at Silverado Steakhouse Free dessert with entree at Don Vito's Free dessert with entree at Primarily Prime Rib Free Margarita with dinner entree at Baja Miguel's 10% Of at Zenshin when spending $20 or more Free Cup of Soup with the purchase of entree at the Big Sur Oyster Bar 15% Off a $10 or more purchase at the Del Mar Deli Free Entry to Nitelife in the Showroom Buy one, Get one Free Bowling Games (up to 3) Free Souvenir in the Gift Shop (which is a key chain)10% Off at Seattle's Best Free Junior Popcorn with purchase of movie ticket at Century $20 off Boots over $100 at Boot Barn This is a great place to stay, especially if you have a family, lots of things to do here!
5	This a very nice and clean hotel for the price it cost to stay there. It is also kids friendly which is a huge plus. We stay here each year for  our annual cheerleading competitions and have had no problems. Plus it has a movie theater and bowling alley inside the hotel. Now that will get the kids out of your hair for at least two hours. LOL
4	This is about the buffet. Was very pleasantly surgprised at the quality of the food recently at the buffet. Terific prime rib, and short ribs. good selection, easy to get seated. Nice service.  All the chocies more than met my expectations.  My friends were hapy with the food.
3	Meh- Is how I feel when I come to the South Pointe.The location isn't horrible for me in Mountains Edge and they have what I need: bowling, decent food, movies.  But nothing about this place stands out, it feels like a Boyd property in many ways except cleaner.  They have a Steak 'n Shake which is the main casual dining draw, but they never have events I'm interested in to draw me here more than once a quarter.By no means is this place a dump or bad, I'm just never overly excited to go here like I would be The M or Red Rock.
5	The rooms are large and clean. Pool is great and the kids love the hotel. The food.choices arent the best, but right outside of the hotel are lots.of nearby places to explore. I would stay there again in a heartbeat.
3	We went this weekend (last minute) during the Mayweather fight, so all the hotels were booked or overpriced. I've stayed in practically every 4-5 star hotel in vegas except for (Aria, Cosmopolitan and Encore) Of course if you can afford a 4/5 star hotel on the strip, then go for it!!!I got this off hotwire secret 4 star hotel deal, and was a bit skeptical, but I was pleasantly surprised! Budget and family friendly hotel off the strip! It's not my favorite hotel, but worth every penny spent! We were traveling with our son, so didn't want anything too crazy. Last trip (also during a popular fight), we stayed at Mandalay Bay which is nicer and also family friendly. But we enjoyed our time at the pool at South Point better, even though Mandalay has a lazy river and wave pool. At Mandalay it was extremely packed, we literally parked our stroller by the gate with our towels on top and people laying towels everywhere even on the concrete walkway by the gate surrounding the pool. Pool was overcrowded & the water was murkey. At Southpoint, there were plenty of chairs to layout and enough space to swim! They had a kiddie pool which gets deeper in middle, so our toddlers (1&2yrs) and a 6 year old had fun in the same pool. There's a bar and mix of young and older crowd, but no way in the same crazy level as mgm, rehab pool etc. A lot of locals and my friends like gambling here, they have cheap table minimums and looser slots. $3 steak and eggs 12am - 6am. A movie theatre, bowling etc.Our room didn't have a view, but we only used it to sleep. The room was HUGE and clean! Only downside it didn't have a fridge, which we needed. Also the resort fee is not  included in the hotwire price. Parking was easy, but we didn't like that we had to go through the casino to get to the room, but it wasn't too far of a walk. It's off the 15 so a quick 5-10min drive to the strip. However if you came to vegas to party, you're better off getting something on the strip like the Cosmo etc. the crowd here is chill mostly adults, family, locals and a few partiers mixed in. But nothing wild, upscale.
3	it's fun for local, away from the craziness of the strip
4	I really like this place! We got into Vegas early Saturday morning, so we figured let's go see what time we can check in. They let us check into our room at about 10 a.m. Nice! The room was clean and spacious!! We had a view of the pool.So much to do here. Casino was great!! So many choices to eat also. Our favorite was the Oyster Bar.Everyone was so friendly!! They came around a lot with the free drinks! : )My husband got a shave in the Barber Shop he was very pleased.I recommend a trip to South Point if you are in Vegas!
3	I love the movie theater here and the slots.
4	This casino is super nice because it's away from the strip if you want to get away from the craziness. They don't vent it quite as well as the other ones so the smoke is very noticeable but tolerable. There's a steak N' Shake restaurant and a few others. The best feature is the movie theater.. if you go in the morning.. the first run "early bird" ticket is only $7 and $8 after that until late in the day... the Soda machines have quite the variety! The casino is nicely laid out and there's so much to see and do. I highly recommend going here! Parking is so easy, either the garage or the lot.. you pickall the bathrooms are super clean at all times! Go here!
5	AWESOME!! It is super nice casino, we will definitely be staying again. Next time I hope to check out the pool. Really nice horse racing here!
1	If I could turn back time I would go back to before I made the decision to listen to my gut and stay away. This place is crawling with creepers. Stay away.
2	I really want to give South Point four or five stars - some areas are amazing. The front line staff, for example, were always incredibly friendly and helpful. The room itself was nice enough for a 4 star (though by no means as flashy as some others) and the location is surprisingly pleasant, only 15 minutes from the strip at most via I-15. However, I'm not going back. There were just too many minor annoyances night after night that weren't solved around our room. Alone, they'd be fine, but all together, it was enough to keep me from coming back.-The iron was broken. We asked for another - it took four hours and another call to get.-The blow dryer cradle fell clear out of the wall when I tried to use the blow dryer.  -They only stocked two towels each night - even after we asked for more.-They only stocked two pillows each night - they got that right after a couple nights...and so on. I don't want to be one of those reviewers who get into every problem, but you get the picture. Nothing that ruined my time there, but collectively it was just too much. On the plus side, the resort fee ($14) gets you internet access and boarding passes, the buffet is quite good, the casino ain't bad, and there's plenty of convenient shops (not for hardcore shopping, but picking up extras) within two minutes driving distance.
2	I only stayed here cause my parents were curious after eating at Baja Miguels one night.  I was pretty excited to get away since my pregnant girlfriend, 9 year old son, and myself never get time away from work.  We usually stay at the Hotel at Mandalay Bay and we love it, but we have an open mind so we tried you out.  The one thing I noticed immediately was the overwhelming smell of cigarettes.  The other other hotels on the strip do not have this problem from what I have encountered.  The check in was effortless and we got our room in no time.  On our way to the room we checked out the pool and the smell of horse manure was overwhelming and we laughed cause it is so close to the barber and spa.  The upgrade of the room wasn't really worth it cause you are so far from the strip that the views are irrelevant.  The room was spacey and nice, but when we turned on the TV it was a terrible picture on just about every channel.  I tried to use the menu button on the remote but it didn't work.  We decided to go downstairs and get this famous Baja Miguels.  I had my fun book and I couldn''t wait for my free margarita.  The old lady sort of greeted us at the host stand by just looking at us so I said we were here for dinner and that there were 3 of us.  She told me it would be a 20-30 minute wait so we said fine and sat in the lobby.  When we got buzzed we sat at our table and were greeted by what I thought was the waiter but it was the busser taking our drink orders.  we gave him our order and then our server (Vicente) showed up and asked us what we wanted to drink.  we told him our order as well and I noticed that the busser then told him what we wanted.  Vicente seemed to have a word with the busser and we received our drinks.  Everything was good, but we waited forever to order and so did the table next to us.  Both tables were Vicente's tables.  we ordered our meal and I thought it was okay but not great.  The chips and dip were pretty bland and I was surprised to find out that you only get one basket of chips and the trio of bean, salsa, and guacamole.  Another surprise was that we had to ask just to get water.  I work in a Mexican food restaurant, grew up in Los Angeles, and have never heard of such things in the hundreds of Mexican food restaurants I have visited.  Anyway, we finished our meal and before Vicente could give mee my bill he noticed I had a piece of paper in my hand.  He promptly and in a very upset tone asks me "what is that in your hand?"  I told him it was a coupon for a margarita from the fun book and he gets even more mad and asks me "why didn't you show me that in the beginning?"  Now I am stunned and I start laughing because I thought he was joking, but unfortunately he wasn't.  He takes the coupon from me and waves it at the old woman who was at the host stand and he asks her "what am I suppossed to do with this?"  Magically she must have comped my drink cause it wasn't on the bill.  We got our bill and it was around $43.00 so I tipped Vicente $5.00 which is very low for me.  I only did it for the busser because he was very friendly and I know he gets a percentage of either total sales or waiters tips.  I should have left nothing for that bastard because his attitude not only took me by surprise but also my pregnant girlfriend and her 9 year old son.  I was going to leave and not say anything but I had to tell that little old woman what I thought of him and she said "I will have a talk with him." She told me that people give her the coupon at the end all of the time.  I was dumbfounded because I obviously wasn't the first one to do this.  I won't give him the coupon next time because there won't be a next time.  My girlfriend and I are getting married in July and we were all going to have dinner here but not now.  We decided to go bowling and wouldn't you know it there is a tournament going on and then there are leagues after that, so they tell us we need to come back at 8:15pm to pick up a ticket like I am at some damn deli waiting for meat.  We said fine and came back to get our ticket, but we were so annoyed that we decided to just skip it.The next day we woke up and got breakfast at the deli and they were very nice but I was surprised to find out that I couldn't use my debit card for orders under $10.  That would be nice to know before I ordered.  I noticed there were no signs stating this, so I ended buying something I didn't even want because I already had my coffee from Seattles Best.  We did go to the pool and that was okay, but the water was pretty cold.  Even our 9 year old couldn't stand it and the little girl next to us was turning purple.  So much for the 16 and over sign at the jacuzzi cause there were kids 12 and under going in while the 16 year old lifeguard looked on.  The bartender was nice, but I noticed that when I got a pina colada he put only Malibu Rum in it and not Bacardi Silver.  What a rip off that I have to pay all that money for what is a cordial.
1	We chose this hotel because it was close to where my brother was getting married. We stayed for 2 nights. The curtain would not close completely so there was a strip of sunlight that woke us up each morning. And housekeeping missed our room. No clean towels, beds were not made, trash was not emptied. They simply didn't do it. Disappointing because when we came back to the room later that night after the wedding with friends and relatives, we were surprised to see it had not been touched. Embarrassing.  The next day when we checked out we told the front desk and they barely squeaked out an apology. It's as if they didn't care. So, I guess we stay elsewhere next time. The only reason I gave it one star is because it had a nice deli, and ice cream place.
5	Holy WOW. We came here to bowl for a Zappos team building event and I was blown away. First of all the casino is gorgeous, the people are so very friendly and the bowling is cheap. Second of all the food is amazing! EASILY the best hawaiian pizza in the city - yes, I said the whole city - and the wings are out of this world. I will make the drive from Vegas/Rancho all the way to South Point just for a pizza and some wings - anyday!
4	Haven't been here to long...so far...so good
4	Overall loved the resort. A true gem off the strip but close enough that if one wanted to be in the meets of the chaos, it would be easy. Zenshin had great food and service. Wish the rooms had refrigerators or at least coolers in them but the free wireless was great. Looking forward to my next visit.
5	As a former Vegas resident, I stayed here when I travelled back for my oldest daughter graduation.  I mention being a former resident to show that I kind of know what to expect, and how Vegas goes.  I was very impressed with the room.  I have no complaint at all, other than maybe having a small fridge.  The bed was the most comfortable of my life,  Bathroom was perfect,  staff was awesome, food great.  It will be the only place I stay at from now on.
4	lots of fun family things to do.24 Hour cafe is DELICIOUS
4	It smells like horses here. Let's just get that out of the way. They have an equestrian arena that attracts horse enthusiasts. The smell is isn't noticeable from the rooms or the casino (except for the area near the convention and arena areas). I spent many a summer at my grandparents' farm when I was a child so it didn't really bother me.Aside from that, the employees are generally friendly and there are plenty of dining and entertainment options. The rooms are large and very good for the price. Even the dreaded resort fee isn't as bad here since at least you get useful things such as wifi and a coupon book instead of just silly things like local phone calls (although you get those too).My only complaint about this place would be the lack of late night food options. The 24 hour coffee shop has some awesome late night specials, but lines can be long even in the middle of the night due to people seeking those deals. This can be a little frustrating for those needing a late night meal after a night of drinking and gaming. They should consider keeping their deli open 24 hours on weekends. There are a few fast food places across the street, but they are drive-thru only during late night hours.
4	This well may become one of our favorite hotel in Vegas,it is about 6 to7  miles south of the strip,this place is huge we check in less then 5mins. and the front staff all were so friendly and helpful service with a smile,our room was very nice and clean from the carpet,the bed,and the bathroom,we had an amazing view of the pool and interstate 15 from the 15th floor.There is a equestrian and event center with 4,400 seats in the arena, over 2,300 slots, 60 table games, 600 seats in the bingo room, a poker room, 64 lane bowling center, 16 movie theaters, theater showroom and live entrainment lounge, 8 restaurants, pool and fitness center, costa del sur spa and salon, 6 bars and lounges and a tequila bar, a spacious race and book area, you also get a fun book which we did not used but we can use it if we do not stay here any more up until 12/13.
3	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a three night/weekend trip to Vegas and this was our first time staying at South Point. We were swayed to try it because of great deals. I would give this more of 3 1/2 stars, but am going lower due to the inability to do half ratings.Pros- Lots of food options, great sushi place, inexpensive in every way, low limit tables, good entertainment choices, we saw a great comedy show, clean rooms, spacious rooms, nice staff, great coupon book with many deals, low resort feeCons- everywhere has bright lights and bad 80's cruise ship decor, not a very "vegas" feel, lots of kids and families, the pool was a concrete jungle, very cold pool temp, room bathtub was very shallow, the lighting in the bathroom was bad for getting ready, too far from the strip unless you have a car (we did)I've stayed at most of the strip hotels and South Point simply does not compare. It doesn't feel like you are in Vegas. However, we were happy with it as far as it provided a clean place to sleep and gave us tons of money saved to spend on the strip.I would stay here again if the room was cheap/free and if it was during a season in which I wouldn't want to use the pool. If the weather was nice for the pool, I would not pick this hotel.The sushi restaurant was good enough to make the drive specifically to eat at the restaurant. .
4	On the strip, but not really. The South Point is a great location for locals. I have never stayed in the hotel but recently I have been coming here for bowling, movies, bingo and dining. They have great locals deals and since it's pretty close we are able to get in and out pretty conveniently. The parking situation isn't crazy and I can usually come any time of the week and get a good spot. South Point hosts many conventions and has a lot of inexpensive entertainment options as well. We have actually come here for New Year's in the past because it usually not a madhouse compared to other locations on the strip. Overall, South Point has a lot to offer locals and tourists alike.
3	Clean hotel and casino. Easy parking. But very hard uncomfortable beds!!! Great showroom to see comedy or music acts. Not much to be desired in the places to eat category. A burger place, steak house and the old Vegas standard buffet, yuk. The hotel is several miles away from the strip of Vegas but does have its own parking lot. The hotel is Western themed.  They do hold many rodeo events there and is probably great to stay here for those but we enjoy the strip of Vegas and this is to far away.
4	We stayed here a couple of months ago for our Vegas Getaway because we heard good things.It is generally a good hotel casino off the strip about 10 minutes drive from the strip.  The property is huge!  They have a bowling alley and movie theatre in the building.  They have a good variety of restaurants.  We got to try Steak & Shake which was really good cheap eats.The room was very spacious and clean.  We had no problems with the room.  The bathroom was huge & had a great shower.  The bed was very comfortable.  We got a pretty good deal on our rooms to boot.One thing to note was there were lots of older folks at this hotel.  Not your typical Vegas hotel.They have self & valet parking.  We normally parked ourselves in the front parking facing the hotel.
1	We arrived around 10pm after a long drive, checked in, but I alone lugged all of the bags to the room, while my girlfriend ran an errand, only to find it messed up and not clean. The bed was all torn up, towels all over the floor, trash in the trash cans, iron out, completely disheveled. So I called and was told to return to registration for a new room, meaning that I had to lug the bags all the way back to the registration desk. I was given a new room alright, but no apology, nothing. In fact, both the worker on the phone and the registration clerk acted like this was a perfectly normal situation. Too tired to jump to a different hotel tonight, but we cancelled our remaining days and moved to a different hotel in the morning--even paying extra for an early check-in. This was my first and last stay at SouthPoint, and I refrained from gambling or spending any additional $$ in the restaurants. I don't know about you, but it feels really gross to walk into someone else's unclean hotel room when you are expecting a nice clean squared away typical hotel experience.
4	South Point is quite the expansive casino hotel!  There exist numerous features interspersed throughout the lobby, some being of course the gambling area, and restaurants like Zenshin Asian Restaurant (visited twice in a row in my visit of a month ago), and Steak & Shake.  The actual hotel portion of the establishment is well-laid out, well lit, well everything.  The rooms are very comfortable, roomy, and perfectly clean.  Everything felt professional, as it should always.  We stayed for 3 days/3 nights.  The view wasn't worthy of its own review (update), but it's nice and the actual room is virtually free of noise, or any other unpleasant distraction.  Plenty to keep one busy.  Not to mention, the outside parking is operated by valet staff; when a patron visits another destination (i.e. the Vegas strip), the car is perfectly taken care of.     Room quality:  It all worked very well.  Again, the room the family stayed in was very sanitary for such a large hotel, roomy/expansive, and comfortable, free from noise, even from the hallways.  The usual accompanying odor in hotel rooms was absent.  Staff changed the bed sheets every couple of days, preventing dissatisfaction from a succeeding customer.  When the blinds, which worked super well, were closed up by us, it felt just like nighttime at daytime, a good thing!     Restaurant quality (Zenshin):  Now, I usually break restaurant quality down into four categories:  Food quality, food quantity, service, and atmosphere.  Here, I will not make a clear distinction.  Here goes nothin'...The food in the only real restaurant tasted good enough.  Sushi offered had good rice, and tasty meat/fish, served in good portions.  Service worked timely.  The atmosphere felt modernized for the better.  Whew.  Don't worry, I'm going to elaborate on the Zenshin restaurant in another review.  Four stars, prob.     Service:  Service worked well; in restaurants (in this case restaurant, that restaurant being Zenshin), the food was served at the right temperature, and accommodatingly so.  We felt pleased to be at Zenshin, and for that matter, the whole casino.  Valet staff did their work efficiently, and I have nothing to complain about that.     Atmosphere:  For a large casino hotel like this, the atmosphere isn't half-bad (what comes to mind when I think of a half-bad place is a place where the lobby is full of smoke, and same for the rooms).  Roomy, nice, expansive, clean.  Can that be said for the majority of large casino hotels?  Modern as well, yet so pleasing.     Venues:  Considering this hotel is located in Vegas of all places, I figure it's time I finally explain how South Point fares in its proximity to good local venues.  You know, the main reason we visited was to participate in a contest held at UNLV.  The university wasn't too far down, actually.  Other venues include restaurants outside of the hotel space, and attractions, including the exterior of Treasure Island.  We wanted to see some major shows like the Bellagio fountain show, but we hadn't the time.  All good!     Location:  I would say isolated, but good!  The distinct location, away from the Vegas strip populated by many, helps in giving it that serene, clean atmosphere.  It's still not TOO far away from the Strip however.  This is probably the best location they could have built it in.     Overall:  Distraction free, but not free.  And by "not free" I of course mean it literally, but also figuratively.  It's not expensive in a particular sense of the word, but not too cheap.  A great place to stay in Vegas!     4/5 stars     Rooms:  85%     Restaurant:   80%     Service:  85%     Atmosphere:  80%     Venues:  82%     Location:  90%
3	A-OKI typically stay on the strip and enjoy all the entertainment it offers.  I was forced to stay here when our flight was canceled and the airline booked us a place to stay.  Keep in mind we were only here for about 8 hours.The hotel is not bad at all.  Appears to be recently updated although the ventilation system left a bit to be desired.  The rooms were large and clean and the gambling was cheap.  There also was a lot to do besides gambling.  I saw a movie theater, bowling alley, arcade, equestrian center, and pool.  If you were crazy enough to bring your kids to Vegas this wouldn't be a bad choice.
4	Great hotel and buffet. Perfect place for locals or people who want to vacation in Vegas on a budget but don't want to stay in flea box.
3	We stayed here for 4 days.  While the hotel was nice, and the room was nice, the maid service has very, very bad!  First, she would not come to clean the room till about 4 or 5 pm!  Then, she would not even remove and replace our glasses (we had a huge glass from the casino that she would not remove), she would not replace the towels, she would not even clean!!  All she did was make the bed.  A call to the front desk did nothing to resolve these issues.  So, bottom line, hotel is great but don't hold your breath for your room being cleaned if you are there longer than a night!
4	I am a local so I have not stayed here. But, we do come here for many of the things to do here. It is always clean and what staff we do run into have been very nice. We have eaten at most of the restaurant  and have been happy. Really like the new addition Zenshin!! They have a bingo hall, bowling alley and movie theater. We have been to some of the Comedy acts and other convention attractions they have. Lots to do and not a lot of hussel from all the people on the strip.
4	I have stayed here on business twice and enjoyed it each time. Pro's- they offer great deals during the week ($35 a night for us). You can bring the entire family as they have a big pool area, bowling alley (huge), movie theater and plenty of good restaurants at a reasonable price. The casino is fair as you win some and lose some. They got a huge bingo hall, sports book too. Cons- if you get a good deal on the room DON'T expect a nice view of anything. People who do the cheap room gets the lousy views. Both times we got a view of a solid wall with the alley down below where the employees take their smoke break. The strip is a ways from this place and is not walkable... They offer an all day shuttle but it cost $8 each, that should be free!Overall, nice clean rooms, no problem with room service and the staff was very helpful. For business I would come here again, but if I have choice for a personal vacation I would prefer to be on the strip, but that's me and no reflection on the quality of South Point.
4	Have stayed twice.  The first time we all woke up to very sore backs but the second time it was ok.  We love to have everything we want right there by us.  The bowling lanes are great!
1	I wish I could give this hotel 0 stars. My nice flip flops were stolen directly from my hotel room. Seriously...? Flip flops? We stayed at this hotel because we came to check out some property nearby. Checked in around 5:30, went to dinner at 6 downstairs at the Big Sur and got back to the room around 8pm to find that my brand name sandals were gone. I only brought two pairs of shoes, and I distinctly remember carrying them up with my luggage and placing them down next to the bed, so it was obvious that someone had taken them. I called the front desk. They sent up the head maid who checked the room, then they sent up a police officer so I could file a report. The police officer had some device that could tell who else came into the room, but he said it would take some time (not surprised), blahblahblah. I wasn't really expecting them to do much, but still. It was unsettling to know that someone would just come into the room and steal something. This is the first time I didn't stay at a hotel on the strip, and this is the first time something like this has happened out of the countless times I've been to Vegas...actually out of the times I've stayed at any hotel. Long story short, the maid service or whoever else has keys to the rooms steal your stuff because they KNOW that the hotel/police don't care. Free cute flip flops for everyone!Don't stay here.
5	Theaters, dollar hot dogs, sports books, buffets, gambling, booze, cigarettes - this place is a pure den of sin.If I had the money and wanted to die by excess, this would be the place. It never dies here - 24/7 - life is moving at light speed and the world is neon.Too distant from the strip to escape, too enticing to bother.A great place to wallow in your hedonistic vices.
3	It was alright, I didn't really like it... The wallpapers are nice and comforting to me, but their beds and blankets.. Those must go..
4	My husband and I have stayed at this hotel at least 30 times, since it opened. We both think it is Vegas' best-kept secret. Nice rooms, movie theater, etc.  But, sadly, we are beginning to see cutbacks:The cafe used to serve free coffee cake before 8:00 a.m. Now, it's gone. The cocktail servers nowadays seem to be very rushed and overworked. The casino carpet is looking  run-down and dirty.They used to give Bed, Bath & Beyond toiletries; now they give smaller bottles of an off-brand.They now charge more to stay on the higher floors.But the worst aspect is that a $14 resort fee is now charged. They say with the fee, customers get a free airport shuttle and a fun book. But they've offered those things for years, before the fee! Why not just raise the basic price of the rooms or offer the resort fee as an option.In summer, there are a gazillion kids in the  pool, and they used to splash and swim in the jacuzzi.  But now, kids under 16 are not allowed in the jacuzzi, which was a very nice move on their part. I suppose that since we've seen the hotel and casino since it was brand-new, it's expected that we would notice as things get older. But please, South Point,  please keep your fine establishment the wonderful place it started out as. People do notice when corners are cut.
3	The hotel is ok. I felt a little taken. The rate they advertize and you book at is not they rate you pay. They added $14.00 a night onto the bill for things I did not want or use. In other words the rate they post was not honest. One of the things they offer was an airport shuttle. When I tried to book it they said I had to wait an hour at the airport for it even though I booked it 3 days in advance. There goes another $25.00 for a taxi. Cab to the strip is $25.00 plus a tip. Their shuttle has stops so it takes much longer to get to the strip then a cab. This is not a fancy casino. Pro's; Nice rooms, movie theater, bowling alley, nice pool.
4	South Point Hotel and Casino is a great place to get during the busy seasons in Las Vegas. I paid $125 a night in the middle of June 2013 when EDC, WPT, and GP Las Vegas were all happening on the same weekend. During that time you could find room between $90 - $250 for 300-350 sq ft rooms. The standard size room in this place is 500 sq ft.. Pretty damn good find for that weekend.CONS; The downside to this is possibly the view. Even though you're not too far from the strip you can't see much. Another thing is when the Rodeo is in town. When that event is going on, that place will stink up, because they have their own arena for it. Lastly (but hopefully soon to be gone) is the BOYD Gaming company look. This Casino use to be a part of the BOYD gaming company, but then broke away from them a few years back. If you know BOYD gaming then you know what kind of looks I'm talking about. One thing that bothered me a lot was their policy on no roll in beds in rooms with 2 queen beds in it. They call it a fire hazard, yet the other rooms in Las Vegas allow roll in beds in their 350 sq ft rooms that contain 2 queen size beds. What's the deal here South Point?PROS; The Garden Buffet was better than what I expected. All the buffets under the BOYD gaming company is not worth going to at all. The appearance threw me off, but it's a good thing South Point is away from that organization. I highly recommend Friday's seafood buffet. Good Prime Rib too. The rooms... not very luxurious, but I'm not paying luxury price so I think I got more than what I paid for. Bathrooms inside are huge as well. High ceilings. Clean as well.Distance from the LV Strip; Driving wise, you are only 5 minutes away from the strip. Not bad at all. Entertainment; You can catch the Rodeo shows whenever they do it. There is also a movie theater on the second floor. I don't recommend the movie theater on the weekends. The guest and locals can fill up the seats, which may lead to less arm and leg room. Go to the strip. C'mon, it's Vegas.Casino Games; They have the variety, but I somewhat feel they could do more or at least better looking slot games.Parking; There is self parking as well as free valet. If you're not familiar with Las Vegas's hot seasons, you might want to do valet. The parking structure can get pretty hot.Service; Friendly staff as well as hot drink servers on the casino floor. My room had a broken diverter in the shower. I called the staff and within 5 minutes someone showed up at the door to fix it. Very nice.OVERALL; I would return and highly recommend this place for frequent visitors to Las Vegas. For people who are new and want the Las Vegas experience, go stay on the strip. If you're on a budget and still want more then your money's worth, come to South Point. Came 3 times in one visit. ;-)
5	my son and his basketball team were playing in a tournament so we were looking for a hotel with things to do for the kids and not being on the strip. this place has a lot to offer, it has 14 movie theaters, bowling alley, arcade and a good size swimming pool. perfect for the kids. the rooms were a surprise, they were clean and bigger then i expected. the bathrooms were very nice, always a plus to have a big bathroom. parking is easy, not like some other hotels on the strip. i was also surprised seeing the casino. it was huge, bigger then i expected too. all the families were happy with the hotel.
4	I came here a few months back because my husband dragged me to the Air Force financial seminar with him. Hmmm financial seminar in a casino, how ironic! The hotel/casino is nice and overall the place is pretty clean! The food that was served to us in the ball room was really good as well. Overall I had a pleasant time and will come back again in the future.
3	South Point is off the main area of the strip but the rooms are big and clean and affordable. The food at the Coronado cafe is better than expected.  I would give them 3.5 stars if I could. There is an attached equestrian arena and the parking smelled like the fair, but it was all good.  I didn't gamble here so I can't say much about that.
1	THE STENCH OF COW AND HORSE MANURE AT 110 DEGREES!  Last weekend we had a family gathering in Vegas and stayed at the South Point because we had good experiences there before.  This time they also had rodeo competition going on and they keep the animals next to their arena AND keep the doors open leading to the hotel.  Consequently, the smell of cow and horse shit in the hotel's Coronado Cafe took your breath away and it spread out through the gamming area.  Outdoors you could smell the manure at the pool and when you went out to your car in the parking garage that smell at 110 degrees almost stopped you in your tracks.  If you are planning to stay at the South Point make sure no animal events are going on.
2	I'm here for Paparazzi Jewelry convention. This is place is great, everything you need in one place with great places to eat, bowling, and movies. A little ways away from the hustle and bustle of the main part of the strip. The only downfall is if you are here on business the lack of internet to the rooms is disheartening.I was on the phone with tech-support for two days, a total of 4 calls once lasting as long as an hour trying to resolved it with no luck. Front desk customer service was sub par they seemed bothered that I wanted to be moved to a room with accessible internet. They did give me a new room but on the same floor, I tried to explain I needed a different floor cause tech support said the equipment servicing that floor could be faulty. Guess what still NO INTERNET! :(  So what was their fix, go to the sports bar you can get internet there. So here I sit to access my accounts for my business early in the morning before my convention meetings/classes or late at night after my meetings are over!Just frustrated that they aren't listening to my request. Don't feel like they give a SH*T! Going to complain again later today, but not sure that it will do any good.
3	I came here to meet my hanai parents for lunch and parked in valet.  The hotel itself is nice but valet is slow when it comes to getting your car.  I must of stood there for at least 20 minutes before my car was brought to me.Next time I will park my own car and save me money and time.
4	Nice, clean rooms. GREAT price, Bowling alley, theater, lots of places to eat. I enjoyed my stay.
4	I don't expect much for casinos off the strip.  If definitely in the same league of casinos like: Bellagio, Aria and Cosmo. Still this casino has sense of charm. You see a lot more locals and the older crowd here.I ended up here late one night attracted to the super cheap eats. My wallet was pretty thin on funds. I gambled my last few bucks and was able to quadrupled it. Local casinos pay out hands down.  In the end I made out like a bandit and filled my stomach.
3	Perfectly fine place. Don't have to high expectations. Priced right and clean rooms. Seems removed from Vegas being it's  kinda far from the strip. Overall not bad w limited frills. Casino seems brighter than most, no real atmosphere.
5	This is plain and simple a wonderful place to stay. Many years ago casinos with hotels had a nice business formula to attract people to gamble. They offered cheap hotel rooms, cheap meals, and cheap shows to bring people in. Many establishments now have moved away from this model. The hotel has not. We had great food, a great room and a great show (The Beach Boys) at a very reasonable price. This hotel is especially wonderful for older people.
3	Stayed here for 3 nights last week. The room itself was nice, as was the hotel and the casino. The only negative is the AC in the rooms was pretty useless. The room would get cool but there was no real airflow to speak of, so when you came in from outside, it took forever to cool off. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and the casino was pretty nice.
4	I LOVE the South Point. This was the second time we've stayed here and it was awesome. It's located about 5 or so miles south of the Mandalay Bay so if you're going to the strip, you should have a car. They do offer a shuttle that runs every 40 minutes as well. They have reasonably priced beers ($4.50 for an import) with lots of bars sprinkled around the Casino and attentive bar tenders. They also comp beers for video poker players. We ate at the Cafe and it was cheap and very good. We also at at the Mexican restaurant up stairs and it was excellent. We left so full!One thing we like about this place is that it has 60+ lanes of bowling. My wife loves to bowl and it's just something fun and different to do in Vegas. They also have a movie theater. The rooms are very spacious and pretty nice. For $50 during the week you just cannot beat the value. Heck, I've stayed in far less comfortable rooms in vegas for three times the price. My only complaint during this stay was that they have horse shows here and some of the horse smell would waft into the casino if you were close to the doors to the Equestrian center, and that happens to be right near the cafe. So that's kind of a downer. Even though it didn't ruin our meals or anything, if you're a city dweller and have never visited the country that might be a problem for you if there's an event taking place. All in all though I love this place. It's one of my favorite places to stay.
5	Very clean and nice casino. Probably good place for people that want to be back in Vegas. Primarily prime rib is awesome.  Great prime rib great prices great service. I'll definitely come back here for prime rib every time I return to Vegas
5	So family friendly! Movies, bowling, lots of events, and Steak n Steak so yummy! It's nice to be able to take the kids out especially during the summer and go $1 bowling. Tuesdays are $5 movies from open to close.
3	This hotel stands out in the desert but is very far from the strip. My personal experience here was a stay in a very large suite! I was a very seasoned Las Vegas traveler and did not find it necessary to be in the strip nightly. This was ideal considering I was in such a huge suite with several televisions throughout! The showers are amazing and the room service food for breakfast was so-so. I do not recommend this for a Vegas first time traveler on a budget for both time and money. The strip is too far and I could not imagine staying in a regular room here.
1	This place gets 1 star simply for the customer service since I am a huge fan of GREAT customer service! I didn't like the fact that even though I paid for my room a month prior, I had to pay a $100 deposit when checking in. The guy at the front desk pretty much told me that either I pay the refundable deposit or I would have to cancel the reservation. I explained to him that this should be stated when reserving online and he told me oh well that's the policy. I wasn't happy with that response needless to say....after spotting a sign that there was a $14 charge for a resort fee I then asked the same rude guy about it and he said not to worry about it because it was taken care of....he must of meant don't worry about it until you check out because that's when I got hit with paying the resort fee! The lady that checked me out was even ruder than the guy the day before! I will NEVER stay here again and if you are big in great service like me then you definitely don't want to stay here!!! Waste of money and waste of time! I had better service at a Motel 6!
4	The hotel was nice, as soon as you pull up, it looks as good as the strip hotels, however its much cleaner and nicer.There were dinner hotspots and an active casino.The clientele and the staff were pleasant to be around. The rooms are spacious and clean which is hard to find in Vegas. We didn't want to leave!I really enjoyed the view. The window was large, the bottom half of the view is of the roof, however the sprawling mountains were glorious during the sunrise and sunset. This hotel is well off the strip (10 min drive) and allows for the limitless views.
4	We stayed here recently for a family wedding weekend. This is the first time I have stayed off-strip and I love it! This place has it all and, unless you must, you never need to leave. There is a bowling alley, movie theater, several restaurants (half-price buffet with a Club Card), a spa and barber shop. The pool is good size and the area around the pool is large enough that sun-bathers and shade-lovers alike can find a nice spot to plant themselves.  I found it odd that the little shop at poolside would not serve anyone under 21...I get it about no alcoholic beverages, but they also have food and ice cream and we had to send in an adult to buy the kid's ice cream. Go figure! BUT....this place makes THE most tasty Bloody Mary's I have ever had and we had a couple of days to enjoy these delicious treats.Given the opportunity, we will definitely stay here again. Maybe next time I can win some of my money back.
3	We came here on a very busy Sunday to catch some football and make bets.  The Sports book was crazy, as expected but the line went quick.  Then we sat in one of the bars and watched football.  It was fun and the waitresses came around pretty often so you never had to flag her down to get a drink.  The only complaint I have is that it's always super smoky in there.  Someone in the bar was chain smoking cigars and it was pretty disgusting.  Also, the bloody marys were pretty terrible so we had to switch to beers.  But drinks are so cheap so if you're looking for a laidback environment and cheap drinks, this is the perfect place.
4	Got to watch John Caparulo in the Showroom at this hotel. What a fun and intimate time we had here!Staff at this hotel seems more friendly and helpful. Restaurants are obviously less bougie and wallet-friendly.Penny slots were fun cuz I won $20! :DPlenty of parking in the huge garage.I wonder how nice the rooms are here? Might have to stay here next time.
4	Time to update my review.  Since we moved away from Vegas a few years ago, we've come back to the South Point a couple of times, during the NFR Rodeo or when they're hosting an equestrian event.This is a really fun place to be during those events.  During the NFR, the South Point is the host of the Gold Buckle presentations every night in the showroom.  It's full of Cowboys & Cowgirls and there's music and parties in every bar.  With cheap food and drinks, it makes for a fun evening.All of the other points from my past review are still valid as well.Return Factor - 95%
4	Pretty awesome menus for the cheap breakfast. You can't beat it. If you're expecting the best service don't because the world comes here this late. Try to be patient and take care off your waitress.
4	$20 Brunch including Mimosas, can't go wrong :) Food was good, would definitely return.
4	The one stop shop for my needs these days in LV.  You have the cheap price which is the big draw.  Hard to compete with a new hotel that offers such low rates.  The rooms are nicely sized with plenty of room for the LO to run around without any sharp corners to hurt himself on.  The bathrooms are big and they have big tubs which he loves.  The view (pool side on this trip) was wide and perfect to enjoy the great view (no view actually but better than looking at a wall)Plenty of elevators to go around so the usually agonizing wait to check out on Sunday is not as bad as it is at other hotels.Bowling center is upstairs and if you go at the right time, it is not very crowded.  It's a good way to spend a couple of hours with the family.The pool is pretty decently sized with a lot of chairs to go around and a lot of them are in the shade, depending on the time of day.  The wait staff come around quite often and even more so if you tip them well.  I'm all for not having to get out of the pool for any reason except to go to the bathroom.  I just wish everybody got out to go to the bathroom.  I'm a realist.  It doesn't happen.Movie theaters are available if your kids are old enough.  Being in LV makes going to the movies seem  a lot cheaper than usual since tickets are so expensive these days.  Bingo!  I love Bingo!  What better way to stretch your money than play Bingo for an hour or so with the chance of winning a lot of cash and getting free snacks and drinks!Restaurants galore in this casino.  Not the greatest quality joints but the variety makes it easy to grab a quick bite  Steak n Shake is a good spot for a burger and shake.  The steak house is pretty good.  The buffet is average but cheap so it all evens out.Valet is much quicker than other hotels.  Lots of workers and a good system it seems.  Very friendly staff.Very good security from what I could see.  Never any rowdiness anywhere.  No kids allowed in any gaming areas unless you are moving through.  If you even stop for a second, they are on you.  I know from experience.  I was carrying my son and just happened to stop behind a row of slot machines because it had fish on it so I showed my son.  I was about 10 feet away from that row and no where near any other machines but the guard stopped us and just smiled at us.  It was clear what he was asking without saying a word and without being a jerk about it.  It was pretty cool.A very good hotel if you don't mind not being right on the strip or in downtown.
4	Apparently South Point is one of the casinos that a lot of Hawaii residents who moved to Vegas go to so here we were, going to South Point.We had just got off the plane and this particular casino was going to be the place I would lose my gambling virginity to.I played craps, didn't know what I was doing but apparently I lost. Weeee I love it!Here's one of my favorite parts about this casino. They comp your drinks if you play. Get drunk off free drinks and lose money? Yeeee! Just don't forget to tip.We waited till 12AM to hit up the restaurant inside since apparently there was this awesome $3 steak and eggs deal which I will probably write a review for after this.
3	BINGO! It's a pretty big deal here.I finally experienced late night bingo and free drinks here. I have to say, I kind of enjoyed it. It may just be my next guilty pleasure in Las Vegas. Definitely a change from all the clubbing and craziness on the strip.Other than bingo, the casino always seems pretty lively. I definitely enjoyed the fact that it was off the strip. There was no traffic around the area and it wasn't too much of a pain going through the casino to find parking.
5	Love this place! Me and my husband are going here for our anniversary. No need to leave this casino, they have great food and a movie theater to boot. Highly recommend this place to anyone visiting Las Vegas.
3	Hundred of places to stay in Vegas and SouthPoint is just another.I have stayed here on 4-5 occasions and usually it is with my daughters softball team. Nice hotel/casino that I think is good for the family. The rooms are nice and they have enough good places to eat. If I were going to Vegas with just the wifey; this is NOT the place to stay. Boring, too far from strip and minimal night life. If I were looking for a cheap place to stay that is still nice then I would look at The D in downtown. I usually open up Expedia or Vegas.com and look for the best hotel at the most reasonable price.
5	Best video poker in town and 75 cent Vienna hot dogs from 11-5 every day!  Yep this is where you relax.  5 Stars!  Hell to the Yes!
3	Casino was ok, older machines mixed in with a few newbs. I lost my butt off, but I should have stopped sooner. Thanks for the Drinks South Point.
4	A good value.  There was a slight horsey smell in the parking area and sometimes in the casino, but South Point did not seem as smokey as Orleans which is another nice bargain stay in Vegas.   The room was large, clean and nice enough.    The highlight of the trip, and one of the highlights of my life was spa day at Costa Del Sur with my sister.
3	A little surprised to see so many people miffed at the shortcomings of this place. We paid an extremely low rate for our room, so I wasn't expecting it to be like an on-strip property. Room was large, clean and comfortable. Hotel had good food options and very low prices, I randomly got to see Debbie Reynolds in their showroom for next to nothing. Primarily Prime Rib was a well priced dinner place and Silverado Steakhouse was a nice upscale-ish experience.Free shuttle to and from airport, free internet with resort fee of only $14, we never paid for valet so pretty sure that was free too. Bowling alley, movie theater, club, equestrian center (little stinky). I can't see what's to complain about given the prices. Great off-strip option.
3	Not a bad place, so the "A-OK" rating is fitting.Huge room on the 25th floor, a double bedroom room, with a large living area in the middle.  Many different dining options downstairs, from prime rib to Steak n Shake.The Seattle's Best coffee place gets very busy in the morning, be aware.The bagels at the deli are AMAZING, highly recommend one of those babies for breakfast.Hotel is about 10-15 minutes from the Strip, but the hotel has plenty of parking in the lots and in a large parking structure.
3	*This hotel is pretty far from the strip, and not for someone visiting LV for the first time ever.* This IS NOT all of what Vegas has to offer you, however it is affordable, relatively clean and new, and a pretty good hotel otherwise.
4	Large rooms, really spacious and quiet.My family kept winning on the willy wonka slots which was a plus. Even if you lose you get more entertainment than most other slot machines.Overall I was happy with the place.
4	You're looking for a place off the strip that's more relaxing in casual, this is your place. Five dollar blackjack tables all day; dealers very friendly. Great food selections at a very reasonable price. And the bowling alley that beats everyone! The rooms are average at best but they are clean. The staff was a little lacking.
5	Love this hotel!1) The casino isn't overwhelming like other hotels.  I like that I can get from my room to the parking garage in 5 minutes.  2) They comp generously.  I'm a small-stakes gambler ($10-$15 a hand) but they gave me the casino rate at the hotel and comped me food at the deli! 3) Love the vending machines on the floor, accepts credit cards without fees.  So convenient!4) Lovely, non-union cocktail waitresses.  Tip red and get great service!5) Steak-n-Shake6) 75 cent hot dogs7) Bowling alley, bingo, arcade, and movie theaters!
3	Off the strip.  That's its biggest downfall.  The rooms were clean enough, has food options available, bingo, slots, table games, a movie theater (!), a bowling alley... and a conference center.  There was a crafts fair going on when we stayed in the hotel and we were given a free ticket.  It was a sad crafts fair, but should there be a convention, it's an easy and nice play to stay for the event.  A good coupon book upon registering (one per person, so two for the two of us); which included a ticket to the showroom.  Had we not had tickets to a cirque show on the strip, I would have gone (value = $5).Clean, cheap, and easy.  Perfect for a Vegas trip.  Also has a shuttle ($8/day) to the strip should you wish to opt out of driving yourself over.  One other 'hidden' cost is the $14/day resort fee.  Wi-fi included in that.
5	Service great manager John went above and beyond to make our visit a great experience, John we will be back thank you
3	I have never gambled here, nor had a meal in any of there Restaurants.  I have really only been here to go see a movie in the theater.  So, with that said.... parking was easy, all of the employees we came into contact with were nice and the signage was easy to follow.  So, I have no complaints nor did I have any expectations.  I will update my review if I ever do anything substantial here.
5	One of the South Points best keep secrets is it's men's barber shop.I have been going there for over 6 years.Excellent haircuts and shaves at reasonable prices.Although they can accommodate walk ins, I strongly recommend you make anappointment.
4	My favorite casino of the bunch here in Vegas. They have everything: a great sports book, killer bingo room, good movie theater and bowling alley. Everything a person could want for entertainment.
4	We stay here every year for NFR and love the location since it is further down the strip.  The drink prices are reasonable at the bars, the rooms are clean, the prime rib restaurant is great.  Only downfall this year was no hot showers.  We called and complained a couple of times and due to so many staying at the hotel they knew it was a problem and gave us a $40 credit.  Hope they fix it for next year.  Won't stop us from staying here.
3	Kind a nice option off the strip, although technically it is on Las Vegas Blvd, it's really far away.  Because it's far away, it has to offer things that the strip casino doesn't.  And it does.  Bowling alley.  Movie.  Bingo.  Cheap tables.  It's not iconic, even though it's the only high rise around.  It's clean and big but also not glamorous.  If you want to gamble and do some other things, then this may be a good option.  But the distance is large enough for me not to consider it.  Too bad, it is nice.
3	The Rooms are great, has some real good place to eat and the bars are good.  Just the Sports Book Bar really Sucks.  The Bartenders there suck and they are slow and they just dont care.  I waited 25 minutes to get my drink and had to tell two bartenders my order and they still took forever!   They care id you are playing a game or not.  They walk around and visit and pour zero drinks.... Drink at the other bars the Sports Book Bar Tenders just sucks!Good thing that the rooms and food and the other bars are good or the Star rating would go down even more!
1	This place should be rated less than zero for customer service. We had a horrible experience with the buffet. Couldn't tell you about the food. We got in the line at 9:59 am and were told they were closed when the sign said they served until 10:00 am. That might have been ok if they weren't so rude and when we walked away the cashier actually laughed! OMG! I called to complain to the food service manager. I was told he was in meeting. Not even offered someone else or voice mail. I guess the lack of good customer service starts at the top. Too bad since it's not a bad place otherwise.
1	Before writing this review I went to the front desk and tried to explain my dissapointment and was completly brushed off. The night we checked in the room rate given over the phone through reservations was higher than what I was quoted - the front desk would not accept it ($9 difference) the Expedia rate (more than a 50% difference) and still the gentleman would not match or discount the room rate even after seeing what I had pulled up. When I checked out I was not asked how my stay was so I vocalized my disappointment with the lack of service I received the night before and all I got was "oh ok I will let him know" I was shocked! No discount no apology Nada! I then requested the managers name and contact info and she replied "that's me" as she wrote her name and email on a card. Locals, find another hotel that value you as a customer - this by far was the worst experience ever at any hotel in Vegas that I've ever come across. Shame on you South Point for not appreciating business from the locals!
5	The Costa del Sur Spa at the South Point is an amazing local gem! The spa is comparable to many on the strip, and offers locals a great retreat from the hustle and bustle of Vegas. They offer locals discounts, and their full spa menu is available on their web site.The spa offers the normal amenities -- whirlpool, dip pools, steam and sauna along with a nice lounge and immaculate showers. I love the fact that each shower stall features a different fragrance of shower gel and shampoo.I booked my massage with Kevin. He is very personable and professional, and performed the best massage I have ever experienced. The massage rooms are immaculate and serene. I would definitely recommend Kevin for massage!The entire staff was very warm and professional. This was a great local spa experience!
4	First time in Vegas but my bf used to live here so I'm getting a great tour. Vegas was a bit, ok a lot, overwhelming at first so ill update thus review as the week how's along. Rooms are awesomely huge with a phone in the bathroom....they think of everything. Bed was very comfortable with nice linens. Plenty of computer workspace, dresser and closet space. TV is typical flatscreen but channels are weird. That could be since I watch tv 2 or 3 times a month? Dinner in the Coronado Cafe did not meet my expectations. I had heard fantastic stories of how fabulous the big casino food is......wrong. The staff were pretty clueless about gluten-free and this is the smoking over-indulgence capital of the world, so I can't rate on that basis. If you have a family and want choices, it's Denny's-like and ok.Room elves, love them :)WAIT! No fridge? That's gonna keep em at 4 stars for now.
5	At check in, was upgraded to city view for free! Then given a room at the far end of the hallway for quietness, per my request.The hotel rooms are huge! They are clean!!!!! Staff is friendly and helpful! Restaurants are very good, with great options!We don't gamble, so can't review that part of the hotel.Ended up sick & staying in bed for three days in the hotel room! It was soooo quiet! Perfect!Since we had the "Do not disturb" sign on the door for three days, Security came to check on us. :-) Pretty nice of them actually.I would highly recommend, and I will stay there again!!!
5	I had occasion to spend the last couple days at a motorcycle auction at the Southpoint and things are much improved. Don't blame me though. Ate at Steak & Shake in hotel and it ain't InN'Out but OK. The thing I wish to congratulate them on is the placement of the huge toilet paper rolls in their public restrooms. The dispensers are up at shoulder hight instead of knee high as is most public restrooms.
2	We've stayed here for the last couple CES conventions. The previous visit was definitely more enjoyable. During my most recent visit, the room (14th floor, not facing the pool) was very noisy due to the ventilation system (or something) directly below.  Also, the casino was extremely smokey, which is strange since this is technically a newer casino - I didn't recall it being that bad previously.  Other than that, I'd place South Point as about a 3.5 star hotel (or a 4 star rapidly trending down).  The rooms are great sized for the costs, but getting a bit worn. And the restaurants are all good. It would be nice if they had a more late night dining options.
3	Three stars this year,before it get to two stars gonna check out other hotels maybe down here M Hotel Resort.?? any way three light bulbs were out in the room has 9 lamps with 4 track lamps there was plenty of of light in the the room,the point is they have you pay extra for resort fee even if you don't use the services,so if I pay for for a room I won't all the lamps to be working even if I only turn on one,housekeeping left in the closet a airliner luggage tag with the person name on it guess they did not look in there, and last it was supposed to be a non-smoking room but there cigarette burn on the carpet floor #1027
2	Nice room and the bowling alley was cool.Big minus for the morning shuttle leaving earlier than scheduled and the front desk denying the fact. We were outside by 9AM but the shuttle was already gone. Be prepared to pay cab fare. Just DO NOT RELY ON THE HOTEL SHUTTLE SERVICE.
2	Nice room and plenty to do. Front desk, and valet desk are rude. They would rather lie and bicker than do their job accommodating THEIR CUSTOMER!!!   Word of advice - when you are wrong, shut up and help someone who is already stressed by your lack if efficiency.  Communicate more internally and less trying to make up reasons why you think you are not wrong. Essentially, don't believe a word they tell you and do not depend in them.
5	Very Clean, Spacious and nice rooms. We stayed there for 3 days and it is very close to the strip as well. Prices are decent if purchased in advance. At check-in we got coupons for the restaurants and buffet. we used their buffet and Paid around $30 for 3. Huge variety of food and well-worth the price...Pool area is also very clean and nice. House keeping and hotel staff is friendly. Free parking and very cool hotel!!!
4	I was stranded after a flight of mine was canceled. $50 a night tonight not bad. The rooms and bathrooms are very clean. The best part about it is Wi-Fi the street video and movies. Would definitely like this hotel to any standard traveling. There are gambling and several restaurants. The best is an Asian restaurant for good sushi and the Italian restaurant. The hotel is a bit of a ways off the strip. It does take about a 15 minute ride to get to the airport and main strip. Otherwise it's very very nice.
4	I've never stayed here, only ate at the Garden Buffet so that's what this review is based on. First off, be sure to get a players card. Definitely saves you money! With that being said, the buffet has your average Mexican, American, Asian, Seafood, etc. Sections. I thought the food was pretty good. My husband on the other hand wasn't a fan of the breakfast items. The ribs are delish! Service was OK. You get your plate(s) and once seated a server will come over and get you your drink. All in all, I would definitely eat here again. For $10 a person can't really complain!
3	Check in line is long on a Friday night however it moves fast.  Plenty of gaming areas, I only stuck to the slots. There is a movie theater which is pretty nice. Plenty of restaurants to choose from and bars around every corner. Show room is so-so... Saw a cover band and maybe 15 people were in the audience, pretty sad.  Rooms are nice and beds are super comfy. Any employee will be seen with a smile and greets you. Rooms don't smell like smoke (huge bonus!!). Parking garage is gigantic - opt for that instead of the surface lot. For an off the strip casino/hotel, it's not bad.
4	This hotel was recommended to us from family friends. It's about a 15min drive from the strip. The price is excellent and we found the hotel room to be large and very clean. The casino was nice and I was lucky enough to win a good bit of money. We only ate at the Coronado Cafe for breakfast. The food is pretty much like a Denny's, nothing special. We checked in on a Sunday night and there was a long line at the check in, but it seemed to move pretty fast. We didn't have a reservation and they accommodated us. There is a $14 fee per day for wifi and to use the fitness center. The pool area was also closed for the week so no such luck to check it out. I didn't access the theater or bowling alley but they are available.
4	This is a good choice if you want a hotel out side of the strip. They are pretty close to stores and eateries. The food at the hotel was not bad. The casino was not the greatest, but for a 5 night stay in vegas the price was un beatable.If you rent a car then this would be a good choice, if not you will spend a ton in cab fare. We had a car so we had no complaints. Although if you are out there for gambling and the whole Vegas experience Getting a hotel closer to the strip and cabbing it would be a better choice. You will pay double the price though.
1	I had a bad experience with check in/out desk.   Erica Smith was a bully.   I felt disrespected and demeaned in front of other guest.    My husband had made a mistake with a check out date and Alyssa was explaining what we needed to do with the extra cost when Erica came over and it was just shocking how we were treated.    We at no time raised our voices, we were just looking for clarification and stunned that we mixed up our date for check out.    Erica was loud and kept repeating over and over again that we had signed we had signed at check in....... and that security would have escort us to get our things.     Felt like a common criminal and was treated as such.    She at no time even asked what she could do to help or what we could do to stay that night.   Instead we were asked to pay for half day to check out immediately.    We cut our vacation short and just drove home and didn't come back to California till 3am.   I come to Las Vegas several times a year. I've stayed at numerous hotels and have never been treated with such disrespect When I asked to please speak to a manager she said that she was the one in charge and that there was nothing I could do about it.     Let's be clear I was not asking for anything but an explanation of how much more it would be to pay to stay that night.  Money is not an issue.  I was happy to pay whatever it was for our mistake.    We were never given that option we were basically kicked out.    I informed Erica that I would be writing a bad Yelp and she said to go ahead nothing was going to happen to her.  She even gave us a card with her name on it.     Everything that came out of her mouth was a Shock.  I even looked  back to the long line of people waiting and shrugged my shoulders and told them I was very sorry.     I do expect a response and an explanation of how her behavior is going to be addressed.   Nobody deserves to be treated that way.   I own my own business my husband owns his own business we would never treat our employees clients or patients in any other way but respect and care.Thank you for your immediate attention.  Dr. Ballard.
3	My reviews are few and far between because I'm a creature of habit. I simply don't want to risk going somewhere new and possibly being disappointed. It's a function of age, I think. In any event, if you're ever searching for me, I'm very easy to find because I'm usually in one of only ten places. Except for Stateline, South Point is probably the farthest casino from my house. The only reason I knew that it even existed, was because I got roped into bowling there one summer. However, I found the casino to be very bright, clean, and always bustling. The upstairs bowling lanes followed in kind with the atmosphere of the casino.Unfortunately I have never eaten in any of their many restaurants, but they all look nice. Back to the casino...It has all the usual slot machines, table games, a poker room, etc., but for some reason, they recently got rid of their penny Keno machines. It's a shame because that's one of favorite games.On the other hand, this place has a 24hr gift shop, which you can't find in other locals' casinos (I consider South Point a locals' casino because it's part of the Coast Casinos family.) The cigars in the gift shop are low-priced and the selection is well above average.That's important to me because I do most of my gambling in the wee hours of the morning. It's actually worth the 30 minute drive, just to so I can buy a cigar to smoke while I play the penny slots. If I ever eat there, I'll be sure to update my review, and possibly move it to 4 stars. Who knows...If they bring back the penny Keno, they might even get 5 stars.
4	I've stayed here many times. The South Point is a huge value for the money the rooms are almost as big if not exactly as big as the Venetian. If there had been 15% more effort put into the rooms, you could have classified them as luxury. Here's what I mean. the shower has a fantastic over-sized Kohler head that's just Kaboom! in the morning. But then they added a box on the vanity for srynges!!  I kid you not.   The bed is the most comfortable one I've ever slept on in Vegas, but then the room is so spartan and devoid of any theme or picture etc that you wonder what happened.Over-all though, it's clean, the rooms are great, price is great.  You do need a car. But I always get a car because it's fun to zip around the strip, and the car rentals are so cheap the whole price is the same as the taxi ride to and from the airport.
4	This was my 1st time staying here and I gotta say I loved it!!... We arrived early to Vegas and check in is not till 3.. I was able to check into our room at 11 with no extra fee. I know other hotels charge extra for early check in..... We did some bowling which was fun. Took our dtr to the arcade that is on the same floor.. My sister went to the movie theater that was also located upstairs...We also ate at there Deli which was fab and also at there buffet... Gots tons of discounts. We also played bingo for the 1st time and the staff helped me out alot in understanding the game which I would not mind playing again..Overall I would definitly stay here again.. Easy check in and check out..
5	OK, so you're coming to Vegas and you don't want to lose your shirt with an expensive hotel; well winner winner chicken dinner. This place has everything, and I do mean everything. While some of the reviews I have read here doesn't given them their props I can assure you this place is clean, friendly, fun, and at the right price point.
5	We stayed at the Southpoint this past weekend. Our military ball was Friday and we stayed thru Sunday to attend the Nascar race on Sunday. We had a great experience . The casino and our room were clean, the food was great and the customer service we received during the weekend could not have been better. The Seattle's Best Coffee, Steak & Shake, movie theatre and bowling alley make this hotel an obvious choice when visiting Las Vegas!!!
4	You get what you pay for.  Great cheap hotel with some good restaurants.  Very local oriented.
4	South Point is actually one of my favorite places to go and hang out as far as casinos are concerned.  Their bingo is actually pretty dang fun, the movie theater is great, the bowling alley is a fun spot to chill with friends, the slots are a bit looser since it's off the strip and *drumroll* they have Steak 'n' Shake!It's got a little bit of a smokey, stale-type air on the inside but any of the above places I mentioned are definitely free of strange cigarette odors.The valet parking is pretty fast and they have awesome outdoor heaters for when it's chilly and you are waiting for your car.  It's also only $1!  Don't get stingy - TIP!I'm not sure if it's still a thing there or not, but on Fridays they have a Happy Hour from 4pm-10pm where ALL drinks are $2 at all the bars inside South Point.  I got an Incredible Hulk for $2.  Holy cow!  Great deal.  Nice bartenders, too.Overall, I feel like there's a lot of great elements in the South Point that make it a great spot to go without being touristy or expensive.
4	Great place friendly people just down to earth folks. So if you want to stay away from the strip this is the perfect place to go
5	Always here for the Mint 400 race. Fits the needs with parking, service and great staff.
1	Meh.We rented a total of 5 rooms for about 3 nights. The internet was 'free' but slow, one of our ACs in the rooms didnt work, 3 out of our 5 rooms had the next building's wall for a view, and while I was waiting for Leham Reed (front desk) to re-make our demagnetized or non working room card at 1 am.... my girlfriend slept on the floor in front of the room for about an hour in a half.The food in the buffet was barely OK. My car was broken into in their parking lot and the vending machine ate my money. If you want to take a cab to or from the strip plan on spending $30 each way.The room is OK - it has no fridge. I would recommend this place if youre looking for what was described, plus a customer service representative that seemed incompetent, irrational, and spaced out. They were not able to 'confirm' who owned the room. I suggested he call the number on file and let him tell you his last 4 on his credit card used... this was after the first hour of straight FRUSTRATION.It took an hour and a half to get in.. It ruined my night and a close friend's 'first vegas experience'I would not recommend this place for now.
1	0 for 2 ...tonight is my 2nd and last stay at South Point. first time the room directly above us had a water problem and they moved us in the middle of the night. This time I had a d not disturb sign on my door so that I could rest and relax. a bell hop banged on my door and woke me from a dead sleep. very upset I called the front desk and they offered me a $25 food credit, really? It's not about the money! It's about the respect of your guests! If there is a do not disturb sign on the door please honor it. The token food credit is ridicules and won't get me my rest back. If anything I feel I deserve an apology ...
2	The front desk employee and bowling employee both acted like we were bothering them so it was really uncomfortable checking in and trying to get a lane. Don't count on the shuttle to the strip - it was full the 3 times we tried. It's not a private hotel shuttle so it goes to other hotels and when we tried to get on they only let a couple of people on from this hotel at a time. Manager said its first come first serve when we tried to reserve a spot. Cab ride was $30 each way so if you plan on staying here and going to the strip - add that to your costs unless you are patient and lucky enough to get on the shuttle - then it is only $8We won't be staying here again - too many other options in Vegas.
3	This is a great budget hotel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. You are away from the craziness of the strip. But a short 5 minute drive and you are back in it. The hotel amenities are a big plus.
4	Accommodations are roomy, Beds are comfortable, housekeeping is very responsive.We stayed on the 17th floor and the air conditioning worked great. Plenty of hot water and great water pressure. Good showerhead and large shower curtain.Every employee contact was remarkable. People were very friendly and very helpful. We would stay here again without hesitation.
2	Don't go here for food unless you want to wait in lines forever.  Every restaurant or deli has the longest and slowest functioning lines.
5	Lets just get to the bummer .. no frig in the room. We got a coupon book and used it!   free bowling, bottle wine, deserts, gift at gift shop When we got to the hotel my husband was a little upset with me because it was away from the strip.  But this place has everything.. bowling alley, equestrian rink, movie theater, sushi bar, oyster bar, Mexican, steak, Italian, show, 24 hour restaurant , heated pool, hot tub, coffee in room and hair, lotion supplies.  We stayed for a week and enjoyed all of the amenities.  oh and an arcade.  I read other reviews and it said lots of locals go here.  well you know hubby that wanted to be in the middle of the strip when we went and all the crazy tourist acting crazy and drunk he said lets just go back to our hotel they have everything.  Everyone was nice and I would write our housekeeping what I needed and it was their everytime!   Just ask if you need something I needed a blanket and extra pillow no questions it was their!   Now the buffet for dinner was ok.  Its affordable and if you stay their they have a 50% off cpn dang who can have all you can eat prime rib for 8 bucks.  And its close to the airport and outlet mall and other dining facilities but we just used our coupons.
3	We took a family of five to South Point for Spring Break. Having stayed at Wynn, Mandalay, Red Rock, etc., we were attracted by the cheap rooms and an off strip experience with three kids under 18.First, it is so accessible to the Strip it's great. Hop on I-15, drive south for five or six miles, get off, there you are. Second, parking is eeeeasy. Much easier than any Strip hotels. The best thing about staying here I would say are the rooms. Big, clean, with a separate vanity area from the toilet and shower. Not particularly luxurious, but for the price they were great.Amenities -- Bowling alley, good. Movie theater, good. $5 first-run movies on Tuesdays. Equestrian center was a fun, different, experience. Unusual to be able to just walk in and watch without a huge production. Nice. Gift shop has cheap wine, beer, and liquor.Casino -- nothing special. I don't play slots, but the dealers were friendly and, um, sympathetic when they hammered me at blackjack.Overall, it's not the place to go for the "Vegas" experience. Not a whole lot of ambiance, but the place is solid. A fair number of food options, easy on/off the freeway, good-sized rooms, some things for kids to do make this a solid family option.
4	4 stars because South Point will always be one of my favorite hotels. I was disappointed that some of the  Wizard of Oz slot machines were replaced by new ones so I didn't gamble much. Zenshin was awesome. Big Oyster Bar lobster grilled cheese sandwich  was blah. Will always come back.
1	Not our go to hotel anymore. We have been coming here for years. We used to really enjoy it.  The atmosphere used to make you feel welcomed and valued. Now we just felt taken advantage of.  Especially with their $14.00 a night "resort" fee. I wouldn't mind it if it made you feel like you were actually at a resort. My husband comes to a yearly convention and we don't like to be in the hustle and bustle of the strip. It's close enough to get to where we need to be and far enough to get away when we're done.   It has just really gone down hill. The customer service is where I feel it most. The Coronado Cafe was terrible. We couldn't even get extra cream for our coffee and tea (let alone a second tea bag before my water got cold). The food tasted like it was left over from the breakfast service at the Garden Buffet.  Anytime we asked for something, we would first have to get our servers attention (not easy) just to have him pass our request to someone else and then wait...and wait...and wait. At least the supervisor did refund our drinks after we complained.  Now the room. Why is there a rubber pad inside the mattress pad? Do they even know how uncomfortable that makes you when you are trying to sleep? The "cover" is little more than a sheet. When we requested another blanket, it was a worn and faded old thing. Don't expect more than one pillow per person either.  Bottom line, if we can't be comfortable enough to sleep and the customer service makes us not want to dine there...why would we be there?
3	My wife and I spent three days here, our room was nice but our view was not.  We had a view of a wall.  I'm not really complaining too much about the view because our room rate was very reasonable.  As soon as I got to the room I jumped on the bed...I commented to my wife that it was very hard and that the bed we had at the holiday inn the night before in LA was better...then I read other peoples reviews and saw this was a common complaint here. Our shower wasn't all that great, the water only got Luke warm at best. We tried their steakhouse restaurant and it was decent...I've had better but it wasn't bad. The casino is nice, we're not big gamblers but did end up loosing about 100 bucks and we had fun. The staff we encountered were nice to us... Except the lady at the bowling alley and the guy working the bar next to the bowling alley. We had an opportunity to go bowling at midnight.  I was a little disappointed when I was bowling, my wife and I wanted to drink and have fun... Figured if we went bowling after midnight it would be an adults only event... We were wrong, there were kids everywhere until 3 AM.  Screaming and yelling and having a good time.  Though I guess that's not the hotel's fault, it is what it is.  However I asked for a lane away from everyone and we got put right in the middle of the kid zone. The guy at the bar seemed like he was there for his friends at the end and even though all the seats were empty between me and his five friends, I ended up waiting forever until he was ready to come take my order.  Even the guy waiting next to me left and came back before my order was taken...he was blown back by that.  The important question is what I ever come back? Yea probably.  For a cheaper price than paying for a hotel on the strip, what this hotel offers is good.  This place is definitely an alternative if you want to stay off the strip.
1	This review is for the first 10 minutes of walking into my room.My uncle plays at this casino almost every day that he lives here and the one time we decide to stay- they comp us a shit room. It's tiny, doesn't offer extra cots and the toilet- of course it doesn't wanna flush. Are all comped rooms like this? Maybe we should have just paid for the room... we will see if we decide to stay for the rest of the weekend.I stayed at the LVH for a nice 2 bedroom suite for $75... and $70 for a gorgeous one bedroom suite at Hard Rock Hotel!
2	Shortly after I wrote the first rating, I was contacted by an employee or HR from the casino.She reached out to me to apologize and see if they can make it up. This meant a lot.Although the incidents still happened, I am pleased to know that at least they care.Perhaps what happened on my trip was bad luck - but nonetheless... I had a below average to average experience here. The buffet was pretty expensive for the quality of food.
1	Never go back!I stayed for two nights at this hotel. They charged 4 times for the hotel with totally different funny names even their employees could not understand. When I checked out they gave me bill without total amount for hotel charge and I had to do the calculation by my self. I did not look at the bill when checking out and I called to ask for explanation about 4 different numbers, one male from the front desk put me on hold for 35 minutes and he is rude and no idea about math, a typical JA! Service was terrible. Besides, the casino is full of smoke and give headaches. My throat aches too. Not healthy at all. If you have a baby, never stay in this hotel and bad to their health. Never come back again. The swing pool is dirty too and the shower heads are not working. The pool is full of dust of EPP chemical foams from the construction!
3	We chose South Point because we had a car and didn't need to be centrally located to the Strip. It also had the main ingredients we needed for a spring break trip with a child: kid friendly food, swimming pool, bowling alley and movie theatre.     The hotel is very manageable. It's large but you don't have a five mile hike like the Strip hotels from the reception to the elevator banks to your room. The reception desk was easy to locate and a short walk to the elevators (which had a security guard checking for room keys before you could go into an elevator). Our room overlooked the parking garage and possibly a club. We could see the Strip from our window.    Our room was quite spacious and clean. Like almost all Vegas hotels, no mini fridge so we could stash our water bottles. Our bathroom was quite large with a separate shower and toilet from the sink.     My biggest gripe about the hotel is that the mattresses were really hard. Seems like a trend in most hotels today to put these hard mattresses on beds since they know they are going to be abused or serially slept on. Neither my husband or I got a decent night of rest while there. Minor gripe was I couldn't fall asleep one night from the sound of a heavy dance beat vibrating up.       The average people we saw at the hotel skewed older (we saw a very old woman pushing her walker, bent over it, clad in zebra print with a lanyard about her neck with her players club card swinging from it), urban and Asian. It also seemed slightly less nicotine hazy which I'm good with.
2	Don't go here with high expectations and you will be fine.  Gym is good. Primarily Prime restaurant was good.  Garden Buffett not so good. Beds hard sheets crunchy but room was clean and spacious. Valet very slow and under staffed, A lot of kids and families so very crowded.  For the lack of quality at the hotel the prices were high for food and regular drinks.
3	Used to love this place back when it first opened but now it's gone down hill. You still can't beat the price for rooms and the size of the rooms are very large. They have 24hr bowling and a movie theater which is great. The people in and out of the casino are shady, the rooms we got didn't have a mini fridge and the channel selection on the tv is about six channels non of which are HBO.
4	This is a great place if you want to get away from the traffic and crowds of the strip.  Parking is easy and there is a little bit for everyone.  There is a full sports book and horse racing that is huge so you can really spread out.  Only tip is looks for the 75 cent hot dogs by the sports book.  The line looks long but it moves.  Pleasant staff overall.  Only negative is some spots do look a bit outdated.
4	I went to South Point to bowl. They have a huge bowling alley with plenty of lanes. I loved bowling here, and would definitely come back.
4	its a nice local casino.  Just dont go in there when a rodeo is in house.  This place gets packed quick.
1	I wish that I could give less than one star. This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I tried explaining to Tiffany the front desk manager that I was allergic to something in the room that was causing my throat to swell and my nose to run and that we had requested a new room without success. She told me that she didn't believe I was sick and told me that she wouldn't do anything to remedy the situation. I've never been so completely disgusted by customer service. I will never stay at this hotel again and I truly hope that management takes some time to look over their values. The customer may not always be right, but disrespecting the customer is always wrong.
4	South Point has been one of the more decent hotels that I've stayed in when I was in Vegas. I've heard a lot of nightmare stories from the more popular hotels around the area, but that was never the case when I stayed at South Point. The one thing that I like about this place is that it's not far from the strip, but it's also not on the strip (main reason why I chose to stay here). The hotel is also clean and very well maintained as well as the rooms! No dirty surprises and no inconveniences! My whole stay here was pleasant and enjoyable!I definitely recommend this hotel if you ever stay in Vegas!
4	The hotel was clean, the casino was nice, and the shuttle to the strip was very convenient. They have several restaurants in the hotel that offer a wide variety of foods. The Italian restaurant was amazing, but their buffet was ever better! Would stay here again.
1	The check in and rooms were okay, brought some of our own beer to the room since it was warm and we happen to enjoy a lot of beer while in Vegas. But when trying to go to the casino to look around, the security guard at the entrance was very vocal about "Nevada State Law Prohibits" (something about alcohol). I asked him what he wanted me to do with my bottle of beer. He said I had to dispose of it prior to entering the casino. That was embarrassing and I don't remember seeing any signs posted about this and never ever had any problems with this issue before and I been coming to Vegas for 30 years. The security guard reminded me of a rejected police officer candidate with an attitude. By the way I am a retired police officer.I hit up several poker machines at the various bars, at the end of my $200 limit for the day. I didn't win anything within a 2 hour period. This gave me time to see how the bartenders were. Two bartenders were OK but most were not paying attention and took 20 minutes to get a drink. At one sports bar, the bartenders were just flat out rude and didn't even acknowledge me. I just kinda figured the security guards and some of the bartenders here must attend the same kind of hospitality training. Went back to the room, cussing at myself why we even come here.We hit up the buffet and it was priced below normal prices and we found out why, nothing spectacular here but was OK (I guess).We are regulars during the rodeos and have stayed here for the past 4 years but have no more high expectations for hospitality.
4	An affordable and good non-strip hotel. I've stayed here at least a half dozen times and each time the hotel was clean and well maintained. The rooms are a good size and tidy. The spa is very nice. They have a ceiling water jet that's pretty soothing. I actually prefer this spa over the spa at Mandalay bay.Primarily prime rib is an excellent restaurant. Get the south pt cut.Good hotel if you have kids. Movie theater and bowling alley on site.
2	Terrible slots. Everything else good. Cheap breakfast 12am- 6am. Spacious floor, variety of rip off slots, nice amenities.
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. Here's a tip... STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE! It's not as if there aren't plenty of other hotels in the area. I had to stay here, there was a convention I had to attend for work taking place at this location. The conference will most likely be here next year too and I'll make sure to stay somewhere else. The food is gross and overpriced. The service was not good. As soon as we landed we attempted to locate the "free shuttle" that they advertise for bringing guests from the airport to the hotel. When we couldn't locate it we called the hotel and they told us that the shuttle had to be reserved 24 hours in advance and it was full for the day. He was incredibly rude and in hindsight he should have prepared me for the customer service standard this hotel holds.The worst part of my stay here was the customer service (or lack thereof). The temperature was in triple digits so we decided to try the pool. There are two pools (one large one  and one smaller one that is probably for kids) and when we got there the larger pool was fairly empty. We laid by the pool for a little and then I started to climb in the pool. After a few minutes of wading around a life guard whistled at me. Apparently they were cleaning the pool and guests weren't allowed in due to the presence of chemicals. No sign, nothing stating this. I would have appreciated some type of warning before stepping into a contaminated pool apparently filled with cleaning chemicals but oh well. After I got out I noticed other guests making the same mistake and I even heard one remark, "why isn't the pool roped off?"So everyone starts gathering in the smaller pool. Not even 15 minutes later everyone is kicked out of that pool as well. Apparently it was also contaminated. Lovely. And once again, no warning sign, no roped off area. Again I saw many people walk into it not knowing it was contaminated. Eventually we went up to the room because it was clear we wouldn't get any time in the pool.We decided to come back later at night to use the hot tub and relax. There is one hot tub with a sign at the entrance clearly stating, "No children under the age of 16 allowed in hot tub area". However, there was absolutely no one enforcing it. So the hot tub was over-run with children, splashing and swimming as if they were in the pool. We asked the life guard if there were indeed children allowed in the hot tub and he assured us they were not and then he asked them to leave. One parent became belligerent about his child not being allowed in the hot tub and the life guard had to call security. Not exactly the relaxing atmosphere one would hope for. As soon as the life guard left the hot-tub once again became filled with children. So we left. When I got back to the room I called the front desk to tell them I was disappointed by the events described above. She was not sympathetic and actually told me that it was my fault for not asking the staff to ask the children to leave the hot tub. When I told her that I did and it didn't help she then told me I should have called her instead. She then proceeded to tell me that there was nothing she could do about it but would I like a $15 food credit to my room? I would have much rather appreciated a caring/understanding/apologetic customer service representative and no food credit rather than receiving a measly $15 food credit and having to deal with the rude and condescending representative. TL;DRRude staff, save yourself the headache and stay somewhere else. Don't plan on using the pool even when it's 100+ degrees. This place is cheap and you get what you pay for.
4	Came here for a night after a long stay at Caesars Palace.  This place has a few things going for it and a few downsides.   First, it's a trek from the Strip. If you are local or driving in, having a car helps get around.  This place is very family friendly, with a big pool area and plenty of things for the kids to do including a ticket arcade, a huge, high-quality bowling alley and a $5 movie theater.  As nearly every review I've seem about the hotel says it's clean and quiet, I have to agree and these are pretty valuable. On the other hand, it's a 3 star hotel at best, as far as quality goes.The casino is big but is mainly slot machines.  There's plenty of smokers here but the atmosphere is far less hectic than anywhere on the strip. Plenty of $1 minimum tables.   There's also a poker room.The restaurants all seem very standard except Michaels which I did not dine at but does seem to be an older-world restaurant with its decor and menu.  The prices were pretty steep and if the food matched the prices, it would be a sore thumb in this otherwise budget-oriented hotel and casinoOverall this place was a pleasant surprise.  Great for families in Vegas that has a taste of Vegas in it
5	Stayed here with the wife and we loved it!  We went to a movie, she did the spa thing (which she highly recommends), I got a shave from the barber, and we gambled.  Every experience we had was fantastic!
4	This place was a great choice and a good value. Our room was clean and ready when we arrived and the service has been on point. That says a lot considering its memorial day weekend. We are also pleased with all the properties amenities.  They have a very nice pool and hot hub area.
4	This hotel may not be convenient for visiting the strip, but maybe that can be a good thing. Sometimes, (at least for me) you don't want the hustle, bustle and glitz of the strip. Maybe you just want to relax, eat, drink and gamble. My stay at the South Point was very low key and I loved every minute of it. Check in was swift and easy. There were no surprise charges, everything was explained to me beforehand (telephone reservation) and staff was very friendly.I was very impressed with the cleanliness of this hotel and casino. All throughout, the hotel looked tidy and newish. That made me feel at ease because I'm somewhat of a germaphobe, but at the South Point I didn't feel on edge in that respect. Unfortunately, the BF is a smoker and nagged me into booking a "smoking room". Usually I hate this in Vegas because a "smoking room" usually means the rooms smell bad, really bad--a stench that just never goes away. At the South Point, the "smoking room" we stayed in didn't wreak of smoke and it actually had a nice view-- we could see the strip in the distance. Not too shabby. I appreciate that. I didn't take advantage of the amenities this time (spa, gym, pool), but I plan to return and take advantage. As long as you don't mind being ten minutes from the strip and are not expecting an uber swanky place to stay, the South Point proves a great choice for accommodations.
5	Very nice! I liked the openness of the hotel overall.  They had very good restaurants and the room was a 9. Pretty large room with King sized bed.  The bay window made the room. The was a sofa with table and a eating table with 2 chairs.  It was more of a resort hotel which made it family friendly. We use the gym which had ample equipment.  The spa was very pricey though. Overall I give the hotel a 9.
1	we just left South Point after seeing the Jerry Lewis show.   He is a very mean natured man, and it had nothing to do with his age.  part of his show is audience questions, and he insulted every audience member who asked a question...not funny Don Rickles put downs.  therefore only about 10 people had questions.  his film clips could have been a goldmine, but some lasted too long, a nd also watching him in these clips,  you could see the meaness.  big waste of money and so disappointing.
1	WORST service ever!  From the hostess, bus person & waiter..,.to many other restaurants around to waste ur time here!!!   We live in Las Vegas & bring lots of family here for dinner, but not anymore!!!
4	We love staying here! It is family friendly with an arcade and bowling alley. They have a movie theater also. We stay here on a regular basis and yes we bring our children with us because it is a family hotel as compared to others. I only speak for myself but we feel very comfotable staying here. The rooms are decent, look clean and we've never had a problem with them. It is unfortunate that they charge the $14.00 resort fee but that's at all hotels now and their rates are still affordable. I find it a decent place to stay when visiting Las Vegas! We will continue to come back.
5	We loved our stay @ South Point. The entire staff was helpful & friendly. Our room was beautiful and sparkling clean. We were there for a training class for my husband, so while he was in class, I explored the strip. On our last day there, my husband didn't get out of his class till 5. I asked for a late check out, which gave me till 2. So I still had 3 hours to kill, I asked the front desk if I could still use the pool even though I was check out, they said absolutely, take your time & enjoy. We will defiantly choose South Point next time we are in Vegas!
5	Had a 4 night stay memorial day weekend. I had a pool side view was amazing. Had a great time here. Atmosphere of the casino was amazing. Wasn't lonely but wasn't packed either. They have a bowling alley upstairs and a movie theater; went to both and they were fairly priced for vegas.would definitely stay here again.
5	The room is really great. I don't mind staying further down the strip for a great deal.
3	We stayed here over 2 nights specifically for a concert at the Casino's Showroom. The Casino is pretty big and has many slots to choose from. I don't play tables myself but they seemed to be pretty busy. The Pros of this Hotel is it's size, Family Friendly atmosphere, many things to do from Bowling, Arcade, to Movie Theater and outdoor Pool and Spa. The Staff were all very friendly and helpful.The Cons are-The elevators, one was broken down for almost the entire day and it was really busy. The Cocktail waitresses never came by while my husband and I were gambling, not once. And the Parking Garage is separate from the hotel and trying to get your car near the lobby is just not possible unless you are valet parking. It can be rather arduous in 106 degree heat.The concert at the Showroom was amazing, the seating is really intimate and comfortable. The drinks are very weak, I would ask for a double if you like a decent drink of strength.All in all I enjoyed the Hotel, it's definitely good for people who aren't interested in the strip but just relaxing and gambling with no worries. The beds were clean, the rooms were very clean and spacious too. And the views aren't bad either.
5	Stayed here a week ago, was comp'd a room for a night for just checking in during the NFR.  Wasn't my first stay, been here about 4 times and stayed while the NFR was going on. Always had a good time, things are usually happening in the event center, a lot are free, rooms are comfortable and the buffet is good. I shall return...
5	I expected this hotel to be great and it was! Check in was easy even though there was a line. The hotel corridors were bright and inviting and had the look of a luxury hotel. The room are much larger than most in town and the extra space makes a huge difference. The bed in the room was amazing also. I was very happy with the room.The pool area was large, relaxing and unique. Was finally nice to visit a pool area that was actually big enough to accommodate their guests.The buffet was awesome as well.The only not so good thing was that at the Grandview Lounge bar, the male bartender paid more attention to the cocktail waitresses then people sitting at his bar. He also spilled my drink in front of me almost ruining my new camera he didnt seem to care.
4	Had a great experience at this spa. Had a body scrub and a massage done by Joanne, both were great. Definitely will come back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	Nice clean rooms. Nice staff. Good food options. The casino is too smokey, and you have to walk through it to get to the elevators. Everything else is great.
4	We came here as a group of ten for a mini get a way vacation.  We weren't looking for anything lavish, but a place where there was enough to do for the kids (aside from Circus circus).  I think we found the place.     The hotel itself smells like a casino (cigarette smoke)...not very good ventilation.  The floors where the rooms are, on the other hand, smell completely better and smoke free.  Aside from that, we enjoyed many things about this place.  We took the kids to watch a movie in the theater located on site, took them bowling, which was also located on site, and even the arcade was decent (also on site).  We would have made more use of the pool, but it was super windy so they closed the pool down. Oh and FYI - the pool is salted!!!!    Overall it was a great inexpensive stay.  They give you two coupon books upon check in and mind you, you can use them all at the hotel!  Pretty good deals.
4	Checked in around 5pm on a Tuesday and the place was crazy busy! It was hard to tell what lane to pull into because the "thru lane," valet parking, and check in lanes were all blurred together & blocked so you couldn't exit. I was able to find parking in the self-parking after driving around for 10 minutes.  Check in went pretty quickly even though there was a line (about 5 receptionists checking people in).  The lady told us we could park in the front of the hotel and leave our car there while we unloaded.  Unless you go with a bell hop you have to lug ALL of your luggage through the casino.  We were given a fun book which contained coupons such as 50% off the buffet, a free cocktail, & a free souvenir at the gift shop.  The small print for some of the coupons was you had to get a rewards card in order to use the coupons.  When we showed up at the breakfast buffet  we had to wait in line for about 10 minutes and we didn't have the rewards card.  The lady working the cash register informed us we needed to get one and let us skip the line when we had to leave to go sign up.  In the evening in order to get to the elevators you had to show your room key to a security officer to pass.  The breakfast buffet was as expected, and I liked that I could see a kitchen manager going through checking & recording temperatures of food that had been sitting out.  Our room was non-smoking & had 2 queen beds, the sink was separate from the shower & toilet, and the room was comfortable.  For the price we really couldn't complain!  There is enough going on here that you don't ever have to leave the hotel for the strip :)
4	Check out the dirty at 12:30 on Friday nights.  Free comedy in the lounge.  There are always national acts and the beer is cheep.  Where else can you go in Vegas at night for free?
5	My family and I would always stay on the strip but after trying this place out a couple years ago we haven't stayed anywhere else. Its hard for me to give this place 5 stars because I know it's not a 5 Star resort and all.. but having a 2 yr old son and other teenage family members with us, this place just fits. A regular hotel room here is so spacious & clean. It includes a 2 doored bathroom w/Plenty of countertop space for all your bathroom amenities. The closet is huge & I love that they have a top shelf to put empty luggage, shoes, etc. Their curtains are black-out style, meaning that I've slept in til noon not knowing that its already daytime, its lovely but just don't forget to set an alarm!It even includes a vanity/desk AND a table to eat at. Huge room & great deals most of the time. Their pools here are great! And their jacuzzi is huge too. And did you know they even had bowling!? They have $5 movie tuesdays and a bunch of restaurants! I've tried them all and none have disappointed me so far. Zenshin is such a great sushi place! And lets not forget Steak N Shake.. they have the best burgers! Gambling here is great too. They have $5 min blackjack tables, lots of slots - Especially penny & nickel slots.I love love love this resort & I hope it never changes.
5	So far the best place for kids to come along with parents! There's plenty of things for kids to do from bowling, arcade, movie theater, ice cream parlor and pool. Our first time in Las Vegas, staying here for auntie's bday getaway. Complimentary bellhop; we gave ours some gratuity for being nice and helpful. What's fascinating is that there's different restaurants within the hotel that satisfies almost everyone's cravings: Italian food to Chinese to seafood to American. Prices are great too from the inexpensive ones being Coronado Cafe and Steak-n-Shake to more pricy such as Silverado and Michael's. Also there's the Garden Buffet that offers breakfast lunch and dinner for reasonable pieces. Our room was spacious, 2 queen beds with nice clean linen. We stayed on the 17th floor had a big window overlooking the suburbs (the only downside, didn't enjoy much the view, would've liked a room with pool or LV view). I really liked the bathroom, it was very spacious with double door that separate toilet and shower, ( compared to other bathroom hotels I've stayed at this is by far the best one) .The hotel is at the entrance of Las Vegas, just 20min away from The Strip where all the sightseeing is at. Really enjoyed staying here, lots to do here and good place for kids to stay at!
5	This is a great hotel check-in was really fast about two minutes.  elevators were super quick can believe how quick it was to the 20th floor the view is amazing.  The food is pretty good, they have 10 restaurants. Overall great experience.  Room on the 20th floor for less than for $86 w/ tax you can't beat that in Vegas.I would put a better cable system with the tv's but we don't come here to watch tv. The noise in the casino is too loud and smoke from cigarettes is nasty. Thx California for banning smoking in public places. The staff is great, excepts for the dear old ladies in the club card line. They should add more people there. (15) min where the check in and check out was less than (5) min.
4	I've never stayed here so I can't say anything about their hotel rooms, but as far as some of their regular casino features the South Point does a damn good job. They have a pretty spacious 24 hour sports book and their betting sheets are always very informative. Next to that book is the deli which always has some really great tasting sandwiches. The meat looks and tastes pretty high quality, but the desserts need sugar; the desserts look amazing, but they don't taste nearly as good as they look. The movie theater is clean and the buffet is decently priced. Where South Point gets it's 4th star from me though is the steak and egg late night/early morning special which is super cheap and super good.
3	Stayed here for EDC weekend. Staff was very accommodating, and nice. They don't provide refrigerators with the room but they can be added for 15$ a day. Not a deal breaker but I thought it was weird, since very hotel I stayed at in Vegas had a fridge. Housekeeping came back like 3 times to clean the room after the first time we said no, I guess she really wanted to clean the room.. lolThere was a comic convention called amazing going on. Really cute to see kids running around in superhero outfits. The only real gripe I had is they had an alarm drill going on for about 15-20 minutes. I needed my sleep before my drive home and they deprived me of it. At least give me earplugs! All in all I was satisfied. As long as there isn't another fire alarm going on, I'll be sure to come back!
1	This casino, as a handful in LV,relies on "Locals" for a good portion of business. That said I was completely shocked by the treatment that so many received on Monday 6/23. First of all the payout machines went down and all were directed to see the cashier. No problem-until you saw how many were in line and then noticed that no extra cashier help was assigned to shorten the wait for customers! After 15 minutes and clearing that hurdle I went to a couple of slots and cashed ticketed out -knowing I would have to "see the cashier" again. After a couple of minutes on a third I hit "Cash Out" and the machine locked up and said "Call Attendant"   I stood to look for one as the second half of the Mexico World Cup Game was just starting! OOPSIE!!!! Lo and behold----About 50 others were in the same predicament!!!!  After a couple of staff promises that they would be right back w/cash to pay ppl out----approximately 30 minutes of being held hostage had passed!!! When the attendant finally made it I asked" No Free Drink Tickets" for everyone that you inconvenienced?? Her words..."ARE YOU KIDDING? " IF WE DID THAT FOR YOU WE WOULD HAVE TO DO IT FOR 200 PEOPLE"!!!   What a terrible way to treat those who keep you in business!! Very Very BAD thing to have others hear about----They are not the ones who quit saying-We Love Locals----at least not in print ads and TV,but, I believe something changed!! DO NOT try to rely upon LOCALS in the next downturn if you continue to operate with this rude,unfair,and one-sided way of doing business!!!!!
2	We had our Family Reunion in one of their banquet halls on 6-21-14. The food was AMAZING!! However, they removed the food within 35 minutes of everyone dishing up. Our party went from 6-11 pm and the food was gone by 6:45!! We payed $65 per person and didn't even get seconds. They soon after cleared the dessert table before 8 pm! What did they expect us to do for 3 hours with no food, desserts and only water?! I have NEVER experienced such a "rushed feeling" at a party. We payed for a DJ until 11 pm, but sadly 95% of the party LEFT before 9 pm! Just be prepared if you rent one of their rooms, plan on being booted out early! What a BUST.FOOD: 5 starsBanquet Hall: ZERO starsPS- my two children said the waiters in the room looked mad, and they were probably having a very bad day... LOL
4	Great place to take the kids to while in Las Vegas.  There are quite a few things for the kids to do here which is all onsite so you won't have to travel outside the resort.  They have a movie theatre, bowling alley, arcade room, and a pool.  They also have an ice cream parlor which is always a great treat for the kids.  There are several restaurants to choose from. We tried Zenshin and the food was fantastic.  See my other review for the specifics.  The room itself was a really good size for the amount we paid.  The beds were a queen size and we got two in our rooms.  Plenty of room especially when sleeping with kids who like to move around while they sleep.  The only downside is that it is still a casino and so the main floor is still smoky.  All in all, I would definitely keep this casino and resort in mind next time we are in Vegas on a family trip.
1	This review is for the spa. This is the manicure I got yesterday. I Was told that the polish would last up to 3 weeks. $50 (plus tip) down the drain. Yes, my nails were very short at this particular time but the actual polish looks like shxt , cracked, chipping at the cuticles. I suggest finding a nail salon close by that won't rape you and will actually do a decent job, or get them done before you come. You will definitely leave the nail salon disappointed and feeling ripped off. :( Been staying here since the hotel first opened. First time I've ever been disappointed.....oh, besides when we ate at Don Vito's Tuesday night and the server felt it was okay to spoon a pile of crushed red pepper on my eggplant parm. Unedible. I guess they don't have pepper shakers. Oh well, lesson learned. Don't ask for crushed red pepper at Don Vito's and NO MANICURES.
5	rooms were nice and clean, casino, even though on the far end of the strip, is nice, prices were great, staff is friendly, food was good in the resturant, bar service was fairly fast... all and all , good spot
1	Checked in with a surprise that I was being charged an extra $12 a day Resort Fee.  I just wish they would make this part of the rate, and not a fee that you are not aware of until you show up and is too late to do anything about.That was just the beginning, we arrived late after a long drive and were very hungry.  So we chose to try the buffet.  No doubt, the WORST BUFFET I HAVE EVER EATEN AT.  The food taste was terrible.  Most every dish I tasted, I could not eat.  Went to try out the desert area, for I figured they can't ruin ice cream.  Well, when I went to get some, they had removed it.  When I mentioned it to them, they just said sorry.Will never stay there again.
1	I had the worst experience with a racist woman at the check in. My family and I were checking in for July 4 TODAY. My mother and I checked into the 3rd floor and even though it was 20 minutes before check in time our check in concierge told us our room number and said it would be ready by 3. My aunt was in another line checking in and we wanted rooms on the same floor ( which we've done before) She came up to her concierge, her name is CHARYL FREDNICI. she did not smile, she was very mean and rude. We felt her racist, because to every other customer who had gone before my aunt CHARYL was nice and smiling to them. But as soon as my aunt came up she looked surly and acted superior and mean. We asked if we could get a floor on the 3rd floor. She said there were none. So that was fine, we asked for the room number AFTER paying. She told us she couldn't tell us that information. Everything we asked her was a rude no. We were fed up with her and went to another clerk who actually told us there was a room available on the 3rd floor and told us the room number. CHARYL had the nerve to walk away from her customer she was with and came up to us and our new concierge and tried to defend herself. It was rude and not called for. Her whole attitude was horrible. We asked for a manager to complain. We come to stay at South Point almost everytime and have NEVER been treated so badly. She was a royal witch. We actually are the same race, Filipino. But she acted as if she looked down on us and was condescending. I honestly hope they reprimand her or fire her. She is horrible. I may not come back ever. Me and my entire family are very upset.
4	Fore Vegas, this room was cheap! The room was huge and so was the bathroom. The beds were very comfortable and we had an amazing view of the city. The pool and hot tub were nice although I  wish the pool had a deep end. There was plenty to do there. Good restaurants and even a movie theater! The TV kept freezing and going blank like it was having trouble transmitting or something. Otherwise the kids loved it.
4	Been there many times.  Restaurants are a little overpriced.  Clean, nice and kind staff.  Have been there three times.  Will go again.
2	Don't come here if you want to see the strip. The promised shuttle service is unreliable and the hotel doesn't care to take responsibility, blaming a subcontractor and admitting sometimes they don't show up. If you want to spend all your time in the casino, maybe it's a better choice. Rooms are clean.
1	By far the worst hotel I've been to with the most god awful staff and rude security. I will never bring my family here again. Beds are very uncomfortable, linens smell like smoke and the hallways smell terrible. There were some used shirts and wet towels in our bathroom so clearly this place wasn't cleaned well. The decor is very primitive also. If I could give this place a 0 star rating, I would. I left my room for an hour or so and when I came back, my key card didn't work. I can honestly say that everything that could possibly go wrong with this place, did.
5	A chill Casino with all the normal bells & whistles. Plenty of table games, a small high limits, 5 or so bars and at least as many eating options. Can not comment on the rooms because I haven't stayed in them. They have a large rodeo arena.
2	Hotel is clean. Food is poor. Except for the sushi bar which is very good. Avoid the cafe and the buffet. Of the three of us, two got sick. We went to the "the amazing meeting" which was amazing. Look it up. I just wish they would hold it at another hotel. South points pool is crammed full of children, all day. Not very relaxing.  On the the other hand this hotel is very reasonably priced. You get what you pay for i guess.
3	Hotel was okay. The bed was not comfortable and even though the temp in room said 68 there was no way it was really that cool. There are decent restaurants inside. My main issue was the bmx crowd that came in for a competition. I know the hotel can't control everything but they can control whether they choose to host this group again. I was grateful that I didn't not bring my children because there was so much fowl language at the pool it was crazy. The pool was so packed. I was in the spa area and the lifeguards were politely asking people with kids under 16 to leave. This one mother got into a heated conversation with the lifeguard with fowl language right in front of her children.  Again I know they can't control everything but my overall experience was only worth three stars due to all circumstances.
4	Not much of a gambler, but my family likes flying out of LAS McCarran. South Pont has nice, clean, affordable rooms, allows you to park long-term for free, and has an airport shuttle. Staying the night is cheaper, in many cases than paying to park.
5	I give the Southpoint hotel five stars, as the hidden gem off the strip.  Yet it is not too far away; if you have a car or take the shuttle.  Not to mention very close to the outlet mall (love shopping).It is super family friendly with the arcade, movie theatre, bowling alley and cheap eats (in addition to many nice restaurants). The steak house and Italian restaurant are both fabulous!We've stayed at the Southpoint many times and always have a great experience!
4	I had a great experience at the South Point spa!  The people there were so nice. Briane is a sweet and efficient attendant. I got an amazing medium pressure massage from Lori, who was so kind. The icing on the cake was the facial that I got from Frida de la Paz. The Skinceuticals oxygen facial is phenomenal. I kept petting my face for a week afterwards. If you're staying at South Point don't stray down to the strip for a spa experience. Save yourself the stress and get a better deal with the great team on site.Also, the rooms at the hotel are great. Incredibly spacious. We were there for a conference for a full week and every single person we encountered - front desk, bell hops, security staff, wait staff (ZenShin!) bartenders and waitresses were so courteous and friendly. The roundtrip shuttle to the strip is only $8. A bargain.
5	We stayed here 2x  . The only thing that I did not like was no refrigerator in rooms.  Rooms are very roomy.  Housekeeping very nice.  I love everything about southpoint.  now that we live in vegas for  a month now this is our hang out .  they have everything great place for kids they have and arcade, bowling alley and movie theaters.  they give you a fun book with awesome coupons.  Lots of parking in the garage.  They have lots of restaurants.  You dont need to go to the strip to have fun they have it all!
3	The Southpoint is fine. The casino is large and uncommonly noisy, but this review is for the hotel portion.Rooms could be in any generic chain, but are larger than most, especially  the bathrooms, and the place is still fairly new, so no scary mold or peeling wallpaper to make you uneasy. Roomy and bright with the usual generic ugly hotel furniture (why? are the afraid we are going to try and stuff the dresser into our suitcase)? The beds were on the hard side, but the pillows were huge- more like body pillows (yay!), and housekeeping was outstanding, keeping all the linens and amenities refilled.On the bad side, no fridge or microwave, which surprised me since pretty much everywhere provides them these days, and judging from the throngs of screaming children pounding through the hallways, they're trying to appeal to the family market.Pool looked nice, but in deference to the sensibilities of others, I kept my fat ass indoors.
2	I just checked in a a couple of hours and i want to check out. Im used to customer service and from the bell stand, front desk and housekeeping its the worse...smh...
4	Our hotel room was a bit small, especially the tub!  It wasn't even big enough for me to "soak" in a relaxing bubble bath.  I was a bit sad.  This hotel is also off the strip, but the drive wasn't too bad considering it was the 4th of July weekend.  The freeway was pretty smooth and fluid as far as traffic went.When we first checked in, they gave us a coupon book for activities at their hotel.  They have a movie theater, bowling alley and several restaurants including their own Garden Buffet.  We didn't try the buffet, however, due to our packed schedule of activities for the weekend.  I definitely wouldn't mind staying here again for the price.
2	This hotel is fairly far from the strip and collected a rather strange crowd during the evening gambling.  We checked in and were given a coupon book that really did not have any useful coupons and a bonus kick in the head was the $12/day 'RESORT' fee...a fee well worth the absolutely nothing we received for it (ha).  The room did not have a refrigerator but was at least a nice size and clean.  Additionally, the pool was huge and a nice place to cool off.
2	My wife and I stayed there on July 20 2014, We were traveling with a group of 7 Including 2 small kids .  We arrived at South point to a large line to check in, Rooms were nice casino was clean.  We took the kids to the bowling alley around 7pm while bowling on the lane next to us was couple who had way to much alcohol and were acting out there sexual fantasies in plane view of the kids. We informed the bowling center staff and waited well no one ever showed up we took the kids and left.  I feel that they need more security and serve less alcohol to people who were very drunk. I am not sure if we will return to South Point.
1	I know this is not a five star but hey...Housekeeping is rude, the restaurant workers are rude, the bellman and even the old lady who sales hot dogs is rude. I guess vegas doesnt care about customer service. Then last night about 11:00pm i came to the room and my room was not clean, dirty towels and trash in the trash cans. My carpet in the room was WET!!! WTF how is the carpet wet. We had some dirty clothes on the floor and they were soaked. We had to leave out and drive 10 miles to go wash. We can not figure why are carpet is soaked..Housekeeping kept saying that we had a dnd (do not disturb) sign on the door. We took that off at 1:00pm and right when we took it off we called housekeeping and asked for service... So about 11pm this lady came and made our beds and gave more towels. She was nice but the towels look horrible and dirty...housekeeping  didn't empty the water in the ice bucket this morning, didnt put the iron and the board up. The beds are made horrible. I make my bed better this. I called the front desk on day one and said hi can i have an extra chair please? She said No! That was it vs. I do apologize but unfortunately we will not be able to meet your needs or something like that.. i went downstairs for breakfast it was not bad but not good either. I had steak and eggs and i didnt eat it because it was hella tough..The sausage that my daughter ate was not season. I am sooooo over South Point. We have to come to vegas often but we will NEVER come back here again for ANYTHING! At first i was thinking that its not a bad hotel but never again will i come back. I will tell my family and friends as well... I have one more night and i can not wait until we leave this hell hole..
1	We booked a non smoking room email earlier in the day thru vegas.com... When arrived we were given a smoked filled room that smelled like crap. The technology exist today that this should never happen.  South Point doesn't care and neither does Vegas.com... All they want is your money.  This is my last stay at this hotel and we will never use vegas.com again.
1	This review is for hotel only.We've stayed here a half-dozen times in the past, but never again.The good:  Large rooms, large bathrooms, good a/c, good water pressure.the bad:  Some little things that in the past we overlooked:noisy rooms - the door closing mechanism slams the doors -so you hear it all night long.terrible in-room coffeemattress not much softer than granite...marble maybe?the restaurants at the casino offer poor quality food and poor serviceWhy we won;t come back?  First, when you check in now you have to scroll thru screen after screen of legal releases, waivers, and addendums.  Uh oh.  Next, they started the $14 a night resort fee.  This is for the pool, wi-fi, and a "fun book" (examples include a discount on a cup of coffee at the casino).  Unfortunately, if you need wi-fi to work, don't stay here.  In the past, the wi-fi reception in the rooms was marginal.  Now, with the resort fee we expected them to be improved.  Nope.We got to our room, and the wi-fi was 1 bar.  I ran a speed test 5 times.  3 times it timed out and twice it gave dial-up speeds.  Then it pooped out - never to come back during our stay.  We called Southpoint tech support and spoke with "Krysta" (sp?).  She was a dedicated employee who did not seem to know much about tech, and could care less about my call.  I asked her to have a manager call us.  Never happened.To us, Southpoint has jumped the shark.  The cheap rates were enough to put up with the negatives, but now with the higher rates and worse service/amenities we will now go elsewhere.
4	Awesome hotel. The weight room, spa and pool are really nice. The restaurants are family friendly and good (Zenshin good rolls for happy hour). They have a huge bowling alley and movie theaters. This is an awesome hotel off the strip. The rooms are bland but huge. I will  be coming back! If you like the "cowboy country" feel they have huge indoor arenas! I can imagine the equine events and shows are awesome here!
3	we came here for the BMX national competition (my son was competing)...so we spent 3 days straight hanging out at the event and around the casino.  Unfortunately we didn't stay here (by the time we decided to attend, the only rooms available had only one bed)...fortunately i had enough marriott points that our 3 nights at the residence (breakfast included) were all free. in the future...i would stay here.now let me be clear...i am not a gambler or a fan of buffet's...i know ..i know...i don't belong in Vegas! haha...positives about the resortthere was quite a few amenities in the casino...movie theater, bowling alley, spa, restaurants (quite a good variety), the arena where we bmx'd, ample parking, pool area (which we were unable to see since we weren't hotel guests).bad..FAR from Vegasthey took my $1 i put in the penny slots...ok...i gambled it away...but it only lasted me like 3 minutes!only 1 crappy gift shop.. i needed a sweatshirt sooo bad! it was freezing in the arena...and i couldn't find one!really nothing else to say....i didn't interact with any staff (other than at the steak and shake restaurant)...but it's not impressive at all like most Vegas casinos...very bland (other than the bowling alley and movie theater
4	Casino is big, clean and has a lot going on. But after two hours of being ignored by waitresses, I take a star away. I just wanted a coke! Too bad no one got my tip. I left because I was so thirsty. 7-11 down the road got my money for my drink. I like the choice of games offered, but I don't get to play long. Not enough bonuses on slots.
1	This review is for the Cafe only. We love this casino and feel their restaurants  are great, so we were amazed when we ate at the Cafe. They had only 6 tables full and we waited quit a while to order. It took 35 mins. to get our food and my tri tip sandwich was so dry I could not chew it. I sent it back, waitress said,"Is it to dry." before I said so. I ordered a bowl of chili with had to be from a can as it tasted like a bowl of warm gravy.  All the other restaurants in the casino are above average so eat anywhere but the cafe.
2	Don't be fooled by the photos of the rooms. The service here is horrible. I arrived with a party of four two kids and two adults. Requested a roll away bed for my son who does not like to sleep with his sister. The front desk denied me and so did her manager. They instead stated I needed to get another room. Very rude. Definitely choosing another hotel on my next stay here in Vegas.
4	I have to say I was quite pleased, after getting concerned reading some reviews and warnings. Our room was spacious,quiet and clean! (3 top priority for a hotel room)The Wi-Fi worked great on our 3 devices (fast, full bars)We used the coupons included to enjoy 50% off our Breakfast Buffet (That's a $10 savings )Perhaps Anna in Guest Services helped make some positive change.
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #5:I assume there is a mix of locals & bargain-hunting tourists here; it's not a real pretty/affluent crowd, but it's not terrible either; there's a surprising amount of decent dining options; and then there's the semi-secret super-high-end Michael's if you're up for a major splurge on dinner; pretty impressive convention/ballroom area; also a pretty big cinema, and a large bowling alley on the 2nd level; suprised to find the pool still open and crowded on a Friday night, though it's mostly families/rugrats; best craft beer bet = slim pickings; every bar has the same draft beers (which includes Goose Island & Gordon Biersch); I say go to the hotel store, buy a 6-pack of a decent beer like Moose Drool for less than $8 (same price as you would get at Total Wine) and find a way to keep it cold!
1	I am a local and I actually remember when Southpoint (Southcoast was its original name) was built. Everyone was excited and would go all the time. I finally went and I can personally say its the worst hotel casino I've stepped foot in. Overbearing smell of cigarettes, creepy vibe throughout casino and bowling/movie theater, dirty floors, awful outdated cafe restaraunt/buffet, and just generally elder population. I dread going here and hate when my friend suggest to see a movie at their theater. The rooms are disappointing and musty. Also there's an Oyster bar setup near the front and it REEKS.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here for four nights while visiting for a bowling tournament. Boy did I have a great time!! The food was amazing at both Silverado and Primarily Prime Rib. The spa treatment was amazing! I was extremely happy with the pool and the lifeguards making sure kids under 16 weren't in the jacuzzi. We are looking forward to next year for another visit. I couldn't give it a five because the bed was a bit too hard for me. Not awful, but just a bit too hard. But loved my stay! Thank you SP.
3	Very pleased with service here. Bowling alley is amazing! Movie theatre could be a bit cleaner. Gaming halls are always nice and clean. Arcade seemed a bit dull. I think they should hire a couple more guys for there cleaning crew, just to get the cleanliness back up to par!
2	They charge $14 for wifi that's super slow, totally useless! They say it's also for the use of the airport shuttle and fitness center, but I didn't even use those at all. Totally bs! Other than that their redeeming qualities are the pool which is not very crowded, nice rooms, and the buffet is good for the price.
1	Bad experience.  Went to check in and was told my reservation was canceled.  Then found out later it wasn't and they charged me for an additional room and the "manager" I spoke to (a woman) was rude and unhelpful.  Kept telling me "I wasn't there, I don't know what to say".  Well, say that you'll find out why I was told my reservation was canceled? Rooms were big, but looked old and plain.  Good enough if you're not in the room very much.  $14 resort fee seemed high for getting about nothing. Overall negative experience.
3	Everything was fine, good hotel rooms, good service......except for the WIFI we have paid for. Customers are required to pay a resort fee for many cool perks, one being WIFI. The WiFi is extremely slow. We had three devices trying to get the WiFi to work. None of those could even load a single page.
1	Not worth the time.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with our stay at south point. First off the cleanliness of our room. We were on the 23rd floor with a great view. The beds were comfortable (i like firm mattresses). The room was standard non smoking but it had great size, a big bathroom and no smell of smoke. Tried a couple of the restaurants in the casino, garden buffet which was good and steak and shake which was awesome. Steak and shake offers a double cheese burger combo for 3.99 everyday. The hotel is still fairly new built in 2008 so it looks really nice inside and out. Parking was a breeze. The pool was great. They have a huge bowling alley with 64 lanes and an awesome movie theater with 16 screens. Service was friendly. My only complaint was the slots....quite stingy but hey i will be back.
5	What can I say? I love this hotel. In the last 5 years that I've been going to Vegas, my family and I have stayed at this hotel and each time is better than the last. :) The last time I stayed, in June of 2013 (I know this review is late, but better late than never!), was the most exciting yet because I could finally gamble.Firstly, the rooms are SO spacious and always clean. I don't even get grossed out using the bathroom. Which is rare, haha. I can tell that South Point takes pride in their hotel by how spotless their rooms are. It's a little far from the strip, but the size of the rooms and the amount of things to do in the hotel are worth it for us to stay here and drive!There are lots of tables and a good selection of slot machines. I played my first slot machine here, yay! The dealers are nice, and the cocktail waitresses are very attentive. Quite a few places to get a bite to eat, so you definitely have choices. We love Steak N Shake. We definitely ate there multiple times. So glad that it's here! Buffet is decent for what you pay (especially with the coupon book you get upon check in!) so that is always a good spot for lunch or dinner. Haven't tried the Mexican restaurant yet, but we will have to try next time! Overall, the staff here is very welcoming and pay attention, which is important. And you've got a huge amount of things to, from gambling, to dining, to bowling. Thank you South Point for being my gold standard in hotels and casinos. My husband and I are going to be booking a room here in the next couple of weeks for our 1 year wedding anniversary trip in November!
1	I just check my room and find out bed bugs on my bed I never coming back again here The room looks clean but u never know how much time the spend to clean the room  first time here and my last time Going to call the management
4	We've stayed here quite a few times and always been pleased. Our favorite is Don Vito's. Our first time staying here was for a work class for my husband and his coworker, his coworker stayed at Luxor and was jealous when visiting us at south point. The bingo is awesome and there aren't a lot of bingo games left in Vegas and South Point does it right. The pool is beautiful and relaxing but does get very crowded at times. The rooms are large, clean and a great value. Room service is very reasonably priced and arrives quickly. Gaming is cheap, pays out well and most dealers are very friendly and fun to play with. I'm not much of a slot player so I can't say how the slots pay. One of the best things about playing table games here is that they're rarely crowded, theres always a seat available at most games. The food is a 4 out of 5. We've eaten everywhere except Michael's and the new sushi place. The buffet has very high food turn over and they are constantly checking food temps which is important to me. The buffet has a very wide variety of foods. The price is reasonable and the food is a 4/5 Don Vito's is a 4/5. It's a little pricy but worth every red cent! We took my husbands co worker here and he is very very picky and hard to please but he loved it. The service is excellent! Staff is friendly, attentive, helpful and quick. The food has quite a variety of Italian offerings, we recommend chicken Marsala highly. The decor is nice and you know your in a nice resturant and not a cheap cafe. I recommend making a reservation as it can get very busy. The cafe has great late night food. I stumbled in here with my husband after a few too many drinks knowing I needed to eat and the staff was friendly. They made sure to seat us and bring water right away. They obviously knew I had one too many also. Our server made some great "late night" suggestions that were great. The food was quick, hot and exactly how we ordered it. Steak and Shake. This was my first time ever hearing of this place and was pleased. The line was a bit long but moved really fast, a lot of people were going take out so don't be put off by the line. We waited a little longer for a booth but the wait was short. All of the staff seemed to have good attitudes and smiles on their faces. I always like to see what a server recommends and even though our server was new she did have a suggestion which tells me they train well there. The food was better than I expected, the music wasn't overly loud and even though it's located right on the casino floor it wasn't loud, smokey or bothersome. My expectations were exceeded here. This is the first and only sports book I've ever bet in or hung out at. My husbands coworker placed a few bets there and I was considering horses when the agent came over and asked to help me. He explained what the different bets where, how/where to read the odds and he was very patient with me and helped me and another woman who came in with questions. I placed my first bet and while I didn't win the experience was wonderful. The bowling alley could use a little love but was clean and fun to play in. The games were very reasonable and the attendant reminded us that our movie was going to start in a few minutes, which saved us from being late.Overall this place is very fun and there's no reason to leave the resort. We've always found the staff to be fun and friendly, the bar tenders were very accommodating when I was pregnant with mixing up wonderful virgin drinks and suggesting things I've never tried but were yummy. The other customers are usually very nice also and it seems that they keep a good handle on people who have been a little "over served" and are disruptive. They have great promotions and I highly suggest your first stop is for a club card, points add up quickly and having the club card gets you e mail promotions and special deals. The wifi is slow and I actually had to host off my phone to get work done at times. The vallet guys were very helpful when my husband lost my vallet ticket, it took less than 10 minutes to locate my Tahoe. No small feat when you drive a red Tahoe with california plates...like finding a needle in a haystack lol. overall this is one of my favorite places to stay in Vegas.
3	We stayed in south point for long weekend. We chose south point due to low charges. Hotel is excellent and have all the standard facilities and clean too. On other side the crowd at hotel was not so great. And casino also seemed little down compare to the ones on strip. If you are going to Vegas to enjoy and have fun I won't recommend this hotel as my personal opinion. Get the ones on strip. South point is in the outskirts of Vegas and strip is 15 mins away but would cost 40$ to and fro so if you looking to save money on hotel you may not. They do provide airport shuttle service every hr but I guess almost all hotels do so not plus. About food options I would say not great and little expensive too in hotel.
2	We went here for Labor Day weekend and the hotel amenities were really nice. The only problem was the thin walls (couple next door must have been on their honeymoon-awesome) and I couldn't breathe while walking through the casino, the cigarette smoke was so thick it burned my eyes and cut off my oxygen. Next time I'll make sure to stay at a nongaming casino. They have a delightful shoe shine man downstairs which has become a rarity in the States now.
4	It was better than I expected. Parking was convenient, and the room was huge and clean. At check-in, the front desk person ignored me for as long as possible before finally getting on the ball. Other than that, the staff was first rate. Really enjoyed the Dennis Bono Show, too. As for dining, the only place I got to was the Coronado Cafe (food and service were excellent). I don't care for the $14 resort fee, especially when I don't use any of the services. Overall, I think I'll give the South Point another shot.
1	Here is update after I called  room service the told me at first that it's not a bed bug she told me the just got a New mattress . lol that's funny bed bugs don't hide inside of the mattress but the hide around the corner of the bed and under the mattress . Glad I'm not coming back here
2	There is hit or miss service at the bars. You need to watch out for the elder regulars that frequent the place. If there is a "high roller" at the bar then you will not get the service or respect you deserve despite how much you are spending.
4	I stayed here for Labor day weekend, and it was better than what I expected. My only complaint was that our room was literally facing a wall, so there was no view whatsoever. Besides that, the rooms are very nice, quiet, clean and spacious. It was a great way to escape from the crowd, while still being only about 10 minutes from the Las Vegas strip. However, this is more of a family hotel. If you are with your family, or if you are looking for an older crowd, then this hotel is perfect. The older crowd/senior citizens did not bother me. It was very quiet and relaxing. Great for kids.
5	This place has it all. Other than just a casino, it has a bowling alley, movie theater, several restaurants and buffet. Not to mention a beautiful pool, great fitness center and a spa. We've stayed here before, we liked it so much we decided to stay again. It's great for kids and away from the craziness of the strip of Vegas. You don't need to go anywhere else.P.S.  Their Suites are sweet!!
5	Definitely one of my favorite hotels in vegas! They have good customer service and lots of black jack tables and my favorite.... ONE DOLLAR TABLE ROULETTE! Woo Hoo! I like the one dollar roulette because i can take my family and friends here when they come to visit and they can play on the tables without breaking their pocket. There are a lot of other things to do here too like movies and dining. The Stake and Shake is the best! They have hamburger meals for literally $4.00. There were 5 of us at our table and the bill was only $23.00.The hotel is really nice and not junky looking like some of the other hotel and casinos on the strip. If i can choose anywhere to gamble, dine and have a good time it would definitely be here!
4	Came here last weekend to try the $4.95 NY Steak and Eggs. So as far as wait time, wasn't too bad, perhaps 20 minutes; since we were in a group it didn't feel like a drag. Once we got seated the waiter came by to take our order for drinks, since it was a bit busy and packed it did take a while to get our food orders taken, but you have to think about it... $4.95 dinner at midnight, it will be busy, there will be a lot of hungry people trying to get their "midnight snack". So as far as in service I'd say: typical restaurant, service was about 3/5 but honestly who will have a great attitude having to work til late feeding a bunch of tired/ drunk adults LOL. Other than that food was 7/10, for the price it was 9/10... I'd definitely come back again anytime I am in Vegas, definitely worth my $5.00... Thank you South Point for always catering to my hungry, exhausted, drunk self. :)
5	This has got to be my favorite hotel here in Las Vegas. The atmosphere is awesome and you can tell that the visitors here really prefer this place over any hotels. Playing here is very fun and the odds here are somewhat better than the other hotels. If you love blackjack, play here. Also sports betting is fun here too. There is also the Coronado cafe that offers delicious food for a cheap fair price during graveyard shifts. I love the bowling alley here and the $5 movies every Tuesday. South Point is the best for locals and for local Californians. I can't say anything else but good positive comments for this hotel. The rooms are also very clean and very low prices compared to others. The design may not be modern and new like M hotel, but if your here for the other reasons, you will love it. I've been coming back all the time. South Point, you rock. Thanks for reading this long review and good luck to you.
5	We have enjoyed staying at South Point since 2006!  Over the years, we've stayed with our entire HS basketball team while in town for tournaments and chose SP because of the added bonus of a movie theater and bowling alley.  After graduation, we continue to stay because we really enjoy  the spacious rooms and great restaurants.  I highly recommend the Coronado Cafe for some wonderful Chinese food!  The Mongolian beef is awesome and the warm, garlic edamame is sooooo delicious!   There is no doubt in my mind why they are always voted year after year BEST SLOTS in Vegas!   We were in town for our anniversay in June when I hit $1600.00 on a slot machine.  We decided to visit again over Labor Day weekend and ended up hitting $3200.00 TWICE over 2 days!   In summary, SP is a really nice place to stay.  Friendly staff, nice clean rooms, and a good choice of dining options.  Book it!  You won't be disappointed :)
2	We were in South Pointe a little bit ago and when we walked in we immediately felt a weird vibe. Instant paranoia and had a "look over your shoulder" type feeling. We went there for a little gambling and a dinner special they were having and due to their limited availability we did not get the special. We decided to just gamble a bit. After finally looking for someone we ordered a coffee at the bar.  It was 11pm at night and we were told the kitchen was closed. They actually told us its too late for coffee. We gambled a little more and this place just gave us the creeps. Here is the thing... We came up with friends recently (a few weeks after our  original encounter). We never said anything about our experience and our friends asked if we could go to another casino because they didn't like the "feel" of the casino. It was then we told our story and took off.
5	Here once again! Ready to hit up the lanes with the league : ) bout the 5th time coming here for the weekend with our league we all enjoy ourselves every time! I like our private room we use, to announce winners, no one complains were to loud as we cheer each other on, Pretty exciting it's always a blast with fun family & friends..
5	I just got back a few days ago from 6 night stay at the South Point.   9/6-9/11.   I really enjoyed myself.   Once I got there I never had to leave.   First off, while the rooms are not fancy, they are nice and roomy.  I never felt cramped.   The bed was so comfortable I never had a hard time falling asleep.  I spent and average of $64 a night and a comparable room on the strip would probably been about $120 a night easily.There are plenty of choices of restaurants   I tried out the Del Mar Deli, Steak and Shake, the Buffet (2x), the Coronado Cafe (7x) and Baja Miguel's.  I had god meals every time.   And there were 6 other restaurants I didn't try so you can see you won't be short of options here.  In addition, there's a swimming pool, bowling alley, and a movie theater here too.So if you're not a gambler, you will have other things to do.  While the Hotel is about a 10 min drive from the Strip, they do have shuttles to and from the strip as well as a Shuttle to and from the Airport.As for the gambling side of the vacation.  Plenty of slots, plenty of low minimum tables for black jack, roulette, and pai gow poker.  This is one of the few places that still has real black....3/2 blackjack as opposed to the rip off 6/5 blackjack they have on the strip.   This is a casino that caters to the locals so they won't have a lot of high minimums tables.  They also have a sport book and poker room.   So they have most everything covered.  I look forward to my next trip to Las Vegas and I will most likely spend my time at theSouth Point.
4	Motown tonight!  What a great group of performers!  We got there about 40 mins into the show and still got to see about 5 different performers, that all were pretty amazing!  The showroom gets PACKED, so get there early if you want a seat.  Otherwise, stand or dance on the dance floor, near the bar, or anywhere you can find some space. :-)
1	Don't ask for extra pillows and blankets!!!! According to the supervisor there's a limit on how many pillows and blankets they could let you use. the supervisor told me that I would have to ask the front desk about their policies before checking in after I told her that I have never heard of such policy at a hotel. The worse part was that they didn't have any manager on duty, what a surprise! When you pay $200 a night is it too much to ask for a little extra comfort? Could they not afford extra pillows and blankets??
4	Kind of pricey but the room was huge.  The bathroom could of been a 2nd room. But with all this space they could of spared us a couple more pillows.  quite a ways from the downtown vegas strip. Probably would stay again if the price comes down.
4	Stayed there on business for my first time in Las Vegas. Room was nice. bowling, movie theater in addition to pool and spa. Buffet was INCREDIBLE!
4	Great place to stay, they've got everything you need, you never have to leave _ great restaurants, 64 lanes of bowling, bingo, movie theaters, casino, barber shop, spa, casino, and beautiful outdoor pool.  We love it there and the price is very reasonable.
3	Its a good place to go but there are casinos in vegas that are a lot cooler. Dont get me wrong, i am thankful for the south point
5	My absolute FAVORITE hotel to stay at. I personally hate the strip. Everything I need is at Southpoint! Dunkin Donuts down the street, Steak and Shake downstairs, the Coronado Cafe's AMAZINGLY CHEAP late night menu, and the decent casino floor. I've stayed in the junior 2 bedroom suite and the standard 2 bedroom suite. $392 a night was WELL WORTH IT. Living room was nice, fridge was stocked and FREE, and each room had 2 tvs. Didn't really need a tv in the bathroom but when you're drunk or hungover and just want some background noise while you're saying hello to the toilet, it's there. All suites are apparently smoking rooms but we couldn't tell. Still, great for my buddy since he didn't have to go all the way downstairs just to smoke. I love this hotel and I can't wait to try their luxury 2 bedroom suite. It looked pretty amazing.
4	I LOVE south point!! Only thing is it's a bit of a Drive for me but when I make my way down there it's always a ton of fun! If you ever come on a Sunday wanting to watch the football games be sure to get there early as it gets filled up quick! I have never stayed in any of the actual hotel rooms but I will say that the bowling alley is nice when it comes to the $5 bowling nights and the movie theater is decent! If you're looking for a decent hotel to stay a that's OFF the strip make sure South Point is on your list as you wouldn't be disappointed at all! Employees are all very pleasant as well!
1	My room was disgusting. There was trash still left from the last people that stayed in it. Dirty cups and broken glass. I could tell the beds had been laid in. I call the front desk and it took over 20mins to get me a key to a new room. I will never stay here again. They comped me the resort few. $14. Wow. Impressive.
3	I've stayed at South Point before, primarily for softball tournaments. I never checked out the gym until this visit. They have a great gym and the pool area is good. The spa area was much bigger than I expected. They have musical performances and a horse  event was taking place this past weekend. The garden buffet improved quite a bit. It was great seeing a movie in their theater and the bowling alley was busy this morning after midnight.
3	We attended a horse show that was here at this facility. You find yourself never leaving the place, because it's a hassle to get to the "Strip" let alone anywhere else in town. We decided since we were ostensibly stuck in this cowboy version of a higher end Holiday Inn, we dove in and tried everything they had to offer. We upgraded from a regular room to a Suite to begin with....Hmmmm. Very strange configuration. You walk through two locked doors and you are presented with one of the most poorly decorated living rooms I've seen in a while, but bonus, at the end of the room, a little office that overlooked the pool. Off to the bedroom. Certainly large enough for two, but the austerity was just strange. The bathroom was equally as awkward. There a sliding door on the toilet portion and don't push too hard, or it sounds as if a bomb went off. The shower door, circa 1950. A large tub, but no jets. It was just disappointing. The lighting was poor too. Oh well, what about the food. Well, that's pretty interesting too. We ate at all their restaurants and candidly, nothing to brag about except the cafe where an egg breakfast was $4.95. Can't really beat that. So we stayed here for one week, ate at their best restaurants every night, had wine and walked out with a $2,100.00 bill. That's really fine for Las Vegas. So if you want to stay in an okay place and not spend a fortune, South Point is tolerable.People who work here were really incredible. And I must say that the odds are no better here than anywhere else, though they seem to think their slots are looser. Whatever.
4	It's a pretty decent place, better than most of the "family" type hotels along the strip.  Our room was clean and well maintained, as was the rest of the property.  The bars and restaurants were good, reasonably prices, and easy to get into except for the burger joint.  Crazy lines there.Our checkin was reasonably fast at about ten minutes.The sushi restaurant in the casino was exceptional, and the Italian place was also very good.
3	Nice room - large with plenty of room to spread out. Bathroom was clean and large as well. Smoke free room was indeed smoke free. This hotel is a good value with plenty of things to do and many discounts with your included coupon book. I enjoyed Silverado Steak but didn't like the Coronado Cafe. Fair distance from the strip so either use the South Point shuttle or plan on lots of cab fares.
4	Love this spot!!!! Football is the best here!!! Then you can walk over and have some seafood real quick or some bomb ass prime rib!!! They have it all
4	I want to absolutely love South Point, since it's adjacent to the Grandview so I frequent it a lot during my week stay.  I've also stayed in their rooms for additional nights outside of my timeshare.  So I stayed there again this past Saturday night, the second time since shortly after they first opened.  1.  It's clean.2.  The room is large, 2 queen beds, plenty of space.3.  It's relatively cheap - I paid $86ish (Saturday night) on an online offer.4.  The non-smoking room I had on the 8th floor reminded my of Jean Nate.  I'm not even sure they make that anymore, but I remember buying my mother some of it for Mother's Day about 30 years ago.  It even came in a yellow package, and the entire casino and hotel is in a yellow color.  So my wife didn't like the perfumy smell.  I didn't mind it, but it was thick - almost as if they were trying to hide something (cigarette smoke?)  5.  It's a bit of a pain in the ass to go from the parking garage to your hotel rooms as you have no choice but to walk through the ground floor of the casino.6.  The bowling alley here is awesome.  A little pricey at about $3 a game and $3.50 for shoes.  But it is professional level (not that I would know, but it seems it would be).7.  My wife went to see a movie.  Go on a Tuesday ($5).  Every other night is $11.  So a really nice cinema complex.8.  I used to play blackjack here, but the $5 tables were full of younger, drunker types, and my younger, drunker days are more than a decade ago.9.  I watched football in the Silverado Lounge to kill some time before my flight.  Nice arrangement of TVs, no pressure to buy either since you have to go to the bar for service.  $4 beers.10.  I ate at the Garden Buffet several years ago.  It was meh then.  Yelp reviews say it is still meh, and I wasn't in a mood to prove yelpers wrong.11.  Resort fee is $14.  This sucks, but all the resorts have them now, and on the strip they are around $25.  Did I mention this sucks?12.  I'm still a fan, and will utilize their facilities on my next vacation, but I did end up spending equal time at the M Resort on this visit.  (Good buffet, an older, laid back Blackjack crowd).
3	The poker room is mostly locals, and the game can get active but it's defiantly a grinders game. They have a promotion running until the end of November where you get into 100k tourney with 75 cash table hours. The dealers are friendly and the waitresses are as well. The temperature is comfortable, some of the poker rooms are too cold and not comfortable. The chairs are comfortable and I always like when I am not playing and watching my husband play they always offer to get me a chair. You get 1 dollar for every hour you play so that is almost the standard in Vegas.
3	I went here on a friend's recommendation.  It's off the strip but easily accessible. The place is very clean, has a good selection of restaurants,  and a fairly standard casino.  The prices were good and for the most part the service was great. There were 3 complaints I had for this visit.  We had 1 particular dealer on the pai gao tables that should not be in any customer interaction line of work. She was incredibly rude and literally yelled and scolded people on the most minor of issues. She never once smiled and only looked directly at you if she was scolding you. The beds are like a rock with an inch padding on them. The TV,  while having an external hdmi port,  did not allow any connection to be viewed.  Also while there was a channel guide,  there was no tv guideWould I stay here again, unlikely.  I might stop by and gamble or some other activities,  but I might as well have been sleeping on the floor for the rest I got.
5	By far this is my favorite off strip casino. The buffet is tasty and the movie theater is awesome! They have the new coke fountain machine in there theater. The showroom is good size and very nice as well.
4	Okay.....I've only been here about ten times, and stayed here just once but it's definitely growing on me. I primarily utilize the sportsbook and they are more than gracious with their drinks comps for your plays. When I do play, I play video blackjack and a bit of slots and roulette and I have been nothing but impressed with the comps.I have only stayed in their room one time and was greatful that it was comped due to my gameplay.This seems to be a popular spot, it's clean, always busy but not packed and has something for everybody....big sportsbook, lots of food options, movie theater etc. I would definitely recommend South Point.
3	We were disappointed that the Italian restaurant refused to allow us to order to go - it had been a very long day, we wanted to order spaghetti and meatballs and take it to our room. You can only dine-in at that restaurant apparently. They were somewhat snotty about it too so we walked out. Drove ten miles to Metro Pizza, ordered fabulous spaghetti and meatballs, and brought it back to the hotel and ate it in our room. Other than that, I'd stay there anytime! Beautiful, spacious and clean rooms. Very quiet and a lovely spa. Great restaurants, a bowling alley, and movie theaters. Plus, all the gambling one could want. Make this your hotel choice next time you are in vegas!
4	Family friendly- good sized rooms, pool open until 10, but don't count on a roll- away bed - they have a self imposed limit of 2 beds to a room. Pillows are big and hard, but softer pillows are available if you ask for them.
4	I give the south point four stars because it has something for everyone, like bowling a movie theater cool bingo hall and other fun little activities , this will be my 3rd time visiting , during my first stay I had excellent service a friend of mine really likes this place he's a local person who lives here and he says it's his favorite I agree no complaints here and it's cool for the kids also
2	I travel quite a bit and stayed here a few years ago before. I can the hotel experience at SouthPoint has really gone downhill. I use to recommend it to people all the time, now I think my opinion has changed about that.
5	Everything about South Point is great.The bowling alley, the cinema, the bars, the sports book, the spa is even very nice too. Good rates compared to what is on the strip.I have stayed here a few times. Rooms are very nice. Always clean.They host a lot of country themed events around NFR and PBR so it's nice to put my boots and hat on and not feel out of place in Vegas.
1	I booked a room for my son's birthday.  I called about a week before the reservation and was quoted a specific balance.  When we went to check my son in, they asked for a higher  balance, and wanted to charge my card an additional balance, which of course they hadn't informed me of.  I asked the clerk to speak to her supervisor, she refused.  She was totally rude.  I would NOT recommend this place at all.
5	I really like this casino.  I enjoy visiting it when we stay at the timeshare next door.Here are some of the reasons I like this casino:*  Has a bowling alley*  Has a cinema - $5 Tuesday's are cool.*  Has a huge bingo hall with electronic playing for lazy people like me*  Has all the typical gaming options*  Has a nice arena for various events*  Nice food optionsIf your in Vegas you should check thus casino out.One thing that would make this a 5+ rating is to have free WIFI throughout the casino.
4	Four stars only becauSe they should update the interior and get the servers better less rennesance type outfits. That being said- my absolute favorite place to gamble and go to bet games. The staff is fun and friendly and the guys at the craps table are always good for a laugh.
1	I was playing blackjack here and was attacked at the blackjack table by another player while the player next to me stole my chips, which amounted to $500 roughly. I didn't realize that this could've possibly been a setup but the casino security wouldn't allow me to retrieve my chips after the attack, they told me that my chips would be fine. I find out later at the security office that my chips were taken by the player next to me and they couldn't do anything about it. I later contact risk management and they could care less and told me the same thing. If you start winning at this casino beware wary of the people around you!
5	This casino is off the strip and is good value for your money.  A nice diverse crowd, spacious and surprisingly less smokey. I would definitely consider staying here on my next trip.
1	My husband and I stopped there on our way out of town.  It is not worth going to . The casino is outdated, smelled awful and the food is not good. We went to the Mexican restaurant, and it was disgusting .   I don't recommend stopping there to gamble or eat.
1	If you hear "presentation"...RUN! It's a timeshare scam! They'll promise you can see a "top" Las Vegas show at a discount and then the story changes and takes all kinds of twists and turns. If you're on vacation, save yourself the time and hassle. Once you call them on it, everybody seems to be the blind leading the blind. Getting a quick refund becomes an impossibility. It took a while but we finally got our $50 back. Two hours of our vacation were wasted dealing with these scam artists.
5	We love staying at SP!! The parking is great!! The casino and hotel common areas are very pretty. All the of restaurants are wonderful and there are a lot of choices!! Vito's is our favorite!! As well as the midnight breakfast specials at the cafe, all delicious!! We hit it every night we are there!! The rooms are very clean, comfortable and spacious. The in room coffee maker is great to have!! For the price it's hard to beat!
5	Awesome place for a family meal or just to get together.  We ate at thr Corona Cafe.  23 of us. The service was phenomenal.
1	I saw a deal on Orbitz for 15% off. After reviewing their website, I saw that they price matched. I called and representative told me they didn't price match. I told her I was on the website and it said that they did. She then asked for how many days, and I told her just one. She asked which site did I see the rate, and I told her. She came back and told me that  the rate was the same. i directed her to the bold letters on top that gave the promo code for 15% off. She then put me on hold for 10 minutes and came back to tell they couldn't match it. I have never stayed here, and based on the horrible customer service, and they fact that they don't honor whats on their website, I never will.
3	If you want to stay away from the strip this is the place to stay. I stayed here not by choice for edc it was not a good place lots older people and lots of family with little children so walking around half naked don't stay here for edc
1	Starting off really bad  do not be five minutes late for the shuttles from the airport to the hotel. One would think they would have a list of people who are taking the shuttle and common courtesy would be to call them or wait for them now it is an hour and a half wait for the next one so I think they had some time to spare?! And we had to make a call to them the other day to make sure we could get a shuttle.:(
2	They charge a $14 per day "resort fee" to cover in room Wi-Fi and all I can pull is 1.5 Mbps.
4	This place was meant for the die hard gamblers of las vegas. The people who want to avoid the new generation of vegas goers. Even though it's literally a place to get away from the vegas hype, it's a cheap place for rooms and they give out awesome deals like free drinks and souvenirs! It's also fairly new so it's not ran down. Places to eat are Steak 'n Shake, Zenshin, Garden Buffet, etcs.It's a huge so there's a Century movie theater and a bowling alley!
3	The rooms are ok. The amenities are a good balance. The resort fee that covers the internet should be refunded to all. It is the worst. We travel alot and ive never seen such poor connection. The housekeeping staff are TERRIBLE.
5	I have stayed in this casino for my job back in February 2012 for 2 weeks I liked but since I don't work for that company anymore I won't be back.
4	This review is for the slot machines, theater, bowling alley, and some of the food establishments.I stayed next door at the Grandview, which made walking over to South Point incredibly convenient. If you're not a fan of crowds, you can get most of the activities that you would on the strip, but in a quieter area. We frequently came here for food options when we didn't feel like driving. The food wasn't particularly amazing though.The theater was awesome. On Tuesdays, movies are only $5 a ticket! For less than $20, my husband and I saw a movie and had gelato and popcorn. The bowling alley is equally impressive. Games are only $3.50 each, which isn't a bad deal. If you're there after midnight, games are only $1! There is an arcade inside the bowling alley, which was entertaining for adults as well as kids.I think this place is pretty family friendly if you're traveling with kids on vacation. You can have fun ammenities in one spot, but don't have to drag your kids through some of the vices of the strip. If you want to be in the middle of all the activity, then you probably won't want to go here.
4	Everything was great! And yo my surprise due to the holiday (New Years) everything ran smoother than I expected. I definitely recommend this place to older people and families that want a nice trip to Vegas with out the craziness of the strip.
4	I like this casino. I stayed here with a friend a few years ago on a 1 day trip and it was awesome. The rooms are really clean and well kept. The Black Jack tables are smooth along with the poker tables. Casino right near the airport, but South Point is actually behind the North Las Vegas strip. A gas station right across the street with a Del Taco next to them. But we ate inside the casino which was good. I also like the fact there is a Coffee Bean here because casino coffee is never good. I will have to stay here again when visiting the casino. One more note, Parking can be a hassle in the summer time here, be careful where you park.
4	This is the third of the cheaper, off-strip Vegas hotels I've stayed at (Sam's Town and Eastside Cannery being the other two), and while I liked all three, this one has a slight edge as my favorite option for when you're on a budget in Sin City! Here's what I gathered during our four-night stay:Pros -- TONS of solid entertainment options...we saw the Rick Thomas illusionist show and it was awesome, the bowling alley was large and fun, trying bingo for the first time was a blast and the casino was popping at night with overwhelmingly friendly dealers and I especially loved the poker tournaments ($60 buy-in three times a day, and they have a $100 buy-in tournament on Sundays and Wednesdays I believe). The room itself was good...nothing spectacular but spacious and clean. I was a fan of the king bed, my girlfriend wasn't (she said it was too firm) so that's just a matter of preference. There was also a couch and nice large flat screen TV that we got limited use out of. The parking situation was great, even during the holidays. I personally loved the location compared to Eastside Cannery and Sam's Town, just because that Boulder Highway area vibe comes off as slightly sketchy, while this seemed to be in a better location and a little closer to the strip. Cons --  There were only two pillows for a king bed and when I called to ask housekeeping for pillows (or, on another night, for towels, since we don't do room service), it took at least 30 minutes each time for them to come up, perhaps longer. I get that housekeeping isn't fully staffed in the evening, but that was slightly annoying. More than anything, doesn't it make sense to just have four pillows for a king bed in the first place? It was cold in Vegas during our stay (December 27th-30th 2014) and I didn't bother asking for another comforter for this very reason. Again, as is usually the case, you get what you pay for. Also, I wasn't a fan of the restaurants we tried, though we didn't try most of them (namely, the buffet). I used one of the coupons you get at check in for the Del Mar Deli and it was unimpressive and still expensive...$12 for a special with an Italian sandwich with fries and cole slaw and a drink, and for the sandwich it seemed like they were using pre-packaged combined deli meat, like something you would buy at the grocery store where the meats already come combined. I just wasn't a fan. Our other meal at the hotel was at the Coronado Cafe...we made the mistake of coming just before the midnight specials kicked in, and while the prices were reasonable the food wasn't very good. My girlfriend got some egg and sausage combo and the sausage patties were pretty gross...it seemed like they were packed too tight and just not appetizing. I got the juevos rancheros and it was bland, lacking flavor and, simply put, not very good. Again, taste is different for everybody, but after the first two meals at the hotel we just started eating elsewhere. I'm not docking a star from my rating because of the restaurants, just because of the aforementioned room service situation. Otherwise, this is a great place to stay if you're in Vegas, on a budget and don't need to be on the strip.
3	We come to Vegas often due to trade shows and usually stay at South Point. This time I was disappointed because of two issues. First, the tub filled up while showering. Second, there was black mold or mildew on the inside shower curtain. Yuk times two. Both issues should have been identified my the housekeeper prior to our arrival.
