3	This OSF just opened up nearby at the Chandler Mall so we decided to give it a try one night for dinner.I ordered the Garlic Mizithra and the BF had the Premier (Lasagna & Chicken Marsala combo). We also got a side of two meatballs to share. All entrees come with a soft drink, soup or salad and ice cream at the end. The bf chose the soup (minstrone) and I chose the salad (garden salad). The soup was gross. The salad was blah. The honey mustard dressing was yummy though. The bread and butter they offered was better than I expected. It was a fresh loaf of sourdough. Nice, crispy and slightly chewy. Our entrees came and I was quite surprise with my dish. It was spaghetti tossed in butter with bacon bits, mushrooms and mizithra cheese. I couldn't stop eating it. The bits of cheese was delightful and there was tons of it tossed in. I liked that it wasn't salty but a soft subtle flavor. I thought the lasagna was decent and the marsala was alright. My BF really enjoyed them. The meatballs were okay. I can't say much about them. At the end of our meal we had a choice of a scoop of ice cream (spumoni or vanilla with chocolate sauce). We chose one of each. They were nothing special but a nice little treat to seal up our dinner. With two 20oz beers our total came out to around $45 before tip. I thought it was of fair value. I'd probably go back just for the Garlic Mizithra. Everything else was nothing memorable.
3	When i found out that this was being built, I was super excited to try it since I had heard so many great things about this restaurant chain. So, Friday night, I ordered my husband to meet me there. First things first, have fun finding a parking spot! Once inside, we waited about 15 minutes before being taken to a booth. The overall setup of the restaurant is very nice, spacious with very comfortable seating and a fun trolly car in the middle of the restaurant where they seat people as well. The aroma upon entering was very pleasant so I thought we were in for a delicious dining experience and that OSF had potential to be added to our restaurant rotation. I was definately pleased when I saw the price of everything and that all meals included salad, bread, drink, and ice cream. Unfortunately, this was also a downfall because the cheaper the place, the more family friendly it is, hence more asshole kids! They were fricken everywhere, my head was spinning. I would like to add that if you have kids and they are screaming, get them the F out of the restaurant. Just because you think its adorable that little Johnny is banging his silverware around and screaming at the top of his lungs doesn't mean I enjoy it. In fact, one of these days, you are going to get punched in the face thanks to Little Johnny!Anyways, the husband and I, both having large appetites, each ordered platters. Me: The meat lovers treat which was spaghetti with meatballs and sausage (I tried it because it is the Old Spaghetti Factory after all and they should make good Spaghetti) and the hub chose the premier which was lasagna and chicken marsala. Both of us chose the salad with the creamy pesto dressing (they didnt have ranch and this was the closest dressing to it). We were off to a good start when the bread arrived hot and fresh, a lovely loaf of sourdough goodness. The salad, although consisting of only iceberg lettuce and a few carrots, was refreshing and acted as an excellent vehicle for getting the creamy and delicious dressing into my mouf! However, when the actual meals arrived, everything just seemed mediocre. The sauce on my spaghetti tasted jarred, didnt have much meat in it which was odd for a meat sauce, the meatballs were wayyyyyy too salty, and the sausage was your basic sausage, nothing special about it. The hub said his meal was very much the same, nothing great. In fact, at one point, he stated that he wished he was at Olive Garden. Unfortunately, I couldn't disagree. In any event, I decided to box up the remainder of my meal and we proceeded with eating our spumoni which obviously wasn't bad. How can you mess up ice cream though that is scooped from a bucket???When leaving, I decided I wanted to go into the mall to see the puppies at puppies of love. Brings me such joy. Haha. I wasnt sure what to do with my box of leftovers but when thinking about it, I determined that they were not even going to get eaten so there was no point in taking it. All in all, if you are looking for cheap and your not a true Italian and dont care about true Italian food, then you might like this place. However, if you want GOOD spaghetti and meatballs, try Rigatonies (all their food is great) or Pesto's. Thank you very much   :)
3	3.5 stars. Needed a place to avoid the rain before going to see Tron with my mom at the movie theater next door. We didn't order food, just drinks. There's an OSF in Seattle, and having gone a couple times, while not super familiar with the menu, I know what they serve. Our waitress was actually really awesome- she got us our drinks quickly and was super friendly with our touristy butts. Yeah... it's a chain. I know the food isn't the best and the service can be hit or miss. But the stars are all for our waitress, whose name I (of course) can't remember. I got the OSF version of a Jack and Coke, which had a cherry infused whiskey (it was dangerous, and at 7 dollars, doubly so), and my mom got a virgin Daquiri- our waitress put extra whip on it. A little touch, but one my mom really appreciated.
2	While most of my family had been to the location on Central, this was my first visit to OSF. We were all up for going even though it was no one's first choice. Everyone wanted to go to California Pizza Kitchen or Buffalo Wild Wings. I wanted to come here because I had never been here before.Well the service was top-notch just like Lisa K. stated previously. This location was brand new and the staff seemed well trained and knowledgeable about the menu. Everyone was extremely friendly, personable and outgoing. The service made for a great experience.The prices are very reasonable considering the entrees come with tea or coffee (not soft drinks) and spumoni included.We ordered fried ravioli and cheese bread as appetizers. They both were delicious.My dad and I each ordered the Spaghetti Vesuvius which boasts a spicy and hearty combination or chicken, sausage and meatballs.The waiter even warned us that was very spicy. Not only was it not spicy, it didn't even have a slight kick to it.  The meat was used very sparingly in the sauce and the sauce was bland. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal. I tried my nieces spaghetti and meatballs. It was good. Not great, not overly flavorful but it tasted fresh, not fresh out of a jar.Would I come back here? Yeah probably. It has a great atmosphere and is good for groups like the one I was in.I think it would be worth giving another chance to.
4	I LOVE OSF and this one is awesome just like the rest. We went the night after they opened and had amazing service since they were overstaffed. Food was great - I had the Mizithra Cheese pasta, husband got the Meatloaf. The creamy pesto dressing is absolutely amazing - get a side of it to dip your bread in!We went back in for our 2nd try and it was also great. The only bad thing is, I had bought a $25 gift card previously, and you get a free $5 coupon. I gave the server both the gift card and the coupon, and he deducted the full amount from the gift card, and we lost our free $5. I didn't notice until I got home unfortunately. So - just make sure your receipt is correct!
1	So we love OSF and have visited the downtown location many times. This location fell short of our expectations, I would not recommend you eat here and I will not repeat. If you want more details read on: Julie said that 1. It was my turn to change the diaper and 2. A family restaurant like OSF would most definitely have baby changing tables in the men's room. Well, if those exist they hide them well, I will mention that both the stalls were busy so I was not able to look in there for a changing table so I had to change him on the sink which was less than pleasant. Next, we sat about 40-60 feet away from the front door in large, red Alice in Wonderland type chairs. Although charming and comfortable, these chairs are little to tall for a short guy like me and my legs would not touch the floor! I had to do the slide-down-the-chair-to-touch-the-floor-so-I-feel-like-a-big-boy routine. Then I noticed that the first set of double doors from the outside were propped open so every time someone opened the inside set of double doors to walk in or out, a huge breeze of 39 degree F air would come rushing in and give us a great "Arctic" atmosphere. This bothered me enough to call Sean, our waiter, over. I explained the issue and he quickly went over to the hostess station where four girls with the apparent combined IQ of 50 argued with him for a few minutes and it seems that Sean lost the argument because the doors remained propped opened until about an hour later when a customer must have accidentally kicked the prop and made the outside doors close on his way out. Who is the genius that decided to prop them open in the first place with the kind of weather we were having? I ordered a Chicken Penne and Sean said that it came with a salad. The "salad" was just a bunch of lettuce in a puny bowl with some dressing. It left me wondering why we didn't just go to Olive Garden to get a real salad. Then came the bread. It tasted good but it was hard, cold and difficult to cut. Even little Ryan at 2.5 years old gave me a weird look when he tried biting into the bread. The bread came served in a puny cutting board which the more we cut the bread the more crumbs and hard crust went every were on the table and made a huge mess. I would recommend you bring some safety glasses and a cordless sawzall for this operation. I was not impressed. Why not send the bread pre-cut or in a plate more suited for this purpose? Hey how about sending FRESH bread out? The food came fast so I got my Chicken Penne and it was just OK, very unremarkable. Again, it left me wondering why we did not just drive a bit further and eat the Pene Rustica at Macaroni Grill which is a dish that deserves a standing ovation. The beer was tasty and the rest of the meal was enjoyable now that I was wearing my jacket fully zipped up and was starting to contemplate wearing my gloves also for good measure. IQ 50 girls were still giggling by the hostess station. Then I overheard three employees talking a few feet away from us by the terminal. They were discussing restaurant drama, something about "he almost got me fired but I apologized to the customer and still got a good tip" Now, let me tell you that besides being a patron, my extent of having any restaurant management experience involves working at Pizza Hut for two months as a waiter during summer break in college but even I know that discussing drama within earshot of customers is unprofessional and should be taken outside or in the kitchen. I began fantasizing about being "manager for a day" as I already had a list of the top ten things that this restaurant needed to address if it planned on staying in business. At this point in the meal I was looking around to see if I could determine who the Manger is and maybe call him or her over. Could it be the girl that was dressed in white, different from the other employees dressed in black? No, she was hanging out with IQ 50 girls for a long time, probably not. Julie also made an observation that they appeared to be waaayyy overstaffed. Julie worked in a restaurant as a lead where dollars sold per labor hour were the important to keep high for their bonuses. This was apparently not the focus here as there were loads of employees standing around and circulating the restaurant aimlessly carrying nothing and doing nothing. The positives: Sean was a great waiter, professional, courteous, prompt and was there just in the nick of time when needed. Sean is probably the greatest asset this company has going for it. For his sake, I hope Macaroni Grill is hiring as I think this restaurant is going under within the year. The building is nice, kept relatively clean and the music and ambiance is pleasant (besides the Arctic issue) But again I will not repeat.
4	I have been to an Old Spaghetti Warehouse in Texas and loved it, so when my family and I went to Chandler Fashion Center it was a pleasant surprise to find an Old Spaghetti Factory there. The food was absolutely delicious.  While greatly enjoyed everything we ordered, my favorite was the garlic cheese bread.  I have ordered cheese bread from other restaurants and found it to be too dry/crunchy, with either too much or too little cheese.  At the Old Spaghetti Factory the garlic cheese bread was fresh, fluffy, and had just the right amount of cheese and garlic.  The mizithra spaghetti was fabulous, too!In addition to delectable food, the service was great.  Our waitress was nice and attentive but not overbearing.
4	This was my second time eating at OSF, the first being about 7 years ago, but I had good memories so I was pretty excited. We had a group of about 60 going out for dinner after an event, and after two other restaurants couldn't take our reservation, OSF popped into my head as an option, and luckily they were able to take our group on a few days' notice. I talked with the managers a few time to figure out what would be the best plan of action for our large group, and we decided to do the family style dinner that was a flat charge per person, with bread, salad, pasta, and ice cream for everyone. We were seated in the banquet hall which is pretty nice at 3 long tables, and we had to wait a few minutes but they started to get everything rolling out pretty quickly. I have to say everything tasted great, by far better than a similar deal at *cough bucco di beppo cough*. I think everyone got their moneys worth and then some. The only reason I have to give them 4 stars instead of 5, is because when making arrangements, I was told that we would be able to have separate checks. Well, at the end of dinner, we got one check that we had to split amongst everyone, which ended up being a minor pain. But the servers were super nice and did the best to make the process easy and painless. I'll definitely be beck
1	Do you like salt?? If so, this is the place for you. Food is very sub par here. I'll never come back.
1	The cheesy breadsticks were delicious.  Everything else, not so much.
3	My first time hear and It was very good but not the greatest. I had the chicken fettuccini it could use more Alfredo souce I had to ask for some on the side but the bread is so good I loved it.I also liked the setting around me it was very cool and different!
2	A generic name for a generic chain of generic Italian food.  There is a hint of Greek flavor in some of their dishes, due to a certain type of Greek cheese used in some of the pastas, but other than that, the dishes we had were just OK, nothing too special.  Their redeeming quality is that entrees include a drink, soup or salad, and dessert.  Entrees will run you around 11-15 dollars.
4	Came here for lunch today with a friend and was a bit worried that we'd be selecting a restaurant located within the mall, but was surprised to find that it was in a nice outdoor plaza adjacent to the Chandler Mall.. The weather was beautiful today, 90 degree weather but overcast so more like warm winds.. As soon as we arrived at noon we were seated promptly and the waitress took our drink orders right away.. Their strawberry lemonade comes with unlimited refills for $2.50 (i think?) and it tasted great! They even gave us to-go cups to take some extra with us.. All pasta entrees are $1.50 cheaper on the lunch menu so my spinach and cheese ravioli went from $9.99 to $8.49.. Still a bit pricey but they do give you a generous portion like at cheesecake factory.. My friend ordered the baked lasagna (which is her all-time favorite food) and she said it passed her test! All in all I had a great experience and my server was extremely friendly.. We even got an extra loaf of their sourdough bread to take home [: I would return here again for sure!
1	I give one star because the chairs look big and comfy but I will never go back to find out.Plain and simple...my boyfriend and I walked in and stood there while 3 employees stared at us and did NOTHING. It was a monday evening, we saw open tables, and not one of the 3 employees acknowledged us so we left.
1	I'm convinced everywhere I go sucks. This place was at the chandler mall. nice ambiance inside and family oriented. the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever. the marinara sauce didn't have any spices or hint of authentic Italian to it. the whole menu is literally spaghetti so don't go with the idea of getting any other kind of Italian dish. the meatballs same thing. no big Italian taste or spiciness. the appetizer- the artichoke dip was bland. felt like old people food or kid friendly food. nothing for your palette to discover. very BLah. just save your money and go to Oregano's where your never disappointed I guess.
2	Regardless of how impeccable the service, I won't eat anything but the cheesy bread here voluntarily.  ...and I have eaten here a LOT.This place is fairly easy to find: it's in the outdoor segment of Chandler Fashion Center, and is by the parking lot.The decor is awesome...seriously, amazing.  Every seating area is unique and has its own charm.  From a romantic date to a huge familly, there is an area of the seating chart that is meant for you.  I love it...it helps me get through dinner, honestly.The meals all come with the bread, salad, and spumoni (italian neopolitan ice cream), so you pay for everything in the price of your entree...honestly, that's a good deal.  The wait staff is phenomenal; they're always helpful, friendly, there when you want them, yet unobtrusive and quiet.  We've stopped the manager several times to praise an employee's outstanding service, so they are making the right hiring decisions.The first time we ate here, I had ravioli and hubs had the rich meat sauce spaghetti.  It was easily the least flavorful ravioli I have ever eaten.  The saucing was sparse and had no boldness.  I'm not a huge fan of the sourdough bread.  The spumoni was FANTASTIC, but that was after I hated all the food and hey, I already love ice cream.  On the opposite end, my husband LOVED his food.  I tried it and thought it was the most boring spaghetti I have ever eaten.  There was nothing rich or meaty about the sauce--I personally think jar spaghetti sauce tastes better.Second time, had the spaghetti squash; this was better, but just was interesting texturally more than taste wise. This time we had the cheesy garlic bread.  THIS is their best item.  It's melty, cheesy, garlicy wonderful on a still crisp perfect loaf.  I ate this happily and finally had a good mood after coming here.Third time I tried the spaghetti with the light sauce, also same thing: it's so BLAND!  Seriously, I would guess that only those recovering or on plain diets would like this food...I can't fathom why my husband likes it (he keeps picking it when it's his turn, which is why I keep giving other menu items a chance...I have no choice except not to eat!).  I LOVED OSF in Houston, Texas, so I don't know what is up with this location, but it is just such bland food!I don't like the lasagna, spaghetti, ravioli...so what exactly is the point of eating here???  I love my husband, that's basically it.  I've started getting takeout here so he can eat his boring spaghetti and I can pick up authentic Italian from elsewhere.I feel badly because this place has such a good atmosphere and great staff, but I just don't care for the food.  I've had spaghetti, ravioli, and lasagna in Italy repeatedly, so maybe I just prefer the fresh flavorful experience and can't resign myself to this place's humdrum attitude toward food.  I still say save your $40 and go to Vincitorio's!!!
4	2nd time I've eaten here, was just as impressed as the first.The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous with a fun-spirited ambiance appropriate for families and groups. I took 11 friends from a movie we had seen over to the restaurant tonight.The food was incredible - from the warm freshly-baked bread to the Spaghetti w Meat and Miz Sauce. Probably the best spaghetti I've eaten in my lifetime, and I don't say that lightly. Free spumoni and vanilla ice cream were a real treat at the end.The service was slow however, and i found myself contstantly looking at my watch. Being with a large group made it tougher, as I wasn't the only one wondering what the wait was. Although the restaurant was not packed I believe our server had too many tables.Definitely would recommend this to others, and hoping my next experience is a 5-star one.
4	I am sorry but I am reading some of the reviews on this place and I gotta tell you, are you people Nuts!  OK I can totally understand giving 1 star because you walked in and got ignored, however did you walk up and ask for a table. Seems a little weird that three people would just have a staring contest with you. It is possible, but not really probable.  Secondly, people griping about the PRICE.... ARE YOU SMOKING DOPE.... The basic meals here are between 10 and 15 bucks and INCLUDE DRINKS. I read about people bitching about how bland it is.... Of course it's bland its a Family Eatery. They have to keep the basic food bland to suit all clientele. You can certainly request a little more this or that. NO this is not going to be the place to have a formal dinner with your grandmother from Italy. Yes, you will be put out that your dinner was not comparable to Tomaso's  which is a 15-25 dollar a plate spaghetti shop not INCLUDING DRINKS.  The food is on par with Olive Garden though the menu is not as deep. You go to this place when its nice to have a night out, but you don't want to spend 60 bucks on a dinner for two. You go to this place when your a high school kid that wants to take his date out  and go to a movie or shopping over at the fashion square. You go to this place when you want a nice value dinner that includes a great ambiance,  a nice staff, and a fun location for activities afterward.
3	The food is fairly good. Good service and great complimentary bread. It isn't formal or anything it is just a fun place to eat before or after a movie. Lots of fun things to do around there. Not as good as the one in Seattle though. The one in seattle is more fun but much more busy.
2	In five bullet points:*Good service. The waiter was attentive, and delivery was awfully quick. Their decor is also kinda tasteful too.*Really bland food. The menu is one of the shallowest I've seen from a real chain restaurant in years. The minestrone in particular had an issue, being spiked with some spice that way overpowered the flavor and made it horrid. The toasted ravioli appetizer was better than their "signature" cheese-butter pasta.*In hindsight, should have gone to CPK or somewhere else instead -- if you want real Italian, there are local and better chain places from which to get it -- Olive Garden (of which there is one across Chandler Blvd, north of the mall) and RigaTony's both come to mind. This is a restaurant for large families that need cheap, fast food. (This is probably why their meals are "complete" meals.)*The previous occupant of the OSF space was a restaurant called Garduno's, featuring Mexican food. They did better at food than OSF. *How has this chain not only been in business for 42 years but expanded throughout the West and into select markets east of that? (St. Louis, Indy, Minneapolis, Louisville)
2	Decent food, massive portions, and they have SPUMONI!!  That's a huge plus.  So why the 2-star review?  They made the "dirty dining" list for June, and that's NOT cool.  And after several visits, service was all over the map, from really good to crummy.   Sorry guys, you gotta try harder, and keep the joint CLEAN so that you don't score horrendously on your health department inspections.  Better options elsewhere.
4	These guys are a great deal, if you know what to order.  All of their famous complete meals come with fresh baked bread (and it is great sourdough, providing you get a hot loaf), soup or a crisp green salad with choice of dressing (small upcharge for Ceasar), and a beverage (providing you order either coffee, hot tea, iced tea or milk - NOT SODA), and their signature spumoni or vanilla ice cream for dessert.We went a little wild this time and ordered the toasted raviolis. Loved em.Today's tip: Don't order the HEARTY MEAL larger serving if splitting between two hungry adults.  It ain't a double portion... no matter what your server says.
3	I was very excited to see this go in at Chandler Fashion Center. I had heard great things. I went with my mom for lunch after a morning of shopping. We were pleased at the prices, and the meal for my daughter. We got the soup and salad for lunch. Everything was good, but what kept me at a 3 from a 4 was the salad. It was straight from the bag, basic iceburg lettuce with the shaved carrots and purple cabbage. A huge disappointment.
4	Delicious garlic cheese bread and toasted cheese raviolis!  Italian sodas with a souvenier glass may sound silly but I bought in because the contents were so good.  This is not pasta just thrown together in a plate for kids to be occupied and get basic nutrition.  This place is really good.  I actually think that for a spaghetti chain, they make a difference by taking extra care to present the dishes in a pleasant way and by selecting quality contents.  I am a fan of the themed space.  I sat in a trolley car and felt like a kid.To tell you what to specifically order is hard.  I had the option to make my own dish so, I can say that my meaty sauce selection was married with a penne and garlic.  You wanna talk about something good! Right now...this is my fave spaghetti house.
4	I love the Old Spaghetti Factory.  Growing up, I remember going to the one in Ohio on the way home from Cedar Point, and I always always always loved it.  I would go here in college as well, and I have so many fond memories here.My friend Austin and I were hungry today, and wanted something different then the norm.  I suggested OSF and after googling it, realized that there was one right here at the Chandler Fashion Center.  this means I don't have to schlep all the way downtown anymore!  YES!This particular location has only been open a year as of this month.  Place is huge, and decorated nicely!  Huge fluffy red chairs, chandeliers, large seating booths for big parties, and a big dining room in the front.We were greeted by our server who took our order.  She was really good, and treated us great.  I went with the angel hair spaghetti, and my friend went with some other pasta dish that I can't remember.  We got bread sticks, drinks, and spumoni for dessert.I would gladly come here again, as I always love dining here, as it brings back so many memories for me.  Keep up the good work OSF, I love you!
2	Good place when $$ count.I've eaten here multiple time and each time I get the Italian version of Motezumas revenge.Not a good deal...unless you need a cleaning out.
4	To make a long story short my partner and I received a gift card for Old Spaghetti Factory. Usually, we go to the location in Central Phoenix, but I wanted to check out the newer location at Chandler Fashion Mall. It is located in the old "Gardunos" restaurant building.The first thing that impressed me was that the lighting was 150% better than the previous restaurant.  Old Spaghetti Factory is not fancy or pretentious and very affordable. For the 2 of us the total bill was $26.00.  We opted to sit in the lounge/bar area, usually I am leery of sitting in that section at any restaurant due to lousy service. We were pleasantly surprised by the capable hostess/bartender who was working that night. She handled all the food and drink orders for the whole section with great professionalism. If any criticism can be made of the food it would be that the salad was very generic, but other than that it was a great dining experience. I had crab stuffed ravioli, very tasty indeed! The best part is that dessert (ice cream or sherbert) is included in the price of an entree. We will definitely eat there again.
3	Great service, amazing decorations, food just ok.  Good for families.  Salad bread dinner and spumoni are a good value.  Just outside mall entrance.
2	This was probably one of the weirdest restaurant experiences I've ever had. We called ahead for a reservation but were told we could be put on a phone list that will speed up the wait for a table. We opted for that option since we were on our way. When we arrived we were told it'd just be a couple minutes then shortly after we were directed to the bar to find our own table. Our server did his job of taking our order and delivering the food but there was something about him that was weird. On the menu it says every entree includes bread, salad and ice cream. We ordered the garlic cheese bread but didn't receive the other bread, which would be fine if that's standard or if they gave a price break on the cheese bread or something, but the table next to us with the same server received both items with their order. We got our food which ok... I had the veggie lasagna and my boyfriend had the chicken penne. My lasagna was decent but wasn't any better than a $2 lasagna lean cuisine. The chicken penne was crap. The sauce was like watered down paste. After dinner they server asked if we wanted dessert but we had to mention the ice cream that's included.Now while all this was going on, on the patio there was a woman on the ground who was being attended to by other customers, not the staff. While the woman was laying on the ground, a server actually stepped over her. It was so weird. They brought out her food and just piled it on the table while she's laying on the ground.All in all, I would not recommend this restaurant. I felt really weird the entire time I was there. If you are looking for Italian, just go to Oregano's. It is so so so much better!
3	My husband and I attended a robotics competition in Chandler and, as a celebration, the leaders made a reservation at this place for the teams. We went in earlier than the rest of the group and wound up sitting with the group from Toronto by mistake due to miscommunications on our parts; our group had a different reservation two hours after we arrived and we were not informed of it.Now, onto the food. The bread, I could tell just by looking at it, was either made in a steam injected oven or the bakers sprayed it with water. In any case, I was impressed. The bread was served piping hot and was so good it didn't need any butter. I ordered the chicken broccoli fettuccine and my husband ordered the chicken parmigiana; both of us ordered minestrone soup and spumoni. The soup was not half bad; in fact it was one of the few times I have seen both pasta and zucchini in a minestrone. The fettuccine was good. I found the alfredo sauce a bit on the greasy side, but was pleasantly surprised that they added a touch of white wine to it, much as I do.My husband adored his chicken as far as I can tell; it's quite difficult to screw up anything parmigiana.The spumoni was good and just the right portion for a single person after a starchy meal.
1	It had been a year since our last visit to Old Spaghetti Factory.  What a difference a year makes!  My dinner was not too impressive.  Actually no one in our party of four was thrilled with their meal.  Very small portions and the food seemed like it was not even cooked fresh.Don't think that we will be back any time soon.  I am pretty sad about that, as I have fond memories of OSF.
2	Not the best. Wanted to try this place. Used to go to the one down town Phx. Toasted ravs were great. Got a loaf of bread that was wonderful. I got the clam sauce. It had little bits of green peppers. Minestrone just ok. Carrots where uncooked. Won't go back. Sorry.
2	What to say?Food...serviceable.Staff...adequate.Wait time...short...even on Friday night.Good place to take a family if for no other reason that cost.  Otherwise, if you get into another restaurant on a Friday night, go there.  If not, then OSF will serve the purpose of putting a meal on the table.
2	The service at this location was HORRENDOUS.Was not informed that soda is not included with the meal but milk, tea and coffee are.  So my son ordered a soda which was like $2.50 extra when he would have been happy with the free iced tea.The salads came out with almost no dressing on them.  When I asked for more we were charged $.75 per salad for more.Ordered a kids meal for my 6 year old.  Was brought out a regular sized meal.  When I asked the waitress informed me it was an adult portion.  When I said I wanted a kid meal she took the adult meal back and made us wait about 5 minutes for the kid portion to come back.Had to ask for drink refills.Waited forever for the bill and even longer for her to pick the bill up.
2	Not the worst, but by far not the best either. Service was very slow, food was bland, and experience was lacking. Will not return.
2	To sum it up: its a lot of money to spend for a very average experience. I had never been to one of their restaurants and wont go back.  ATMOSPHERE: The decor was unique and clean. But I found it odd that it was so quiet.  No music, no A/C humming...just awkwardly quiet.  So quiet that other diners could easily hear my conversation and I could hear theirs.FOOD: My 'salad' was a bowl of iceberg lettuce with 4 shoestring carrot pieces.  My child's mac-n-cheese looked more like pasta with a small bit of butter. My pasta was ok.  Not great, not awful, but not worth the price on the menu.  The presentation/visual appeal was lacking on all items - no 'wow' factor.SERVICE: Our waiter was pleasant but got 2 out of our 4 orders wrong.
4	We have visited the Phoenix location many times and really enjoy the food and atmosphere. The Chandler location just doesn't have that same cozy feel, and the food isn't the same. This is our third visit to the Chandler restaurant, which I guess says it can't be all that bad. My husband wasn't feeling well, so we opted to take out instead of eating there. The waitress was very accommodating, and made sure everything was done to our specifications - all sauces and dressings on the side, no ice in the drinks, both regular and garlic butter, and extra dressings. She even went over everything with me before I walked out the door.When I got home and started unpacking the meals, I only needed to reheat the meals. Aside from the pasta sticking, which is to be expected without the sauce, everything was perfect. We had a good meal at home without any of the work.We ordered spaghetti, ravioli, meatballs, sausage, and the olive  tapenade. Everything tasted fresh, but I didn't care for the meatballs... they tasted "dark" if that makes sense. The bread was chewy and soft and warm, the way it should be.We will definitely be returning, but our first choice will be the Phoenix restaurant.
2	Well after being out of the country for quite some time, my sister and I wanted some real Italian food. But... this is Arizona... does it even exist if we don't cook it ourselves? We were desperate and Olive Garden is just meh to us. We only enjoy their free bread and salad so that was out of the question. After quite some time, we decided on Old Spaghetti Factory... I took her here once for her birthday and the food was decent so we decided to give it another go.This time around, it wasn't all that great. The waitress seems to be all over the place. I had to ask twice for the water to be refilled. When we order she also ask us "lunch or dinner" portions but completely left out what the difference was. Anyways to the food.We were all hungry so the appetizer was quickly devoured. The sausage and cheesy garlic bread was pretty good, my brother seems to enjoy it a lot but the olive tapenade was just okay, nothing special.Oh and on another note the free bread should have been brought out with the appetizers, no? It was brought out with our food...So yeah, the food came out and it wasn't all that good. The marinara sauce was a little on the sour side. And it seems like all their dishes use that one sauce. Needless to say, very dissapointing. All 5 dishes... from lasagna to chicken parmesan to silicon meatballs .... all taste the same...I don't think I will be returning.
4	This was my first time at this restaurant. I am Italian and I always prefer my dad's cooking to any restaurant, but I love to try new places! Our server was great, prompt and very cheerful! I got a very basic spaghetti with marinara and I had no problems with it. I like that they include bread, soup or salad, and ice cream with the meal that you purchase. You even get to keep the glass when you buy a cream soda. Overall a great time and I liked the decor. I do wish the menu had some more options, though!
3	This is the kid's choice.  They love to sit on the trolley.  Ok dinners.  Nice bread.  Get a scoop of ice cream to finish.  Alfredo is a bit dry.  Service is 5 stars.  Ken is great.
2	I have been to the factory in Phoenix - wasn't the least bit impressed.  My family wanted to try this one - I was hoping for the best, but yet again I was disappointed.  Its like another Olive Garden with everything premade so its nothing special and you can't customize anything.  Its only the way on the menu and thats it - no special orders.  I dont know what the big hype is with this place, this isn't real Italian and its nothing to write home about, there was nothing to be impressed with from the soups to the lame salads to the meal - all was mediocre and if you ask me they charge to much for the quality of the food. I got the ravioli - totally lacked flavor and their marinara is bland as well. Now that I have had both places I hope to NEVER return - the food sucks.
5	OK, this is the thing. Don't expect anything but some comfort food for a reasonable price. Otherwise you'll be pretty disappointed.The decor is appealing, the food is decent for the price, the service is friendly, and all in all is a good experience. It's a best seller for kids, and there's nothing not to enjoy of this place if you know that you're going to an inexpensive place to put something in your stomach after some shopping or a movie.Remember, this is a chain that started in Portland with the vision of feeding the family for a reasonable price focused in the whole dinner (meaning that your entree comes with soup or salad and desert).The spumoni is delicious!So, if you're leaving the mall or the movies and you need a quick bite that won't hurt your finances and the food will taste good, and the decor and service are great, this is your joint!
1	Took the family and was, er, not impressed.We waited 25 minutes from the time we sat down, to when they came to take our drink order.It was 50 minutes from the time we ordered until we got our food.My wife's lasagna was still frozen on the inside, and my linguine had a thick leathery top from sitting under a heat lamp for too long.To top it all off, our waitress was clearly wearing a soiled adult diaper that reeked and made us wish to high heaven we were eating elsewhere.We pointed out the issue with the lasagna, and my wife just asked them to return it (she was no longer hungry).  They didn't take the lasagna off our bill until I dug in and asked to speak with the manager.I still cringe and have phantom smells of our waitress every time I walk by that place.It was the single-worst, dining-out experience in my life.
3	Appetizers good. Drink specials good. Dinner meh... My pasta was pretty bland.
3	Not bad.  The place is nicely decorated, the service is decent and so is the food.  I got the spaghetti with meatball.  Nothing fancy but it felt like "home".  The bread comes out hot which is nice and as previous posters have mentioned, you get a scoop of ice cream with your meal and the spumoni is DELICIOUS.I definitely wouldn't mind coming her again when we are in the area but wouldn't drive across town to have it.
2	I wanted to like it more but left me feeling unsatisfied. All the food seemed salty. For a place called the Spaghetti Factory it better have some killer sauce...but not so.Service was good. Food not so much.
1	So I went yesterday with some friends for their 40th Anniversary. They had good deals going on pretty much 50% off of a few dishes So I had "Half Spaghetti With White Clam Sauce & Half Meat Sauce With A Meatball" The pasta was $3.95 the Meatball was $3.75 they say they give you two but its really only one that they cut in half. So to be honest even at Half price for the Pasta I felt like I paid to much Pasta was under cooked no flavor in the Meat Sauce the Clam Sauce was the worst I had took one bite sent it back. I understand it was their Anniversary and they had half of food so they didn't put there all into it but it wasn't busy at all so the the food should have not been under cooked. You would think knowing that people are gonna come you would want to entice them to come back. It was my first and last time going here sad to say.
1	The atmosphere is extremely nice. However the service was terrible. Had to hunt My server down and eventually asked for the manager.I enjoy the Old Spaghetti Factory nationwide, just not this ONE.The one in Phoenix is way better! With better service! Larger portions, and better "old italian" style atmosphere.
3	The inferior of the two OSFs nearby.  Nice ambiance.  The food and service ain't bad, but for the price that you pay for a single plate of food, this is just an okay pasta place.  You also have the tendency to still be hungry once your plate is empty and the bread all consumed . . .  The Phoenix location is better by far--VERY FAR.
1	My fiance and I dined here last night and we were very disappointed. When we first walked in the door we were not greeted even though the hostess was standing at the entrance. She seemed very distracted and it took her about five minutes to even notice that we were there. Once we were seated it took probably another ten minutes before anyone ever took our drink order or introduced themselves. Eventually a woman came over, I still do not know her name because she did not introduce herself and she said she was a manager and would be taking our order because our server was running behind.I ordered the penne with marinara and alfredo sauce with chicken which was a recommendation from the manager that took our order. My fiance had the lasagna. It took about fifteen minutes for our food to come out which wasn't bad but it was horrible once we started eating. The chicken in my penne dish was rubbery and tasted freezer burned and days old. Definitely not cooked fresh. The lasagna that my fiance had seemed like something that had been frozen for months and then quickly heated up in the microwave. I wanted to send my dish back but once again there was no server to be found. My fiance had to eventually ask the bartender to find a manager. Ten minutes later we finally had someone over to our table. I told her that the chicken was really bad and that I would like something else. I ended up just getting the garlic and brown butter sauce on spaghetti. It was not to bad but pretty bland and nothing to write home about. Overall the service was really lacking and the food was terrible. The only thing that I enjoyed was the Italian cream soda and the bread which isn't saying much.I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. If you are around Chandler Mall waiting to see a movie, go to BJ's or California Pizza Kitchen. Much better service and food.
1	REALLY awful. We were sat across from the bar somewhat near the front entrance. Our server came and we both ordered drinks, he ordered a beer and I had a Malibu and pineapple. Once our drinks were delivered mine had a bug in it as well as a clear shard of plastic. Really..? You didn't notice that when you were making the drink? I let the bartender know and he got me a new drink which also had a bug in it. I sent it back and declined another drink. After receiving our food something caught my eye right above and slightly behind my boyfriends head. A swarm of gnats was actually circling near the wall that separated us from the servers walkway. I couldn't stop staring at them. I told my boyfriend but I guess from his angle and the light he really couldn't see the tiny bugs flying near his head. The prices really don't match the food y ou get. They really should lower their prices. The salad is pathetic with its place iceberg lettuce and basically no dressing.  The pastas we ordered were bland and tasteless. The only decent thing was the spumoni you get at the end of your meal. I was so uncomfortable here I don't want to ever go back. Every time my boyfriend asks if we should try them again all I can think of are those bugs and I veto the option immediately. We love RigaTony's and Oregano's; WAY better food, great service, and an inviting atmospheres. Please trust me and MANY of reviewers, just don't waste your time or money coming here.
4	Went last night sat in the bar seating, our waiter Ken was the best, very polite,quick and great service. We both said this was the best waiter we have had ever. The food is good, drinks good. very affordable place. The manager even made sure to tell us "have a good night'!Great family place too..
4	Not sure if Mike Pulous still runs this place or not - but still has the same good food as the original on Central Ave.  Manager special is my fav - with 2 of the sauce choices on 1 plate of pasta- I got the meat sauce, and the brown butter/cheese sauce - a great combo.  They bring a nice warm loaf of french bread with your included chilled salad.  Add a glass of cabernet wine, and top it off with spomoni ice cream - and it is a great meal.  The bar is nice and large - and a great place to sit and have dinner if you are just a single.  The bartender is always pleasant and knows how to take care of you with great service.  I have been back a few times and have enjoyed consistant great food.  I hope this place makes it - I know the rent has to be high at Chandler Mall.  So I am going to do my best and eat there at least a couple times a month!!!  :)
5	Great food, comfortable atmosphere, fun place to dine!!
1	I think I expected too much.... I would have been better off sitting at home ordering pasta and bread sticks from pizza hut. That's how much I regret coming here. The shrimp alfredo pasta was ridiculous, basically just boiled fettuccine and cheap alfredo sauce from a jar and probably frozen shrimp that's just been boiled. The bread sticks tasted ok but like I said, pizza hut could have done it better. And the salad? Oh my god... Just plain iceberg lettuce and crappy store bought vinaigrette. Nothing tasted authentic restaurant made, it was like cafeteria food!
2	I always go to this OSF with my Gram because it is close to her house and she likes it. I went there yesterday (and have been there on at least 10 other occasions). The food is really just meh. I used to love it as a kid, but now it is really nothing special. The bread comes out warm and with garlic butter, which is probably the best part of the meal. I always get a small order of half mizithra cheese half clam sauce on angel hair (a must at this place for me), and it is fine, but definitely not worth the million calories that are in it. The meals come with soup or salad and ice cream and only cost about 10$ for dinner or 8$ for lunch, so there is no doubt that it is a bargain, but I would not come here if it were not my Gram's favorite place to go.
1	Very disappointed with everything from the food to the service.  I took my daughter for dinner and they were not very busy so I am not sure what happened.  The fettuccine was barely warm and when I asked if I could get shrimp with it, the shrimp was served in a cold bowl on the side.  My daughter ordered pasta with a simple butter sauce and it too was served barely warm and the pasta was severely under cooked.  No one refilled our drinks, no one checked on our meal, and at one point I timed how long it took for our waiter to come back.  It was 17 minutes.  He was more concerned with the larger parties he had nearby, working the larger tip I assumed, than us.  When he asked how everything was, and I told him, there was no offer of any kind to make up for the sub-par food or the lack of service.  He simply replied "I am in the weeds."  The best part of the meal was the bread.
2	I absolutely love The Old Spaghetti Factory, but this location disappointed me sorely. Granted, we came in an hour before closing - I'll give them that. I felt rushed and neglected throughout this entire dining experience, with the exception of being seated. We waited an unusual amount of time before our drink order was given and when we ordered our food, the server seemed very hurried. When our salad/soup came, we had no place settings or silverware and had to wait until someone passed by. It just seemed very rushed and hurried. 2 stars, since this location not only fell short of expectations, but when it comes to best in its class, other locations were so much better.
4	If you go here for anything other than the Mizithra cheese and browned butter sauce on spaghetti you probably will be disappointed. That is the signature dish and it cannot be found anywhere else, but your kitchen. Also, if you join the factory club on Facebook, they are always sending you great coupons. Today, I had one that added 5oz of pasta (basically an upgrade to dinner-size meal) for free. The lunch meal is $7.99, but after some confusion with the coupon and OSF's  "special rules on upgrading a lunch entree" the manager gave me the $7.99 price. This dinner size is huge and contained a large amount of that browned butter and tons of the Mizithra cheese. Still a great dish and the hot bread is also still legendary. Yeah, the salad is iceberg, but that's just a  bonus. Pretty cool server named Brandon and leftovers this time - very rare for me with that dish.
5	Great food.  Great service.  Great location.  Very busy, but they still bust it out quickly and exude excellence.
1	We ate here tonight in celebration of a family members birthday.  Unfortunately the quality of food makes me give this restaurant only 1 star.  The staff was very friendly, don't get me wrong, it was the food and food alone that makes me give this place such a low rating.I ordered the Chicken Parmesan with a side salad.  The salad tasted like it came out of a plastic bag 2 minutes ago and was covered in Wishbone salad dressing (and I am sorry, that is a slam to Wishbone, that would have tasted better).  No freshly made salads or dressings in house I can guarantee you that.The sourdough bread was definitely from a frozen loaf, it had this weird color/texture.  But, of all the food I had, this tasted the best (which isn't saying much).The chicken parmesan was cooked fine, chicken moist, but it had the weirdest breading on it.  Totally tasted (again) that it came from frozen.  My family eats very natural, no preservatives and I could literally taste the MSG, HFCS, trans fat that these food items had in them (which is probably why I only ate half my meal bc I was starving).  My husband had the spaghetti with meat sauce.  Again, bland, tasted canned/frozen.In conclusion, if you want fast, cheap, highly processed "Italian" food, this is your place.  If you want Italian food that is freshly made and prepped onsite, run, run as fast as you can from OSF.....
5	Food is good, cheap, and the cheese bread is amazing. I do enjoy the wine selection and its perfect if your looking for a fast dinner.
4	couldn't decide what to eat while in this area of chandler before seeing a movie. the hubs had never been here and the last time i ate at an old spaghetti factory was over ten years ago. since i always get to pick, i let him pick.he picked this. the hostesses let us peruse  the menu before we were definite on our decision of eating here. once seated, our server brought water and gave us a few more minutes to decide on what we wanted.hubs got the managers special, a half meat sauce and half mushroom sauce combo. i opted for the fettuccine alfredo and asked for garlic to be added. our server suggested i try their new garlic alfredo.sure glad i took her suggestion! it was delicious. hubs liked his selection as well. their entrees come with a soup or salad and bread too. also the option of iced tea, etc. and and the end, spumoni or vanilla ice cream.
3	First time ever at this location. Nicely decorated all remake stuff of the old time stuff.Clean restaraunt, including the bathrooms.We came really early for dinner. We were running errands and wanted to eat early and get home.They were serving all day,which is a major plus. The hostess gave us lunch menus along with our dinner menu. However, lunch had been over for 25 min.Anyway, our waiter was nice. He bought our drinks and bread quickly.The food is very cheap (price wise) . So for the $$ you cannot complain.But, it really has no flavor, it is very plain.We both chose the soup. Which was really good, Minestrone.Food was good , just not a lot of flavor.Of course it is an Italian place owned by Greeks so they will have things a little differant.After we got our food we sat for a very long time with no drink. Our waiter seemed to of disappered for 20 min. Maybe they have things to do in the back before their shift ends. but, the hostess walked by us several times. I think she should of asked us if we wanted refills.Not a bad place, just not a great place. It served the purpose of a quick , fairly good dinner. They are doing something right, they have been around for years.
2	I like to give places a chance. I'm not a harsh critic, and don't always let a couple bad reviews steer me away from trying a place. In this case, I should have listened. First off, it wasn't horrible. The food was OK, nothing special. The service wasn't the worst I've had, as the waitress was attentive, but she mumbled and didn't really provide much more than subpar service. Overall my experience was underwhelming, and forgettable. I probably wouldn't choose to eat here again.
4	My family and I went in for lunch. Good food, nice lunch prices. Loved the ambiance. Our waitress was very attentive and the food arrived quickly. the sourdough bread was really tasty. We will return again.
4	Love this place. I. Admit its not the best meatball or best bread ever but at least the pasta isn't watery like most places. And the have dietcoke. Service is always good at least the few times I have been there
5	Yummy food, awesome service tonight by Michael. Best service that we've received in a long time. Only complaint was that the salad dressing was extremely salty. Other than that, everything was perfect.
2	Went here for lunch with a friend and my son of the first time. Server was good, nothing out of the ordinary. My sons food came out first. it was good, he ordered the mac and cheese. my friend and I ordered the Manager's Special from the lunch menu. Food was ehhhh.. literally. It lacked flavor, and spices. I didn't even finish my meal and that's saying a lot. I ordered my sons ice cream so he could have it before we left. The ice cream tasted like it had been stuffed in the back of the freezer and they had to pry it out of a snowmans hands to get a scoop for my son. It was so bad that my son didn't even finish it. My advice, save your money, go to the grocery store and make your own meal, you'll get better service, food and leftovers at home.
5	This is an amazing value for casual, Italian dining.I got the minestrone soup, whole wheat pasta with white clam sauce, sourdough bread, milk (with refills included) and spumoni ice cream for $10. Everything was good, and the soup and dessert were outstanding. The ice cream came in a classy metal dish, which was a nice touch.We also had some Sicilian cheese bread and chocolate mousse cake to share, and they were both excellent.The atmosphere is a mixture of casual and elegant, and the whole dining experience seems aimed at making people feel comfortable.AnaJolene was our server, and she gave us friendly, helpful service the entire time we were there.
1	Gotta leave another review. I like this place. This time I ordered clam sauce trying to avoid meat.  Had 2 small clams. I searched and searched.  Taste bad. Not sure how its made but tasted like it came out bag with processed or powered mix.  Sent it back got my fav meatballs. That tasted great. But as soon as I walked in the door I had upset belly and ran for the bathroom.  Who knows what causes that but it seemed like strange occurance so soon after the meal. Draw you own conclusions
1	Awful food and apathetic waitress. I find it unacceptable when the entire table leaves more than 50% of their food on the table because it is so bad and all the waitress says is dessert? No? Just the check then? Careless and rude. Garlic bread was ok.
4	I came here on a Sunday afternoon. My waiter was on point and did a great job. The food was good, but I can't say I really enjoy the decor. Overall I enjoyed my lunch and I would come back.
3	Food was average, but they had gluten free pasta. Service was what brings the stars down.
2	My 2nd oldest turned 21 baby!! She wanted a dinner party with family and friends and she picked the place, after all it was her night her party!  The place picked for the event was The Old Spaghetti Factory.  The Old Spaghetti Factory has been a place my family has enjoyed going to, from my grandparents to my grandkids, we have all had a nice time, the family use to go to the one out by Newport Beach, then when we moved to Phoenix, we went to the downtown location. So it was no surprise she picked this place.We were a party of 20, when we went to the room were the tables were setup my son in law didn't like the flow of it because it had  1/2 the party on one side and other  1/2 away from them, so we moved some tables around and made a upside down L shapped table, which worked and we all got to interact with everyone.We got there about 7pm, around 7:25  servers asked for our drink orders, around 7:45 they started asking us for our orders, but none of us had any menus but we were never able to tell anyone we didn't have menus because there was no one around, we ordered our food around 8pm.  By this time most of everyone's drinks needed to refilled, the bread that was out is now gone and there are no servers to be found.  I had to ask for tea 3 times.The food wasn't mind blowing, it wasn't even that great, I did ignore the reviews other Yelpers wrote because this was what my daughter wanted and I wasn't going to be all Oh other Yelpers said this wasn't that great. No I wanted her to have what she wanted.    I ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce, it was bland, no flavor, but I did eat it, I was starving. By now its after 9pm everyone was done with their meal and ready to get on the 2nd  1/2 of the party, but again no servers and no checks, people starting standing up and then out of magical air our checks showed up, everyone was not happy with the service they got, had to ask many times for refills, cheese, napkins, plates, other random things one asks for.  85% of the party skipped the free ice cream SKIPPED THE FREE ICE CREAM, the kids were the only ones who went for it, everyone else just wanted to leave.  Fortunately even with the bland food & missing servers my daughters night was not ruined. Oh I also should point out, I told the server that it was my daughter's 21st birthday and I wanted to buy her 1st legal drink and she took the drink order, but NEVER ID my daughter. What if I was lying about her age??   smh
2	This was my second visit in years, but first time to this location. I showed up fashionably late to attend a birthday party dinner, took a quick trip to the restrooms(liked the decor of the restaurant)and upon returning to the table was surprised to see no menus, nor drink orders taken, no plates for the bread, no servers around. When we finally got our orders in it felt as though we had to repeatedly ask for everything, especially drinks, and they completely forgot my daughter's drink. I'm not picky but if my glass is always empty the tip goes down, like father like daughter I suppose. I ordered the spaghetti Vesuvius, suppose to be spicy, it was barely above regular sauce. Although the sauce was chunky it was placed in a spoonful a top cold bland noodles,not enough sauce to cover it. I realize we were a big party but reservations were made. Food was bland, service was slow, will I return most definitely no.
3	This had been one of my favorite places to eat near the mall, but menu changes now leave more to be desired. Bring back the Spaghetti Squash! It was a delightful variation to a pretty standard Italian menu.Most dishes are a good value, but their 'larger portions' are suprizingly average size. If you are looking for a filling meal, add 2 huge meatballs for $3. I would also recomend the cheesy garlic bread for superb tastiness.
2	Food good. Server Michael never mentioned the free included spumanti ice cream We left without it.
5	Personally, me and my loved ones have nothing but great things to say about this place.  I really never write reviews. This is my first, but when I saw the feedbacks I just had to step in.  My husband and I have been going there since we moved into the area. Their meals are a great value. 11.79 for a very reasonable portion of your entree ( if you are a big eater you will have to pay a little extra for the hearty portion); and it also comes with a soup or salad, bread and a little scoop of ice cream for desert. Really? I was reading the complains and I was just cracking up because some were complaining about the price lolAnyway, we love this place so much that we had our rehearsal dinner here and the service was extremely accommodating and patient. For whatever reason people at my party of 40 came in waves. They all were from out of town so we couldn't make it all at the same time. They still were patient and gave is great great service. Gave us time to mingle and once we ordered, food was right out. We had a great time that eve and all the other eves that we been there. The decorations is highly pleasant to the eyes. The details in every corner are just very delightful and entertaining.
1	I was writing a review about how much I dislike Buca Di Beppo, and it occurred to me that I like this place even less.  I've been to this location before and a few others in different cities.  It's always the same.  I'm looking for something good to eat that would want to bring me back and I've never had that experience here.  Plus there's like a million places in the Southeast Valley that are better, both chain and local.Yeah the inside is nice, it's close to the mall, staff is fine.  Bla bla.  I even had the Mizithra cheese dish that people seem to rave about.  Buttered spaghetti with some cheese on it.  I make a better side dish in 10 minutes at home.  It is inexpensive, but then again so is Fazoli's.  I did kind of feel like they threw my precooked spaghetti into  hot water like they do at Fazoli's, but I just couldn't see them doing it.
5	This place is great.  With your pasta you get piping hot bread, choice of soup or salad, and spumoni or vanilla ice cream to finish your meal.  Prices run around 10 to 14 dollars.  I can't believe it took us so long to come here.The food is not photogenic so I didn't feel compelled to post pics, but what the food lacks in presentation it makes us for it in taste and price.  The decor of the place is a cross between industrial and whimsical with a splash of vintage.  Great experience!  I can't wait to go back.
3	Had dinner at the Old Spaghetti Factory last night with the whole family.  The food was good, the service was good but the cost was way too high for the quality of both.  This was only the second time I had eaten their and in both cases I felt the same.  I guess if you have alot of extra money and want to try something different the Old Spaghetti Factory is your place.  Otherwise their are other places that can give you a better meal for the buck.
2	The best way to describe my experience here last night is, in a word, "meh". I went for a girlie night out with my mom and sister and was less than impressed with this place. We were seated right away, which was nice, and the table was very clean. The server, however, had a "too cool for this" attitude, complete with slumping against the post of our booth. When my soup arrived, it was room temperature, not even warm. My mother's was the same way... I didn't eat much, it wasn't that appetizing. When my main meal came around, (I got the baked chicken), again, my spaghetti was room temperature and the chicken was not that great either; it was definitely on the drier side (however, the Mizithra cheese that they put on the spaghetti was the best thing I've ever eaten). My mom, who ordered the same entree, said hers was about the same as mine only warmer.The bread that we got with our meal was probably the best part. It was flavorful and fresh - very yummy. All in all, decent service, cool decor, mediocre food. I don't know that I'll be returning.
5	Love this place, the food is good and great prices! The ambiance is fun and friendly.
1	Bad food, horrible service.  Nothing redeeming about this place. Believe me, you ate better off eating at the food court in the mall.
3	Attention, all servers everywhere: if you get a family with little or semi-little kids, just assume they will spill something and bring extra napkins as your usual procedure. Esp if u want a good tip.This location is at Chandler mall, right outside the food court/behind Harkins/across from California Pizza Kitchen. Parking is almost always a problem because of all the food places and also Macy's.Don't bother to make reservations.  When you arrive on time, everyone who did not make any will get to go ahead of you! Bread they give is sourdough and it is very sour and tough as nails. The best part is if the butter comes out soft instead of hard...easier to spread but for sone reason, they like to bring it out cold and so it usually ends up being unspreadable.Tortellini is really good. Salad that you get with the tortellini? Mostly iceberg lettuce :/Kids meals are pretty good and we love the triangular crayons. A few of the servers are quite good. Many have forgotten silverware, left us hangin for refills, etc.Dessert included with all meals is ice cream...either vanilla or spumoni. Most will not tell you or offer chocolate sauce on that in case you dont care for spumoni or plain vanilla, so keep that secret in your back pocket if you need to.One time we sat on the patio...waitress turned on a heater overhead for us. At 45 min before closing, the tv went off. We asked the waitress and she was all, "huh.  Not sure why." And never got it back on for us. This visit, the sun was in our eyes and I asked the server if he could put a shade up and the manager came to move us, so that was cool.They have Coke products and I believe a full bar since there is a bar section where you can also sit.There is a train with tables you can sit in...usually those are reserved, but see my comment about reservations above. Some tables have these high-backed velvety chairs and we feel like the royal family when we get those. :) They have a loyalty program. Check in on their tablet when you arrive by punching in your cell # and on 5th time you can get a free lunch item or a discount if it is dinnertime.
2	Bad service. Icky food. Server brought me the wrong drink. I kindly told her it was wrong, which she kept telling me was not true. Finally she realized it was wrong and she told me to keep it while she went and got the correct one. Others at the table drank it and she charged us saying "well. Who drank it?"  Party of 7, and it took nearly 40 minutes for her to separate bills. My first experience at this chain and I have to say I don't think I will ever go back.
5	I actually really love this place; I don't know how you couldn't. The waiters we've had here are the sweetest and are very attentive. The second my tea was empty, it was promptly replenished. WITH a new lemon. Every time. The same went for out salad dishes; they were gone as soon as our salad was done! Cory was seriously one of the best waiters we've ever had. He was kind, attentive and funny and we replay enjoyed his company as a waiter! He had the best timing; I was very impressed. I can honestly say I've never had such great service.Regarding the food, for the money, it is a very great deal. It's cheaper than Olive Garden (which I now hate in comparison) and even includes spumoni. We both started with salads. I love their vinaigrette and the fact that the bowls were cold. We also received some hot bread which was pretty standard.For the actual entree, I had the manager's special with the marinara and the cheese and browned butter sauce (which were both pretty awesome) and my father had the chicken parmesan. He thought the chicken was good, but would have preferred it to be a little thiner, but he scarfed it down (and he is an italian food snob). Otherwise, I mean, come on.. They even have gluten free pasta! That's awesome! We also ordered a side of broccoli which was the perfect compliment to our meal.We finished off with the spumoni (included) and it was the perfect end to a great meal!I am very impressed with this place and will definitely be back!
4	Always enjoy this restaurant, they have great specials on your I phones.
3	I came here around 12pm for lunch on a Friday.  It was empty, so the seating was quick.  Our server was very friendly and very efficient, though that could be because of the empty house as well.  More people came soon after we did, though, and the service remained awesome.  Drinks were replenished promptly, many table visits were made to make sure everything was okay (but not too many that it was annoying), and he even gave us more butter for our bread on time.The bread that came to us was crispy on the outside, tough to get the provided knife through at first...but it came to us fresh and warm, and the inside was soft.  The butter was also soft enough to spread, so that was great.  Each entree comes with a soup or salad and spumoni or vanilla ice cream.  I ordered the clam chowder with my jumbo crab stuffed ravioli, and the chowder was excellent.  It was thick, creamy and delicious.  The crab stuffed ravioli, however, is the very reason I took two stars off this potential 5 star review.  The 6 huge ravioli came out covered with a green pesto sauce, and at first glance, looked delicious.  Upon biting into one of the ravioli, I found the pasta too thick and under cooked.  I peeled the corners apart to find a VERY gooey center.  I'm not one to make complaints at restaurants, but I wish I would've here.  I choked down 4 of the raviolis before giving up and asking for my ice cream.I got delicious, seemingly homemade vanilla ice cream, and that was probably the best part.  I could barely finish it due to the 4 uncooked raviolis filling me up at the time, but it was good ice cream.The decor was nice, very rustic and old-town  themed.  My booth was in a replica of a trolley car.All in all, it was a good starter and finisher, but the star of the show was ruined, therefore 3 stars.
5	My fiance and I visit here regularly. Service is always fast and friendly. Drinks and food are always great. We have never had a bad experience. :)
2	Definitely a "meh" kind of place. I ordered the half and half (spaghetti with meat sauce and spinach ravioli). The meat sauce was very salty and bland. The ravioli was akin to the kind I imagine you would buy from the freezer section at Wal-Mart. The bread tasted like saltine crackers. The service was very good however and the spumoni ice cream was good. My bf really liked the fettucine alfredo. They did offer to replace my entree with something else since I didn't eat it, so I got some fettucine alfredo to go. I have a Groupon to come here with my son for a murder mystery dinner in a few weeks...hopefully the food then will be better.
1	Worst place to eat, food doesn't have any flavor , I had lasagna ,smells and tasted bad, my son had spaghetti with meat balls,, ..  Bad, bad choices .The worst  way to spend your money.
3	We arrived too late to be seated and were quickly told as much the second we walked through the door.But we were hungry and so very pleased to find out they would let us order take out. The food was prepared fast and tasted good. It was my first time eating at this chain so I'm not sure how it normally tastes. I really liked the garlic aioli that came with my pasta. The salad was tasty.The manager Adam Wilcox, accommodated some of our party's particular requests.They have gluten-free options - make sure you order them specifically even if you are ordering off the gluten-free menu.
1	Chicken Caesar Salad: hardly any dressing and a complete lack of flavor.  The chicken was a reheated slab of frozen chicken with soggy breading. You can save yourself the time and get a salad from McDonald's that's probably better.
4	Ah, pasta. One of man kinda greatest food achievements. A food so simply delicious and I believe that this restaurant has some potential. I really wanted to give a 3 star review because my main entree wasn't that memorable but everything else was fantastic so I'm being generous and rounding up to 4 stars for this review.We went on a quiet Monday evening for my step-sisters birthday. The decor was fancy and everything seemed well organized. My first thought was the price of such elegance! Well I was proven wrong because most items were fairly cheap, 9-14 dollars roughly and it was included in their famous 3 course meal. Browsing the cocktail list made me want to try one but I was with my family who frowns upon alcohol so must try one next time I'm there with friends. I had the soup to start and it was hot and delicious. I dipped my bread into the soup and I wanted to get fat just off that! I knew my main entree was coming so had to save room for the good stuff. I ordered a Spaghetti Vesvious? Forgive me I can't remember the correct spelling. It had meatball, chicken and sausage with my choice of angel hair pasta and sauce. The pasta noodles were great but I wasn't stricken by the sauce. Their recipe wasn't to my liking, I would have preferred something else. It wasn't great but wasn't bad so I finished the entire plate. I figure a spaghetti factory would specialize in amazing sauce but I've had better from Oregano's, Olive Garden, etc. The dish seemed to brag about a variety of flavors but I only tasted one, tomato. It was supposed to be spicy I'm guessing because it said made with Tabasco and peppers. Not spicy whatsoever which is why I ordered it. There were so many other things on the menu I wanted to try that sounded so tasty and I probably will not order that dish again but I really want to try the spinach and cheese ravioli! They brought out a scoop of vanilla ice cream which finished the meal perfectly. The waiter was nice but I got the vibe he wanted to be somewhere else. He was attentive but every time I said thank you he wouldn't even acknowledge it. Maybe a bit more personality would help but the service was fine. They sang a personalized happy birthday and I felt bad cause I had already hear them sing about 3 other times. Would love to go back and prove they have that potential and deserve more than 3 stars!
3	This place is mediocre , it's not bad but as an Italian girl living in this crazy world I wanted to go in the back and show the cooks the true meaning of Italian food, it's prices are amazing tho 2 appetizers, 2 teas, and 2 lunch specials came to be 40 something dollars you can't beat that price, the service tho reminded me of a Walmart cashier with the look of death and boredom in there eyes, I would go back because it's cheap if anything get the fried ravioli
2	Food was underwhelming and generic. The atmosphere was nothing special, only highlight was a train car in the main room. If you are a train enthusiast, this could be your place. There was a 30-45 min wait even though the restaurant wasn't even half full. They might have been a little under staffed given it was New Year's Day. There are much better places I'd rather eat.
