4	Some girls from my office recently trekked over to Hilton Village to get us some of these cupcakes for an office birthday celebration.  Wow.  Admittedly, the novelty of cupcakes is lost on me, having done time in the Big Apple where this trend seems to have started up a few years back.  I will say that I was quite happy with the offerings from Cupcakes though.  First of all, they are adorable to look at.  The frosting is piled high and makes it look like a cartoon cupcake.  It's almost hard to eat them, they're so cute.  Not eating a cupcake is unimaginable to me though, so my review won't stop here.  After getting over the cupcakes' beauty, I dug in.  The frosting has a light, airy texture to it but still manages to be sweet enough for a sugar fiend like myself.  The cake portion was tasty too, and they offer a variety of recipes beyond the standard chocolate and vanilla.  That being said, of the ones that I tried, my favorite one was the Tuxedo, which is described as "chocolate cake with a creamy vanilla frosting that is topped with chocolate sprinkles."  Mmmm.They have a regular menu and daily specials which sound tempting enough that I might have to go over there regularly to sample all of these offerings.  Cupcakes also offers a decorate-it-yourself cupcake for kids and a cupcake for dogs.What with the onslaught of cupcake places opening it's going to be tough to choose which one to go to feed your habit.  I say, check out Cupcakes for both cute and tasty factors.  Plus, their motto is "You can have your cupcake and eat it too."  How can you go wrong with that philosophy?
3	I noticed Cupcakes when I was in the Hilton Shopping Center last week, and I made a vow I must go back. Well I tried to go back on Saturday night around seven only to find they closed at six! Six! How sad...cupcakes would have been the perfect dessert that night, but they will only make a good dessert if you eat at an early bird special. Although I am saddened I can't come here as a dessert hang out, I will be back! More later!
3	For me, every cupcake will forever be compared to the cupcakes at Party Favors in Brookline Mass.  And these cupcakes fall terribly short of that bar.I was driving by and thought to myself that a cupcake would make a great dessert so I went in.  The store itself is kind of empty with only a few lonely looking cupcake selections.  I chose the "Bliss", a "a light caramel cake topped with creamy peanut butter frosting."  I'm a huge pb fan and I will eat anything with it.  (I will admit, I was dismayed they had no chocolate and pb option....)  The cake itself was very very dry (could it be because the cupcakes sit out and are not in a case?  I'm not sure)  and the icing was just ok.  The pb cupcakes at Party Favors actually have whole pb cups in the bottom of them as well as pb in the cake part.  In comparison, these were rudimentary and I'm sure that I could make something similar in my own kitchen.  Overall I was not impressed.  In fact, I was so disappointed in the cake portion that I stopped eating it, just ate the frosting, and tossed the remaining cake part in the garbage.  I may go back and try another flavor (but to be honest, they are rather uninspired....)  but its definitely not the first place I would run to if I wanted a cupcake.
4	These are the kind of cupcakes you should eat at the end of a long week.  They are beautiful and at least two varieties have gold-dusted icing.  I taste-tested six flavors with a group of friends.  We liked the Cosmo cupcake, which was the day's special. We all loved the peanut butter frosting (but not the burnt sugar cupcake it sat atop) and the chocolatey-chocolate one.  The Vegan-lemon cupcake was ridiculously yellow -- it seems like vegans might not love eating that much dye.   The cookies and creak frosting was good, but the cake was bad.  The store itself wasn't the best atmosphere - it wasn't cozy at all.  Definitely a take-out location that caters to frosting lovers and aesthetites (if you can grant me the poetic license to say so).  If you love the cake portion, go for the Tammy Coe Ooey Gooey Cupcake at the Tammy Coe/MJ Bread or LGO.
2	Cupcakes - a dessert I've never fully understood, but appreciated nonetheless. This perhaps has something do with the fact that I can cut a slice of cake as big as I want and still count it as just one piece. With cupcakes, however, I find myself satisfying my stubborn sweet tooth with three or four of the tasty little treats.After listening to all the hype regarding these particular cupcakes (second to the blonde bombshell owners), I let go of my reservations and purchased a half-dozen, mile-high frosted cupcakes. At first bite, I was disappointed. The frosting, although rather abundant, was superb, while the cake was dry and bland. Each subsequent cupcake taste test yielded similar results. All in all, the cupcakes (and employees) are nice to look at it, but fail to encourage me to come back for more.
2	I was disappointed at the cupcakes here.  After trying the very yummy ooey gooey Tammie Coe cakes the day before, I set out to see what else Scottsdale had to offer me.  When I couldn't locate Lulu's, I went to Cupcakes.  I was happy to find a case full of 12-16 different flavors to choose from.  I got two of the 'hollywood' - red velvet (my FAVORITE), two of the 'tuxedo' - chocolate/vanilla frosting, the 'rich and famous' - chocolate/chocolate (points for the cool gold-dusted frosting) and a 'skinny mini' - lemon.The cakes looked good, and the selection was great, but I thought the cakes were dry and there was too much frosting.  Chocolate wasn't chocolatey enough, and the red velvet was dry and strangely salty. :( Plus, even though they gave me cupcake holders in the box, they kept falling over at the slightest bit of movement (including transfer from car to hotel room).
2	I don't have a sweet tooth, I have 28 of them.  That being said, my husband and I stopped by on a Tuesday afternoon, and were sorely disappointed in the sparse selection-maybe 4 or 5 varieties at best.  I had the "Tuxedo" (chocolate cake with vanilla frosting), while my husband tried the Rich and Famous (chocolate on chocolate).  We both found the cake to be average.  The vanilla frosting was plentiful and satisfyingly sweet.  The chocolate frosting was another disappointment, lacking that "oh my god" factor you hope for in a chocolate dessert.Even more disappointing we would soon find out is the customer service.  My husband attempted to special order a cupcake creation and was rudely told "we don't do that."  He tried to explain all he wanted was a "cake" assembled from cupcakes arranged together and frosted as a whole.  Their response was the same.  Interesting since their website indicates they "welcome" special orders.If your only requirement in a cupcake is gobs of frosting with a price tag to match, make the trip.  Otherwise, start baking.
2	The best thing about Cupcakes is the display case.  It's was a really neat copy of Sprinkle's style.As for the cupcake itself, it was a cloyingly sweet frosting on a dry carrot cake.  Something I would have expected at my local Albertson.  Not really worth the drive or the $3.25 price tag.
4	OK, I like this place.  I like the fact that a couple of cute sisters decided to take on the big boys (knowing Sprinkles was on it's way), and I think they've done a darn good job.  My only negative comment would be that their space is huge and they only utilize about a third of it.  I can imagine a really cute decor, but sadly, it remains kind of sparse. It makes you want to go eat your cupcake outside.I looooove red velvet with vanilla frosting and theirs is particularly good.  I've had them at Buttercream and Magnolia in NY, and this one competes.  The cake part is moist and the top has a little "crunch" to it under the frosting.  Having said that, they do go a little overboard on the frosting.  It makes the cupcakes look beautiful but I sometimes feel like I'm going to pass out (or explode) from sugar shock when I eat a whole one.I bought into the Sprinkles hype when they first opened, and I can't dog them.  They do a nice job and I will pop in there now and then.  However, my heart belongs to Cupcakes.  I like to support the little guys.
2	Well, it is awfully reminiscent of 'Sprinkles', except Sprinkles has better tasting cupcakes. Their frosting is really good though, I have to admit that I ate all the frosting, but then pitched the cupcake into the trash can because it was dry and tasteless. (I should mention that their cupcakes are a bit on the pricey side -- so one would expect them to at least taste as good as they cost.) I do go back whenever I'm in Scottsdale, only because it's in the same shopping center as Houston's (which is only one of my favorite restaurants ever), but I only go back because my kids want to go to 'the cupcake place' so they can eat some frosting. Then afterwards, they pitch their cupcakes into the trash can, too.
3	I'm a cupcake fan and I'll buy one if I'm sold on presentation.But I walked in here, and I wasn't enticed to buy any cupcakes. Why? I'm not sure. Something about the presentation of the cupcake...I wasn't impressed.
2	Being a bakers daughter....I know cupcakes! I LOVE LOVE them but Iam a harsh critic...the store itself is cute and the girls who own it are sweet and LOCAL...huge plus in their favor. The cupcakes are pretty but pretty doesnt make my tummy happy. The cake is dry and tasteless...like said before there is a ton of frosting (which I love ) but even that is just eh...I want a great cupcake place...someone someone help a sister out
3	I want to like Cupcakes.   When entering  and looking at the cupcakes  I found that I wasn't as enticed as I 'd like to be. The cupcakes had names like Tuxedo,  Skinny Minny and Surprise but the airbrush special effect on some of them made me not want one. Frosting on each one was piled high and looked "good". I chose a Tuxedo one   ( chocolate cake , white frosting)   hoping for a mouth watering decadent treat. But sad to say it tasted just a step above a  Safeway cupcake. It tasted good. I finished it , naturally. But I  wouldn't bother stopping again unless I had small kids in the car. It's  a cute concept...but....  ah   ... no.
1	Quite simply, this is the worst cupcake that has ever passed my lips. A student brought some in for his birthday this past week, and offered me and some of his other teachers one. I had the opportunity to try two flavors- a vanilla and a coconut-topped. Both cake flavors were off- way off. The batter was not mixed well and had chunks of un-fully-incorporated ingredients in it. It was the heaviest cupcake I have ever had, and tasted as if it had been baked two weeks ago and recently thawed (that was part of the "off" flavor to me). The frosting was one note: hella-sweet. I even overheard some kids complaining about it, and if that does not speak volumes, I don't know what would. The frosting was also exceedingly dense, and did not taste fresh. I normally love frosting and would never have complained about the copious amount on these cupcakes- if it had actually tasted even a little bit good. I may be a harsher critic than some, as I used to bake professionally, but seriously, people, you'll get a better product and save yourself a ton of money if you go with Betty Crocker.
4	I really like Cupcake's cupcakes! really moist and they give you lots of frosting so you can decide how much to use. i don't like their vanilla flavored cupcakes at all so stick with the chocolate, red velvet, cosmopolitan or my fav the peanut butter filled chocolate. stay away from the cookies and cream too. not a fan. i also wish they sold them in sets of  4 like sprinkles. sometimes 2 is too few and 6 is too many... but overall, i really enjoy their cupcakes
3	After a disappointing lunch today, I needed a little sumpin' sumpin' to get the juices flowing again.I was on my way back to the office after my lunch meeting and trying think of what I might want and surprisingly, a sweet treat came to mind.I didn't want to make the 45 mile drive from Lincoln and Scottsdale Rd. to Lulu's on McDowell and Sprinkles...well I said I wanted a "treat", so that leaves Sprinkles right out.I swung into Hilton Village (really, there is not a "village" there, so that's misleading...there's not even a Hilton there...it's across that little street...why do they try to confuse us?) for a cup cake at the aptly named CupCakes.Sometimes, you need a little sweet treat to get you back on track and headed back toward that successful life you left behind just before lunch.Sometimes, all it takes is a cup cake, sometimes it takes more (much, much more...but that's a story for another time).Today, I decided to get a cup cake from CupCakes before resorting to much stronger medication.The good news for me (and for the public at large) is that the cup cake from CupCakes worked! Now we're all safe!I had a Blondie (vanilla cup cake/vanilla icing)...is there really anything better than the sweet flavor of vanilla? You may call it bland, but I call it "subtle":)Pretty good cup cake today at CupCakes (this feels like I'm trying to write dessert in the desert twenty times). They were "on their game".The cake was moist and fresh and the icing was sweet and plentiful. Very tasty!CupCakes has been hit and miss in the past when I've gone in, but today was a good day.BTW, is the cup cake trend just about over? Even those masters of PR over substance at Sprinkles seem empty when I go by...although at $3.50 to $4.00 per cup cake, none of these guys need to sell very many cup cakes to make the rent.
3	I ordered half a dozen to take home and try. My favorite was the Pure (White chocolate cake topped with a fluffy coconut cream frosting) It was the cupcake I felt had the best tasting cake, along with great tasting frosting.Like most cupcake places the frosting outshines the cake itself. While the cake in my Tuxedo or Red Velvet wasn't dry at all (in fact very moist) they didn't have a lot of taste. This seems to be typical of cupcake places, including "Sprinkles". And its the only reason why I gave this place 3 stars and not 4 or 5.I dont rate this place any higher or lower than the Scottsdale "Sprinkles". Cupcakes has has been open longer than the Scottsdale version of the "Sprinkles", but probably not longer than the original Beverly Hills "Sprinkles" I dont mark it down points for originally, since I like the design in both places.
2	It's like a Hollywood movie -- a quickly shifting melange of love, hate, contempt, and indigestion. An apt analogy for a place that names the flavors in retarded LA fashion, such as "Rich and Famous", "Skinny Mini", and "Blondie", and even glazes the top of each cupcake with luminescent gold powder just as heavily as a PV girl piles on Orgasm blush (and is just as shimmery). I'd had a big lunch, so thought the vegan lemon "Skinny Mini" was apropos. The first two or three bites? Heaven. Freaking heaven. Then some funky aftertaste set in and my pancreas curdled trying to squirt out enough insulin to get all that freaking sugar gone. My SO got the red velvet one, which was a LOT better than my vegan monstrosity, and he even generously declared it the best cupcake he'd ever had. I stared longingly as he gulped his all down, not offering to share more than the one initial taste. I tried to pawn off the remnants of the Mini on him, but even he couldn't stomach it. Sadly, we ended up pitching half of it. And at $3.50 or something per, that's a waste. Will I try it again? If I'm in the neighborhood, and you can bet your taut, spray-tanned ass that I will be going for the full fat version this time.
3	We were having dinner in the area and decided to get dessert at Cupcakes. It was almost closing time and they only had about 6 cupcakes left: one Tuxedo (chocolate cake with vanilla frosting) and about five Mimosa (orange cake with champagne/orange frosting). I swear the Tuxedo had 1/4 lb of frosting! That little cupcake was heavy! The frosting was good, the cake a little dry and nothing special. The Mimosa was disappointing. The frosting was gummy, and the taste was nothing like the drink, more like an (very sweet) orange hard candy. The cake part was bland and like the chocolate one, a bit dry. That being said, I would like to try other flavors. What can I say, I love cake!
2	If you like cupcakes with zero taste, but tons of frosting AND being treated like you're not good enough to be there, then this is the place for you.My husband and I went there today, and we probably won't go again. First off, their selection of flavors is pretty small, especially compared to LuLu's, down on McDowell. When I asked what the "Momo" flavor was, she rattled off something quickly, and then said, "Look up on the board. All of our flavors are listed there." I'm pregnant and I thought I might have been having an irrational moment, because I thought that was rude. As soon as we walked outside, my normally uber calm husband says, "If you don't want to explain to someone one flavor of your cupcakes, maybe you shouldn't have a cupcake shop. That girl was a batch." (spelled correctly). I couldn't agree more. And my cupcake was lame, to boot. The 4lbs of icing were just okay, and the cake part was super bland. For $3.50, I expect a lot more flavor and a lot less attitude. Disappointing.
3	A good start but still a ways to go. The frosting was very good but I felt the cup cake itself was only slightly better than a Betty Crocker mix. I tried 6 flavors, the Baily's was my favorite. Nice, friendly service, not overly expensive, but no where near a Crumbs or Sprinkles. I'd love to see this local spot do well, work on the cake and you'll get there.
3	The cupcakes here are hit or miss.  The cake on many of the flavors is really dry.  They all usually have way too much frosting too.  However, the PB&J cupcake is really good!  The cake is moist and has a delicate grape jelly flavor.  The PB frosting is piled high, but is good and not too sweet.  The PB&J isn't usually around all of the time.  Overall, I will come back for the PB&J for myself and to buy a box for clients.
1	I've been here at least five times and the cupcakes have gradually gone down hill everytime I've come in.    The main reason I gave it one star is due to the girl/owner that works there.  She is very abrupt and rude.   She's like that everytime I come in.   I asked her about the cupcake special they had listed on their website and she told me the website is old and they are redoing it and don't honor anything on the website.   I also asked her about some of the flavors and she told me to look at the board all the flavors were explained there.   I will not go here again due to the poor service and cupcakes going down hill in quality and flavor.
2	I LOVE cake!  I love cupcakes!  It's really difficult for me to give this place 2 stars because I want so badly to like it.  I have visited this place a total of 5 times, and each time the owners are so rude.  Most of the time they don't have all of the cupcake flavors they should have for that day, so it's not unusual to choose from a mere 3 flavors.  I would say their cupcakes are average tasting, but they look pretty.As business owners you would think that they would be significantly more helpful and pleasant to their customers.   Every time I have been there they are either on the phone and couldn't be bothered by my presence or act like they would rather be doing something/anything else.  My thought is that they should hire someone pleasant to deal the actual "selling" part of their business.
1	randomly drove by and decided to stop as I was visiting from Los Angeles and was in Scottsdale for the weekendwalked in on a saturday around 3pm. Some blonde girl, met us at the counter and i asked what cupcakes are available. With an attitude, no smile, no hello... she said the only cupcakes left are the mimosa.. 2 of them.. a whole 2 cupcakes total, for a cupcake store... either A, their business is too good and they sold out by 3pm, or b they got lazy and baked too few... #1 if i was trying to sell cupcakes, i'd damn well make sure i have enough cupcakes to finish the day... Maybe these girls think that selling out is cool, but honestly, there was no line. So why lose customers due to a shortage. At $3.00+ a cupcake that is almost pure profit... i looked at the cupcake and they looked deflated. Unappetizing. If i'm going to pay top dollar for a cupcake, you would want the experience. When I was leaving, I then realized the blonde girl was one of the owners. Wow, that's even worse when the owner doesn't even give a potential customer a smile and a hello. By the way, to anyone reading this, there is a sprinkles cupcake down the road. At least over there, they will give you a hello... I wish I had something nice to write...P.S.:  FYI, it's pretty sad when there are 31 reviews and not 1 of them is a 5 star review... at least these girls should have their friends put in some fake reviews!After seeing Cupcake wars, it makes sense that they were the first to get booted off the show... lol...
3	Back when Armoire Home was still in business I used to work in the same plaza as Cupcakes. My boss would frequently send me down to get us both cupcakes since he had a sweet tooth.I don't really like sweet things but I'm a huge fan of their birthday cupcake. It's SO good. I think if it was possible my mom would eat here every day. I used to bring her a new cupcake every time I saw her and then when we had tried everything, they added new stuff to the menu!There were many times that I would go in and they would give me a freebies because they were about to close and they would end up in the trash anyways. I've always gotten great friendly service but then again...I was a fellow employee of that plaza and things are kind of tight knit down there and dare I even say cliquey. I could have been getting biased treatment and if that's true...that's really unfair. You should treat all of your customers well!Personally I don't like sweet stuff so I think the cupcakes generally have way too much frosting but like I said, the people I know with big sweet tooths always had nothing but great things to say.
2	When you first walk into Cupcakes you're greeted by silence and the bakery's dark (they only turn on a couple of lights and those for the counter in the back of the shop) cheesy aqua decor. The cupcakes are on display about a foot behind a hanging protective Plexiglas, although it doesn't provide a lot of protection at that distance. Under each kind of cupcakes is a taped-on paper label and on the wall above is a full menu explaining each variety. Don't count on any help or suggestions from the staff (AKA the owner) because, at almost $4 per cupcake, apparently she is doing YOU a favor. This especially when she boxes your cupcakes with her bare hand. I ordered the Skinny Mini (vegan lemon), Hollywood (red velvet), Vanilla w/Chocolate Chips, and a Party Animal. I enjoyed the Skinny Mini. It had good flavor and texture and I really liked that it was a vegan option. The Hollywood was also good. It reminded me of my own recipe. The vanilla cake and party animal were terrible. Both were a crumbly, flavorless mess.The cupcakes are pricey and risky and the service was not satisfactory. I will be keeping a far distance from Cupcakes. Well actually I'll be a mile down the street at Sprinkles, where I've never had a bad cupcake and the service makes me feel valued.
3	3.5 stars in my book. This is a decent cupcake. I rationalize the price by thinking of a restaurant dessert costing $6+, generally speaking. From that perspective, a cupcake is half the price of dessert someplace else! Know that these aren't huge. In fact, they're very average size cupcakes. You'll have 8-10 flavors to choose from with the daily flavors including (taken from their website): Rich and Famous - Dark chocolate cake filled and topped with rich chocolate frosting then brushed with gold luster. Blondie - Vanilla cake filled topped with creamy vanilla frosting brushed with luster dust and one edible pearl. Skinny Mini - Lemon cake topped with a luscious lemon frosting and canary yellow luster dust. This cupcake is vegan. Hollywood - Red cocoa cake frosted with fluffy cream cheese frosting and brushed with gold luster dust. Tuxedo - It is chocolate cake with a creamy vanilla frosting that is topped with chocolate sprinkles. Brunette - Pure vanilla cake, with creamy chocolate frosting. Momo - Cinnamon and sugar cake, with vanilla butter cream frosting, topped with cinnamon and sugar crunch. The descriptions for every flavor are on the menu board (up high) on the wall behind the counter. On my visit, the girl working the counter was very patient in answering my repeated "What's a... (insert cupcake flavor)?" questions. In fact, she never even said, "Hey, dummy! Can you read? It's right there on the wall behind me!" I said it to myself, though, after I ordered my brunette cupcake and sat down to dig in taking in the somewhat sparse decor. There IS a ton of frosting, but you can grab a fork and scrape off what you don't want. It works well for my cupcake eating style, which is to break the cupcake across the middle (creating a top and bottom) and share the frosting with the new frosting-less half. I still don't use all the frosting. I'll admit, when I drove PAST the more famous (and already familiar) cupcake spot to get to this place, I began to second guess my decision; but, after enjoying my sweet treat, I was able to rest assured I had make the right choice!
2	I am a self-admitted cupcake fiend.  I love baking them, eating them, looking at them, watching tv shows about them...needless to say I don't take cupcakes lightly.  I have to be honest I have not been very impressed with CCs in my multiple visits.  Coming from Tempe, I usually stop at Sprinkles because it reminds me of back home and I can always rely on a consistently good product.  Sometimes when I want a different flavor cupcake I venture up to Hilton Village to get something from CCs.I really do enjoy the menu that they have and it offers a lot of options when ordering.  I don't mind the frosting either, I like a lot with my cupcakes.  What really turns me off is the service.  I have been to CCs about a dozen times and I am always treated like I'm some kind of inconvenience.  I am very understanding when it comes to a couple bad experiences because I understand not everyone has a good day every day.  But really, after my last trip I decided that I don't need to be treated badly, especially after paying so much.My advice to consumers, go to Sprinkles right next to fashion square.  The quality is just as good, prices comparable, and the service is much better.  My advice to the owners, be grateful that you are doing something that you love and are passionate about and be thankful for the customers you do have by treating them well.
2	Me no likey...They're pretty. They're dry.They're SALTY.I'd rather have one from Safeway. Honestly.
5	I haven't had the opportunity to have one of the fabulous cupcakes from Cupcakes, but I can tell you that they are awesome to work with.  I wanted to order a dozen cupcakes for my Bestie's birthday and have them delivered to the bar where he'd be celebrating.  Not only were they able to do this for me, but Stephanie (one of the owners) even called the bar to coordinate drop off.  My friend loved the cupcakes and he's a real connoisseur.  :)
1	I have to agree with the others....service here sucks!!  Very snotty which is expected when entering snottsdale, but geeez!Love the mimosa cupcake, but it's not worth being treated badly.Maybe they could look into hiring some sweet high school girls that smile :) just sayin...
5	I love this place! Next party I host it will definitely have these cupcakes instead of a traditional cake.  I had a fine experience with service and I have to say this place far exceeds a sprinkles cupcake any day.  Best frosting and I love the cake too! If you are in the area you have to stop in : )
1	Horrible customer service.  We won't be back.  Been here a handful of times and each time is worst than the previous visit.  Even when we were the only ones in the shop, we were not greeted ~ not even a smile.I was halfway home before I realized we were never given the bottles of water that we paid for.  My daughter saw firsthard why we won't be returning.
1	I stopped in one afternoon with a friend  to satisfy our sweet craving. I had read the reviews that the cupcakes were supposed to be fabulous.The owner (whose photograph was on the walls)  was busy chatting on her cell phone and totally ignored us as we looked at the cupcakes. I wanted to ask a question about the days cupcake menu since it was only about noon and there wasnt very many cupcakes to choose from in the case. She finally took a break from gossiping about some woman and we ordered a vanilla cupcake. It tasted pretty good, but I didnt fall off my seat. In fact, the cake itself was filled with many good sized airholes and was fairly dry. I mentioned to my friend that the frosting was "pretty" and the woman took that moment away from her cell phone to tell me that they are "known" for their airbrushed frosting...then went back to babbling on her phone. I was appalled at the customer service being so unprofessional especially since it was one of the owners. She wasnt rude, but she wasnt friendly or customer service oriented at all. She acted more like a college kid talking about last nights party than a business woman in Scottsdale.All in all, I was very underwhelmed.
1	Geeze, I get that this is "Snottsdale" but give me a break.I know that the owners are Orange County born and bred like I was, which means we're supposed to be snotty little tan platinum blondes that shellac our faces with MAC but I'm over that phase and I think if you want to own a business you should get over it too.I've been here twice and both times whichever owner is behind the counter has acted like she's too good to serve her customers, like were bothering her (ugh, as if). So sorry for wanting one of the pretty-looking little cupcakes on display, you know; the ones you sell so that you stay in business? The ones that the people you aren't treating so well are buying from you.The cupcakes are really pretty, there's no denying that, they taste ok and are great if you want a sweet treat but you can get cupcakes almost anywhere so why go somewhere that won't appreciate your business and obviously just wants you there because somebody wants another Louis Vuitton? (Whatever!)
1	My mother and I went to this sad, sad shop a few months ago after I had my son. The girl behind the counter was anything but friendly, and stared at me and my baby like we were carrying the plague. They only had 4 flavors of cupcakes, 3 of which were basic flavors that were so laden with frosting that I couldn't believe it! After receiving such terrible customer service that my mom and I didn't even want to try Cupcakes anymore, we thought "Eh, we're here anyway..." and we bought 4- one for each person at home. The cake was nothing to write home about and the fact that there was about 1/2 cup of frosting on my cupcake was quite suspicious. Maybe they were making up for sweetness in frosting for what the very cranky counter girl lacked? Definitely not worth how much they charge and would rather get my cupcake fix elsewhere.
5	I have a had a couple of cupcakes from this little cupcake shop that I only recently found out about and I must say, these are the best cupcakes I have ever had.  They haunt my dreams and it has taken all of my willpower to not march into that shop every day and leave with a dozen.  The service may suck, I have not personally been in yet, but the cupcakes are TO DIE FOR.  I do not condone horrible attitudes, at all, but I must at least review the cupcakes as they are all I've experienced and eating them takes me to a heaven I never knew existed.  They are pure ecstasy.
5	This place rules.Get the MoMo (cinnamon sugar) or the the peanut butter/chocolate one (forgot the name)!Don't forget to get some ice cold Shamrock Farms milk with it. They keep it ultra cold. It is the coldest beverage I have ever had without being frozen haha.Perfect!Edit to add: I don't know about the other posters, but my customer service is always top notch. The only people I see working are the two blonde girls that own it and they are always really nice and friendly.If it really bothers you when people don't ALWAYS give you big cheesy smiles and worship you when you as soon as you enter a business...good luck in the real world!
1	I stopped in in the afternoon (maybe around 4?) and the selection was very slim, so I ended up going with the 2 basics--vanilla, and the tuxedo (chocolate with vanilla frosting).  My husband had the vanilla and said it was ok.  I had the tuxedo...honestly, it tasted like it was made from a cheap boxed cake mix--Not that the boxed mixes taste bad, but for $3.50 each, I want better than box.  My husband didn't mention the moistness of the vanilla one, but the tuxedo one was way too moist--like falling apart while I was trying to eat it.  I ended up throwing half of it away because it was getting too messy and just wasn't that good.  My suggestion, drive a few more minutes down Scottsdale Rd. and go to Sprinkles.
3	My friends and I did a "Cupcake Crawl" for a 40th birthday celebration.  This was out fourth stop.  I read the reviews before going and went in expecting poor customer service, but was pleasantly surprised.  I thought the gal behind the counter was very friendly and helpful.  I thought the cupcakes were a little plain looking, even with the air-brushing (which I didn't even notice until it was specifically called out).  We tried 3 different cupcakes:1) Cupcake of the Month: PB&J - Grape jelly cake with creamy peanut butter frosting.  2) Skinny Mini - Lemon cake topped with a luscious lemon frosting (Vegan).3) Mimosa - Orange cake iced with champagne orange icing. The Mimosa looked a bit sad on the shelf. It was the last one and the icing looked flat and not too appetizing, but let me just say that you should never judge a book by its cover!  Of the three we tasted, this one was the winner in the taste department.The PB&J was a close second.  The cake didn't really taste like grape jelly but it was moist and tasted good.  The peanut butter frosting was really tasty and I liked the little dab of grape jelly on the top.The Skinny Mini was a bit disappointing. Of the vegan cupcakes I've tried at various places, unfortunately this was probably the worst. The cake was very dense and had an odd flavor.  The lemon frosting was its saving grace. It was quite yummy!All in all, if I were in the neighborhood, I might stop by again to try one of the other flavors, but I don't think I'd go out of my way to stop here.
1	Be Forewarned - HORRIBLE Experience.The words CUPCAKE and HORRIBLE should never have to be connected in the same thought IMHO.  Bought a GROUPON and was excited to get gourmet cupcakes at a decent price.  After MONTHS of leaving messages and trying to actually use the Groupon, nothing.  What kind of business owner won't return calls for business?  I had been a customer prior to the Groupon. Their cupcakes are drier and not nearly as good as Sprinkles or others in the valley, but were closer to where I am.  With this horrible customer service, Cupcakes has now lost my business for good.
3	Service: Always great, the two blonde girls working the counter are always so sweet!Selection: Go early!  They make everything in the morning (only) so they don't restock.  If you go after 3ish, you aren't going to have many choices.Cupcakes: Usually dense, with a ton of frosting.  It's a good idea to split one, because they are so rich.  But - delicious none the less.  I'm a fan - but there is definitely better!
2	So I had heard amazing things about this place and have wanted to give it a try for a long time. I am the type of person that when I go somewhere or travel I try to find one new cupcake joint in the area to try. After living in NYC where you can find some of the best cupcakes I may have higher expectations than most but I was disappointed with the cupcakes here. I don't know if I got a bad batch or what but I got four varying flavors of cupcakes and brought them home to my family. We went halfsies and each tried multiple different flavors and were not impressed with any that we had tried. The frosting tasted stale and hard when you bit into it and the cake part tasted like the cupcakes had been out for a couple days. Out of all of them my favorite if you can call it favorite was momo - but it still was at the bottom of my list in comparison to other local places I have tried.
5	This review is LONG overdue!   But it can't wait any longer because time is running out on this month's cupcake of the month the "Salty", a sea salt sprinkled caramel delight.   If you're a fan of sea salt caramel cupcakes you need to try the one from here; quite possibly the best I've ever had!!!Seriously, even if salted caramel cupcakes aren't your thing, any cupcake connoisseur worthy of their yelp ink needs to check this place out.   Some yelpers obviously are less thrilled than I but having tried all the greats myself in NYC, Chicago, LA, SF, and dozens of other places, the cupcakes here are my flat-out favorite.     I'm not saying Cupcakes is "perfect".  They do run out of stock later in the day, aren't open 7 days a week (closed on Sunday) or past 6 PM, and have perhaps a couple other non-cupcakes areas in which they could improve.   For these reasons, I thought of giving a four star rating but let's face it the single most important thing about a cupcake store are the cupcakes themselves.   And with that simple thought and with the ones at Cupcakes in my opinion being the best, Cupcakes get five stars.So will YOU like Cupcakes?   Well, these are *not* of the light and fluffy box-mix made-at-home variety that some love.  The cake in the cupcakes at Cupcakes (say that 10x fast!) are very dense but still quite moist.   So if the prior is your thing, you'll find other places more to your liking.  Furthermore, whipped or super creamy frosting lovers need not apply.  While it will depend somewhat on which type of cupcake you order, the frosting used at Cupcakes is the perfect classic buttercream where you can almost sense the sugar granules melting in your mouth with each bite.  Those of you who love this type of frosting know exactly what I'm saying and Cupcakes gets it very right!     This makes for a very rich cupcake which is exactly what I love.  At the same time, being so rich, don't expect to be able to put down a six pack of them.    And yes, they do run out so get there early but do get there!STILL WITH ME?    More details...Showing my somewhat crazy cupcake addiction, the conclusion above wasn't just from a few simple visits; oh no...   We're talking a personal quest to find the best "vanilla" cupcake anywhere which spanned a long time and involved going to multiple cupcake places on the same day sometimes several times a week.  Favorites stayed in the contest, clear losers dropped, and new contenders were added.  For Scottsdale, it all came down to two:   Sprinkles and Cupcakes.    For a long time I had a hard time picking between the two even resorting to blind taste tests.  Over time however, I started to recognize and dislike the sponginess of the Sprinkles cake.   I don't know but it almost seems like Sprinkles is adding some sort of non-natural ingredient in an effort to artificially preserve the perception of freshness which gives it an ever so slight sponge-like texture.   Next time you go, try a Sprinkles cupcake alongside a cupcake from somewhere else and see if you notice the same.  Frosting-wise I had a similar revelation.  At first I found the two pretty close but the Sprinkles frosting gathers a lot of its sweetness from the sprinkles that are placed in it.   This deconstruction leaves the Sprinkles frosting just a bit too sugar like.  The Cupcakes frosting certainly won't leave you longing for sugar and I just found their integrated approach, as I said before, to give the perfect result.     While my quest was to find the perfect vanilla cupcake, I also really like the "Pure" a white-chocolate coconut special, their take on the classic Red-Velvet, and several others I tried.    I personally haven't had the other chocolate variants but would imagine them to be quite amazing as well.When you do go, say hi to Stephanie one of the co-owners and masterminds behind Cupcakes who is often working there and truly terrific! Enjoy!TRIVIA* Store featured in Lifetime Network mini series* Picked as Challengers on Food Network's Cupcake Wars* Featured on E! Television's "What's Eating You?"* Numerous other magazine articles, celeb quotes, and events
1	I went to Cupcakes for my first time while visiting a friend in Scottsdale.  I bought a chocolate peanut butter and one of the skinny lemons.  The woman boxed my cupcakes as requested, as I ordered them to go.  The cupcakes were individually boxed in carry out boxes, with the label on the top of the box.  However, for reasons I can't understand, instead of sitting the cupcake at the bottom of the box, the cupcakes were placed on their sides.  This caused them to get smooshed and all of the icing was stuck to the top of the box.  I have posted a picture of the lemon one, which I did not even try to eat.  The chocolate peanut butter I did actually try, and it wasn't very impressive.I will never go back to Cupcakes, and I would suggest everyone try Sprinkles instead.  The cupcakes are the same price and are properly packaged, as well as taste amazing.  Much better experiences, in fact I went back to Sprinkles twice!
1	This is a long overdue review from a visit last year, but happened to see this while looking for a cake bakery on Yelp.  This place is horrible- customer service is not in their vocabulary.  We bought a groupon and when we went to use it they said that we will have to be on a wait list because they ran out of cupcakes and to call back.  We left several, several messages without a response back.   If you want great honest reviews and people raving about your product, listen to those leaving negative reviews and treat your customers with respect.
1	dryed supper sweet  yuch
1	I would NOT recommend this place to anyone.  I buy desserts for my clients all of the time and decided to try this place to see if it could be my new go-to cupcake place near my house.First of all when I think gourmet bakery I expect to walk in to a well lit, pretty place... not the case; this place was dark and gloomy & I was suprised to see they only had about 8 cupcakes left which were not looking so cheery.  Second of all when I think gourmet cupcakes I expect a beautiful presentation both on the box & the cupcake itself... not the case; they tried to send me away with my cupcake in a chinese food container.  WTF!!!!  It was almost laughable, why am I paying $4 for a cupcake then?  It's not because it cost that much to make them!!  Like I'm really going to bring my client a cupcake in a chinese food box HA.Lastly, I should mention that the Scottsdale BIMBO who worked the counter was so rude, not helpful, never smiled once & acted as if I was intruding on her day.  I'm so sick of walking into retail stores in Scottsdale and being served by girls like these... I'm sorry things didn't work out with your sugar daddy & your broke but honey don't blame the rest of the world!!  Why don't you put your cell phone down for a minute and smile when YOUR customer walks through the door... is that just too much to ask?Oh and the cupcakes were dry.
5	Let me say, I don't understand these negative reviews. I have been a long time fan of this shop. They did the cupcakes for my sweet 16 four years ago, and again for my 18th birthday. I just love them, the girls in the store are so sweet and the cupcakes never fail me. Please don't let these negative reviews stop you from stopping by! In my opinion their red velvet is WAY better than sprinkles, less food coloring flavor.
1	Very dry, cake fell apart. Frosting a bit stale. I've now tried this place twice & won't go back.
4	Yummy cupcakes! I tried the red velvet and the birthday one and both were top notch!
4	I don't get what all the fuss is about. I like these cupcakes! The vegan lemon is my favorite. I think they are way better than sprinkles, although I've gotta admit..if you go in the afternoon you're bummin'.
