5	I have fallen in love with a non chain restaurant less than a mile from my house....In Surprise, AZ I never thought this would happen!Vogue Bistro is a small place with a lot of style. When you walk in there is a large bar to the right, the kitchen straight back, and a huge black chandelier in the middle of the dining room. Above the bar is a large flat screen TV with an ornate gold frame with old Hollywood movies and fashions shows on loop. There is a large patio with fans and misters and looks very comfortable. The theme is fashion without being over the top and still man friendly, as my husband put it. They bill themselves as contemporary American with French techniques. The menu is small but reasonably priced. They offer daily specials and on the night we came there where four. Just a warning the menu goes up to about $15 an entree but the specials can be much more. My husband had Alaskan King Salmon with snow crab, he was in heaven, but as you could imagine it was a pricier dish. We started off with wine, they have a pretty decent list, and appetizers. I had the bruchetta ($3) toppings change daily but I had the tomato basil and it was very tasty.  The plate had 3 pieces of bruchetta and it was just enough to start the pallet. My husband had the calamari ($4) once again a perfect portion for one. I had the steak frites ($15) and it was divine. I was surprised by the size of the steak, a lot larger than I have had in similar restaurants and it was served with a huge serving of the shoestring "Vogue" fries. They were crispy and light and tasted really good in the peppercorn sauce that was served with the steak. My husband also tried one of their "designer" martini's and was served from the shaker at table side. We ended dinner with a pineapple tart which was tasty. The menu has panini's and burgers priced around $8-$9 and they all looked good coming from the kitchen. I am looking forward to trying more things on their menu and exploring the wine list a bit more!
4	What a lovely surprise located in...well...Surprise! Mr. Hottie and I decided to have dinner somewhere different. The plan was left to me so I decided to head out to Surprise. I have heard some rumblings of a new bistro out there so I hopped on Yelp to look it up. I made a reservation for 8pm and headed out the door. When we arrived we were immediately struck by the nice decor and cool music. We were greeted warmly and had to wait only a few moments to be seated. We got a nice dimly lit corner table, perfect. We surveyed the patrons, while the website does say the attire is casual, I wouldn't suggest coming in shorts and a t-shirt. Those who did, didn't look like they belonged. Maybe shorts and a polo? Maybe. Anyway, onto our visit. Our hostess seated us and asked us if we had been there before. We responded no and she went on to thank us for our visit and welcome us to the bistro. What was cool about her greeting was that it wasn't like she was running through a script in her mind, it was actually a genuine welcome! No dead behind the eyes Scottsdale hostess here! Our waitress, Jessica was friendly and bubbly. She usually worked the lunch shift so she was a tad shaky on dinner service but we were forgiving. She was doing a great job and trying really hard to make sure we were happy. We started out with a martini. Mr. Hottie had a "Stuffed Goose" which is Grey Goose with stuffed blue cheese olives. I had the Valentino, a pomegranate martini. We both enjoyed our cocktails. We also ordered a 2004 petit syrah to go with our dinner. Ahh.. dinner. Let's start with the appetizer. (Tree hugger/PETA member beware) We ordered the foie gras. The plate was very unceremoniously dropped onto our table by a food runner. She didn't even announce what the food was, just sort of plopped it in front of us and said "There ya go!". Not kidding. Oh well, a minor hiccup. While I was expecting a nice seared piece of duck liver, we got something more in the line of pate. It came with hunks of toast and a compote of apple and figs. It was still VERY delicious. Not as savory as a seared piece of liver, it was still very yummy and I will get it again. We also shared a beet and goat cheese salad. I grew up thinking that I detested beets. They came out of a can, and they tasted like pennies. WRONG. I actually got coaxed into trying beets again and they were so yummy! The goat cheese with the beets were great! The bed of arugula was a little much for me, but that's a personal choice.  Mmm Dinner...We both ordered something from the Chef's entrees of the day. Don't be sad when you see the small dinner menu. The chef adds about 3-4 entrees onto that. Mr. Hottie ordered the thick cut pork chop topped with an apple and bacon mixture, and on the side was broccolini and curried cauliflower, talk about savory and spicy (not HOT but just full of flavor). The pork chop was perfectly cooked, if you like your pork chop well done. It wasn't too dry and the meat was moist and tender. The curried cauliflower was crisp and fresh, not at all mushy.  I had the duck breast with sticky rice, cabbage rolls and a slice of roasted pineapple on the bottom. It was DIVINE. The duck breast was juicy and delicious. All the flavors ran together in harmony. The cabbage rolls were just that, a small egg roll filled with cabbage. Sounds simple right? Wrong, the cabbage was so good. It was very well seasoned and the roll wasn't greasy at all. The ONLY thing I would have changed is that the ball of sticky rice was CRUNCHY on the outside. I don't know if that was the intention of the chef, but being a sticky rice/ any rice eater, it came off as though the rice had been left out to dry. Other than that, heaven. We took our time with our dinner, sat, drank wine, and surveyed the area again. The chef had made an appearance at the table next to us. I understand that one of the gentlemen at at the table was from France and that is where the Chef is from. So she made a very friendly visit. As our dinner lulled and the restaurant emptied a bit, we were hoping the chef would stop by to say hello as she was blowing out candles around us, but she left us alone with our wine. Oh well, maybe next time I'll grab her. After all there was a lot of hand holding and goo goo eyes going on at our table. Maybe she didn't want to interrupt. We did get visits from the Chefs Hunky Husband who was very courteous, and the Hostess came by again to make sure our visit was going well. Talk about great service! Vogue Bistro is a breath of fresh air in an area riddled with chain establishments. I suggest restaurant owners take notice and maybe form a restaurant row or something. Wouldn't that be cool!I have a feeling that Vogue Bistro will be on my list of places to go whenever I'm way out west. This place was fantastic and a must try!
4	I confess, the only reason my boyfriend & I tried the place was the coupon for a free appetizer.  The place had only been only open a few weeks so we decided we'd go gawk & giggle.  We made reservations but were seated immediately (kudos to the hostess!).  The main annoyance I noticed was the noise level.  The decor is charming & sophisticated but the acoustics are atrocious and not conducive to an intimate dining experience.On the other hand, the food was awesome.  Granted, we chose a fairly white-trash fare: mac & cheese and sweet potatoe fries as sides, but it was still amazingly tasty.  We ordered the lobster rolls as our appetizer (gotta get the most out of that coupon!).  I enjoyed lovely chicken sandwich, my guy had a thick, juicy burger.  overall, delightful.  We might even go back sans coupon!!  :-)
4	I strongly suggest getting reservations. I went there on a Tuesday evening, thinking that it might be an off day and just barely got a table. It doesn't matter if it is an off day or if it is lunch instead of dinner - get reservations. The staff is excellent, mostly. I was actually pretty pleased with darnwell everything...except for my server. The hostess was great. The food was beyond wonderful. Everything was just about perfect except that our waitress didn't seem quite interested in my two person table. Maybe she was having an off day or maybe she was just a snobbed up priss who didn't think that my working class casual table had money enough to tip, I don't know because she was literally at the table the bare minimum that she had to be. Ahh well. Every other waitress seemed attentive and kindly. One of the managers even made an appearance and was charming. The food is wonderful. This is a vegetarian friendly restaurant with plenty of options for folks that don't eat meat. Then again it even has snails and foi gras for folks that do. I was surprised by how reasonable prices were. You can get a gourmet panini on fresh bread for 8 bucks. Though none of the sandwiches come with a side. Side dishes (or "Accessories") are $3-4. I think I actually like ordering the sides separate better. There is a whole list ranging from mac and cheese to honeyed squash to choose from. The creamed spinach was perfect as were the plantains and squash. Next time I'll save room for dessert.
5	Vogue Bistro is by far the best restaurant in Surprise! Why, you ask? Oh so many reasons! Let's begin...1) It is not a chain restaurant! It is locally owned by a well trained chef. 2) The Food. Ok, maybe this should be number one, but with the dominance of chain restaurants in Surprise, I think it is important that it is not a chain. But the food is FANTASTIC. I haven't had a thing I didn't love. My favorite is the Vogue Burger. It's big, but not so enormous that you have no idea how to eat it. The toppings are perfect, not overwhelming, and the meat melts in your mouth. All that yumminess for only $8!! What a deal!  I've also had the sweet potatoe fries (make sure you ask for the dipping sauces), the garden panini, the chicken panini, and the chicken salad (yes, we've been there a few times!) All were fantastic. 3) The alcohol. No, I am not an alcoholic, but this is worth mentioning! The drinks here are great. I usually get wine, while my hubby will get beer. Both lists are great and reasonably priced (a great white wine for $6/glass). Also, the martinis are fabulous. They shake and pour at your table and they have many specialties. But, what I love most about the martinis is that they are sweet, but not blast of sugar sweet. Often when you order a sweet martini you are blown away from the sweetness factor. Not here! They are just perfect.4) It has very chic decor. Lots of outdoor seating which isn't great this time of year, but is fabulous when Arizona has nice weather. When does that happen again? Moving on...5) The manager and owners are awesome. We haven't been there once that they didn't stop by for a chat.6) It is local! I am a huge supporter of local businesses, which can be extremely challenging in Surprise. Ok, now for a couple minor negatives. These are not significant enough to drop the star rating, in my humble opinion. 1) Sometimes the servers can be a bit lacking. I think this is because the restaurant is still new and still learning. So, we overlook it and instead take the extra time to enjoy good conversation. 2) It can be crazy busy. I guess that isn't a bad thing necessarily, but we can be spur of the moment and decide to head to Vogue. Luckily we can usually find a seat at the bar and order there. So there you go. The best restaurant in Surprise....you will wonder what the heck it is doing in Surprise. It is more Scottsdale-like, but without the snobbiness (no offense to you Scottsdale folk!).
3	I want to like this place, but have mixed feelings about it.I love the fish panini--it's delicious.  Everything else on the menu that I've tasted is decent (a fish dish, butternut squash, risotto dish with grains, calamari, sweet potato fries, plantains), but I am a vegetarian plus eat seafood, and don't feel like there is much I can get there, aside from some small sides that I don't think are worth the price.  I feel like you pay more for the yuppie modern enviornment.  I had a fish entree dinner special once, but didn't find it good enough to justify the $30 price.  I don't mind paying lots of money for good food, but this place in my opinion is hip but the food is average, although there are some nice flavors (but not distinct enough to make them memorable).
4	My wife and I were excited to see something as formal as vogue come to surprise, we were interested to here that the chef was actually french and why in the world she would come to surprise, but the more that I think about it "why the heck not" .  Overall our service experience has been good, the waitresses seem to remember us when we come back,  if you're not looking to spend $$$ some very high quality burgers can be had for around $10. I often lean towards the fish dishes and have been very pleased with what I've received up to this point. the cocktails are quite tasty as well, although I admit it's difficult for a straight man to order a "chenel" martini with a straight faceI would definitely recommend Vogue Bistro if find yourself in the surprise area looking for a semi-formal dining experience, or even just lunch or cocktails.
5	Nice place.  The outdoor patio is enclosed and has a fireplace with a bunch of nice tables.We were there on a Saturday night between 5-7pm and it was EMPTY.   The head chef is really nice and she asks for feedback on her food.The food is AWESOME.  I had the scallop special... they were EXCELLENT.  No rubbery mess... it was soft and cooked.  The sweet potatoes were great.  I tried a friend's steak... awesome... and I tried the duck.  Even more awesome.I truly was surprised.Then comes the alcohol, my favorite part. heheI had two martinis... the De La Renta and the... oh man. I can't remember the second one.  The waitress suggested it so I never asked for it by name.   The martinis were great.  Some martinis taste way too much like vodka... these were great and fruity.The service was awesome... very friendly.The music... I know it's meant to be classy with the opera... it was like "Pavaratti and Friends" or something like that... it was way too loud and overwhelmed everything inside. We kept asking them to turn it down.But otherwise, it was great.
4	My 6 best girl-friends and I decided to give Vogue Bistro a try after hearing a rave review from a family member. We eagerly arrived on a Friday evening and found the house was packed! We did have a reservation and were seated promptly outside on the patio. Walking through the restaurant showed us a lovely sophisticated dining room with just the right volume of music. The restaurant was brimming with patrons. And then there's the patio.....Vogue Bistro is located at the far end of a strip mall and it backs up to a residential neighborhood. I suppose that explains the cats who were milling around outside on the patio looking for scraps of anything delectable that might come their way. I am hoping that it wasn't a sign that perhaps there were rodents in the area as well, but given that there is so much seafood on the menu, I am hopeful that this is what drew the cats to the patio. Not that we minded the feline visitors....but it's just not something you typically expect. The patio is ok. They do have heaters in case it is a cool evening, but, overall, the dining experience is a bit lacking if you have to dine on the patio...if not for the cats but for the lack of ambiance. The cuisine at Vogue is refreshingly upscale without the upscale price. The chef is pleasant and friendly and works her ass off in the kitchen. There are so many chefs in the Valley who don't actually cook anymore, rather they stand in the kitchen yelling. Oh wait..and they are usually men. hahaha. We enjoyed the flat bread as well as a recommended appetizer of the day which was slow to arrive, but worth the wait. My dining companions enjoyed a variety of dishes from the skewers to the meatloaf to the delicious hamburgers. Again, the meals were very slow to arrive, but once they did, they were delicious. Our server was pleasant, but seemed put out by our large table. This did reflect on her tip overall, I regret to say since our bill was well over $100. One surprise at Vogue was the treat of the most delicious margarita that we've ever tasted. The agave nectar was house made and I truly think that was the key. Overall, I would say that Vogue Bistro is a very nice change in the typical chain restaurant laden experiences you find in Surprise, but be prepared to be there for a while. This is an experience you want to savor.
5	This is the place to be in Surprise, even if there was somewhere else to go. I enjoy the daily specials such as New York strip, duck and sea bass.  If only the single chicks on the West Side didn't have to spend so much on diapers, the atmosphere would be a little better. Roman, Aurore and Rick are the best!Tips:Ask for the specials.Ask to taste the wines.Leave room for creme brule.Sit at the bar.Leave those kids at home.Don't ask for Coors Light.
4	Ya know, I kinda dig this place. My disclaimer is that I was only here for drinks and desserts. I can't wait to come back and try out the full menu plus more drinks and sweets! One of my best gal pals was in town and we were looking for a couple of cocktails in the west valley so we didn't have to stray too far from the house. It was great we found this place because I wanted to take her somewhere to get a decent drink and not include going to a chain or somewhere that screams suburbia. The outside does scream suburbia as it's in a new-ish strip mall and is doused in beige stucco. The inside was sleek and urban and you kinda forget you're in Surprise near a Lowe's or something-or-other. The patio looked pretty nice, but it was dark out and it was hard to make out what all was happening out there. Probably some good, comfy furniture for some summer cocktail sippin'! I thought it was adorable and fun they named their signature martinis after designers. First, I started with a Dior (basically a lemon drop) and she had a D&G (espresso-tini). For our second round we both had a Gucci (choco-tini). All of the cocktails were made exceptionally well. They had just the right amount of liquor and a good mix of other components. None of their martinis seem to have any syrups or other abnormal flavoring items. That is always a plus in my book because the last thing I want is a cocktail which taste like pucker. If I wanted that (and to run over by reckless children), I would have went to Red Robin and saved a few bucks. I better address that too - all of their designer martinis are $9-$10. It's worth the extra bucks to get a fine crafted cocktail (or two, or three). Finally, we accompanied our libations with some good ol' creme brulee. I advise you do the same because it was insanely good. We literally could have eaten two each - they're that good.  I spared my thighs and we just split the one...  All of the desserts sounded so good. I'll definitely be checkin' those out as well. Plus, the desserts are only around $5 each - so easy to just add one (or all) to the drink order. I look forward to making another trip out to Vogue soon. Enjoy!
3	The husband and I went to this place with a couple friends over the weekend.  I was really excited to try it actually, after checking out the menu online and reading a few reviews.  Unfortunately, I wasn't in love with the place as much as I was hoping to be.First I will get the bad stuff out of the way.  The place is really really cramped inside.  It was really hard for us to even get by the table next to us so we could just sit down.  It's also loaded with old people.  The service is extremely awkward and tries way too hard.  I also don't think it is too much to ask your servers to memorize the specials so they don't end up staring at their cheat sheet.  The guy we had just read it all and actually seemed surprised by some of the stuff judging by his facial expressions.  He was also really pushy with the drinks, and suggested way too many things to each person based on what he assumed we liked to drink.  Really weird in my opinion. The food is also fairly slow to come out.Okay, now that all of the bad stuff is out of the way, I can tell you about the good stuff.  The names for them are cute considering the name of the restaurant.  The menu is pretty diverse, but beware, the panini are not served after 4 pm.  After not being intrigued by any of the entrees, the husband and I decided to order a bunch of appetizers and sides to split.  We chose the Frito Misto, Mac and Cheese, Sweet Potato Fries, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, and Cornbread.  The Frito Misto was interesting, as it combined juliened carrots and calamari rings.  The carrots were absolutely delicious and the calamari was good too.  However, they apparently season the stuff with lemon and throw the lemons in the deep frier too!  On more than one occasion I mistakenly bit into a fried lemon, YUCK!  The Mac and Cheese was delicious, and a different but welcome spin on the classic.  The Sweet Potato Fries were also tasty and came with a maple dipping sauce that I LOVED.  The Mashed Potatoes were nothing spectacular, but they were tasty.  The Cornbread was quite yummy, but not what you expect.  It was served in a square cast iron skillet and was not quite bread, but rather a "pudding" type cornbread.  I really enjoyed it though.This place is pretty good, don't get me wrong, but they don't deserve 4 stars right now.  I don't know if we will be back considering it is all the way out in surprise and it is pretty pricey.  If you are ever out in that part of town and looking for something a little "nicer" you should check it out.
2	Talk about a FEZ knock-off.  Here I was, all excited to see something interesting pop up in the boondocks of the valley and this is what I get?  What a waste!To start, this place is small.  Not that small is a knock on a place (I love Matt's) but this is just inefficient use of space.  They've added some sun-shade and a patio to create more tables but it just looks tacky.  The bar takes up almost half of the interior space and does not appear to do the business that the tables do.  Poor execution of use of space.Then, the waiter we had was a pretentious ass.  He was pushy, insistent, and not helpful.  It is amazing he even asked for our orders and didn't just bring us what he thought we should be eating.We had some sweet potato fries and calamari for appetizers.  The fries were good but no where near as good as FEZ.  The calamari was more fried carrots and lemon than meat.  The fried carrots were fine but the whole thing was pretty cheaply put together.What they don't tell you online is that almost all of their sandwiches are not served after 4.  Since that eliminated everything that looked good on the menu, the wife and I ordered a bunch of sides and split them.  The mac & cheese was pretty good.  The cornbread was fine.  The garlic mash was missing the garlic.  Really disappointing.  This is not a place would would recommend, even if I lived out there.  If I were stuck out in Surprise, I would go to the BabbO on Bell before I wasted my time at Vogue.
1	I can back up Kendra's statement about the menus as well. We had to wait ten minutes for a menu because there were non available.
5	I've had Delux and 25 Degrees, but I still say the burger at Vogue is the best. Where else are you going to get grappa or amaro with your meal? It's nice to have a place to chill, avoid the blimps and flirt with the cougars while doing time in Surprise.
5	Great burgers one of the best I have had. French onion soup is fantastic.
1	When Vogue opened, I heard great things about it from a woman in the produce section at my local grocery. This should have been my first hint not to go...she was buying wilted lettuce. My boyfriend and I decided to go there for an early dinner to avoid the crowds; we arrived before 6 and walked into a very dark restaurant where three people were waiting at the reception desk. After asking how many, we were told they would seat us immediately. Great! The restaurant was empty, except for one other couple, so we were hoping for one of the banquette seats. However. We were lead out of the restaurant proper and onto a patio area, also empty.  We were seated at the WORST table in the entire place: in the corner, next to the service area used for dumping half-eaten plates of food. It was cold, encased in vinyl curtains, the chairs were uncomfortable, and frankly, the patio would have been an unappealing place to sit, even if we hadn't been placed where we were. My boyfriend and I discussed if we should stay and try the food, since we were pretty excited to have something besides fast food in the area. However, enthusiasm died as the waiter was rude, slapping the menu down in front of us and stalking off. The manager was impolite when we requested a different table. What had started out as an evening where both my partner and I were excited to try this great new local restaurant turned into an anger-inspiring evening. We left the restaurant after being treated this way, and we will not return. Our recommendation for a great night out? Mario's Pizza on Dysart. They're friendly, welcoming, and genuine. It might not be fancy, but I'll give up fancy this time for not being seated next to the trash.
3	I've been here a few times, but only once for dinner. They have a decent selection of wines, but only about 20% of them you can buy by the glass. There was a pretty decent selection of martinis and specialty cocktails which were a bit pricey for my taste. The food here was decent. I had the seafood special which was halibut. The fish was nicely grilled and sat on a bed of turnip mash with an interesting vanilla bean sauce. i liked the mash, but the sauce was a little too dessert-y for my taste. I appreciate the creativity though. My mother in law had the meat loaf which looked over cooked, but still had good flavor. My father in law had the lasagne which came served in its own bowl. It was loaded with spinach which seemed a little overwhelming. The salad the lasagne came with looked really fresh though. Service was excellent. Our waiter, Jason was really nice and prompt without being overbearing. We felt the ambiance of the restaurant was nice, for Surprise. The patio is spacious, non-smoking, covered, and heated. We really liked the fireplace outside. What i thought was weird was what they play on the one tv they had. My husband and I and a few friends went for just wine one night and for some reason they were playing old George Michaels videos that were awful! I don't know if they were trying to be trendy or what, but it was very off-putting. I like this place and would go back to try some other things on the menu.
4	This small Surprise gem is surely different from everything else, it's got a head Chef.  One who actually designs and cooks what's on the menu.  The menu is fairly simple which is a good thing and almost seasonal as far as the additional dishes go (besides the specials which are always seasonal).  The mood in there is hit or miss, at times it has really good ambient music, other times it has a game on...  Going there on a week night is totally different from the weekend.  It is a small place but the patio has as many seats as inside.  There is no place to wait so if you're going on a weekend, get reservations straightened out!So the food...  The kicthen is open, you can see the cooks working the grill and the cold food station, the Chef? Looks like she's busy with the specials, saucing, stacking, perfecting.  The specials are always carried out with care it seems, there's nothing  that gets on the plate that shouldn't be.  The specials are always worth the trip there.The Vogue Burger, easily a "signature burger" if there is such a thing, is awesome, Gorgonzola, bacon, greens and a sauce that contains cognac! Big enough to stuff the biggest of mouths.  The flavor is big, do yourselves a favor and order this bad boy Medium Rare and wash it down with a good beer, one of the many offered.Anything with a sauce there is good, the sweet potatoes come with a chestnut sauce, there's also a nice variation of  Aiolis there, Basil, Saffron and Chesnut... Good stuff you don't find everywhere.  Just ask for them on the side!If you would like some great food, show up during the week for dinner, lunch is so so...  and the weekend, it doesn't seem like the cooks can keep up with the pace of a busy restaurant that deserves to stay booked to the brim.Remember, anything the chef touches here is simply very good, get the specials.
2	In town for the holidays to visit family.Decided to stay local, they happen to run out of half the menu two days before Christmas. The waitress was very nice. The biggest shocker of the night was this old man next to us sharing his dinner with his toy Yorkie, off the table. I didn't know that dogs could vogue with their owners at dinner. The over all experience was,"o.k.". Better luck next time, and I'm bringing my dog!!
4	I live in Marley Park and walked here with a friend on a Saturday night. We had a few martinis and they were AMAZING! The key lime pie one was especially delicious... and strong! I am anxious to try their food, as their menu looked very good and decently priced. Burgers were around $10.
5	The Vouge burger is delicious ! I had it two weeks ago when visiting my sisters in Phoenix , TO DIE FOR! the sweet potato fries aren't bad either . the service was great the outdoor seating was great. Surprise is a pretty boring place  so why not enjoy the cuisine? Vouge is by far one of the best burger places i have been to. Yay Vouge!
5	This little French restaurant is SO GOOD! Took family here on Christmas Eve and the service and food were superior. We were there for lunch and I had the vegetarian sandwich...For a sandwich, it was amazing! They use a delicious aioli sauce on it, and the bread was great too. Ordered a side of the sweet potato fries which came with an amazing array of dipping sauces...I can't wait to bring more people back here and to also try the breakfast and dinner offerings. Also enjoyed the ambiance. Really nice and refreshing to see something unique and upscale in the West Valley. Well done, Vogue Bistro!
4	I've been three times and plan on going again. Simply put, it's a nice place to go and have some good food.
3	The atmosphere here was great, but the hostess was pretty irritated with us that we didn't have a reservation (funny because the place was empty). She seated us in the very back corner on what would be the patio in better weather. They had a tarp surrounding it with heat lamps above and cold air coming in from the sides right on our table - I think that was our punishment for the lack of reservations. As for the food, the appetizer of calamari had few squid. You had to dig for them amongst a tower of fried carrots. But everyone liked the carrots. The steak I ordered was HORRIBLE. It tasted like roast beef, maybe being baked in the oven first and the salmon was overcooked. The salad was amazing, though and so was the lasagna, but don't expect your normal Italian lasagna - not happening here. It's different, but good. The winner of the night was, surprisingly, the giant burger which my boyfriend claimed was the best he had ever eaten. The dessert of chocolate cake, almost like a torte, melted in your mouth - I'd come back for that! I would go again if someone else was paying or if I were just going for drinks and dessert. I don't know if I'd take the chance ordering entrees again.
5	After being terribly depressed by the endless chain-restaurants inundating Surprise, my girlfriend and I were excited to finally try the independent Vogue Bistro.  In short: a bit pricey, but we had an outstanding dining experience.Although it's located in a shopping mall (like everything else here) Vogue separates itself with a pleasantly modern design and fresh decor.  It's a small restaurant, with additional outdoor seating.  We went on a weekend, and we were happy to have made a reservation.The wine list is quite extensive and well-annotated.  And our server was very helpful in choosing a good selection.  We started off with the cheese plate as an appetizer, and it was beautifully presented with a yummy selection of cheeses and grapes.  My girlfriend is vegetarian, and although they had a couple of nice vegetarian entrees, the chef prepared a special vegetarian dish for my girlfriend including a beautiful salad along with orzo with mushrooms and spinach.  I went with the day's special Chilean sea bass with wasabi mashed potatoes and eggplant stuffed with rock shrimp.  The fish was cooked to perfection, and the tastes blended beautifully.Even though we were stuffed, we decided to try their desserts, too.  We had a blueberry-coconut tart, and a dish of home-made chocolates.  Both were wonderful.Although the restaurant is a bit pricey, it's definitely worth it.  There simply are very few restaurants in Surprise of the quality exhibited by Vogue.  We'll certainly be going back!
4	Small intimate indoor seating with nice patio area.  Service is good during lunch although they can get overwhelmed during peak times.I often order the Vogue burger with sweet potatoes fries. Quality counts here and I am a fan of both dishes.  Sweet potatoes are salted enough to bring out the sweetness and the accompanying dipping sauces(two), Chipotle and Maple, takes it up a couple of notches.Burger is big enough to split. The patty lacks flavor. The cheese and onions make up for it a bit.  Still I'll ask for the salt and pepper everytime.Once in a while, my wife and I would order a salad, either the Vogue or Beet salad. The dishes are on the small side but the dressings are exceptional.Our overall experience has been pleasant and we will continue to keep them in mind when eating out.
5	Oh Vogue!  Went for my 3rd visit and still undeniably awesome!!!  Not only is the food AMAZING, the service is fantastic!  I have sampled several apps, sides, entrees and daily specials.  Seafood, from the oysters to the swordfish=phenomenal!  I will continue to go back to Vogue for any special occasion.  It is pricey, be prepared, but completely worth every cent.  Don't forget to tip your servers & bartenders :)
5	I have to start by saying that the door is located behind the big sun shade :) I saw quite a few people wandering around looking for it, lol Other than the visibility of the door, this place was wonderful. It's elegant, but casual, everything is done tastefully. The staff is lovely, very helpful & professional. They do accept reservations & i would definitely recommend them for later dinners, since it gets pretty full. The place is small, but it didn't feel crowded so much as it did cozy :) There was a wide variety of patrons. I saw the cutest older couple having dinner & teasing each other (awwww!!!), a young woman & her dad discussing how much talking should be done over dinner, some teens on a date & a young family. The food is delicious. I wasn't feeling well, so I had 2 glasses of Riesling, an appetizer & 2 deserts. Just what the doctor ordered ;) Between a friend & I here is what we had: Onion Soup- beautifully presented, smelled & tasted divine! Tuscan Flat bread- very tasty Creme Brulee- smooth, sweet but not overly so Gelato- I had the pistachio & I didn't love it, but that might have had something to do with the fact my throat was killing me at this point. My friend loved this place so much she made reservations for their Thanksgiving dinner right then and there! The Thanksgiving Day dinner menu looked scrumptious, but I can't ditch the fam :( I will definitely come back another day :) Just as an FYI, it is a bit pricey. I would highly recommend going on-line & looking at their menu.
5	I love the burgers here at this restaurant. The Bison burger is great, and not pricey for what its worth! Also, even though the drinks are around 9 dollars each, you get a full martini, AS WELL AS a martini shaker for at least another full glass!
5	After our neighbors told us about this place we had to give it a try.  I am giving five stars because of the Vogue burger.  Ordered it medium and it was served to my table the way I ordered it.  This burger is in my top 3 as all time best.
4	I just returned from dinner and I was fairly impressed by Vogue Bistro! My great aunts took me out to dinner and they decided on Vogue because they had heard so many great reviews by word of mouth. We had relatively early dinner reservations and were seated immediately (the place was busy - I would definitely recommend reservations). Great atmosphere - a little on the schmoozy side, but definitely appropriate for a group of friends having dinner or even an intimate date for two. They offered an extensive wine list and the main entrees included a variety of gourmet cuisine which included dishes such as filet mignon, duck confit, and rabbit civet! I ordered a delicious roasted chicken entree and my aunts both ordered the duck special of the evening and were thoroughly pleased. I peeked over at table next to us to see a platter of oysters that looked absolutely scrumptious! Next time I'll surely order that! Aside from the fantastic food, the service was pretty good.... although I will say the busser could have waited for me to put my fork down before asking if I was finished with my plate. Besides that, I enjoyed my dining experience very much!NOTE: Their cheesy website does NOT do Vogue Bistro justice! I say check out Vogue in person :)
4	Excellent place... my only complaint was the way the over cooked my Salmon, how blend it was and how oily... it was very bad... other than that I really enjoy every time I go there.
4	Second time I've been to Vogue. Nicely appointed little place. The waiting area is a little tight when there's more than three people (a la Babbo) - in our case we had a reservation for 6:30pm and about 2 minutes after we arrived a bunch of Sun City q-tips showed up, like they always do, crowding us out while we waited to be seated. While waiting I noticed that I appeared a little underdressed by comparison with the other patrons but quite frankly I didn't care. I was just in t-shirt and cargo pants. Everyone else appeared to be dressed in their Sunday finest for church. Kind of like when someone goes to a Chinese or sushi restaurant, all of a sudden they feel compelled to fumble about with chopsticks and eat at a quarter the speed they could otherwise with knife and fork. It's Surprise, for crying out loud, not Scottsdale. Anyway, we were seated and at that point I no longer felt cramped. Next up was Jonathan, the waiter, who explained all the specials for that evening. He knew them pretty well, but we felt like we needed a Mensa certification to be able to parse and remember them all - one of those times when you really had to isolate the item you wanted and lock it in mentally before he completed his encyclopediac explanation of all ten specials and their garnishings.I got the frog legs appetizer - have not had those in YEARS. Not bad, but small as you'd imagine. Had I KNOWN it cost $13 I would have certainly gotten something else, probably the farro? For the entree, I went for the big $33 ribeye which was that night's special. DAMN was it good. My knife cut through the steak like butter. Came with those tiny fingerling potatoes and enoki mushrooms. The wife settled for the Vogue Burger because someone at her work apparently frequents this place and loves it. She, too, wasn't disappointed. She got a Vogue Martini - strong and good. We brought my toddler - he had the kid's slider with shoestring fries and enjoyed both.I've decided that my steak was the second best I've ever had in my life. Perfectly cooked to my request too (strangely, though, Jonathan asked what "temperature" we wanted our meat - after a second's worth of blank look I was tempted to let him know that if the meat wasn't precisely 144 degrees I would send it back, but settled on specifying "medium"). Best steak I've ever had is still my first Prime Rib, but of course anywhere outside of Nebraska would be hard pressed to beat local, fresh Omaha beef. See my review of The Drover in Omaha NE for more details. This one was very close behind.Would I go back here? Sure, for a special occasion, such as on this night. Was it worth the money? Tough call. I'd say yes, but just barely. Better value than Don and Charlie's in Scottsdale, that's for damn sure. Hopefully Surprise will wind up with more of this sort of place. They have a very good selection of food and drink on the menu and decent sized portions - none of that giant-plate-micro-meal rubbish.
4	First let me just say that it cracks me up to have such a high-end place like Vogue smack in the middle of Surprise.  It's a nice little...surprise!  A few girlfriends and I went here after a day of girly girl movie watching and it was such a nice treat to be able to sit out on Vogue's patio sipping their yummy wine.  I don't like wine, but they talked me into getting a glass of Mr. Loosen (Riesling, Germany) and it was not bad at all.  The four of us ordered the cheese plate to start with.  I'm not much of a gourmet cheese person (let's just say nacho cheese is one of my best friends).  So, I didn't quite love it as much as my friends did...but I did like the goat cheese and the pine nut Gouda.  We decided to each order two starters each so we could have a nice sampling of many dishes instead of getting entrees that we could enjoy on our own.  I highly recommend doing this!!  There is just so much on their menu that is appealing to the eye and stomach.In all, we ordered the Vogue onion soup (which had a cheesy and super delicious flaky bread on top), beef skewers w/miso marinade, sweet potato fries w/sweet and spicy aiole sauce, mac & cheese, butternut squash w/vanilla, bruschetta (that night's version had pesto and cheese whipped together with a yellow tomato topping), and potato au gratin.  We had quite the spread in front of us.  Our waitress told us that she wanted to sit and join us!  It was a fantastic meal despite the few bites we got of each.  I was full by the time I had about 2-3 bites from each plate.  Vogue has a really relaxing atmosphere and wonderful service to boot.  Even though they were showing Ratoutille (Disney film) on the TVs, my friends tell me that many times they show fashion shows.  They have a huge list of different martinis, all named after designers.  I wish I was a martini fan so I could try them.  But the wine was wonderful treat for a night of sitting and relaxing with girlfriends.
2	Why two stars?  In my opinion, if my roast chicken is dryer than my skin after I spent a day in the hot Arizona sun without any lotion, and you're asking me to pay $16 for that and 8 small slices of potato and 20 slivers of overcooked carrot, it's not a successful meal.I know most everyone has rated this place pretty high - and I really hate to give a non-chain restaurant a bad review, but the 'Meh. I've experienced better' for 2 stars is exactly how I felt.On the positive side, our waitress was very attentive and I did not feel ignored.  Our glasses never went empty, and while I did not imbibe, it seems they have a well stocked bar and some pretty tasty sounding albeit pricey drinks.And therein lies the crux of my discontent.I've been to many chic restaurants in many different locations.  Call me crazy, but it doesn't concern me the amount of money I spend on a meal, if I feel I got my money's worth.  And I don't feel I got my money's worth.The $4 bruschetta was a delicious concoction of goat cheese/pesto spread topped with a 3/4 inch piece of heirloom tomato, a chiffonade of basil, and a drizzling of balsamic reduction.The problem?  There were two 2 inch pieces.  The end.Although I already cried my woes over the roasted chicken entree, I did not mention that it was neither herby nor garlicky as advertized, and the plating design left something to be desired.  I was surprised that there was not a hint of green anywhere on the plate to balance the colors, and it looked sadly bare.  Also for being roasted, the chicken skin lacked the crunch I so needed and the potatoes were quite soggy.The $5 chocolate pot de creme was a smooth chocolate custard made with Vahlrona chocolate.The problem?  It is described as a rich, chocolatey dessert.  While it was not horrible (we did finish it, after all...), I've had a lot better and a larger portion for the same price elsewhere.  It did not give the Vahlrona chocolate the respect it deserves.The $5 creme brulee was smooth, but did not have the glassy crackle a good brulee should have.   I was hoping it would have been better than the one I make.  Sorry Vogue, but it was not an answer to my prayers as you so purport.In the end, I am still seeking the four star experience that others seem to have had, so I may be trying out the lunch...but if the quality of the food is still lacking, I will unfortunately have to cross this one off my list.So 'creme brulee afficionados', save your $5.  I will give you a recipe for creme brulee that will taste exactly the same and for the same amount of money, you will have a fridge full of custardy goodness.Chicken lovers, try the steak.  Maybe you'll have a better experience.And above all, O Vogue, hear my prayers.  I want to rate you better, but I need better from you.
2	I really dislike giving bad reviews, especially to an establishment owned and operated by someone as sweet as Aurora, unfortunately the staff does not have the same passion as her. Our food also was nothing extraordinary.  It had potential, however "meh, I've experienced better"First off, we sat for 10 minutes without a waitress coming to our table. Finally when we did get seen by Jennifer, it was quite the underwhelming experience. We ordered Mac and Cheese minus the pork, the duck leg and eggplant parmigiana.  Oh and to start, we got a bruschetta, and also the olive selection.On the plus side, the potatoes where on a bed of greens with a roasted potato and date vinaigrette. The duck was a very modest portion and a bit over cooked. The mac and cheese, was nothing special, and the eggplant parmigiana was undercooked to the point where the puff pastry still had a raw dough taste in the middle. The space is nice, and funny enough the older gentlemen sitting next to me said "don't get the steak special" when I sat down with his wife quickly chiming in stating his name in disbelief. I dunno, a restaurant where you pay $65 bucks for two to eat with no drinks, should be a bit of an experience. The servers should be professional, put together and at your table within a couple minutes to take your drink order and go over specials. I cook, and I eat. When I don't want to cook, I expect people to be on point.... and this was not.
5	Love their hamburgers and sweet potato fries for lunch. Love their specials for dinner! So nice to have a family owned restaurant like this in Surprise!
5	Took my wife here for her birthday for lunch and made the right choice! I knew it the minute I walked in the door when Jason, our host greeted us immediately and made us feel comfortable immediately. He was incredibly welcoming and showed us to our seats in this wonderful setting in a small mall. Very hip design with a full bar and large flat screen TV to watch the preliminaries of the US Open while waiting for very prompt service.The food was outstanding from the escargot  appetizer my wife had to the salad she ordered to the tasty chicken panini I had. It was a great experience and will definitely return soon. Great place! I highly recommend it!
5	Still one of my favorite restaurants in Surprise, the pastry escargot was amazing.  I can't wait to go get it again.
5	We were lost on our way to Las Vegas.  I grabbed the Yelp app to find a place to eat and found Vogue.  I was able to book a table through Open table via the Yelp app which was very convenient.We had the Vogue Burger and Vogue Salad.  Both were fantastic.  The blue cheese on the burger was bold, but the sweet glazed onions tamed the overall flavor and was surprisingly delicious.  The salad used a very textured lettuce I hadn't tried before, it was different but tasty.  I enjoyed had a Petite Sirah by the glass which was amazing, so smooth.  The restaurant had outdoor seating which was very nice and comfortable, but it was a cold night.  The wait staff quickly fixed the temperature by turning on an overhead heater.  We will definitely stop here again on our way to Las Vegas!
5	Christine was our waitress and she was perfection. All our food was wonderful from the ribeye steak special my husband ordered to my foie gras and rabbit stew I had. We will definitely be back.
4	My parents are big fans of Vogue Bistro, so I was really excited to try it when visiting them from Chicago for Christmas.I checked in on Foursquare and found an offer available through Groupon - and when I went to purchase it on my phone, I found there was a Groupon now offer - $5 for $30 off.  Sweet!We went on a weeknight and the place had a pretty good crowd.  Atmosphere is nice - cute, stylish and approachable.  The servers were great - there is one my parents usually request. She's super friendly.I had the beet salad and it was awesome. I LOVE beets and I love them even more with goat cheese and a yummy dressing. The salad did not disappoint.We shared the fritto misto and the beef skewer appetizers before our meal.  They were yummy, although be warned there are tempura pieces of ginger hidden in the fritto misto. It is listed on the menu, but it still caught us off guard.I had the filet mignon. For a $24 filet, it was really good - cooked just how I liked. I'm used to filet's costing a lot more, so I was pleasantly surprised.I will definitely be back to Vogue. If you go on a weeknight - check foursquare and groupon on your phone for deals!!They have a frequent diner rewards card as well if you go regularly.
3	We just tried Vogue a few weeks ago, for the first time... I had the meatloaf and my husband had the lasagna, we shared the calamari fritta appetizer.  Both the entrees were outstanding and worth every penny, even brought some home! The calamari was a disappointing, tempura fried, greasy mess... I think there were eight pieces of calamari hidden among the vast mass of julienned carrots! Unique touch to the calamari was ginger among the carrots, I love ginger so this was a spectacular treat, too bad I did not have enough calamari to really enjoy it!As for the service, it was courteous and semi-prompt, but cold and impersonal. We felt like our waiter just wanted us to go away, he didn't hurry us, but he also didn't make us want to linger over a drink or desert.
2	The atmosphere at Vogue is nice and I was excited to have a place like this out in the west valley BUT we wont be going back. We went once and the food was - okay, nothing to write home about (filet was a bit bland but the potatoes were super), but worth a trip back to try it again. The second time we went we were ready for the whole meal to make us happy but this is what happened...Ordered the French Onion soup - soup was GREAT, off to a good start.Ordered Vogue Steak with a side of veggies - the steak was BLAND Bland bland and just felt like we wer chewing on some defrosted flesh. We ate two bites a sent it back telling the waitress that we didnt like it (which is why it was vitrually untouched) and just wanted the check (we had someplace to be or else we would have tried to order something else... we WANTED to love this place)   B U T the waitress brang us our check and "just charged us $10 for the steak since we didnt really eat it"!! We were floored! I have never been to a resturant who charged me for food I sent back due to it being inedible. My husband had to go to the waitress and tell her that we refused to pay for a steak we didnt like. She ultimately took the charge off the check but the damage was already done. We wont be back - we really wanted to like Vogue and feel that we gave its fair shake... we just dont think its lives up to all the hype.
5	I dined at this lovely establishment just last week while I was in town visiting my parents. It's in a strip mall type area, tucked back and very unassuming. We were there on a Thursday evening and it was PACKED! We waited about 20 minutes for a table and had a chance to enjoy drinks and apps at the bar.Not many places offer Key Lime Martini's (at least not in Seattle) much less 20+ other flavors but this place wowed me with their offerings. It was just the right amount of alcohol, key lime and was nicely garnished with crushed graham cracker along the edge.We ordered the bruschetta for an appetizer and although somewhat good, it was more strange and confusing. It didn't have any tomato on it and it was covered in some type of liquid cheese, if there is such a thing? It was topped with a sweet onion type spread and really nothing remotely close to what I would call Bruschetta.My parents enjoyed the grilled Salmon and whole chicken, both of which were tender, juicy and melt in your mouth great! I dined on their "Blue Jean" burger and ordered a side of sweet potato fries which were cooked to perfection!We skipped dessert but from what I saw other tables ordering I think I will have to try it next time. They all looked amazing!This place has great service, a clean bathroom and amazing food. What else could you ask for?
4	Good food, Great atmosphere, weird location.  We will become a regular that is for sure!
5	The food and service were wonderful. I never knew it existed before and am so glad I've found it. The duck confit and vegetables were fantastic and they make a great mixed drink as well.
5	I love this restaurant !! Tis is the 3rd year in a row, my bf and I spent our anniversary, while at spring training. Every time has been really good!! This time I chose the chicken which was so good and moist and garlicky!!!! Yum!!! My bf had the salmon and he licked the plate clean. For our starter we did share the beef skewers, so good!! Definitely will get those again! The drinks are great as well, I had a lychee martini, and the bf had a dirty martini..both delicious!!!
5	I love this place. Amazing food from scratch and the service is always top notch.
2	I didn't find this place to be anything special.  Service was average, ambiance was average.  All of us ordered the house special "Vogue Steak" and they were tough as shoe leather, definitely below average.  For the price, which was fairly steep, I bet you could do better.
4	Excellent food, very good service.  The Vogue Burger was juicy and flavorful and loaded with toppings... but it was a bit messy.  Or maybe that was just me... but I digress.  My dinner companion had the Onion Soup and seemed very pleased with it; however she may have just been happy because I was there.  The drinks did take a little while to arrive, but it was a Friday night and it was busy, so it's understandable.  The server was pretty attentive and knowledgeable, so no complaints there.Overall, a wonderful dining experience - I'd definitely go back!
4	We came here for lunch.  They open at noon, not 11am, just FYI!  There were people waiting outside so when they opened, there was sort of a rush for the waiters to get everybody seated and drink orders established.Here's what we ordered:Fritto Misto - Calamari, delish; julienne carrots, scrumptious; ginger, meh but it wasn't them - I'm just not a big fan of ginger.  Tempura style fried.  Tasted like tempura and not over-fried food.  YayVogue Burger - YUM ... I don't usually have fancy gourmet burgers.  In fact, this is probably the fanciest gourmet burger I've ever had and it was quite good.  There was something sweet in there - maybe the chutney - and the bun was sooo good.  A whole lot of different flavors but nothing overpowering.  Nice blend.Chicken Panini - the husband had this and he enjoyed it.  I took a bite of his and thought it was pretty good.  Sweet tomato fries - YUM.  I thought the flavoring on it is one of the better ones I've had compared to other placesVogue Mac N Cheese - Got this for our 14 mo old.  It's "fancy mac n cheese" so needless to say, she wasn't too thrilled with it.  I liked it ... kind of had a strong cheese flavor to it but not the traditional cheddar cheese you normally put in there.The service was good.  The general atmosphere was also nice.  Definitely a good place to try!
4	I've been to this restaurant twice so far, once for my birthday with my coworkers back in December 2011 and in January 2012, I returned so I could let my husband try their food. I'll admit that I recognized the restaurant when flipping through Phoenix magazine, and I thought, "Finally, a nicer bistro type restaurant on the west side of the valley!"When I came with my coworkers in December, we came during lunch hour and we called ahead so that they could save a table for 6-7 of us. The restaurant was set up with a more modern take on a bistro. The booths are black and there are chandeliers hanging from the ceiling with trendy wallpaper. The atmosphere is lively and there's a flat panel tv behind the bar in case you want to catch the game (for the husbands who are dragged there by their wives). The crowd is mixed. There are some young couples, some business men on their lunch break, and women enjoying some time with their friends away from home and sipping wine together. You need to come prepared to spend at least a little over an hour there and it says this right on the menu. Most of their entrees take alot of time and preparation. All we could think was, "This better be worth it," and thankfully it was!The Vogue mac and cheese has truffles and pancetta and it just makes it so rich and flavorful! Surprisingly, we also shared the plantains which didn't really make sense to me on the menu since it was not the same "type" of food you'd think would be there, but they were yummy regardless.The Vogue burger is huge, so one of my friends and I split one. It was also very, very good! The waitress was so nice! Since it was my birthday, she gave our table free sweet potato fries with the maple dressing and she also gave me box with a sampling of a variety of homemade chocolates and fudge. The service and the food definitely won me over! That's why I had to drag my husband back there a month later!My husband and I came for dinner. This time we sat outside on the patio. Since it was January, it was still cooler outside, but they had heaters outside above to keep people comfortable. The restaurant is definitely capable of fitting bigger groups out on the patio. This time I enjoyed the duck confit while my husband tried the rabbit civet. He loved his dish! The rabbit did not taste too gamey. The stew had alot of flavors that complimented one another so the meat was just right and not overpowering. My duck's flavoring was very good, but some parts of the meat were on the drier side. For dessert, I had the pinapple tatin. It's basically their take on a pineapple upside down cake. It was pretty good and on the extra sweet side. This is not someplace I'd go all the time, since it can be on the more expensive side, especially at dinner, but I will definitely return again though, because I enjoy how different it is from the usual fare that you find in Surprise.
4	We've been here several times, and every time it has been worth the drive out to Surprise. We finally ordered something other than the Fritto Misto and the Vogue burger. Those are our favorites and are enough for hubby and I to split. Both are, of course, excellent. The burger is always cooked perfectly (medium rare for us), and the fritto misto is unique and enough for at least 4 people to share. Now I can happily report that the bruscetta and the salmon appetizer were also great. They're both unique twists on old favorites. The bruschetta featured creamed artichoke hearts with sliced tomato and greenery. Only downfall was that it was only 2 pieces of bread, so plan accordingly if you are going to have to share.Portions are generous but not overwhelming, and the prices are a little on the high side, but worth it. One of these days I'll get to try the macaroni and cheese with pancetta and truffles. Oh, and dessert.
5	My husband and I finally tried this place out and where thrilled! We didn't have a reservation but were able to get a seat on a Friday night no problem. The decor is beautiful and we felt very relaxed. The waitress, Jennifer, was awesome. She was attentive without being pushy. She told us all about the specials including price which some places don't do. I had the lamb rack special and it came with three ribs, which were delicious. My husband tried the Alaskan halibut and was quite happy. We can't wait to go back and they the burgers and sweet potato fries. They looked good. If you want a nice atmosphere and yummy food try it out.
4	Went here for a graduation party. The atmostphere is great, the outdoor area is perfect provided the weather is good. There's even a fireplace. I ordered the filet mignon and it was delicious. The entire plate was not very filling considering the price you pay but it does limit your food intake if you want to lose that belly. Excellent wine selection too.
4	We have been here a few times and have always liked it.  The place is a nice place to go.  Nice place to unwind with a few drinks.  We would really like them to be open later because we love the ambience to have a few drinks.
5	Enjoyed a burger and Key Lime martini at Vogue in early July with the Main Man... Fabulous! Excellent service...
3	I have been to Vogue on several different occasions each and every time attempting to find a reason to love it.  I have never been truly successful.  I decided to give it just one more try for lunch.  I decided not to try an entree and stick to a side or appetizer.  I'm glad that I did.  I had the mac and cheese and will probably make another trip for that side dish alone.   My husband had the Vogue burger and he shared with me.  I loved the toppings, but the patty itself lacked seasoning.  Perhaps this isn't fair, but I have had too many unsatisfactory dishes there in the past that I find it hard to give Vogue more than 3 stars right now.  I would probably say my 3 stars would actually be 3.5 stars if it was possible.  If I go back and have another good dish, I will be updating my review!
4	I had passed by this swanky little spot many times on my way home from work and always wanted to try it. From the outside it just looked so inviting. But I never got around to it until my wife and I got married and needed a place to hold a wedding reception. We called Vogue and they were more than accommodating in helping us put this event together! And it was all for free. They let us basically rent out the sweet patio and which is very nicely set up with a fire place, heat warmers, and privacy shades. They even let is drop off the wedding cake and held it at the restaurant until we got there latter that evening. They made sure everything went off smoothly. They also had a nice sound system outside so I was able to dance with my wife to make everything official. Now the food is also very delicious! The menu slightly varies depending on what's fresh and what's in season. Which to me is awesome because you can always get something new there to try. They have a nice bar inside and the decor is very classy and elegant. A true gem in the middle of the desert! I would recommend anyone wanting something good and fresh to eat to defiantly go here. The prices are also very fair.
4	Great Mac and Cheese!  I mean to say get it when you go here.  One of the best dishes I have had here.  I also had the Vogue burger and while the ingredients seem to be top notch I would avoid it.  I enjoyed all the ingredients on the burger, but the meat itself lacked seasoning?  If this burger had seasoning added to the meat itself it would be a top notch burger.  At $10 it is a great value for a burger with the ingredients on it, but needs seasoning.....As for the restaurant it is on the smaller side, bistro style so not a great location to eat with a group unless you enjoy the outdoors.  I have this marked as a great lunch stop in Surprise.
5	I filed for divorce and went to Vogue to celebrate afterwards.  I had a great time!!!!  The waitress helping me was friendly, quick, and probably one of the prettiest girls I have ever had the joy of discussing my divorce with.  I got filet with the scalloped and uniquely stacked potatoes and a side of the mac and cheese.  They noodles were rich and creamy.  Very nice patrons offered to buy me drinks when they overheard my "sob" story.  No need, Vogue had a 30% off bottle of wine special so that was plenty of liquor for this man who doesn't usually drink.  To wrap things up, my amazing server presented me with a beautiful dessert platter with ice cream, creme brule and an assortment of homemade chocolates.  The atmosphere is definitely upscale but relaxed enough to the point where a nice pair of jeans and a polo won't put you out of place.  My experience was as good as it gets!!!
4	Favorite place to eat in surprise. Sweet potato fries to die for, oh and plantains yum yum. Would get  5 stars but service is a little slow.
4	Omg. The wine was great the food was even better! I had the special of wall eyed pike and spinach with linguine and a side of perfectly cooked plantain.... so worth the cheat!  An unexpected surprise in Surprise! !!! Chatted with Roman the owner, his wife is the head chef. hats of to them. If you are looking for a non chain to go for a great meal please discover the Gem Vogue Bistro!!
2	Finally made it here for dinner service.  Made a reservation for 4 at 8pm and was seated immediately at 750pm when we got there.  The hostess asked if we care for outdoor dinning, which is not my normal option, but I felt like trying something different.  So we ended up in the great outdoors on the patio.The outdoor patio is nice with a roaring fire, overhead heaters, and plenty of seating.  It is only open on one side, which faces a back alley.  Not really a star gazing setting and every so often you are a few feet away from a speeding car using the alley.  I think I will eat inside next time, wish the patio had more views, but not much to look at here.  I can also note that being outside, at least in our case reduced attention by the staff.  I almost felt forgotten at times as my soda sat empty waiting for a refill.  I would have to speak up if I wanted a refill.  I would not of noticed, but we did not receive dinner till 830pm.  So be prepared for a 30 minute wait for dinner.  I decided to go with the one of the dinner specials which was the pork tenderloin.  The polenta had an excellent taste, but was on the dry side.  Almost like it sat for awhile.  Like a film on top of it had formed on it.  The balsamic reduction was good and almost saved the dish.  With the balsamic reduction the pork tenderloin was edible.  I used the balsamic reduction t add moisture to the pork.  The pork was so over cooked that I could not eat the dry meat without dipping it into the sauce.  I could not even finish 1 tenderloin on my plate.  I usually do not send dishes back and I was trying to eat it without complaint.  Luckily Aura C. waved down a waitress and they took it away.  They did inform me that I could have something else, but at the cost of another 30 minutes of our time.  I think I lost my appetite at that point.Another dinner guest of ours noted lipstick staining on her water glass.  She ending up drinking a soda and let her water glass sit.  So after a long hour for dinner I noted our waitress came to our table a total of 4 times, that included taking the order, taking my dish away, asking if we care for desert, and taking the bill.  Of the 4 times we had to wave her down to note the pork was dry.  I can recommend lunch service, I have had great service then and good food.  I cannot recommend dinner service however.  With such inconsistent service, food, and staff I am sure I would not bring my out of town friends here to enjoy food and the city.  I can say it is a great lunch stop, but dinner still seems to need some work.  I am still trying to put this restaurant on a must eat list since it is only minutes from my house.  Looks like I need to travel still to get good service and food.
4	I was taken to the Vogue Bistro on a blind date and was thrilled by the restaurant (not so much by my company).  He didn't have a reservation but the staff was very nice and found us a seat even though it was a Saturday night.  The ambiance of the place was pleasing and comfortable.  Our waitress was awesome and very helpful, going over all the specials in detail and answering all my date's mundane questions without losing patience as I was doing.  I had the halibut and it was wonderful.  My date decided on a burger with weet potato fries.  Even though I scoffed at the idea when he ordered it, I was impressed by his dish and will definitely give it a try in the future.  I definitely recommend this place and will be back (minus the dead weight obviously).
2	I have enjoyed going to vogue bistro for quite awhile, and usually the food and service are above par.  This evening was not the case.  We began with the fritto misto, which is usually a favorite.  Tonight, the calamari was chewy and rubbery, and the whole thing was so mashed together, it was difficult to find anything individually.  My salad was just meh, as was my friend's.  My friend's son ordered the steak medium, and it came out pretty rare/medium rare.  It took our server forever to come back with the check and since we were trying to get to an event, this was annoying.  For the price, the food was not up to standard.I am not sure I will go back there.  There are plenty of other places around where I can get better for my money.
2	The first word that comes to mind about my recent experience at Vogue Bistro is "DISAPPOINTED". From start to finish, our visit was simply that, disappointing. I knew things had changed there when we waited to be greeted at the hostess stand and a server came up to greet the woman in front of us. He kept trying to seat her when all she was doing was picking up a to-go order that she had already been helped with. He finally got snippy with her when he caught on that she wasn't needing his help. I don't know why he wasn't catching on...she said it loud and clear about how she was picking up a to-go order and didnt need help. So that was the kick-off to our evening. Now in all fairness, our server was pleasant enough. She was thorough, polite, and competent. The food though was quite disappointing. The fritto misto was a hot mess. Well in this case, a cold mess. Although we were seated on the patio, you would think that in those first few seconds of being on the table, the food would be hot...not the case. It was a big, discombobulated pile of cold, fried mess. The calamari was terrible. It was chewy, overdone, and mixed in so much into the other fried items that you couldn't tell what you were eating most of the time. Every thing tasted exactly the same...flavorless.My friend and I ordered salads and my son ordered the Vogue Steak. I ordered the Vogue Salad. Most of the time when you get a frisee salad, frisee is a featured green. In this salad it is THE green. The dressing was minimal at best and the chicken was flavorless. Very disappointing. My son ordered his steak medium and one part of the onglet was rare and the other part was well done. And there was a RIDICULOUS amount of shoestring fries. It was a serving enough for 6 people. And the food took FOREVER to come out! We watched the servers waiting anxiously for the kitchen to get the orders out and could see by the body language that they were uncomfortably antsy. So all in all, I paid $97 for meh. That was for the Fritto Mess, Steak Vogue, 2 salads and 2 glasses of wine. And that chaps my hide. But I will tell you...there are better restaurants in Surprise that put out better food at far less of a dent in your wallet that will treat you like a valued guest. Go there. You will be far more satisfied than with my experience at Vogue.
3	Used to be better than it is now. Still ok to good but used to be really really good. Hate the e-mails I get it from them..... makes the Chef (Aurore) seem like a goddess. Food is good atmosphere is good price is fair for quality and portion. Example of e-mail:when Chef Aurore was in Tibet, she commanded the helicopter pilot she was flying with to swoop down so she could gather volcanic soil into a perfectly measured 8 ounce cup she just so happened to have in her pocket. Upon retriving the volcanic soil, she placed it into a 40 degree portable refrigerator  which was on board the helicopter by leaving off a passenger at Chef Aurore's insisting for quality ingredients.to maintain its integrity for the 347 hour flight home. the soil is now used as a bouquet garni for Chef Aurore's new dish featured ONLY this Thursday. Tibetan high elevation pork filet with volcanic soil mashed turnips and a wonderful garde manger 1/5 inch trinidad lettuce melange which Chef Aurore personally planted from seed and made weekly trips to trinidad to personally care for. 27.95Suggested wine pairing: Aurore's own hand selected, hand crushed and sun dried cabernet sauvignon 2009 34.00 Bottle / 11.00 glassreservations strongly recommended.I am in the restaurant business........I TOTALLY understand descriptive menus and flash words..But jeez...come on already it is OVERKILL.
5	Very good food and service. Cooked perfectly, presentation superb. West side's are unaccustomed to eating anything other than chain food so I can see how they might get confused in a real restaurant. We will eat there again
5	really good!
4	I love this place! The food here is amazing!! The prices are very good for the quality of the food. My favorites are the chicken panini and the French onion soup.  Also they have some very tasty and unique martinis!
5	A rare gem in a sea of chain food restaurants. I love eating here. The menu is refreshing and delicious. The specials have never let me down.  It is a little pricey but you get what you pay for in my opinion.
4	We went to Vogue with friends from Surprise, AZ. Our friends have dined here before and have never been disappointed. Our group consisted of nine people. Upon arrival our table was ready and we were seated promptly. Shortly after arrival all tables were occupied, inside and on the patio. The decor is modern and the ambiance high energy but conversation friendly. Our server was friendly and professional. One of the specials was Halibut Cheeks and Razor Clams. Four people ordered it and the Halibut Cheeks were excellent. However the Razor Clams were chewy. If the Halibut Cheeks were served without the Razor Clams I would award 5 stars.
3	Damn !!! We went back last night and....still down from when it opened. Food was just so so leaning to OK, No more wow factor. I wish I knew why this happened there. i would have thought this restaurant is going to break the typical mold. It doesnt.......................................Anyway I think we may go back 1 more time but with much lower expectations. Too bad it used to be a gem...now just a common stone.
5	Food is Outstanding - great wines and martinis - Love love love this place.
4	We went to Vogue Bistro for dinner tonight  and the food was excellent. I had the Vogue Burger and my husband had the salmon plus Mac n cheese. The service was really good considering its in Surprise. We were seated outside without being asked if we wanted to sit there (even though there were multiple tables inside with no one sitting at them). At first it was fine until our food came and then there were flies everywhere. Overall I think the food is a little pricey but not insanely unreasonable.
4	The West Valley's best kept secret. Beautiful space with the design of a metropolitan restaurant. Great service and very accommodating. I highly recommend the Frito Misto as a starter for a unique tasty experience! Our food was very good and it was a fun dining experience. The location is a little hard to find, but it is exactly what Surprise needs! I definitely recommend it!
5	Yum yum yum. All those interesting things you see on The Food Network you want to try,... come here. Everything is fresh, perfectly prepared, and beautifully presented. Service is prompt, well educated on the menu, etc. The atmosphere is appropriate. Our party of 7 was seated on time and waited on with the perfect balance of "there when you need them, gone when you don't". I'd definitely recommend this for any occasion, and if you're looking for a special evening, this is a wonderful place for it.
5	This is the best spot in the valley hands down. This is Scottsdale style without having to drive an hour. I just moved here from a Chicago and this place has the feeling of a big city restaurant. The French onion soup is incredible. I will be back often!
4	The place is not very big, but the quality makes up for it. No trainee chefs here. Presentation is very neat, and the food is really good. It's not cheap, but well worth the occasion. Staff is nice and attentive. Like the governator said " I'LL BE BACK" lol.
4	Ordered a Vogue Burger to go and after a little debacle with the hostess thinking I wanted to order beer to go, I was seated, served a beer while waiting, and ten minutes later  walking out the door. The burger was amazing and one of the best I have ever had, just a little undercooked when I ordered a medium well...but VERY tasty!
4	What an interesting and great place with good food and a decent location.  I really enjoyed the ambiance and the service.The meal was wonderful.   Ordered Fois Gras, escargot and the smoked salmon, then ordered the lasagna and salmon for main course.  It was all very good.  I would definitely recommend trying Vogue Bistro.
4	The staff here is usually friendly, knowledgeable and helpful. I've seen a few things from some of the wait staff that made me think it COULD be rude (overhearing other tables) but I've never had an issue with my experiences.The prices can get quite high but there are options for people on a budget.The food:The Vogue Burger is one of the best burgers I've ever had at a restaurant. They will cook it to the rarity you ask so if you are a fan of a bit more pink, go for it. I'd avoid rare because it may fall apart on you. This is a big burger.The frito misto is a personal favorite. If you like a bit more heat ask for the chipotle aioli too. Don't expect to get tons of calamari with this side. But the combination of carrot, ginger, calamari, and aioli is usually one of my favorite parts of the menu.The lemonade is crack. Stop asking me if I want another!The wife loves the salmon appetizer. I usually steal her caper berries from it. I'm not a fan of lox but even I like it.We've tried the mac and cheese once and I could totally order that as an entree (and then probably spend the next 5 hours on a treadmill).This is one of my favorite places in the west valley when it comes to just wanting to try new things. My and the wife can order a burger each and a frito misto and get out for a decent price. Or we can decide to just order a handful of apps and treat it like a tapas style meal. I've heard some mixed reviews for this place but I haven't had any issues after about 5-10 visits in the past couple of years.
1	The staff was extremely rude to my son & I from the moment we walked in. There were only 3 tables seated inside, but the hostess insisted she could only seat us on the patio in the 100+ heat, the misters were not on & we were against the window so we didn't get any air flow. The waitress turned her nose up at us & didn't bother to mention the specials she told the other guests about. We ordered a couple burgers because I read how good they were....not so much, no seasoning or flavor to the burger at all. I ordered it medium, so it still should have been juicy, but it was pink in the middle & dry. All around awful food, horrible attitude of the staff. I'll never go back & have warned many people away already. Don't waste your money on this overpriced snob joint.
4	The burgers are amazing and the other food does not disappoint!  Always looking forward to the latest Chef's special!
2	I waited over a year to finally try this place, mainly because it's nearly 25 miles from my home.  But after seeing a very positive review Thurs. night on "Check Please" my husband and I decided to give it a try.  It was packed, inside and out, so glad I made a reservation.  The place is very modern yet has a warm atmosphere and our server was great although the entrees were VERY slow coming out.  I'm not impressed with their wine selection and what they had was a little high priced.  My husband ordered the Rabbit Civet (stew) and I got the special of Sea Scallops.  I realize it's basically a French restaurant, with a French trained chef, so should not have been surprised when both our entrees were drowning in sauce!  My scallops and the vegetable tart they were sitting on were a complete mush floating in a butter/wine sauce.  Likewise, my husband said his rabbit tasted a little gamey because of the "muddy" sauce it was swimming in.  That being said, it made our bill seem even higher when it normally would have covered 3-4 people.  So, no, we won't be making the drive again.
4	The duck and farro were very tasty. The French onion soup was amazing. Had the vogue burger once before and it was one of the best burgers I have ever had.
4	I had a wonderful dining experience at Vogue. I saw the Chef in and about, so perhaps her presence really did make a difference to the quality of my dining. I set at the bar, and found the atmosphere very pleasant. This is not a big place in a middle of a strip mall, but the decor and ambiance feel quite urban. My dishes were:- Foie Gras terrine. Very good. A bit on a firm side, but very buttery and full of flavor. I could taste the hint of port wine in it. Generous portion. The grilled brioche slices were thick and delicious. The fig/apple compote was really dominated by the apple. - Duck Confit. Very flavorful but mixed feelings. The Duck leg (a single one you get with the dish) was one of the best I ever had. Crispy skin and wonderfully rich flavor. However, I wasn't a big fan of the presentation. It comes positioned among two giant green leaves with 5 or 6 roasted potato slices. Given it's summer i understand the logic behind this, I just didn't think it worked all that well. The date vinaigrette was great on a duck, but it made little sense on potatoes (which were covered in it) . While the duck was the star of the dish, I felt it was oddly portioned compared to the other dishes on the menu.- Creme brulee (which was recommended as their staple) had good taste, but really odd texture. Watery and had some clumps in in. Just wasn't the luscious smooth feel i'd come to expect. I barely touched the dish, and it was promptly taken off the bill without my asking. Kudos. - Dissent wine selection. The mixed drinks also looked good, though i didn't try them.Having only been to the restaurant once, I do not know how consistent they are. What I can say, is that there are few other options in the area that provide non-chain food made with fresh ingredients. Indeed they are a little pricey, but when you options are the stale chain restaurants you can't complain too much. I'd come back if i'm in the area.
4	Delicious food, knowledgeable staff, and a modern-chic setting. I loved the Vogue Martini and my husband enjoyed his Vogue Manhattan. The Vogue Burger was nothing short of perfection. It was prepared just as I ordered it and had a well-balanced flavor. The sweet potato fries with maple dipping sauce were a perfect pairing. We moved to the area this past spring and love living here even more now that we have a restaurant like Vogue Bistro on our block. It's perfect for a date night or even a night out with good friends!
4	Went here for the first time.  The eggplant was the best I've ever  had!  Very unique! The salmon was tasteful!  We will definitely return!  Service and atmosphere was very good.
5	We had Chef Auroa prepare dinner for our anniversary.  The menu, presentation, wines and service were the best we have reverted experienced.
4	We went back again last night. It got better again. Food was good service was good. Still not quite as good as wen it first opened but a-ok.
2	Visiting the Surprise area for a week looking for a good restaurant.  Thought we had it with Vogue, but was badly disappointed.  My wife ordered their signature lamb dish and found it barely edible.  My burger was fair at best--better at Five Guys or Smashburger.  Did like the sweet potato fries, however.
5	What the hell is this place doing in Surprise?  It's way too nice to be appreciated by the unsophisticated inhabitants of the west valley, right?  Geez, I don't even know if you can buy foie gras anywhere else west of the 17.  Seriously, though, this is an amazing restaurant in a part of the valley that you rarely find one.There are a very select group of restaurants where you walk into them and think "This would be the ideal place to try something I've never had before."  Vogue is that place.  Anyway, great service, great food, great wine list.  The food is very reasonably priced, and I haven't been disappointed with anything I've ever ordered here.  Only thing I'd criticize?  The bread.  Not soft enough.
2	This was a second trip to this restaurant, but compared to the first visit......it was not good. Service was slow. Food was disappointing. Took 5 min. To get a fork to eat my meal. The duck was ok, but boring. Served with a medallion potato that could have come from mcdonalds. 2 of the meals were cold and had to be redone. The skirt steak arrived as the rest of us were finishing. And the meat tasted "old"..... Not fresh. We were there at 6 and it wasn't crowded, but their excuse was that they were still catching up from an earlier rush. Lame.
5	We love this place! They have the best burgers in the state, hands down! Great selection of craft beer, nice mixed drinks and the rest of the menu is solid too. We also love the atmosphere, very dark and romantic. Not like any other restaurant you will find in Surprise, I guarantee that!
4	I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the Vogue Bistro last night. I was expecting something cookie cutter, but this place definitely was not. The Vogue burger was delicious. My husband and I brought out of town guests and they thoroughly enjoyed themselves. Great atmosphere and martini selection. Will be back for sure!
4	While the wait was pretty long, the food was delicious.  My husband had the rabbit stew and I had the eggplant parm.  They offer a few choices for kids' meals, decently priced as well.  We spent WAY more than a typical meal for the 4 of us, but it was nice to treat ourselves.
5	Always great food! Nice wine selection. We always sit at the Bar. Heather is amazing! Love this place!
1	Worst place ever!!!!!!!!!!Mananger sucks! No class.The only thing that was good at this place was the water and the choclate cake.Felt like i was eating at a nursing home. Food was sooo dried out. I think they use frozen meals!WAYY OVER PRICEDWASTE OF $$$$$$ Dont go! Beware!!!!!!!
5	Very good food and yummy drinks! It is my husband's and my date night. If you like martinis this is the place.  I get the Lactose, it's light and refreshing. My husband gets the Makers Side Car which has orange flavoring paired nicely with the whiskey. A definite try here is Surprise.
5	Great dinner.  The hamburgers and french fries were great.  People in our group also tried meatloaf and french onion soup.  Everyone really liked what they ordered.  The ambiance is very cool and interesting.  Our server was excellent.  It was a very good experience and we will definitely return.
3	This was my second time at Vogue Bistro. The first time we stopped in for cocktails, last night we stopped in for dinner and drinks. Both times, I hate to say, were mediocre at best. On an impromptu date night, my beau and dressed up and headed to the fanciest place in Surprise, Vogue Bistro. We arrived around 7pm and were seated immediately. Our waitress was wonderful and the service was great. However the drinks were OKAY.My beau got an Old Fashion while I indulged in a Prada Martini. The Old Fashion was watered down and not very good. The Prada Martini was good but nothing spectacular.For dinner we order the Steak Vogue and the Roasted Chicken. The chicken seasoned well and not dry. The carrots and potatoes were nicely roasted and complimented nicely. However, the steak was not good. It was bland and cooked medium rare, while he had asked for it to be medium. Beau barely ate a quarter of it. The fries that came with it however were very good. I'd hate to give this place a 3 star review since it's so well received in the community, but it just didn't live up to expectations. Better luck next time.
5	Chef Aurore is amazing and her cuisine is too! The whole farm to table concept comes to life here and you can taste it. I am amazed every time we go to eat there. I have had the Stuffed Mushrooms, Oysters Rockefeller,  Beef Skewers, Duck Confit, Alaskan Salmon, Roasted Chicken, Meatloaf, as well as various daily specials. I love her French twist on some traditional favorites. If you pass up the Creme Brulee you are a fool, it is wonderful. I definitely recommend you give Vogue a try.
2	Visited Vogue tonight.  Our second time there.   The place was busy. (Thursday)  Had a good table and our server, Shawn, was very engaging and friendly.  However, he had way too many tables assigned to him.   Service was somewhat slow.  He quoted a price on the house wine $10 too low and then was 'disappointed' we called him on it.  We still gave him the 20% tip because he was working hard.  The double order of raw oysters were very good, but oddly no soda crackers were available.   The Meatloaf was mushy.  Asparagus was the thick, heavy stalk variety.  Quite tough.  The au gratin potatoes were 10 degrees above room temp.  The Hangers Beef Steak had very little flavor.  Oysters, A martini, a glass of house pino noir and a bottle of same, two entrees, no desert.  My bill totaled $181.00   All four in our group decided our meals were OKAY....  but not worth a another visit.
5	French cooking at its best! Vogue Bistro provides a wonderful atmosphere for a couple or a group. I've done both. A great selection of cocktails martinis compliments a menu that leaves nothing to be desired.Personally I like everything I've ever ordered here especially the meatloaf, steaks, and any of the chef specials. You won't be disappointed no matter what you get.
1	There were so many things wrong with this place. Even though we had a reservation, we had to wait 15 minutes to get seated after our scheduled time. First off, let me say that I have lived in Paris and other parts of France but it has been many years.AMBIANCE: Eclectic decor, imagine black, white, and pink. Unfortunately, my view was of a huge flat screen TV in a gilded frame over the bar with a basketball game playing. If this "embodies Aurore's vision of an original authentic restaurant" I'd like to know what bistro in France she had in mind. I'll be going back to Paris soon, so I'll update my review if I am wrong. Also, not so classy to walk by an open tray of silverware (health code violation?) on the way to being seated, of which our hostess later was wrapping in cloth napkins ON the hostess station at the entrance as her side work. Upon being seated, table was bare: NOTHING, no place setting, no candles, nada. What were we waiting for?FOOD: I was a little surprised (no pun in intended!) to see Italian and other non-French items on the menu such as lasagna and eggplant parmesan. I guess this is what they mean by "classic French techniques with traditional American influences," but again, I'll let you know when I see meatloaf on a Paris bistro menu and eat my words. Forget about the mushroom appetizer; READ: VERY SMALL, as there are only 2 stuffed mushroom caps on the plate. Beforehand, I had asked the waiter if they were portobello, which at first he agreed but then retracted. I can see why. The foie gras was okay, but I would have preferred a seared version of this dish.We waited OVER AN HOUR for our entrees to arrive. And even then, my filet, compared to the other diners at the table who ordered the same, was smaller and overcooked. The sauce was very nice and I can see how this was part of the chef's training. I also liked the potatoes au gratin. Unfortunately, this dish is very small for the price: I've had airplane meals in coach bigger than this. Overall, this place is OVERPRICED.SERVICE: Our waiter had a little bit of an attitude, so this was in line with an authentic French bistro; however, his lack of efficiency and attention to our table was not. He never poured our wine even once after serving it and we never saw him during our long sojourn waiting for our entrees. After he dropped off the entrees, he NEVER came back to even ask how everything was. Actually, he never once asked how anything was. And at the end he only made excuses for why the kitchen could not handle such a busy night. So what's your excuse for poor service?Gordon Ramsay would have a FIELD DAY with this place. Think Amy's Baking Company....everyone here must be in denial of how bad things are. And Ramsay would tear another one on the chef for arrogantly referring to this place as an authentic French bistro "with reasonably priced food of very high quality served by knowledgeable and attentive staff." Maybe people in Surprise who have never traveled internationally or even eaten in an excellent restaurant may think this place is the balls, but she's not fooling me.
4	I've been here twice-once for lunch and once for dinner. I was pleased both times. Service was good and the food was excellent! The calamari appetizer is wonderful!! Killer martinis too! I'll definitely be back again!
2	Food is great! Service sucks! The two times we went we waited 1hr just to get our appetizer and 2 hours just to get our dinner!!! Sorry I can't eat at a place like that, wait is way to long staff isn't that professional! Worst thing I could ever experience at a restaurant! The two star is for the food, everything else was horrible! It's very unfortunate bc they have good food. Very unorganized no system! I also had reservation both times, first time they lost it, second time they didn't have a table for us!
5	Great place. The Vogue burger is hands down the best burger available in Surprise. This isn't your every day type of burger though, it is truly gourmet. The French Onion Soup is fantastic as well. Servers are friendly. Drinks are plenty. Highly recommended.
4	Showed up at 4:00. It was not that busy. I had the Vogue burger, it had caramelized onions, a few crumbles of blue cheese and cooked perfectly (med-rare). They serve the shoe string fries. Menu has something for everyone, I'm guessing the meatloaf and burger and other american dishes are to appease the cowboys in AZ. I didn't have to ask for drink refills, the manager stopped by the table, overall good first impression. I'll come back for some of the french offerings next time.
5	I've been going here for almost 6 years. I love the fact you can go into here and get and amazing burger for 10 bucks or work your way up to the Chef's Specials. There is nothing on there menu that is bad, and I know I've had everything. French Onion soup, Escargot, and the Meatloaf is my favorite. I know what you're thinking Meatloaf... Yes it is amazing. Definitely grab some Martini's while you're here. Heather is the Bar Manager, and all of her cocktails are amazing!
5	Thoroughly enjoyed our meal.  Beef skewers and caprese salad were delish..  Servers Sean and Dana were friendly and attentive.
1	Went to have lunch but they we're closed although their sign said closed for the holiday and that was yesterday. Well they just lost my business and the gift certificate I have as well will be given to someone else.
2	Way, way, way too expensive for the modest quality of the food.With reservations, we waited about 15 minutes for our crowded two-top table, and then another 15 for two martinis "the bar was backed up".Then, the food came out too fast--that is the entree was placed on the table to the side of our unfinished first courses.  The bill was around 100 per person with desert, and unlike our experience at many other restaurants in this price range, we left frustrated with the poor service, and the over crowded feeling in the small, cramped dining room.Unless they improve the overall experience, The Vogue will not live up to its own hype.
5	Back again last night.  We frequently go to this restaurant as that good is fantastic, employees are always happy and knowledgeable, and the chef is outstanding.  One member of our party tried the scallops special with a lobster sauce which she rated as a ten out if ten. Vogue steaks were great as always and the flat bread appetizer was terrific.  Be sure to make reservations especially during winter visitor times.
3	Wife and I decided to try something different and new for dinner so we came to vogue.  There were a lot of retirees and a lot of regulars so we figured it should be good. They have waaaay more drinks then they have food options. She couldn't find anything to eat so she settled with bruschetta which she didn't like.  I got the vogue burger because I didn't feel like paying a million dollars on a dish that could be mediocre. The burger was awesome and well cooked.  They seemed to have an army of waiters and waitresses yet the service was insanely slow.  We got the wrong bill and waited forever to get a chance to pay it.  In the end.... it's a strip mall restaurant trying to be high end.
4	Vogue Bistro is a great place for a beautiful dinner!  I went here to celebrate my birthday and my dads birthday.  It was unique in a location where finding high quality upscale dining at a reasonable price is difficult. Must haves: brussel sprouts, stuffed mushrooms and caprese salad. I also really enjoyed the dry creek Zinfandel!!Service was excellent - more of a slow dining experience but the staff was very knowledgable!
5	I have been loving Chef Aurora cooking for many years at the Singh Farm. this is the Biggest treat being here at her restaurant  ...And feeling very Thankful to have her in my life ... For me it was love at first bit..! She is so beautiful in an out and her passion for food is pure Love ..and Heavenly..!!!  I am in Heaven right now !!! ;))) The Restaurant has a very Cool vibe... Very pretty and The meal It exceeded my expectations .. NO I new it was going to blow me away ..!!;) And It did ...xoxoxox
5	My family and I were fortunate enough to have our Thanksgiving dinner at this fabulous French restaurant. The three course entree did not disappoint. We all chose the squash medley soup, as our appetizer, which was outstanding. My sister and mother chose the turkey roulade dinner and could not stop raving about the fantastic flavors. I chose the salmon entree with which was perfectly cooked and seasoned to perfection. The ambiance was lovely, as always, and the staff was friendly and attentive. The meal itself was generous as far as proportions. We were so full we took our desert, exquisite pumpkin cheesecake, home to enjoy. It was a great decision to have our holiday meal here. When you are not quite up for cooking a full thanksgiving fare at home this is the place to go. What a treat!!
3	Tucson flatbread was good but eggplant was fair.  Bill asked if we wanted to add 20 percent or 25 percent tip.  Who does that?
2	I have dined at Vogue on five occasions. The first two were with my husband at night and the food and service was lovely. The other three times were for lunch and I was there with either a friend or a teenager. This was always a conscious decision to have a meal that costs a bit more in exchange for excellent service and unique food. The lunch experiences were not impressive. The portions were unfulfilling. I also noticed that the service I received was directly in ratio with how well we were dressed. My sons and I in our jeans and T shirts received a lot less attention than when I came well dressed with a friend. I felt almost unwelcome the last time we were there and we had just taken a break from packing. I saw the waitress once during my meal. I recalled the same treatment another time I came in dressed down but I made excuses for them. So I have never returned. My shoes cost $230, my bag $250, my jeans are $74 on sale. I am a generous tipper. I will never go anywhere where I am not considered the equivalent of the well dressed people at the tables near me.
