4	Since I moved to this area last year, I've prayed every day for a Vietnamese restaurant on this side of town and lo and behold- we finally have one! It's even biking distance!  This place is very newly opened with unremarkable interior- in other words, exactly like the types of Vietnamese restaurants I would frequent in my childhood in Utah and California.  The people are super sweet, and the old man had extra kind and gracious manners. I got two bowls of pho tai for takeout, and was pleased to see that saw leaf herb was included (rau ngo om ).  Saw leaf herb is typically a little pricier than the standard bean sprouts and basil, so I always give extra kudos when extra effort is made in including this very traditional herb.  The broth itself was solid; I usually like a little more anise flavor but it was still favorable nonetheless.  All in all, I was very pleased and hope they receive the support they deserve!
2	This place apparently opened a little over a month ago. The people are friendly but barely speak any English. Husband had the pho dac biet - it was alright, he said. I had the com thit nuong - the porkchop was pretty decent, but the rice was definitely old and microwaved (I also could hear them using the microwave in the back).  I ordered a small bowl of pho tai gan sach for the boy, and there was ONE sach (tripe) in the bowl.  Others below have said their pho is delicious but then go on to say they ordered the "seafood" one...I'm sorry, but if there is seafood in your pho, you are NOT ordering pho - that's more of either their "mi" dish or their "hu tieu" dish...true pho does not have seafood in it. With that said, I was hoping this place would be really good since it's so close to my house, but unfortunately, I will probably not be coming back to this place again, nor do I think this place will be open for much longer either.  Back to Viet Kitchen I go...
4	This place is pretty remarkable. Granted, we were a little throw off by the interior but boy do they make up for it with authentic, delicious pho. The owners are extremely friendly and welcoming, language barrier and all. We loved the spring rolls and look forward to frequenting this great spot.Give it a try, you wont regret it!
5	5 stars for the Pho. The decor is minimal but I do not care about that when the food is good. I ordered the combination pho it came in a huge bowl for a good price and served with a plate with bean spouts, peppers, parsley and Vietnamese basil. I will be back again. Can't wait to try the spring rolls.
4	food is very delicious, never had vietnamese food but i now find my self eating here everyday for lunch.
5	Delish!!! I love pho but I hate it that I always come out smelling like fish from Vietnamese places, not this one. The cleanest, friendliest, and one of the yummiest services ever!  I'm going to be a regular since I just moved to the area. :)
5	Good food, very nice people running the place, and the Viet Namese iced coffee was good, too.  Will definitely be heading back soon.
3	A mom n pop kinda place.  Small, pho was good, shrimp roll was okay...but then againI grew up in Toronto, Canada where we have a huge Vietnamese population and pho places are everywhere, cheap and tasty!Satisfied my pho craving while in Scottsdale.
5	Excellent Pho.  I had the usual, spring rolls and Pho Thai.  The peanut sauce for the spring rolls was not the best.  The deep broth wasn't overpowered by the anise and came with lots greens, cilantro and green onions.  I'm going back.
5	Delicious pho tai! A secret gem tucked away in a little strip mall. Definitely not a place to go for the atmosphere but for amazing Vietnamese food.
5	A very nice couple was working. No, they don't speak much English but you can tell they are learning. Plus the food was very authentic and the menu was varied. It's not in a pretty spot but it's clean. I couldn't find the hours or phone number so I just posted a pic with the back of their menu with that info.
4	Great food and friendly people. The PHO is the best! The PHO CHICKEN was hot and very tasty. Very clean and fast service. Glad to see PHO on this side of town. Want to try every PHO Bowl on the menu.
5	Excellent Pho! Highly recommend. The wife and I both had the shrimp pho with all the fixens. We will be back!
5	Delicious pho! These tiny restaurants seem to guarantee fresh, authentic ingredients and fantastic customer service. Ma and Pop are dolls, barely speak English, but are serving up hearty bowls of my favorite Vietnamese dish: seafood pho. It's a must try. The number to call for carry out is (602) 923-0241. I had a hard time finding it.
5	We are pretty picky with the places we eat at. So this place seemed very simple and it was not in the best neighborhood.  However, the food was very fresh and the owner and his wife are very nice.  A very pheasant surprise.
4	Needing energy in prep for an afternoon hike in nearby Lookout Mountain, I went here because it was one of the few places open on Christmas day. This no-frills restaurant is small and clean and the service is friendly. I ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls and the chicken pho -- both were very good. The food was inexpensive, typical of most Vietnamese restaurants in the Valley.
4	I went to Pho A.V. with my family last night.  Our waitress (the only one working there) did not speak English but was extremely sweet and accommodating.  I had the Seafood Pho which I was nervous to order but it was amazing!  The little fried squid pieces and fish balls absolutely MADE the Pho.  On the table the have reusable plastic chopsticks and tiny bowls to use for all the sauces.  I was a big fan.  My mother ordered the Rare Beef Pho and really enjoyed it as well.  We also ordered the Spring Rolls and they were delicious!  If you can handle a very basic looking restaurant in a sketchy area in the name of great food, I would highly recommend this place.
4	This is not the best Pho place I've ever eaten at, but it is the best in the Valley!  I had two slightly different experiences. The first, I found the Pho under seasoned and too lightly flavored.  The second, the Pho was perfectly concentrated and seasoned and really tasted delicious.  I would go back and give it another try!
5	The lady who works here can hardly speak any English but she doesn't need to because of how delicious the Pho Tai is. I always stick with the Pho Tai, egg rolls, and spring rolls. I wish they had the dish that has fried eggs on top but I can't complain this place is delicious.
3	Usually I only get Pho of some kind and spring rolls, so this is really what my review is covering. I come here because its near my house. The food can be good, but my experiences have been mixed. When I've eaten here the couple who owns the restaurant is always very nice, especially the wife. The Pho Tai has been good, but not always, I think once, this was because business was slow that day. I could here him nuking the broth in a microwave. The meat appeared and tasted old. On other occasions things have been right on and flavorful.I would say if you ordering to go it is at your own risk. Usually the portions are really small. And while the man is nice in the restaurant, on one occasion he was really rude on the phone. It went something like this. (Me) "I'd like to order for take out" (Him) "hurry up, It's too busy right now" and then hangs up, literally a second later. That ticked me off, oh well I'll forgive him if this place is all I have time for, otherwise, I strongly recommend Saigon Nites, if you can make the drive a little further into Scottsdale. I haven't had anything better than that near this area. Their spring rolls are the best if you like a lot of herbs!! Viet Kitchen on Cave Creek and the 101 is adequate, and in the downtown area nothing beats Pho Thanh, best bargain menu for any type of food!! Happy Pho Day!
5	Amazing food..it is obvious this couple puts tender loving care in all they do. Im having fun going and trying different things on the menu. A must try for all who want to tantalize their taste buds.....A plus....michelle
5	I love this little jewel of a place. The pho is traditional Vietnamese fare that is wholesome and amazing . I come at least once a week. Don't miss out on this really great place.
1	I was surprised to find out there was a new Vietnamese restaurant so close to my house. I usually go to Da Vang on 19th Ave. I was hopeful this would be my new place to go...Unforunately, it won't be. Like previous reviews stated, there was a definite communication barrier with the waitress. I did not recieve what I ordered but when I pointed out the issue she didn't understand so I just ate what she brought. The pho wasn't bad but it wasn't the best I've had. My main issue with this place was the fact that nothing, and I mean NOTHING was cooked fresh in that kitchen. Every SINGLE thing that came out of the kitchen was heated up in the microwave. I kept hearing the ding ding ding of the microwave and then a bowl of soup would come out. In my opinion pho just doesn't taste as good when it's reheated, especially in a microwave. Perhaps it had to do with the fact that the owner was the only one in there and maybe he thinks its faster/easier to just reheat instead of cooking things fresh, regardless I did not like the results. I sincerely hope the owner does well, but I will not be going back. I will go back to my usual place. Although its further, at least I know my soup will be hot and fresh. They're so busy I bet they cook it multiple times a day.
5	I love eating pho, and since I was in the valley, I decided to give this place a try. Very good pho, not the best, but very tasty.Yes, there is a communication barrier. Despite that, the waitress was very nice and friendly. Don't let the exterior of the restaurant deceive you. Will be coming back! :)
5	So, 7pm, we are watching TV and for some reason I say to my hubby: "So, you have not tried a Vietamese restaurant, uh?" We usually have dinner around 5-6~ but we had not eaten yet... I had only gone to 2 pho places and my favorite was way West, so that was a no-no.I checked Yelp and found Pho A.V.On our way we are.The service was great, and since our Vietnamese is... non existent... we just ate whatever the owner recommended... Spring Rolls (pork) with peanut sauce, #8 pho, and daughter ordered sesame shrimp (#45)If you are familiar with the options, the lady waitress can take the numbers, if you need additional details or have a special request you may need to communicate directly with the owner.We also had the iced coffee with condensed milk. The service was great, they are super friendly. Also, the water was really good...
4	I've been here a couple times. After reading about how good the pho tai was, I had to try it. It is really good. Next time a different menu item.
5	This is a good little "hole-in-the-wall" type restaurant. Where this term is usually saved for greasy American and Mexican food, I think this term fits the bill here. The Pho here is one of the more authentic Pho I've had here in Arizona. This is a no frills, no hype, non-fancy type of place. When you walk in, your initial thought is to walk right out. But I'm glad I stayed and gave this place a try, and I promise you will not be sorry for staying and ordering some yummy Pho. The lone waitress that is there does not speak English very well, but she'll understand everything that you're ordering. Don't expect to hold a conversation with her though. The several times I've been there, I've only tried their Pho and have yet to try any other dish, not because it's not appealing, but because the Pho there is so good. I may have to order something else next time I'm there so that I can review that food. Also, do yourself the favor of totally disregarding the 1 star review where this person says the food is microwaved. That person said, "I kept hearing the ding ding ding of the microwave and then a bowl of soup would come out." Please, that proves nothing. On top of that, I've never heard any "ding ding ding" all the times I've been here. Some people just like to write bad reviews. When I see ridiculous reviews like that one, I always think of the line in "The Dark Knight" where Alfred says, "Some men just want to watch the world burn." lol
5	Great Spring rolls! Generous amount of BBQ pork insiden peanut sauce was yummy! I had #6 beef pho, broth was very good a little siracha added and I ate all of it! Language could be a barrier she spoke almost no english but our orde was correct.
2	I got the combination pho and it didn't have much flavor to it and the portion was very small for the price.
4	Mom and pop operation. Very nice people. Food is good. Love their veggie egg rolls that come w green leaf lettuce, cilantro, mint. Chicken fried rice dish is large and tasty. My staff loves the pho. I haven't tried it yet.
4	This place needs to STAY!!   Absolutely the best Vietnamese in the valley. I have only had one better Bun, and that was in San Fransisco (which makes sense as there is a huge Asian population there). We have been there twice and both times the food was delicious. Different flavors, but shouldn't be scary for the 'American' palate. Both times we had the #16 Bun w pork. And the #20 Soft egg noodle w veges and beef. And the wonderful spring rolls. As the other reviews have noted, not much atmosphere ( I may take my iPod speakers next time). The server is extremely friendly and helpful. When we had dinner there the last time, I had mixed my pork and veges and noodles as your supposed to do, But she stopped by and put the rest of my sauce (kind of a light dressing) on my food and motioned to mix it more. I bet she wanted to help me and do it herself. Very cute.
5	I absolutely love this place, the seafood pho is delicious & they know my order when I walk in. They're always very pleasant, I come at least once a week. Great prices as well!
5	Awesome! Excellent service and the food was great. Prices were also very reasonable. Highly recommend !
4	First visit. Not a particular fan of their spring rolls, but the best pho I've found in the area since the Nam Sao closed. I'll be back.
2	I think this is the worst Vietnamese food I've ever had. When we walked in the restaurant was empty except for the waitress. The spring rolls were okay, but the peanut sauce was watery. I had the Bun, and the meat tasted like it was cooked leftovers. You can hear the waitress back in the kitchen putting everything in the microwave. Maybe if they had some sort of music, you wouldn't be able to hear that. We come down from Sedona and enjoy having pho when we come to town.  I definitely won't be coming back to this one.
5	This is so delicious!  I love the egg rolls wrapped with the fresh basil, cilantro, and lettuce. The fresh veggies/herbs with the crunch is one of the best things I've eaten. The pho is wonderful. Huge portions. Reasonable prices. I'm a fan!
1	Wow, I am shocked by all the great reviews of this place. The spring rolls were about a 4 out 10. I ordered tofu with curry sauce. The sauce was very bland and the tofu tasted of freezer burn and had the consistency of chewing gum.Awful food.
4	It was our anniversary and we decided to get some pho. Opened up my trusty Yelp app and searched. I quickly found Pho AV. Read some reviews and decided to go for it. We knew what we were getting into. Little ambiance, no house music. Our table was a little sticky too. All this and we were still on board. We ordered the shrimp Pho and the chicken version. Also added 4 spring rolls. 2 too many. They were good. Not great. The shrimp were properly cooked. There were a few more noodles in it for my taste but the, what I think was pork was not good. Grey, fatty and largely cut. Making it a tough chew. I have to say we were the only ones in the place. The owners were very nice but after ordering they disappeared and I heard the microwave. I cringed a little. So back to the spring rolls. I didn't hate them. The peanut sauce was fine. Done. Now the Pho. We're served the traditional garnishes on a speared plate and an ample bowl of broth and noodles laced with lightly charred onions. The broth was clear and seasoned but not overly. The flavors were subtle and clean. The chicken was white meat and shredded. It tasted a bit of the fridge. I'm nitpicking. It was good. The prices are very affordable and I'd like to try some other dishes. It smelled of curry when we walked in and I'm eager to try it when I return.
4	Good service. Spring rolls were good, but the sauce was too watery. The com thit nuong was a little below average. The pho was amazing!!! (After all, the pho is what makes the pho restaurant right? ) Pho broth was so good that I didn't have to add anything to it, and the meat portions were generous
4	Is it a dive? Yes. Is it the best I've ever had? No. But it's close to home, it's cheap, and if you venture out of the norm, it's pretty damn good. I am in love with the soft/fried egg noodle shrimp (#19) I've had it done both soft and fried and they were both absolutely stellar. The flavor in the sauce, the crunch of the veggies, and the added black pepper on top just make this dish so much more than any bowl of Pho for me.
5	I have had the Pho Ga and Pho Tai.  Both are great.  It is now a regular stop in my weekly lunch spots.
5	Amazing pho. It's a huge serving for 8$! The broth is great and the veggie toppings are fresh. It's a hole in the wall place in a strip mall but it's so worth it.
2	Food was good...but atmosphere and service could use some help. It also didn't seem very clean. It was very warm and they weren't running the A/C.  Needs decorations, a thorough cleaning, and major renovations.  I feel bad to give this review as I am sure the owners have limited finances. I have also only been one time...so it could have been an off day.   I truly wish this place well, with money and renovations it could be an AMAZING little hole in the wall Pho place. I would come back...just most likely I would get take out next time.
5	Looking at this place on the surface made me a little hesitant. Once I got past the very "hole in the wall" appearance, I was nothing but impressed.The food is amazing. The portions are huge. The prices are dirt cheap. The staff was very friendly and attentive. It's nothing fancy, but if you just want some great Vietnamese food at a low key place, this is winner.Very glad we took a chance on this place, stillWe'll be back!
3	The food was very good.  I was the only customer the evening I went.  I planned on picking up and returning to my hotel room. (I was in the area on business).  My only complaint was that it was a sauna when I walked in.  The air was stagnant and not moving.  It had been a hot day so it was disappointing to walk in from dry heat into stagnant heat.  On the upside, the food aromas, stuck because of the heat, were very yummy smelling.  I'd visit it again if I happened to be in the area and it was a cooler day.
5	Food was very good and being Vietnamese myself I would say this is as close to my moms cooking as it will get. Super cheap hole in the wall. I would recommend this place.
5	Actual authentic and delicious Vietnamese in Phoenix!! This place was such an exciting find.. The food is great, wonderful pho- we had the chicken one and seafood with both being delicious. Also great curry and good spring rolls.. I also liked that they have really lovely service. Most amazing part was that it's owned and run entirely by a husband who does all the cooking and his wife who is the waitress. Despite being very busy everything was perfect. They speak minimal English which was just fine with us and added to the authentic feel. FYI we have eaten Vietnamese all over the country/world and the restaurants are always no frills. Not exactly a romantic night but good cooking.
4	I've caught a cold or something from somewhere and have been dying for some soup to help. In comes Pho A.V. to save the day!It's a small little mom & pop restaurant. The owners don't speak English very well, but they do know how to make a mean pho. Their menu is pretty extensive but so far I've just had their amazing pho.I came in for lunch last week. I sat down with no problem and was waited on promptly. I order the combination pho. It came with all the dressings on the side. Everything was delicious! My only complaint is that there wasn't enough tripe.I've been back once or twice since. Totally inexpensive and so so delicious!Pho for the win!
5	Outstanding.  Pho was perfect, though the beef combination was supposed to have tendon and oxtail, I didn't get much of either.     Would be nice to have an option for just tendon or oxtail.   Lime grass chicken was superb.  Never had flavor like that before. Nice and mellow, sparse decor.  Old Vietnam war propaganda on the wall. Don't go for a dining experience, go for killer food and a full belly.
4	Really good food! I mean it, just really good wholesome food especially when craving Pho.Ambiance is... Well, it's simple. No music playing. No fancy decorations. Booths on the right side and regular tables with chairs on the left side. No hostess stand that I could remember so my friend and I just sat ourselves at one of the booths. My friend wanted nothing else but Pho for her birthday and her favorite go-to place was closed so we ended up here. Compiled with a Food City strip mall and some abandoned stores nearby, the outside is not very promising but that's where some of the best "hole in the walls" are found. Exterior and I guess simple interior aside, once we bit into our shrimp spring rolls and dipped them into the peanut sauce, we soon forgot the surroundings and became immersed in our food. The shrimp pho was one of her favorites. I enjoyed curry with shrimp and carrots and potatoes. These dishes were so simple yet very full of flavor and comforting with how cold it's been this December holiday season. There was only one waitress handling all the tables and it was a bit hard to understand what she was saying but it didn't matter because she figured out exactly what we wanted when we ordered. There were only 2 patrons when we walked in but by the time we were done eating, the small humble restaurant was nearly full! Who knew that noon on a Sunday would be a prime time for craving Pho? Even though service fell a little behind as it got busier, my friend and I found the place charming in its own way, but mainly because of how the food made us feel! We will definitely return again!
4	Small place but definitely worth trying.I ordered chicken pho and I would say it was more than enough for one person. This was my second time having a Pho and the flavor was amazing. It had the mild taste of herbs and that made it really  delicious.
5	Been here 5 times and each time the "rare Beef pho" it has been consistent and perfect. No ambiance what so ever, but server is attentive and responsive. If you like pho you will like this place.
