4	Affectionatly referred to as 'the squirrel cage', the squirrel hill cafe rules. It's got a relaxed atmosphere, cheap food, cheap beer, and decent surroundings. The crowd is often odd, with some random creepy people at the bar, often gatherings of older folks at the early side of the evening, and as it gets late lots of alternative college-aged kids roll on in. It's good times. Have a few pitchers, stumble home and you'll be back at the squirrel cage.
4	Almost perfect. If you live in Squirrel Hill, there's no excuse for drinking and driving. This bar is easy to walk to, and it's on a great bus-line too.Squirrel Hill may not have a raging bar scene, but it has the Cage and what more do want, really? Some stupid themed lounge? Brightly colored cocktails? Overpriced bar food that is pretending to be some sort of cuisine? If so, you know where to find them. If not, try the Squirrel Cage.It's the kind of place where, depending on the day of the week and the time of evening, you can show up with a pack of cards and a group of friends and chill.  Or you can come a little later and enjoy a slightly louder, more crowded atmosphere.The beers are good, and cheap. The food is cheap. Period. On second thought, an order of lousy onion rings never hurt anyone. But "Cafe" is maybe a misnomer.It'd be nice if Uncle Sam's stayed open later and you could bring your sandwich and/or fries here. How brilliant would that be for (oh, rare pleasure!) late night eats in Squirrel Hill?
5	What's not to like about the Squirrel Cage?  It's not a theme bar, you'll not find any cheesy decor or anything fancy that matter.  It's simply a great neighborhood place.  As other posters say, it's a place to have good, cheap, greasy food and a beer (okay, so I'm primarily a non-drinker).  It's a great place to people watch too because here you see people as they really are.  They come here and they act like themselves and aren't putting on an act like at some lame club.
4	I love the Cage!  I didn't go there nearly enough in my Pgh. heyday, but I got a visit in every couple of weeks.  The grilled cheese sandwich is killer.Last time I checked, the jukebox was pretty great, too.  A fun place to crowd into a booth with your friends and b.s. for a while.
4	Good bar burgers and very friendly service. Guy at the bar is really good at remembering who you are making this place have a very comfortable hangout atmosphere. Salads are just kind of okay...but it is a smallish and not so expensive bar so that's to be expected. Good selection of beer. Sports games are often on when I've been. The place has a very Pittsburgh "feel". Sometimes seating gets crowded.
3	oh how I wanted to love this place. It just wouldn't let me.  I like crowded bars sometimes but not when i can't get to the bar, or in to the bathroom.The beer was cheap though. YAY cheap beer.
3	A pretty big beer selection for guys plus a lot of fruity liquors for girls, a no-frills food menu that includes pretty decent fries, and zero pretentiousness means that this is a fair to good place to catch up with friends.  The smoke gets annoying after a while, which is really my only gripe.  But other than that - A-OK.
4	What an awesome neighborhood joint. As an out of towner I was lucky to get taken here! No frills food, drinks and company. Great jukebox with a wide selection and lovely waitresses that don't ask if you want another drink...they ask if you want another pitcher. It's set on the main strip in the neighborhood and has a great feel. Even my first time here I felt super comfortable, nice dive bar feel without being super...divey.Make sure and tag the chalkboard in the womens bathroom, much more civilized than a sharpie!
4	My grad school advisor recently warned me that I should stay away from this place. So when one of his students suggested that I check it out with him at 1AM, my answer was quick and predictable. :)When we got there, the place had a very nice energy for 1AM. Like someone else said - divey, but not divey in the "I hope that guy doesn't come over here" way. No, more divey in the "Hey, this waitress actually seems kind of cool without being a hipster douche" way. (Yes, I know that's her job, but it's nice to see people doing their job well.)We came there to have one drink, but wound up having more - and ordering more than you expected is nearly always a good sign. We had something that billed itself as "The Official State Beer of China", which tasted suspiciously like apple juice but at $2 a bottle left us with no complaints. All in all, I approve. It seemed they had very few drinks on tap - so I'll hold off on the the fifth star until I check out their full fridge selection and/or try their food - but for now, it seems like a nice "standby" for a weekday drink.
4	Excellent atmosphere...albeit a bit crowded.  however, that's merely a testament to the bar's reputation.  i used to frequent the squirrel cage in the 90's a bit, so stopping in to wet my whistle a couple months ago brought back fond memories of gin and tonic (many, many of them), and a killer juke box (yeah, that's right san francisco i said JUKE BOX).long live the cage.  i plan to stop in whenever i visit the 'burgh.
4	Oddly enough, this place has the best burgers in town. The wait staff and bartenders are excellent and the beer selection is great. One of my favorite bars in Pittsburgh hands down. Get there early enough to grab a seat.  It can get unbearably smoky later in the evening, but that can be lessened by grabbing a seat near the front.
4	Love Bill the bartender - he was awarded "Best Bartender in Pittsburgh" by the City Paper readers a couple years ago and lives up to the reputation. Meet him twice and he knows your name and what you like. The "Squirrel Cage" has a fabulous beer selection full of micro brews and imports and a great jukebox with infinite possibilities. The only problem I have is that when school is in session it gets super crowded all the time so go early and grab a bite to eat. Large portions, good food, and great prices, you can't ask for much more.
4	AWESOME HANG OVER FOOD. good drink prices and really good comfort food at great prices.  The service is cool.  Note that there is smoking inside so you'll either a. love that information or b. hate that information.
4	I've been here twice now. The first time was on a Friday night for some drinking time. It was pretty fun...cheap drinks...Although I hated our server. My friends go there frequently and say that she's always awful. I LOVE that you can smoke in here. It's a big place too so the smoke never gets unbearable. I went again a couple days ago INCREDIBLY hung over for lunch. It dun me good. Started off with the spinach and artichoke dip which was really good. Then I got the meatball sandwich which was just eh...The meatballs were a little overcooked. The fries weren't that great, super chewy. There was a great vegetarian selection and my friend said his veggie burger was awesome. Everyone enjoyed their food and it was super duper cheap.
4	Ahh, the Squirrel Cage. Many a shameful evening has started here. This used to be my neighborhood bar and thus I have some ingrained loyalty...but beyond that the drinks are cheap, the bartenders are friendly, and it kind of has that Cheers feeling (everyone knows your name). If you want anonymity and live in the Squirrel Hill area, don't come here. You will run into everyone and their mother and its not a place for a quiet drink. The guy at the next bar-stool will talk to you or the table next to you will invite you to join them on a Ritters trip. Not much of a pick-up bar (thankfully) but just a really friendly place. Squirrel Cage is definitely not for the snobby or standoffish, but if you want to meet some locals and are up for joining strangers on an adventure, head over and grab a seat at the bar.
4	I absolutely adore this place. They have a great beer selection, wonderful bar food, solid service and are very reasonably priced. The only down side is that they allow smoking everywhere, which can be a problem for some people. Otherwise, it would've gotten five stars!
4	The boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night around 9-ish, after getting out of a movie around the corner. I have only been in Pittsburgh for a few weeks, so I thought it was a good opportunity to try a new place out. When we walked in we went straight to the bar and was greeted by the bartender almost immediately.  In total we had 5 drinks: 2 red wines, 1 Jack & Coke, & 2 Draft beers and the total was $18. I thought that was a totally reasonable price compared to Atlanta (where I moved from).  I also looked at the menu and the prices were super cheap. We will definitely be back!
4	a great local bar with a good beer selection and tons of seating. not quite a dive bar, but has that comfortable feeling that lends itself well to just sitting and hanging out.would avoid the karaoke nights, but beyond that you can't hate too much on a place with the nickname of the "SQUIRREL CAGE."
5	A great casual bar/eating with cheap food/drinks but even if you have a suit one you can fit.I guess that's the best thing about this bar. You met all kind of people.The food is really good (always got on the burgers side), the beer cheap, the waitresses nice.You clothes smell like an ashtray but who cares? you spent a great night!
2	After hearing the raves about this place from my friends, I went for it. Not a fan. The service is SO SLOW. I also was very put off when the waitress told a member of our party to ash her cigarettes on the floor because she didn't know or feel like finding us an ashtray. That's just kind of dodgy to me.
5	Love this place - convenient location (great to unwind after a day of working in the library), good, filling food that doesn't leave you feeling sick, smoking permitted, and of course, reasonably priced beer, including my favorite, Blue Moon, on tap.
3	Squirrel Hill Cafe AKA "the Cage" can be a good time. This is primarily a student, hippy, hipster, old regulars, and local randoms who live near here spot. They sell decent priced pitchers and broadcast the games. It does get incredibly packed at times. A solid neighborhood bar where you can sit at the jukebox and pick the tunes you feel like head bopping to. I always end up putting something on like MGMT or Florence and the Machine, I get weird looks when a soulful jazzy soprano starts belting into the room. I'm usually in my own world at that point but you have to love those "you can find any song you can think of music machines"  I sure do!I like pulling up to the bar next to a young college bloke and ordering two fingers of bourbon neat, that's always an eye opener from the Punky Brewster girl with the mouse voice sitting next to you. The bartenders are attentive and so are the servers when you are sitting at the tables. There is an upstairs room but the ceiling is crazy low, must just be made for the Shawties! I really like that the booths have such high backs so if you are having an intense conversation you can hide in there!One last thing, this is a smoking bar so if that bothers you don't visit, your clothes will be reeking by the end of the night! Cheers!
5	Best bar in squirrel hill. Billy the bartender is awesome and personable. Cozy booths, good prices, walking distance. A+
3	I guess I am not a fan of dive bars.  They have the pre-requisits:  cheap beer, smokey room, and loud.  When I visited it was busy, very busy.  Lots of jostling and that sort of thing.  Patrons were in a good mood though.  I just can't get over how smoky it was.  Coming from a city that has banned smoking in bars it was a big turn off. The wait staff was moderately attentive.  The decor was a bit boring.  I would come back but I won't make a point of it.
3	This place is always hopping with hipsters. I mean every single night it's packed with chain smokers, heavy drinkers, people working on their art, or writing in the corners. And that's what makes it cool. That "I don't give an F that it is a Monday night, I'm still staying out until last call" sort of vibe. The cage has a great beer selection with alright prices. They serve food, but I've never tried it. Everyone around me is always eating though, so it must be good. That, or it is just cheap, and artists got to eat ya know? There is always good music playing and the bartender (the guy with the long beard) is great. He knows everyone by name and doesn't hesitate to strike up a conversation. Great place to check out on any night, just expect to smell like a stale cigarette when you leave.
4	I love this place, mostly because it means I don't have to deal with the oversaturation of bars in the South Side.  The "squirrel cage" as some affectionately call it really is my favorite bar in Pittsburgh because it's a little dive-y, but still hip, and has nice booths to sit in where you can just get a cheap pitcher or two and chill with your buds.  It's also great for people watching!
3	Was super pissed aboutBeer selection. Wouldn't call This place "hip" EVER.(b)
4	Lots of room...hazy memories but the service must have been good. Had a blast. Extra star for allowing smoking!
5	Me likey the hot wings. I started to frequent this place a few years ago when I was living in the neighborhood and taking the summer to goof off and do very little more than eat and drink my way around Pittsburgh. The Squirrel Hill Cafe helped me do that on the reg. We actually called it the Squirrel Cage-- it throws me off to call it a cafe.I am reading that this place is becoming quite the hip spot, and I don't know how to feel about that, but I am sure it's integrity is still there. When it was my spot, it was sometimes dark and a little on the empty side, but I found a lot of entertainment watching the guy come out of the kitchen and smoke while he complained about bunions and whatnot. Every once in a while the place will go off and there will be mostly standing room, and the vibe was always good. I hope they stay cool.
3	As a New Yorker it had been a LONG time since I had been in a bar where you could smoke.  Even as a non smoker, it certainly does bring a different vibe with it, and sometimes it's welcome one.  Certainly brought back memories.  Cool crowd, good music, and a great selection of beer that you normally don't find at rando dive bars.  Like Young's Double Chocolate, or Sierra Nevada Porter, Great Lakes beers, etc.The only downside, not a great selection on tap.  One thing I love about my dive bars is the taps.  This place severely lacked.  Other than that, the bottled beer is the only thing that really stuck out, otherwise it's an average to slightly above average dive.
4	Perfect pub food. Servings are much larger than you'd expect so don't over order! Great beer selection. Very friendly, fast service.
4	Great place for drinks or to socialize.  Lots of seating around the bar plus tables and booths.  Always a busy joint and they have tons of tvs playing sports to make things better the bar food is cheap and tasty.  If i could id give this place 4.5 stars
5	If the Squirrel Cage was a human woman, my god, the things I would do......She might be a smoked out slouch with a voice like an alcoholic midget, but she's still beautiful to me. My fondness of this place is rooted in more than a few sinful nights (accompanied by local Squirrel Hillian Marni K) spurred on and exponentiated by the cheapness the strength and the quality of their booze, the quality and friendliness of the patrons and staff, and a jukebox that has a selection that'll make any music lovers wallet a barren wasteland. Everything I've ever taken from this place I've given back to Pittsburgh, usually on a friends bathroom floor near but not in the toilet.  I don't care to get into details about this place, you'll either love it or you won't. It's an old gem of a place that is pretty much my first stop in the city every single time I go.
3	"The Cage" has cheap, decent food, and reasonably priced drinks -- though for the divey atmosphere, they're probably a little overpriced. It's smoky as Hell, so don't wear your finest outfit (unless, I guess, it includes a smoking jacket). The service is generally lacking if you're not right at the bar, but that is more a staffing issue, as there's usually only one waitress for the whole place. If you like old boardgames and don't mind hipsters, I recommend checking out their Game Night on Tuesdays. I mean, come on; free rounds of 1986 Trivial Pursuit? Can't be beat.
4	I think I figured out why this place is called The Cage.  There's no concrete evidence that what I observed here is true.  You walk in and you see a mix of people that would represent different classifications of people you'd see throughout Pittsburgh.  Each booth and table is a different subset of the population.  Every booth and table is an exhibit or cage at a zoo, there for you to observe how each group interacts with one another.Err, what am I saying?  Maybe I just enjoyed myself so much here that I started spacing out. I mean you do get to see a wide mix of the human race interacting in here, but who cares, they are all there for one thing, to have a good time.  Whether you are sitting at the bar or pick a booth along the wall, the staff are there to make sure you have a libation nearby.  Always able to make a suggestion if you want to try something new. The music touch has a nice mix of music to fulfill anyone's need to hear tunes. But who needs tunes when you can just sit there and chat the whole night?I'm still skeptical about going up to the loft area. It looks so small from down below.Such a nice intimate place to go and grab a beer with friends.  It's a great place to sit and blow off some steam.  Beer selection is pretty good.  They have their fair share of seasonal blends, as well as
4	The Squirrel Hill Cafe was a pleasant surprise of a bar. I usually never ventured into squirrel hill to imbibe, but my friend had a birthday gathering there on a sunday evening.This place is another Pgh dive-gem. The beer selection is marvelous, and the jukebox is too. Yes, you can smoke in here, which turns away most of the people I would not want to talk to anyways.Quite an eclectic mixture of folks, as someone else mentioned. Yes, I was THAT person who had to look around for the Squirrel "Cage" while parked in front of the SHC for a good five minutes.
4	The Squirrel Hill Cafe or as it is locally called, the Cage is a cool place to grab a beer and watch the Pens play.  The food is incredibly cheap and surprisingly good and the beer is cheap.  I went with a friend recently and had a bacon cheese burger, a giant basket of cheese fries, and a pitcher of Yuengling and my bill was only $15.  I almost died when I saw how cheap it was.  This wasn't my first time there and certainly won't be my last.
2	I must have missed something the other reviews got about the Squirrel Cafe. Granted, we stopped in for lunch on Saturday so maybe it is more interesting in the evening. It struck me as a diner with a bar in it. The food was mediocre (homemade cheese dip is not cheese you put in salsa and melt in the microwave) and the pepperoni roll, while good, was tiny. Beer selection in bottles was good but the draft selection was limited. The Squirrel Cafe seemed like a little mom and pop place. Character can only get you so far. You need to have a reason to come back and, for me, neither the food or the beer selection was enough.
2	Be prepared for second hand smoke
5	Great local bar with good beer and strong drinks.  It will become your home away from home if you frequent it enough.  Try the cheese balls!
4	Good, affordable food and a large drink selection. Smoking is permitted inside this establishment.... The cigarette smoke is my biggest complaint with this business.
5	It is a special place for me :) Cheap, good, fast. Pick two? No, you've got it all here. Super chill crowd.Squirrel Hill is just a super chill neighborhood and diverse, too. I'd say the NYC of PGH. LOL.
4	My wife and I ordered take out from here a few weeks ago.  We got burgers and fries.  For such a humble meal, it was outstanding.  We were hungry for nonsense burgers and that's what we got.  The burger was juicy, the bun wasn't huge, and they had all the fixins that we wanted.  The fries were the perfect size, weren't too salty or greasy, and were delicious.  I don't think we would eat at the cafe simply because it is a smoking establishment and we don't smoke...but for take out - YES!
4	I had one of the funnest nights out with a friend here once. Since then, I've had hit and miss nights. First of all, for anyone planning to stop in here, this is one of THE smokiest bars in the city. I'm not a smoker, so when I go out I at least like to know what I'm getting into (and realizing that my clothes will be unwearable the next day). However, this place is a hole in the wall on Forbes in Squirrel Hill, and it's a great place to grab some friends, grab a booth, and grab a pitcher or two for a night. I'm not sure if they still do this, but they use to have board game nights where a different game is placed at each booth.  Board games + beer = perfect night of fun. I've had some good bar food there as well, and from I remember it's not too pricey. There is a great selection of bottled beer, and a pretty average tab variety. I do remember the service not being incredible, but as long as you're with your peeps and do pitchers, you'll be happy. The wood booths and tables give the bar a homey, smokey feel. There is also an upstairs that is open from time to time if the place gets crazy. I've had trouble before finding a booth open on a Saturday night.
4	Pretty chill, I feel like it's understaffed because there seemed to be only one waitress waiting on the whole cafe.  This made the whole get in, get out process a lot longer.  The fries were really greasy (I don't know what I was expecting) and I wasn't a fan of putting the vinegar fry combo either.  I went for the classic Heinz ketchup instead. We felt especially ravenous and got a artichoke and spinach dip as well which was filled with huge pieces of artichoke hearts (mmm) - definitely something I'll get again. I got the Extra large fish and loved every bite! I'm easy to please when it comes to fried fish.  It came with a side of potato chips, the kind you get from the bag. My friends were not impressed and did not touch theirs, but I cleaned my plate and theirs.
4	Such a cute and intimate place to just grab some food/drinks and chillax. Prices are extremely reasonable and service is efficient. Great for group hangouts!I'm not much of a drinker so I don't really know about their drink specials, but I am a devoted consumer of food so I'll just get straight to the point! Sandwiches here are amazing and really satisfy that burning hunger. I highly recommend their burgers and load it with mushrooms for an additional quarter. When you get a burger...you get a REAL burger. I don't mean those fake factory patties...I'm talking about a thick chunk of juicy beef sandwiched between soft fluffy buns. Their spinach artichoke dip is quite tasty as well. The one thing I don't really like here is their fries...way way way too greasy to the point where it doesn't even taste like potatoes anymore.
2	I wanted to give this place a better review. The Cafe was pleasantly full, great tunes, and the waitress was friendly and attentive. Unfortunately we (a table of 2) waited 45 min for our food to never come out while seeing a table of 5, who came in 20 min after us, get served first. The waitress was apologetic but her continued "your food is coming out next" assurance lost credibility when she had to repeat it twice and then servered the table of 5 was first.
1	I wanted to enjoy this neighborhood landmark, but it disappointed on all points: Small poursSlow serviceFood that never arrivedIndoor SmokingThis place makes me want to order in and drink at home.
5	One of my favorite bars in the burgh! Bartenders are fun and knowledgeable, servers are sweet, fast and attentive. Drinks are phenomenal and reasonably priced, and a wide beer selection. The food is also great... My go to is the cheeseburger, veggie burger, or cheese balls. Gotta check it out!
1	Worst place ever. The waitress is rude, as well as the guy near the bar. I think they are kind of racist. whcih do not like or hate asian people.Unhappy memory.I will never ever go there again.
1	Shittest place ever. When i walked into this bar, no one is answering me. They just let me stand over there and make me feel like stupid. Also the bar is quite small and smoky. Didnt like the experience at all.
5	Love this bar! Fun crowd and the staff are all incredibly nice. Drinks are affordable and the food is VERY cheap. I had a burger and it was quite tasty.
4	When I was a kid growing up in Squirrel Hill, the Cage was a place of mystery for us. Who knew what went on behind those dark windows? It was probably a den of iniquity where things too terrible to talk about went on. You weren't allowed to go in and use the BATHROOM. WHY WEREN'T YOU ALLOWED TO WALK IN OFF THE STREET AND USE THE BATHROOM??? IT MUST BE A TERRIBLE PLACE.When I went to art high school (this was before they started carding), all the coolest teachers used to drink there, and sometimes we'd come in to talk to them on Friday nights and pretend we were cool and old enough to be sitting in the old wooden booths smoking cigarettes. And then suddenly, we *were* old enough to be in the booths smoking and drinking enormous pitchers of Yuengling (or double old-fashioneds for those of us who still had pretensions towards being literary) and stumble out at the end of the night heading for Eat n' Park and smelling like the inside of a cigarette (though my allergies have gotten a lot worse of late and I'm actually starting to wish you couldn't smoke in here--I am getting old!) This is a good bar to come to on a pre-Christmas December night to hang out with friends you haven't seen in ages, and know that tons of people you know will be drifting in and out as the night goes on. This is a good bar to come to when you don't really know where you want to go on a Friday but you know you want to just relax. This is a good bar for women to not get grossly hit on in. This is a good bar to people-watch in--it's always a crowd of middle-aged drunks, university intellectuals, and other fun neighborhood types hanging around in here. It's not the cleanest bar in the world, nor the friendliest (though the bartender with the ZZ Top beard whose name I can't remember is pretty damn great), but it's just a straightforward place where what you see is what you get.  It's not for everyone. It's definitely for me. (Also, I hear their burgers are good, but I've never eaten here, lol)
4	Ahh, the Squirrel Cage. This hole in the wall in Squirrel Hill is perfect for a cheap, smoky dinner, or an evening of a few pitchers with friends. From what I understand, this spot is legendary. It's an old school dingy dive with a dark interior. If you're looking for a low-key place to get a drink and a burger and come out smelling like an ashtray, this is it. Yes, you can still smoke here, and every time I have went, there's been a plethora of active smokers. You are gonna stink, but it's worth it. The menu boasts a surprisingly decent draft list. Last time I grabbed a Victory Hop Devil and thought there was a mistake on the tab--it was such a deal. The burgers and sandwiches all fall around $5. "How do they do this,"you ask? I don't ask, because the burgers are some kind of straight up delicious witchcraft. The whole experience is just a steal across the board. After paying the check, I left like I'd gotten away with something, it's that cheap. But, there is a trade off when it comes to visiting the Squirrel Cage--it's laughably slow. There was one poor overworked server in the entire bar, and the kitchen was backed up to the point that it took a little under an hour for hamburgers. There was some confusion on beers as well. I was served a drink meant for another table. So with that grain of salt, I implore you to be patient and have a good long visit to the Squirrel Hill Cafe.
3	This is such a difficult review to write.  The cage has really decent cheap food and an excellent selection of reasonably priced beers.  Unfortunately they frequently seem understaffed and it absolutely reeks of cigarette smoke.  Every time I go in I have to immediately wash whatever I was wearing and take a shower.  Even then I can always smell the smoke the next day. If you're a smoker this is a great spot.  If you're not, keep in mind that there is a visible cloud of cigarette smoke when you walk in.
