5	I rarely give 5 stars, as I believe it is very difficult to obtain a perfect score through food, beverage, service, ambiance, etc. Christopher's new venture is perfectly Christopher, 5 stars.First off a little background, Christopher is a native. That's right; he's a graduate of Central High School. He studied in France where he honed his craft and to this day draws his technique from. He has owned now three ventures in Phoenix, first his fine dining and bistro location on the northwest corner of 24st and Camelback (later became Eddie's by Eddie Matney, former hair dresser turned chef at Cous-Cous then Eddie's Grill) then after closing he moved to the restaurant row in The Biltmore Fashion Park, 2rd level to open Christopher's Fermier Brasserie & Paola's Wine Bar. Which in reading many reviews here on Yelp was unfortunately misunderstood. It makes me wonder if people understand what French is, it's not their fault though, there aren't many French restaurants in town, most have be closed, including Mary Elaine's at the Phoenician  and John Claude's Petite Cafe. There are a few that still survive Sophie's and Vincent's, but in this town of chains few people venture for French. Now with Christopher's Restaurant/Crush Lounge he has passed on the wine bar and opened a lounge instead. Christopher does enjoy lounges as he is a regular at Merc Bar, but then so is his smoked salmon which is offered on the Merc Bar menu. So a lounge makes sense, I'm a believer in a chef should open what they are passionate about. The new location has a different feel from his previous; his last venture echoed a French Countryside feel, as did the food. I think that was why many didn't understand it; yes it was French, but ALL FRENCH IS NOT FINE DINNING. I wish more understood that concept, but this is primarily a beer drinking state, not wine or rather more Mc D's not Mary E's! Hence there's a difference between filling your stomach and filling your soul and leaving a restaurant inspired with the feeling that life is wonderful. Christopher's is the latter. The design is contemporary with long lines of brushed stainless, white linen and exposed wooden beams. Kudos to whoever designed it, great job! The tables are dressed with white linen, elegant silver and polished stemware. You can't help but feel that it's 'time to dine' when seated. The walls in the main dining room have many vases of fresh flowers that seem to be replaced whenever necessary, nice touch.  The food at Christopher's is exactly what you'd expect, French, without the super-high-end prices. He's still one of the only chefs in town serving Foie Grass and Duck Confite, both wonderful and worth the trip if a glass of juice (wine) is added! I've been there now on 4 occasions and everything is fantastic, flavorful and prepared professionally. Christopher offers daily specials and I recommend them including; Veal Chop on Wednesdays, Roasted Duck on Thursday, Lamb Shank on Friday and Rabbit on Saturday. But don't stop at your entree, get the cheese course for dessert or for something sweet, the Chocolate Tower is one of the best desserts in town, hands down, no question.  Service is another point were Christopher sets himself apart. It doesn't get any better than this. Again it's NOT fine dining, so you can't compare it to fine dining restaurants (but then again there's only one left in the valley - Different Point Of View).  The servers know the food; they can describe anything on the menu and recite the specials as if their job depends on it (if you know Christopher it probably is).  Food is coursed correctly with a few minutes in between, as well as wine service is as professional as it gets. The bread service is as always, French breads with a super rich, euro butter, perfect for lapping up to sauce or vinaigrette remains on your plate.Needless to say, Christopher does it right, in my opinion, or is it just my opinion? Many of the valley's most celebrated chefs eat at Christopher's, he's know in many circles as the "chef's chef". But don't take my word for it, ask the chef at your favorite restaurant, who their favorite chefs are in town, and favorite restaurants, most likely Christopher will make the list!Here's the web address:  http://www.christophersaz.com/The website is limited; menu, wine list, press release and pictures of the restaurant...
4	I love the design.  We walked into Crush lounge and had a drink first.  Very friendly bartenders, great decor.  There are 3 giant original and sexy photographs above the bar.  The main dining room is loud and energetic, which I like, and the design is super contemporary and open.  Lots of glass.  The menu is very French, but not intimidating.  The bell pepper bisque is really good, but as a healthy eater I noticed how heavy it was.  I also had the filet mignon au poivre, possibly the best filet I have ever had.  The only reason I cannot give 5 stars is because of our server.  He was good, but he had a lot of tables and I noticed he was rushing us a little.  Overall, this place is world-class and I will be back to Christopher's very soon.
3	I went back to see if there's any change. Unfortunately, it dropped 1/2 point from my last review. It's a 3 now.My lamb was good, but the fried lamb croquette was pointless and tasteless. Bf's rabbit's presentation was "Excellent." My other friend's fish dish was dry and kinda bleh. Overall, the food didn't impress me at all, not like they used to.Service was so so.Before they moved to a new location in Biltmore, and New York-ize the place, I visited the old, vintage-looking Christopher's quite frequently for the pastry escargo, duck confit, filet mignon, 20-out-of-10 foie gras appetizer, and could never forget Friday's specials Osso Bucco.Right after their reopening (a few months ago), we were excited to come back but tremendously disappointed with the food. The menu was changed. Those dishes which made us drive 20 miles were replaced with new varieties with lower quality, or just completely removed. The lamb was tough, and foie gras was replaced with foie gras mousse. One thing still delicious was their Stick Fries. While I don't mind the new, sheek, loud atmosphere at all, I still miss the old vintage ambiance.- Is it still a good place to visit? Yes.- Is it as good as before? I don't think so.- Will I come back? Probably, as it is not easy finding a good French restaurant in this valley. I'll just try to forget the amazing old Christopher's Fermier, and think of it as a new trendy typical Scottsdale restaurant.
4	Just like before they moved, great food, spotty service. For starters, I walked in alone and asked if my other party had arrived. She said 'No'. Ok....no problem. I immediately became distracted by a gal I knew that works there. We chatted for about 3-4 minutes. I said, hey, by the way, can you check to see if my party has arrived? She did a quick check on their  computer and said "oh yes, they're here". Wow!!! Quickly got over being annoyed and was directed to the table. Oh, my! I just love what you've done with the place!  The decor is funky and hip. Lots of clean lines and interesting textures.  For appetizer, I got the assorted beet salad w/ goat cheese and roasted pistachios. The presentation alone made my mouth water. It could've been roasted shoestring and I would have eaten it! LOL! The plates are large, white  and square with contrasting angles. Makes any dish look 50% better. The app was great! The goat cheese melted in my mouth and the beets were perfectly sweet on their own. So I got the Friday special which is braised lamb shank w/ assorted root vegetables. To my surprise it was also garnished w/ wild mushrooms. This would have been nice to know... as so many folks don't like or are allergic to mushrooms. The lamb was fall off the bone tender and flavorful. The root veggies were amazing! Sidekicks: The side of steamed asparagus was over-done. The mac and cheese rivals City Hall's. I said RIVALS. Not beat. Rivals. You know how I adore my Mastro's City Hall Mac n Cheese!!! The creamy polenta was top notch! Last but not least, the sauteed spinach was yummy in the tummy also. Let's go back a bit. The 12oz filet was good. Not steakhouse good. But good. One more step back, the Pinot Noir the server suggested (from CA) was good. A little sweet for my taste, but good. I should have known better and trusted my own instincts b/c he didn't seem to know much about his wine list and the characteristics of each wine. Oh, and did I mention that he never came back to fill wine glasses!?! Geeze dude! I can't say he was new b/c I didn't ask. I just know that Christophers has NEVER been on my top list for great service. Just great food. Bon Appetite!
4	"trendy, good service and great food!" - 4/5J and I went there the first time for dinner with Berk, D and Joel last night. Christopher is tucked away at the corner of Biltmore Fashion Mall on Camelback. After the party arrived, we had a round of drinks at its Crush Lounge. The bar/lounge is trendy with good wine selection! We were seated outside the patio for dinner. It was the best outdoor fine dining experience that I had had in a while (well.. summer just over!) Let's get down to the menu... D strongly recommended Christopher's sweetbread main course. Since we had always wanted to try out sweetbread, we immediately jumped to her recommendation! J ordered the sweetbread too. I had the rack of lamb. B got herself a very generous portion of seared scallops with some green. Joel ordered a plate of burger and fries. Man.. I have to say that Christopher's food is delicious! The lamb was a bit overcooked (I asked for medium-rare) but still had a tender and good taste. J and D's sweetbread was to die-for! Next time when I go back, I would just order the sweetbread (comes with a big bed of stir-fry cabbage) too. We finished our dinner with 2 desserts! Overall, this restaurant is better than our expectations. We'd definitely go back soon for a great meal. Get the sweetbread! :)
4	Went there to celebrate my wife's bday. The food was terrific. My wife and I both had the scallops (not very original, I know, but I didn't know she was ordering those, too!). The rest of the family had an assortment of tasty chicken and lobster dishes. The waiter was very amenable, and suggested a fine not-too-expensive wine. The BEST was the starter: The Bread. The bread was terrific, and was best w/out any butter or oil. Just plain, unadorned, tasty bread. Scrumptious. I know it's supposed to be a Franco-American resto, but to me it seemed more modern American.
3	The first night we went here it was very quiet and we enjoyed the wild mushroom soup $18. enough that we would return the following evening for another 2 bowls.  The lobster salad $18 was just okay, the lobster was on the tough side.  Dessert was a vanilla flan, not the typical Mexican version, very small, intensely delicious and a larger portion would have been over the top.  Our server, the same both nights, was very professional and personable.  On the second visit the wild mushroom soup was lacking, I believe it to be due to the fact that they were busy with a large party.  Compared to the previous night the soup lacked the number of mushrooms, the foie gras wasn't as seared and so lacked the intense flavor,  it was also not as hot enough, and had too much foam, so the actual volume of the soup was less.  After asking what the truffle frites $9 were, we decided we had to try them.  They arrived hot tossed with a little truffle oil and sprinkled with pecorino.  These were fabulous.  I can't believe that I like fries, what a difference from the American version.   I'll definetly give them a try on another slow night and will sit at the Chef's bar, so I can direct if necessary. Yea, right!
4	Mid-week a few co-workers and I had a great night at Crush. We instantly loved the atmosphere and got comfy in a velvety plushy booth near the bar. There were maybe four or five small parties present, and the place was packed. And, it was a Wednesday night ... I'd hate to see the place on a Friday night. I was going to get a glass of wine, but when the waitress told us about their signature drink, the crush, I knew I had to try it. Champagne with a lavender-infused liquor? Yum! I loved it. Instead of going into Christopher's and order dinner, we decided to snack on some small plates. First, we enjoyed a cheese platter - chef's choice. My favorite selection was the Farmhouse Chevre, a creamy goat cheese. The other three selections were very good as well, but the Chevre was by far my favorite.We also snacked on a bowl of house marinated olives, which were enjoyed by all three of us. They were very good, but you do have to love the olive to enjoy ...The very best was the pizza, which was delicious and different. The crust had the savory flavor of foccaccia, but it was light and airy like a pastry. We had our pizza with wild mushrooms and shallots. It was unbelievably good. I can't wait to go back and have it again soon!I'm looking forward to grabbing some girlfriends for a bit of shopping at the Biltmore Fashion Park and then drinks at Crush!
4	Tried the pizza in the lounge area, was pleasantly impressed.  I had the duck confit and date pizza, which also had soft gobs of goat cheese for a salty flavor.  The crust was rubbed with rosemary and dark and crispy, just perfect, while the spice added a sweet flavor that was really special.  All in all I was pleased with the experience and would definitely come back when I'm in the area.
5	Lounge is sexy, luv sitting & eating at the kitchen table.  Very amusing to watch all the chefs hard at work.  Red Pepper soup was good, pizzas are to die for.  Luv the wines by the glass selection, and the happy hour ROCKS :-)
4	Went here for a birthday and it did the trick for a nice restaurant with a special occasion environment.  They've modernized it from the old location and added some new items to the menu.  I got teased for ordering a pizza at such a fancy place at first but by the end of the night everyone agreed the duck, goat cheese and fig pizza was the best dish of the night.  Service was excellent and while the portions aren't huge they're not laughable miniatures either.  Good place that has been around for a long time yet keeps evolving.
1	I dined at this restaurant on a Saturday morning and was actually the very first guest.  I got greeted by the hostess and was promptly seated.  The service was phenomenal from when I walked over the door step and the ambiance is the restaurant was amazing .  I ordered the smoked salmon as an appetizer and the daily scallop special as the entree.When my salmon dish came out I said to my self "WHAT in the hell?" Two extremely thin slices of salmon, little salad, and a piece of bread with some aioli on the side.  Salmons cheap and they charged me $15 for this crap?  I work in the food industry and the food was crap.Next, the entree.  The waiter described the the scallop dish like it was heaven on earth.  Explaining to me how delicious this special was.  So I took his advice and ordered.  When the dish came out I said to my self again "What in the HELL?"  Four small scallops, 2 baby carrots, broccoli rabe, and cilantro sauce.  The scallops weren't seared enough, the broccoli rabe was brown and mush, and the baby carrots were still raw.  The funny thing was.  The sauce didn't even resemble any cilantro flavor at all.  I could of made this dish 1000x better and the entree took a big hit in my wallet, $32 for crap.The meal came out to roughly $60 and I left that restaurant to never try it again.  I could of gotten some pho for $8 would of been a hundred times happier than spending money that wasn't even mediocre.
3	So, the BF and I ate here on Saturday in the afternoon as I had noticed it on a recent shopping trip to the Biltmore. The decor and ambiance is first class and I found our service to be pretty good, but rich...oh my gosh!! I didn't need to eat anything the rest of the day (which is super unusual for me!) as I was so full from our lunch! It felt like everything was loaded with duck fat, truffle oil and butter, which normally I would not complain about, but this was too much! We were starving when we arrived, so right away we ordered a yummy bottle of champagne (interesting wine list!), the duck confit salad and the truffle fries that we had spotted as we were seated at our table. The fries were delicious and the portion was huge! The salad was very tasty, but we were both surprised by the large duck leg and thigh on the plate with a yummy, ashy piece of Humboldt Fog cheese and small bunch of greens. It was good, but my goodness was it rich! The BF was still hungry (how, I have no idea!) and had been eying the polenta and veggie sides, so we ordered those as well. Both were legitimately dripping in butter. Again, I am a girl who loves a rich meal, but this was a bit much! I will say that as we were leaving, Crush (the attached bar) was packed and both the BF and I commented that we would be up for trying the bar soon as it looked like a fun place to hang out and enjoy their happy hour. All in all, be prepared for over the top, decadent options that individually are bombs, but all together is a little too much!
2	it was too expensive for that you are getting.  I ordered 6 oysters and paid 24 dollars from them?!!?plus they made me sick as a dog the next day.  What a joke.  The truffled frittes sound amazing when described, however they are gross and oily!the salmon was all right, but soaked in butter, again oily... and i got a steak. it was small and the flavor was too salty... again, it sounds better than it is, if you want to pay a lot for the atmosphere, then go ahead...or try tarbell's in phoenix.  at least he actually won iron chef america!!!
4	When I'm hankering for luscious meat, buttery sauces, or delectable fries, Christopher's always comes through. In countless visits, I've seldom been disappointed with the food. The hubby and I shared the lamb shank (available Fridays only) and it is melt-in-your-mouth, don't need-a-knife delicious. All the fries selections (truffled, curried with duck confit, yam) are excellent although way too large for a sane person to finish - plan to share. The truffle infused fillet is nice (though it cannot touch the lamb) and the hanger steak excellent. I've enjoyed the scallops and several fishes of the day, but the meats are the highlight. Crusty French style bread and unsalted butter accompany the meals. Vegetables are available ala carte and those I've tried have been good but generally pale compared to the meats Light food is not the focus here - the salads are generally good (I particularly like the smoked salmon) but not enough for a real meal if you are hungry, and I consider them bordering on the expensive side but not too much so. Most other selections are rich with butter, cream, and/or animal fats. Yum. The wine by the glass selection is one of the best I've seen in Phoenix, with a nice variety of domestic, French, Italian and a few others (but who cares about those anyway). Best is during the 4-6 weekdays happy hour, wines by the glass are 1/2 off, making many of them a smoking deal. Happy hour is available only in the Crush lounge and at the kitchen Bar. Atmosphere... I really like the open, cool colored decor and the hip but not stuffy vibe. I've gone there in dress and heels, and in jeans in Birkenstocks. OK, at least I had a cute little jacket to spruce up the Birke outfit. My favorite spot is at the kitchen bar, watching the heart of the kitchen activity. During slow times the staff has given us little tidbits of "test" items to taste, and Chef Christopher always says hello. The one down side of the furnishings is the ergonomics (or lack thereof ) of the kitchen bar chairs. Did the manufacturer ever test them with real people?? The seats are too deep to lean comfortably against the back of the chair. Those with perfect posture may be fine perched on the edge of the chair all night, but we like to linger over dinner and must either sit up without leaning on the chair back all night or slouch back and feel frumpy while gaining only a modicum of comfort. Service isn't nearly as consistent as the food. Most of the time we've not been offered a taste of the wine before a full glass was plopped in front of us, sometimes service is so slow that we've trouble getting our orders in before happy hour expired (despite arriving 30 minutes before it was over), the red wine has several times come quite chilled, and the checks have come without the happy hour discount. On any given day the service is about 90% - pretty darn good but with something missing. The disappointing thing is that it's seldom 100%. Christopher's periodically holds wine dinners and we attended one last September. Now that was a 5-star feast. I think we had 5 wines, but I can only describe it as endless refills. The food was excellent (though maybe a little too French for many - there were some super fatty pork bits and some sort of organ meat - I think... I loved every bit). Whoa, what a food and wine orgy. And fun, interesting people at the community table.
5	Crankin' it up to 5 stars after last night's duck, my last few meals,  and the last wine dinner - consistency of service has improved, which is what held me back from the 5 stars previously. Combine the improved service with last night's to-die-for good dinner and I can no longer hold back number 5. I cannot believe I'd never ordered the Thursday-only roast duck before. Wow. The husband and I shared, and it was more than filling. We started by sharing the burrata and heirloom tomato salad. I tell ya' I wished I had a whole one - utterly delectable. We also ordered Brussels spouts on the side ("what?" you say? "Anne ordered a VEGETABLE???") and even that was tasty. All the butter probably had something to do with it. I also had a nice burgundy for about $11.00 (post-happy hour). I still think they have the best selection and quality of wines by the glass I've seen at any restaurant in the valley. My first review mentioned a wine dinner. Last month we attended another one and the only problem was my stomach space could not accommodate everything my tastebuds were enjoying. Veal cheeks. Pigeon. Don't scrunch your face up like that - have you tasted Christopher's pigeon??? The wines were excellent but I kept forgetting to drink, being so enthralled with the food. Hmmm....maybe I'll go back for lunch today...
3	As somewhat of a Valley foodie, I've been lucky enough to try some of the best restaurants in the city but have surprisingly never gotten around to trying one of the Valley's classic fine dining destinations, Christopher's. So after a day of work, I decided to try their happy hour, which had gotten a great review from the Republic. Christopher's new space in the Biltmore is nicely designed - clean and modern, with Edison lightbulbs and a warm brown and orange color scheme. The service is great, too. But the food is what matters, and I don't think it stacks up to some of the finest restaurants in the Valley. Here's what I think the problem is - Christopher's opened at a time when the Valley was anything but a foodie town, and classic or contemporary French was out of the question, so he designed a dumbed-down French menu, with more American sensibilities. And since that formula worked, he hasn't changed it. But in the meantime, bolder and more daringly gourmet restaurants have settled in the Valley. Now, Christopher's menu seems tame compared to places like Noca and Binkley's. Back to our happy hour meal - we started out with roasted red pepper soup, ($3.50) which was delicious. Next we had the tomato pizza ($6 I believe) - the crust was excellent, light and doughy, but the pizza as a whole lacked flavor. Rarely do I say pizza isn't salty enough, but this one did. Salmon ($8) was a good deal, but the fish quality was not as great as I'd expect from a place like this. The lemon butter sauce was nice and light, but I've had better elsewhere. Dessert ($9) was darn good - tarte tatin, a warm apple tart with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Overall, Christopher's is solidly good, but it's been eclipsed by a new generation of superb Valley restaurants geared to our new foodie scene.
2	So I've been to Christopher's at the Biltmore many times, and couldn't wait to check out the new space.   I'm a fan of the food - at least at the old space on the east end, upstairs, at the Biltmore shopping center.   This location.  Eh?   Very trendy... slick surfaces.  But - okay forgive me I just get SO DISTRACTED by bad architecture it impacts my restaurant reviews.   First, the HUMONGOUS door.   Um, has anyone heard that the latest trend in architecture is BEING GREEN?   So let's install a door where pretty much all the A/C (or heat in winter) can get sucked out of the room each time a new person walks in or out.   (So, right off the bat I subtract 1/2 star for the ridiculously ostentatious and eco-unfriendly door.)   Then, the layout.   Bar to the left, check.  Restaurant to the right - sorta.   A long thin line of tables around the open kitchen.  Awkward layout.  Minus a quarter star.    Service good.  Food good.   But that layout again... sitting there feeling like I'm under surveillance by the staff at all times, ugh.   And it's waaaay too cold in there - oh they must have to keep it colder so that when that big door opens and all the A/C goes outside it can recover quickly, oh yeah.    So then I need to go to the restroom after all that iced tea..... uh.... very fancy uni-stalls - can't blame them for the need to have these superlarge stalls I guess because it's required by the ADA.... but then how do they get away with the absurdly ridiculous unisex, out-in-public "SINK" - if it can be called a sink.   So you're done with your business and you are now out among the public to wash your hands and adjust your makeup - ladies, do we want to do that IN PUBLIC?   Methinks not either.  But at this trendy-gone-bad restaurant restroom, the ladies on one side of a big mirror wash their hands over some pebbles with an automatically-activated sprinkler system that serves up enough water for a lineup of maybe 6 or 8 people at a time.  Again, people - we live in the middle of a DESERT.   Water is precious.   And yet here at Christopher's it is triggered to run freely to wash my hands (again, IN PUBLIC) longer than I need and over about a 6 foot wide area.  I just measured my hands and they are only 8 inches wide.People can disagree about the food - I find it delicious.  I particularly love the grilled salmon and I've had wonderful fresh soups at Christopher's.   At the old location I had many joyous meals and celebrations.  But this new location has just left me flat.   I won't be back unless dragged there by others.
4	Drinks and apps is all that I had at Crush.. I loved the staff! Attentive and sweet... LOVED the martinis... good ambience.... and its a good start point on a night out
5	YUM YUM YUM! They have great cocktails, great staff, and the foie-gras pizza is TO DIE FOR (despite the $24 price)! I had a bad experience there once and the manager called and asked that I come back for a comped dinner.  I find that type of customer service SO rare but definitely brought me back many times!
5	I`m coming back here for more!! Stopped in for lunch while I was out and about. Everything was fabulous!!  So much to choose from, I had such a hard time deciding on what to order- ended up getting the roasted garlic and goat cheese pizza, which was amazing! Christopher doesn`t disappoint and I have been to his other restaurants, and this one is on my top list to return for more! I watched some of the other dishes people ordered, wild mushroom soup, truffle fries, vanilla dusted scallops, delicious duck and a knockout chocolate tower that has my name on it next time I come back! Open for lunch, happy hour, and late night goodies, perfect!
4	My new favorite happy hour spot! 1/2 priced wine (with excellent options to choose from) and select appetizers from 3-6 p.m. The cheese plate could well be one of the best in the Valley. Four chef selections with crostini and only about $8 at happy hour. The mac and cheese is heavenly, creamy, goodness (and, at only $7, a complete steal!). Service was outstanding. I love sitting at the kitchen bar and watching the attention to detail and rhythm and beauty of the preparations. On my most recent visit, chef de cuisine John Green was in the kitchen. He has a charming personality and seems to enjoy engaging with his public. He had overheard us oohing and ahhing over the gruyere mashed potatoes and generously sneaked us each a spoonful to sample. They were delicious - you could taste booth the butter AND the cheese. He patiently and playfully answered our questions and, on occasion, even challenged us to guess. It was so fun! I can't imagine wanting to sit away from this kitchen!On my list to try: the parmesan encrusted goat cheese and bacon salad, the burgers, lobster bisque and the beautiful steaks!! Quick! Someone, save me a seat!!
5	If this is how the French eat, I have no problem with booking a one way flight there and eating my way through the country. Sorry Rob. Been a great 8 years, promise to write, kthxbai! Christopher's Restaurant has elevated our expectations of fine dining to a level that is dangerously high. We started with cocktails and first courses: the sweetbread and an order of escargot. It was our first time eating either, and I'm definitely a fan of both. I also noticed we seemed to be the only ones eating our bread, and whether that's more we were just eating our way through whatever they brought out or other patrons were carb conscious, I'll never know. For our entrees, Robert order the fillet mignon and I ordered the duck; we ordered a side of gnocchi. Sweet baby Jesus! Were these the most flavorful, succulent and outrageously orgasmic cuts of meat God ever saw fit to be served? I'm thinking so, because chewing was simply a customary task and an excuse to keep the meat in contact with our taste buds that much longer. And the gnocchi, mary, was splendid and deserving of a Nobel Peace Prize. The sheer richness of each course was overwhelming. So much so, that I couldn't finish my duck. But unlike that over-filled feeling one gets when getting stuffed, this was a pleasant sensation of being fulfilled. I can't wait to go back, this time on a Thursday because I want to try their rabbit and see how good it is. In the meantime, I'm going to be studying French and dining etiquette so I at least appear to be refined.
4	Don't tell anyone Christopher. But I have a serious crush on you and your elegant eatery and your fabulous Crush Lounge. This could rival my Scott Baio crush in the 70s. Or my crush on arrugula, beet and goat cheese salad in the 80s. Or even my 90s crush, yep, again, Scott Baio. We were greeted by a lovely host person who gave us the 411 on our dining options. We chose the restaurant kitchen bar which had happy hour prices on food and drink. No sooner had Rickie and I bucked up to the bar did we have our server take our drink order: two iced teas and a large flat water. Soon to follow was some delicious pillowy yet crunchy French bread with a ramekin of soft buttah!While we waited for our food it was most entertaining watching the kitchen staff prepare for what was sure to be a very busy Valentine's weekend. And since I was already with my Valentine, I was most happy. We had a delicious cheese plate with herbed chevre, Manchego, Pecorino Romano and a mild cheese I won't even try to spell. I had a crispy, creamy pizza with goat cheese, roasted garlic and oven dried tomatoes. Very good though I kept thinking of my favorite flat bread delight at St. Francis. Hmmm...Rickie had a burger he enjoyed though the top bun was very doughy and not pleasant to eat. Yam fries were tasty though a dipping sauce would have been fun. All that was only $36!Now. Is it just me but does every new restaurant try to out do the next guy with the jazziest bathroom sinks? Well, I'd have to say, Christopher's takes home the gold. A huge communal sink with a wall in front of you that shoots out water below as you rub your hands over hundreds of little rocks. Enjoyable! And now in the 2000s I have a new crush. And it's a sink. Sorry Scott. OMG...I think I just finished my 400th review! Cheers my yelpitas!
4	If you like French food this is THE place to go in the valley. My wife spent many years in France as an exchange student, and she absolutely loves this place. French food isnt for everyone, but if you like it this is a place you need to visit.I was educated on the whole wine/cheese thing the last time I was here. It was hard for me to figure out how the wine/cheese pairings played together, and I tasted what the big deal was with the appropriate pairings.We typically go for the big 5/6 course tasting menus or special dinners they have. The service and food have all been excellent every time we have been.
3	My husband and I went here for Valentine's Day.  They called to confirm our reservation, which would have been fine if the guy on the phone was intelligble.  The service was really great.  I enjoyed the pork belly and my husbands duck was good.  I didn't care much for my scallops or the risotto.  I would go back to try other meals on their menu.
3	Food is good, but just not my cup of tea.  Crush bar is cool, but a bit pricey.  I liked the old location and the unpretentiousness of it.  The new location is too much glitz and glamor for me.  Christopher is great Chef and did a great job with the menu.  Many of friends love the food here.  I wish they'd do something to screen the patio from the parking lot.  I don't like the idea of looking into a field of cars in a parking structure when I'm enjoying a higher priced cocktail.
4	The Crush Lounge is cool...great photography on the walls and the happy hour prices are fantastic!
4	I headed over to the BIltmore to kill some time earlier this week and as I walked by Christopher's I saw a Lavazza coffee umbrella outside. This is one of my new favorite brands of coffee and decided to grab a cup on their outside patio. When I walked in I was a little worried that it would be too stuffy as the host was in a vest and tie and I was in shorts and a t-shirt. Fortunately he was very friendly and I enjoyed an entire French press of Lavazza (putting me pretty close to a heart attack with all the caffeine). Great service, free wi-fi and it was only $5 for what was probably 6 cups of coffee!Thanks guys!
4	I still love this place! That parmesan encrusted goat cheese and bacon salad is as good as it looks and the burgers are great - though the bun is bigger than the burger... Still need to try one of those steaks!
1	Let me begin this review by apologizing in advance, to all I offend and the other previous yelpers who have reviewed this establishment with such high regards.My companion and I were greeted by a warm welcome by hostess and immediately seated at our table.  My first impressions of the waiter was that he was both friendly and attentive, that would be the saving grace(if any) of this experience.  While there were many open booths and tables, we were seated in between two older couples in the back of the restaurant. It was so quiet, I asked our waiter if we were allowed to talk.  We ordered the bottled water service and received our menus.  Upon receipt of the menu, my eyes lit up.  There were so many dynamic choices and eye catching listings, that I was having trouble deciding upon both my appetizer and entree.I ordered a dirty grey goose martini with extra olives and my companion a glass of Cabernet.  My martini was not dirty at all, which made it somewhat enjoyable as it was just chilled vodka,  but the blue cheese olives were abundant and phenomenal.   Our first course arrived and we had decided to share the sweetbreads and the vegetable risotto.  I was a few bites in when it dawned on me that I was about to have an "Avalon" moment.  An exhilarating menu with food that falls infallibly short.  The sweetbreads were covered in some charred type substance neither of us could make out. The sweetbreads were tough and had absolutely no seasoning. The lack of seasoning would become a trend of the entire evening.  The vegetable risotto is not listed or advertised correctly.  It is a small layer of sauce, a few kernels of arborio rice and a pile of vegetables.  I like vegetables as well, but when I am ordering risotto, I would actually like the starch as well.  The risotto needed more than a few pinches of salt and the sweetbreads were inedible.  I thought at this point, that the entrees we had ordered would save the day.  I would be wrong.  My companion ordered the house specialty, the squab.  In my twenty five years of dining, I have never been so embarrassed for a kitchen, as i was for this kitchen, when the food was tasted.  The squab was supposed to be a two legs, confit style, and two breasts that were roasted.  Oh my.  How this dish was able to leave the kitchen I will never quite understand.  It was entirely undercooked, gamey, unseasoned, uncuttable and overall ghastly, just ghastly.  My scallops looked appealing, but for a thirty-two dollar price tag, I was hoping for a bit more than four scallops and a small stack of greens.  Nevertheless, i forged ahead and gave it a try.  The scallops were undercooked, underseasoned(see a trend here?), and utterly tasteless.  My dining partner and I stared at each other for a few moments before we started laughing. One of the best parts about having a really bad meal is that you get to joke about it for a while and the bad meal repays itself in comedy.  That would not be the case here.  When the bill was brought to me and I opened to review, my mouth hit the floor.  Fifteen dollars for that crappy martini? Fourteen dollars in water? We figured that one out, that the waiter brought us a new bottle at the end of the meal, without us asking us and the bottle remained 95% full, but we were charged an additional seven dollars for it.  The bill of $154 dollars, was an outrage to say the least. The squab was inedible, the scallops a disaster, and the appetizers a joke.Sorry for bursting the bubble for people on this one, but my recommendation is to PASS.
5	OK yelpers here goes..... I AM IN LOVE WITH CHRISTOPHERS! Delish~! I usually only eat at the high end froofy restaurants a couple times a year. 1 because prices are high and 2 the servings usually small and let us not forget the Ala cart menu's. Lets face it up scale dining has come to sauces as a side dish. Never the less I like to be adventurous and splurge now and then! I really like the decor the ginormous front door is cool and it opens to a very elegant, hip and trendy kind of suave atmosphere. I'm diggin the kitchen in the middle of the restaurant too. The funky board listing the specials and the almost unisex bathroom. Be careful here that you choose the correct side. The sink is fun except when you reach under the trickles of water and find yourself bumping your hand against someone on the other side. Yeah it happened to me :P I started with the Jasmin blackberry infused green tea. Yum! Mind you it is lunchtime so no liquor for me thanks. Although I maybe could have used just a sip or two today. I chose the butter poached lobster, arugula, pine nut and roasted fennel vinaigrette salad. WOW that was tasty and large enough to split with a friend so I did.For the main course I selected the Smoked truffle infused filet Mignon! OH YEAH MOMMY LIKES~! OMG I know it is over used but OMG! This steak was so delectable I wanted another for desert. Is that wrong? It comes with your choice of 3 sauces to compliment it. I think a Bearnaise, I know a red wine reduction or a brandy peppercorn. I chose the brandy peppercorn, but this steak was so outstanding I didn't want to ruin it with my fork. Let alone a sauce. Do I ordered it on the side. I did try the sauce and it was heaven. So I used it to dip my veggie mix in. Heck ya I'm a little silly like that. Lets just say if this was a meal eaten at home the plate would have been licked clean! By far hands down the best filet I have eaten to date. I am from the Midwest and we ate steak at least once a week. This steak was amazing, delectable, outstanding, stupendous and did I say good? The service was spot on! Our server knew everything about the menu and described everything in great detail! Bravo!Go now and eat it! Christopher I could kiss you! You get 10 steak knives up for that meal.  THANKS, your latest groupie~PS. Diners leave your kids at home, this is no place for them ever! Go hire a sitter, if you can afford to eat here you can afford to pay someone to watch your screaming child so I don't have to. Cheesecake factory is around the corner and they love your kids. :)
4	Wow, very impressed with dinner! Have been here for lunch many times and love. The dinner portions were almost more than my husband and I could eat. I ordered the lobster pot pie which had no joke, half a lobster of meat! Hubs had the duck two ways-excellent.
3	Im torn. Love the decor of crush, well the sofas, art, bar, etc. Ceiling looks like the deck of an old boat with a horrid bright yellow mesh chandelier.The ceiling and the chandelier dont even come close to matching the swankiness of the rest of the place. This is a decorator fail.As for their Happy Hour, the items they offer as far as drinks go are pretty standard. 50% off house wines, well drinks, beer, etc.. I had 2 dirty martinis and I paid $15?? How is that a HH special or should I ask how much are their dirty martini's normally? I was charged the HH price for the vodka but then an upcharge for a martini?? Thats' just ridiculous.I didnt order any food but I did sample my friend's cheese assortment with crostini and it was sinfully good. I would definitely return to try the food and I would recommend the bar, they do make a mean dirty martini, however I would not send someone there under the illusion of great HH prices.
3	Good spot to grab a drink if you're in the area, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it nor am I ever excited to go here. Its usually pretty dead so you don't get much of a vibe and the outside area is just bad - you're literally in the mall parking garage. The inside bar seating is also awkward as it all lines the walls so its tough in groups unless someone wants to sit on a foot rest stool. The food is good but again, the restaurant is always pretty empty so you don't get that good "date night" vibe you want for the amount of money you're going to spend eating at Christophers.
4	I had dinner at Christopher's last night as a result of purchasing last week's Groupon. I thought the wait staff and ambience were top notch. The food, to be honest, left a little bit to be desired. Put simply, I thought it was overpriced (I'm not cheap, either). I ordered the Filet Mignon, which was an excellent piece of meat, but cooked rarer then I had asked for, which in my opinion, getting the order right shouldn't even be a consideration at $36. Moreover, it didn't come with any sides, so it was an additional $7 for some potatoes, although they were quite good, but should have just come with the entree. I'd like to visit Crush (although, it has looked dead the half-dozen times I've walked by).  In the end, I felt nickeled and dimed. Its meant to impress people, but I am not sure who I'd impress by taking them there. I may go back at some point, but there are just too many options nearby to justify a so-so $60 meal.
3	I Visited Christopher's on a Monday evening and was surprised upon walking in at how dead the place was. There were only two other tables occupied in the entire  restaurant. This being the case you would think we would have got prompt attention and great service but it seemed to be the opposite.  We ordered and the long wait began. We started with the escargot, it was delicious, so delicious we ordered another for the table. I ordered the lobster salad and it was fresh and tasty, my friend got the goat cheese parmesan salad and it came warm, as though it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while, for the amount of time it took to get our salads that seemed to be exactly the situation. We ordered our mains and while the food was good, the wait was almost unbearable. It took almost an hour to get our mains, I couldn't understand what had taken so long considering at this point we were the only people in the place.  I ordered the lamb, when it arrived the demi- glaze on the plate was hardened and the meat was barely warm. I think our server may be partially to blame, the food would have been much better had it not sat plated for so long before being brought out.  The same could be said for the dessert, it was decent, but the long wait didn't make it worth while. All in all it took a table of four over three hours and thirty minutes to get through dinner. Not a good experience for the amount of money we dropped. While I will give 3 stars for the freshness and quality of the  food, there are too many other great restaurants in Phoenix to go have to endure the mediocre service at Christopher's.
2	Went here for the wife's birthday... you'd think at a high-end place they would at least offer a free desert... nope!Overall the food good but for the price is did not impress at all. There were a few small exceptions. I explain below the entire meal.I'd go here if someone else was paying but for the $170 (including tip) for 2 people with a half bottle ($20) wine I have had MUCH better food and better experience and many other places.My Suggestion - Spend your high-end $ else where unless you are very wealthy and can drop $170 on dinner like most people would drop $10 on lunch.Wild Mushroom Soup (sans foie gras) was excellent... worth $10, no but very very tasty.Duck Two Ways was good, not great. If it had more veggie or a starch with it the $28 would have been a decent deal - but it lacked those so still a bit over priced.Prix Fixe menu was smoked salmon starter, escolar (one of my favs), veal cheeks, two cheeses, and desert... for $75. For the amount of food it really should be about $55, tops. It was good, not great, let me explain...Smoked Salmon was excellent... really very, very good... but it was a mere sliver like a sliver of prosciutto.Escolar (my favorite white fish) was so-so. It was cooked maybe a bit too much and the sauce was did nothign for the fish except maybe cover the delecate, sweet flavor up... or the over cooking or maybe it was not a good cut of the escolar - could not tell.Veal Cheeks stood out as very good... though the sauce was too thick/heavy and masked much of the natural veal flavor... hint for those that want to get Veal Cheeks here... get the sauce on the side!Cheeses were excellent, good portion too - no complaints.Desert was the Gateau Marjolaine - EXCELLENT. Just get it!
3	Had a groupon so we decided to try this place out. It's like a lounge, restaurant with a really  nice, quiet and intimate ambience, to the point where it's almost too dark to see the other person. The food was good, very creative style dishes. We really liked the lobster salad we had, and the duck curry fries on the side. We shared steamed mussels w/ chorizo and shallots (the guy at the table next to us was raving about the shallots) and the arugula mushroom pizza. Those were good, but I think I liked our small plates better. We also got wine, and I'm not a big wine person, so I was a little peeved when our server had suggested the most expensive glass on the list when I told him I didn't know what I wanted and I don't like wine that much. Seems a bit sleezy. He did pour me slightly more wine than my boyfriend, but I don't know if it was worth the extra $3.50. We probably wouldn't come back here, but it's nice to try once to see what they have. I think there are probably more restaurants out there that are equally as good or better. There were also a lot of fake looking people that dressed really slutty, like older people who want to seem young so they can hang out at a lounge afterwards. Not my cup of tea.
4	Love love the late night atmosphere! Very romantic!!We wanted to get the tasting menu but since the restaurant was having a party in one of its private rooms. It was unavailable for the night. So, we got the seafood platter - which was just okay. It has raw oysters, but since I don't eat uncooked oysters I didn't have any. The roasted bell pepper soup which was good initially but got too creamy at the end. I probably shouldn't be such a pig and shared it. The butter poached lobster and argula salad was pretty nice mix. For the entrees, we had the truffle infused filet mignon, the duck two way, and duck confit, goat cheese, and fig pizza. Sad to say, I only got to eat a couple slices of pizza and a piece of the filet since the soup left me too full for much of anything else. But my date said the duck was delicious. I guess it just calls for a re-visit. :)
4	My husband and i went here for our 2nd wedding anniversary..We wanted to goto some place that was romantic, quiet and served gr8 food & drinks...We were so glad we came to Chritophers..The food & drinks are expenesive but you get what you pay for...The food was gr8..We ordered escagort ( snails ) , seafood and a duck dish...Tasted really good and so did the wine..I will recommend this place for special occassions..You will not be disappointed !!
4	First of all, the wife and I do enjoy this place.  The food is very good, if not great, and we never leave hungry.  Of course, we routinely order $100-150 in final tab price meal.  I've had the filet, perfectly cooked and good, but a bit salty.  I've also head the salmon, which is a bargain on the menu... $18 yields you two relatively large strips of salmon over mixed vegetables, in a delicious butter sauce with lemon taste.  I've had the seafood platter twice as an appetizer my wife and I shared.Also, the toper of chocolate moose is one of the best fancy deserts I've ever had, anywhere.  Almost worth going just for that.  Please pay the $9 and be grateful it's one of the better values on the menu... perfect date desert.Their fries are very filling... duck fries our outstanding.We use restaurant dot com for $25 and $50 and $100 certificates.  I'm not sure I could spend $150 for a couple at this restaurant and feel good about it otherwise.  But getting $75 off $150 in food allows for going crazy, and when we go nuts when we get these, especially for 80% off, we have a good time and the reastaurant still comes out ahead..Just had dinner there last night with my 9 year old daughter... special night out.  I ordered the salmon, she the mozzerlla and tomato pizza for $12, which was huge and could have fed two kids.  But I would never bring a younger child here.  No drinks, finished with the tower of mouse, which my daughter thought was the coolest thing she'd ever seen, and $50 before coupon, $25 after.This is a terrific date night or special occasion place to dine, and the cool modern decor is an interesting compliment to the french cuisine.
5	Three words: Lobster pot pie. Dear God. Each time I put my fork through the perfectly decadent crust, I was overjoyed at what seemed to be a magical, endless supply of meat.
5	Wow!Being a Phoenix native, we have enjoyed many a meals at the hands of Chef Gross. But this past weekend I was blown away.I was planning a large garden party for my friends bridal shower. The record temperatures left my garden ravaged by the heat and I did not want to have sweltering ladies unable to enjoy themselves. After a small response to attendance, I decided to see what some of my favorite dining spots could offer me.I had a small budget but wanted to keep it classy. Christopher's truly rose to the occasion. Alex, was my special event contact and this lady was "on it". Emails and phone calls were returned at lightning speed. She presented a delightful menu with plenty of choices (some even for the vegetarians attending) all with in my price range. We had a wonderful time. We had a party of 18 in the beautiful private room that fit our festivities perfectly. Sundays can be quiet at The Biltmore Fashion Park so it lend-ed us to a bit of intimacy that was nice. Ben was our go to guy. He was right there for every thing we needed and his helpers were polite and attentive.As for the food, well, it's Chris, come on! I had the vegetable risotto ans  it was cooked to perfection. All of the plates came out of the kitchen quickly and all together but no one ever made us feel rushed. Wine flowed, desserts were gobbled up and the ladies oohed and awed over everything. the staff even offered to take gifts to the car for the bride.Thanks for saving me Chef Chris and your team. You were all fabulous and I will be telling all of my friends what a great job you did. The holidays are coming and Ben reminded us that they also do catering! Hmmm, can you say "Christmas Party"?
4	A fine little hideaway for that intimate, special meal.  Service was impeccable throughout the entire meal, and portions were generous.  Not for the budget dining crowd, but shouldn't break the bank either if you're cautious with the wine menu and extras.  Two can get in and out for  under $100 if you need to, and still have a very, very nice time.  If you're in the mood for a splurge, I highly recommend this restaurant and lounge.
4	Well rounded I say.  Modern Moma-like decor.  Stylish food.  Gracious server.  Our food came out tout de suite with the $16 mixed grill salad being satisfying yet large enough for my husband to take some home.  I was hesitant to get the scallops for the $34price so went with the $24 hanger steak medium rare with grilled onions.  I didn't get any sides since it was still 2 more servings after the meal.  It's pricy but cool.
3	So we decided to check this place out. It was my birthday dinner and we wanted to try something new. We started with the Charcuterie plate that had parmesan and manchego cheese, two types of salami, chorizo, prosciutto, seranno, cured beef, pesto, grain mustard, pate and cornichons. It was pretty good, I'd order it again.The wife decided to order the Scallops du Jour, which were seared and served with tomato thyme broth and squash. I have to say this dish was disappointing. The tomato creme was made with yellow tomatoes, and just tasted like butter. The squash was simply steamed, no seasoning. You KNOW it's not a great dish when my wife doesn't even finish half of her scallops.I went with the smoked truffle infused filet. I had a choice of sauces, and went with the red wine reduction. The steak was good, a tad underseasoned though. The reduction was way over reduced and tasted like gravy. it also had the "sauce skin" on top by the time it came out, not very appealing.  Luckily I like gravy, but not what I'd expect from a fine dining restaurant. I'd order the dish again, just maybe with a different sauce.  I decided to order teh curried duck frites. Awesome, awesome, awesome! Huge bowl of super thin pommes frites tossed in curry with chunks of crispy duck throughout. By far the best thing we ate here.Wifey wanted dessert so we had the mousse tower, which was very good.I had a few glasses of a good Bordeaux and wifey just had a beer. The wine menu was extensive, but I was dissappointed at the low amount of wines by the glass. Wifey and I have very different wine tastes, and would never be able to agree on a bottle. The service was great, and the ambiance even better. It was a tad stuffy, but I expect that from the fine dining. Overall a good experience, but nothing to write home about..except the duck frites....
2	So my Dad has been wanting to go to this restaurant for forever it seems. He lives on the East Coast and saw it in some restaurant review article. This week he came to visit so we decided to make reservations. The restaurant had a typical Biltmore atmosphere, nice but snooty. The chairs were very comfortable and the decor was nice. However, there did seem to be a lot of white noise which kind of made it difficult to hear my 4 dinner companions. The bathrooms were very clean and had a really neat sink/rock sculpture/fountain thing going on.But that's not why you're reading this review. You're reading for the most important question, "How was the food?".The appetizers, salads and sides were great. We tried the buttered lobster salad, the parsnip soup, the curried duck fries, potatoes au gratin, and the asparagus. They were all quite yummy.Desserts were also yummy. We had the vanilla flan, the tower of chocolate mousse, and the profiteroles au chocolat. Nom, nom, nom. Is all I have to say.The entrees however, were very disappointing. The duck two ways was bland and both ways tasted exactly the same. The rack of lamb had almost no flavor as if it had not been seasoned at all. I've quite frequently made better racks of lamb myself at home. The truffle oil filet mignon was also merely adequate. The portions were extremely small Honestly, for the price Christopher's just really isn't worth it. While the appetizers and desserts are yummy I've can easily have similar items as delicious at much cheaper restaurants. The entrees are definitely not worth it. Small, bland, uninteresting, and overpriced.
4	Went here yesterday for happy hour with a friend. Honestly had never heard of it til she mentioned it. Glad she did :) Happy hour is from 3-6pm, and my my is it yummy. It's a modern place that's welcoming. We sat at the bar and got the goat cheese and garlic pizza. Yum! and major fan of the crust. Perfect mix of soft and crunch. Also got the salmon salad. Salmon tasted great and salad was coated with the right amount of dressing. Good wine and free bread/butter made for a great happy hour that wasn't too expensive either! Yay!Def looking forward to going back and trying some more
5	I recently went to Christopher's with my friend who was visiting me from Chicago and as foodies as well as her and her boyfriend having a (culinary background), we tend to gravitate toward not just amazing food, but wonderful culinary experiences. We both ordered the 5 course tasting menu paired with wine and let me just say... it blew us away.Upon reading various reviews about Chef Gross, we were both very impressed by his awards varying from Open Table's Diner's Choice, Local Eats 2010, and Phoenix Magazine's review, to Food & Wine Magazine's Top 10 Best Chef as well as a James Beard Award Winner, his resume speaks volumes about his food.  His food also spoke for itself.  We were welcomed and had the best service - he was amazing. He knew not only all about the vineyards, notes, and nuances of the wines but also where the Chef was going with it. What he aimed to bring out in the food with the wines.  What was supposed to be a 5 course menu ended up being a treat with an additional amuse-bouche and cheese course compliments of the Chef! The amuse was a beautiful smoked salmon with a playfully crafted edible spoon, which yes, was more than one bite, but clever.  First course, was a perfectly butter poached scallop in a leak butter sauce that was dreamy, second came the generously packed truffle risotto, third was the large portioned foie gras and mushroom soup, fourth was the extra tender lamb with a squash hash, Chef inserted the cheese course consisting of the manchego, aged cheddar, Humboldt Fog, and Valdeon blue, and of course the final dessert course and we chose the chocolate tower and berry tart.  I honestly could go on and on about the food, but will spare you in saying that as girls who have experienced the fine dining of places like Alinea, Everest, Le Bernardin, and Fleur de Lys, just to name a few... it was up there and well worth it.We were both very surprised that this restaurant is featured at restaurant.com due to its caliber, but we're also girlies on a budget so it was a welcomed deal and an amazing treat since we purchased a $100 credit for $8!  The meal was well worth the full price and beyond.  The portions, especially for a tasting menu, were very large... and oddly enough got larger as each course came.  We both left extremely stuffed, but loving every bite!  Chef Gross is inventive, has great intuition, and his dishes are succulent with perfect textures.  I cannot wait to go back!
5	Have never had a bad meal here.  Full wine list that covers a large variety of wines.  Regardless if you choose to have the full experience in the back room or to just relax at the bar, you are treated like family.  Christopher himself will walk by and chat with you to ensure that you are having a good time.  Reliable and delicious!Pizzas are all good (although I will admit I'm not a huge fan of blood sausage).  The tempura battered bacon served with fois gras is to die for.  Truffled fried or duck fat fries make you forget the day.  And I've never had scallops quite as decadent as ones dusted in vanilla powder.  Never a bad meal!
5	Just went again last night with friend's from out of town.  Here's what we ordered:  Heirloom tomato flatbread, duck confit/humboldt fog salad, beet and burrata salad, leek soup garnished with truffle oil, mac and cheese, hanger steak, side of veg, vegetable risotto.  Christopher sent out some smoked salmon spoons and a dessert plate that was to die for.  My friends all agree that this is the place to be for special occasions.  Had a delicious white burgandy and champagne to boot!
5	My favorite on my first trip to AZ. Food - It was so GOOD. Two thumbs up!! The server Carl recommended the best dishes. Lobster salad was perfect. Hanger steak cooked to perfection. Truffle frites OMG. Service - Fantastic!!! Ask for Carl. A+
5	I really enjoy the dining experience at Christopher's. Overall, it was a really nice place (fine-dining, as many may call it). Ambiance was impecable! The food was surely delicious and prompt you to comeback for more. Most of all, we had a really good bottle of wine, which made the experience a lot more lovely. Of course, the price is the only drawback, but you will get what you paid for...again, it's a fine dining. For certain, I don't mind to have a dinner-date here. It is a fine attribute for the modern-romance ambiance. I heart this place.
4	Great place and delicious food... Nice monday special 1/2 off in wine by the glass. We started at the bar... have some wines and some apps... highly suggested the foi gra with the egg and the tempura bacon!!! I'm sure is very high in cholesterol but its worth it! Then went to the restaurant to have dinner  we sat at the open kitchen area. The staff (cooks) were not too friendly... they hardly talked to each other while working...That is not fun! I loved everything that we ordered except for the calamari... the worse I have tried in my life... but highly suggested the Lobster pot pie and the Grand manier Souflle... I can;t wait to go back!
3	Having been to all of the Christopher's over the years, we were excited to go to the newest one for a celebratory meal with our teenage daughter who loves good food. the ambiance is chic and modern.  disliked being seated next to the waiter station though we had made reservations days previously.   service was friendly and smart, but the waitress was way over worked.  other tables complained to management, but heck, we were out for the evening, it didn't matter to us how long we took at their table as long as the food was hot. wine list is extensive, albeit a bit pricey (to be expected for this Biltmore-area establishment).we ordered truffle fries as a "starter."  Good....but way too many and needed much more salt.  The Alsatian Onion and bacon tart was tasty, but overwhelmed by too much vinegar mixed into the onions -- and this comes from a vinegar fan family.    Burrata and beet salad was tasty, but with only one quartered beet on the plate, buried among huge piles of butter lettuce leaves (very awkward to eat), it lost some points. The Duck Confit salad was a hit with my hubby though.  main courses-- pied de cochon (yes, pigs feet) in pastry with braised cabbage.  would have been good if it was not cloyingly sweet.  Escargot en crote was enjoyed by the snail lovers that the table.  My duck confit, goat chese and fig pizza was a disappointment...very little duck, too many dried figs that got drier in the wood fired oven, and dry goat cheese.Lemon tart for dessert was great.  Waitress disappeared during bill paying time so we left our cash and our "leftovers" were forgotten (as they hadn't been delivered to our table).  We ended up turning back and getting them to have for today's lunch, not that they were that exceptional, but for the price we paid, we might as well get another meal out of them.I am sure that this restaurant has its off nights, but for $200 for 2 people with no wine, we expected more.
4	I'll post a review of my one happy hour experience there. I intend to go back for more. Again and again.The happy hour runs from 3 to 6, and it was suggested--no--urgently pleaded to me by other regulars that I go just for one dish available half-price during that time: The cheeseburger. It's honest-to-god prime rib ground on premises, served on a ciabatta roll with a selection of yam and potato fries. And yes, it is delicious. It was so delicious  that I want to go back to try the rest of the happy hour menu. It was so fully worth the $7 that I think I would have felt satisfied paying the full $14. I want to work my way through the menu and report back each time.When you enter the hostess politely asks if you came only for drinks (most of which are half-price during HH) or food as well. If it's only drinks you get to sit in the hip-a-riffic wine bar to your left, where stylish Helmut-Newton-looking pictures of fabulous babes with wine wait to stimulate you. If you are going to avail yourself of the food menu you are directed to the Cadillac of lunch counters, where all places are set with fine linen and silverware. You get to watch chefs prepare your meal in front of you. Sound exotic? It's more like Kresge's circa 1974, but the experience of eating brilliant impeccable food from a five-and-dime lunch counter is thrilling in a way.The downside--if there is one--is that there is basically none of the "vibe" that you'd get in a more sporty place. This is a nice, quiet, high-toned place, So maybe "happy hour" is a misnomer. Maybe it's more of a "Maslovian Elevation Hour", where one can sit and reflect that if one has time and means to enjoy a perfectly lovely prime-rib cheeseburger for $7, life isn't so bad after all.So yes, thumbs up.
5	Excellent food.  Great facilities.  The duck fat frittees are a must.  Our server, Ed, was knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.  A great experience.
2	The food is good.  Place was dead.   They even called us to ask us to move our reservation earlier so that they could close at 9.The business itself has issues.  We bought on Travelocity a $140 meal "deal" for $69.   When we got there, it ends up it is a limited menu, three courses with three choice each.  Actually the waiter said this is a "sampling menu".  When we added up the deal, even if we ordered the most expensive 3 options, it only came up to $64.  Then you take away that these were much smaller portions, it becomes clear that this certainly is not a deal.  Then they added a 18% tip.   So, food was good but business is deceptive.
5	I've been coming to Christopher's (old location and now new) for about 10 years.....   I can't think of a better restaurant.   I can go on and on about how wonderful they are, but if you need a restaurant to go to with great atmosphere, friendly staff and awesome food, this is it.  - Don't go anywhere else!
5	I DO have a Crush on Christopher's and the lounge!  Located in the back area of the Biltmore Fashion Park, sits Christopher's and Crush Lounge, five stars all the way.  I have had the burgers, pizza, drinks/wines, and the amazing truffle oil fries.  And let's not forget, sweet potato fries with a spicy mustard sauce, so good, and you can't stop eating them.  Happy Hour is great , a huge serving of the fries is under $4!  You can get some fries and a pizza for about $10, and it's tasty.  There are about 3 to 4 types of pizzas, 2 types of fries, so many choices for drinks, and the burgers are savory and charbroiled... I think, I'm not sure, but I am sure they are worth it and I devour them every time I have had one! I haven't been there for weekend brunch or dinner, but I do think it's really worth trying it out.  The staff is attentive and friendly, so overall, one must start to have a crush with this place, even if it's just Happy Hour because I can't see how it can ever be a disappointment for dinner or brunch.
5	I cannot complain about the pricey menu because knowing it is in the Biltmore area, I would expect to pay these prices.The wait/host staff were friendly. There were four of us there for two birthdays. I loved the modern look of the restaurant and was very happy with the service throughout the night. The duck frittes were ordered and enjoyed immensely! Being the only person at the table who liked spicy foods, I ordered the harissa couscous and was expecting a hot dish, but it was served cold. it's not specified on the menu how it's served, but I loved it anyways. It's Israeli couscous, so they are the bigger ones and the harissa was just spicy enough for it. I've had hotter harissa though. Would love to try it hot instead of cold though.I ordered the lobster pot pie for my entree. Had I been at home, I would have secretly licked the plate. It was delicious! Generous chunks of lobster and the sauce was to die for.My friends ordered, and I'm not kidding all three of them ordered the same thing, the scallops with lobster sauce. It's not on the menu like that, but they asked for the substitution of the lobster sauce. The waiter gave us no qualms over it and when it was served it was perfect. The scallops melted in your mouth. I can't wait to go back just to try the full plate instead of the bite I had to beg my friend for!The desserts were amazing and even though they look small, they are perfectly portioned for a full belly..... Can't wait to bring my mother here and spoil her.
5	Ok, I had the Lobster Pot Pie for dinner...only thing left on the plate were the peas..but it was creamy, lots of lobster and a flaky pie crust..it was awesome!
2	Ok here is the short and not so sweet.This place is not good, over priced, and located in the back of the biltmore for a good reason. Just think reasonably good restaurants ie, zin burger, tru foods, capital grill are all visible in the front of the biltimore. Ok enough said on location.We came after happy hour, apparently the time where this place is semi decent because food and drinks are half off.We ordered drinks that were overpriced and short pours. It is a wannabe higher end wine lounge. ok on to the overpriced and over salted food.Beet salad was decent. Wild mushroom pizza was more salt than pizza. Burger was burnt and truffle fries were ok.The kicker of the evening were when 2 women showed up and decided to sit next to us, when the whole lounge was empty. Anyways, they were loud and winey and complaining how they had been recently dumped (I wonder why?) Then Christopher Gross came outside. My husband and I thought he was making the rounds, which would have been nice, but that was not the case. He sat his right next to the obnoxious girls and fed into their bitching. He even supplied them with champagne.Well I guess if my restaurant was completely empty I would hit on pathetic patrons too. So you guessed it, I will not be returning.
5	I'm biased, so lets get that out of the way first. That being said, the guy knows how to cook and places his customers at a level above all else. Is he pleasant to work with? Who cares, thats not why you go here. You go to his restaurant to be amazed, impressed, and well taken care of. He is an artist and deserves his reputation as one of the area's best chefs. A casual stop at the bar for happy hour or a romantic date with your significant other...its a treat. Enjoy yourself.
4	Loved the happy hour!  The wines by the glass were reasonably priced, we ordered two pizzas.  I wasn't crazy about the crust they use but that is just because it was different than what I was hoping/expecting.  Damien was our waiter and he was perfect.  Not hovering but never ignoring either.  In addition to loving the happy hour prices their homemade bread was to die for.  I could go there just for that!
5	Had diner the other night and the food is so delicious best french food in town and grest atmosphere and great wine list
5	One of the best meals I had in AZ !!! The food is amazing! Christopher is an outstanding chef ! brilliant !Service was okay. Would have been perfect is the service was better but overall a great experience ! Must try !
3	very torn on this one around 3.5 starsservice 5 starscheese plate 3-4 starshanger steak 3 starsspecial grouper almost 5 starsspecial of the day gnocchi about 2 starsdessert 4-5 starsThe Cheese plate was a  small mound of house made ricotta (good and very drained) a small mound of goat cheese and a chunk of cheddar and another one that was more tasty than the cheddar served with a large amount of crust slices. We choose the option to add fruit.The Hanger Steak was not the most tender steak but that is our fault for picking Medium Rare when it would be more tender cooked more. This steak was served in a reduced wine sauce with a large amount of sauteed shallots and to the person that ordered this dish they seemed fine for several bites but he said it was more noticeable while getting into the dish that many shallots weren't cooked and he got a strong raw shallot taste from them that kept building and stayed many hours latter.Special Catch was Grouper it was seasoned and cooked perfect with some greens and tiny thin multi color carrots on a buttery mild red wine sauce,this dish was delicious.The side of special of the day house made Gnocchi was in a tomato and cream sauce heavy with (I think she said) shishito peppers and read the description as mild but warned us that she tasted one and it was hot as a jalapeno,we decided to try anyway. The Gnocchi were fried and each had a brown crispy side,the sauce was rich creamy, slightly smokey and I thought had essence of meat? but when you ate a pepper that were cut large this was more like double spicy than a jalapeno and the dish had maybe fifty pieces of this pepper but they were thrown in at the end so it didn't develop into the sauce but would be inedible as is. We did mention this to our sever. This meal was NOT WELL THOUGHT OUT very overly powering in flavor EVEN IF the peppers were milder.....maybe truly a one star...?We had to order the famous Chocolate tower we saw on the television show Check Please,it was impressive looking and enjoyable. We maybe expected to be overwhelmed more because everything we saw on the TV show looked very delicious and impressive.You must stop by the restroom area and see the floating wall that drips water over stones that you use as the rest room sink,both the men and the women share the sink and it is very interesting.
1	The food was decent, however I am writing about their underhanded business practices.I ordered a travelzoo voucher for $69 that included 2 3 course meals. It said "Regularly $140". What we ordered, if had been ordered off the regular menu would have been about $100. However, we were charged tax on the full $140. Second, even though on the voucher it says "PLEASE TIP ON THE FULL VALUE OF THE CHECK." (which implies tip is not included and we get to choose the tip amount) and nowhere mentions automatic gratuity, 18% gratuity (18% of $140, even though we ordered $100 worth of food at the most) was automatically added to our check.Third, even if you had ordered the most expensive options, the highest possible amount it could be worth is $120, not $140. It is mathematically impossible to have the voucher be a $140 value, but that is what they add tax and tip to.Fourth, after we told our waiter we were using a voucher, he seemed less interested in the service level of our table, which i later realized was because he had a guaranteed 18% (of $140) tip.I just noticed today they have another travelzoo deal "$79 - AWARD-WINNING FRENCH DINNER FOR 2 W/WINE, REG. $165", I am posting this so hopefully if anyone is thinking of buying that voucher, they will read this first before they purchase it.
3	07/25/11I have a new crush... and it's Christopher's Restaurant's pizza!  I've been holding onto a restaurant.com gift certificate I'd purchased to use at Crush Lounge for a long time now and decided it was time to use it.  I arrived w/ high expectations, of both the ambience and the food, and I wasn't disappointed... much.  The service was a bit spotty at times- we were immediately greeted when we entered and were seated quickly, but the wait that came after water delivery was a bit long at a time when there were no other guests seated around us.  (Perhaps there were other guests seated elsewhere, but they weren't seated at the lounge, at the food bar, nor outside... Indeed, it seemed like were were the only ones in the room, besides the cooks at the open kitchen area, the servers, and the bartenders.)  Bread was delivered, but we were each given only one one-inch slice of a baguette.  How strange, especially when the butter cup held enough butter to spread over a whole loaf!  Whatever...  Two of the three dinner specials were relayed to us, w/ the promise of coming back to tell me about the scallop dish, but when our server finally came back ten or so minutes later, he asked if we were ready to order, so I had to remind him about the scallop entree... What was in it, and how was it prepared, and how much?  Hmmm, maybe he was ready to go home...Came in w/ Mom, so we had to try the calamari.  I also chose the Duck confit, goat cheese, and fig pizza.  For dessert, we had the profiteroles.  I really liked the calamari's coating-- lightly battered and fried golden-brown.  My fave pieces of the squid are also my Mom's fave, the tentacles, so these were soon finished.  At least half of the remaining pieces, the sliced bodies, were undercooked-- poor value for the $12 menu price tag (and I was charged $13 on the ticket).  The pizza* was TERRIFIC!  Loved the semolina thin crust, and the duck confit gave the entree a great smoky flavor-- I thought perhaps there were lardons included in this dish too, but all the smokiness came from the duck.  Mmmm.... The goat cheese was very creamy, and there were lovely chopped figs all over the place-- I'd order this pizza again in a heartbeat!  The profiteroles were fantastic, as well.  Three sliced choux pastry rounds, filled w/ dark chocolate sorbet, vanilla, and chocolate ice cream, sat on a pretty display made of chocolate ganache and creme anglaise, whole blackberries and blueberries, and a sliced strawberry.  More ganache was poured over the top of one profiterole upon presentation.  I asked if I could have more ganache, and our server quickly obliged-- thank you!!  We loved the crisped flakiness of the pastry (so perfect!), and out of the three flavors, we liked the fudgy dark chocolate sorbet the most.  I tell you, if I could've licked the plate clean, I would have.  :)  Excellent dessert-- I totally recommend!(*Pizza reheats well!  Still lovely in flavor and just as crispy as it was when it was first delivered.  Can't wait to go back and try the other varieties!  Happy hour UYE, anyone?)
4	We went there again on Saturday. The service was great this time! David was great.Our dinner was good, no doubt about it. But we were missing the WOW factor we had the time before. Myshroom foie gras soup was the highlight. Escargot was dry. Lamb special was good. Can't say it is one of the best meals I had in AZ but I would definitely recommend it!I will go again soon to see if the first experience was by chance or the second one :)
4	Sat at the bar where they cook the food and that is the best seat in the house.  They have a pretty good happy hour, all of the food and certain glasses of wine are 50% off - good deal.Food:The happy hour menu is more limited but a good deal for the value.  Had the wild mushroom, fontina and argula pizza.  The crust was fantastic, the toppings were a bit bland and needed a little salt.  Also, shared the cheese plate with crostinis  - good, as expected.  The wine we had was fantastic.  They have a good wine list.  They were making homemade ricotta when we were there, which was cool.  Our server was fantastic.Atmosphere - goodAs a foodie, the only thing that would have made it better is the cook being more willing to talk.  I asked her several questions about what she was making (when she wasn't busy) and she gave short answers and it was clear she didn't want to talk.  I tried this place because the chef won the James Beard Award so my expectations were extremely high.  It was good but it didn't quite meet my expectations of five stars!I would however go there again as the menu looked fabulous!
4	Christopher's has half priced wines by the glass at happy hour!! And did I mention they have a book of wines, not a list, which makes choosing a few rather challenging! The food was fantastic! I had a hamburger with Gruyere cheese and mushrooms, which I gulped down in about 5 minutes because I was hungry and it was YUMMY! After 3 hours of sipping wine with new and old friends at the food bar, I decided it was time for dessert! The Chef, Christopher himself, brought me out an impressive chocolate tower!! I am still dreaming of it today! I had a wonderful and pleasant time at Christopher's. You can tell the staff goes above and beyond to make their patrons happy and they are very friendly!  I definitely need to come back and have a 'real' meal. From what I saw from the 'kitchen' bar, I will not be disappointed.  And I am not sure there is a better happy hour in town considering the quality for the price!
2	We went to Christopher's a few years ago when it was at the old location.  It was our anniversary, and we looked forward to a similar experience for dinner.  Unfortunately, we were really let down and both agreed to not give it another shot -- especially given the high price.  A lot of reviews here talk about Happy Hour, so maybe that would have been a better experience but we won't be going back to find out.Here is a quick breakdown:service 4 stars - very friendly and courteous.  No complaints here at all.  The only ding is that he served diet coke that was clearly flat and we could not spot one bubble in the glass.  The second one was a bit better but still flat.   18% gratuity was automatically added which was sort of strange, but I would have tipped him at least that much anyway.lobster bisque 3 stars (had way more cream & less lobster taste)truffle-infused filet mignon 3 stars - we ordered this medium, it came medium-well to well.  Was lukewarm and the truffle-flavor was very subtle and easy to miss.  Flavor was overall average.Duck 2-ways 3.5 stars - no complaints here but did not blow us awaysouffle - 1 star - This was probably the worse souffle we've ever had.  It was missing some ingredient, but did not have substance or taste.  presentation looked very good though.  We've had this at Zinc Bistro and other french restaurants in the valley and this one was disappointing
1	Ok here is a review that I hope helps everyone. My wife and i went to Christophers 2 nights ago for her birthday. I need to say I own a restaurant and bar in the phoenix area.  mI am a chef but i sincerely rate restaurants on their food, service and atmosphere fairly and most importantly from both my wife and my personal experience. First the atmosphere. I have traveled throughout the USA and Europe. Dined in every conceivable type of restaurant.  All i can say about the atmosphere in Christophers is BLAH ! Plain Jane ! needs improvement.Next the food: In the price range of Christophers......THEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES. I frequently spend 40-75 dollars per plate a la carte style for dinner. NEVER complain about price for quality. So what is my complaint. The quality of the food was FAR below their menu price point. Wife had Lobster Bisque as an appetizer...should have been called flavored cream soup. I had the tempura calamari.....ZERO FLAVOR ! Ny Strip for main entree...anyone have  a saw ? Really pathetic !Wifes obster pot Pie was decent with the exception of the THICK cakey encrusted lobster. Tough flavorless and just ruined the dish. Macaroni and Cheese with ham....have to say was pretty good on the top but VERY runny and milky underneath. Truffled Frites.......NOT BAD ! Or should i say nicely cooked and flavor was good......seasoned well and presented well.NOW Dessert....Chocolate Tower.......UMM...TOTAL DISAPPOINTMENT ! As a signature item needs some attention and a wow effect was no where to be found.Sorry Christophers but.......I believe your days are numbered without some drastic changes. Too many better restaurants in the Biltmore area to visit again.
5	The service here is very good.  I've been coming for years, even back to the days when it was less trendy/more traditional French countryside upstairs of the Biltmore.  The waitstaff, despite the hip decor and occassionally foreign menu item, are very pleasant, not condescending, and quite helpful.  What's great is that whether I go for a formal dinner for a special occasion, or with a friend to "cheap" it out for burgers and duck fries, the service is the same.  There are some great menu items and you could spend many visits exploring them.  Goat cheese flatbread, gruyere pomme puree, lobster bisque, the burger, the salmon... all rather good.Definitely a favorite in my rotation.  And nice decor to heighten the mood further.
2	This review is long overdue. I have been to Christopher's a handful of times and each time there has been something that has made me question the snotty behavior of our servers. Just because my friends and I are on the younger side of the Christopher's crowd (read: under 50) and frequent the place for happy hour, does not mean we are trash or deserve to be treated as such. The following is a sampling of true stories that I have encountered. Scenario 1: 2 of our party of 4 waited at the kitchen bar for 10 minutes after being seated without being acknowledged. No "I'll be right with you" or any greeting at all. The waiter saunters over and asks if they would like something to drink. How are they supposed to know what they want to drink? They had to ask him for a wine menu and for that matter a dinner menu as well. 10 minutes of sitting, wondering who their server is, wondering when they would get a menu.... too much wondering. Scenario 2: The kitchen bar was full during happy hour so they reluctantly obliged to letting us sit at a high top right by the kitchen bar for happy hour since happy hour is only supposed to be at the kitchen bar and the Crush lounge area. We order our first round of wines and the waiter knocks over a glass of red wine all over one of the girls in our group. LUCKILY she was wearing a dark top anyways but the waiter didn't even apologize. I quote, "Obviously I didn't mean for that to happen". That was it. He didn't even help clean it up, he had the busser come over to help her pat down. I understand accidents happen, but apologize for it. Just don't be rude about it. If he would have apologized we would all have a better perception of the place but even beyond that incident, he was short and rude with us the entire time we were there. Scenario 3: This scenario is hard to explain via Yelp review, so please forgive me if it seems blunt/rude/etc. I will be using terms like Asian and White a lot but none of it is meant to be offensive. My friend and I, and another table of Asians, were the only non-white tables at the restaurant. I'm not one to judge based on race, but it just so happened to be something I noticed. I overheard a white table ask the server how the ahi tuna was. The server then told the man asking 'Oh that Chinese guy over there ate it and finished his plate'. .... Ummmm what is that supposed to mean? I don't understand the significance of an Asian guy eating the tuna and how that is supposed to make it sound good or make it sound desirable for the other patron of the restaurant. He could have just said 'that guy over there' if he was trying to say other people have ordered it and enjoyed it. His ethnicity had nothing to do with it. So why do I keep going back you might wonder? Well. Their happy hour is amazing. The food and drink specials mean that we go there expecting rude service, we typically get rude service, but we are able to have a nice dinner, a couple glasses of wine, all for about $20 a person. I will probably go back. I love the wines, the fries, the pizzas, the cheeseburger, and the filet of salmon salad (basically the whole hh menu). Depending on the service the next time I'm there, I plan on telling Christopher myself. He is usually there but I'm not sure how he would react.
3	So I had a Deal Chicken for this place... we had an overall good experience.  There was a separate menu for the Deal Chicken people which was nice - it was a 3-course meal for 2.The choices we made were: 1) A Lobster Bisque that was out of this world - best I've ever had!1) Mussels in delicious broth with chunks of cured Chorizo - out of sight!2) A Tuna Confit Salad well seasoned & lightly dressed - delightful!2) A Mushroom Risotto that was rich & creamy - and oh so good!3) Braised Lamb Shank w/Gruyere mash - absolutely spot on!3) Braised Pork Belly w/"Creamy" Parmesan Polenta - tasty, but see notes.One of my complaints was the Pork Belly dish - it was cut too thick for our liking. I'm no expert, but it seemed like it could have been executed better. And we found out that after I ordered, I received the last of it for the night, it was taken off the menu, so maybe I got the crappy piece at the end? It was still good but we took most of it home & it is going to be applied to 2-3 other homemade meals for the fat & flavor (which I have to say I'm looking forward to!!). Also the Creamy Polenta was not creamy at all - it was served with a tough outer layer, & was very dry.Oh yeah, the second complaint was that they serve tap water that tasted like crap! The least they could do in this upper scale place is serve FILTERED tap water!!!They had an extensive wine selection, but not so extensive on the beer selection. Otherwise, we had a wonderful time talking with another table who also participated in the deal & were lots of fun to share dinner time talk with. The service was great!  We were impressed with the food & will consider coming back, the location is far for us & it is a little pricey, BUT MOSTLY WORTH IT!
5	Thank goodness the restaurant we WERE going to could not accommodate us that night.   I have eaten many times at Christopher's over the years and have always been delighted with the service, ambiance, and above all the food.  Justice, our server, was excellent.   We had  steamed mussels w/white wine broth, homemade ricotta and beet salad, duck thigh confit w/ duck breast cooked to perfection, and to top it off, the obligatory chocolate tower with espresso.  I can say this without reservation, this was the finest meal I have had maybe even ever.   I can not wait to go again.   Trust me, this is one place you want to try.   I would go for your next special occasion out.   For me, that may be to celebrate any given Wednesday evening that it is not over 100F out.
4	Since I am a happy hour junkie I rarely do sit down "fancy" meals. Husband was out of town and a friend had wanted to try Christopher's. being that is is in my backyard I never think to go here. I have done happy hr at Crush and his old place on the other side of the Biltmore but haven't had a sit-down here. Anyway it was so cozy at the bar where we sat. Friendly server and amazing menu. There is not one thing that didn't look appetizing on the menu. We started with the wild mushroom soup with foie gras and the escargot encroute. Both fantastic! for the main we shared the bone-in prime rib ($60) and a side of truffle frites ($8). To be honest the fries didn't taste like truffle to me?? and they r double fried so not a fave. This spot is for me a special occasion place. Dinner would have been $200 with tip if we didn't have a restaurant.com cert. But needless to say with the discount its  a steal! I will be back to try dessert next time. We were so stuffed after a btl of wine and 2 glasses of bubbles. I also wanna try the burger on happy hour : )
1	Food great, service terrible.  If you want some expensive, gourmet food, I highly recommend.  Just don't expect to be waited on with any class or friendliness.  The waiter at the end of the meal spilled the entire leftover and actually began to box up the items that spilled on the floor with his bare hand.  Wow.  Hard to believe this happens, but I would not recommend, there are better options at the Biltmore for the same price and better food quality.  *I guess there's a reason why the restaurant was empty when we were there.
5	I had the goat cheese and roasted garlic pizza and it was phenomenal! The creamy tang of the goat cheese paired well with the whole cloves of roasted garlic and perfect, airy yet substantial, crust. As for dessert, I had the tower of mousse and that was just straight-up ambrosia. Anyways, I enjoyed my experience and I highly recommend it!
1	A friend was in town recently and wanted a great meal.  Although I had not been there, I suggested Christopher's.  When we arrived we decided to eat at the kitchen bar, but after we ordered out drinks we saw a couple seated outside and decided it was a perfect night for it.  We asked the hostess if we could move and she begrudging agreed.  When we walked outside, she wanted to seat us at the table right next to the door (I think as punishment for this huge imposition) even though there were plenty of other tables available.  We asked to sit at the table farthest from the door to give us some space between the other diner and be in a better position to watch the world go by.  The hostess found this very upsetting and tried to force us to sit next to the door, but after our protestations finally said it would be OK with her if we sat at the other table, but that the server was not going to like it.  She sat us in purgatory as steam escaped from her ears and brought our drinks, but that was the last we saw of any servers.  I did notice the hostess and some servers were having quite a discussion about us and I heard one person say "OK, fine, we will let them finish their drinks".  I wasn't exactly sure what that meant, but after 15-20 minutes of being left in the cold and while we were finishing our drinks, the bread guy came by and we asked him to ask someone to get our check.  A waiter finally showed up with a check and was bewildered to find out we were leaving.  However, my impression was that they had decided not to serve us dinner and were simply waiting for us to get the message.That is a very large space Christopher is paying rent on and that night the restaurant was almost empty.  I would think in the current economic environment his staff would have the good sense to bend over backwards to accommodate their guests, but we were left with the impression that they felt they were doing us a favor by being open.
4	I went to Christopher's for Happy Hour on a Thursday night.  We sat at the counter area by the open kitchen.  The advantage sitting by the kitchen is that you get to sample food from the Chef.  Can't beat that!  They have a good selection of pizzas, flatbreads, wines on their HH menu.  I had the Wild Mushrooms Shallots & Arugula, which normally is $16 but its $8.  You get a full pizza loaded with arugula and mushrooms.  Pizza was on a thin crust and crunchy. The sweet potato fries needed dipping sauce.  It was good, but tasted that it has been sitting in the heat lamp.   The service is sincere and friendly, but can be slow at times.  Christopher's is a very charming place for those looking for an eclectic experience.
4	I have been really wanting to go to Christopher's for awhile now, so when some fabulous fellow yelpers invited me to join them after the elite event at Capital Grille I was very excited.  We went for happy hour, which is a great deal.  The wine list is a novel, you may want to bring a book mark or some sticky tabs, because at 1/2 off you'll be wanting to try a few.  Our server had his hands full with so many yelpers, but did a great job and was very flexible with our separate checks.  Golden.It's hard to choose what to get, everything looks amazing, but the hubby and I settled on the sopressata and ricotta pizza.  The crust was divine, really really good, the toppings didn't hit the spot for us, I'll be trying another one next time.  The mac-n-cheese that was passed around our table was amazing.  Order. It.  Really.The place is nice.  Very nice.  However the sink freaks me out, makes me feel like someone is going to grab my hands and pull me in, but Christopher's is in no way responsible for my neurotic tendencies.Anyway, I'll be back, for more wine, lots of mac-n-cheese, and probably one of the happy hour burgers I've heard so much about.
4	Great food and setting.My wife, 3-year-old, and I hit Christopher's with a coupon from Bing.  It was listed under French cuisine, but that's not fully accurate.  There are certainly French influences, but it's not the main theme.  Beyond that, we received knowledgeable service and the staff was family-friendly.  Food was very good-- flavorful, meat was cooked correctly to the order, and pastas were rich.  They seem to put work into some interesting flavor blends if you take the time to pick up flavors and aromas.  Desserts were a hit with my ladies.Did notice that there was another tale on the other side of the room that seemed to be having problems with their service.  A waiter seemed to be ignoring a couple for some reason.  And we were left a few times waiting for refills and our check.  But, I don't hesitate to catch someone when I'm done waiting.All-in-all a fine experience.  We plan on visiting, again.
2	OK, so I have a Deal Chicken coupon.  We make the reservations.  We show up.  We get the laser printed special menu, which is ok by me, I get that we won't be getting their finest meal.  We sit. We wait. We order drinks. We wait. We drink the drinks.  We wait. We order dinner.  We wait. Dinner comes. We eat. Waiter never drops by to ask how the meal is. (It's OK) Bread guy is too busy hoarding bread to give any out. When I work down to the last 1/4 of my glass of wine, I find it's full of sediment. I wait for the waiter to appear. Waiter acts as if I brought the sediment in myself and returns with another glass with exactly same amount as before, so you know, I don't like 'get over' or anything, and he brings the check. We leave.  We vow never to return. Nothing special and I don't need the 'tude dude.
2	Average at best. Eye is off the ball.  Average food.  Weak service.  Too many other better choices.  I knew I should have questioned this place as I came from the covered parking section and noticed trash and boxes were left out by the wood pile.  I almost didn't go in for that reason, now I regret that I did.
3	I've been to Christopher's several times and there are several things I really like: The atmosphere, being able to sit at the bar surrounding the kitchen, the innovative and varying menu choices. I have had outstanding food - including the duck confit salad with brandied cherries and a sizable chunk of Humboldt Fog (which they don't offer any more). Recently I had two less-than-fantastic experiences in a row. We went to Christopher's specifically for the rabbit, which is Tuesday's special. This time it was served with a pan sauce, polenta and yellow squash. My friend who was also getting the rabbit ordered first. She has a bunch of dietary restrictions, so she wanted her rabbit without sauce, and with steamed vegetables. When it came time for me to order, the server did not come around to where I was, which I found odd - if not rude. I said "can you come around, please?" and he gave me The Chin, as if to say, just go ahead with your order. So I had to talk across my dinner partner. I ordered the rabbit "as it comes, with the sauce", but didn't want the polenta and yellow squash. I asked if I could have a salad instead. The waiter said yes, and I asked if it came dressed with a vinaigrette, which he confirmed. Dinner arrived. And I did not get what I ordered. I had naked rabbit on the plate -  no sauce. That was quickly solved, but still. And then the salad I ordered were greens piled on a plate with a side saucier of vinegar and oil. I had not asked for the dressing on the side, in fact, I would have preferred the salad be dressed. So I found myself whisking the vinegar and oil furiously with a fork to get it to emulsify enough so I could put some on my greens. This was not a great dining experience. Several nights later, I went again and ordered the seafood assortment: salmon, scollop, mussels, and calamari over risotto and some kind of sauce. Granted, I wanted it a bit different from how it was presented, but I should be able to get what I want. So my dining partner ordered first (same one as above) no sauce, no this, no that. Then I ordered - "seafood as featured, except the risotto on the side". Here comes my seafood - naked on the plate. No sauce. Clearly, this waiter also did not listen. Sauce was produced on the side, but it's not what I wanted. Plus, about half the dish consisted of calamari that were battered and fried. Nowhere on the menu board did it say 'fried calamari'. The waiter did not mention it. I cannot eat a pile of fried food if I don't want to have huge stomach upset. So I couldn't eat half of my (unsauced) dinner. The salmon, scollop, and mussels were outstanding, though. The risotto (on the side) had zero flavor. There were several other ordering issues that I don't want to bore you with here, but bottom line is, neither of these (seemingly seasoned) waiters listened to the varying needs of their guests.
4	Sat at the bar- counter Friday evening and greatly enjoyed the 'food preparation' going on in front of us.  Our server was very attentive and our scallops and chocolate tower were delicious.
3	Came here for dinner and drinks with a huge party of girls. We went on a Saturday night and the place did not seem very busy at all. The lighting was perfect for a lounge atmosphere and we did end up sitting in the lounge area. I didn't find the seating in the lounge too comfortable since the seats were really low, but I did like the decor. I ended up getting a few cocktails and their Mixed Pomme Frittes - yam and regular french fries - which I definitely recommend! Most of the cocktails were $12. I tried the Pear Martini which was pretty strong, but the best cocktail I tried. Also, had the Strawberry Guavatini which was just okay. Overall, the service was just average. The server checked on us regularly but nothing really amazing. It took longer than it should have (I think) to get my pomme frittes considering I was one of the first to order. We WERE a pretty big party, but the server made it more difficult then it needed to be to separate checks. This would be a great place to have a dinner date or come with a smaller group, but definitely not recommended for bigger parties. Be prepared to spend $$ because the menu is pretty pricey!
3	This French-American restaurant and lounge presents a chic and modern vibe.   What I like about the setting is that it has an open kitchen so you really feel a part of the restaurant and watch the chef in action if you sit in that area.  However this flashy atmosphere didn't have the great food I would expect from the setting.Here's a breakdown of what I liked and didn't like about the food selections.  No appetizers were ordered.  However the chef offered us a complimentary duck pate for starters.  The duck pate was good and simple and had a rich flavor.  However it was complemented with a very strong mustard sauce and very lemony salad.  The mustard seed with olive oil sauce was too overpowering for the light duck pate.  And the salad didn't seem it was mixed well.  The vinaigrette on the salad tasted like lemon juice.For the main course, we had a lamb shank and filet mignon.  We also ordered a potato au gratin as well for the side dish.  The lamb shank was the best main course.  Lamb shanks can be cooked with a light meat taste or heavier like in this case.  The gamey taste of the shank complemented well with the mushroom risotto sauce.  The meat came off the bones just beautifully. Be sure to complement the dish with a more medium to full-bodied wine.   The medium rare filet mignon was disappointing.   It was overcooked in parts of the filet and the texture was off.   Sometimes I felt like I was gnawing at the meat.  The peppercorn sauce just didn't fit well with the dish.  It would've been better if there wasn't any sauce at all.  I've just had better filets before.  The potato au gratin came out beautifully.  Parmesan cheese and cream mix made the light and moist.  Adding cream really made the difference and I could even eat it after it was cooled down.  Now on to the dessert.  We choose their signature cheesecake.  This isn't what you would normally expect from a cheesecake.  It was garnished with a champagne honey sauce, light layer of almonds, fresh strawberries, and a decorative sugar piece.  The cheesecake itself was awesome.   However I couldn't stand the sweet champagne honey sauce.  Eating that sauce with the cheesecake felt like eating sugar with a cheesecake texture.Overall opinion, flashy, but not so much substance.  Especially for the price we paid.  Most of the dishes were ok, but the complementary elements like the sauces made the dishes worse.   The main thing I would like to see is that the chef would make sure that every element of the dish will work well together.
5	I've been to Christopher's twice for lunch and have never been disappointed.  The first time was a 'girls day' with my mom and we both had the express lunches - salad, a main course, and dessert.  The arugula salad is a fab starter, and I've had the grilled veggie sandwich and burger.  The burger was a bit dry, but still delicious.  Today I went with a friend and my two children (5 and 3).  I was a bit wary because it seems a little too high end for kiddos, but they were treated like little royalty.  Our waiter shared that he worked on a cruise line years ago, and drew little pictures on the kid's cups as well as made them these little hats out of cloth napkids.  It was so sweet!  And we celebrated my son's birthday while we were there - complete with a sparkling firecracker!  It was a great experience.
5	One of the best meals I've had in a while.  The atmosphere is really cool, they have an open kitchen and you can sit right at the counter around it and watch them make your food.  You can imagine that with that kind of pressure they're gonna be working harder to make sure it's good!They didn't disappoint.  I ordered the Smoked Truffle-Infused Filet Mignon and was so happy I did!  It was actually cooked correctly (medium rare) and came with a delicious red wine sauce that complemented it perfectly.  For dessert I couldn't decide between two of them so I ordered both!  Total splurge but it was worth it.  I got the cheesecake and the Gateau Marjolaine.  The cheesecake was honestly one of, if not the best cheescakes I've ever had.  The flavor and texture were exquisite and it was simply topped with some sliced almonds.  The Gateau Marjolaine was good, but nothing compared to that cheesecake.I was impressed with the service as well.  I had a dedicated server who took my orders and checked on me but that didn't stop the other servers and bussers from checking on me as well which I love.  If I was finished with something then whoever noticed first took care of it and cleared it for me.  Same with refilling my water so it was just a great experience from start to finish in all aspects.
4	Cool Vibe at this place. It was our first visit to Christopher's, we have heard quite a bit about it.  We meet friends for a quick drink and appetizer.  The staff was very attentive, although our drinks took awhile.  We order the wild mushroom, arugula pizza.....which was absolutely delicious and only 16 bucks.  They have a wonderful wine menu, but beers on tap is limited to two.  We would return for the pizza alone.
2	Came here with the Better Half to celebrate her Birthday.  The restaurant came highly recommended by a friend, and we noticed that they had Foie Gras on the menu (her fave) so we decided to check it out.  We reviewed the menu before we got to the restaurant and decided to order:Roasted Foie Gras Prepared Sous Vide - $110 Smoked Truffle-Infused Filet Mignon - $38For sides - $8 each:Mac n' Cheese au Gratin w/ HamGnocchiPotatoes Au GratinThe server took the order and came back a few minutes later to tell us that they're out of Foie Gras.  We were extremely disappointed and surprised....especially since there were 3 items on the menu that had Foie Gras as the main ingredient and the place wasn't packed.  In an attempt to save the day, the server checked with the kitchen and came back and said there was a small piece of Foie Gras left for the Appetizer but that he could prepare it like the entree.  Since we came all the way down here for the dish, we agreed.While we were waiting for our dinner, our Bread and Water was never refilled and we had to pour our own Wine.  For a restaurant like this, we didn't expect that kind of service.The food arrived...the Filet was decent, but not great.  Not as tender as I usually like it.  The highlight was the Gnocchi.  The Better Half said her Foie Gras tasted a little funny.  She didn't finish her serving.Overall, the experience was sub-par.  The server's attempt to save the day kept us from giving this place 1 Star.Return Factor - 5%
5	I imagine it must be difficult to provide a successful upscale dining experience in a city where it's not uncommon for $30 plates and $100 bottles of wine to be consumed by men in shorts, hawaiian shirts, and flip-flops. And yet, despite the Phoenix dress-down culture, Christopher's has redeemed a space in the snowbird jungle that will leave one feeling graced, special, and pleased to have chosen this as a romantic dining respite. Surely designed by wizards of space and style, the misting, shaded patio, lounge, kitchen-side bar, and two inside dining rooms give the feeling of old world mastery sharply clothed in new world zen. And the food? Delicious, succulent, creative, balanced, intelligent, and so on. As if all this wasn't glowing enough, the generous happy hour takes this fine food and drink experience and makes it accessible to those starving artists among us. Christopher's a restaurant that leaves me feeling grateful. I hope it does so for you as well. Cheers.
5	When I'm casual but want to feel NYC I go to Christopher's.  We go here for a special occasion dinner or on the fly happy hour...which is the best HH food in town!  Let me repeat that - best in town!!!  Hamburger with truffle fries, brick oven pizza or a perfect salmon salad plus a beer or glass of wine for about $10/person. Can't beat it!  Sitting at the open kitchen makes me appreciate the setup and organization required to run a restaurant as well as the chef's tats!?  If you don't want the blaring heat of the brick oven, don't sit at the corner next to it...Phoenix is HOT enough in the summer, so cool off and let someone else do the cooking!
5	Wow!  Christopher's is a great restaurant.  I am still new to the area and it was a little hard to locate, but worth the search.  The BEST calamari I have had.  The salmon was cooked perfectly with just the right amount of sauce to season.  The Lobster pot pie was excellent.  And the service......Fantastic!  The Bartender for happy hour, the host, support staff and the server were amazing.  I was there on business and they knew when to approach and when to stay back.  Water was always filled but never intrusive.  This may be the best restaurant in Arizona.
2	This place used to be a favorite.  The food is very good but the portions are rather small for the price.  I'm all about presentation but don't comprise the size of the meal so much just to make it pretty.  Their lobster pot pie used to be huge and look like an actual pot pie with tons of veggies and lobster but the "updated" version is a quarter of the size and looks nothing like a pot pie.  It is simply a piece of lobster tail with a tiny pastry puff on top and no more than ten pea size carrots and potatoes, for 40 bucks!! Don't get me wrong, It is a great spot and the food is delicious but I think they need to increase portion size or lower their prices a little.
5	Exceptional food and service.Took my in-laws to Christopher's to celebrate a retirement and had an even better experience the second visit.  The food was perfectly prepared, top quality, and tasted superb. Josh was our server and managed our experience perfectly-- courses landed together, drinks never emptied, he was great with our 4 year-old, and was intimately knowledgeable about the preparation of the options.  Couldn't ask for a better dinner.Only odd thing is that this restaurant is in a high-end strip mall and splits with a small bar.  Not bad things, necessarily.  Just not things one sees often.  Then again... ZinBurger is also in that mall.
4	Hubby and I needed a splurge night so we hit up Christopher's. The atmosphere is nice, upscale, with a few different seating areas. Very professional service. We were impressed with all of that.We had 3 glasses of wine.  Still, they have a great (if somewhat snobbish--really, what's this nonsense about "Anything But Chardonnay"?!) wine list.They tout a big pour, but it didn't look that generous to me.We started with the escargot en croute. You get 6 small snails under an incredibly buttery, flakey crust. I wished for more protein, but believe me, not a flake of crust was left on the serving dish. It was so yummy.I had the duck pizza. I thought the duck was a bit dry and there just wasn't enough flavor on it. I also got the mac n cheese. It was also just ok. I didn't care for the weird strips of ham--seemed like a clunky execution. Both went home with us so hubby could finish the next day.Hubby got a steak. It's served a la carte, so his $38 got him steak. Maybe 6 oz. In a drizzle of red wine sauce. With a bit of charred something dusted on the rim. While it was well prepared, he spent the meal digging large peppercorns out of it, so they wouldn't get stuck in his gums. The waiter recommended the gnocchi, and it was probably the best we've ever had. Silky smooth texture. It was incredible. I mostly ate that. GET THE GNOCCHI.We finished with the tower of mousse, which was good.All in, we spent $174. While it was quite good, I think we wanted to be blown away for the price, since for us it was definitely a splurge. I'm glad we went, but I wouldn't say it was a terrific value. However, given it's location in the Biltmore shopping area, maybe they don't need to care about value.
5	Great happy hour. Food always the best.
3	So I met up with the Girls last Friday for some gossip, wine, and snacks.  I had never been there before but it came highly recommended so I gave it a shot.  The pluses: a killer parking spot at the back of the Biltmore, a wonderful server, and a good glass of wine!  The "room for improvement" comes down to economics...repeat business demands some deals.  I am a supporter of those kinds of places as I live in Central Phoenix and I love fine dining just as much as anyone else but simple math dictates the number of times I indulge.  Maybe it's time to offer a pricing for "locals" and maybe beef up the happy hour offerings ???
5	What a great stop for cocktails after work!  Good happy hour specials and the appetizer menu looked tasty, but I didn't order anything.  The wine and cocktail selection is vast.  The location is somewhat obscure in a shopping center, but I would visit again if I was in the area.
5	This is the Macho Man Randy Savage!  Welcome to Christopher's Restaurant\CRrrrrrrush Lounge!  Oh Yeah! (To the late Macho Man Randy Savage!)Christopher's Restaurant is actually far from the WWE.  I would say it has a lot more class and realism to it.  Located inside the Biltmore Fashion Park, Christopher's Restaurant/Crush Lounge place is a hidden gem!  The restaurant itself is split into two areas, the restaurant and a lounge.  The restaurant area is very hip with a contemporary feel.  It has an open kitchen where renowned Chef Christopher Gross and his sous chefs create his master pieces in front of patrons.  Yes, it is a delight to see an artist at work!  I definitely recommend sitting at the restaurant bar once to meet all the chefs.  Crush lounge is the other half.  It's sexy and sleek.  Feel a bit naughty?  I hope I'm not the only after a visited to this bar!  The portraits on posted in front of the bar is very "mature audience" oriented.  If you can't handle the heat go to the restaurant; a lot more PG-13 on that end.  Crush lounge is an intimate area where you can enjoy your drinks and order some small bites.  The Crush lounge offers up cheese platters, pizzas, and some of your favorites from burgers to calamari.  The food from the restaurant half is a nothing less than great!  If your palate doesn't say wow then have checked out.  Might need an MRI and put on injure reserved list!  Chef Christopher offers everything from your basic burgers and pizza to fine dining cuisines like Foie Gra and Duck Confit!  Trust me you're losing out on anything if you order here.  Matter of fact you'll probably come back to try the rest! - Enjoy!
3	Very much enjoyed the duck confit salad and ease of wine pairings by the waiter Edward, as well as attendant.  Christopher's Crush is a natural draw to me when at the Biltmore. Service, including attentiveness, was five star. However, the young sous chefs may not realize that the chatter and glances, especially at gals walking by the restaurant, are obvious and distract from the exemplary experience at Crush.Other than the detractors, the salad, wines, and waiter and attendant, made the Crush an enjoyable lunch reprieve. (Bread was worth a return trip.)
4	Amazing food and pretty reasonable prices, with a nice atmosphere.
4	The food and the atmosphere were 5 stars but the service was 3. Our server started out great, but at the end of the meal it took forever to get our change. I felt like he was taking extra long in hopes we would leave the full difference. Never a good feeling to have after a good experience. Overall I would return.
5	Still my favorite happy hour spot. Half priced wines -- a HUGE selection of quality wines from which to choose -- and gourmet quality food. While not on the happy hour menu specifically, the mac n cheese remains a deal. It's cheesy but not gooey. The spiral noodles are perfectly cooked. You'll find plenty of pieces of thinly sliced ham. The flat breads and burgers are standbys. And, these are among the only sweet potato fries I will eat -- generally, I hate sweet potatoes but the seasoning and texture of these fries is doable. ;)Save me a seat at the bar!
5	I really like the kitchen bar. I came for an early happy hour around 3:30, and the soux chefs were preparing for dinner. I like the accountability of an open kitchen like this; it gives a good feel for the way the chefs handle the food and the passion they have for cuisine. I watched my pizza baking in the cherrywood fire oven, and it was delectable paired with my red blend. I got the goat cheese and dried tomato pizza with roasted garlic, and I can't complain about a single aspect of it. So good, and plenty big. Service was attentive, and I could tell my server was bored because he kept coming over to talk about the menu, the restaurant, etc. I would expect good dinner service here, and can't wait to come back and sit on the patio. Well done, Chris.
3	Had a lovely lunch at Christopher's today, a belated Valentine's day celebration. Their famous wild mushroom soup with foie GRAS was a revelation. My husband loved his mussels with chorizo and duck confit salad. The only disappointment was my scallops that hadn't been prepped well and had a lot of grit, plus the vegetables were overlooked and soggy. The French bread served with meal was perfect, crusty, toothsome. Service was efficient and our server (a dead ringer for Chris Daughtry) was friendly and knowledgeable. Still I think something should have been comped. I.e. a free espresso or something. The full amount was billed even after telling them about the grit and soggy veggies. At least a free drink or something was in order for this $120 lunch. The soup made it worth the trip though and we'll go again.
5	Service was excellent.  Food quality was outstanding.  We will be back.
3	So went because we bought a Restaurant.com coupon (spend $100 and get $50).  I hadn't been to Christopher's since it was across the street and it was the late 90s so I was due to go.First off the new location is terrible.  It's basically in the parking garage of the Biltmore.  I guess the parking is much easier than it was across the street (it used to be in an office building, where you needed to park in an office garage and deal with validation), but having it just off the parking garage at the Biltmore was a poor decision.    What a horrible location to pick.  No views and a towering white parking garage looms overhead.   They should have considered this location better. Even a court yard view or the front parking lot view would have been better,.Once inside the restaurant the ambiance was great and service was impeccable.  I ordered the filet and my SO ordered the fish of the day.  Both were spectacular. We first ordered the fois gras as an appetizer along with the duck salad and both were to die for.  After all was said and done (appetizers, dessert, side dishes and a bottle of wine) and with the discount of $50 we were out the door at ~$220.  Here's my problem.  Was it good?  Sure it was. It is one of the better restaurants in Phoenix.  Have I had a better filet?  I think Capital Grille is way better.  The side dish we order the mac-and cheese with ham.  It was good but very unremarkable.  It was delicious, but again , I think the mac and cheese with lobster at Capital grille is way better.   I think Lons at the Hermosa Inn and Royal Palms were way, way better and more memorable dinners with views, ambiance and food.Another thing that bothered me was the 18% gratuity automatically added to the bill.  Don't get me wrong - I am a great tipper, but I felt as though it was presumptuous to do this - either assuming all people are cheap or too stupid to figure out a tip on larger checks.  Maybe I'm just old school and being persnickety. Don't get me wrong; the food and service was great, and I recommend everyone try Christopher's - once.  But after it was done, for what came to almost $300, I just think there are restaurants with much better views, better ambiance and better food with equally as good service.  I think the vibe across the street was much better.  If I were in the area and had a client lunch, I would definitely go there to try the pizzas and the lunch fair, but I think I will wait another 12-13 years before I go there for dinner again.
5	Returned to Christopher's for a birthday dinner and all I can say is cest magnifique. What an incredible food experience. We've dined in France, Italy, LA, San Francisco, Montreal, Toronto, NYC - at Bobby Flay's, Mario Batali's, Thomas Keller's, Wolfgang Puck's, Alice Waters' etc. Chef Christopher Gross of Phoenix deserves to be included in that group. I made a point of ordering his signature dishes  for our second visit. The mushroom soup with foie gras is still a revelation. This time I followed up with the lobster pot pie. His pie is more of a deconstructed one with loads of tender lobster in sort of a beurre blanc sauce nestled in puff pastry. One of the best dishes I have tasted ANYWHERE. The server, Julio, was a perfect waiter. He knew the menu, could answer any questions, had great recommendations, plus he knew when to be at our table without hovering. Just the right amount of attention. My husband had the filet mignon with the curried duck fries and again I have to say those fries were the best we have tasted anywhere in the world. Just fabulous. He also had a lobster salad that he said was the very best he's ever eaten. We sat at the lovely banquette with stupid smiles on our satisfied faces, feeling like we had arrived in foodie heaven. For desert we shared Christopher's triumph the chocolate tower which I gather he actually demonstrated to Julia Child on one of her TV shows. It's a chocolate mousse in a lattice of chocolate and topped with fresh berries and a little pitcher of creme anglaise. Again, cest magnifique. This meal stands out at the top of my list of best meals I've ever eaten and Christopher's is now our new favorite restaurant for special occasions.
5	Cristopher's Restaurant (former  Crush Lounge) is a really high quality and fun place to eat.  I was in town for a conference and several of my colleagues recommended this restaurant.  Glad I went.First, I have to start off this review by saying that the service here is OUTSTANDING.  Or, maybe just our waiter (John or was it David?) was the bombshadiggidy.  He immediately greeted everyone and learned our names (and used it throughout the night).  Super professional and funny service.  Awesome!For appetizers, I had the Foie Gras pate.  It was served with bread and pickled vegetables.  Very traditional French, and very fun to eat!   Grade:  BFor my main meal, I ordered the Foie Gras Prepared Sous Vide.  This dish was well worth the hefty price tag.  It was delicious and well prepared.  Seared foie gras served in it's glory, accompanied by roasted brussel sprouts white and purple cauliflower, and plated with a delicious sauce.  Beautiful presentation.  Quality cuts of foie gras.  Grade:  A-http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/christophers-restaurant-crush-lounge-phoenix?userid=jI5grCzPrcpYgqtNVygWRQ#RpUC0AEb0MeZNoJUwNPutgI'm a fan!Food Grade:  A-Service Grade:  A+Worth the Money Grade:  B+Overall Impression:  A-
5	UmI flippin' love this place.LOVE.The foie gras, blood sausage pizza is richhhhhhh... but man is it good.Haven't been disappointed here yet!
5	I went here with a few friends to try it out during restaurant week.  The servers are attentive.  The food is amazing and very french.  Overall great meal.
2	Usually enjoyable, but valentines day menu sucked, so i ordered off the taste menu and the portion sizes were appropriate for a 3 year old. Went there expecting duck and gnoche, left with empty wallet and empty stomach.
5	Absolutely fabulous cocktails. Great Wine list. Fabulous food. Aaron was awesome. Can't wait to go back there again.
5	ASK FOR JOSE. The food is fantastic, but the service can be TERRIBLE. I eat here all the time and if I am seated in John's section.. I leave (no joke, he is so rude).
3	I've been a regular at Christopher's for years and find the happy hour to be a delight.  Yet I am disturbed by the service.  The host and servers almost always seem to be busy even when the restaurant patronage is low.  The kitchen is open but the chefs (with the exception of Sean) seem to lack basic people skills.  They could take a page from Noca where there is a good deal of fun interaction.  Otherwise put the kitchen out of view.  Servers could use a bit more interpersonal training.  I had Brad who seems to be an exception to this.  This is a good neighborhood restaurant.  Just needs tightening in the interaction department.
2	Place was empty which should have given me a clue, but for some reason it didn't. I had the butter poached lobster salad, which was recommended. The tiny bit of lobster was very good, but a total afterthought or justification for raising the price of a simple arugula salad to $18. It felt like I was eating a small appetizer and salad thrown on the same plate. The two together just didn't work for me. As an entree I had the scallops, which were ok at best and fairly simple. $38 for 4 medium size scallops and a cup of brussel sprouts was a bit offensive. I don't mind spending money on good food, but I do mind spending good money on mediocre food. Now I know why it was empty - case closed.
5	Another addition to "Pissed at myself for not trying sooner". I think I had't been to Christopher's sooner because of it's location. I'm usually at the Biltmore shopping and spending too much money at the Apple Store. So I usually walk on by to head home play with my new toy(s).So I finally made a conscious effort to go and I was pretty sure upon walking in that I would regret not coming sooner. I had a few drinks at Crush lounge and though tiny, it fit the bill for an actual lounge. So many places call themselves lounges when they're just a bar trying to glorify themselves.Crush is a true lounge-a small scale version of what you might find at a boutique hotel:intimate, dimly lit, good music and private spaces to enjoy a cocktail with someone special. I have to make it an effort to come here for cocktails more often because the vibe here is usually what I'm looking for-mental note made.After drinks we took a seat at the Kitchen Bar, where it was awesome to watch Christopher and his team at working creating culinary works of art. I went on a Monday where I was able to take advantage of one of their specials: grilled tenderloin with au gratin potatoes for $20. SCORE!!!!! It was served sliced up and served with a Cabernet reduction which was delicious. I also got to try some mushroom and arugula pizza which was served on such heavenly crust. Everything was c'est magnifique!I really have to applaud them as well for a top notch wine list. I LOVE South African wine and there are very few places in the U.S. that  feature on their wine list. So as if I wasn't happy enough with my meal and the experience this little extra plus is what earned them five stars in my book.This is a very nice place and I can't wait to bring my family here. I'm sure a lot of folks may overlook this place if they're busy shopping. If nothing else, stop in for lunch and see why you need ot make it back for dinner.
1	To be fair, I have only tasted their restaurant week menu.  There regular menu might be executed better, though I doubt I will be back to find out.  For those of you trying to select which restaurant to try for Restaurant week a word (or many) of caution.  I decided to go with the wine pairings, which were ok though nothing to write home about.  Let me start with the bread, as I have come to judge a restaurant on this initial offering.  While not offensive the baguette had a chewy almost stale exterior-nothing like the crust you would find in any boulangerie in France.  I do wish that American restaurants would serve homestyle bread or even focaccia, rather than a poorly executed artisanal bread.  I did appreciate that the butter was salted and at room temperature rather than ice cold.  Onto the appetizer: I opted to start with the ravioli with truffle essence and fine herbs.  The only redeeming element of this dish was the faint flavor of truffle.  The pasta itself was tough.  It actually reminded me of the refrigerated ravioli you can buy at Trader Joes.  The broth that it came in was ok, but nothing that you would want to soak up the extra with your bread.  The best part of my dinner was the 2nd offering-the scallop mousse.  It was seasoned well and had a texture that would remind you of a cross between a panna cotta and egg custard.  The flavor was fresh, though the few peas on top were a but starchy.  I ended the meal with the sole entree. The sole lacked even the tiniest bit of salt or pepper, as did the steamed cauliflower beneath.  The sauce swirled around the perimeter of the plate was quite tasty, however, each element of a dish must be seasoned properly for it to be enjoyable to eat.  Given that I had expected to gorge myself on delicious food, I had eaten a very small lunch.  After leaving over half of the tough pasta and an entire filet of sole, I left the restaurant still hungry and set back $70.  If in the Biltmore area and looking for a nice meal, I would suggest Seasons 52.  Although not as trendy or fancy, I also have had much better food at Zinburger and True Food.
4	We came for a drink before dinner and ended up staying for dinner,  after seeing the delicious restaurant week menu. The Happy Hour is a good deal. I would like to return for that. It was fun sitting at the Kitchen bar and watching the chefs and cooks do their thing. It was also a bit loud as it got busier. We had a cheese plate that was delicious. Dinner: They were kind to accommodate us and seat us in a quieter more secluded area of the restaurant. It is decorated very simply but trendy and upscale. I particularly liked how they dropped the cavernous ceilings by making floating ceilings. This warmed the place up and looks very cool.Restaurant week 2013:For $40 each plus $15 for wine pairings, it was  a three course lovely meal. I liked that they didn't include dessert and you got three other courses.1) Ravioles de Royans vs. Torchon of Foie Gras- winner the F/G2) Frogs legs vs. Alsation Onion Tart- winner= Frogs Legs. 3) Pork Knuckle with Sherry Sauce vs. Bistrot Tenders with Carmelized onions and  Au Poivre Sauce. Winner- Tied.The entrees were the best part of the meal. We were surprised at the portions. I always think of French dining  as being rather miniscule. We thought the wine pairing was spot on and a delightful aspect of the experience. I'm tempted to go back and try the salad with goat cheese and the Coq Au Vin......This is a bit far afield for us to go but we may find reasons to slip in now and then.  Thanks for a memorable meal. We will definitely return next restaurant week!
4	I've lived in this city a long time.I've heard great things about Christopher's for as many years as I can remember - and even better things about the happy hour.I never made in until this week for Restaurant Week. Shame on me for waiting so damn long!My dining partner and I decided to share each course so we could sample more of the offerings, and we both opted for the wine pairings for each course.First up was a bowl with goat cheese filled mini ravioli with herbs and truffle in the light and lovely sauce, and the mixed greens with goat cheese in parmesan crust.Both were a great way to start the meal  - but the winner of the two was the salad.Second course we shared frog legs and an onion tart with bacon. It was my first experience with munching one of Kermit's kickers - I thought it was tasty, but my companion felt it was a bit under seasoned. The onion tart was PERFECT. (Hands down winner of the course - we each lamented sharing it, wishing we had each ordered our own.)Third course was sole sauteed with lobster sauce and coq au vin. The chicken was perfectly cooked - still super moist and juicy, and the flavor was solid. The sole, however, was heavenly! Absolute perfection on a plate. Rich, but still light filet of sole, the lobster sauce was almost a bisque. Served with cauliflower, this is definitely a dish to return for!We shared a great chocolatey dessert - with killer chocolate sorbet! (the sorbet was better than the layer cake) - and a great little plus was being presented with a restaurant week celebratory baguette after we'd paid.I will definitely be back - it's so good, and so close to home...Christopher's, you are now on my regular rotation!
1	Food was not good.  App and Entree
5	The scallops were the perfect dish for my pregnant wife.  We had a delightful night out that didn't break the bank.  Do a search for coupons and deals online before your visit.  The service was fabulous and very helpful.
5	Sometimes I like to treat myself to a classy lunch...ALONE.  This is my favorite place to do so!! $20 lunch special gets three courses; I had the red pepper soup, grilled veggie sandwich and the chocolate tower. Once again, I'm thrilled by the top notch service, impeccable food, and wonderful atmosphere. I'm writing this review as I sit at the kitchen bar, watching chefs and sous chefs bustle around...it's like Christmas. I also like hearing the communication around the kitchen. These guys are making sure the duck salad is plated last so everyone's lunches are fresh and quality. There's something to be said for professionalism and passion, and these chefs demonstrate both. Do yourself a favor and come eat here. Happy hour is the best around and you won't be disappointed. Promise.
3	Came here with my boyfriend because we wanted to have a nice & romantic date night. This place definitely has a romantic & fancy vibe to it so expect a pricey dinner. We ordered the calamari & escargot for appetizers & both were very yummy. Then shared the lobster pie & side of ham Mac & cheese. Lobster pie was good but was small & more like a lobster biscuit to me. Came with a whole piece of lobster sandwiched between 2 thin flaky biscuits with a typical pot pie cream sauce with peas & carrots. Mac & cheese was pretty good & it had a smoky taste to it cuz of the ham but I wouldn't say it's the best Mac & cheese I've ever had.
5	Exceptional restaurant. Good vibe, delectable food, and ultra personal/friendly staff. Christopher's feels life changing, every time.
5	Artfully crafted and Fantastic Presentation!  You can always count on a great experience here!!
3	We liked Crush Lounge better than Christopher's. I guess that means we liked the smaller plates and appetizers better than the entrees. And it's a little pricey if you just kind of like the food. Probably not going to return.
5	This place is a hit! Our very first time since reading phoenix magazines high reviews. Fantastic food experience . The pepper ribeye was perfectly cooked and spiced up perfectly. The lamb was as good as it gets. The cocktails were mixed by a pro and were as good as I have had . The risotto and seasonal veggies are the money shot. This place is a true culinary experience.
5	As a HUGE Broncos fan, I gotta say I was pumped to see the huge orange Crush sign out front of Christopher's Restaurant/Crush Lounge. Definitely got my attention right away! We stopped in for drinks and nibbles and everything was amazing! Brent behind the bar served us up some stiff and extra-dirty martinis and we also ordered the Merguez Sausage with Cous Cous (rustic and spicy!), the Tempura Calamari (thick and flavorful!), and the Terrine of Hudson Valley ABC Foie Gras & Pedro Ximenez Reduction (out of this world!). It was the perfect stop to make before a night out on the town!
5	My go-to restaurant. Beautiful space and delicious food every time. I've been for lunch, happy hour and dinner and it doesn't disappoint. From wood-oven pizza or a hamburger, to duck confit or lobster pot pie, I love the menu and the extensive wine list that goes with it.
5	I finally had the opportunity to go here a few weeks ago and I was definitely impressed.Its a French place for those who don't know (I didn't)I had a warm beet soup to start that, believe it or not, was just wonderful. Velvety smooth texture... so nice. Mellow fresh beet flavor...Main course was the lamb that was suggested by the waiter. Not much to say other than it couldn't have been prepared more perfectly. Great cut of quality meat. Outstanding job.Service was impeccable and the ladies loved their lobster salads by the way. Yummmmy.I'll be back again without a doubt.
5	Omg this place was amazing. I'm in the car on my way home now writing this review. My boyfriend and I did the restaurant week menu. For an appetizer we had the foie gras and the scallop mousse. We both liked the ones we picked better. For dinner he had the pork knuckles and I had the coq au vin. We both LOVED his pork knuckles. For dessert I had an amazing cake (don't remember the name). It tasted like a mix of Ferrero Roche and tiramisu. He had an amazing chocolate mouse tower. That was amazing as well.Non food related things that impressed me: I loved the lounge and the bartender had only worked there 3 weeks and was very hospitable. Also love the bathrooms! There's a dripping waterfall under the bathroom mirror to wash your hands. Also the kitchen is completely open! I can appreciate a restaurant that has nothing to hide! They also have us a baguette to take home with us. I have no complaints for this place! Loved every minute of being here!
5	There are no words that can describe the perfection of food/service/ambiance. Restaurant is perfectly set up. Our server, Remone, was so knowledgeable about wine and food, even helped with pairing the two together. Every bite was delightful. So say the least about our date night....perfect.
5	It was the last day of Restaurant Week so I tried their special menu. The items on Christopher's Restaurant Week menu are not on their regular menu. Fabulous for someone like myself who enjoys trying something new all the time. I had mousse of scallops, braised pork knuckle with lentils, and gateau Marjolaine with wine pairings. The wine pours seemed a little skimpy at first, but by the time I had the Madeira I was doing just fine. The food-wine paring was wonderful and the service was excellent.
5	ALWAYS my favorite....and try Sunday brunch.  The best bargain in town!
5	**Original review from 5/3/2011. Updating new profile.**I cannot complain about the pricey menu because knowing it is in the Biltmore area, I would expect to pay these prices.The wait/host staff were friendly. There were four of us there for two birthdays. I loved the modern look of the restaurant and was very happy with the service throughout the night. The duck frittes were ordered and enjoyed immensely! Being the only person at the table who liked spicy foods, I ordered the harissa couscous and was expecting a hot dish, but it was served cold. it's not specified on the menu how it's served, but I loved it anyways. It's Israeli couscous, so they are the bigger ones and the harissa was just spicy enough for it. I've had hotter harissa though. Would love to try it hot instead of cold though.I ordered the lobster pot pie for my entree. Had I been at home, I would have secretly licked the plate. It was delicious! Generous chunks of lobster and the sauce was to die for.My friends ordered, and I'm not kidding all three of them ordered the same thing, the scallops with lobster sauce. It's not on the menu like that, but they asked for the substitution of the lobster sauce. The waiter gave us no qualms over it and when it was served it was perfect. The scallops melted in your mouth. I can't wait to go back just to try the full plate instead of the bite I had to beg my friend for!The desserts were amazing and even though they look small, they are perfectly portioned for a full belly..... Can't wait to bring my mother here and spoil her.
3	I went to Christopher's for my birthday last night and left disappointed. I wouldn't have minded the stratospheric prices if the food had been outstanding but it was not. The rack of lamb was good but not $40 good, and same with the duck. The truffle fries were superb and the calamari was good but not great. At these prices everything should be great.  Interestingly we were the sole patrons - the restaurant was empty the two hours we were there. Owner-chef Christopher was walking around the open kitchen but never came by to ask if we were enjoying the meal. The service otherwise was excellent. But with so many great restaurants in the area like Tarbell's I don't see why anyone would go to Christopher's and pay through the nose for a less than stellar meal.
5	Christopher's restaurant is easily my favorite place to eat. I visit regularly during their Happy Hour and every time the service is amazing, the chefs are friendly, and the experience as a whole is remarkable. I can't say enough good things about this place. I would recommend the burger and combo fries or the croque monsieur, both are less than 10 bucks during happy hour. The burger blows the pants off any other burger at the Biltmore, and since Christopher's is a French restaurant, the croque is to die for. Every one of the staff members is extremely friendly and accommodating, I love this place.
2	While the price was expected, the less than mediocre food was not.  The lobster soup was perfection, but that is where perfection ends.  Two in our party of four ordered the daily pork special (pre-printed on the menu).  One dish was so tough and chewy their thought was to take it home and recook.  The other had fine texture, but lacked in flavor.  My tenderloin was average (hard to mess this one up), but had no truffle flavor even though it was supposedly infused with truffles. The tenderloin was served with over cooked fingerling carrots.  The presentations were all very nice, but lacked in taste and/or texture quality. Other dishes ordered included a cheese plate with fruit (the fruit consisted of a 5 each raspberries and blackberries and 2 strawberries and the honeycomb (while good) was less than a tsp in size), the cheese brought to the table was either not what was ordered or it was moldy (the flavors were terrible and I am familiar with both of the cheeses chosen), calamari (this had a light batter and was not chewy) but was average, roasted bell pepper soup (this was ripe with an over abundance of truffle oil) and the mousse tower for dessert was definitely great in presentation, but was just a pretty chocolate mousse.  The bread they brought to the table was day old, but was okay when dunked in the soup. They gave us each a loaf of bread to take home.  I am thinking they did so because there were only 2 tables of diners, ours (party of 4) and one other (party of 2).  The service was spot on and staff were very nice.  However, we will not return.   We left and went to the gelato shop and when we walked back by they were closed for the night already.  It is my opinion, Christopher should either be on site to ensure quality or close shop to save his reputation.
1	Horrible horrible service! This has been the third time here at restaurant and just very disappointed. The waiter was just bad!
1	Maybe the food is good but the bald guy at the front door, that apparently was the manager, was unnecessarily rude. Not only to is, but to 3 ladies that walked in behind us. We walked into the kitchen bar that was empty. My friend set his shopping bags on a stool next to him and was immediately told that he needed to move them because there are people that wanted to sit there. Where??? We were the only people there!!! The ladies that came in behind us looked at the menu and said they would be back in 15-20 minutes. One lady says to the other that she would like to walk inside. The bald guy smarts off that they should not make that request in an outdoor mall. Then, turned to me and says "well! It is!!"what an idiot. Macys is inside. We left...
1	Unfortunately I did not get a chance as an out of town guest to even try the food.  Was greeted at door by a bald gentleman who I found out later was the supposed manager or duty and who treated us horribly.  He was very condescending, rude and went out of his way to make me and my friends feel unwanted in this establishment.  It saddens me that he is the manager and took money from his employees pockets as we left and found a better place that was more than happy to serve us.  If you don't like your job sir find a new one.  You should easily loose your job for the way you made me and my friends and even other patrons that came in behind us feel.
4	We did the worst thing you can ever do to a waiter.  Ever.We showed up 30 minutes before happy hour and some of our group, who shall remain nameless, wanted to wait until happy hour started before anything was ordered.  At first the waiter was visibly upset by this but he soon warmed up to us and never for a moment gave us anything by amazing service.  Perhaps because it was his birthday he was in such a good mood he decided to cut us some underserved slack.I enjoyed a bottle of wine with friends which is something I don't usually enjoy.  I shared some olives and a pizza as well. The pizza was amazing but honestly the olives stole the show.  They are warm and for $5 you get so many it's easily a meal.  I will almost almost assuredly go back for, if nothing else, those olives.
4	I really want to give Christopher's five stars because I have always had delicious food there, love the atmosphere's blend of fine dining and a hipper, more urban feel, and have nothing but high praise for their drinks, wine list, and the servers' and bartenders' aptitude to make wine pairing suggestions.  But there is just something a little off with the service here, which makes me hold back on that final star.  Don't get me wrong, I have never had anything but good service here, but it just doesn't hold up to the level that you'd expect from a restaurant that, at least by menu and price, purports to be a higher level establishment.  I've found my servers to be friendly and provide adequate and timely service consistently, but more often than not, they're also a bit too familiar, too casual, too disinterested, and bordering on, if not well into the realm of, flippant.  If I was dining at Oregano's, the Vig, or a Sam Fox restaurant, this might not seem odd to me.  But at Christopher's, with its white napkins and tablecloths, proper place settings, and elegant French menu, it just mars my experience a bit.That being said, Christopher's and Crush Lounge are always one of my favorite spots for a long, indulgent lunch, a delicious French dinner, or a few bites at the bar.  They have a solid burger and fries (truffled fries are also on the menu!), a lovely cheese selection, delicious mussels served with slices of Spanish chorizo, well-prepared fois gras, and an unmissable tender and rich pig's foot (try it, you'll like it!).  They do a reasonably priced and never-disappointing 6-course tasting menu ($75) with wine pairings ($25).  Their drinks are fantastic and I always find a wine I love while dining there.  I'd steer clear of the escargot en croute - it's baked with a layer of puff pastry rather than served with crusty bread and the addition of tomatoes, to me, just detracts from the richness of the garlic butter I love to sop up after each little snail has been devoured.  But, truly, it's difficult to go wrong with anything on Christopher's/Crush Lounge's menu.
5	There are many restaurants in the city attempting to accomplish what Christopher's and Crush Lounge does, but it's clear why they're not really in the same league. Every dish was superb, service was impeccable, lots of small bites provided free of charge from the kitchen, perfect wine recommendation... reputation here is well-deserved. don't settle for the imitators.
4	Come here for happy hour. That is all.Ok, that isn't all... come on. The husband and I came here for happy hour and it was lovely! We sat at the kitchen bar and got to watch them cooking all of the food, which was neat. (we also got to see the chef use a laser pointer to call his waiters... heh). They start you with delicious house made bread and butter... so good. For happy hour we had the cheeseburger with cheddar and bacon (7$) and the goat cheese and garlic pizza (7$ ish), a glass of wine (4.5$) and a beer (4$ ish). The burger looked great, but tasted just ok.... it wasn't anything terribly special. The pizza was delicious! It had a ton of goat cheese on it, big chunks of tomato, and perfectly roasted garlic... the pizza was a real winner. I would come back for the pizza for sure. If you are looking for a good happy hour, stop looking and check this place out. PS they have a cute tapas menu now that seemed really nice, I would like to try this sometime too.
2	We went to Christopher's anticipating an excellent dining experience. We were sorely disappointed. We had reservations for four, and arrived promptly at 6:30. We were seated and immediately greeted by our waiter. He appeared to have a fun sense of humor, and we settled in thinking it was going to be a great night. Water and bread arrived along with a wine list. We asked for a cocktail menu, and sat there for over fifteen minutes before our waiter came back to check on us. During this time we debated going elsewhere, and even called to see if there was a wait at a nearby restaurant. He apologized for not brining us the menu, and grabbed one promptly. We ordered our meals, and again had to wait for our drinks. Our first course arrived long before our drinks. The onion soup was my favorite part of the meal. We all ordered steak, and when they were delivered my boyfriend and his friend had to switch plates (they were mixed up). The rest of the meal was uneventful, but we were all disappointed. There was another couple sitting in a booth next to us, and the manager spent a long time speaking with them. He never made a stop at our table to inquire about out satisfaction. All in all it was a disappointing dining experience, and we will not be dining at this establishment again.
2	2 stars.... I would have rated it higher, but as always... service either makes it or breaks it.It was restaurant week in Arizona so my friends and I decided to try something new. First stop for the restaurant weekend was Christopher's and Crush Lounge.Chic, elegant, and upscale were my first thoughts when I walked in. The tables were romantically lit (my other way of saying that it needs a little more light).We were given bread while we decided what to order and everything was going well.. so far...Then came Jose, our server. Since we are not usually offered a menu with the words Merguez, Boudin Noir de Schrieners, Vennoise and Gateau Marjolaine we decided to ask for recommendations. Our dear server simply said "all of them". Great! Now that helped a lot. We did ask for more details and even asked what each entree was. Jose did explain. It was chicken, steak, sausage and chocolate. Hmmm... very appetizing. After we rolled the dice on what we would get from the menu, Jose cleaned up the extra table and extra plate beside my seat. He then rolled a piece of bread sitting on the extra table to my plate. He then smiled and said "woohoo, extra!". Again, WOW for an elegant and chic restaurant.The service was way below my expectation. Since my table is paying $300 for our meal, we at least deserve some good service. Not great, just good. Just the right type of dinner table service. Oh the food... it was original. It had so much flavor. Plating was pretty. Steak was great! Much as I want to talk about the good food and the FABULOUS dessert, I think I'm already at my word count quota while reviewing the BAD service. SAD! =(more reviews on http://themealexperience.blogspot.com/
5	Really great experience!  We were able to get a reservation the day of and chose to do the Restaurant Week menu.  The food was delicious and Christopher himself came by several times to check on us.  The cocktails were well balanced and although we didn't go to Crush Lounge, I'd definitely like to go there for drinks sometimes.  Definitely a must-do again!
5	Excellent food!
5	Just my all around favorite restaurant in town. Doesn't matter what I have, I instantly feel relaxed and excited just walking in the door. I wish I lived closer.
5	what a fantastic dinner we had last sunday every dishes was marvellous and so well presented in the platewe were 8 french people and really had a great timethe service was also excellentthank you
4	I travel often and dine out every meal. I felt obligated to share an experience I had in Phoenix a couple of weeks ago.I had a good day of business and wanted to treat myself. I searched for a French restaurant near and was given Christopher's as the nearest. I read the menu on line and decided to go but almost didn't go in after seeing the dirty windows and messy outside dining area. But I thought it was like that because of all the recent rains, so I went on inside.Upon entering a dark haired gentleman at the host booth almost made me walk right back out. I was only one person and he seemed agitated about having to figure out where to seat me. He wasn't the host, but later I was able to deduce that he was a waiter with some authority. He was rude, hurried, messy looking and simply not friendly. He sat me near the front and said my waiter would be right here. He then walked over to another man, pointed at me, and walked around the restaurant in his hurried messy way.My waiter walked over and introduced himself as Johnny and asked if I preferred bottled water. This waiter is the only reason I stayed to eat. He was well mannered, efficient. I asked a lot of questions about the menu and he answered them all effectively. He smiled a lot and was attentive to me, a single guy in this restaurant. I often have waiters ignore me because I'm alone but this gentleman was obviously a polished, experienced, professional waiter.I asked about several items and decided on blood sausage for my first course and duck 2 ways second course. Johnny clarified with me on my order because I ordered 2 entrees. I thought that was amazing because most waiters would be thrilled with a bigger ticket. He did a perfect job all night in spite of being interrupted by the dark haired waiter. When I asked he suggested "an old world wine that would pair well with both dishes" and he was right again.When the food arrived it was just like he said it was. Blood sausage circles is the easiest way to describe it. And the duck 2 ways was wonderful as well. After settling in to eat and bread delivered and the waiter calming me down I did notice a well run kitchen and nice fine dining set up on tables.I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who enjoys wonderfully made French food. I would also suggest you ask for Johnny as your waiter. When I visit again in a couple weeks that is what I'm going to do.
5	We previously ate at Christopher's during restaurant week, and our experience was not a good one. Immediately after my review I received a message from Christopher, and he took my feedback to heart. I was shocked to receive a message so quickly, and I could immediately tell how much he cared. He invited us back, and we agreed to give the restaurant another try. Wow is all I can say. From the moment we walked in until the moment we left, we had an exceptional experience. Our waiter, Greg, was phenomenal. He provided expertise, genuine care, and was attentive to our every need. He made excellent recommendations, and our meals were absolutely perfect. Everything, from our fabulous cocktails, to our salads, and our mouthwatering steaks, was incredible. Ben, the manager, checked in with us periodically to ensure our expectations were met. We had a wonderful evening, and will definitely be back. I am so impressed with Christopher and his team, and can honestly see why he is so incredibly successful.
5	My husband and I went to Christopher's last night with some friends and had a spectacular evening!! The service and food was outstanding!! I had the red bell pepper soup, infused filet and au gratin potatoes....and the French pear martini....So delicious. The GM stopped by our table to check on us which is always a nice touch. I would highly recommend this restaurant - it is a gem!!!!! Thank you!!!!
5	Happy hour here is fabulous- excellent food and beverages and the prices are extremely reasonable. The owner is personable and goes out of his way to ensure that each guest leaves smiling.
4	Christopher's is a truly excellent food experience at a price consistent with the chain restaurants that dominate the locale. Using the best ingredients for the season, the Chef always makes a great pairing and provides a sophisticated staff that can suggest excellent advice for your particular taste. From the burger to the foie (never pass on the eco friendly and ocean fresh diver scallops when available), Christoper's is in a class of its own in Phoenix and should not be missed by any true foody. Unpretentious and friendly, it's a great place to learn about food- sit at the bar and talk directly with the Chef for a custom experience. And, they are very family friendly too (we go with our 9-yr old). World class food right here in Phoenix- imagine that!
5	Service at the Crush bar was slow.  Dinner at Christopher's was excellent. Food was very good and the service was as expected for this caliber of restaurant. Great place!
5	Excellent French restaurant
5	Christopher and his A Team delivered 5 stars on New Years Eve!!  We chose the tasting menu to start the new year right!! Gary had the sweetbreads-- soft, tender and juicy with an amazing sauce-I had the smoked salmon with creme fraiche and a chive panne cotta topped with cavier...,amazing!!Second course-/ Gary had the lobster I rave about!I went outside of my normal box and got the chestnut soup with Fois Gras!!!  Wow!!the combination of taste and texture was something I will dream about!  Main courses were amazing as well! By this time we are stuffed!!! Did I mention the portions are extremely generous????? It was an amazing evening-- Happy New Year to all!!
