4	Okay, I haven't been here on a non-Saturday night, but the several times I've gone it's been a very good time.  Live music on those nights, and I've always seen an 80's cover band called Rock Lobster, who are fantastic.  The bartenders are great, and the drinks are good.  It has gotten pretty packed the nights we've gone, but if you get there a little early, you should have not trouble getting a seat.
3	Martini Ranch - kind of a yawn.  Just went for the first time this past weekend.  The crowd and the place weren't what I thought.  I was a bit disappointed, maybe I had higher hopes with the cover charge and the line outside.  We left about midnight - so who knows maybe it got more fun later on.  I'm sure its still a fun place to gather with friends and have a good time - whether you want to chill on the patio, listen to the live band, or dance in a loungey place upstairs. The variety is a bonus...In any event I can now get Devils Martini and Martini Ranch straight now.  I'll go back someday, but I'm not in a big rush.
4	What I like about Martini Ranch is that when you get inside (if you get inside), you have some options. You can watch live music, shoot pool, sit outside, and dance in a club setting without leaving the premises. It is divided into two separate buildings with an outdoor bar in between, so there is plenty of room to wander around until you find a comfortable spot. It gets a little tricky to get inside on many an evening when the lines stretch around the corner, but if you make it, you'll probably want to stay.
3	of all the scottsdale clubs, this is probably the most tolerable...mostly because it's so big you can easily escape the crowd.parking is horrid in this area! w went down there for the night before thanksgiving and i think everyone else in the entire East Valley had the same idea, it took literally 20 minutes of driving around to find a spot.the cover is typically $5 on the weekend, not bad. live music is usually a cover band. there are several bars inside and out, with the busiest one being upstairs in the dance club area. the dj does top 40s usually. there is a pretty large patio area on bottom floor and on the second floor outside the dance room, so if it gets to hot or too annoying, those are the good places to chill out.
4	When I think of Martini Ranch, the word Metalhead comes to mind. This is the place to be on Sundays when the 80s hair metal tribute bands take the stage every week for three sets of music. You'll hear covers from Bon Jovi, Poison, Motley Crue and Guns 'N Roses. The bar is always packed on Sundays and the crowd is a fun one. Martini Ranch also features live bands, usually cover bands, but the occasional touring one comes through along with DJs upstairs in the Shaker Room and inexpensive drinks.
3	At first look this place seemed a bit ritzy and overpriced.  However, there ended up being an awesome alternative-folk band on stage.  The beer garden is also very large and cozy.   I cannot judge on the upstairs/back dance floor as it was not open when I was there.  But, overall waitresses were good, drinks were good and I had a good time.
4	There are a couple of things I really liked about this place.  The first is the measley $5 cover charge.  I've read a couple of negatives about this, but compared to L.A./Vegas, $5 is NOTHING!  I also like the triple vibe the place has (bar with live band/outdoor bar lounge/club).  I went on a Friday, so the Shaker Room upstairs had a Ladies special.  All vodka mixed drinks were $3 - a real full-sized glass of cranberry/vodka!  The bartender hooked it up with the Grey Goose.  And really... when the DJ mixes a little NKOTB's "The Right Stuff" with current Top 40/Hip-Hop, can life be any more grand?  The crowd was definitely a different mix than I'm used to, but it was all good, especially because it wasn't pretentious and I didn't feel like I was in a meat market.  The girls didn't even seem catty!  The location was superb, as it was a stone's throw away from my hotel.
3	Decent place... Best on Sunday nights for Metalhead. It's fun to scream your head off to hair bands once in awhile. I hear the 80's tribute band on Saturdays is pretty good too... just haven't gotten around to seeing them yet.This place is pretty big, several different rooms and a large outdoor patio.UPDATE - Went to a birthday party here recently and tried the dance club in the back upstairs - Lots of cool peeps, good drinks and good times... May09'
4	This place is so unique to me.  You see, in San Francisco, I haven't been to one club that has a hair band.  The group (Metalhead?) is seriously awesome and I love watching everyone rock out.-1* for charging a cover to get in.  I don't pay cover charges (thank you friends for paying for me).  The drinks are cool, strong and the bartenders keep 'em flowing.  I think, bottom line, that's what most of us alcoholics want.  I'd think the bar would make more than enough  extra money without a cover charge, but that's just me.Another one of those places that I have to visit every time I'm in Scottsdale.  I'll be back, Martini Ranch!
2	If there is a chance at you catching a show here, then you should really jump at the chance due to the intimacy of the venue and their ability to score the occasional mid-level act.  I've seen several acts here, including Phoenix and Bob Schneider and although crowded, it was awesome due to stage proximity.  I cannot imagine another reason to visit this place other than to see a show, cos things like 'cover' and 'curtained booths' and 'mashup djs' should be enough to turn you right around.Also, I find something sinister and disturbing about 'chain nightclubs'.
4	This is a fun place with something for everyone. They have a decent selection of beer, wine and drinks. The main building consists of a bar with an adjacent stage and dance floor and some seating areas. You can venture outside to a nice patio area with table's chairs, an upstairs deck and a bar. Beyond that is a low-lit loungy bar area for those who want to hooch it out.
3	This place is an effing Scottsdale poop-stain that charges a cover and makes people wait in line even when they're only at 25% capacity.We went in. Experienced the retardedness of Martini Ranch for 5 minutes. Left. Except for the time we stayed and had a great time. Caveat-- when I'm completely sh!t-faced and with friends, I can have a great time just about anywhere.Save your time.Save your money.Go somewhere else.
4	The name of the place is a bit of a misnomer, don't go if you are looking for a good martini.However, probably my favorite downtown Scottsdale club. Large open areas, decent bands on stage, and a club dance floor. Girls are quality but somewhat atypical of the Scottsdale fake standard.
2	I've been here once and had a pretty good time in the Shaker Room. But it was disgusting and hot in there. SO not worth paying any sort of cover... ever
3	Have you ever had a caricature drawn of you and a buddy? Did you worry that your enormous nose would be distorted to eight times its normal yet already abundant size? So while your female friend is cute, which you know the lecherous caricature artist will exaggerate, you're going to end up looking like a combination of John Cusack and Adrien Brody.  No? Me either. But Martini Ranch should be worried. If caricatured, this little "I'm everything to everybody" bar/club would have a pretty embarrassing picture to put on the wall at home when they get back from Disneyland. But it's fun. Fuck. I go and I have a good time. Who can argue with that? They have to fire that door guy. You know the one. The one when you have an event scheduled there and he sees eighty people in a new separate line getting off the bus and he wasn't told about it and won't let you in and won't be bothered to get the manager who happens to know about the event.  The same guy who wouldn't let me in the other night because he wouldn't check the list so I had to get my friend to come out and have him check the list. Same freakin' guy. What is his deal? How seriously does he take this life? IT'S MARTINI RANCH!But Metalhead is rad. The place is packed on a Sunday night. Love it. There's always a fight in the upstairs club. Set your watch by it. The patio is a beautiful reprieve, like the end of an unknown warm up act at a concert. Drink prices are reasonable. A funny thing happened on the way to the Coliseum, too... I was out with two of my hockey buddies one time at MR and 1) a woman gasped and called me a d-bag in earnest after I said something about her friend 2) some other chicks totally alloted their drunken attention to my friend and not me... Mind boggling. So they lose one star for the door guy and one for allowing women to enter who don't immediately gravitate towards me.
3	As a house band, Metalhead puts up a great show... The upstairs patio is surprisingly comfortable.  The only truly rough thing about this place- good luck trying to quickly slip in & out of the bathroom.  They could stand at least one more pair of facilities...
4	Went there on a Saturday night,  the line outside made me want to leave, but it moved quickly. This place is pretty cool, but I can see how it wouldn't be for everyone. There was an 80's band playing downstairs that was pretty good, but no one seemed to be dancing, weird. The upstairs had a small dance club and the DJ was pretty good. The outside area was relatively quiet and a good place to talk.
2	I would say that this is an unpretentious nightclub that takes all comers. However, this means that it is full of farily homely and unstylish people. Good, fun bar if you're an average schleb, but if you're a societal elite don't expect to find an equal.
4	Like most reviews listed below it has it good and bad. But overall it is its own style and it holds its own.Best place by far to see bands. Top lighting and sound. I played there in July and it was awesome. Robert the lighting guy kicks ass.Sundays are great to see metal head. Robert Mason is one of the best singers on the west coast period!Like every club it has its different days with different types of people from all over the valley. Sundays are a pretty safe bet.
4	HAHA I was wasted so I don't remember much from this place. But what I do remember is...No cover.Stripper poles (aka STD poles) on the sweaty dance floor. Roughly $8 or $9 a shot....and that's about it. I had fun.
4	The four star rating perfectly describes how I feel about Martini Ranch - I'm a fan.  I love the diversity in this place.  Though I'm not very fond of the Shaker Room, I love the fact that they are one of the few places in old town that continue to promote live rock, and somehow I always end up leaving in a blacked-out state.  In fact, I've left my debit card behind the bar twice; having to walk-of-shameingly grab it the next day during daylight.  The service is pretty good even when the bar is packed, and the upstairs patio is an excellent place for me to accidentally smoke against my will.  This is a great place to take midwestern out of towners - with the wide open areas and the mixture of moods.
5	I can only review Martini Ranch on Sunday nights, because that is seriously the only night I have ever gone, but it is the freakin shit on Sunday nights.  Reasonably priced drinks, great setup with a bunch of different rooms and plenty of outdoor space for the smokers.But what makes it so great that it's getting the elusive 5 stars from me you ask?  That's easy, a little known local bad that goes by the name of METALHEAD!!!Metalhead is a hard rocking ass-kicking hairband that takes dedication and commitment to an entirely new level.  I don't even like calling them a cover band because I don't think it does them justice.  Sure, they sing Guns n Roses and Aerosmith with the best of them, but they do it in tight leather pants, leopard print muscle shirts, wearing wigs reminiscent of those bands glory days.  And they never break character.  Not one single time during their 3 set show.  it is freaking awesome.Do yourself a favor, go there on a Sunday, quit being a cheap ass and pay the $5 cover to get in, as you will get far more than that back in entertainment, and watch what happens to you.  I don't care who you are.  You will literally lose control over your more demure sensabilities, your inhibitions will go flying out the window, and you will be fist pumping, dancing around, and singing at the top of your lungs in front of the stage along with the band and the rest of the bar for that matter, and you will love it.And then you will thank me ;)
4	I've only been to Martini Ranch on Sunday nights for METALHEAD!Small cover charge, but you'll have a blast rocking out to the band. I was really drunk one time and using a speaker on the stage to help me with my balance and almost took it down with me.  :pAhh....good times.They have a large patio area and also a dance club upstairs on the other side of the patio.
3	So....if you are going to Scottsdale to party you should expect the doucheyness, right? Right. That said I am a fan of Martini Ranch.  I usually only go on Sunday's for Metalhead because it's hilarious and super fun.  Other than that I wouldn't really go here because drinks are expensive and there is a cover. But thats Scottsdale.
3	Martini Ranch is that girl who tries to look chic and a little messy like one of the Olson twins, but doesn't quite pull it off and ends up looking disheveled and a little manic. The place just seems a little out of place in Scottsdale's glitzy and glamorous nightclub scene. Their only redeeming quality is their live music shows. There aren't too many bars/clubs that offer a venue for up in coming artists -- especially not any as big as Martini Ranch. In all honesty, I'm not much of a club girl -- or a Scottsdale girl for that matter-- but Martini Ranch isn't that great outside of their live music offerings. I checked-out their "Shaker Room." It was sad. It was a little pathetic with weird stripper poles. And it played really bad dance music. They've got plenty of drink offerings, but they are somewhat pricey. I paid $9 for a rum & Coke and that seemed a little outrageous to me (although , it could be that I am just a cheap-ass) Despite Martini Ranch's awkwardness, it isn't a horrible place to hang and enjoy some entertainment. There is quite a mix of people that pass through the place, which is kind of a nice departure from the young, silicon fakeness often seen on the streets of downtown Scottsdale.In the end, though, if some of my favorite bands return, I am pretty sure I'll be making a trip back to the Ranch. The next time I may just stick to their $3 Bud Lights... or perhaps be a little less stingy and splurge on a Martini.
3	Less Douchy Than Expected.I went last night with a group of friends and was pleasantly surprised at the mix at Martini Ranch. I actually met some really nice people to hang out with (there were a lot of bachelorette parties there) and spent the evening in the club room upstairs with the go-go poles in it (note about the poles - they're on a platform and short so it's hard to do some of the pole tricks on them). The DJ had some great dance music playing and everyone was dancing and having a great time without the pretentiousness you might find in other Scottsdale clubs.MR is good for a girls night out or a place to hang out with a group of friends.Beer's were cheap - $3.50 for a bottle there was plenty of space on the patio so you don't have to be pushed against some creepy guy the whole evening.
4	This place was WAAAAAY more fun than I even anticipated. I came into town for the Gavin DeGraw concert and with all the pics I thought this was going to be one of those Faux-cialite clubs where all the girls try to dress like they're rollin' in it and all the guys are wearing Audigier t's but it was a really really fun place. The show was great, drinks were good and the Metal cover band which we luckily ended up sticking around for .. was GREAT! Man did it bring back some great memories .. thoroughly enjoyable.Loved the small size of the venue, sound was good, bartenders were nice and attentive. I'd go back for sure !
3	As another review mentioned, less douchy than I was expecting. Of course, this could be that I was going to see a band (dredg) that's much more likely to attract the all black brigade than the typical old town tight jeans, six-pack, frosted  tipped, herpes infected Scottsdale club crew. Does anyone else long for the time when frosted tips on a guy meant he was gay?Anyway... The drinks were reasonably priced, though the bartender could have served with a bit less attitude. The acoustics were also better than I was expecting, given the layout. In all, not a terrible place to see a show. Not being a club/bar dude. I cant speak to how the place would be for that scene.
4	I went on a Sunday with the boys to jam out to Metalhead. Great band, great location - the best thing was the crowd. From people in Chucks and jeans/tees, to dresses and heels! Diverse crowd, everyone was really great and just having a good time, Metalhead dancer's are hot as HELL and shocked me with the lack of douchey-ness that you expect in So.Dale. Definitely will be hitting up Martini Ranch again!
4	I have been to Martini Ranch one time.  During my visit I had a blast at an epic party.  The place is huge with many different areas inside and outside to hang and multiple bars to get your libation on.I'm frankly not sure how different the mood would be here if it were a different crowd.I plan on going back another time and checking it out.  Overall seems like a pretty hip club!
4	Martini Ranch offers great variety, live band, DJ and outdoor patio space in the center of Scottsdale's nightclubs. Thursday's and Saturday's are great nights to visit. Arrive early and avoid the cover charge. This is one place in Scottsdale casual dress is acceptable.
4	Martini Ranch is the only club in Scottsdale I don't hate. This review is really a 3.5 and I will round up this time... just remind me to round down on my next review to even things out. They would be a full fledged 4 stars if my vodka red bull did not cost NINE DOLLARS. I can easily buy an extra large red bull and a small bottle of Gordon's for that price. sheesh.The other lost star is for the extreme doosh bags that seem to always be lurking around. However... They have an awesome sound system and sound check guy that puts on really good shows (I have seen three concerts), host awesome parties (Yelp Rocks!) and they have METALHEAD on Sunday Nights!!!The place is huge with multiple bars and levels including an outdoor area that I think makes a huge difference. I hate clubs where everyone is packed into one square room.Finally, they make the chicks wear little skimpy outfits. Who can complain about that?? Not me!See ya at the Martini next time my friends force me into Scottsdale!
4	This review is only for the club room upstairs as I haven't been to any other areas of the club. The main reason I went here - they have 2 poles you can dance on! They're only 3/4 height poles so they aren't the most stable, but for doing basic pole tricks and bends it'll work! Both poles are elevated on platforms so you can shake your thang for everyone to see.
4	I wish they would line up some more bands that I'm interested in, because this place was a lot of fun.  The only time I've been so far was to see the Eagles of Death Metal show, which was a blast.  Sound was good, drink prices weren't bad.  I wasn't sure what to expect because Scottsdale isn't really my thing.  This is one place I would go back to often if they got some more bands I'm into.
4	I have to agree with another Yelper that this is one of the only clubs I like in Scottsdale. Ended up here randomly one night while a few friends and I were in the area and low and behold. LIVE MUSIC!!!!! You can't get much better than live music. Drinks are a little overpriced and I've seen the cover occasionally be rather high, which is typical of Scottsdale, but still not fun for me. The dance floor is fairly decent sized and people actually dance. I've seen Saturday nights get a little packed but there still seems to be plenty of room to see the band and dance. There are other areas separated from the stage and dance floor if you just want to relax. I highly recommend the outside patio for that, which is wonderful! The crowd isn't so bad either. It's actually pretty tolerable. Way to go Martini Ranch!
4	I don't live in AZ, but have been here quite often and stopped in at the Martini Ranch a few times. It has a nice bar/lounge kind of feel and the patio is well set up. The crowd is 25-35 with a nice blend of tourists and locals. So overall, it's a pretty decent spot.However, I stopped in there on 8/27/09 and was utterly appalled. After hearing a decent DJ play house/techno and a pretty fun band that sounded like a Sublime/Beastie Boys/Lincoln Park fusion, this idiot called "Dirt Nasty" took the microphone. He started screaming lets party, do pills, snort yeyo, etc. and he was completely wasted. I thought Andrew Dice Clay swore a lot, but this guy takes the cake. At least Dice was funny back in the day with his vulgarity...this clown was just downright annoying. He was by far the least talented person I have ever seen perform anywhere. I could have gone up on stage and sang these awesome lyrics, "I'm in Arizona, and I drank a Corona, then I got a big bona so I called her on the phona". Reallly? Are you kidding me? Whoever decided to put this fool on stage should be fired.
5	I had a great experience here, I recently moved to Phoenix, AZ and was told by some friends that since I loved 80's rock to go on Sunday night to see the band Metalhead which I was thrilled just at the sound of a band that covers 80's rock and anxious to see if they were any good and even more so to hear the lead singer. To say the least I was blown away by how great they sounded and the venue Martini ranch has for local music to play.  Needless to say I will be back on many more Sundays to come!!
4	This was our last stop on a long night.  I have seen concerts here before but never reviewed it.  It's a good little concert venue.  A little tight but fun with good acoustics.  We just went to close the night out because they had a band playing 80's and wanted to see how it was on a Saturday.  Simply put, worthwhile.  The cocktails were good, the band was a good time, and there was a crowd.  Everybody was having fun, dancing, singing along, about half girls and half guys.  Good all around.
4	This was my first night checking out the Scottsdale clubs and I have been here a year now!...better late than never. Wandered around a few clubs with my husband out of curiousity to see what Scottsdale offered. I can offer a sober opinion because we did not drink at all....soda water all night....I particularly liked this place because of the band playing...Rock Lobster....they were awesome. Martini Ranch offers you a few choices on a Saturday night....the band, a dance floor and DJ upstairs (VERY loud and packed...but I remember a time I thought that was good! lol)...and an outdoor courtyard type area...nice for a little while especially the view from upstairs....watched the police ride by on their horses...not something I am used to seeing....a very cool sight....however after a while the smoke got to us and we went back inside to see the last set Rock Lobster were playing. The venue I would give four stars to but Rock Lobster definitely five stars...you must check them out if you like your rock music.
4	Went here last night to see AFineFrenzy-it was awesome. It's a great small venue and I found there to be friendly people. Sound quality was great and it's just an all around nice place to be. I was impressed.
4	Not a fan of a $10 cover. But it was a saturday night and I was on vacation and the scene was worth it. Dancing upstairs and downstairs. Drinks were reasonably priced.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):n/a Food9 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueA loud-as-hell dancing area, a more reasonable live music area, a chill outdoor patio area, and a couple three bars to select from while poisoning yourself.  A little something for everyone.
1	Been there Done that. The beer i had was icy cold. The band was not so great I think they were Rock Lobster. The crowd was mostly 20 something college kids. There was no wait service except at the bar. Which sucked also.My friends knew someone in the band and fortunately we did not have to wait in line or pay a cover. Because believe me it wasn't worth it. Maybe I'm just to old for this scene? We blew out of there just before midnight. No one could get me to return to that so called nightlife scene. Guys dancing with themselves and other guys, same goes for the girls. The patio scene was even lame. What happened to mingling and being social?
4	I've been here quite a few times all pre planned to see certain performers.  I must say I do like this place they book good artists it has a good feel to it.  It's not the easiest to get a drink maybe I need to be more aggressive or maybe they need to make away with the stupid under 21 division especially since the 21 under side has a better view of the stage but you can't have a drink on that side. anyway keep on booking good music and i'll keep coming
1	02.06.10$5 cover.  Opening band = Andrew something.  Rock Lobster was main draw.  They did pretty good cover songs.Nice bartender with a heavy hand is always a plus.  One shot = three gulps!No problem securing a booth to goof off in.  Maybe next time people shouldn't stare at us as much?Multiple rooms, back room has hip hop blasting and stripper poles with all reserved tables.Outdoor area in the back with a bar as well.  I like multiple options.***UPDATE***I just checked my Amex.  Good thing I did.  First, they charged me more than I signed for.  Second, they added a second transaction for the same over-charged amount.  What kind of service is this?!  Outrageous.
5	Love the shows the promoters bring in. Cozy spot where I've seen Owl City, A Fine Frenzy, Landon Pigg and more. Plus they are generous with the Malibu Rum :) You will need to visit the bar to get your own as I've never really seen cocktail servers. Oh well... Atmosphere is laid back, chill. A large patio. And yes, the Shaker Room. The hot, shake your stripper ass, place to be.
4	I'm a fan for manly two reasons.  One not being the weird club upstairs.Martini Ranch is always a great time when Rock Lobster is on stage.  I love 80's music.  I can't help it.  I don't care if it makes me lame to some of you.  I freakin' love it.  I may get insecure when I start too many sentences with I, but I will not let you make me feel insecure about my love of 80's cover bands. Honestly, I'm drawing a blank on the second reason why I love this place.  Maybe it's because I once met a guy dressed in a toga in the outside bar and we ended up having a hot make-out session later.  Maybe it's because I have a few friends whose bands have played here.  Maybe it's because my friend spilled his entire drink on some girl in the club upstairs and just moon walked away from her like nothing happened.  Maybe it's because I got really drunk here on Halloween dressed as Cruella Deville and I think ended up making a scene outside that only my friends remember.  Maybe it's because I got into a fight with a friend about her decision to get fat from her stomach injected into her lips and a random guy came up and hugged us.  Maybe it's just the live music.  Like I said, I really love 80's music.
4	Though somewhat limited review, I found the location, cleanliness and overall service at Martini Ranch to be great. I was there for Twestival Phoenix and for a fund-raising event, this provided the right atmosphere to please anyone attending. Thanks for the good times and supporting a great cause!
4	~ME LIKEY!!!~They have stripper poles upstairs...I'mma fan and I USE EM! LOLIts a good time! Sundays are the BEST!
4	Martini Ranch has a live band downstairs and a DJ upstairs. We were there once during our Valentine's Day Bar crawl, and the second time during our 80's Bar crawl. Rock Lobster rawked the stage during our 80's crawl. I was dressed like Peg Bundy in my leopard print top with belted waist. I played "cougar" all night, dancing with lots of young, cute guys.There's a large outdoor patio for the smokers and those who want to catch some fresh air. I loved the roominess of Martini Ranch. I will definitely return, especially when Rock Lobster is playing.
4	I heard that this place is kind of lame, or more of a typical scottsdale crowd, but my friend and I went here because I won free tickets to the Airborne Toxic Event concert and I love the band. I actually thought this place wasn't too bad. Granted it was a weeknight (Mon or Tues, I can't remember) and not too crowded which is just my scene. The concert was awesome, I thought this was a great venue for small intimate shows (i.e. I got to fist bump the band members and talk to them afterwards!!!) The opening band was good too, Grain of Truth I think, more of a heavy metal band. Also for the concert, we each got two tickets for free drinks since it's a Jack Daniel's studio, which was awesome bc we saved like $50 that night. The only drawback was that the other people were not so nice. I was thrown the drumsticks from the drummer of the band and some chick swiped it out of my hands. I personally think she didn't like my friend and me because we got our pics taken from the event promoter and they ignored her and her friends. Oh well. There were also a lot of cougars out that night, which always makes it awkward. I dunno what older slimey guys looking for young girls are called, but they were out there too. And drunk and grinding up random people, including us. I would probably go here again either with my boyfriend since he likes whiskey, or if I won another free pair of concert tickets hehe
4	Came here again last night since I had a media pass for Static March. This was an all ages show, so different from when I was here back in April. They did a good job with security, gating off the under 21 crowd from the bar area. I would definitely say this place brings in an "older" crowd on average. Considering that the local band performing were relatively young guys, they were being hit on by quite a few cougars. There are definitely a lot more men that seem to frequent this place, and the women that are here (excluding myself and the under age crowds) were your typical milfs/cougars.It hasn't been packed either times that I've gone, so I like that I can have breathing room, or just room to escape from douchey drunk guys. Typical Scottsdale crowd though. I basically like going here for shows bc it's cheap and a cool venue, small and intimate so you can easily meet the band.
3	I always have a great time at this place when I'm in Arizona. Doormen are cool, security guys can be tools (sometimes they have to be), and the female staff is very hot, but they do know it. I've been there on many occasions, and lets just say they aren't the friendliest. I wonder how the got the job...Hmm I wouldn't say they were very customer service oriented. The DJs and Bands have always been amazing. Highly recommend going on Saturday night. Patrons are friendly, women are very easy to talk to. Sunday is an industry night which comes with the Industry crowd (could be good or bad). Metalhead or Rock Lobster are both good bands though so if you've got company (aka date or entourage) it doesn't matter which night you go.
4	"Lookin' for nothing.... But a good time..... " Who doesn't love Metal Head? So much fun on Sunday nights! In case you live under a rock, Metal Head is an 80's hear metal cover band that plays all over the valley, and Martini Ranch is there regular Sunday night stopping grounds. Everything from Guns'n'Roses to Matalica to Bon Jovi to Def Leppard...... it's hair-mazing! Martini Ranch itself is pretty good. They have several bars, one in the main part, one outside, and one large bar up in the Shaker Room, the dance room. The concept is pretty cool, live bands, patio and a dance floor all in one?! Saweet! We don't make it is very often, but when we do it is usually a great time. Watch out though... another buyer beware warning.... If you open a tab they will put a $50 hold on your card, just found that out this morning. Awesome! Not!
5	Went to this place last night for a BEARDO and Dirt Nasty show. Wayyy fun! (Even though Andre Legacy didn't show). Wow, I cannot believe what a good time I had. Really intimate venue when they performed on the first level. Moderately priced drinks and my favorite was the outdoor patio. Clean women's restrooms, and that is certainly a godsend, even on a Wednesday night. We got our pics taken with the artists since the outdoor patio is near their chill room, where the artists were hanging. I also thought it was cool that they split the venue so the 18+ kids could get in too... they like music, man!Overall, really liked the style, the less is more inside style with guitars on the wall and calm colors. As a San Diegan now living in Scottsdale, this place gets my pick:)
3	I'm moving down to 3 stars because the bouncers at the front are consistently complete ass hats. And the drinks are outrageous. And some chick tried to wing man me last night. Unsuccessfully, of course.Did I mention the bouncers are ass hats?
1	Im not from around here but im sure common courtesy is something not practiced at the Martini Ranch. The bartender passed me up a shitload of times and I was charged $50 on my card for a $5 Stella. Maybe thats how they do it in Scottsdale to make sure a card is valid. I dont know. It would have been nice to know that. A $1 charge would make more senseAnd try and talk to the door man. He is way to cool for youMay change rating after I find out about this $50 charge
5	I think I pumped my fist off. If found, please return.
4	I went here a couple weeks ago to check out METALHEAD on a Sunday night.  I didn't venture around the place so I can only review the music venue portion of the bar.  The cover charge was more than reasonable ($5) and the sound was pretty good.  It really gets packed pretty fast so I would recommend getting there early if coming to see a show.  $5 for a bottled beer really didn't surprise me for a place like this.  Not that it's a bad thing, it seemed like that kind of joint when I walked in so just be prepared to shell out some money if you plan on throwing a few back.  Overall, I really like the place and will be back to check out other shows and explore the rest of the bar.
4	Came here for a Bachelorette party I was hosting. It was quite a difference from Revolver and Shotgun Betty's down the street. I really loved the atmosphere at Martini Lounge and how there were different sections all with something to offer. Revolver was so packed that you couldn't move, the bouncers were jackasses but the guys handling the bathrooms even more so, there were no places to sit unless you had bottle service, and the music sounded terrible. However, Martini Ranch was the opposite. The room with the live music was awesome and the upstairs "loft" I guess you would call it had lots of seating so you could still watch the live bands. Outside had a cool vibe and was nice if you wanted to just sit on the patio drinking. But the Shaker Room was where it was all at!!! Yes, there were some strange people in there (a couple of swingers that tried to kiss the Bachelorette), some old old men watching my and my posse, and a woman that tipped my girlfriend that was on the stripper pole. Still, it was an eventful evening with lots to talk and laugh about the following day. Also, the DJ was great. He managed to play Metallica songs with a hiphop/ clubbin beat, so not like other DJ's I have heard. We all had a great time and stayed till the ranch closed. One other great thing is that either this bar or our hotel were in the perfect location because we were able to walk less than 1/2 a mile and our hotel was right there. Great for when you have had a few too many. If you are having a Bachelorette party in downtown Scottsdale, definitely venture to Martini Ranch!
4	SUNDAY nights = Metal Head and Metal Head = 80's AWESOMENESS!My review is based solely on Metal Head, an 80's/early 90's rock cover band that rocks Martini Ranch every Sunday night. It's a cheap $5 cover to get in and a must go!
4	I had the opportunity to see Tony Lucca at Martini Ranch last night. Not only is Tony a fantastic musician from Los Angeles, California, but I call him a friend. I was quite pleased with Martini Ranch and its staff. They are friendly and try to listen to your requests. We sat this time It was nice. The only thing was,the air conditioning was on and it was  cold, I wish they would have turned it off. It even looked like some of the security guards were cold too. Our waitress was on top of it. Tony's music filled the air for two straight hours. From Foxy Jane to Superstition. Tony's Trio rocked the joint. The downer about the night was that on Martini Ranches' website,  said doors open at 6:30, they did not open until 7 or a little bit after 7.  Other than that it was a fabulou night of music. I even liked the sound guys choice of music, which was the Beatles.
1	The Douchebag black doorman having too high an opinion of his own self-importance refused to allow me entrance while my whole group where inside doing who-knows what, I never made it that far.I AM semi-famous, I AM related to some VERY famous people, I graduated from Yale and have many friends famous that I can name drop, but to have this little man with his grandiose sense of importance pretend that he's better than all. Get over it, you won't see me ever spending my money here or entertaining my NYC guests. There are better places than this, and cooler dives that will treat you better in this economy, who appreciate the amount of coin I drop in their establishments.I sincerely hope your supervisors read these reviews and can your ass simply because your ego is the problem itself. Karma is a bitch.
4	-came here on a friday night-cool venue (three bar areas/band area/outdoor area upstairs & downstairs, and and upstairs area for reserved bottle service-my favorite part was watching the cover bands: Rock lobster and another one i forgot the name of-the have a hot dog vender: decent prices: order the polish sausage!
4	Inhad a pretty great night here with a guy I met at Shotgun Betty's.  Dancing, grinding, some kissing. Don't tell Dad!!  I hear they have a band downstairs but it was quite poor when I went there. I loved the music. Great dancing. Good drinks. But I did feel like I was dancing at a speakeasy when there.
4	Okay I gave it another try for a friends birthday and I actually had a blast! It was a sunday and we had a table but it was a really good time. I'd go again with a group of friends :)
4	I never knew that this place was a pretty decent venue - so add this to your list of places to go to see a show. I have never had a problem with any of the staff, and never had to wait long for a drink inside. It's got a great sound system to watch the show, and you can smoke on the patio outside the venue, but inside the club. There's also a dance club upstairs, but that's not really my thing. Bathrooms are pretty clean, and the drinks are pretty good.
4	Let me start out my saying this is my type of bar/club...from the live alternative bands that perform here (usually good!) to the music played, this venue has a lot to offer... multiple bars, live music, bottle service, dance floor, and an outside area. Come here with a fun group and it's guaranteed a good time.
2	First the good: Friendly bartenders and cocktail servers, that do their best to make sure you always have a drink when you need one!!Sunday nights are cool because of Metalhead.That's it. Now the bad:This place tries waaaaay too hard to be some sort of L.A. bar.... Why is this a music venue? The sound is horrible, the stage and floor are both too small, and to make it worse they put a gate down the middle to seperate the kids from the grown ups! Don't even get me started on the "shaker room".... crap djs, that shouldn't even be allowed to apply the title to themselves... and LAME vip tables that are way overpriced for what they are... And no, I'm not one of those people who are anti-bottle service, I just believe that if you're gonna pay that much it should at least be a nice area!And then finally... the bouncers are total douchebags who think that their time is more valuable than yours, and make you wait behind a velvet rope for no apparent reason at any given time.
1	If you're looking to meet an interesting, sophisticated woman, then look elsewhere. This place is fun to go to with friends but not as a single guy. The crowd is definitely for those in their early 20s. It's full of those women who grew up with Paris Hilton and Brittney Spears as role models and adore Lady Gaga. Many lack any form of self-respect, based on what they're wearing or the frequent grinding with men of their or questionable ages. I recommend Mabel's if you want an opportunity to meet a beauty with brains to match.
3	pain to get in. sometimes overcrowded complete with a dirty sticky floor and spilled drinks all over. once it gets going though it gets going and can turn into a pretty good dance scene.
2	Now I'm no Tom Selleck, but I'm quite convinced that my girl and I were the best looking people in this bar the night we went. And maybe that's not even a far stretch. Seems a call went out prior to the Old 97's show, calling for all the tallest and ugliest people in all of Arizona. Jeez, what a poor showing.The Old 97's put on a kickass show, as they usually do. But this was not the venue for them. This venue is better served as a place for local bands that don't draw big crowds.And to the older fat bastard that shimmied his way to center stage, in front of me.....get a life man. There's never any need to take your $2000 camera to a show, zoom in on the singer's face and proceed to snap 300 photos. Take your man crush somewhere else.Oh and the drinks are expensive too.
1	I could go into a long story about what happened but basically the girls taking cover and the bouncers can't count and are douches.  Will never go back to the place again.
3	I checked it out last night, not usually a huge fan of old town. There was a reggae showing taking place, which was nice. Didn't try any food but they had some impressive drink specials taking place all night. Attractive, friendly staff...
4	Saw Matt Wertz and Ben Rector here.  They were great!  Would definitely  come back for another performance!
3	I prefer dives so Scottsdale in general is not really my scene. I got some VIP tickets for an even here a while back I went because it was free XX  until 1 or something like that. The guys there were obnoxious and kept trying to feel me up and get me to dance.  I had to keep drinking the free beer so I wouldn't freak out.  They had a horrible 80s hair band on that I watched amused for a while then I went upstairs.  Being VIP had its perks the VIP crowd was less grabby. It could have been MUCH better but it could have been much worse. I would give it 2.5 stars rounded up to 3 because of the free beer!
4	I am pretty surprised at this place. The staff are all attractive, drinks are expensive but for a night out every once in a while, it's a good place to go. Bartender's are friendly, some of the staff doing rounds(including bar backs) act like they are obviously way to busy to talk to anyone. I enjoy the outdoor bar, it has a relaxing feel to it and the bartender that works out there knows what he's doing, making conversation with customers and getting to other customers in a fashionable manner and quickly.  All in all I had a wonderful time here, it was fun for me and my girls and I will definitely go back for another night out in a few weeks. (I'm still recovering from the last night out ;) haha)
1	Yes, I'm Dumb on how I spend my money.Yes, I don't care if I pick up a Pig.Yes, I don't care if I'm insulted by a brain dead bouncer.Yes, I have a low IQ, and no expectations.If these traits are you .... the Martini Ranch is perfect for you.
4	As far as smaller venues go for concerts, the Martini Ranch has always been enjoyable. The employees are always friendly and I've always had a good time whenever I go there. We went again recently (it has been quite a while since I've been there) and it was still just as awesome. I don't remember it being that big, but I could be wrong. It's still pretty small, but it didn't seem as small this time around. I think the size is just right, though.The drinks weren't exactly reasonably priced, but they were strong at least. Maybe too strong... :PAs always, Martini Ranch did not disappoint. It always leads to a good time :)
1	I have been here a few times in the past but was never impressed. The only reason I was back was for a concert. The people at the door had the worst attitudes I have ever come across. They acted like their job was some type of successful career or something. The first bartender we went to seemed irritated and rushed us for a drink order even though we were the ONLY people there. I had one beer and was kicked out for being "drunk".  I wasn't even buzzed. This is after I paid $28 to see a band. I'm sorry if I looked like I was struggling but my heels were uncomfortable!!! When I tried to nicely explain this to someone, they took the word of the other less intelligent bouncer. I could understand if I actually did something wrong but I didn't. I will never go back to this place again.
5	My husband turned 40 on Friday, November 4, 2011. For 3 months I planned a very involved surprise party. I visited MANY Scottsdale clubs, bars, entertainment venues etc to prepare for his "after party.' I chose Martini Ranch over all of the other places I visited first and foremost because of Mike and Robert. I dropped in one afternoon to check it out and there was a band setting up for that evening's entertainment. The downstairs has been newly remodeled and was very nice.  Robert took me on a tour of the entire club. He never tried to rush me or make me feel like I was a bother.  Many of the places I checked into, the club managers either never returned my calls, didn't show up for our meeting or acted as if they had something better to do.  Mike and Robert were fantastic to work with.  I was in contact with them for a month leading up to my event (I am a freak) and they were always so nice and fun to talk to. The night we showed up, Mike and Robert were there prepared for our arrival with wristbands and escorted us right to our VIP area. There were 60 people in my party.  Ages ranging from 23 to 50 years old.   There were mant different age groups at the club in general. Everyone was so friendly.  Our group all had wigs on and random people were coming up to us commenting and laughing at our wigs. Very easy going crowd.   The 3 bands downstairs were fabulous, but as the night progressed we all ended up going upstairs to the DJ area. We arrived at 8:30pm and closed the place down! Maybe it's not the most prestigious place in town,(according to some of the reviews I read) but with that you miss out on all the pretentious snobs that go along with that type of environment.  Our goal was to go and have a carefree, fabulous good time and we did!  One of my single friends even met a really nice guy. We met him for lunch this past weekend. I didn't really pay attention to drink prices, but if your on a strict budget, maybe clubbing and drinking shouldn't be a priority anyway. Even though we had eaten before we arrived, it was nice to have the food vendor available for late night snacks.  Dancing really burns the calories!   The bartenders upstairs were so nice as well. The dreamcicle was my drink of choice. The "pole dancers " were also a hoot! They were so polite! Everytime I put a dollar in her bra she actually thanked me! HAHAHA! Several reviews mentioned the bouncers being "asses".,Anyone who works in that environment night after night and sees the "crazies"  they do has to be on guard. They are there to do a  specific job and they do it very well.  The bouncers even had to reprimand a few crazies in our group, but I completely understood. They are there to "bounce" crazies" and I am glad, for my own safety.  So, ANYWAY, longest review ever......I close by saying, It was a very important night for me, and it couldn't have been better!  I loved it! We all had a great time! I love Mike, Robert, the pole dancers, the DJ, the bartenders, the bands the bouncers etc!  Made awesome memories!  Thank you Martini Ranch!
4	Pretty fun spot.  There is live music in the downstairs area, and a club in the upstairs area.  Good for groups with different tastes.
4	I've been to Martini Ranch a handful of times and I always have a blast! I love the location, the indoor/outdoor options and the music. Had a blast there this past weekend, but it was also due to the company.
5	Metal head kicked ass with 80s hair metal songs. The drinks were strong but they didn't have any beer on draft.  The shaker room wasn't as cool as the main room mostly due to the jersey shore type of crowd that was there. The dj up there was putting on great tunes however. Overall great time especially from an outsiders perspective. I couldn't imagine finding an equally popping place on a Sunday night in Scottsdale/Phoenix.
3	Saw a show here last night. Stage is raised to a proper height, acoustics are pretty decent and the sound system is adequate for live acts. Three trapezoidal speakers flown above the stage provide good coverage and nice clarity. There's a couple of subs tucked beneath the stage. They have some moving lights(mirrors move not heads), and some LED par cans. Monitors are on the stage floor, and are JBLs so they seem decent. If it were up to me, I'd toss about 12 more cans on the front wash and add some side wash. They have the trussing to do it .Staff is attractive, and friendly. Knowledgeable about the area and eateries too. There's a patio where you can smoke outside, and they have heaters so you don't freeze your *** off. Drinks are reasonably priced for Scottsdale - and they had some good specials last night which ranged from beer to cinnamon whiskey to vodka - so your bases should be covered.I'd go back. Go early, or good luck parking. Also - note that last night was Christmas week, so even though it was Wednesday tons of cops were out and about, pulling over all kinds of people as they left Old Town Scottsdale. So word to the wise - Don't Drink and Drive.
1	Sorry gang would give this place no star if I could.  Ear muffs if you can't handle the truth -- Parental Advisory!First off the quality of people that attends this place is piss poor.  If I wanted to be insulted, spit on, and get in a fight. I know where to find it -- this place!  Classless along with a bunch of douches following my lady friends around like a prey.  I had to tell them to stop cause it was creeping everyone out - sorry dude with a dragon shirt can you please stop following!  By the way douche #2 just because I'm well dressed and can sport a tie, doesn't mean I'm gay.  It means I have taste so F-off!  How about that female dog that pointed south and said go away China's that way -- sorry you poor example of a hairless chiuaua; China is technically West.  Unfortunately, you didn't know that because your man feeds you low end pet chow!As part of an Asian organization I wouldn't want any of my members attend this place.Only one good thing came from this place -- the doorman was nice. - Enjoy!
2	ummmm...ummm...There is a Captain Morgan statue in the back. That is about all I got! Drinks are overpriced and the door staff is a bit much.
4	Whether you're looking for a place to socialize with friends, listen to live music or burn up the dance floor Martini Ranch has all of  that and more. Each night brings new people, bands and drink specials. This place has tones of space inside and out with speakers placed all over the place so you can always hear the music at a perfect volume.Downstairs is where the main stage is; it has three different bars, go-go dancers and even a hot dog stand! Upstairs The Shaker Room provides has a great dance floor that always plays the newest upbeat hits.My favorite night to go is on Sundays, the very entertaining 80's cover band Metal Head performs three sets starting around 11:00pm. There is never a dull moment when they perform and play all the classics from the 80's. My only complaint is the access to the women's restroom; it's on the other side of the patio away from the main building. But I do have to say the lady that works the restroom is very nice and always has free goodies for us girls!
4	This is a very large club with several different locations to hang. My friends and I caught Rock Lobster last night. The show was great, the place was packed and into the music. A fun scene. The show right before Rock Lobster wasn't nearly as great and glad I was only tortured for a short time. My friends and I reserved a table with bottle service. The only bad thing is the waitress had to pour the drinks which caused a delay at times. My favorite part of the evening was being on the floor closer to the music and seeing the table next to us try and take our Vokda and couldn't figure out the lock top. The waitress promptly took the bottle back.  Good times. The should have concentrated on their own bottle since they left about half when they left.
2	ummm... not so much. The band that was playing was good, the bartenders serving me were great, the bouncer at the door gave me a great ego-boosting compliment, but then I had to correct some weird drunk chick who I guess got jealous of his attention. (whatever)  Anyways... it was more the clientele that was a turn-off. I actually had a "Night at the Roxbury" moment. seriously...
3	I'm not much of a Barfly; I went here solely to support my friend's band. It was your typical bar plus a state of the art stage and sound system. There were plenty of bar stools to rest on (my feet in stilettos were very happy). The service was okay; bathrooms well maintained; and drinks were properly priced for the area... I guess there isn't much else to expect out of a bar.
4	I went here to see Pretty reckless and i was like ugh another bar show where im going to have to be smashed against some sweaty drunk guy shirtless guy with a beer belly who i either can't see over or the crowd is forcing him forward so he can sweat all over me and be in my person space. Where we both end up awkward cause hes pressed against my back side. But it was the complete opposite. There was plenty of space even thoe the show was full. The stage was view able from all angles there was even a bar that was accessible on a platform in the back which made it so you could see over the audience. I LOVED LOVED LOVED the fact that it want hot. all in all I say I can't wait to see my next show there.
2	Went to the Toasters show here back in January.Door guy was kinda douchy.Bartenders were definitely douchy. Not a smart idea to mock the evenings clientelle since they're paying your salary.Crap selection of beers. Interesting layout but I see this as more of a club type club where people dance and dumb guys and girls try and take each other home after a long night of dancing than a place to catch a ska show or show in general.
3	There are definitely better places to go to in Old Town. Overall Martini Ranch is usually pretty slow and charge a cover to get into an empty place. Last time I went there my friend and I got our cover back because it was so dead. They do have good martinis though.
3	Came out to see Rocco DeLuca and fell in love with Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka.
5	Not a bad place for a Sunday night. There are so many hot guys and girls. DJ Hem was working and were pouring liquor down Ppl's mouth. The good, fun times
3	*Sigh*I have been going to Martini Ranch for years. Back in my partying days it was our weekend hang out. Shaker room then go across the street to Mickey's Hangover and eat greasy fries.Now I only find myself going there for live bands. They get some great local bands there sometimes. And their regular bands, Rock Lobster and Metalhead are always a fun time.Their staff isn't the best. Bartenders are grouchy. Their security annoys the hell out of me. Last time we were there, a bouncer stood right in front of me impeding my view of the band. And he was texting. What a great work ethic.Drinks cost an arm and a leg. Which is stupid when you are already paying a ridiculous cover.  But alas... you know I will be back.
4	Love this place! Like the lay out and the different rooms. Love to dance there. Gets pretty crowded.
3	This is the kinda place that you somehow end up at once again. Seeing somebody's friend of a friend's band that's ok and can get the job done, open for another semi-marginal band that's touring and has about 5,000 likes on the good book.Drinks are obviously over priced, and all over the place depending on which bro or babe is making it, but you can't be picky because it can take a few to get one of their attention.Now for the place, they need a complete change over/re-branding. Martini in your bar/venue name is sooo 2000 and late. Now they have a killer setup that sounds great, but things just miss the mark when it comes to being a great venue.This place is just average, so don't expect to leave pissed off, but don't expect to be wowed by any means.
4	More like "Cougar Ranch", am I right?I have a habit of barhopping on Saturday nights, but this place has what I need to keep me tipsy and entertained. Started off by checking out the live music. People were being lame and just standing there watching the stage, so I sat back and enjoyed the scenery. Spacious room.Make a pit stop at the outside bar. Have a seat, get some fresh air, let your ears recover, and mingle. Women over the age of 30 aren't exactly my type, but there are for sure some cute ones. Find some, and take them upstairs.Upstairs is pretty fun. I'm not much of a club guy, but I can acknowledge when it's done correctly. There's a bass-dropping, light-flashing, ass-shaking dance floor, complete with another bar and some dancers on poles. No question that your $5 cover is worth this 3-course party. Make this your next Old Town destination.
5	Overall one of the best places around. I was introduced to this place when I first moved here two years ago and still love it.. They have a club section, outside bar, tables and upstairs open patio. They also have a rock band every night. Great place for everyone!
5	I love this place! where els can you go and get 3 types of hang outs in 1 bar. You have the down stairs where you can watch a live band (metelhead!) and listen to some great music. Then go outside and get a totally different vibe and you can actually talk to someone with out it being too loud. Go upstairs and it turns into a full on night club. Yeah this place is the best. THE HOTTEST SPOT FOR A SUNDAY NIGHT!!!  The staff is very friendly and the bartenders are attractive and nice. I have read some of the reviews on here and I'm kinda shocked cuz i have never had a bad time at this bar. its been around for ever and still going strong.
5	That place was awesome. The band played a lot of 80's music. It was pretty cool. I loved that you could dance and not sweat to death. They actual had ac that worked. Great place to go for dancing and music. They had a band and smother room which had update music.
4	I've always thought this place was a nightclub.  We went to see a friend play live there and what a surprise!  It's quite a setup with the stage and great acoustics.  The bartenders were friendly and had a heavy pour.  Plus the pricing on cocktails wasn't too bad.  It's smaller than I had pictured, but that just makes it more intimate.  Can't wait to see another show there.
4	After one hundred and twelve reviews one more can't hurt right? Love:The intimate settingThe indie artistsThe patioThe staffNot so much:NO ONE SHOWED UP TO SEE MEIKO!!!The ladies bathroom is outside...You know after a few drinks you (a) have to pee pretty regularly and (b) don't want to leave mid-song!
4	Decent place for a night out. Was here on Saturday night and started out with a visit upstairs to the Shaker Room, which is an average size room with a DJ and big bar. Downstairs, it was raining, so not much action there, but someone did appear to be cooking something. Finally, a loud band was cranking out metal music in the bar. Had no idea that there were three different venues in one place, so that was a good touch. Of course, unless you get there at 8pm you will never find a parking spot, but if you can, then this is a great place to spend some of your evening.
3	The staff here is great, but the layout is a bit odd. Ladies literally freeze their asses off in the winter just to pee! Small intimate venue, i do like that it has two different bars, and music genres.
4	There's a lot to like here wether you like old metal bands (metal head) on sunday, modern day music outside, and a dance floor upstairs out back. Music wise Its got something for everyone... the entrance bar area is dark and close, the outside patio is spacious and nice, and the shakeroom.. is just that to shake it in
1	Wish I could give 0 stars. Save your time, save your money. This place is so not worth it, go somewhere else. I couldn't leave fast enough. The staff does not care about customer service and they all have piss poor attitudes. The clientele is disgusting and classless at best. This dump does NOT deserve your business!
4	We found our new Sunday night spot! This place is perfect for any type of crowd... rock and metal (downstairs) while hip hop heads and sha sha shake it girls (upstairs). Cheaper drinks than most of Old Town. Bouncers aren't dicks. Aaaaand there's a big panda that walks around and dances with everyone. DOPE.
1	I went to Martini Ranch this last Sunday (2/17/13) with a group of 5 people to see one of our favorite bands, Wallpaper. I was so excited that the crowd was not big, and now I see why. We arrived a little late as we were not all too interested in seeing the opening acts, but came in half way through the set of the band Bro Con Chill. They had the club divided between 18+ and 21+. We had a couple in our group that are 21+ but they could go around, get drinks and then return to us, which was fine. The show was great, the venue....not so much. As a woman, in order to use the restroom one must ask for a chaperon on staff to direct you to outside in back of the club to be met by another chaperon to direct you even further back. Weird, but whatever. I stepped outside to smoke and was pestered by a young bouncer who was not only creepy but seemed emotionally unstable as he started to divulge how two of his friends had died just that week. He told me to call him 'Chilli, sweetie' and although I was put-off by how odd and un-professional he was in his workplace I was happy to move past and enjoy the show. The smell of urine crept in from the men's restroom placed right next to the front of the stage. The stench was so unfortunately palpable that one other show-goer excused herself from her friends to close the door, After their set, Wallpaper exclaimed that they would be signing merch and meeting fans once they struck their gear. As quickly as they exited Chili popped up and kicked my friends and I out explaining that it is now only 21+. We reminded him that at 10:10 we still had a good 20 minutes to meet the band we all paid to see (some of us bought several drinks), as they had posted they would NOT make this division until 10:30 to which Chili replied 'Sorry, I just want to go home'. I can assure you, unless Wallpaper makes the awful decision to come back to this venue we will not be back until some serious changes happen. I thought dive bars were supposed to be fun?
5	The nights to be at consistently for Martini Ranch are: Casual Fridays, Showcase Saturdays and the feature night ReTOX Sunday!!!  There is always a cover but if you text KDPVIP Marquis to 46786 you get in with no line and no cover before 11PM to all the events.Past That love Metalhead Downstairs on Saturday and The Shaker Room... dont get me started!
3	Came to meet up with some friends who were in town who always come to see Metal Head - cover band.  They were fun.  Came during spring training and on St. Patty's day so you can imagine what the place was like - a whole lot of crazy Giant fans :).  $5 cover charge.
4	Martini Ranch reminds me of a club in TJ. Its fun, but in a dirty kind of way. Its very large, and great place to dance, there is live music, and a DJ. I've heard everything here from rock and country, to booty-rap & house. So... ya, theres something for everyone.
4	Martini-Ranch is another club that is two clubs in one, kinda. Sometimes they have two stages going with two different types of music. They also have art shows here too, so they can really mix it up. With that said, I kind of like Giligans more for the dive type atmosphere and for a more club atmosphere something else in the area.It may be a great place of comprimise for a group since sometimes it is super hard to get everyone to agree on a place.
4	Had a great time and bottle service was awesome!
2	I tried my best to enjoy my time here, but let me give you a little recap. This bar had some good positives but some of the negatives really threw me off.As we walk into the bar, you know, it looks great - loud, live, music that the crowd is enjoying. Great. That was nice. We went straight outside and ordered two AMFs and a jack/coke. The two AMFs were COMPLETELY SOUR tasting. The female added two chunks of lemon to each drink and this was not an AMF you would want to drink - I wouldn't mind if I said, please add this lime, but as we were tipping she just put them in there. Probably the worst AMF I have ever had. Ok, I'll manage, you know, since we're pretty drunk already. We chug our drinks because there's absolutely no way you can slow and casual sip a sour drink. Luckily, the bartender we had the pleasure of being tended by on the inside of the first floor was a life saver. He made two great pink p's for me and my girlfriend while her boyfriend had a redbullvodka. All the while this bartender is being very attentive and giving us plenty of water as we ask for it (I am not one for having a hangover!) Seriously, nicest bartender I've experienced in downtown scottsdale. So we made our journey to the second floor which has HORRENDOUS stairs.. Who has stairs like that for drunk people? I admit, the patio looked nice and the cushions were comfortable. They had good dance music on the inside, but the DJ could have been a little more into the crowd. Anyway. We didn't stay long on the second floor but on the way out we did visit the bartender inside and get another cold glass of water. He was a lifesaver!Do go - if you want to relive the 70s and 80sDo not go - if you want to enjoy some drunk mosh pit!
4	This place hasnt changed much in the 8 years Ive been going here.The main club is still a great place to watch a band (local or national) and can definitely hold the weekend crowds for Rock Lobster and Metalhead. The sound is always good and there are plenty of places to get that perfect view of the stage. There are still 2 bars, but im glad that they started opening the one to the left of the stage more.Although im not happy that the ladies room is now all the way outside, I do appreciate that its 3 times the size of the old inside one. The outside bar has always been my favorite. Its almost always no wait and has the most patient bartender. I like the addition of the covered seating outside as well.The rest of the bar staff is good (and theyve worked here forever) and this is one Scottsdale club that Ive found that the bouncers are really really nice.The Shaker Room upstairs can be fun, for a little bit. But it tends to get wicked crowded and the service at that bar is always slow. Drink prices here are decent and they keep upgrading their selections, so thats nice.Theres definitely something for everyone here, what ever night of the week it may be.
4	Place was pretty cool. I liked the outside patio, and all the room at the place. Good stage and bands. Love that there's no dress code! Good service, and nice seating. I'll come back:)
2	Honestly came here only to prove that the husband and I could make it in and out without being stabbed...  We did.  There were 3 cops and 3 sherrifs deputies outside due to the stabbings that have occurred recently.  This place isn't my scene, but we were curious so we stopped by.
1	What a waste of time and money. $15 cover charge for a terrible band and the right to order $8 martinis. Never again. Don't waste your time and money.
1	Why would you print doors open at 7pm and here we are waiting at 820 to get in. Another sucky arrogant waste of a time Scottsdale shithole. I won't be spending money on drinks here. Give me a tap water. You don't deserve a dime from anyone
4	drove up from tucson to see common kings a few fridays back.the venue is located in scottsdale and is a bar/night club. it was a great setting for an intimate concert. this chain of venues (they're related to the rialto theatre in tucson) bring in GREAT talent!!they kept the place cool and the service was very attentive. we never had to ask for more drinks, they were always offering before we had the chance to ask. also, i like that there was a heavy security presence. it kept people in check and made me feel better about the small venue and how many people were in there.
