5	I just had one of those meals that I'll remember forever here.  Now I have to confess, it might have been much different had we gone alone -- but we went with some serious foodie Chinese friends who are regulars and wow -- we were seriously blown away.  Here's how my Chinese host puts it:  You know a Chinese place is good when it meets 3 criteria:  1)  The line outside the door is all Chinese.   2) The bathroom is dirty   3)  There are flies. We had a ten course tasting menu -- family style.  Started with a pot of pork and winter melon soup -- simple, light -- and as our host said -- free, so don't complain.  Who would?  Next came the "free chicken" -- all tables of 7 or more get the whole chicken -- that's Chinese poached chicken, served cold, hacked, bone in -- with a remarkable cold ginger sauce that I'm still thinking about.Then our server came out with our fish and lobster for our host to inspect -- and the reason he invited us to join him.  He wanted to teach my husband the difference in "fresh fish" and "live fish" -- there really aren't that many places in town -- or anywhere actually, that serve their fish from flipping, to flat in a matter of minutes.   And this was one of those mind-blowingly red rockfish -- that if you swam up to in the ocean, you'd definitely avoid.  The lobster was at least 5 pounds and gorgeous and pissed.   Soon, they would be our dinner -- and honestly I felt guilty and unworthy.Next, they brought out a platter of the most phenomenal looking prawns -- I'm talking 6 inches long, brilliant pink, heads and tails on -- for us to peel and eat, and dip into ponzu.   These were so fresh, I'm blown away -- packed with roe.  Truly a life changing dish for me.Then jellyfish -- with daikon and cucumber -- great acidity, sweetness, crunch -- and the slippery-ness of the jellyfish -- texture, flavor -- and we loved it.  Had thirds.Then there was tofu, that creamy, slippery kind that defy my Anglo chopstick skills.  Imagine, my horror and shame, when they presented me with a fork.   Yep, that bad.Then string beans -- the twice fried kind.  Shivers...they were so good.Oh, we did a quick check of the door -- we arrived at 7 -- and the line was  about 15 deep and super cranky that the two of us slipped past them (all clearly regulars) to our host and his wife and other guests who were already seated... we were the only white folk in the place -- and I don't think it went over well...   Now it wasn't even 8:30 and the line was still as long, and the room packed... I'm talking big parties, too. Back to the food...after that brief respite, they brought sauteed oysters and green onions,  stir fried rice with dried scallops and egg, the magnificent lobster, stirfried.  Then the rockfish -- Hong Kong style -- over more tofu, with more scallions and more ponzu -- nature's true art -- and a tribute to the chef that he served it so simply -- whole in all its beauty.Then, tada...crispy frog with jalapeno, fried garlic and green onions.   Yep -- frog -- apparently not such a rarity on menus in Vegas, as one would think.  Our host explained that frog is a big deal in China -- a very common ingredient -- rice paddies... I had never thought about that before.  His other guest also lauded frog's excellent medicinal benefits...since my husband is Alsatian, and frog is popular there, I guess I'm going to have to rethink things... it was definitely good enough to have again -- just for the batter it was in -- and yes, it tasted like chicken...The chef came out as dessert was served to visit with our host and meet my husband.  He is fascinating, the dessert, not so much...it was a red bean tapioca soupy sort of thing -- ok, it was the only miss for me -- but again, no complaints since it was complimentary... Seriously, for those of you looking for a truly authentic Chinese meal -- I implore you to try this restaurant -- now mind you, this was a simple Tuesday night -- and it was slammed.   This is a completely hidden, local Chinese only secret, which probably explains the reason there is only one mediocre review... and btw, the fish aren't in a tank by the door... But I truly believe that it would be best to begin asking your Chinese friends to come with you -- my guess is they're sworn to secrecy.  And I'll send you this wish, that your meal is as wonderful as ours was.Oh, and this place is open late -- I think 2am.  Try to come with friends in one car, too -- the parking lot is small, and in classic Spring Mt style, shared with a host of other businesses, but all are taken up by KJ Kitchen customers.  So there may be a wait for a parking spot, too.
1	Don't go.  Here was our experience.  We tried to call in a take out order and instead of taking the order they hung up 3x in a row.  Thinking that they were too busy to stay on the phone, we showed up in person.  They had 3 staff members in view and one table with customers (2).  They did not greet us even though we kept saying hello.  It was half an hour before we could place an order.  We had to keep asking for someone to take an order.    The staff kept ignoring us.  Another half hour for the food was ready.  None of the servers smiled once or said hello.  No follow up on the order: we actually had to keep coming back to them even when we wanted to pay!!! Although their food is better than average, the service is what will made all of us choose not to go back.I should add, when I say food is better than average, it is very good for Las Vegas if you prefer closer to authentic.  The service is terrible.  Dining in China and Japan...the service there is excellent so I don't know what it is about Las Vegas that makes service like something you scrape off your shoe.  :)
4	Here is the thing: I live in Austin Texas. You know what the best Chinese restaurant in Austin Texas is called? PF MFing Chang. Yeah... exactly. Therefore, when I leave Austin Texas I'm on a mission for Chinese food. Not beef and broccoli but REAL Chinese food. Therefore, when my buddy asked where I wanted to go my only answer was an authentic Chinese restaurant and KJ Kitchen was PERFECT. We ordered 4 items because...well.. I didn't know the next time I would be able to eat authentic Chinese food and quite frankly, I CAN put away enough food for 2 1/2 people. I'm not skeered. We ordered fried sea bass which was served with a dipping sauce that was not the slightest bit greasy and incredibly tasty. We also ordered sauteed Chinese broccoli which was as good as one would expect. I don't think you can really have spectacular Chinese broccoli. Whatever. Also we had a noodle dish and the steamed chicken both of which were VERY good. The service was very prompt and courteous and I never felt rushed. The owner also came over to say hello which was a nice touch. The atmosphere was as to be expected in an authentic Chinese restaurant: lobster tank, the usual art, nothing spectacular.. overall nice.
5	Alright fellow gamblers, I think i've finally found one of the best Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas. This hidden gem is about a mile or 2 west of Chinatown in a small shopping center. We started with the Egg Flower soup with crab meat. Yumalicious! I'm not a big vegetable guy, but I loved their garlic spinach. If you like tofu, order the clay pot cooked tofu. It's a great mix with your rice.  Now you gotta get the honey walnut shrimp because it was perfectly glazed and not overly mayo'd out. The walnuts tasted fresh and were well glazed too. For our meat dish, we got the sweet and sour pork which wasn't that great. I would probably order a beef or chicken dish next time. Finally, these last two items are what you MUST get here. The pan fried crab and the pan fried lobster. I loved the seasoning used in both dishes. You'll be sucking the poor critters shells dry. Don't forget about the egg in the crab shell!  Now for the warning. This place gets packed. The servers and waiters get your food out quick, but your wait will still be from 30 minutes to 1hr. The overall service was good, but they do get extremely busy so you'll have to waive them down a few times.  I suggest getting there a little early. They do open till 2am and they start serving hot pot after 10pm.  So after the casinos give you a nice butt pounding, head for KJ Kitchen for some healing.
2	Qualifier':  I stopped using chopsticks when I was 9, except for Sushi. Born and raised in San Francisco from a restaurant family, so I've eaten Chinese food for 46 years. Went KJ's because of good reviews on Yelp and it was my initials! in the name. Krishna JonFor me, a sure tell, bench mark of a spot is Beef Chow Fun, Black Bean Sauce, Wet. That's what I ordered and got:Watery sauce, Onion and Bell Pepper, Low grade beef. One of those I ate it, but wouldn't order it again things. It was fresh, to it's credit. Some of things on the menu look intriguing, ( deer meat clay pot! ) and some of the things mentioned in the other reviews looked nice too. But the dirt factor.In response to one the reviews, My Chinese friends have a saying about dirty restaurants too. Nasty. The one fish tank was cloudy, the spot was greasy and the bathrooms, yuck! You can get good, authentic Chinese food in a clean place, But don't get me wrong, I have a warm place in my heart for the greasy spoon, Chinese, American or otherwise. If you are ever in The City, try Canton on Folsom for my lowest acceptable standard on the Greasy spoon, great food! Or Tong Kiang for quality and clean class on the authentic tip. Would go back to KJ only if somebody took me there, late at night.
5	SEA BASS HOT POT...sooo gooood.  $8.99 lobster...how do you beat that deal?!My family comes here at least twice a month, it's a bit far from the strip but well worth the trip.  I've never been disappointed with any dishes here and just found out it's opened really late.  also if you order 4 dishes, they give you free soup and boiled whole chicken.   Definitely worth checking out
1	RIPOFF don't not eat here!!! OVER CHARGED $39 a pound for TILAPIA!! Lobster would of been cheaper!! This place is a scam if your a tourist. They'll take advantage of you! They seen us coming, tourists!!One of the waiters recommended their fish, so we order it. Wasn't too good. It was tilapia. 3 Dishes came to $90 dollars.
3	this is a favorite among many, but i like cathay house better. i like KJ Kitchen for a more casual dinner. and when you walk in... it speaks for itself. me and my bf come here when i dont want to cook.this place is good for ordering a small dinner, like beef, egg scallion and a vegetable.this place is pretty expensive. its like $16 for stinky tofu, and even tho its good, i dont think its worth it. CASUAL EATING HERE. Cathay house for celebrating and impressing people!
4	Always passing by and never stopping in, Yelp reviews finally got me to check out this place.  We stopped by for a late lunch on a weekend with our party of four.* Crispy Deep Fried Bean Curd with Three Ingredients ($9.95) - The three ingredients being shrimp, fish, and scallops.  There were only a few scallops though because I didn't get any.  But the real treat was hot they fried up the tofu.  It was so good.  There's only been one or two other places (in SF) that fry it up that way and it's  yum with a delicate outside crust.* Ox-Tail with Red Wine ($12.95) - It looked more like pig's feet (which I love anyway) and the best part was the fermented beancurd spread they serve with it.  (I've only seen it in cubes, in a jar, so having it as a spread was just yummy goodness!)* Beef and Bitter Melon Chow Fun (Wet style) - I'm not a fan of the bitter melon, but my aunts were and they chowed on it.  It was a hearty portion and the chow fun noodles were good enough to eat the next day (without the bitter melon taste on it).* Lamb Clay Pot ($16.95) - This dish looked more like oxtail stew than lamb, but supposedly it was.  There were also carrots too in it.  It was good, but not my favorite of the dishes.Those four orders were more than enough for four people, we had plenty of leftovers for sure! Service was standard, water and tea arrived promptly and we had to wave to get refills.  But overall, everything was fine.  My aunts said the food tasted pretty authentic in their opinion, and it was decent for the most part.3.5 starsOn another note, when you do walk in, you do see the fish tanks with their live seafood available for sale.  The tanks looked pretty clean to me!  I didn't really notice it until our way out though.
3	This is a decent place but they tried to trick me. I ask for lunch menu and they give me a dinner menu. They claimed that was the only menu they had.  Only after I showed them a newspaper advertisement they finally gave me the lunch special menu. Later I saw some local people come in and they got the lunch menu right away. I think they tried to trick me because I was a tourist. The food was good though.
4	This little hole in the wall is not really a hole in the wall when you step inside. The dining room is huge and always packed with customers. Tables of 4 and 9 dominate the scene with an army of waiters constantly bringing out freshly prepared authentic Chinese Cuisine. My personal favorite is the Whole Crispy Garlic Chicken. It is chopped to perfection and served with fresh blanched scallions (my mouth is watering as I write this review). Yet another lesson learned by "don't judge a book by its cover."
3	Eeeeeeh. More like 2.5 stars. We came in late one night and it seemed like we got rushed out the door by the staff and the sub par Chinese food. The duck was super greasy not crispy. The pork chops were soooooooo salty that I felt my blood pressure rise as I was eating it, way too much MSG. The seafood soup was too bland. I shall give this place another chance by coming here at a decent time.
4	It looks kinda shabby from the outside but man, what an illusion!Our party ordered...-- 2 lobsters-- eggplant dish-- bean sprouts dish-- crispy fish-- chicken and pork dish-- "Ma pa tofu" OMG I LOVE THISand all were absolutely DELICIOUS
1	The food's not bad. The service lacks though. The last time I went there, I ordered lobster only to not get it until I mentioned I shouldn't be charged for it at the end. And then the guy complained about not being tipped enough but why am I tipping for the lobster portion of the meal if I never got the chance to eat it?Yeah, I haven't been back since then.
4	Best chinese in town. Will write more detailed review later but favorite dishes off the top of my head...String Beans w/ X.O. Sauce, Roast Duck, Sea Bass hot pot, salt and pepper shrimp, cold chicken in ginger sauce.
5	Best authentic Chinese food in town I've found without a single doubt! I found out about this "hidden gem" through word of mouth from my Asian co-workers. And, think about it, who better to know the best Chinese food? =) I eat here way too often. LOLI almost always do take-out, and the portions are large. Everything is always cooked to perfection. I've never once been disappointed with the quality of any dish I ordered which can be rare at any restaurants.I love everything from the Chinese Broccoli w/ garlic, (try Ong Choy w/ garlic "Chinese spinach" when in season!!!), green beans w/ garlic and pork, salt and pepper shrimp without shell, hong kong style chow mein with extra crispy noodles(you have to specify that), Singapore noodles, salt and pepper pork chops, house fried rice, fried tofu, and the list could go on.  My ultimate favorite restaurant PERIOD!The only complaints I would ever have is the fishtank at the entrance which houses some freaky, dead looking fish wigs me out every time. But, it's a culture difference. Also, I'm such a regular, but I am always treated as if I were a stranger. I see the same two fellows. But there's not an ounce of recognition which makes me feel a little disheartened. It could be language barrier, but a smile would be nice, or a "Welcome back." Not the freindliest guys for sure. The service is standard. But who cares about that sensitive crud when the food is like heaven on Earth, right?!Cuz seriously I'm there at least 3 times a month for the past few years. I wish they stayed open later than 2am as well. I get off work at 1am, and sometimes have to settle for the "lessers" like Cathay House and Joyful House which are second to KJ!
5	I totally agree with the other Yelpers!  It is the best authentic Chinese food in Vegas.  Prices are decent too.   Our uncle that lives in Vegas brought us here.We started out with some free house soup.  Was very good.  Then we had a fried quail.  Pretty tasty.  It needed to be just a tad more crispy, then it would have been perfect.Next up was some string beans stir fried with minced pork.  Flavor was wonderful, homey and not very salty.After that we had some stirfried veggies.  That was good too.  There was actually asparagus in there too!  Rarely do you find that in a chinese restaurant.We didn't order any meat dishes, but we did get some seabass.  They cut it in chunks, lightly battered and fried.  Then it's cooked together with some tofu and veggies in the clay pot.  Very tasty!They also gave us free house dessert.  It was green bean with tapioca sweet soup.  Yes, sounds nasty but it's pretty good!  Will definitely go back with friends & family the next time we're back in Vegas.
5	When a Chinese restaurant is crowded with 99% Chinese customers, you can expect good, authentic Chinese cuisine.KJ's Kitchen is one of my all time faves.  Here are my two cents on the more classic and unconventional items on the menu:Jellyfish appetizer - My husband loves this.  Fresh and crisp with the right combination of sweetness and tart. although I still dont know if this is really jellyfish or some type of seaweed??Steamed minced pork with salted egg - steamed pork does not sound very appetizing but this dish is full of flavor.  The salted egg on top gives it a nice kick in the mouth with a grainy texture.Salt n Pepper Sea Bass - everyone knows you can put salt n pepper to pretty much everything.  You could never go wrong with the classic pork chops, calamari n shrimp but I must tell you that the Sea Bass has the perfect crunchiness on the outside and buttery inside.Pan Fried Noodles HK style - I prefer this just with the noodles and chinese brocolli.  The gravy-type sauce is subtle with al dente noodles.  A great substitute for rice!  It is the HK version of garlic noodles :)XO String Beans - the perfect veggie match for deep fried protein.   Salty and a little spicy (Correct me if Im wrong but I actually think this has bits of pork or shrimp in it)Deep Fried Flounder - A whole fish for just $5 on their lunch special! Can't get any better than that!So if you are craving for REAL Chinese cuisine, you've come to the right place.  If you are less adventurous, you can stick with PF Chang's ;)
4	I've eaten here many times in the past and the seafood is always consistent. Most of the patrons are Asian so that's a great thing. My palate was craving different food so I ordered Deer with black mushrooms and frog with special house sauce. The deer had a dark sauce with ginger, scallions and large tender black mushrooms - very tasty. I was expecting a gamier flavor but it wasn't present. The frog was deep fried similar to salt and pepper pork chops but the meat was juicy and the bones were small like squab. I've had frog legs before but they were larger and meatier. These frogs must have been scrawny. I would order the deer in the future but I'll stick with the salt and pepper crab or lobster with ginger and scallions instead of Kerrmit the frog.
4	So I always passed this but never quite stopped in. One night a few months ago BF and I had a rental car while his was in the shop. It was a nice night, it was a convertible, so it asked for a drive. This just caught our eye and we rolled in. BF and I shared a Stir Fryed Deer and some seafood chowfun.  So the "deer" was good, but I really don't think it was deer. LOL it tasted like I was having Mongolian Beef for $4 more. Shoot...I was excited that they had odd meats but I couldn't tell the damned difference. Tasty- but that wasn't deer..Chowfun was tasty and we had quite a bit to take home for lunch. I think it's a good late night option and I'm very curious about some of the odd offerings on the menu...sometimes I just feel like some exotic down home Chinese foods. One in particular is the Ox Tail with Red Wine. I had this in Hong Kong and been dying to have some again but I don't ever see it on menus. To be continued....that dish is on my want list.
4	I started off my Vegas adventure by stopping at KJ Kitchen.  What a great way to start off the trip.  The food tastes like what I can get around home.  In fact, it made me feel like I didn't leave home at all. This place opens until 2 AM 7 days a week.  Prices are very reasonable.  Food tastes great.  It is located away from the strip so there is no waiting in line or large crowds.  They offer a 20% off the entire bill late night discount if you dine there 10 PM - 2 AM.  I know because I was there at midnight.  This place kicks Sam Woo's booty (located down the street) in terms of quality of service, taste of the food, and price.  One last and important thing about this place, it has one of the most cleanest restroom that I have ever been to.  It is so clean, they can set up a table and have people eat in there!Go to KJ Kitchen if you are looking for great tasting chinese food in the Vegas area.  Bon Appetit!
5	I am really in love with KJ Kitchen! I only go during dinner time. They serve you a bowl of beef and vegetable broth soup that is so simple tasting but very tasty. And also a sweet bean dessert that blends in the flavors with your after dinner taste to send you off home just right! Everything on the menu is delicious! I love the duck, salt & pepper pork chop, salt & Pepper fried chicken, steamed ginger chicken, Singapore noodles and anything that I have ordered on the menu has not failed me yet! I don't recommend coming for lunch. I tried it once and it wasn't as good as dinner. The chef at KJ Kitchen during dinner is the best!
4	Came in for dinner and ordered the seafood hot pot and Rock Cod with Chinese veggies. Soup was a melon soup and it tasted the way Mom makes it - yummy and satisfying. The seafood hot pot included fried tofu, scallops, shrimp, black mushrooms, fish and calamari. Very good! The Rock Cod with veggies was prepared perfectly, the fish was fresh and veggies were crunchy and not over cooked. Complimentary tapioca peanut soup was served to finish off the meal.
3	I've realized there just aren't any "hole in the wall" chinese restaurants here in Vegas with the same kind of raucous atmosphere and cheap eats back in NYC or SF.  But if I can get preferential treatment without having to speak in Cantonese I'm happy.  Based on first impression the attentiveness already seemed better than at HK Star.   How can I forget the smell the grease on the walls.  Agh!This may not be a fair review since we didn't order any entrees.  Seafood dishes are usually how I measure great cantonese/hk style food.  Me and Andy T. had a late night snack and shared the Salted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice which was good.  I've had this served casserole style and the traditional way and some chinese restaurants don't even have this on their regular menu.  I suppose it's the in-n-out secret menu of fried rice at certain places.Overall, 3 stars for now.  I would come back again because I think if you ordered the right things here, there's room for improvement.
4	Had lunch here today.We had:1. Salt and pepper pork  chops2. Salt and pepper calamari3. Beef crispy Hong Kong  pan fried noodles4. Deep fried tofu w/ shrimp5. Walnut Shrimp6. Roast duck 1/2It was pretty darn good. Our total bill :$58 + tip (for 5 people and 2 kids) The service was OK. I am just happy that the food was better than the last time
1	Absolutely NOT coming here again. The worst Chinese food I've had in a long time. We got the sweet n sour soup - it was neither sweet or sour. No flavor at all! Brother had to doctor it up himself at the table. It didn't work out. Salt/pepper shrimp (no shell) was super salty! The duck tasted overly game-y. Spring rolls had no meat - only cabbage (hello, cheap! and no flavor). Pork fried rice was the only edible thing we got. Service was good - thus one star. Pass on this place. Ridiculous.
3	No A/C in Vegas!!!
2	I ordered the Pan fried noodles (Hong Kong Style) - it was alright. I've had better. Place lacks service.
5	Non-Chinese people might hate this place.  Ya, I said it.  Deal.The place is legit, and worth driving the extra mile.  All 10 dishes we ordered were spot-on.  Even the lai tong (free soup) was good - it's usually just salty dish water at other places.We had current and former Chinese chefs, as well as (FOB China & HK) Chinese people at the table btw.Comparable to Monterey Park places in quality, taste, and even price.  Surprising.
5	All I gotta say is.....YUMMY IN MY TUMMY!!!!!!  =)
5	I went to KJ Kitchen last night and was blown away. Until my friends showed up, there were no white people in this restaurant, which says a lot. ;) We ordered a ton of dishes and they were all exceptional. The usual suspects, like Kung Pao Chicken, were amazing, but so was the lobster, the sweet 'n sour pork chops, shrimp fried rice and spicy, fried soy bean.Like one reviewer noted before, this restaurant is on a par with those of Singapore, which is high praise indeed. Real, authentic Chinese in Las Vegas, your better believe it! :P
4	We usually come here for late-night cravings. (They close at 2:00am).  I love the duck, and the price is pretty good.  The crispy pan-fried noodles are bomb, too.  I wouldn't suggest coming here alone because they give really big portions and you probably won't finish it.  Come with friends and share the dishes.They give you hot tea as the default drink so you should ask for water if you want.  The rice is good and has a good consistency.  Also, they give this red bean soup that's pretty good as a complimentary dessert.  Either that or fortune cookies.  Hopefully next time we go there, they give both.  I will definitely come again! ^_^
2	First of all, let me start by prefacing that I am an authentic Hong Kong Chinese living in the San Francisco Bay Area where there is a lot of quality Chinese restaurants. So my expectation may be different from a lot of Las Vegas locals. Average 4 stars? Where did that come from? The food here is mediocre at best  - in fact it would be considered bad quality if you are one who's used to San Francisco area restaurants, but I assume there's just not much reasonable Chinese food there in Vegas - though I have to say I am disappointed as there seem to be a lot of Chinese restaurants as I drive around so I would think that there's some competition - it really got me wonder if the other Chinese restaurants are even edible.For example, the boiled chicken we got was a disaster. I have never seen boiled chicken that stale, and it's obviously microwaved, with a 'pool' of yellowish oily water on the plate. Never, ever, had I seen that in any Chinese restaurant in my life. Fried string bean - boy, did they use oil from 10 years old to cook it?Or perhaps we were just unlucky that day. Service is attentive though - the waitress in there really did try her best.
3	What's changed at KJ Kitchen? No longer serving complimentary soup at dinner, prices have increased and many seafood dishes are listed as market price vs actually posting their actual prices. I ordered seafood hot pot and Salt pork chops. The pork chops were greasy and overly salty although the seafood hot pot was decent. The service was fast as usual but the waiters here aren't the friendliness - but then again how many Chinese restaurants are?
4	The place isn't very nice, I would say it's a little "ghetto" but in my opinion those places usually have the best food. Everything that I have tried here, I have liked. Everything is really cheap and the portions are large. I especially like the whole fish, try both fried and steamed. The place gets crowded and noisy so expect to eat with loud noise and a lot of commotion.
2	I'd give it 2.5 stars (if that were available).   It's alright, but don't expect to be blown away.   Dishes were just average.Crispy fried chicken -- fried fresh as it did take a while but alas they overcooked it so it was a bit dryCrispy fried salt and pepper shrimp -- OK, pretty standardStir fried (no, didn't have all deep fried dishes) pea pod chutes with garlic  -- OK, could use a bit more salt and less oilThese 3 dishes = ~$35Service was slow, especially considering the fact the restaurant was rather empty.Decor is very basic - slightly better than your hole in the wall Chinese place.  Unfortunately the fish tanks were most empty except for lobster (which the table next to us had and it looked fine at least -- $8 a pound said the waiter).It's open late which is great, but overall just average.Caveat -- I am a bit picky when it comes to Hong Kong style Chinese food
4	Good authentic Cantonese/mandarin food. The fish fillet was decent and had the "right" flavor. I found the fried rice to be not fully mixed as it was just a "pack" of rice" that was not combined with the other ingredients. The restaurant was clean and the waiters were helpful. They also have a discount on food from 10PM-2AM which is nice if you want some late night Chinese food. Overall, KJ Kitchen is a place to check it if you are craving some Asian food in Vegas.
4	I love the place here. I love how after a certain hour at night, the prices go in half...a restaurant with happy hour prices. But I usually go at regular hours with my husband This chinese restaurant is probably the only chinese restaurant in Vegas that has the closest dining experience to the chinese restaurants that I enjoy in San Francisco.I normally order the green beans with ground pork  cause it's just really good. Try the roasted chicken with scallions and make sure you wanna order the one with crispy skin. I always order these usual two. The menu is pretty good too. I love how they have a chinese version menu also and you just might have to ask which is what sometimes.  Most of all, I always look forward to the free dessert they give you in the end. It's a different dessert everyday and its usually served as a hot dessert soup. My favorite is the red bean soup with the tiny glutinous rice balls, ( like tiny clear boba bubbles ) swimming in my soup. Tastes fabulously delicious.I almost left out the service. These waiters keep an eye on you and they're fast, prompt, and friendly, and constantly checking on you. Just how I like my service in a restaurant. It's probably because of the fact my husband and I been there so much and they remember us being good tippers too. haa =X
5	To me, this restaurant serves as-close-as-you-can-get authentic Cantonese food. It used to be Food Express, but when the chef moved over to KJ Kitchen, all of his patrons switched allegiances. It has the normal, busy atmosphere that many traditional Chinese restaurants have and is quite reminiscent of a true Hong Kong establishment. The food is cheap, good, not too greasy, and just right every time. I've been to many, many Chinese restaurants such as, Kan's, HK Star, Wendy's, Chang's, Cathay House, Noodle Exchange, Cafe Noodle, Ping Pang Pong, etc., and this place definitely takes the cake. All of the classics are awesome here:Hong Kong style seafood chow meinSalt and pepper shrimpFried tofu with shrimpFu Chow fried riceSalt and pepper porkXO squidGarlic fried crabNot to mention that the service is also excellent. You can be sure that the waiters and waitresses here know how to earn their tips!
3	Wow, with the happy hour pricing we had a feast for under fifty bucks!I went with my boyfriend and our friend. The three of us ordered:- Sea bass and tofu hot/clay pot : Bubbling cauldron with pieces of fish coated in a breading and well-marinated tofu. This was highly recommended and while tasty, became soggy fast and the textures didn't do it for me. There were also random pieces of char siu that struck me as incongruous. - Salt and pepper pork : Kind of like pork nuggets. Juicy, crispy and easy to eat a whole piece in one bite, these disappeared but would've been more memorable with the right sauce. - Scrambled eggs with char siu : One of my favorites from the meal. The eggs were well cooked and had nice little bits of char siu- some of the pieces of pork were burnt, which ruined the creaminess from the eggs- Half roast duck : Lots of bony pieces, but the meat was juicy and the skin had a nice crackle to it. The dipping sauce was great!- Steamed dumplings : Just ok. Our whole meal, including a large bowl of free soup and a huge bowl of rice, came out to $46 or so. Awesome!Overall the food was better than the average americanized chinese, but I wasn't magically transported to Hong Kong or anything. It came out fast but we were the only people there.There was a lone, sad looking geoduck in a tank near the door. Some of their other seafood looked nice but the prices aren't listed.
4	Delicious Wor Wonton Soup!
5	so.. for all of you who love Chinese.. well this place is probably the best in las vegas area.. Its pretty much as good as it gets for chinese food in Vegas, but it compares to the places that are well known, such as places in LA and such.. From what I hear the cook was originally from a popular restaurant in LA and he moved here to cook for KJ kitchen, and for asian cuisine its not really about how presentation, but how the food tastes, and chinese cuisine is very hard to master where there is a general agreement that it is good..This place is usally always packed, if youre not in by 7pm and do not have a reservation try on a different day because this place fills up quick.Suggestions,-Walnut Shrimp-Lobster-Fried Crab-Fried Oysters-Roasted Duck-And some white sea bass..mmm so go try some real chinese sea food!! its the best in town. Its a bit pricey but you get what you pay for.. and thats the damn truth
4	I've been here many times and the food is good.  I've tried different items including the lobster, salt and pepper squid, bitter melon with pork, sizzling satay beef platter, fish... etc.  The stuff here is authentic.  This place even has my dad's seal of approval, and trust me, that says a lot.  My dad is from Hong Kong and he loves to complain at every Chinese restaurant he eats at because it does not measure up to the food back in Hong Kong.   Well, he surprisingly did not complain at KJ when I took him there. The service here can be crap though, so if you have a hard time dealing with subpar service, proceed with caution.  Especially if you are not Asian.  I've been here a few times with Caucasian friends and noticed differential treatment.  They don't give non-Asians at the table chopsticks; you have to ask for them. Also, the servers sometimes seem angry when you ask them for something.  Example: Me: Excuse me, can I have some water?  (in a very polite manner)Waiter: *Gives a dirty look and walks away.  Comes back a few minutes later with the water*It may sound kind of awful, but I'm used to rudeness at Chinese restaurants and can overlook it if the food is good.
5	We are now addicted to rock fish. The first bite leaves your mouth swimming in a silky fish in a light soy sauce.  Ok so we ate 5 hours ago and are jonesing for more. On a more traditional tasteChow fun noodles with black beans sauce and beef. Or the salt and pepper pork chops. Wonder how they will reheat!!
4	This would be the chinese hang out. The food quality and price are the reasonable but the service is so- so.
5	It's been a week and everyday one of us brings up gleeking over the rockfish!  Omg I could eat a whole one myselfanother week has gone by! I forgot to upload off the iphone.  So now 2 weeks and we are dyinggggggggggggggg for rockfish! and only their rockfish. I tried cooking this myself and blew it! and I can cook steamed fish!
4	KJ KITCHEN, has reallllyyy yummy food! some dishes that my family loves to order are: deep pan fried noodles, fried chicken with duck sauce, wonton soup, salt pepper shrimp, fried shrimp tofu, &walnut shrimp. all taste delish! and their food comes out fast but their service aint all that. countless times we asked for more water and napkins, and it took forever! but i forgive them for that bc they were soo busy during mother's day dinner. the seating is very close to one another and wish i was able to push my chair back without hitting the other party that surrounded us.
5	Listen to Howard T on this one.  It's dang good Chinese food.  The Pan Fried Crab was delicious.  I normally don't care to dig in with my hands with crab, but I couldn't help it.  I also loved the black pepper beef (I think that's what it was) and the cod with soy sauce.  Service wasn't too bad, and there was a celebrity sighting there: one of the waiters looked like Bruce Lee.
4	Service was great. The place stays open until 3am which is great for Las Vegas.The service staff was friendly and prompt.We ordered 7 different dishes which all came out at the same time hot and tasty.I removed 1 star because I didn't care for their deep fry batter that was used on the deep fried oysters. Aside from that everything else was great. Our group was in town for Memorial weekend and we actually enjoyed two meals here. We will definitely be back the next time we are in town.
4	Come at lunch.. there are so many $5.95 specials to try.  Went for the first time for lunch and was impressed.  Being from San Francisco, the place gave me a Noreiga ; avenues chinese restaurant vibe.  If you're from The City you'd understand.  The XOXO Green Beans were bomb; the Hong Kong Style Noodles were great;  gravylicious just like I like and the Salt and Pepper Pork Chops were juicy and crispy and not too oily .  The portions are kinda small so be prepared to order extra if you like to eat.  The place was pretty clean by chinese restaurant standards and they provide large glasses of water which was appreciated.  Will deinately be back!
4	Went with a large family group. The food was excellent. We ordered the rock cod sweet/sour, egg drop soup, noodles, shrimp, kung pao chicken, spicy eggplant, veg fried rice etc. Will like to go again.
5	This places lives up to the best even when compared to the SGV.  Good stuff!I still crave the meal here sometimes.
5	Excellent quality food at a good price.  This is a more authentic Chinese restaurant so don't expect Panda!  I have been coming here for years...the food is just that good to keep coming back.Their salt and pepper dishes are awesome.  They have fresh seafood, so if you order shrimp, crab, fish...they pull it out of the tank and cook to order.  Go for the salt and pepper crab or prawns, or both... you'll love it.I have yet to be disappointed.  Probably my favorite Chinese cuisine!
4	If you've never been to a real Chinese restaurant before (and no, panda, pf chang, etc. do not count) then take a moment before you walk in...  You're going to need to change your perspective.  This place is the real deal for Chinese food.  I'm from the LA area, and this place seriously reminded me of countless places on Valley blvd or Atlantic (LA ppl, you know what I'm talking about).  So once you've reset your attitude and expectations, then you can really enjoy this place.  Good food at good prices!  The bigger the group the better.  Eat family style and order one thing from each category on the menu: stone pot, sizzling, soup, tofu, etc.  A side of rice and you're set!!Oh, and one last thing, the service is supposed to be that way, it really is.  You should be worried if it's not!  It's just part of the package deal, not good, not bad...it is what it is.
3	4 stars for the food2 stars for the service3.5 stars overallTypical Chinese restaurant service especially for a "holiday." We came here for Father's Day dinner with a large party of 12. We were seated right away and this was around 615. People just started to pile in after that and we were lucky that we got the last big table as there seemed to be a wait. We ordered the usual Chinese items. peking duck, salt and pepper porkchops, veggies, chow fun, chow mein, shrimp with scramble eggs, etc. Food was  pretty good and you can pay by credit card not this CASH only thing. I hated how they really tried to rush us out. We weren't even really done with our meal and they were trying to clear out our table. If it wasn't for that then this place would have gotten 4 stars. Overall, its a decent Chinese restaurant but their service needs some help. I know we will be back.
1	Ok a one star is pretty hard for me to write but geez.  First off this is chinatown?  Maybe I'm spoiled from being from SoCal and having our own chinatown or even just towns where asians have naturally gravitated to have built their own unofficial chinatowns.  Either way it's not their fault but you can easily drive past this place without even knowing you just went through chinatown.Either way I ordered my normal choices of food and the food was barely edible.  I normally can dust off just about anything and never really leave left over especially when it comes to chinese food.  There is something about chinese food where all it takes is a couple sips of hot tea and you are ready to stuff your face still.  I really don't want to go on a laundry list of bad things but really nothing tasted like chinese food.  Even the batter used on the fried items is nothing like I've had before and was more like something you would put on fried chicken.When you walk in the door it's not like you have the highest hopes initially anyways since the fish are dead in the tank when you walk in.  Those that think this is authentic chinese food, you've been stuck in vegas too long.
4	Good food for a good price, we had shrimps, fried rice, pan fried noodle, fried fish, soup. The waiter named Minh was very friendly and helpful. If you ask him what he recommends, he will give you a good advice.
5	This is definitely the best Cantonese food in Las Vegas..  Before I thought Food Express was good, but KJ Kitchen blew me away!  Firstly, it is a lot cleaner and has a better interior.  Secondly and most importantly, the food is top notch.  They give you a "lai tong" free soup as long as you ask for it and a "tong shui" sweet desert soup at the end.  The deer with bean thread noodles was silky and succulent.  This place is always packed with Chinese locals and big groups, so get there early.
4	One of my many goals moving to Vegas include finding the best places in the area to eat Asian food...next stop Cantonese cuisine!  Briefing through the trusty yelp.com, I simply typed "chinese" and the one that caught my eye was KJ Kitchen.  As I read reviews, certain phrases caught my attention like "authentic" or "Best Cantonese" and even "coming from socal, it's as good as it gets," I was keen on driving 20 minutes to dine here.  As we entered the restaurant, it really is your typical chinese restaurant, waiter/waitresses were all chinese, and a few other ethnicities, and we were quickly seated and given menus.  Now you may read on some other reviews that the SERVICE WAS HORRIBLE...oh please....they just don't understand CHINESE CULTURE! lol.  I'm being serious.  The people here aren't being rude, it is just a way we, the Chinese peeps, do things and run a business.  If you feel that service was bad at KJ, try dining in China....haha.  Personally, I felt the service was great! Well then again, my family and I speak the language. =P  The waitress that helped us was informative and took our order down and the food came out fast...now THAT'S considered good service at a Chinese restaurant! ;-)  Food was delicious and flavorful.  It really was authentic like all the other positive reviews said!  Some of my favorite dishes that I enjoyed were:***Salt and Pepper Pork Chops**** Black Pepper Steak* Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice* House Style Pan Fried NoodlesThere were many other dishes to try, but I am saving that for another family feast here!  On a side note, you KNOW it is a good restaurant when the place is packed with it's own people! haha.  Check it out!  It will be worth it. =)
5	been driving past this restaurant for a couple of years now, always making a note to try it sometime, but never actually making it until a couple of days ago. we were headed for the filipino restaurant a few doors down but they were packed and im hungry so i said to hubby, let's try kj since we're here already. it was during lunch so we got the lunch menu. prices are affordable. can't believe that we could get the fried rock cod for $5.95, so we just had to try it, salt and pepper pork chops were so good, its hubby's new favorite restaurant. service is typical of chinese restaurants so im not complaining, guess im used to it. definitely would come back as the food here is as good as our favorite chinese resto in sfo.
4	To be perfectly honest, having Chinese food in Las Vegas came with very low expectations.  I read how this place is authentic and how it was comparable to SGV's (in socal) Chinese food... and we were not feelin' burgers or steak, so Chinese food for us.So, again, I had low expectations.  I come in, and the tanks are full of half dead or totally dead fish.  Uh oh... what have I walked into...?We were seated, and great, 12pm, lunch specials!  Yay.Fried flounder.  F* ya!  Reading certain Yelp reviews, we also got the roasted pork chops.  We ordered the shrimp with scrambled eggs, the spare ribs with honey and squid with black bean sauce.The fried flounder was bomb.  Crispy and perfectly fried so the outter bone lining is edible like a chip.  The sauce that came with it was great.  Light and not overly salty.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u3nwislXMKKwkpHAXAArbQ?select=mWe7Et6gUzFNusdATZ30VAThe roasted salt and pepper pork chops did not disappoint.  Albeit small chunks of pork chops, but incredibly tasty and juicy.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u3nwislXMKKwkpHAXAArbQ?select=1owGBowQhKOePJVkTu9urAThe squid with black bean sauce... good.  Squid was not overcooked... but a bit greasy.  A tad salty as well.  Great to spoon over your rice!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/u3nwislXMKKwkpHAXAArbQ?select=SQH6DCZEwUGbgVNoKWDrbAThe scrambled eggs with shrimp... pretty much what you'd expect lol.  I don't really need to say much about it.  It was cooked fine.All in all, a perfectly acceptable Chinese restaurant to go to in Las Vegas...  If you're craving Chinese, come here.  Why not.
4	Great food bad service.  Gets really busy fast and not much parking.
3	The food is good but a lil' pricey, however the restaurant is open until 2am; so that's very convenient.  The service can be better but I'm used to Chinese restaurants, they all kinda have an attitude. You must try their deep fried tofu ~ it's delicious.
4	If you want authentic chinese this is the place.  You won't be disappointed.  It's usually always crammed, especially since the restaurant itself is relatively small... but they have an extensive menu to make up for it.  Plus the wait is never too bad... usually 20 mins tops on weekends.  Service is ok, but the food makes up for it.  Try the green beans in XO sauce, you can't go wrong.  For a chinese restaurant in so called 'Chinatown' this place is great!
4	Eating at a Chinese restaurant when you come all the way from Cali to Vegas is random right? I thought so too, but it turned out that one of my cousins just moved there and since we were in town (to gamble...lol) they decided to treat us out at KJ Kitchen.The outside of the restaurant needs a serious face lift to match it's amazing food. I can't name all the dishes we ate, but it doesn't matter because I'm sure anything you order from here will be delicious! Their crab fried rice was, hands down, the best fried rice I've ever eaten. Sorry mom :p And their lobster was also very tasty and they have forks ready for people like me who are chopstick challenged.The only iffy thing about this place was the fish tank full of dead-looking fish... and it's placed right in front so you can see it when you walk through the doors. Hope that doesn't scare you away though because their food is awesome!
4	KJ Kitchen is THE place for authentic Chinese in Vegas.I am super picky when it comes to Chinese food because 1) I am Chinese and 2) I'm from the Bay Area where they have the best Chinese Food.  KJ isn't a 5 star restaurant but almost never will a "real" Chinese restaurant be.  Don't expect to be waited on hand and food because that's just not how it works.  However, the restaurant is comfortable and the food is extremely good.  The food is authentic (No orange chicken here!), and it's really what Chinese people eat.  Everything is always the perfect temperature and flavor is on par.    Some things to try: Manila clams with basil, salt and peppered pork chops, stir fried vegetable (of the day) with garlic, and black peppered steak on a sizzling plate.If you really want authentic Chinese, this is the place to go.  KJ is the only place we go for our "family dinner" since they've opened.  P.S.  If you're of a part of 6 (or maybe 8), they offer a complementary half-chicken.  I will say that I have had better, but it's free so who can really complain.
4	My nail tech referred me to KJs this morning so I dragged my better half and his friend for lunch. Esthetically from the outside-- not impressive but don't be fooled. Good service and delicious food! Highly recommend the salt and pepper pork chops, BBQ duck, BBQ pork fried rice and chow fun! We'll be back soon and family friendly as well as for big parties!
3	I have to agree that this place is the most authentic place in Vegas (I'm Chinese). I have been here many times because my parents like to eat here. And sometimes my relatives will have a little family gathering in here too.The food is always good, most of them that i have tried are great, and I certainly want to come back here if I'm taking my friends out for Chinese food.One little thing is that, the eggplant hot pot, it tasted like maggi sauce. I like maggi, but not when it's that strong.however... the service wasn't too good...I know I  shouldn't expect much from a Chinese place, especially a Cantonese place(Cantonese is not really a 'polite' language), but I do expect the waiter to be a little bit more polite than usual... He was really rude... I have never have any problem with service when I came here before, but only that one visit, and it made me not wanna go back again.I'm sorry, but if I have a choice, I won't come back here, ever since that visit.Other than that, food is great :) just make sure that waiter doesn't take your order.
4	The indisputable place to go in Vegas in order to get your Cantonese cravings (excluding dim sum) fulfilled.Went here on a Sunday evening and there was a line of Chinese folks filed outside the door both when our group arrived and as we were leaving.   This is always a good sign since discriminating palates of Cantonese cuisine are very much attuned to a dish's "wok hay", which is a transient flavor that a dish can only encapsulate for the first few minutes after the dish leaves the hot scalding wok and arrives at your table.  With the constant turnover, dishes are constantly being plated and are forced to be rushed over to the tables to keep the lines moving.  My first trip here we ordered the following.Clams with mint- kind of a misnomer since the mint is actually Thai basil, but this was a definite home run.  Clams were large and fresh, perfectly cooked, and seasonings well-balanced with Thai basil, soy, ginger, and garlic.  Another clear sign of a good dish is when one is almost tempted to take home the sauce after all the clams have been consumed just to top over leftover rice (someone in our group seriously thought long and hard about this but ultimately felt too shameful in the end)Salt and pepper squid-  a Canton staple (I've heard the pork and shrimp variations are also exquisite), don't let the name fool you since this is more like crack-salt and crack-pepper squid.  Calimari is a poor man's version of this dish as far as I am concerned, since the tempura-like batter just barely drapes around the tender pieces of squid, and one can regulate added bursts of flavor by picking up pieces of jalapeno peppers and garlic with each wondrous bite.   Seafood clay pot with tofu-  not particularly mindblowing, but a solid dish that provides flavorful pieces of fish, and pan-fried soft tofu, along with some napa cabbage, shrimp, and squid in a flavorful gravy.  The pieces are a bit large and not evenly distributed, and I have definitely had better renditions of this dish, so will likely not be placing this one on future rotations.  Will likely try to mix it up with some non-seafood offerings next trip (including salt-pepper pork, cantonese fried noodles, and perhaps one of the beef dishes served on a fajita-like plate tableside).  Prices are definitely reasonable for quantity of food, unless you are choosing a seafood dish at "market price" (what insanely expensive market are they shopping at?!)Definitely a place to pacify Asian parents and snobby Chinese foodies from San Fran or LA, so if you don't fall under either category, you know it's going to be pretty damn good.   Have to warn you that the service can be a little apathetic and inconsistent, but as long as the food is consistently delivered with wok hay, I'm willing to let some things slide!
3	Finally got to try a Chinese place in Chinatown and it was pretty good. The honey walnut shrimp was passable, not great... but I probably still could've used another order of it because it went quickly with so many people at the table. The BBQ duck was excellent. Mongolian beef was pretty good, and so was that pickled dish of cold cuts and gelatinous stuff (sorry, wasn't there when they ordered it). Chicken was a little dry but otherwise okay. I would rather have had good honey walnut shrimp and decent chicken so I'm bringing the rating down the bit.But yeah, you can bring people here safely, just watch out for $30 minimum per credit card when splitting the bill.
2	overall the food was OK. the mongolian beef was good, kung pow chicken ok, roasted chicken, good flavoring but very very dry. HOWEVER both times they messed up my order (butchered) never gave me 4 of the soups i was supposed to get and gave me the wrong sides multiple times. (after telling them multiple times) there completely incompetent. i can see what others meant by the servers being rude....on the food note again, the pork fried rice both times was complete mush and unedible, just absolutely vile. the eggrolls were a gressy uneatable soggy flavorless mess.
4	Been here several times and the food great.  Service is also friendly which can be rare with asian restaurants.  My advice, bring a lot of friends so you can order a wide variety of dishes.  Again, the food is delicious!
4	This place is always busy, which is a good sign. Some of the dishes are really good - spicy string beans/aromatic chicken with soy sauce/ bbq duck.  However, their service is not what they are known for. Also, their portions are a bit on the stingy side.  My family recently ordered their black bean fish filet.  The flavoring was good, but the fish was not fresh and there was very little fish/ there was more onions and green bellpepper then fish.  We were dissapointed with the garlic snow pea shoot, which was about $12/ plate because the snow peas shoots were too old. A month ago, we wanted to order two types of tofu.  The waiter didn't even bother to tell us that what we ordered will look exactly the same - fried tofu on a glass plate with pumpkin on top & fried tofu with ChoiSum vege.  The tofu was dissapointing (if you like tofu, try the homemade tofu at the Cathyhouse instead).Anyway, I don't think management really cares about the quality of their dishes since they business is so good.YK
3	My bro swears by this place and every time they go to LV, they always make a pit-stop to KJ Kitchen. I never knew LV had a Chinatown. LV's Chinatown is different - it's actually CLEAN!This is a pretty big restaurant and a lot of people frequent this establishment. I saw a lot of Chinese patrons eating here which is definitely a good sign.Our party ordered the following:-Shrimp with Lobster Sauce ($12)-Sweet and Sour Pork ($8)-Lo-Mein House Special ($9)-Beef with Chinese Broccoli ($8)The food was descent for the prices. I did find the food to be super greasy. I needed to drink a lot of water and green tea to coat the stomach. The portions were generous and we had leftovers, which we couldn't bring with us. Service was good and attentive, and by the time we left, there was a line out the door. This place was far from the strip. So if you feel like local Asian food, come to Chinatown.
4	Whenever I'm home in Vegas, my family always gets together at KJ Kitchen. The fare can get pretty heavy/rich so keep that in mind. The service is always attentive, although the etiquette can be a bit abrupt at times. We always order something along the lines of the following: -Seafood soup or hot and sour soup-Tofu with Chinese broccoli-Salt-pepper pork chop or salt-pepper squid (this is one of my favorite dishes in the entire world, and this is my #1 place to get it). Why? Fried to perfection, thin batter, seasoned perfectly, and best of all - they include the leggies (and I love the leggies). -XO string beans-House chicken -Steamed fish (seasonal)They also offer a bunch of great lunch specials. The restaurant is always busy in the evenings, so be prepared especially if coming with a larger party.
5	SO DELICIOUS! I can't wait to go tomorrow for their lunch special!  It's like $5/dish and my favoriteeeees are black pepper shredded beef and xo green beans .. oh my they are SO yummmy .. i'm getting hungry just thinking about it!  I think this is the best place for authentic chinese dishes in Vegas!
4	I love going to KJ kitchen, better after 10 pm u get 20% off the bill!!  Seafood Clay Pot!!  Beef Chow Fun,dry style!! Alot moa ono Food!!
4	i like their crabmeat with fish maw soup
5	Good authentic Chinese food, reasonable prices and portions. Service is good for a Chinese restaurant whose clientele is mostly Asian. I recommend the clay pots and the salt and pepper pork chops. I hear the XO green string beans are good too.
4	My family loves KJ Kitchen! We love to get the fried flounder, pan friend noodles, peking duck, salt & pepper pork chop, tofu & more. The food is good, but the service is not the greatest at all. They were quite slow in refilling our waters and giving us our check. We wouldn't have minded if they were busy, but we went during a time frame where our party of 4 was only 1 of maybe 3 or 4 tables. The place was practically empty.We will always go back to KJ despite the occasional slow service, because we love the food and we're loyal to this bomb chinese spot.
4	I was brought here by my Chinese friend and his parents for an impromptu dinner. There were a lot of Chinese families and couples in there and it appeared at one point I was the only non-Chinese in the restaurant excluding the Mexican waiter. This is a good thing to see -  along with waitstaff wearing bow ties.Eventually, other diners arrived who were non-Chinese so they must have received the memo.This is by far one of my favorite Chinese restaurants and I've eaten Chinese in Hong Kong and San Francisco. With a very extensive menu, KJs has something to delight everyone on your party.I asked my friend's mother about a few signs written in Chinese characters that were posted in the dinning area. She told me it said 20% off between the hours of 10pm and 2am. So next time you are in Vegas, forgo the steak dinner with the boys and hit up KJs in the Chinatown section of LV. You will feast on some of the most authentic Chinese fare and save a ton of money for the slots.Cheap, authentic and great portions.
4	Delicious and authentic Chinese food! It took us about 30 minutes to find this place the first time, and every time it's PACKED with people. It's rumored to be the best Chinese restaurant in Vegas. I must say, everything tastes delicious! Prices are a bit on the expensive side, and portions are smaller than your typical dish at a Chinese restaurant, but the food is seriously good! Service is quite nice, despite how busy they are. They gave us everything we needed and helped make our table bigger without us asking. The servers seem to always be busy walking around, so they won't notice you that easily. If we ever plan on going to Vegas again and we're craving for Chinese food, we'll definitely come back to KJ Kitchen for dinner! I recommend their: Sweet and Sour BeefSeafood Chow FunSnow Pea Shoots
3	This is our second time eating at this restaurant.  Although it has been a while since we first ate here, from what I remembered, the food a couple of years ago was really good.  Everything was very tasty and the portion size was reasonable.  When we ate here this time the restaurant was still busy, but the service wasn't as speedy as the first time.  The portion size have been reduced significantly and the dishes weren't as tasty this time around.   Salt and pepper pork chops The batter on the pork chops were a little on the soggy side and the pork itself was chewy.  Not a good combination, although the taste was okay. Stir fried Chinese broccoliThe broccoli was a little too firm for my liking. Stewed Oxtail in red wine sauceThe oxtail could have been cooked a little longer.  Taste was okay. Crispy Fried ChickenThe chicken was not as juicy as it could be, but not a bad attempt at this dish.   Overall 3 stars, one star taken away from the smaller portions and another star taken away for the overall taste of the dishes.
5	This restaurant just opened inside of the Rio!   It is open 7 days a week, 10a-5a.  I always have my Chinese friend order everything, so I don't know the name of the dish, but everything was as good as the one on Spring Mountain.
5	My go-to place for Chinese food here in Las Vegas. Used to be Food Express on Decatur but since the chefs all moved here, well, you get it.We come here almost once a week since my mom loves the garlic salt and pepper (Bei Fung Tong) crab not to be mistaken for the salt and pepper crab (which is also good). The ginger and scallions lobster is good too! As of course is the fresh steamed fish with soy sauce.If you like fish, for less than approximately 1/7 of the price of the fresh (swimming) fish, order the sea bass tofu clay pot. The fish is lightly fried and stewed in clay pot. This is my favorite dish. My other new discovery thanks to my less adventurous nephew is the fried chicken. Mmmm...fried chicken.They offer a lot of specials known only to locals, like cheaper lobster between 3-5pm and late night happy hour on food. You also get a free steamed chicken if you order the crab and have more than 4 people eating.
1	I have dined at KJ many times and have enjoyed their great food and reasonable prices. However, my last (and final) trip there was quite an unpleasant experience. We arrived at 7 PM and were seated pretty quickly within 10 minutes. Our server came by promptly and took our order of about 10 dishes, including appetizer soup and entrees. And then we waited.....I checked with the server on our order at 20 minutes, 30 minutes, 40 minutes, and 50 minutes. We were getting the "it's coming" and "they know" run-around answer. He even dared to say "it's the new computer system we have, you just have to wait." At over one hour since we ordered, I finally asked for the supervisor. She actually went to the kitchen (unlike the server) and had our rushed. At 8:15 PM, we finally received our appetizer. We were never given an explanation or even a simple apology. Unfortunately, the good food and cheap prices does not compensate for the horrible staff at this restaurant. I will never go to this restaurant again.
1	This was the second time I have been here and I just forgot how bad it really was. The main reason why so many people come here is they have various lunch and late night specials. The food has always been so so. I will promise you I will never come back. There are so many other places to go that have better food at the same prices. What really made my blood boil was the service was absolutely horrible. Dropping plates of food and just turning away. Let's just say not once did they ask if everything was ok or even if we wanted anything to drink. We tried various times to flag someone down to get a drink order. When they noticed, they brought over the bill so we could get the hell out. It is just not worth talking about anymore.
4	One of the spots i frequent especially after hours. They have a special 20% discount after 12:00am. Usually get the chow mein and the pork chops. Yummy. ^^
5	Ah man, doesn't get better than KJ's Kitchen for authentic Hong Kong style dishes. What else can you ask for, reasonably priced food, great taste, and real Hong Kong style atmosphere (which means loud, noisy, somewhat good service). If you are looking for a Pei Wei, P.F. Changs type restaurant this is not the place. This is authentic style Chinese. I get the salt and pepper shrimp, clams w/ black bean sauce, and the Mongolian beef. Hmmm....salivating as I write this.
4	KJK on Spring Mountain is an excellent Chinese restaurant, very popular among Asians and smart, well-informed westerners, for its tasty Cantonese cuisine! - NO dimsum at this location,  however, for that you can go to its NEW, sister branch in Rio.We had our local Chinese friends to thank for telling us about this nice little restaurant a few years back.  We like it a lot and have been going there for a number of years, for its quite authentic Cantonese cuisine. Although it has changed chefs and management a couple of times, and its prices have gone up a little -the quality of food remains high! Do not expect fancy decor, nor great services at this location, which are adequate - just go there for their tasty, reasonably priced dishes. Oh, it does have table clothes at dinner time. KJK is actually a lot like those "regular" restaurants in Hong Kong, where local people frequent - for their high quality of food , and NOT for the fancy decor or service typical of "high-end" restaurants.  Yes, KJK is well-known to visitors from Los Angeles and local Asians and their westerner friends in Vegas.Quick TIP:- Best way to enjoy your dinner is to go with a party of 2 or more, and try out several dishes, e.g., Scallion Chinese Fried Chicken; Lightly fried, Sea Bass; Egg Plants Pot; Mixed Seafood Pot...  A dinner dish runs between $8 to $15+, NOT cheap, but reasonable.- For dinner, get there before 6pm to avoid long waiting time.Peterskis Mar 2012
5	Man what can I say, KJ's is great.the food is delicious!! Gets a little crowded at times but well worth the wait.salt and pepper pork chops my favorite.When in Vegas check this place out.
4	Was in the mood for some Chinese cuisine. This place is suggested. She calls to see if they have hot pot on the menu. The lady on the line goes, "We got hot pot! What chu want!?!" On the way...We get an assorted vege dish,a seafood soup dish, and No hot pot, but clay pot.  The vege dish had a lite sauce to it with lots of shrooms.  The seafood soup was exactly what I was looking for. Lite base with all the makings. We get the braised sea bass in clay pot (this is the winner yallz), The sea bass in clay pot was my favorite. Chunks of fried tofu and mushrooms drenched in sauce. This one stood out the most out of the three dishes that we got. BRAISE ME WITH YOUR KICK HIS ASS SEABASS SAUCE K.J.!!!This place definitely scratches that Chinese cuisine itch whenever it arises. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
3	Was not all the impressed by their dishes.  The one dish that stood out was the fried oysters. The XO string bean and fried rice were mediocre. Their seafood looked very good unfortunately they had run out of rock fish cod.
4	This is a local's favorite Chinese seafood restaurant located in the outskirts of Vegas Chinatown.  It's in a strip mall close to McDonald's and KFC about a mile past Decatur on Spring Mountain Road (which was how we were told by the Chinese dealer who recommended it).  The decor is no nonsense, with crowded tables placed next to each other and a fish tank full of lobster, crab, and some fish.  We noticed they do offer bbq duck as well but none were out on display so they're either hanging in the kitchen or from somewhere else.We were quickly seated but weren't given menus for another 5 minutes and had to flag down someone and ask.  Not sure if this was an oversight or if they didn't have enough menus, but we didn't notice anywhere to pick them up ourselves except for the takeout ones.  We ordered the house crab (per the dealer recommendation), the fried flounder for $5.95, and the pepper beef.  Wait, let me reiterate that - a whole fresh fried or steamed, meaty delicious flounder for $6 in the middle of the desert for under $6.  Win!!!!  The crab was excellent and inexpensive (I think it was about $15), similar to anything you'd find in Alhambra. It came out fast and was surprisingly moist and very crunchy.The food turned out to be right on the mark, just as the dealer said.  The only thing was that we didn't get any soup, which was posted on the lunch menu that we ordered from.  It wasn't a big deal, though, and we never asked about it.  The place was clean and somewhat busy especially for a late afternoon and so far away from the main Chinatown area.  I would definitely come back next time, it's a great find!  Service, however, was a little slow to refill out water and get us our menus.  There was only about 2 waiters working and 1 busboy I think for the whole place during lunch so it's understandable.
4	I consider this place the chinese food standard for vegas here. I've been coming here a while, and I never realized I didn't review this place yet. My good food staples are the clams with black bean sauce, salt and pepper shrimp or porkchop, whichever you are in the mood for, beef chow fun (the fat noodles made dry style), Green beans with XO sauce which gives a nice little spice, chinese beef stew with turnip, and the tofu stuffed with shrimp paste. No charge for white rice, unlike on the strip! For dinner, they give house soup and house dessert with your meal.There are other items on the menu that are more adventurous such as frog leg clay pot, lamb stew, and other items that I can't read and wouldn't ever dream of ordering, but I'm glad I tried them when I went with the boyfriend's relatives. Typical chinese restaurant where the service does not discriminate and therefore kinda sucks whether you are chinese or not.
4	Purpose of the visit: group wanted to eat some some goo, efficient and inexpensive seafood. Was told the lobster Cantonese style dish was the one to order. Our party of 12 was easily accommodated at two tables. The salted pork chops were a nice size and crunchy. The lobster Cantonese style did not disappoint. Fried noodles with seafood was decent. We ordered a lot of seafood dishes but that is what you are there  for. Very tasty and reasonable.
4	Some of the food was amazing!The fried chicken - amazing!  The oxtail with red wine - the sauce was amazing but there was practically no meat on the bones... Fried rice and noodle were all good. I was with my girls and they could not believe they didn't have orange chicken on the menu... I have come to not expect good service anywhere in Chinatown.  The cultural/language barrier is just something that doesn't mean bad - I think it is just different.  This would be a good place to go with a group of friends and order a bunch of different items.The fish tanks with the pathetic sea creatures was interesting.  Do they prepare the dead fish just floating there??? I don't think I would feature this in the front of a restaurant.  It is far from appetizing.Anyways - I like this place. Reasonable prices and authentic style Chinese...
5	This is my family's all time favorite Chinese restaurant. Good inexpensive food. We've been going here since we moved 10 years ago.During lunch, they have several options for their lunch specials. For $6, deep fried or steamed whole flounder is one of the great steals. Salt and pepper pork chops is one of my favorites too.So if your searching for a good authentic Chinese food, I recommend KJ.
5	Delicious, inexpensive chinese food.  I'm definitely trying the crabs and lobsters when I return.  Their mongolian beef was really good with just the right amount of spiciness.  The porkchop with spicy salt was very addictive and the ong choy was cooked to perfection.
4	Being born and raise (at least almost the first 11 years of my life and being back in HK every year since then) in Hong Kong, KJ Kitchen is the most authentic Canton food in Las Vegas.  Awesome food at a great price!  What more can you ask for?!
2	Terrible, awful, rude service. Don't bother asking general questions about the food. The waiter seemed annoyed when I asked how many lbs is the lobster and how much per pound. Just two questions about the food. I'm sorry I want to know how many lbs and don't want a surprise bill. He didn't tell me the price so I ordered something else. WTF? Doesn't a restaurant want their customers to order one of the market price entrees? I guess not. While I was ordering, he seemed annoyed, snooty (lol, ok Mr. waiter) and rushed me while taking my order. I know I shouldn't expect much from a Chinese restaurant but there are other Chinese restaurants with decent service. The food was average. I'm glad I didn't get impressed with their food. Yup. I would NOT come back.
4	Between this and HK Star, this is the default restaurant my parents take me to every time they want to eat out. In fact, I even remember when it first opened, it was a small dim sum restaurant! That didn't work out so well, so then it changed owners and/or management and became the KJ Kitchen we all know and love today.  It's authentic Hong Kong cuisine at great prices, especially their lunch specials. I've never had a dish i didn't like at KJ, but here's a list of my favorites:-Salted fish and diced chicken fried rice-Pan fried noodle with shredded pork-Seafood with bean curd clay-pot-Salt and pepper pork chops-Salt and pepper squid-Deep fried flounderGreat for lunch and dinner, the only downside is the size of the place. During the lunch and dinner rush, every table is full so you might have to wait, especially large groups. And don't even get me started on the parking lot, it's tiny!
3	It was authentic, although a bit over spiced. Service level was low to average, food quality and quantity was good. Overall it was a miss, but I went at closing (9:30p), so I might try it again next trip.
5	First of all, I think it may be new management or owners, because the dining floor was completely dead compared to before.  We came in a little later in the night, but it still used to be packed all the time.I also noticed they stopped posting up the menu and specials on the walls...Anyways, this is still very solid authentic Chinese food.  My friend that does not eat chinese food at all, asked for Orange Chicken since it wasn't on the menu lol.  The waiter replied that they could make something for her, and it came out pretty well....she was a fan.I always go with salt and pepper shrimp or crab when I am here, and it was still good.  Went with a few other dishes like a sizzling eggplant and beef, pork fried rice, eggplant, and a few others.A bonus though, we got there right at 10pm and was surprised to see a discount on the tab...20% I believeOne of the best authentic chinese places you will find IMO...give it a shot if you are nearby
2	So this place ALWAYS pops up whenever I do a "Best Match" search on Yelp from work.  Enough that I could no longer ignore it, though I have a crazy admission to make, something I just realized over the last several weeks....  I dont know if I really LIKE Chinese food.  This is especially shocking when you consider my mom is Taiwanese which makes me half and that I grew up on eating a lot of it *and love, and still eat to this day, but there's something about the majority of Chinese restaurants I go to that I rarely find myself enjoying the food.  Meanwhile I'm obsessed with Thai and Indian restaurants, which makes me think it's all about the spices for me at the moment, and ultimately the flavors at Chinese restaurants I've been to as of late just haven't been matching up.So there I was in the Zia Records parking lot, finally deciding to take the plunge on KJ Kitchen and do some take out.  When I try a new place like this, and particularly when they have relatively cheap prices like KJs lunch specials, I like to experiment a bit (plus let's be honest, too much food is never a problem).  I went with the oft mentioned steamed flounder lunch special and the salt and pepper pork chops lunch special.   I was told 15 minutes and showed up maybe 12 minutes after.   The process for picking up the food was a little disorganized.  The man at the counter asked me to repeat my order, and if I didn't know any better I don't think the food had been put in to be prepared yet.   Also I asked for an Iced Tea over the phone and he said "okay" and when I got there I was asked if I wanted coke, sprite, or something else.   Iced tea wasnt an option?   I saw some Nestle bottled water and said I'll take one of those, and he told me I couldnt have one?   At this point I'm not sure if even he knew what was happening.   So I told them forget the drink, and I sat down and waited for the food which seemed like it took about 10 minutes from the time I entered.   Nothing too major, but definitely not the efficient machine I've come to expect from some of my favorite take out joints.  By the way, after I tipped $3 after paying, he did eventually hand me a bottle of water.  Not sure if the tip had anything to do with it or if he went against some sort of unwritten rule about giving out bottled water for takeout.   (shrug)The flounder was interesting to take back to the office for takeout, which is something I honestly didn't consider when ordering.  I will say it was all packaged up professionally and I had no incidents which was appreciated.  The flounder and pork chops were in their own separate containers naturally, and there was a third container PILED with white rice.  They must have figured that this was going to a small family or something with the amount that was provided.  Nope, just the big white guy.  I was a little disappointed that there was no soup, egg roll or fried rice that was mentioned in the menu as coming with the lunch specials.  Perhaps it says dine in only or maybe the logistics aren't reasonable for this, but the fact of the matter is:  NONE of it was provided with my takeout.  The flounder was definitely a steal at 6.95 for the amount you get, but flavor-wise I thought it was a bit bland.  I don't think I'd order it again.   The Salt and Pepper Pork chops were really nice.  A little greasy but not too much, and I thought they were perfectly seasoned.  Much better than say the version from Food Express I tried several weeks ago.  With the food I'd say KJ earned a 2.5/3, but with the oddness surrounding the takeout experience I round down to a 2.  I will say that while I sat and waited I saw several really nice plates of food passing me by that have me considering that with the right order you can get some really amazing meals here.   Or perhaps dining in is the way to go and not take-out.  OR perhaps I'm forever cursed with the idea that no one can top my mom's chinese fare.
3	Came here because fellow elite Emmagelle B. and Ryan M. are regulars here claiming it's their favorite place to get their Chinese food fix. Myself +2 came on a Monday around 2pm. Upon walking in I immediately notice it is a tad smaller compared to the other popular joints in town.  It wasn't busy at all because there were 2 tables with customers, which worked in our favor because our food came out within 10-15 minutes. We ordered batchoy, some type of crispy house special noodle, sauteed shrimp, fried flounder, and salt and pepper pork chop. The batchoy was kind of whatever wish we would of ordered a tastier vegetable dish, the noodles were good, but I was not in awe, sauteed shrimp was accompanied with onions and green peppers, but the onions made up 75% of the dish and the dish overall was okay. Fried flounder was crisp, but another "okay" taste as well. And most places don't mess up salt and pepper pork chop. Food was between okay and good, but I have definitely had better. On the plus side the service was good for a Chinese place because our server Jing gave us all our needs. I hate to mention their competitor on here, but HK Star will still be my spot for getting my Chinese fix on. Thank you!
3	Main course was not good however the pot stickers were to die for. I will try again and order something different to see if it was a one tme thing
5	Terrific chinese food. Evrything is fresh. Service is good.  My favorite in Las Vegas.Prices are quite reasonable.  Love the Chow Fun, and Walnut chicken, along with pot stickers.
5	Had dinner last night at this place. Food was excellent and service was quick, efficient. We had salt and pepper squid, salt and pepper port, sea food tofu claypot, and satay beef, all excellent.
4	Christmas day.  Vegas Yelper Angela H and I were meeting for lunch.  We both like anything Asian and the first place we tried took 10 minutes to park only to find out it was an hour wait.  Mind you we are doing this in different cars coming from opposite directions and I only sort of know the area.  So I drove right by the place looking on the wrong side of the street.  We ended up meeting and leaving both cars at Walgreens as were were only 2 doors away.  There is a reason Asian restaurants are open on Christmas, Asians want to go out to eat.  The lobby was full but because there were only two of us instead of a family of 6 or more like most of the groups we were seated in less than 15 minutes.We ordered potstickers, Kung Pao chicken and crispy noodles with shrimp.  The portions were large and with the exception of not much spicy heat in the Kung Pao they were very well prepared. After we were done eating Angela took home at least half of what was served.  Understandably it took the kitchen a while to get our orders up.  In spite of the place being packed with a waiting line most of the time we were there we never felt rushed.  And after all the food the bill was very reasonable.  Overall one of the better Chinese restaurants I have been to.
2	Went to KJ on Christmas eve at about 5 p.m. and there was an hour's wait already!  We decided to wait 'cos it would be the same every where in Chinatown and we read so many good review on Yelp.We finally got our table and ordered our food.  The house soup came first (this is free).  It was your usual pork bone soup with carrots and winter melon.  Refreshing.  We ordered Green Beans with minced pork (good), Steamed Flounder with ginger and garlic soya sauce (quite good), Oxtail (could be braised longer), Beef with mushrooms (different types of mushrooms - quite tasty).  Service was attentive.  It sure was hard to eat when people are in the lineup staring at you and waiting for you to finish that last morsel in your bowl so that they can take our table.  I've had better Chinese food.
4	this is a very good and authentic cantonese seafood restaurant in las vegas.  no reservations are taken and it can get extremely crowded during weekend dinner hour.  some must trys include the yang chow fried rice, beef satay, fried tofu stuffed with ground meat and salt and pepper ribs.  they also throw in a nice soup for free to start with all orders, consisting of a clear broth and a few chunks of pork and winter melon.  service is curt, prices are reasonable.  the parking lot is an adventure.
5	Products: Great variety of dishes compared to other similar places around.  Everything we had tried in this place had been Great. Service: Most of the servers are nice and friendly. Never had issues with any of them. A lot of times you have to wait because they are often very busy. Price: Compared to other similar places in the area, the price is very cheap (well, depending on what you order).  Every time I am surprised how much the bill is, i expected a lot more on the bill. Overall: The food is Great, the prices is Great, the service is good.  Reservation is recommended if you are going during busy hours.
4	Discount after 10pm which is great for me =) I eat late.
4	A cheap, authentic Cantonese Chinese restaurant.  Food was yummy. Service was fast and efficient but the servers are indifferent at best - typical for an authentic Chinese restaurant in my experience.  Also, probably best to come with people who speak and read Chinese, if you can.  There is a sign on the wall that the menu is 20% off between 10pm and 2am.  But it is written in Chinese!  If you want the 20% off, I would assume you could just point to the sign on the north wall near the hallway to the restrooms.
5	I came here on Chinese New Year Day, the whole restaurant was fully packed. That's one way to prove how good and authentic the food is ! Luckily we made a reservation so the table is ready as soon as we were there. One thing I do have to point out in regard of the service is that there is no hostess stand by the entrance so in order to get a table, I pretty much walked inside the restaurant and got someone's attention to look up the reservation for me. But again this is not a restaurant in a casino on the strip so customer service might be a little bit off , plus it is Chinese New Year, everybody working was super busy. A server came to the table within minutes after we all sat down and handed us menus. Each of us ordered an entree and we shared just like the way it is in traditional chinese dinner. Everybody's favourite is marinated pork belly which was actually recommended by the server. Homemade chicken in Claypot is everybody's least favourite as the chicken has too many bones. Chinese broccoli is yummy as well as the string beans and beef stir fry. The dinner comes with complimentary seasonal Cantonese Soup and White Rice so unless you are ordering any shark fin or chicken corn soup, they will give you a big bowl of soup and you can refill as many times as you want. At the end of the dinner, the server also gives us complimentary sweet red bean soup as desert. I am not sure if you get desert if it is not a holiday but it is surely yummy ! After all we enjoyed the meal and had a good time. Being someone came straight from Guangzhou, China, I will say this is one of the most authentic chinese restaurant off the strip (cantonese style) with moderate pricing. We will definitely come back !
5	We ordered the lobster, a seafood soup, Chinese vegetables and a fried fish with tofu. All was great. Portions are generous. The service was prompt and nice most of the servers speak little English but not a biggie.
5	With so many different chinese restaurants to pick from on Spring Mountain, let me go into a few reasons why KJ's is a step above from your average chinese experience.KJs is simple.  KJs doesn't try to lure you in with cheap gimmicks or flashy neon lights (we get plenty of that on the strip) or advertisements. From the exterior to the interior it is pretty plain which is fine for me because it's their food that convinces you to keep coming back.Right off the bat, they give you and your party a bowl of hot jasmine tea while you sip and decide what to order from their extensive menu ranging from clay pots to the standard meat selection to shark fin.My all time favorites from this restaurant are their crispy salt and pepper pork chops (crispy not soggy), their black peppered beef (more on the peppery side obviously but the beef is very tender) and their hong kong style crispy noodles. However; their marinated crispy chicken was actually very dry so i wouldn't recommend ordering it.The staff is very friendly despite some language barriers.  They are pretty attentive at refilling rice bowls and beverages.  If you do decide on what to order, usually you'll have to provide some direct eye contact to let them know that you're ready.  They accept all credit cards EXCEPT for Discover.  They also will tell you that for credit cards there must be a minimum of $20 but if you just say you don't have any other way of paying, they'll just charge you normally.At the end, they provide a sweet red bean soup as dessert.Overall this restaurant is extremely affordable and very delicious.  Food is great, service is fast and attentive and open late (till 2AM).***NOTE: On their wall there is a sign that say something in chinese with 10PM-2AM.  What that sign means is that between those hours, there is a 20% discount off the total bill.  If you receive the bill and notice that a discount isn't applied; simply inform them of the sign and they will re-adjust the price for you :).
4	Late night dining is a great value at KJ. When I was working swing shift, my friend from work and I would come here for a bite after getting out. The 20% discount might not seem like that big of a deal since most Asian restaurants run the $4-$5 plates at this time of night. The quality of the dishes are not compromised here. Instead of hacking down the price drastically, they just make their existing plates more reasonable.We got the soft tofu, bitter greens, and egg soup. It was good. I wasn't much into soup that night and only had a bowl. The vegetables in it was my favorite part, yet the strong flavor is not for everyone. The yellow skinned chicken is what they are known for. It is delicious. Between that and the intestine hot pot with preserved vegetables were my favorite items of the night. The chicken was a nice contrast in temperature compared to the hot pot. It was nice to change between bites to cool down or warm up. Dipping it in the ginger sauce or their house made XO was the way to go. I try not to eat too much late at night, but even I could not stop myself from picking out the slightly sour vegetables and pig intestines. The broth was delicious as well and there was nothing left by the end of the meal. We had also got the salt and pepper shrimp with the heads still attached. They were piping hot and came out crispy on the outside while the meat stayed tender. My friend ate up most of that dish. It might not be dirt cheap eats, but at least it was quality.
4	The staff is a hit or miss which is awesome for a Chinese restaurant! Most recently I had a nice female server who returned often and was very sweet. The complimentary bitter melon soup is delicious to start.I'm a big fan of their honey walnut shrimp and their crispy pan fried egg noodles is my favorite in town.The seating is very close to each other. The pricing is average for non Americanized Chinese food around china town.
4	The food tastes delicious. Service was crazy good. Prices are reasonable. There are a LOT of choices along the Spring Mountain corridor in Vegas and this is one that should not be missed.
4	Gisteravond na de overweldigende reviews op Yelp hier gegeten. Goed, maar geen 5*.Lief wilde per se een Pekingeend en ik wilde absoluut niet nogmaals bij Pearl eten. Eerder een zeer teleurstellende ervaring gehad. Maar dat is voor een andere review.Lief had zogezegd de Pekingeend, ik de beef with asperagus and black pepper. Vooraf - weer ingestonken - pot stickers en fried shrimp. Zeg maar iets met ogen en maag. Way to much. Dat moeten we echt niet meer doen.Waarom geen 5 sterren? Eten was goed, uitstekend zelf, maar de service miste een beetje. Het was een drukke doordeweekse avond en mijn lief had eigenlijk de hele eend op tafel verwacht. Maar in plaats daarvan kwam er zonder overleg eerst de buns met het vel en pas na 10 minuten de rest van de eend. Minpuntje. We zijn weliswaar toeristen, maar willen liever niet ook zo behandeld worden.Verder uitstekend, en zeer betaalbaar. Was aangenaam verrast. Heb voor het eerst een doggy bag gevraagd. Zojuist de potstickers opgewarmd en ook dan nog steeds heerlijk.....Als je in Vegas bent: doen. KJ's Kitchen wordt zeker toegevoegd aan onze standaard to-do-list. Naast The Omelet House (Charleston), The Naked Fish, Craftsteak en Il Fornaio.
5	We have been here twice last week and ordered at 11pm (10pm-2am) a 20% discount applies & 7pm. salt & pepper pork chops, black bean seafood chow fun, XO sauce green beans, honey walnut shrimp, seafood hong kong fried noodle, sizzling eggplant. All were excellent.  The staff was very friendly both visits. This is one of my favorite chinese food restaurant in vegas.
2	Review for mandarin pork chop, lunch menu and service. Mandarin pork chop is ok but not anything special. Got there 10 minutes before lunch special ends and was told its closed. Service was poor.
5	The best chinese restaurant in VEGAS!!! When I'm in the mood for good chinese food or have company visiting from out of town, this is my go to spot. The service here is OK, typical asian resaurant lolz  but the food is yummmmmmmy!!       I was here last week with the family, I Ordered the mandarin pork chop for the kids, geez they killed it haha it was that good! For myself I had cold jellyfish with hot sauce on top( yummy) and fried pork intestine for appetizer, it was very delicious. And for themain course I ordered half roast duck, salt n pepper crab, steam red rock cod fish and west lake soup. Every item we ordered was cook perfectly in fact there was no left over to take home haha. I've been following kj kitchen for over a decade when the owner use to own a similar restaurant call FOOD EXPRESS in north las vegas until he branch out and open KJ in chinatown. I prefer coming to kj during the weekday cause weekends can be very hectic here and especially holidays, I hate waiting no matter how great the food are.
5	Fresh seafood ! Complimentary soup is a plus! Yummy
3	lots of good Chinese food in Vegas and KJ Kitchen is right up there.  started with spring rolls.  they were light and crispy and full of flavor.  I also tried the pot-stickers.  they were plump and full of pork but lacked some flavor.  they would have benefitted from some green onion and ginger and a complimentary sauce.  we also shared the crispy noodles with shrimp.  very nice dish.  we also had the mandarin pork chop.  it was excellent.  just be sure you have extra napkins.  finally, we had the chicken with crispy skin.  it was my favorite dish.  one of my dinner companions felt it was a little too salty but I thought it was delightful.  lots of flavor with crispy skin and juicy chicken.  not an easy thing to accomplish.  the beer could have been colder.
1	Their vegetables were not fresh and very old. The green vegetables looks yellow. But I think its ok if they have a good service. but when u have a check, they will automatically charge your 20% tips, so ridiculous. If u go there, double check the invoice.
5	It is the best authentic chinese restaurant in Las Vegas.  I have tried other restaurants but none of them served food as good and as authentic as KJ.  Now everytime I go to Las Vegas, I always go to KJ for dinner.  Service is always very good and very friendly.  I love live seafood.  One tip though - call them in advance to find out whether they have certain kind of seafood you like because their seafood like fish, crabs and lobsters are sold out very fast.
5	This place is just absolutely fantastic.  This is by far the number one Chinese restaurant that i go to in Chinatown, and that is saying something.  With all the competitions and big names out in sin city, this classic gem is the place to go for Chinese food.First of all They close at 2 am, perfect for my coworkers and I to get a late night meal after work. They have a wide variety of  food, from the run of the mill to very exotic bites.  The prices are fantastic and the service is quick and easy.  Last week I took my friends there and we ordered Mongolian beef, jelly fish, salt and pepper squid, kung poq chicken, hong kong style noodles, pork chow mein, half of a bbq duck and walnut shrimp.  Everything came out quickly and nice and hot.  Hands down the best Chinese food you will get in vegas.
4	My family came here to have dinner with a family friend living in Las Vegas. This place located off the strip and past chinatown. When we got here, there was a long line outside waiting to be seated. I was told they gave free soup and half a chicken with your dinner. Along with complimentary dessert soup. Could by why they are pretty popular with the asian crowd. We also ordered 5 other items.Jelly fish & squid with XO sauce: this dish was interesting. My mom's friend ordered this because she wanted to know what jellyfish tasted like stir fried. I would probably not order this again. It tasted okay, but it has some weird textures.Clam with chinese basil: this dish was pretty good. I've never had clams cooked with basil before but basil goes very well with this dish. Recommended =]Honey Walnut Shrimp: this is usually my all time favorite dish at chinese restaurants, so I had to order it. I'm glad I did, I loved it. There was enough of the mayo sauce on the shrimp and it tasted great. The walnuts on the plate were also very good. Also recommend this dish! =] Probably my favorite plate of the night.Sweet and Sour Pork Chop: this was okay. The sauce was good but I didn't really like how meat was really fatty. I don't really remember what the last dish was called but it was some sort of cucumber stir fry with crab meat. Which ever it was, I would not recommend. It was very forgettable since I can't even remember what the dish was. Service was pretty fast for a chinese restaurant. They came to refill our teapots very quickly. I would probably come back again when I'm in vegas =]
3	Bean Curd Sea Bass and Fried Rice from here is decent. Service HELLA SUCKS here though!
4	Gisteravond na de overweldigende reviews op Yelp hier gegeten. Goed, maar geen 5*.Lief wilde per se een Pekingeend en ik wilde absoluut niet nogmaals bij Pearl eten. Eerder een zeer teleurstellende ervaring gehad. Maar dat is voor een andere review.Lief had zogezegd de Pekingeend, ik de beef with asperagus and black pepper. Vooraf - weer ingestonken - pot stickers en fried shrimp. Zeg maar iets met ogen en maag. Way to much. Dat moeten we echt niet meer doen.Waarom geen 5 sterren? Eten was goed, uitstekend zelf, maar de service miste een beetje. Het was een drukke doordeweekse avond en mijn lief had eigenlijk de hele eend op tafel verwacht. Maar in plaats daarvan kwam er zonder overleg eerst de buns met het vel en pas na 15 minuten de rest van de eend. Minpuntje. Duurde te lang.Verder uitstekend, en zeer betaalbaar. Was aangenaam verrast. Heb voor het eerst een doggy bag gevraagd. Zojuist de potstickers opgewarmd en ook dan nog steeds heerlijk.....Als je in Vegas bent: doen. KJ's Kitchen wordt zeker toegevoegd aan onze standaard to-do-list. Naast The Omelet House (Charleston), The Naked Fish, Hakkasan en Il Fornaio.
5	Best Chinese food around in LV.
5	KJ Kitchen has the BEST chinese food in LV.  i love their chicken chow mein with extra crispy noodles, beef chow fun with black bean sauce & roasted salt and pepper pork chops.  i'm not absolutely sure about this, but i don't think they put MSG because i don't ever have any reactions after eating their food.  it just makes me and my tummy happy :)i wish we had a KJ kitchen in hawaii.
1	Worse service in Las Vegas!!My husband, daughter and I showed up at 1:00 am on our way home.  We were greeted by a Mexican....in a Chinese restaurant.  The other 5 Asians that work there were setting at a table by the kitchen.  I am not exaggerating when I say they STARED at us the entire time.  It was uncomfortable to say the least.  We were all very nicely dressed and polite.  We ordered three appetizers and three drinks.  The spring rolls were brought out to us burned.  I asked them to please bring us some that was not burned.  The waiter was not rude but when he came back he said the kitchen would not remake them and he would take them off of the bill.  The staring continued!   The food was good that wasn't burned which is the only good thing I can say.  The appearance of the restaurant is questionable and the dead fish in the dirty tanks at the entrance should have made us turn around and leave!  After we left we found out the from 10:00 pm - 2:00 am you get 20% off of your bill.....guess what.....we didn't receive that either!  This was the most uncomfortable eating experience I have ever had.  I don't understand the staring for the entire 45 minutes we were there!  We will never go back to this place!
5	This place is 100% a 5-Star place, however, only if you pass this quiz:Chinese food I eat most is:a. Chow Meinb. Fried Ricec. Lemon Chickend. Broccoli Beefe. All above but with brown ricef. Steamed Rock Cod with scallion, oil and soy sauce.If you picked "F", then read on below.  If you picked a-e, then this place will be a THREE-STAR for you and you are better off going to PF Chang, Pei Wei or Panda.For any of you picking "F", you will know this place is pretty darn good and well worth a 5 star.a.  The place - This place is a just the right size. Perhaps 10 -11 tables and also a separated area with two very large banquet tables. I can see this place would be busy at dinners and for lunch it was just right.b.  The service - I know I was in a real cantonese place because of the service. I would have to classify it as indifferent efficiency.  However, that being said, I wanted to order something not on the menu and worked with them and they had it and they asked me if it was the way I liked it. Also it was not too busy.c.  The FOOD -- You know you are in the right place when at the front door is a large fish tank with dozens of rock cod in the tank and also another tank with huge geoduck in it.  Yeah baby.  Let's get ready to rock it.- Rock Cod steamed - This s essentially a key fish in cantonese cuisine, at least in my book.  The rock cod themselves have rather large bones and is perfect to steam. The meat is just the right texture and when you add the scallion, oil and soy sauce, the smell, the taste, the natural sauce, it is absolutely the best.- Bitter Melon with spare ribs in black bean sauce - Now listen here all, you know you are in a great place if they serve bitter melon. How many people would normally order bitter melon.  If this was served at Panda, it would never be sold. but here, my goodness, it was great. The melon was just right, firm, not crunchy. The black bean sauce was just the right amount ant the ribs were cut to about an inch or so and was perfect!  When I first moved to LV, I could not find this at any Chinese restaurant so I learned how to make it and at KJ, I love it!- Steamed Chicken with Scallion and Ginger - Now I did not see this on their menu, and they had similar items that were fried, but I needed mine the authentic steamed method. I asked the waitress if they had this after I attempted to describe it and she knew exactly what I wanted and they brought it out.  The half chicken order was perfect. Tons of shredded scallion on top of the chicken that had a very thin layer of skin which means, awesome tasting proper chicken baby!  Yep, the best chicken for this is the not so thick and meaty chicken, but the bony rather emaciated chicken that have a wonderful taste. This dish was just perfect and I had to have extra ginger sauce as it was so good. d.  Overall - You know you are in a really authentic Cantonese restaurant when you see the following:- The Shovel Method - Yep, that is right.  You shovel the rice from a bowl into your mouth with chopsticks. You do NOT try to pick the rice up, you are NOT dainty, you are NOT polite.  You SHOVEL the morsels of rice into your mouth.  By the way, no soy sauce on the rice.  When you are eating Cantonese style, you are putting the food in your plate or your rice bowl and the fragrant and tasty juices of the dishes are absorbed by your rice. Much tastier than soy sauce.- The Boney Plates.  Yeah, not "china" plates but BONEY plates. Yep, true Cantonese people love their meats on the bone.  The bonier the better.  You will hear some sucking and some crunching, gnawing and jawing, however, the best visual is a plate piled with bones stripped clean like a piranha attacked it!- Oh yeah, no silverware.  Come on.  How can anyone eat Cantonese with a fork and knife is beyond me.  BTW, isn't it funny to see so many people at other restaurants eating Chinese food on an american style plate trying to use a chopstick?   I use silverware when eating in Chinese restaurants that do not have bowls.  Shovel method.  That is the way to go!GK says, check this place out. If you see someone making a ton of noise and gushing all over the bones on his plate.  Check him out. That could be ME!
2	This is just a review for the deep fried oysters, $15.  Small oysters inside lots of very oily breading.  A little shredded lettuce and tea and rice and salt and that's it.  I think I ordered the wrong thing.
4	So this KJ on Spring Mountain Rd is owned by the same peeps from KJ at Rio.  The place is about the same as med-size restaurant, not suited for Chinese parties.  They have a variety of seafood in their seafood tanks near the entrance.We got here late at night, I guess they do not have any late night specials here either.  The price seems cheaper than their Rio location.  We got some Crab Fish Belly Soup, Egg Tofu, Egg White Bean Sprout, Oyster Pot, Roasted Duck, and Bean Sauce Sea Bass.  The duck was a bit old, probably due to late at night.  Sea Bass tasted excellent and Oyster was delicious.  The Egg Tofu came from a store and they do not claim to be homemade like many places.  Everything else was above average for Vegas.Service was provided by the typical Asian poker face servers, always seems to be mad about something.  Overall, food is about the same as KJ at Rio, price seems to be better here, but location is less convenience if you are staying at the Strip.
5	EXCEPTIONAL SOUTHERN STYLE CHINESE CUISINEThere are plenty of cheap eats in Las Vegas that serves great Chinese comfort  food. However for exceptional culinary excellence at most reasonable prices, there is KJ Kitchen which stands near or at the top. It's been years since my last visit and I had no idea of how popular this restaurant had become with it's LAS Asian residents as well as repeat visitors. The LAS Asian population now exceeds 10% of the two million residents in this valley. A mix of former California residents and overseas Chinese from all over the world.. It was a festive evening with people enjoying their southern style Chinese cuisine in this packed to capacity restaurant.. On this particular evening there was a table of ten red faced joyful diners singing all sorts of songs and ballads in Mandarin.Never had crossed my mind that on a weeknight there would be a wait list for a table for four. Worse for those needing seating of six or more. We were nearly finished with our six course affair when the group of six behind us during our wait finally sat down. The couple with us was essentially new to this level of excellence and style of Chinese cuisine. Perhaps one or two Gringo sweet and sour cornstarch dishes they may have experienced at a Panda Express or entrees served at many of LAS's culturally diverse buffets. Tonight we would introduce them to an epicurean experience and delightfulness that they never would have dreamed. In fact it was so enlightening that they asked for a takeout order of one particular entree to share with their family members waiting at home to hear about this evening's Chinese dinner adventure. I'll point out which entree (photo) they took home to share. I was surprised by the choice and so will you.Yu-go chauffeur's photos of this evening's dinner will more than fill in and complete this review. Oh, one more important item to mention, service was way above average under crazy busy conditions. They more than earned their 20% gratuity.
5	They offer a menu from 11am - 3 pm with a large selection of dishes.We ordered the Flounder in a pan fried style for $6.95, braised bean curd with yui choi $6.95, house special fried noodle $5.95 and string beans in xo sauce $6.95. I thought the dishes would be half sized orders but was surprised with full size portions. The food is a hit in my books a great option to if you want to venture away from the strip.
4	I have eaten here quite a few times but after a long busy summer finally getting to write a review!  This is for the night time menu.If you want authentic cantonese food this is the spot.  Me being the seasoned white girl in any asian situation, I was intimidated but went forth.  As I looked around I saw more and more ethnicities.  This is authentic Chinese food and service, if you want the nice smiling waitress at your beck and call don't come here but if you want great food fast service and hold your glass up for water you go t the right place!  I have been to China and if they are to nice you usually leave because that means the food sucks!  Oxymoron in that one huh?!So the food is great and in large portions the menu is easy to maneuver with pictures and descriptions.  The menu is expansive so I will not waste your time I do however suggest the seasonal veggie no matter what it is, it is always a winner!  They also have the really hard to maneuver menu if you would like to try.  Everything on it is hard core Cantonese and even my father inlaw couldn't remember some... LOL Highly recommend, if you haven't been just study the menu for a bit let it speak to you.  I think you will be happy :)
1	This restaurant is really dissatisfying. The service is really bad. When we first came in, there was nobody see us in the front. When I directly talked to a waiter and get us seated, we again waited for a while to have someone served us. The food was bad, I ordered some frog and was surprised to find they simply fried them. The outside was too oily and the inside has no taste. The red bean soup they provided after the dinner were not fresh with some sour taste, even the too much sugar cannot hide it. We just tasted a little and left them there. I really don't really understand why such bad restaurant can get four stars. Considering the quality vs the price, a bunch of restaurants in bay area are much more better.
2	Went here for late Christmas Eve dinner (10:30pm). The food service and delivery time are not good.   Also, there late night food price is pretty high too
5	I love this chinese restaurant! I usually get Fried or Mandarin Pork Chop and compare to different chinese restaurant, this place has more flavor. Eventhough the parking is usually packed, I would still come in and enjoy my dinner at this fine establishment. If you are thinking of trying chinese, try this one first before anywhere else. Its cheap and its good! Plus they give you daily soup, choice of cold or boil chicken, and dessert. I would definitely highly recommand this chinese restaurant.
5	We come here all the time. This visit, we ordered the salt & pepper pork chops, half roast duck, beef fried noodle with bok choy, honey walnut prawns. All were excellent at 12 noon on a friday.
4	THE FOOD WAS AMAZING!  service needs work, but I am a FAN!!  fried fish was tasty!  honey walnut shrimp, spicy eggplant, Mongolian beef, chicken snow pea,  ginger clams, seafood soupwhat a feast!!
5	Chinese food at a decent price is very hard to find nowadays in Las Vegas. Maybe you have to be a Vegas Native to know all the nice restaurants. But for those like me who visit Las Vegas from time to time, this is a hidden gem in the heart of Las Vegas. The one thing, they might need to work on is a bigger bathroom and maybe a little re-model inside. But, the food is mamma-mia good! Another few things that might need to be worked on is dessert options, and maybe have Thai Ice Tea or Milk Ice Tea? That would give options for us who just want to drink something other than tea? Yet, this restaurant hasn't steered us wrong yet. I think the favorite dish of mine is the frog legs. My dad loves the beef with bitter melon. All this restaurant needs is to re-vamp itself with some renovations or remodeling. Otherwise, food is great. I would definitely order the frog legs, sweet and sour pork, and steamed rice. Don't order water, order tea! the best thing about a chinese restaurant is its tea. Although they do not serve dim sum, this is definitely a great place if you need some really good Chinese Food. Keep up the good work you guys!
4	I had lunch with my BFF Lily L. and her mother a couple weeks ago. I was really excited to hear that this was her family's favorite Chinese restaurant, not knowing that she makes it a point to dine here every time she's in Vegas!Of course, I left all the ordering to Lily and her mom and they picked their favorites. We had Steamed Fish, Tofu with Bamboo Fungus and Chinese Broccoli, Salt and Pepper Squid, and Steamed Fish in Black Bean Sauce. Everything was really delicious!I'm not sure what type of fish was used in our dishes (the menus are not very descriptive in English and there was a lot of Mandarin flying around), but it may have been catfish and sole according to Lily's mom. They were both tasty and picked up the sauces really well. The S&P squid was not my favorite rendition of this favorite dish, but still tasty. Now, the tofu dish really surprised me. I normally dislike fried tofu because it's dry and just gross, however, this tofu was perfectly fried with an insanely creamy texture inside! That paired with the sauce, Chinese broccoli, and bamboo fungus, major YUM! **Side note: the menu says bamboo, but that's deceiving. It's actually a type of mushroom called Bamboo Fungus. Rich in protein, dietary fiber, and carbohydrates; also used in Chinese medicine (thank you Wikipedia). Very interesting specimen!**During lunch, prices are very, very reasonable. A bargain. Also, if you dine with 4+ people for dinner, you're given a complimentary roasted chicken! If that isn't incentive enough to dine here! The service was just okay. We finished all our food before we received our final dish that was ordered at the same time as the others and forget water refills. They were really overwhelmed and apparently there was only 1-2 cooks with an almost full dining room. Fortunately, the food and prices will bring me back and hopefully they aren't as busy.
4	Super authentic. Fast service. House special soup is a great value. The house chicken plater is really good. Beef and scallion is also money. They also have fresh live seafood tanks. Good prices.
4	KJ Kitchen is a great find.  Will definitely come back.  It's comfort food!  Everybody in the restaurant seemed to be eating happily.  Great sea bass and honey walnut shrimp.  Ask for Jimmy, the waiter.  He was nice and had a glimpse of personality.   Sometimes unusual to have at Asian restaurants.
4	Enjoyed a wonderful banquet of Chinese food with a large Asian group last Saturday. The veggies were cooked to perfection, and all of the dishes had something special to enjoy. My favorite was the spicy eggplant. Will definitely come back!
2	Disappointing. First and foremost the service was extremely poor. We were never asked if we wanted a refill and our glasses sat empty since before the food came out. The table that sat down and ordered 10 minutes after we sat down and ordered had their 4-5 dishes come out long before our 2 dishes. We had Mongolian Beef and Steamed Pork & Salted Fish. The Mongolian Beef was pretty tasteless and came out 10 minutes before the pork. The pork tasted just like spam. The best part of meal was the spring rolls and they were probably frozen from a factory.
4	One of the best Chinese places I've eaten at in Vegas. Definitely tries harder to be nice in terms of decor and cleanliness. Excellent soup of the day, oxtail stew. We tried a bunch of other dishes that were also great tasting and not too greasy.
4	YES! Some of the best Chinese food that I have eaten in Vegas to date. I ate with a friend and we ordered Crispy Chicken with Garlic and Green Onion, Fried oysters, and Honey Walnut Shrimp. All of which were very good and tasty! I love their menu, it tastes authentic and everything that we ordered was cooked fresh and extremely hot! But be forewarned, Chinese food is only good when its really fresh! (I took some home and it tasted weird the next day)The day that I was in the restaurant, me and my friend were some of the only people there--meaning, the service that we received was great!!! Our waitress was friendly and always checking up on us. She was even pretty fast with our bill! I honestly really enjoyed eating here and tasting the ethnicity and flavor of KJ Kitchen! I will definitely be back to see what other delectable and delicious items I can come across!!!
1	Worst Chinese Dining ever, and on my Birthday too, customer service is rude & my appetizer was the last dish to get into the table... 1st and Last time here
4	Found KJ kitchen with  fellow Yelp member's review. It was our first time there and overall the food was simply outstanding! We ordered Pork Belly, Oxtail with red wine and pork chop Cantonese style. All the dishes were delicious including the complimentary soup and dessert! The restaurant was very crowded when we walked in around 7.30pm and we waited for a while for the food to arrive. Still, our overall enjoyment of the food was very positive! Will return but probably either earlier before the dinner crowd or after! Great food that did not disappoint!
4	Teetering on the low end of 4 stars, more like 3.5. I didn't get the hype at all. The place was packed with nothing but Chinese people, good sign I thought. Very average Chinese food if you ask me. The portion control kind of sucked on some dishes, too little meat and too much fillers like veggies. A few dishes were good but nothing stellar. My favorite by far was the deep fried pork chops. Not too bready or fatty, nice portions and great authentic taste. The beef chow fun while tasted good again had way too many sprouts and onions. The place again was packed and very cramped so get ready to be bumped and pushed while you're eating. Las Vegas Chinatown has some really fantastic Asian food, I have yet to have a bad meal there. But KJ Kitchen being the best as people claim? Not even close.
4	TASTEBUD DIVORICEPersonally met Jo Y. for lunch. All I say is that it wasn't a five star experience. Food was average at best while the Singapore mai fun may have been the worst I've ever experienced. Gai lan with oyster sauce was way over cooked and unexceptable for any occasion. I'll say that Panda Express definitely has the edge on K J Kitchen and today's lunch. Btw service was MIA.
5	We were in Las Vegas to visit family and it was our daughter's birthday. We had dinner here for about 15 people. Service was great and food was excellent. It's authentic chinese food. We were sat in two big tables.  Food came out in a timely manner. The place seems to be very busy after 7pm. This is a place we'll come back to.
3	The food was decent. I went there with my parents. The service was a little slow, but the staff was nice. My parents go there often enough and the staff recognizes them.  I had the squid in black bean sauce and the baby bok choy. Hubs and daughter had their usual choice of honey walnut shrimp. My parents ordered the whole steamed fish. It was all decent, but nothing was outstanding.  My parents go there frequently, but I haven't been back yet.
5	Very authentic canto food! Reminds me of the street food vendors in Hong Kong! All three dishes we got were phenomenal! Free delicious soup after you place your order! I would actually pay to get the soup since it's that delicious. I didn't taste much of MSG which is always a plus at Chinese restaurants!
2	Upon reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided to bring my parents here for lunch when we arrived in Vegas the first day - my parents are the type that only likes to eat Asian food - actually Chinese food to be exact and so I was obliged to find a good Chinese place in Vegas. It was about 2pm when I got here and they were still busy so I took it as a good sign.However, it didn't quite live up to what I expected.. I didn't have that high of expectations to begin with since I know we are in Vegas and it's not like they are known for Chinese food...but I didn't expect that poor of quality either.To begin with - the service was okay - I mean I didn't expect much from an Asian place - and they only had like two waitress/waiter and it was busy - so you can imagine that they would forget to bring you things you asked for until you asked about 7-8 times. The food was ehhh - I was kind of disappointed because on their online menu they offered Deer meat but they didn't have that on their menu when we got there - only the ordinary stuff - I really did wanted to try Deer meat with mushroom and sacha sauce but they didn't have any dish that offered deer meat so not sure what that's about.So instead we order three dishes: Salt and pepper fried shrimp, clay pot chicken and pork crispy chow mein noodles. The salt and pepper fried shrimp was small and over-fried. The clay pot chicken - didn't have a lot of chicken and the chicken was chopped up in very little pieces it was difficult to eat - there was more mushrooms than chicken. The only dish I thought was fairly decent was the pork crispy chow mein noodles - but then again it wasn't very crispy - they slathered the sauce all over it so it became soggy instead but at least the flavor was okay.Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.
4	In the last couple of years, as some family members have moved to Vegas, I've been exploring more of the west side of Vegas, away from the strip, and KJ Kitchen is one of those gems hidden in Chinatown. I had tried a number of restaurants in the Vegas Chinatown area and wasn't really impressed, but KJ Kitchen was an exception, and by far the best Chinese food I've had in the area. There's a bit of a wait usually if you come for dinner, but the food is worth it. I've come here a couple of times with big parties and we're always left satisfied. Mainly Chinese customers, and the portions are big and prices reasonable. One of the best things on the menu is the roasted duck. The skin is always crispy and the meat isn't dry at all. In fact, my local friend comes here almost every week and orders the duck. The salt and pepper pork chops, mu shu pork, sitr fried noodles, sichuan style green beans, and a lot of the seafood dishes are always money. I haven't tried everything on the menu but it seems like it's hard to go wrong with anything here.KJ Kitchen isn't the best food I've ever had, and I'm not a local, but it's the best Chinese food I've had in Vegas!
5	We went here for their dim sum this weekend and it was great!  We have been to a lot of dim sum places around town and this by far takes the cake!  They have a good selection and the place is decorated beautifully! They also have a great variety of food and the carts are always coming!This is my permanent go-to dim sum place in Las Vegas~~
4	I always order the Hong Kong style pan fried noodles seafood always good. The salt and pepper crab is must also.  If you like steamed chicken this is the place to get it and I prefer it cold.
5	We were actually looking for dim sum, but after lunch my friends and I were more than thrilled at the fact that we ended up here!! The lunch prices on a Saturday were more than reasonable. We had the salt and pepper pork chops, shrimp chow fun, and Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce and it was all delicious! Next time we come to Vegas this is definitely a destination on our list!!
4	Very good Chinese food for Authentic Cantonese cooking.  Nothing was too salty or MSG-ey.  We ordered ::Braised Pork Belly w/ Pickled Vegetable - very good.  Not too fatty or salty.  Good amount of pork meat to fat.  (although i love more fat, but i know it's bad for me)Oysters w/ Green Scallions in Sizzling Pot - Good.  A big greasy tho.  But very tasty.  Never had a dish like this before, so I liked it.Mixed Seafood w/ Vegetables - Good amount of seafood.  Good!Sauteed Green Beans w/ Minced Pork - Good also.  First dish to be eaten up completely clean.Roast Duck - Not bad.  For a restaurant that doesn't have ducks hanging in the window, it was decent.  A bit fatty, but still good flavor and not too salty.Fish Stomach Soup - Good also.  We started out with this.  Good amount of fish.Sweet n Sour Pork Chops - I love this dish, I always get it everywhere I go.  It's such an ABC americanized dish, but it brings back my childhood memories.  This place made it good.  Not too bready, not too fatty.  Not too sweet. Desert was FREE! - Green bean w/ tapioca.  Good.  Thank you!
4	I love that they are open late - this place is great when you're hungry for Chinese food after hours. Some things we ordered were great and some things were not so great - I'm certain we didn't order all of the right things. It happens...Honey walnut shrimp - it was crispy and smothered in mayo sauce making it ultra creamy. Yet, I think it was missing something. It felt very one noted in the flavor department and I felt overall that it needed more seasoning to bring it all together. It's certainly not the best honey walnut shrimp I've ever had, but it passes as good. 4/5Vegetable egg-rolls - don't try ordering these! I ate one and it tasted like dish water. The filling was extremely sad and there was nothing stuffed inside the rolls except for cabbage and maybe carrots? Whatever it was, it disintegrated from the deep frying, making it barely noticeable and mush. Also the sweet and sour sauce to dip was watery and tasted off. Very disappointing and not worth getting. 1/5The hot and sour soup was excellent! It was the favorite thing we ordered. It came out piping hot and the presentation was lovely - Nice color, texture, and most importantly flavor. It was one of the better hot and sour soups I've had. Comforting and addicting 5/5
3	This place is all about the lunch specials.  Very good deal for the price.  A nice portion that comes out family style to share.Fried Fish:  This is the item to get.  A large whole fish for about $7.  Comes with a ginger and soy sauce.  I think the regular price is something like $24....Crispy and flavorful.Salt & Pepper Shrimp:   Pretty traditional Chinese dish.  Good flavor, the shrimp were rather small but then again, it was a lunch special.Sweet & Sour Pork Chop:  This dish fell flat.  Mostly bones or fat.  Too much breading and too greasy.  Avoid this item.String Beans:  Good dish but was a little more oily than I have seen in the past.
2	We went during their lunch special so it was super busy. They had only three people catering the entire restaurant so service was really subpar.. When we finally flagged someone down to take our order (I'm guessing the owner), the first thing he said to us was "HURRY UP!  HURRY UP!" before we even ordered. Our first dish came with a LONG HAIR chilling on the side of the plate. It was so noticeable that I saw the hair when they were bringing our dish over.  That is just RUDE that they were too lazy to wipe it off. The server watched me pick out the hair and didnt say anything. I was contemplating about taking a picture of the hair but I was afraid they would spit in my food. Nice first impression.  Food was okay but the fried fish was the best deal for $7! This is the only reason it got two stars. Not sure if I will go back yet, but I'm not craving the hair and snow peas combo right now.
2	I had the fried fish.  I's a whole fish, fried crispy and it was decent. We also had shrimp fried rice, which was also decent. Not sure if I would run back considering there are so many other options in this area, but I think it was okay...in a pinch.  In an effort not to sound completely inappropriate I'll say this. I usually go toe "ethnic" places where the people of that particular ethnicity frequent.  The place as pretty busy and we were 1 of 2 tables with non-Asians at the table, so...that, to me, says a lot.  Give it a try, you may enjoy it. I thought it was good.
5	Great lunch specials.  $5.95 with lots of selections.  Mongolian Beef was amazing flavor...one of the best I've ever had!  Complimentary hot tea service.  Decent waiter service for an authenic asian restaurant.  A little bit of a dirty, used feel inside...but the food and price structure for lunch definitely makes it worth the visit.
1	Each year during the last 7 years, we would go to this place for Chinese when we were in town for a trade show.  It's noisy and cramped,  but the food was good and the price was ok. But after this year's experience we've decided they're not worth it.  Their services suck. The waiters/waitresses are typically rude, and worse yet very ineffective.  For two days in a row they somehow managed to lose our phone reservation, and wouldn't accommodate us. Obviously they're clueless that we were returning customers, and there are many other options in Las Vegas.
2	This used to be my go to for all things chinese food but unfortunately this place has really fallen apart.  I went here a few months ago and waited 1 1/2 hours for my food to come out (which it never did).  After 2 hours i got up, told the server who said "sorry you just came at bad time" and I left in absolute disgust.Service: There is none.   All the servers aren't kind at all anymore and I don't feel like a guest.  They treat people like second class citizens instead of welcoming them into their restaurant and ensuring quality experience.Food: Took forever and wasn't able to try it since it never came out.*No more discount after 10pm :(Overall: I won't be coming back.  Chinatown is lined up with chinese restaurants and i found my new go to which will be in my next review so stay tuned!
4	My parents forces me to come here with them everytime I go out with them. It's actually pretty good food, but I am so sick of it because we go here all the time, hence the 4 star.
5	RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE.Very good service. The food was delicous and it was very affordable. The resturant was very clean. This is the best place to get yummy and affordable Chinese food. It was worth every dollar!
5	If you like chinese food, then this is the place for you. They serve family size portions and it wont kill your wallet. This is the only chinese restaurant that i take my family and clients to. Try their crispy chicken its to die for.
1	Not good at all. I had to add soy and spice just to make the Fuk-Jin Seafood fried rice edible. Looked like a $14 TV dinner and had chicken in place of most of the seafood. Strangely the menu didn't mention chicken. I had to ask for the included dessert. I guess I didn't spend enough for my $14 fried rice! I will not be back and you would be wise to try some of the great Chinese restaurants in the area.
4	Loved the Peking Duck, wonderful flavor and they do an excellent table service. I had to ask for napkins and rice both times I've gone, waitstaff is pretty inattentive. Got the Kung Pao Chicken the second time and it gave me a pretty severe case of upset stomach ... but the duck was so good I'd go back. The tea was tasty.What I would consider traditional Chinese atmosphere, they put me next to the water feature when I was dining alone. Incredible amount of white noise, would probably not be good for parties unless you are making some kind of mobster deal.
3	Solid authentic Chinese food- expect to see lots of families dining together at giant tables heaped with giant portions of fresh food, twirling around on lazy susans. Service is not the most attentive but genuine and polite, food is fresh and great.Menu is extensive and a bit more expensive than you might expect- but the quality is the reason why, hence my use of the word authentic. Also, portions are enormous. Many seafood dishes including sea cucumber, lobster, and crab. Some dim sum-like items on the appetizer menu, including my favorite fried shrimp balls, but here they go for larger portions with a justifiably higher price tag (order of 8 for $13).Getting a few dishes to share family-style is the way to go here: Szechuan scallops are stir fried with onions, bell pepper, and bamboo, and is a great dish here. Another favorite is the barbeque duck, which is available at a well-priced $9 for the half order and is served with an amazing sauce.
1	So disappoint... We ordered a live lobster but It turned out to be a dead one. Ruining my taste.
3	Adequate Chinese food and standard Chinese restaurant service; a little brusque, not as. Attentive as you might get in a "nicer" place, but not bad.  I didn't care for the pan fried pot stickers, which were barely fried at all.  You might do better ordering things that aren't American Chinese standards.  Just okay.
4	The BBQ pork fried rice was too Americanized.  But the other items were delicious.  Good dinner deal, comes with soup and rice.
4	The owner of KJ Kitchen in Las Vegas, NV, also own the Chinese Restaurant inside The Rio hotel & casino. I had a yen for wonton soup after driving six hours from Tehachapi; looking for soothing comfort food. The Wor Won Ton was filled with beef, & satisfied but I wish they added some chestnuts (for crispness) and some shrimp & pork. As anAsian kid I remember fondly how great this combo tasted in LA Chinatown. Still, for a restaurant that stays open until 2 am the quality of my soup tasted wonderful. Previously I ate at The Rio & both serve dim sum. The Rio serves dim sum into the evening, KJ Kitchen stops in the afternoon. There is always a higher ratio of Asians to mainstream America. This is my visual test for good Chinese food. Sort of seeing lots of trucks parked in parking lot along I -5 in the boonies. My night waiter was very friendly. His name is "Long" an older gentleman, crew cut. I took an appetizer of salted chicken wings back to my Best Western room. The honey walnut shrimp looked great, FYI. I will be back next time in Vegas.
5	We had a great time,  my favorite was the salt n pepper pork chops. And the price was just right for the 11 people at our table
5	Still the most consistent, affordable, quality, authentic Chinese food in town.  Call ahead for a reservation if you're going to dine during busy hours.. Oh and don't forget about the awesome lunch deals they have Monday-Friday!
3	Service was great and reasonable price.. The location is easy to find. Family oriented restaurant.
