4	I was driving down Spring Mountain on my way home and decided to stop by Lee's for a quick milk tea, when I saw the sign for Fat Dumpling. I had never noticed this place pop up, so stopped in for a quick to go order. They have a small dining area, but they can fit a sizable amount of tables for dine in guests. All the servers were really friendly and I was greeted quickly and politely by two when I walked in. One server told me they had only been open two days, so I was pleasantly surprised by how big a crowd of diners they had attracted. Their menu is extensive. I noticed soup dumplings and got excited, but since I was doing takeout I knew that was a no-go. Next time for sure. I ended up with the pork and cabbage dumplings and a taro slush with boba. My dumplings came out first and were packaged well to go. I had hoped for some sauces or something, but I just used some stuff I had at home to dip them in. My taro slush wasn't amazing. It was a little on the thick side and too sweet. Not my favorite in town, but they have quite a few flavors, so I'd be interested in trying some of their less conventional flavors. I tried some dumplings as soon as I got home and they were good. Lots of meat and pretty flavorful. Not the best I've ever had, but solid and a huge portion for the price. They're a new spot, so I give them the benefit of the doubt and I look forward to trying a few more of their menu items in the future.
5	If you love chinese dumplings you will love this place delicious homemade dumplings a must try
5	Stopped in this morning for a strawberry watermelon smoothie (delicious - fresh fruit and not too sweet) and came back with a friend for lunch,  Super friendly service, simply decorated, but very comfy and clean and food is excellent.  Ordered the beef noodle soup - the bowl is HUGE,  Enough for two huge (we each ordered one!).  Beef was super tender, lots of noodles and broth was some of the best I've eaten with a wonderful combination of mild, fragrant spices.We also ordered the lamb, onion and carrot dumplings and green onion pancakes (excellent).  The dumplings take a while to come out, but its because they're hand made using fresh ingredients - worth the wait!!  Perfectly cooked with lots of filling - an order is 14 dumplings, so a lot of food.  I left with a very full stomach and loads of leftovers!  Lunch (with hot green tea) was $33 and change - amazing price for the quality and amount of food.  They only opened on Tuesday but seem to be doing a brisk business with lots of people coming in for take out (FYI - they have the most extensive smoothie/bubble tea menu I've seen outside of San Francisco Chinatown. Pages of flavor combinations!),  My friend and I are going to definitely become regulars here!
4	The dumplings are their saving grace. One star for each dumpling I ate. Everything else was pretty bad.First off, they ran out of plates. What kind of place runs out of plates?! The waitress gave us little plastic dipping cups instead.... which doesn't help.. Secondly, I don't think they train the staff very well because when we asked for napkins, she gave us 3 pieces.. we had 4 people in our party.. I mean, give us a little more. No need to skimp on paper napkins... And third (which was the worst), they ran out of dumplings! We ordered pork & zucchini which came out right away however, she said they were still making the pork & cabbage. We thought it would be maybe a 15-20min wait... but we ended up sitting there for over an hour. If they were out, she could've told us at the very beginning so we could've chosen a different flavor or just skipped it totally. The four of us ended up cancelling the pork & cabbage ones since we had to leave. Very disappointing. Lucky for them, their dumplings reminded me of the ones my grandma use to make back at home. The skin is hand rolled and chewy just the way I like it. The dumpling is stuffed to the brim with porky goodness and the juices drip off the skin once you bite into it. Dip the dumpling into some vinegar and hot sauce and you have the perfect dumpling. We also ordered some of the apps such as the chicken wings (skip), popcorn chicken (good), and liang ban fen pi (noodles were too long, difficult to mix with the non-existent peanut sauce). Just stuff yourself with dumpling goodness. TIP: Wait a few more weeks for this place to work out some of their kinks before you go or you might not even be able to get the dumplings!
4	Dumplings, dumplings, dumplings! Decided to finally try this place out after a day at CES. So what did we order? The dumplings of course! We ordered the pork, chives, and shrimp dumplings -- which are typically the ones I always eat. I decided to skip on any of the appetizers due to Jennifer's review. However, I did order some xiao long baos (steamed pork soup dumplings) because I was curious and I just had to see how they were.They gave us some spicy and salty peanuts while we waited for our order along with tea and iced water. Then this odd sound came through ...and I'm thinking, "Is she hand chopping the pork?!" Whoa, like whoa. It sounds like it. Anywho, the wait wasn't as bad for me .. maybe a 15 minute wait for the food to come out. The dumplings came out piping hot and fresh! There were 16 of them by the way. And the wrappers they used for the dumplings did NOT look like the typical thin store bought wrappers at all! They were thick and chewy just like how I usually prefer them. So it does seem like the dough is made from scratch by them. I just couldn't wait and I dip a dumpling into some vinegar and start munching! Juicy, warm goodness in my mouth! The flavors were good. It was a great balance between the pork and the chives. Not too bad, not too shabby, and authentic to the bone. But wait, the vinegar is a little bit too sour for my tastes. I think I prefer red vinegar when it comes to eating dumplings. And also, that's when I noticed that my boyfriend is dripping juices everywhere -- dumpling juices! Where are our plates? Where are the soup spoons? Awkward. We end up asking for soup spoons but decided not to bother with the plates. We were eating them too fast anyways.As for the xiao long bao's, skip them please. They were small. They were bad. It had this odd taste to the soup in them that I did not like. The meat was fine but their soup was a no go. The service was good though. Our teas and ice water were almost always filled. They were quite attentive. Though a warning, all of the servers are mando and/or canto speakers so their second language is English. They may have a heavy Chinese accent and may not thoroughly understand your question. Not sure if that's something that people get turned off about but just a little warning. So just gotta be patient :)Great dumplings. Gotta be from the dumpling menu! No to the xiao long bao/steamed pork soup dumplings. Pretty nice service. Think I will come again just for dumplings and maybe try their smoothies and/or milk teas to see how they are. However, one thing is, CASH ONLY currently. They don't even take your card. They told me that their credit card machine isn't in yet so they can't even accept the payment.
3	First time checking out this place... smells little strange when first got in... ordered #2,#27,#18... our pork wasn't well cook... little soggy... dumpling #2... little bit to salty... take yaki #2 not well deep fried... still the server catches us what it went wrong... so service is nice... but food taste... got to be improve^^
4	Some other restaurants skimp out the size of their dumplings but not these guys.I stopped by here after getting some coffee from Lees. Their waitress was very tentative and knows their menu very well. Some of their foods like small dragon bun you have to order first cuz they steam it fresh. I suggest you order one, by the time you're done with your order, its almost done cooking. I ordered their lamb,beef, and pork dumplings, the flavor is definitely different, but I can taste they added some curry flavor to it.for the price and freshness, I'll be back to try some more
3	I have very mixed feelings about Fat Dumpling. On the one hand there are some serious flaws with this restaurant, but on the other they serve some good tasting food that I really like.Firstly, upon entering the restaurant we experienced a very unpleasant odor. You get used to it, but it is very worrisome for the future of this establishment. I'd recommend they figure out what's causing it and get it under control.Secondly, get some control over your service. We experienced some very basic service issues. They were certainly friendly, but you need to give us some plates to eat our food on. They were alllll over the place. I couldn't even tell if the servers were assigned to any particular tables. Some basic training and management would easily take care of that.But in the end the dumplings we had were pretty good. The little basket dumplings, although good, had no soup in them at all. We will go back to give them another try. We hope that they get it together because they are REALLY close to having something super good.
4	Came here during CES 2014. Not bad. We ordered the niu rou mein (beef noodle soup), xiao long bao (Shanghai soup dumplings), and regular dumplings. The niu rou mein and regular dumplings were pretty good. The xiao long bao was just ok (reduce your expectations if you've been to, e.g., Din Tai Fung).
5	This is a great place for Chinese food. I went inside and everything I ate was fantastic( though the only problem was the loud mixer whenever a person orders a smoothie). Something I ate was Xiao long bao which was juicy and soft. The beef noodle soup was fine. Spicy grilled lamb skewer was good ,but set my mouth on fire. Pork and bok choy dumplings were so good that I didn't spare a single one. Over all this Chinese restaurant is a place that you should go to.
3	Fat Dumpling is all about the Lamb Dumpling for me!Had the opportunity to check out Fat Dumpling with a large group of friends.  We shared several items, and as a result we were able to try quite a few items from the large menu.  There wasn't anything here that struck me as below average, but there wasn't much that stood out overly positive to me either.   My favorite dumpling was lamb based...I think it was a blend with other meats as well though.  It was juicy...bite into it and watch it spray over your plate juicy.  In fact with a little practice you could easily cover those sitting around you with a muttonist mist.  Additionally, we partook in Chicken Wings, Karaage Chicken, Takoyaki, , Green onion Pancake, and an assortment of other dumplings...again they were all just okay.  I wouldn't avoid coming here if others were set on it, but I would not seek it out.  They are still new though...maybe things get better.  It was very busy and the staff kept up and was very pleasant.  Everything was very reasonably priced.
3	First, I understand that they carry a variety of boba tea's but it doesn't mean they should't carry any other drinks aside from boba and water. I wanted to order soda but they said they don't carry soda/juice. Some people doesn't like to drink boba tea with their meal. They like to drink it as a dessert or just a snack. Second, I am a bit disappointed that they only have large servings for dumplings. They should at least offer smaller servings so that people who doesn't have that much big of an appetite can try other dumplings too. I would rather get 4 pcs of 5 different dumplings than 1 order of a 14 pc dumpling. The atmosphere is great, very nice servers, and clean environment. I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars only because they just opened a few week ago and they're still trying out the waters otherwise, I would have given them 2 stars. I think they can use a lot of improvements with their menu.
4	I've been dying to try this place ever since I heard about it. Fat Dumpling is located in the same shopping center as Pho Kim Long. They have a small dinning area lit by red Chinese lanterns. The menu is posted on huge boards on the walls and behind the counter. I ordered the pork, chive, and shrimp dumplings--every order comes with 14 pieces. I kinda wish you could mix up your selections but I guess this makes it easier for the kitchen. The server was punctual and attentive.As for the dumplings, they were yummy but nothing spectacular. When they came out on the table they were still steaming--OHHH YEAAH! I was starving so I started scarfing them down, dipping them in a mix of soy sauce and chili oil then Sriracha.  I ended up eating all 14 dumplings and was severely full. I'll definitely be back to try out more.
3	Their dumplings are ok. Their XLB does not any soup in it. Their lamb dumpling is more like pork dumpling then lamp since its not gamey. Their noodle soup is good but need a little salt...best thing there is the fresh fruit smoothie it was delicious.
2	My friends were in town and they wanted something to eat so I decided to pick this place because I haven't tried it yet.We ordered family style for the 6 of is except 1 of my girlfriends is a vegetarian so she ordered her own veggie dumplings.The lady brought out the food and she was confused about what she brought out. She told us one of the plates were a vegetarian dumpling plate so my friend tried it only to spit it out because there was meat!! How rude! How do you not know what you're bringing out!We then proceeded to tell her that they both had meat in it and she was like 'Ohhhh okay.' We were all a bit frustrated because we wanted to wait so we can all eat together.. By the time here came out, our food became cold.The juicy pork dumplings were not the business and the rest were meh. I've had better at small hole in the wall places in vegas.I only enjoyed the chicken wings and the fried dumplings, that's something to enjoy!I'm giving 2 stars because the lady that was making the dumplings actually came out to apologize when our own waitress didn't.
4	Don't really understand some of the poor reviews.....I was skeptical so to play it safe we shared an order of the lamb, carrot, and onion dumplings and an order of the fried chive and dumpling (#17).First off they can't count but in a good way!  They gave us 2 extras but from the looks of the other reviews maybe it's a good strategy to boost word of mouth.  It's working right here!The lamb dumplings were really good - not over powering lamb flavor and overall they tasted very comforting and homey.  These aren't blow your mind out of the park dumplings.  But I'm intrigued to come back to try the pork,chive,shrimp dumping along with many of their vegetable dumplings.  The fried chive was slightly oily but crisp well on one side and heaping with chive and egg. I think I will order this every time.I like the old school pink Mao hats they wear.  Maybe next time I'll walk into a smell of durian and it'll smell but overall everything was good and will be back.  Give it a try.
4	Very good dumplings.  Even though the onion pancake price has changed for the 3rd time now.  Was 3.50. Then 1.25. Now it's 2.50. It's still the best thing on the menu IMO.
1	We ordered our stuff and waited 10 mins. My food came up and we finished. Have to wait for another 15 mins for my wife's order. By the time we got her food the table came in much after us already got all the food.
4	Visiting from San Diego, my wife who is from China and I do indeed know good dumplings from bad. We just stumbled across this place looking for a Chinese Breakfast. The restaurant is new and clean. Service was good and friendly.The best part were the Dumplings. Indeed hand made, thin skinned with plump insides. I had the traditional Chive with scrambled egg and they WERE excellent.I also ordered an Onion Pancake and it was hand made and griddled the correct way...They have allot of various Dumplings that seemed fab. So i recommend if you are a dumpling fan, check it out. They also have an excellent selection of FRESH Boba Teas..enjoy.
3	I was really excited for this place.  Their specialty are steamed dumplings, one of my favorite dishes.  What I really enjoyed was that they had a variety of flavors and so many choices.  So on my first visit I bought the pork and cabbage dumplings, the chive and egg fried dumpling, lamb kabobs and a blueberry and strawberry smoothie.  First of all the lamb kabobs were awesome.  They were full of flavor and well priced.  The meat was tender and tasty.  I would give it four stars.  The second item was the smoothie.  That was one of the low points.  It was very ice filled and not very flavorful.  two stars.  Next was the pork and cabbage dumplings.  Was super disappointing.  I like the speed of how they were made, but the dumplings themselves were bland.  Very very bland.  two stars.  Last of all was the fried chive and egg dumpling.  This was my favorite.  It was large and crispy, full of flavor, and nice and hot.  It was super filling and well priced and i would for sure order that again.  I well update when i go back again, hopefully it will be better.
4	Wandered in there today and thought I haven't "hmm, haven't had dumplings in a while..." so I decided to try this hole in the wall out. I ordered the pork and cabbage dumplings, as well as an order of takoyaki and a honeydew smoothie with boba. The server was very nice and promptly took my to go order. I didn't wait very long, maybe ten minutes all together. I was surprised when I saw them take out -actual- honeydew melon to make my boba with!! Definitely a rare occurrence with all the boba and tea places around Chinatown. The smoothie was great and the boba wasn't overdone or hard, the perfect texture. The takoyaki portions they gave were generous, I was only expecting 5 balls tops, but they gave 8.  The menu states that you get 14 dumplings per order but I felt as if there were more than that, which is always appreciated! The dumplings them self were delicious, very moist on the inside and the dumpling's texture and doneness was on point. Definitely will be stopping by again for lunch during work hours and looking forward to trying the rest of the menu!
1	I got the lamb kebab and 5 mins after I took a bite I had to pull over and throw up, NEVER AGAIN!!!!
4	I am definitely a fan.  Came here with my work buddies to try it out and we were all pleased.  I ordered the pork, chives and shrimp dumpling in the beef soup.  It was great!  I ate all 14 pieces.  Can't say these were among the best dumplings I had, but they definitely were better than most.  They've only been open a short time so I'll go back to give them another try.  My buddies ordered noodles and fried rice.  Restaurant calls them appetizers but they're enough for a meal with leftovers.  Go give this place a try!
4	i love dumplings, and like the name suggests - these are some fatties. they offer a pretty large selection of fat juicy boiled dumplings as well as other small dishes like msg-licious fried chicken wings, not as good boneless pieces of fried chicken, fat crispy pot stickers. everything we tried we really good and prices are reasonable. service is friendlier than a lot of other asian places, but they did forget a couple orders even though we were literally the only table in there both times i've been. we had enough food anyway, so not a big deal. i've ordered the lamb beef pork dumplings both times because why stray from something i already know is good. be patient and give it time to cool off so you don't burn the sh*t out of your mouth like i did. the filling is all meat and super juicy - way juicier than their crappy XLB soupy dumplings (definitely skip those). i'm pretty loyal to #1 boba for my boba fixes, so no clue how their drinks are. but i'll definitely be back for more dumplings in the near future.
3	Quaint little place so there aren't toooooooooo many seats. Each order of dumplings has 14 of these little babies.I got seated right away as soon as I walked in but the service quickly deteriorated from that. Never even took our drink orders. But whatevs. They had one person manning everything at first and then a second person had to help. You can tell from some of the tables that they're trying to get their attention for assistance. They're definitely short-staffed to save on money or something.In the end, the dumplings and the green onion pancake was just okay to me. But the beef noodle soup was surprisingly not too shabby :0D. They also have boba drinks but we didn't end up trying any.I don't know when I'll be back, if at all. I'm not too much of a dumpling person anyway.
3	Food - 4/5Price - 2/5Service - 3/5One of the few dumpling places in Vegas. The place was quite pack when we went in and they had only 2 people working the floor. Normally, restaurants with experienced waiters / waitress should be able to manage a restaurant that size but you can tell that they were inexperienced and forgot to bring us our drinks. FoodThere are various dumpling selections on the menu. We decided to try the traditional pork and cabbage and a nontraditional beef and onion dumplings. The dumplings were good, nothing extraordinary and can't really compare to the places I've tried in Hong Kong or Taiwan but it was still good nonetheless after I'm a big dumpling fan.We also had an order of the Green Onion Pancake which tasted like every other green onion pancake, but it was crispy and cooked pretty well.We had an order of the Beef Noodle Soup. The broth tasted pretty good but the noodle were a bit overcooked. There was an wrong order of beef noodle that they bought out that no one claimed before we ordered and our order came pretty quick after ordering, just assuming they bought us the same order that was return. Anyways the portion size was big, good enough for 3 of us to split a small bowl. Just the noodle wasn't anything special and other Taiwanese places would be more worth the price if you wanted Beef Noodle.PricesDumpling - $8.75 for about 14 dumplingBeef Noodle - $8.75ServiceThe service was not so good, even for a Chinese place. Two people were very nice but seems like they were unorganized and inexperience. Normally a restaurant of that size, even 1 experience person should be able to manage it but they had 2 people that forgot to bring us our drink order (water) and messed up on other peoples orders. A lot of times, it was a lot faster to just stand up and grab a set from the next table then call one of them over.OverallThe food was ok, It was still a little bit pricey in my opinion for dumpling but it makes sense because restaurant have to make some return. The service wasn't great, you can tell they were really trying but after being open for a while and seeing other yelp review, would have figure they improve their service standards.
5	Welcome to the best hidden boba shop in the clutter of china town! Fresh fruit instead of syrup makes this the go to place!! Add an order of dumplings and you are set! Top notch !
5	MY 100th REVIEW!I'm completely addicted to dumplings right now after having a whole bag of Ling Ling dumplings from Costco for every meal for two weeks... But Fat Dumpling is what started the addiction...What Fat Dumpling has going for them is that they don't try to be too much. Most of the menu is dominated by the standard style dumplings. You can tell by the taste that these are made in house, and I'm further convinced by how they treat their smoothies.The first time we went, we were told that the tapioca pearls weren't ready yet (it was around 11 in the morning), and that it would be close to an hour. A little disappointing that they aren't made ahead of time, but considering that some pearls take almost two hours to make, it isn't too surprising. In fact, they do let you have yesterday's pearls if you want, or there's some yummy jelly options. But what convinced me to keep coming back here for their smoothies was that they use fresh fruits and not some substitute like powder or syrup. The prices are reasonable, and the mango smoothie is one of the best I've had and isn't overly sweet as well. Usually I get a large and it's gone by the time I get home :|Then there's the dumplings - I thought the flavor was good. No sauce is needed here, though you can always have some if you like. I've also tried their popcorn chicken which has a good flavor but might be a tad salty. On the very plus side, the chicken was very moist and had a good amount of meat. I also tried their steamed pork dumplings which had a good flavor in my opinion.Overall, I simply just enjoy the simplicity, price point, and flavors they offer here. It is probably my favorite local Chinese joint in Las Vegas.
3	Wanted to check this new place out and enjoy some dumplings. The drawbacks to the place is they are a little unorganized with their ordering system. I didn't know the take out line and the dine in were two separate things and it took 30 minutes for our order to come out. Also the Chinese chive dumpling had almost all chives and hardly any egg or shrimp. Ordered a green tea and they said they only had one kind even though the menu says otherwise. Noodles were also very sparse with shrimp and vegetables. Three stars for friendly staff and the piping hot egg drop soup
3	Came here after getting my massage at Bali Foot Spa. Shrimp and chive dumplings : Good. I liked it. Inside was seasoned nicely and the outside was nice and soft like how any fresh made dumpling should be. Chinese pancake : Like any other. Slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Could use a little more seasoning but I guess the dip makes up for it.So I ordered 2 pancakes and they ended up putting in only 1 order and a wrong order of squid ballsSquid balls : ok. Actual squid inside. Seasoned ok
3	This is basically a review on one of their smoothies. I haven't tried a dumpling yet. If you don't like that, then read another review.. They have 93 drink options and I think this is a valid thing to look at.My preferred boba in the area is No. 1 Boba Tea. However, one of my friends recommended Fat Dumpling, and it was literally a short walk from where we had eaten dinner. I was really confused until I actually saw the menu because I'd only heard of the dumplings, but they have pretty much every typical flavor of fruit that you would find in one of these places, including durian.They proudly display on their menu that they use real fruit. You can see them use real fruit as well. That's a solid plus compared to some other places. I just wish that I had seen Nelson Q.'s review before I made my choice of the avocado smoothie (without toppings) because I definitely would have picked something else.What I got definitely had the texture of avocado, but definitely less flavor that I would have liked. More importantly, it doesn't seem like they've added any sugar whatsoever. Basically, it was more of a nice textural experience than a flavor experience, and I had to endure it with the small diameter straw that I had selected because of my peculiar avoidance of boba.I will gladly try a different flavor if I'm ever invited here again. I just can't recommend this place yet based on my personal experience.
2	I will give two stars just for the sake of their smoothies and by using fresh fruits. I've been here once and tasted some of their menus. Not a fan of their food. So tedious and just an ordinary Chinese resto.
3	Want to go on a dumpling (aka potstickers) rampage. This place has you covered. Many different choices. Service was very good.They also have great Bobba drinks.
3	Spent just under $20 getting a minifeast for me and my guy to munch dinner from home while watching the Spurs game: 14-piece order of the pork, chive, and shrimp dumplings, plus two lamb sticks, and an order of fried squid balls.While I loved being able to snag dumplings to go (don't know of [m]any places to do so), and found pricing to be fair, the giant 14-piece order got a little boring after half the order was done. Would like the option to purchase half an order so I can mix it up with another flavor. Overall, dumplings held up and were tasty. Seemed to be mostly pork and chive with a slight shrimpy flavor, though I did not visibly see any.Found the squid balls to be underwhelming and bland, despite a sprinkle of seasoning on them- would have appreciated some sort of dipping sauce, but again, it was a decently large portion for the price (8 pieces?).Lastly, the lamb. Ordered them because it was recommended here on Yelp. Reviews neglected to mention how spicy the lamb is. Found the portion for the price underwhelming, with five or six tiny meat pieces on a mostly bare skewer. Overall impression was underwhelming. They need to make some changes if they're going to stay open: at 8PM on a Friday night, I was the only customer. Lee's Sandwiches next door had more business- that's pretty sad.May come back to try the steamed buns or a smoothie... but reviews here tend to say the food is better than the drinks, which makes me wonder if it's worth a second try.
4	Came here for the first time last night and I can already say I will be returning just on their boba and smoothie drinks alone. Their boba was nice and chewy and their smoothies and milk teas are made with real fruit and ingredients. How do I know? The taro wasn't purple! They also have 3 different drink sizes, but I would recommend getting the medium which is the size of a large at other tea shops in Vegas. The large just looks way too big.I wasn't too hungry and only got 1 order of the pork and celery dumplings, but realized later on that the gave me pork and sauerkraut instead. No wonder it didn't taste like celery! Before I saw the bill I actually thought they had given me pork and cabbage since that's what it tasted like. Pretty good dumplings though. I like that the skin is thick so they don't break apart when you pick them up with your chopsticks. They have a lot of appetizer/snack food items I wanted to try like popcorn chicken and green onion pancake so I'll have to get those next time. I like that they're open late until 2 am. Pick up a stamp card to take advantage of the Buy 10 get 1 free drink deal. They also have a $10 credit card minimum so bring cash if you're only doing drinks!
4	You know what the best stuff is at Fat Dumpling? The drinks. No, really. This might be the most compelling reason to come here. They're even open late! The selection is huge, the cups are huge, and there is a lot of fresh fruit involved. I've had avocado, black sesame, lychee coconut, something from the "crazy" menu, and peanut butter banana. All satisfying.Hey this is a dumpling place, right? So, you get around 14 dumplings for about $8-10ish. They're not tiny. They're actually fat. The wrappers are also thick, if you're into that. They're fine dumplings - though I'd avoid the vegetarian ones if you're tempted. They're underwhelming. Also, the onion pancake is hit or miss. Hot and sour soup is quite large and tasty - though not particularly hot or sour.The people working there are nice. Make sure you grab a stamp card on your way out. I just got one on my last visit and I've been there numerous times. Oops.
4	I went here to order-to-go 30 minutes prior to closing time and I didn't want to be one of "those" customers who orders a lot right before closing.. but surprisingly, there were a lot of people ordering to-go so I didn't feel as bad!I got there and ordered:1. Fried Chives Dumpling- its HUGE! I thought it would be small so I wanted to order 4, but the guy said it was big so I ended up ordering 2.. good call. Its really good! It was like an asian quesadilla.. lol.2. General Tso- TSO good (;3. Popcorn Chicken- okay, i've had a lot of popcorn chicken in my days.. but for some reason.. the seasoning on this chicken is different. Its so addicting.. I ended up eating it all before my boyfriend could even have some! He agrees as well.. theres something about their popcorn chicken that doesn't want you to stop eating it!4. pork dumplings- it tastes like every pork dumping.. its good, though!5. chive pancakes- ehh, you can skip on that. its not good unless its fresh!I ordered all this and they were so fast! We were in and out of there in about 15 mins!I want to go here again and order their drinks. I heard they use only fresh fruits and i'm a sucker for fresh fruit smoothies!Overall, this place is really good & I would recommend it for late eats!
4	You'd be foolish to expect good service at a regular Asian restaurant. That being said, make sure whatever you point at on the menu matches the words you're speaking.Poor friend's "Peanut Butter, Banana, & Chocolate" crazy smoothie really was crazy... so crazy it became "Banana, Peach, & Pineapple." Talk about dissociative identity disorder! The server was unsympathetic: "But you pointed....."On the other side of the table, my #86 "Papaya, Avocado, Strawberry, Banana & Watermelon" was delicious! Banana always overpowers at first, but when the papaya comes through, you'll be cruising! Next thing you know, you wish you ordered a large. I'll be back for some food and will definitely remember to order clearly and carefully!
3	Just a bit of an update on my Fat Dumpling experiences... I had this at 4 stars, but as long as that younger guy is making boba - the boba is going to suck. He skimps on ingredients, gets the menu item number wrong, and adds way too much sugar when specifically asked not to. Also, he made me the wrong drink and didn't even suggest he would correct it for me. Three times I've come and had issues with the way he makes things. Pretty close to not coming back.Also, they close at midnight instead of 2am now.---------------------------------------------------------Previously on Fat Dumpling...You know what the best stuff is at Fat Dumpling? The drinks. No, really. This might be the most compelling reason to come here. They're even open late! The selection is huge, the cups are huge, and there is a lot of fresh fruit involved. I've had avocado, black sesame, lychee coconut, something from the "crazy" menu, and peanut butter banana. All satisfying.Hey this is a dumpling place, right? So, you get around 14 dumplings for about $8-10ish. They're not tiny. They're actually fat. The wrappers are also thick, if you're into that. They're fine dumplings - though I'd avoid the vegetarian ones if you're tempted. They're underwhelming. Also, the onion pancake is hit or miss. Hot and sour soup is quite large and tasty - though not particularly hot or sour.The people working there are nice. Make sure you grab a stamp card on your way out. I just got one on my last visit and I've been there numerous times. Oops.
4	This is my new go-to place for bubble tea. I think that the value for the price and quality is better than most places here in Vegas. I've been here a few times and while it hasn't been consistent most of the time, this is the place where I would frequently visit for my boba needs.It's a fairly new spot that's been open for a few months. I've gotten turned in this place by the recommendation of some yelper buddies. It's located on spring mountain next to lees sandwiches.Popcorn chicken - a Taiwanese speciality, the one at fat dumpling is nice and crispy on the outside, and moist and juicy in the center with an interesting seasoning. They give you an OK amount for the price, but I think they should give more.Smoothies - order the jumbo size. It's the best deal in town. It's the Big Gulp of bubble teas. All of the fruit they use are real. The tea also has good flavor as well. I've never found boba quality as high as Half & Half tea house in LA, but... It's good here. Sometimes a lil bit too soft, but better than a lot of places in Vegas. My total for a jumbo smoothie with boba was 5.14, not too sha-bay!What's also great is that they are open later than most places. While most of them close between 8:30 to 10pm on the weekdays, this place closes at midnight. The same time the werewolves come out...
3	Went to try them out today for lunch and I ordered some chicken wings and a Vanilla Coffee smoothie that turned out ok. Chicken Wings priced ok but they aren't  amazing or anything. Smoothie had a weird after taste and I probably wouldn't order it again. Service was the normal no smile "whatchawant" service that you come to expect. Menu is easy to read and point at so thats a plus.All in all probably would not come here again. There are a lot better places in Chinatown.
3	I was meeting up with a friend who proudly tried a recipe from a cookbook called "Natural Harvest". Somehow looking up "Jesus jizz" on Reddit (that yielded to no result) got us so hungry and thirsty.Strawberry Banana Chocolate Smoothie:I got this with boba. This is one of my favorite flavor combos. Equal parts of delicious strawberry, chocolate and banana. The black balls were soft in the mouth. Mmmm... 4/5Thai Milk Tea:As if a big cup of smoothie wasn't enough, I also had to try the Thai tea boba milk tea - I love this stuff. This was a bit too sweet though. 3/5Pork and Cabbage Dumplings:You can either get 8pcs or 14pcs. Make your own dipping sauce. I'll give the sauce I made 5 stars (self love). The dumplings were a bit doughy but it has lots of hot steamy juices so it's understandable. The filling was tasty. 3/5Beef Noodle Soup:The noodles were thick like chow mein...maybe, it WAS chow mein. They're a bit generous with the beef chunks and chopped Chinese cabbage. This reminds me more of Filipino beef mami than the mildly spicy Chinese/Taiwanese beef noodle soup. If this was sold to me as beef mami then I'd give it 4 stars but since it's beef noodle soup...2/5Usually, the restaurants in this strip mall are packed. This one was pretty dead the entire 4-5 hours we were there.
4	Drinks  and  Boba are delicious..  Dumplings are also bomb...  And the best part is they are open till 1 and sometimes 2am... It is also close to the freeway so if ur on the go this is the spot to go to for good food and amazing drinks
2	they have variety of appetizers, Pho, and huge selection of boba tea. I had the lamb, cabbage, carrot dumpling. figured since their name had dumpling in it that's what they'd specialize in. it was around $10. Very average. Nothing special. Not worth the price. also had the Thai tea and that wasn't too bad. however, there really isn't anything that stands out about this place and I won't be coming here again or be recommending it to anybody.
2	The service is such garbage, the food isn't great either. Came at 3pm on a Saturday and they were about half full. We had to request water three times before it actually came. My party ordered pho, dumplings, and some rice plates. The rice plates was filling but the pho was not. The combination pho was pretty bland to me and no hoisin sauce to make it better. We also ordered four smoothies with our food but it never came and we asked the waiter and he made it like 5 minutes before we finished our meal. The drinks were refreshing, and its pretty cheap for what it is. Overall the food is pretty unsatisfying but it's cheap so that sort of makes it okay.
5	Time for an update and an upgrade. Since discovering this place a few months ago I've found myself coming here quite often and pretty much anytime I'm craving a boba drink or fruit smoothie. Their drinks are the best in town and for the price ($3.50-4.00 avg for medium) you really can't beat it in quality, especially because they use fresh fruit in their smoothies. I've never had a bad drink here and their consistency is what keeps me coming back. My favorite drinks here are their mango smoothie and taro milk tea. Don't forget to grab a stamp card to take advantage of their Buy 10 Get 1 Free offer, although you can only choose from the medium tea drinks when you redeem a free one. Medium is the recommended size because the large is pretty big unless you're drinking on an empty stomach or sharing.I haven't actually eaten an actual meal here in a while but regularly get orders of their popcorn chicken, which is probably the best I've had in town for the $5.50 price point. It's always made fresh so it might take about 10 minutes to get it. I've also had their dumplings and green onion pancake and they were really good. I like the thick skin on the dumplings so they don't break as easily. 1 order of dumplings is 14 pieces, but they now also have a smaller order of 8 which is good so you can try other things on the menu as well. The green onion pancake is freshly fried, greasy and crispy and for only $2.50, it's a yummy good deal. They also sell pho now which is a little weird because the owners and staff are Chinese and the rest of their menu is Chinese/Taiwanese.The only thing I wish they could do better is their service since they usually only have 1 server, who also doubles as the cashier and is usually 1 of 2 teenage looking guys who sometimes seem like they have no idea what they're doing. As long as the older lady makes your drink, you'll have one of consistent quality. There was only 1 time where 1 of the kids made my drink and I felt like it wasn't as good and I got less boba than usual.
1	Whyyyyyyy whhyyyy fat dumpling? Why you gotta do me dirty like that?! We could of had something. My boyfriend and I are hard core boba heads and we just needed our fix tonight. Being that it's our first time here, we even went as far as buying 3 drinks total between the 2 of us. You really let us down! Weak flavor, mushy boba, whack customer service - all terrible. Here's the story: I ordered the lemon honey green tea with half boba. Man, I didn't expect it to come out with the whole lemon, seeds, bitter rind, pulp and all. The wide boba straw slurped up all of the seeds every time I would take a sip. I choked on a few. Then I decided I couldn't go through with it, it just didn't taste right, and brought the drink back to the counter.The guy was not having it. He told us that the drink is not for us to taste, but for us to buy... Whaaa? Wait huh? Accent or no accent, those are some fighting words mister. He then said he would pick out the seeds for us. Ugh. No, the drink tastes weird mister. It's not good. At all. He said he would not exchange the drink out for something else. We had to stand at the counter for a while and firmly tell him that we would like to have the almond milk tea instead, that the the lemon seeds were horrible. After a few minutes of going back and forth he then tried to exchange it out for a small almond milk tea with no boba. Lol. This guy is a character. So stingy! In the end he gave in and we got the almond milk tea with boba - woohoo an even (embarrassing) exchange. To my dismay, the drink tasted like a lot of hatred went into it. My almond milk tea tasted like pure powdered thick milk. That's the flavor I got. Why you gotta hate to hard?Not to mention the other 2 drinks we got: durian slush and red bean slush - were super watery! Icy slushy ice is what we ended up getting. To be fair: they were clean inside, had a huge menu (they even have a vietnamese menu!) the drinks were cheap, not a sugar bomb, and they are open late! Sorry fat dumpling. Your antics are too much for me to handle. I don't want to hate a hater, but you's terrible!
5	first time to use Yelp and it really helped us to find a nice place. been here tonight and felt good. the place was clean and the server was friendly enough, dumplings were really tasty, im not gonna buy any dumplings from market since now! gonna bring more friends to here next time.
4	Great shrimp dumplings! You can tell they are homemade, fresh and delish! Wasn't too busy which was nice. Loved the honeydew boba slushie! Very fresh tasting.
4	Very fresh hand made dumplings (chives shrimp pork, celery pork dumplings). I've been always coming to Vegas but definitely it's first time exploring the other side of town. This place has the most interesting taste and interior design (at first by looking at menu I wasn't sure if it was authentic Chinese or vietname) it's a fusion.
5	Ordered their lamb dumplings and they are so good! Their boba selection is very impressive. Their pho is not bad either, although I would recommend coming here for the dumplings and boba. Great customer service!
2	My husband and I dropped by on the way home from Vegas. It seems they advertise their drinks but we didn't try any. Since it's called Fat Dumpling, I expected good food. The XLB had the right flavor but not very juicy. The shrimp dumplings had barely any shrimp in it, mostly greens.  The green onion pancake was dry and tasted like flour.  The seaweed salad and bean curd salad were bland.
5	I go here for dumplings and their popcorn chicken!  Full of flavor.  Dumplings are fantastic with the hot chilli oil sauce.  Shrimp dumplings, pork dumplings, beef and onion dumplings, the dumplings with the soup..they're all good!  A half order of any dumplings will fill you up!  I love this place.  :-)
2	I like the fact that they open till 2 am, but I don't think I like the food very much. Tried their dumplings and beef noodle. The noodle was a bit undercooked, while the dumplings were just OK. I like the dumplings at the other place better on the same street. No intention to go back.
2	My husband and I dropped by on the way home from Vegas. It seems they advertise their drinks but we didn't try any. Since it's called Fat Dumpling, I expected good food. The XLB had the right flavor but not very juicy. The shrimp dumplings had barely any shrimp in it, mostly greens.  The green onion pancake was dry and tasted like flour.  The seaweed salad and bean curd salad were bland.
4	Great option for late night hangry eats. Restaurant is far too small for groups but I'm sure they've got some take-away options. We had the chow mein, dumplings and fresh smoothies. All were surprisingly flavorful and memorable.
2	Came here with my parents and we had the: Popcorn chickenPork, Chives, Shrimp dumplingShrimp dumplingGreen Onion pancakeThe popcorn chicken was all right.The dumplings were blandThe green onion pancake just tasted as if I was eating fried flour.The only thing I did enjoy was the black sea same smoothie. This place is small, so seating isn't the best. When they first seated us, they put us under a counter... Like the counter's height was those for a bar seating or just to pick up drinks, but the place decided to squeeze some tables under there. When we saw another table clear out we asked to be moved. The service is really slow as well. The waitress took forever to take our order and even ignored us a few times when we tried to call her over to take the order.
4	My husband and I have been going to these people for years! The staff is super friendly and they're boba is delicious. We also always order their Teryaki Chicken bowl and it is very tasteful.
4	I came here one night really late, it was open, it was dead, but I didn't mind. no music playing I noticed, I like that, cause sometimes places have music playing SO LOUD I feel like my heads going to pound off, and I eventually leave pretty fast. They also have WiFi here, why play music like your in a night club @ a place that has wifi? You can't read or pay attention to your computer or whatever your working on on your computer. You can't pay attention and focus to who ever your talking to. I have has business meetings, or interviews @ boba places, Starbucks is where most people meet for business meetings. @ a lot of places we will be talking about something important and the music is pounding so loud then my head starts to hurt, then I can't pay attention to what the person is saying cause I have a mind numbing headache, from the music pounding in my ears. They guy in the front says the owner doesn't play music here, and I said GOOD! lol. only from those past experiences. I said I'd come here and get Boba and meet people here sometime. They have a SUPER LARGE boba which is nice. Some boba is average size but they sell the larger bobas here. I ordered the dumplings the Mixed meat with shrimp dumpling it was okay. I tried to order the Flour dumpling with chive and egg pan fried but they said they where out. They charge 1$ extra for frying the dumplings. They guy @ the front was nice, & gave me good service. He tried to teach me some Chinese while I waited for the dumplings cause dumplings take a while to make. I tried, it's hard I already forgot what he taught me. :( I know some a little Chinese. I wish my mother taught me so I could be fluent in Chinese that would have come in handy now that I'm older. Even tho the dumplings where good, but more on the ''okay'' side. I'm sure the other things are great, and it's hard to go wrong with BoBa drinks. I love Taiwanese food Chinese food, even tho my mother didn't teach me the language she cooked a lot of the dishes. You can also order the dumplings in bulk I think he said 50 @ a time and freeze them take them to go and eat them later.
2	Food is average for the price. Had lamb kabobs, fatty and squid balls, nothing special same as the ones I pick up in the supermarket.milk tea was very good, the service is slow , inconsistent and less then pleasent.That was last night. Went today. They have a $10,00 min for cards or a .50 upcharge. I just wanted a milk tea and would have payed the .50 but not for sourpuss service. Can not recommend when there are some many places that do the same thing, better and with a friendly attitude.
2	Looking at the reviews and photos I thought I would give this place a try. We got there around 8:30pm and there was only one other couple in the restaurant, not a good sign right? We tried their standard boiled pork and cabbage dumplings and for under $9 you get 14 dumplings, not bad for the price. But the dumplings could have been much better had there been some dipping sauce and ginger to go with it. The other dish we had was their beef stew noodle soup. This was very disappointing as the soup base was sour and the type of noodle they used was not to my liking. They should have mentioned it in their menu that the soup base is sour. The service was okay but I will not be going back as their dishes was just mediocre.
5	Our new favorite place for boba. It's fresh cheap and they're open till 2 in the morning!!! Note to self though stop combining weird flavors together.
2	Great place one of my fav .... But the service is sooooooo bad it hurts to leave a tip
2	Still on this "trying new places quest". Can it be over yet?We just ordered the Popcorn Chicken, Pork and Cabbage Dumplings and the Beef Broth. The Popcorn chicken had very little seasoning on it. So plain. The Dumplings didn't have much flavor either and my soy sauce/vinegar dipping sauce didn't help either. So plain.
3	I'm going to be honest: I come here whenever I can't think of anything to eat. It's automatic. "I'm hungry. Where to go... Ah, Fat Dumpling." The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because of the service which usually takes forever.As for the food -- well, it's comfort food. I think they give the right amount of serving for the price they offer and the taste is good enough for me to eat as much as 10 dumplings in one sitting (which is a lot for a tiny Asian girl like me). I usually get the pork and cabbage dumplings and veggie steamed buns and dip them like crazy in a mixture of soy sauce and vinegar. Yum.Their selection of drinks is okay as well. They're all in the same price range as other Boba places but the real winner is that they serve super fresh fruit smoothies. Now, this is just me being nitpicky, but I also wish they served Jasmine Tea with milk and Boba, too. Or just Jasmine tea itself with lychee syrup. That tastes bomb.I don't think I'll ever stop coming to this place (bonus points since it's beside my favourite Korean cosmetics store!). I just really hope they improve on their service.
1	Everything on my plate was old. The rice was obviously kept in the fridge for a couple of days. Some of it was hard and crunchy. The chicken was dry and vegetables were mushy. I didn't like the radish either.... It didn't seem fresh. My friend and I didn't drink the water since the cups were dirty and had residue on the bottom. Overall, horrible experience. There weren't any customers and we should've just left.
4	Very nice, friendly dumpling house in Chinatown area with refreshingly straightforward menu (listed on the wall, on a giant poster for easy reference) and simple, non-garish interior.  Open late until 2am, which is perfect for late night food hunters who are looking to eat dumplings and other related Chinese food. The xlb here is good and juicy with decent skin thickness, and I would recommend that here.  They have a variety of different types of dumplings and filling, ranging from combinations of ground pork, cabbage, shrimp, beef, and lamb.  I stayed with the traditional pork and cabbage pan fried dumplings and was not disappointed. It's very authentic here and the young owners appear to have come here from mainland China or Taiwan, so I'm assuming they know what their food should taste like.  Inside is also a full on milk tea boba juice bar, which could be a whole store in itself judging by the selections.  Fat Dumpling is located in the heart of Chinatown along Spring Mountain Rd in a shopping center with other late night restaurants.  Good place, I hope they do well.
4	Had steam pork buns "xiao long bao" , fried dumplings, a beef noodle bowl and a wonton noodle..  noodle soup a bit watery but sizes were amazing.  Biggest beef noode bowl.  But the noodles are thin and round not fat flat and chewy.   The soups were mild and not strong.  Ok place for a large or giant bowl of noodles.
4	The beef noodle soup is huge. Decent place for a quick Chinese food fix. Steam pork dumplings are legit.Their super size boba is also huge.
4	Was actually going a few doors down for some pho, but there was a huge line and I am not the patient type (would rather not eat at all than wait in line to get fed), so I wandered down past Lee's Sandwich and found this little gem. They were almost empty when I arrived, which concerned me, but the staff was friendly and the posted menu inviting, so I braved it. I still really wanted noodles, so skipped the dozen or so different dumplings offered and got beef noodle soup. It was tasty and a very generous portion - I got two complete meals out of it. Big, tender pieces of meat, only one of which was the fatty, spit-into-your-napkin type. Very yum. As I ate, the place filled up. I must have come at the perfect time - I wouldn't have been able to find a seat if I had come later, so yay them! I will be coming back to try more!
5	Been coming here on a regular basis for the past year, usually every couple of weeks.  Standards have never slipped - emphasis on simple, fresh ingredients, prepared into comfort food.  I've gotten adventurous and my favorite smoothie is off their "crazy fruit" menu - papaya, watermelon, strawberry, banana and (yes) avocado. The avocado gives it a creamy, almost milkshake texture that is really satisfying.  A huge kick of vitamin C and potassium - I go to Chi Kung classes at the Lohan school down the block and this smoothie is frequently my post-class dinner.Another staple is the peanut, celery and carrot salad.  Boiled peanuts and the celery/carrots are just blanched - lightly steamed, but still crunchy.  Tossed in chili oil and spices (but not too hot).  The perfect healthy snack and I've gotten several co-workers addicted to it!They've introduced more menu items and I have yet to find anything that doesn't work - various kinds of new pho (the rare beef round steak pho is sensational), fried snapper (little whole fishes flash tempura fried, super tasty!), turnip stripe pancake (more of a mini eggroll pie then a pancake; so delicious - filled with mashed turnip, a bit of meat and assorted vegetables.  Its a meal in itself and less than $4!!).They also started selling their homemade dumplings frozen by the bag - comes in a freezer bag of 50 pieces.  I have pork and cabbage dumplings in my freezer right now.  $25 or $30 for 50 dumplings (depends on the type) - I throw them into some broth for a quick soup at home.Service is always friendly and the prices are incredibly reasonable, even compared to some of the other restaurants in Chinatown.  They're open from 10 a.m. to 2 a,m. - I've been here when they first open and after midnight - quality is still there, no matter what time it is.
4	I went here last week with a friend to have a snack and was pleasantly surprised to see that they also offered a large variety of boba drinks!I ordered vegetarian eggrolls and popcorn chicken.The vegetarian eggrolls seemed to be frozen, as when we received them the inside was pretty much vegetable mush. But they were still pretty good.The popcorn chicken was incredibly decent, I'm used to spicy dishes growing up in a Hispanic household, so the chicken was bland. But it was crispy and juicy and filling. I also ordered a jasmine milk tea and my friend got a green apple tea. The jasmine milk tea tasted very artificial. Not the best. I liked my friend's green apple tea a lot better-- very refreshing!! I would visit here again to try out more of the food options (: Service was nice as well.
4	The food is decent but if you go, the iced honey jasmine tea is AMAZING! It's really fresh and potent but in a good way. If you're a fan of jasmine tea, it is absolutely a must try. The boba drinks are good too, just avoid the powdered flavors like taro, not so great.
3	Had some time before going to catch our flight home and didn't want airport food. Dumplings were the the craving so we headed to Chinatown Fat Dumpling. No other customers was there before and after we finished 6 pm.  Drinks no boba were good.Huge bowl of Hot and Sour soup ( some of the lotus stem roots were left on)String beans were good pork and chive dumplings were good.This place has a large menu maybe if they made a couple of items well they would get better reviews. Service was excellent since we were the only customers.
4	The HOT GREEN TEA IS GOODTheir dumpling and the wonton are also goodTheir service is also not that bad :) I love this place
1	I do not recommend coming to Fat Dumplings at all. 1.We waited for our food over an hour (we came in at 1:45 and our main dish came out around 3 which is unbelievable)2.The dumplings were alright but it took forever for them to serve their foods because they are short of staff, you even have to ask for water yourself3.The teriyaki chicken was especially terrible, obviously lack of cooking skill, not to mention the sauce itself. On top of that It tastes like micowave-food. 4. Pork chop rice was plain, tasteless, and the meat was hard as rock. I am not a picky person but this restaurant disappointed me. The food is not worth of the price. PS I'm Asian but I dont approve this restaurant AT ALL. You could spend the money anywhere else than here. The only thing worth praising is their decently hygiene d restroom.
4	Solid is a decent way to describe Fat Dumpling. Starting off with an avocado durian smoothie is my go to. Follow that off with a chive pancake and a shaved turnip pancake is not too shabby either. The dumpling fillings are delicious. The wrappers, on the other hand, are a bit thick. I personally love any of the lamb dumplings. The service here is decent for Chinatown. The food comes out fast even though they preface a 25 minute wait period to ensure a properly cooked meal. I just wish that they would refill drinks without asking.
5	Freshest boba. They make it right in front of you. Awesome staff too! They have so many countless options of boba and smoothies. And the food is quite yummy. My favorite is the taro boba smoothie and the passion fruit mango mix. They have a avocado one made with actual avocados pretty yummy.
