2	Were told to take table at the end of the patio. No one came to ask about drinks or anything until I came to front 10 min later and asked if anyone would serve us.  It serves Mexican food but there is no complimentary chips. Overall wait time was more than 45 minutes. Really? For chicken fajitas and tortilla soup?! And they were not busy. The size of the portions not adequate for the price. You are paying for being in the heart of Scottsdale.   And the morale is - don't forget to read Yelp before going anywhere. Everything people said before about the business appeared right!
1	My friends and I just left the Phoenix Open and after a long day of walking all we were looking forward to was sitting down for some food and cold drinks.  We hadn't planned on that taking an hour and a half so that was really unfortunate.When we came in we decided to sit at a booth because it was pretty chilly out.  It wasn't too busy, but we only counted 3 servers.  I think that was what caused the majority of our problems...It took our waitress like 10 minutes before she came over to greet us with our bottle of water and glasses.  Because it took a while for her to came over we ordered drinks and chips and salsa.  Drinks took another 15 minutes so by the time they came we had already finished with our chips and were so hungry we almost ate the paper.  Two of our friends ordered the tacos which they said were decent.  I ordered the tinga burrito bowl.  Luckily the meat was good because the black eyed peas were an awkward addition and the rice was hard.  My other friend ordered the nachos (with no meat) which also had the strange black eyed peas and some cheese sprinkled on them.  So unfortunate the food was a flop. Bland.She didn't come back to check on us very often and we noticed two other tables complaining from the same issue, different server.  Seems like they were understaffed and it impacted the service in a BAD way.  It's unfortunate we didn't like it here because we were excited about the new location and the cool new look.  We left saying we wouldn't come back.  Hopefully after a while of being back up and running they will get things going a bit better, I'm not opposed to giving it another shot.
4	Wow! What a difference a redux makes! Great new atmosphere, more modern and metropolitan. Updated menu has old favorites and some tasty new options too. The patio is larger now, but still offers great people watching right along Scottsdale Rd. I will be back to try more specialty margaritas!
3	Looks like Salty is going a bit upscale in their new location with a new menu and pricier drinks. The new joint has only been "soft" open for a week and the menu and drinks are very limited for some reason. The patio is even bigger now with some space that they still haven't figured out how to use yet. The current menu has about a  dozen things. The $8 chicken burrito my friend got was huge and looked worthy of the price, while I tried a small $3 grilled chicken taco which was decent, but you would need at least three of them to quench any hunger pains. The full bar is available, but they were trying to steer you towards the higher priced margaritas. It is a cleaner, less cluttered look and perhaps more refined, but the patio looks good and once they add umbrella's, etc, it should be back to its normal, old self. Happy Hour menu is limited also until grand opening on the 30th of this month. Patio is always crowded, so no matter what they serve here, people will go because other people are already there.
4	Love the transformation Salty Senorita made.  The old location reminded me of a shotty college joint, to go and get hammered and act like an idiot.  The new location matches the vibe of the rest of Old Town and has much better food and drinks.  As mentioned, it is much more refined, even with prices, but I am happy to pay a little more as the location and food are much, much nicer.  BTW - I got the orange/vanilla margarita, it was amazing.  Highly recommend.
2	It is an ok restaurant and bar. Since I was traveling alone I sat at the bar. Service was not that great but the food was good. One thing was that they ran out some stuff so I had limited choices (Whole two sections were gone)
1	Decided to give this place another chance after a terrible experience last time I visited the previous location. The new building had a funky odor going on inside so we opted for patio seating. As soon as we sat ourselves at one of the 7 open tables we were approached my a manager saying that we had to wait to be seated by the hostess. Upon mentioning all the vacant tables he told us that they were in the process of "tracking down" those people to seat them. So we stood up and lingered until we were given permission to sit back down at the same table. The table side guac was great but the server never returned to take our order for entrees. We finally flagged down the manager who apologized and began taking our order until the server ran over to relieve him of her duty. He then told her how embarrassed he was for having to do that...awkward. We then continued to wait for our food for 30 minutes before I finally called the manager over again and told him they obviously forgot our order somewhere and we wanted to leave. For the negative experience he comped us a round of cheap girly shots (Washington apples or something) and presented the rest of the $25 bill.
3	3 Stars because the food (street tacos) was actually good. We wanted a fun meal before heading to the airport and instead ended up cutting it close. There were just too many problems with the service. When we first arrived, we asked for a table on the patio because the weather was so nice. Unfortunately, we got an area that didn't have umbrellas. After asking for one, our waitress came back to tell us they were still ordering more fixtures like umbrellas because they only opened two weeks ago. Seems like something you get a hold on before opening. Then we proceeded to order and the waitress informed us they were out of some menu items. She only replied with, "Sorry, the hostess should have told you." Well, she didn't. When the food finally came it was great. The  short rib tacos and maple jalepeno tacos were fantastic.It took quite a while for the waitress to get back to us during the meal and after for our check. She even mentioned that she didn't even notice we had gotten our food. That was weird. But glad they at least got something right.
2	Not Very Pleased at all, a Co worker and I went for lunch we were late coming back to work because the service took so long, we arrived at 12:09 it took almost 20 min for us to even order then the food arrived with only 10 min for us to eat it and then get back to work. We had to scarf it so fast not even sure I got to really enjoy it. Plus my friends never got a refill on her drink either maybe the worst service ever..... I was so Bummed I have wanted to stop in and eat here for a long time, but the food is WAY over priced and frankly not that good and the menu selection was also really slim pickings. The reason I did give two stars was because the salsa was amazing, but unlike most Mexican joints you had to order it, it was not complimentary. I love to go out and have Mexican food mainly because I love getting endless chips and Salsa. As a good will gesture our server did give me a to go dish of salsa but no chips to go with it. I really wish it had been different I was so looking forward to it.
1	Extremely underwhelming experience. Drinks, appetizers, and entrees took forever.. And on a Tuesday night. Everything was painfully salty, very true to the name. Pretty overpriced for such a mediocre dining experience.
1	Terrible service. Started with giving our table away to wrong ppl, incorrect drink orders, incorrect food, late food, terribly mixed margaritas. The list goes on.
1	Long wait for a table, despite tables clearly being open. After seated waited 20 minutes for a server, and then another 20 to get our drink orders. The worst margarita I've ever had in my life. When discussing margaritas with waitress she rolled her eyes at me as if it was my fault the margaritas were bad. Manager tried to help us but he failed to fix any of the issues. Thoroughly disappointed with every aspect of my visit, especially how terrible the margaritas were. Won't come back for quite awhile, if ever.
1	They took the life right out of it! (Please refer to my review from the OLD Salty Senorita). First of all, what was the BEST thing about Salty S? The happy hour. We could go, get tanked on buckets, and have $5 wings or tacos. The wings, GONE completely. The TACOS? Trendy, tiny and expensive. The drinks? Mucho dinero. They were missing the tamales and tortas from the menu "we don't have them". So my friends and I, and there are a lot of us some Fridays, we all ordered the new "Barrio Queen cheap copy" tacos. And burritos. I feel like I buried a friend. And to top it off, my beloved got food poisoning and about lost the chicken burrito on the way home. Time for a new happy hour, friends!Oh, and my normally $35 bill was $80. Yikes!
2	I loveddddd the old salty senorita they had great burritos, fundado cheese dip and steak salad and of course margarita and great happy hour. I never thou a new location will change this place . I order my appetizer and a margarita and they didn't have frozen machine yet OK I can understand its a new location... we placed our orders and I want it to try something different I order chicken burrito and a chicken fajita order. First we never got the appetizer and the main course was not good my rice was hard and looks and taste old, the beans were hard the chicken was ok . I ask for the hot sauces on the side and they put inside. At the end we order another round of drinks cause we need a drink after eating that and we never got our drinks. Service was OK I guess. All im saying I know they are new and all... But please bring my old salty senorita back !!!!! you guys can do it.
2	We liked the old menu much better than the new one at the recently moved location. Chicken tortilla soup used to excellent.  Now it is mediocre. Margarita was terrible.  Not even a lime slice. Expensive new menu sucks and we will not go back nor any of our friends.
1	Save your money and skip Salty's... This place went downhill with the new spot. Customers service was a joke, to-go food was lousy to say the least (chicken fajitas undercooked, dried-hard rice.. and flour tortillas when the menu reads CORN tortillas) I finally had to flag down a server and ask her to check on my food. The bartenders where too busy flirting with the staff to offer another beer while I waited or update me on the food.There are plenty of spots in Old Town... I doubt I'll be back
1	I can't rate this place low enough. I was a good customer of the old saltys. The old place was decent food, cheap drinks and good service. This new Saltys is terrible!!! I ordered a Coors light draft and it was 4.50. What the heck? My PBR was a small can and 3 bucks. I'm pretty sure this will be my last time here. Good bye Saltys and good luck staying open with all these bad reviews.
2	Worst service. I would think that because of the new restaurant you would increase service. But nope service was slowwww. Took about 15 min till we even got water. We just got our drinks and didn't get anything else. Plus the people around us were soo loud and obnoxious it was horrible
1	If you love the old Salty's then DO NOT COME HERE. If you love Scottsdale corporate bullshit then go ahead this place is for you.The old Salty's was amazing, one of the few places in old town I could enjoy because it wasn't full of rich yuppy's and the prices were actually decent and not over priced.They got rid of the best part of this place which was the extensive drink menu with all the amazing flavors of frozen margaritas. Not to mention one margarita was strong enough for me.  Their food also isn't as great as it was, the nachos are now mad with Queso cheese dip instead of cheddar which makes them horrible in my opinion. This place is just not the same as it was, I really wish they wouldn't have changed the location or how it was set up because it was really one of my favorite places to drink and go to in old town.
4	Great food, appetizers, drinks and outdoor seating.  If you are hitting up a Spring Training game at Scottsdale Stadium, this is a great starting point, but expect slow service on the weekends.
3	Nothing to hate on here, except the prices have increased on a lot of the food.  Food is very good but some portioning (tacos, esp) seemed quite paltry for the $.Our server was very quick and on the ball with a total of 9 people, all of which required separate bills.  Not on the menu is the $2 bottomless chips and salsa...ask for it and they still offer it!  Woohoo!Gone are the buckets o' beer...quite a shame, but Coors / Coors Light are $2 on happy hour.  The ladies restroom, curiously, was in very poor shape.  One toilet was leaking all over the floor.  Two (of 4) stalls didn't have the door locking mechanism.  How is this OK or possible for a new place?Will I be back?  YES. I love a good patio and bottomless chips and salsa and friendly service is enough to get me back.Was the old Salty's better?  YES...
1	Second attempt, same result. Terrible service. Pathetic, cold, bland tacos for $3 each. Ran out of glasses and silverware. Air conditioning blasting directly on our table when it was only 75 degrees outside. So many better options nearby.
1	Worst service.  I went there this weekend with out of town friends and granted it was busy because of Spring Training, but no busier than any other bar in the area.Waited at the bar for 25 minutes for a drink (our mistake), when I tried to finally order from a server she said don't bother it will take just as long with her (WHAT!?!) and then when she got the bartender Joe's attention, he said I'll get to you when I get to you.  That's when we walked out.  Went to the next bar that was just as crowded and was served nicely right away.  And the bathrooms were atrocious. Thought I would give the "new" Salty's a try and will never go back.  Good luck...
1	DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU LOVED THE PAST SALTY'S!This is horrible news, Because it is not too hard to be nice to guests in your restaurant. Party of 6, and we are ready to enjoy our Sunday with great friends, enjoy some drinks and food.We waited 30 mins for our first round of drinks. We waited an hour and a half for our food. I requested a glass with my beer and did not receive it. Our food came out wrong. Multiple food runners came coming to our table asking if we ordered this or that. The balding tall ( he thinks hes really buff) blonde manager came by- he had quite the attitude !  We mentioned how horrible the service was and how we didn't really care for the taco presentation( 1 guest has a handicap & passing tacos out of the taco holder was not easy ) - his reply was "Don't you know how to pass a taco" This guy sucks and needs to go back to planet fitness and work on his muscles, because he does not help any servers doing anything. Service staff needs bar rescue!Beer tub/champagne and orange girls had no line- so we decided to grab a drink from them, they need to be taught how to serve drinks- it was like a 8 year handing me a glass of lemonade from a lemonade stand.   Looks like the owners got kinda lazy setting up the place too- back patio had a bunch of trash-you guys will not survive after spring training!!! STEP UP YOUR GAME !
2	Everyone here is complaining about this place not being the old Salty's. I wouldn't even mind that as much as I loved the old Salty's. The problem is that the it's a taco place without any Taco Tuesday special, the prices are $3 or more a taco and the service is not the best. Not to mention the salsa isn't good either. Too many strikes on a taco joint.They bring out all of the tacos on paddles and you have to sort it out yourself. Bad situation when you've got 10 people at a table and they don't even get all the tacos. The patio is nice and the food is good but honestly it's just not worth it when it comes to price and service. In Arizona there are much better options. I hope I don't find myself here anytime soon. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your time.
1	Minus a Star!!!!  Don't go.  I've seriously had better service and food quality at a 24 hour all you can eat road side Buffet.  The Servers are poorly trained and their are clearly not enough of them. Lastly, Salty's needs to go back to their old menu. Seriously is anybody going to Salty's expecting 5 Star dinning??? Just give me back my damn Jack Taco's. If I want fancy Mexican food....oh wait a minute,there's no such thing;)
2	sad to see and say it, but the majority of the previous reviews have pretty much said it all. we use to love stopping by on our bikes and sipping some cocktails or having some light eats at the old location. but sadly, no mas....for starters, it's right across the street from that dreadful other hangout, with their techno and club music blasting. we ordered a couple of margaritas. mine, the house margarita, was 9 bucks. my wife ordered "their most popular margarita"....it cost 11 bucks! the price of those margaritas alone is enough to get us great food at other locations in the area!we ordered 3 tacos and thought 3 bucks was high, and were expecting these fish and octopus filled, large tacos. instead, we got these teeny, tiny tacos with about 2 slivers of fish/octopus...which could be eaten in 1 bite....for 3 bucks!!! what a joke! and to make it even worse, the fish and the octopus were way too chewy.i have to say, our service was good and it wasn't crazy busy at noon on a sunday, but we both agreed, we can get much better/larger portions of food for the money at numerous other old town locations.
2	Great new building, same sh*t service and food. Go there for drinks but not if you're hungry. 'Nough said.
5	Great for spring training post game ...
1	How do you spell bad! S-A-L-T-Y    S-E-N-O-R-I-T-A!Boy talk about blowing a great location!  These guys need to get a good executive chef to get that menu and kitchen under control!I ordered a Margarita. So-so at best. Then a Tamale that was suppose to have sweet corn...boy that wasn't sweet corn, that was a lump of something floury and yuckie. Your masa sucks guys!   The pork on top was just oaky too. The service was a bit slow.  What's up with those retro white glittery seats, you guys get a special price on them since they were sitting in a warehouse for 50 years!!!!But these guys will draw a crowd just because of where they are, proving that location does matter. Imagine if they could manage a good menu and control that kitchen.  BTW the service wasn't too bad.
3	Food was cold... their last location and menu was better!   Free chips and salsa no longer exist :(!!! Service was a little slow but they seemed understaffed so we didn't blame our waitress. When we asked our waitress about the menu she was helpful and she apparently had only been there a day so that was impressive! We will try this place one more time...if they were staffed accordingly (at least with more girls like our girl Lizabeth?!) and our food didn't come out cold we would be back every week!!!
4	GREAT FOOD! FINALLY!! I don't know what happened since our last visit but we were there Tuesday and sat inside because it seemed crazy outside. This time I brought a friend from out of town...we ordered table side guacamole...yummy! We also ordered a few different tacos and a burrito and all was delicious and came out to us promptly! My last visit wasn't as great but I'm glad I gave this place a second chance! We had our favorite server so far too...which was the icing on the cake! Thank you Elizabeth and Salty for making me look good to my out of town guest lol!
1	Great location to ride your bike to and enjoy  Sunday.  Unfortunately, the positive experience stops there.  Overwhelmed with the drinking crowd, the service was minimal, glasses were dirty and the food is not worth the effort.
1	This is was the absolute worst service I have ever experienced. The saddest part is I heard Applebee's is better. We all came from out of town and visited Scottsdale for Spring Training and picked this spot for our "fun" pre-game place. What a disappointment. We had to ask for a server, once we finally got one we never saw her again. Justin was the only person that actually helped us in any way which was nice. The food wasn't bad, but the service made the entire experience one we will not forget... In a bad way... Save your time and go anywhere but here.
1	Probably had one of the worst experiences this past Friday evening. Was out with a few co workers after a Spring Training game, had been to Salty's when it was at it's previous location a block away and never really had a bad experience. Actually I worked at one of the hotels down the street and would recommend that guest would go there frequently. The new location is nice...bigger patio which was always an issue at the other location. Got to the restaurant around 8:45pm and placed my drink order, which I didn't get for another 20 minutes later. When our drinks finally got there we went ahead and put in our order for food, I ordered ceviche and my friends ordered tacos. 20 minutes passed by and I saw our server frequently check on the table across from us, never came to check on us. Another 10 minutes past same thing, finally an hour passes by and I went over to her to cancel our order. The manger came with our food, actually everyone's food except for mine...and told us he comped our food. Needless to say I will not be coming back here nor recommending it to my guest. Only reason they get a star is because I like the new location. Hopefully others have better experiences but from the other comments I see, they need a few months of customer service training for sure.
1	Mary J's review said it best, "How do you spell, 'bad'?.....S-A-L-T-Y  S-E-N-O-R-I-T-A"We came here last week while in Scottsdale for Mr. Booth's Bachelor party breakfast.  All the places that we wanted to go had 1-2 hour waits.  However, Salty was able to sit 9 of us right away.  After having the meal, I see why.I ordered the Machaca and egg burrito.  The food was just not good.  I had bones in my meat, and the rice looked and tasted more like mashed potatoes.  How hard is it to cook white rice?  And who puts white rice in Mexican food?  A really bad Mexican restaurant does.  That is exactly what Salty is.  It should really be called "Crappy Senorita,"  Or to keep the alliteration, "$hit*y Senorita."  I'll make sure I don't use inappropriate language on here so that this review does not get removed.Anyway, when I come back to Scottsdale, I won't be returning here.  No gracias, no me gusta.Halz3 did enjoy the chips and salsa though......  I'll leave it at that.
5	Summer our hostess was do friendly and got us a table immediate.  Thank you for the smiles.  I can tell your love job
3	Well, tacos were very good and the sides were....just fair.  Patio is nice and drinks are fun.  Not sure if I would go back because there are SO many fun places but its fine for a lovely day to sit and enjoy the sun.  We had good service and lots of refills of chips and salsa!
5	Delicious! I was hesitant after reading the negative reviews... But maybe we just got lucky. Here on a Friday night, we rolled up to a front row parking spot and sat ourselves outside immediately. The Mexican Motor Oil drink was amazeballs, recommend if you're an ice tea fan. Came only for drinks but ultimately couldn't resist the appetizing menu. The queso dip app was fantastic as was the grilled shrimp tacos. Mmmmm. And can't forget the service with a smile! Very friendly staff.
2	Looks a lot better than it is. While the food isn't horrible, it's overpriced for what you get (both quality and quantity) - if it wasn't so expensive, I'd give the food 3 stars, as it is, 2 stars. Had one specialty drink, the one they make at your table (their website is currently not working for their margarita list) and was extremely underwhelmed. Service was good, but out of the numerous places my mother and I ate at this weekend in Scottsdale, this was by far our least favorite. Will not be back.
4	Tasty drinks and friendly service! The street tacos (or baby tacos as my wife refers to them) were better than expected!We will be back...
1	I have never had such awful service. Our original server rolled her eyes when more of our party showed up and gave our table away. It took the new server 15 minutes to get our drink order. At that time we made our food order too because we were starving and ready. It then took getting a manager to get our waters. When we asked the manager about our food, saying it's taken a while he questioned us what a while was, "10 minutes? What do you mean a while?". 40 minutes Fool! Our food took another 40 minutes and was cold and they forgot half the order. My burrito bowl was probably the grossest thing I've had in my mouth in a long time. Not once did our server apologize or give us a timeline. Luckily, he took care of my bill. But when he brought my card back, which they required to hold on to in order for us to even order (who does that?), he had charged me $14 for two margaritas I did not have. This place is a failure at everything they do. I absolutely can't stand places where the attitude of the staff is of total arrogance and entitlement. I was treated as if I was lucky to even be here. The worst!
2	No, just no. I'm upset and feeling all things not great about this new place. Location is fine and patio is great as always but that is where it ends. The food is meh and why did you change the menu? If business is going well and people love you, why change it?! Change is definitely not always good. I thought you were just upgrading location. That new menu of yours is terrible, there's barely anything on it worth ordering. We ordered the happy hour nachos, there was a puddle of water at the bottom of the plate, maybe from watery salsa? who knows but it was weird and they only tasted okay. How can it be that your only quesadilla on the menu is veggie? Why are your tacos made in child size and cost $3 each? Why, why why oh why ever change?!Please, do us all a favor and have re-re-opening party with the old menu back and celebrating all of the good old cheap awesome Mexican food and margaritas that we all loved. I used to go here at least every other week if not more for happy hour, now it's very unlikely saltys will come to mind when we are choosing where to go.
5	We live in Chicago and come to Scottsdale several times a year.  Salty has always been one of our favorites.  Love both the Old Town and Peoria locations.  This year' the Scottsdale location moved up the street.  We tried it when out there in January.  Definitely had some learning issues with the new staff and chef.  Not up to the usual standard that we fell in love with.  Went back this month (April) twice,  in hopes that they had worked out the kinks.  And they did.  From what I understand, new manager from when they first reopened and things were running much smoother.  Food was back to its yummy standard as well .  Love,  love,  love the pork tacos.  Food, service and ambiance all A+.  So glad they worked out the kinks.  We will definitely be back every time we are in town!!!!  Have read some of the earlier reviews.  You Might want to give it another shot too.  Think you will be pleasantly surprised.
5	I ordered tacos while I was here yesterday and they were absolutely AMAZING! The carne asada ones were my fave. Speaking of faves, our bartender was JK and I'd come back just to chat it up with him! Charming, knowledgeable and easy on the eyes! I would definitely suggest it to anyone who finds themselves in the Old Town area
2	Come for the bad food, stay for the horrible service.  Actually, to be fair, the torta and the nachos were delicious and are why this place gets 2 stars instead of just 1.  Everything else though, including carnitas, short rib, octopus and chicken tacos; just... not good.  The margarita was also less than desirable.  Top it off with a brutal live music act and all in all this was just a bad experience.
3	To me this place is just okay.  The drinks are okay, I don't love nor hate them and the food is okay.  In trying to write this review there's nothing really memorable about the whole place.  Nothing negative which is a good thing, but nothing positive either.  This place is easily forgettable and a little bit boring to me and my friends when we went.  I don't see myself returning there anytime soon.
2	Eh. Stopped in one Saturday afternoon for drinks after visiting some of the noisier places in Old Town Scottsdale. Only my friend was seated at the table - I was in the bathroom and my husband and my friend's boyfriend were outside, so out waitress only brought one water glass. When she saw the rest of our party she said she would bring more water glasses but I guess she forgot.I had a bloody mary, which was a little spicy and pretty good. My friend had a couple different margaritas, each which she thought were fine. She was able to get one for only $1 after checking in at Salty Senorita on foursquare. My husband and friend's boyfriend had beer; the beer selection was pretty limited so if you don't like Negro Modelo I would stick to a cocktail or wine.I thought the salsa was good, and the chips were fresh and crispy. The guacamole was extremely salty. It was edible, but seriously salty. After passing the one water glass around the table a few times, we flagged down our server for the bill and left.I don't think I would go back, but we had a nice time despite the poor service and food. If you have some serious time on your hands and like salt, you might like Salty Senorita.
1	New location is HORRIBLE!  It's totally schipzophrinic competing with the blaring music from R&R across the street.  Why, why, why change something that was so perfect?!  Patio feels too new and concrete.  Best things on the menu are gone.  Total fail!  Should've left it where it was and put the new restaurant in the new location.  FAIL
4	While looking for something different we couldn't avoid the great patio if this place and stopped in.  Not knowing anything about the previous location referenced in reviews here I can offer a review on face value.....I liked the tacos quite a bit, upscale in the way of tacos but very tasty at $3 each.  The margaritas we had were extremely strong...I don't usually complain about this other than we had to add water to make them drinkable.  But overall, loved the live music and service was great.
4	Overall a great place for fun with friends.Food: I had the taco chopped salad and it was delicious! There was not a long wait for it either. Very pleased.Service: Alex was my waitress. She is a fantastic waitress, friendly, and knows what she is doing!Venue: I loved the set up! The patio is amazing! Sit outside and enjoy the great weather with some fine tequila. The reason for not having 5 stars:A slight mix up with my tequila order, BUT I spoke up and expressed my concerns. It not only was it addressed quickly and taken care of by the house, but the manager, Matt, came out and personally served us the best tequila they had to make up for the mix up. Very happy with this place! And I recommend giving it a go!
3	This place isn't that bad. Actually, it's fine.I can't remember exactly what the old location was like, and although the upgrade is much nicer aesthetically, there's something about the "feel" of it that's similar (especially to how it fits in Old Town). Salty has more of a straight restaurant vibe to it (not the type of place your gonna hang out at REAL late), but it has a bit of a "hipper" feel to it now so there's no need to rush off to other places after you're done eating. You can stay for a few more drinks.That being said, I came here with a group of friends on a Saturday (late) morning when we were waiting for a table across the street at RnR since we needed SOMETHING in our systems stat and this place was empty. The patio is nice. The bartender was nice. my mimosa (served in a margarita glass) was just fine. I even ordered a steak taco because I needed to eat something before the extremely long wait for breakfast across the street, and it was fine. It was hard to get a real feel for the new Salty Senorita when it was empty on a Saturday morning, but after checking it out I'd be inclined to stop in again (maybe for HH). However, it's still not a place that would immediately stand out when I was thinking of a bar and/or restaurant to hang out at in Old Town.
3	Hey, I loved the breakfast bowl I got here. I think all the breakfast bowls here are really good. Other than that though, the service is just extremely slow.
4	Love their Salty Senoritas aka Cadillac margaritas!  Lovely patio, great ambience, good service from the bartenders - will be definitely back to try the ceviche and guac!
5	Tory was the most friendly and helpful, I had a great experience here tonight on cinco de mayo. Also the guy with the point tail was excellent! I love this place coming back for sure.
1	I didn't know my cinco 2014 was going to start out with a bad taste and ill feelings toward others but a bartender at Salty Senorita accomplished that. I went to Salty like years before to start my cinco night out with a goal of sipping a refreshing margarita, unlike years before, the patio didn't seem that crowded (maybe it's a larger location?). My friend and I went to the main bar, and proceeded to wait patiently for the bartender to take our drink order. It was busy with more than 4 bartenders serving customers along with the manager, my friend and I were able to secure two bar stools, and we waited. There was a group of people to the left of me who got a drink order in even though they had been waiting shorter than us but I ignored it thinking she (the bartender) was just busy and hadn't noticed us, mind you we were sitting in front of where she was working. I remember a group of guys who were standing behind us asked if we were closing out because we had our cards ready but we said no and said we were waiting. 20 minutes had passed and still no margarita, so, we waited more, yes, I could see she was busy but I also noticed she was talking with the guys sitting to the right of us, and she was talking with a colleague at the cashier but for some odd reason when it came to us two sitting IN FRONT of her line of vision, she chose to ignore us, yet again stayed patient because that's how I am, I only get angry when I am being blatantly ignored BUT when the guys standing behind us moved to standing to the left of me, and SHE asked for their order, that was it, I had enough! So, I did what any annoyed customer did, I yelled a HEY! to her to get her attention (prior to that I took her picture), she then turned around (surprise surprise, apparently you need to show displeasure to get service here), and snapped back with, I don't serve people who swear at me! EXCUSE ME?!? when did saying "HEY" come off as swearing? And that was the last straw, I couldn't foresee myself staying there for a drink. I asked for the manager as any customer would and I shared my displeasure with the lack of service I received. Yes, he offered a drink BUT that's not good enough, I refused because I just couldn't see myself spending money. So, imagine this Salty Senorita, afterwards my friend and I went to El Hefe and got ourselves a margarita, then afterwards we were looking to have dinner and proceeded across the street to Hi-Fi, and ordered food and more drinks, when our intention that evening was to go to Salty Senorita, grab a drink or two and have dinner. We spent close to $80 that could have been spent at your establishment but because of the discourteous service of a bartender who lacked the attention of scanning the bar as well as to check who needed orders and such, you lost a few customers. Now, that's sad.
3	Decided to give this place a try after looking around for something new to try. The house margarita was average as were the nachos. The $3 street tacos were average as well...definitely not worth $3. I'm a small person but wasn't full after eating the nachos, chips and salsa (which aren't complimentary...something I found odd), and 3 tacos. The atmosphere was nice and sitting out on the patio was pretty nice as well. The staff was fantastic and the waitress was very helpful but I still found the food average and slightly overpriced.
5	These guys are now open for Sunday brunch!  I must say it was a great experience. The build your own Bloody Mary Bar was amazing! They have more goodies than you can imagine. I thoroughly enjoyed it (only 5 bucks). The breakfast burritos were very good as were the chorizo and egg tortas with avocado. I had been here a couple times early on and had less than perfect experiences. I'm soooo glad I gave them another chance. Service was great too. This is our new Sunday spot. I will also try them for dinner again in hopes I will have a similar experience. I should have taken a picture of the Bloody Mary bar. It was impressive. I will next time.
2	The tacos were good and interesting combos, but not a lot of food, and the service was pretty lousy (slow and indifferent) even on a slow night.
3	Food = 4 starsService  = 2 starsThis place seemed like it has a lot of potential. I'm sure it would have been great on a Friday or Saturday night. The Patio was pretty big, and looked like a great place to just hang out and watch the people or cars cruise on by...We arrived just before happy hour started, not too much people, so not very busy. At first it seemed as though we were going to get some attention. We got a warm greeting as we got through the doors, as soon as we sat down, a server came by and asked if we wanted to see a menu and order a drink. We said yes, ordered a couple of Cadillac margaritas, and asked for a few minutes to look over the menu. Not 5 minutes went by when another server asked if we wanted to see a menu or order a drink. We politely told her someone had already took our drink order & that she'd be back to take our order.  So a couple minutes go by and a completely different gal comes back with our drinks. She doesn't ask if we were ready to order, but just drops off our drinks. Ok, I'm assuming the original girl is coming back right? Finally about ten minutes go by, and the second gal that approached us happens to pass by. We flag her down and tell her that the original gal never came back, and asked if she could take our order instead. She apologized, said they were having some shift changes and that the original gal was still our server, however, she'd be happy to put the order in for us. Luckily, the order came out quick! It's not like we were in a hurry anyway, but the original gal came back to apologize, didn't say why she didn't come back, but at least she said sorry, right? Oh well! On to the food... the tacos were not too bad. My friend and I weren't too hungry, so we just ordered an appetizer and a couple of tacos to hold us over till dinner. The bacon guacamole appetizer was yummy, it was served with some fresh, salted chips. Mmmm. Lots of bacon! Big chunks too! Probably more bacon than guacamole! Jk. (It's a good thing I love love love bacon!) Lol. I think I could have had more servings of it. =) The tacos were good too. Very flavorful. I had the grilled shrimp taco. Loved the avocado in it! My friend had the chicken one. The special sauce got me. Spicy, kind of a kick to it. Pretty good! The margaritas were ok. Nothing out of the ordinary. All in all pretty cool place. There's a bunch of other places like these all over town. I'd say it was ok. Worth a try. If I do come back, I'd come later at night. Like I mentioned earlier, patio looks like a cool place to hang out and people watch.
4	Good happy hour with reasonable entree and drink prices. The tacos are a la carte and very cheap. I recommend the carnitas tacos.. Back porch awesome in cool season as well!
3	I am only giving this review 3 stars because of Matt. We waited at total of an hour and a half for service at the bar and the table, we actually never got service at the table for 20 minutes. That's when we decided to leave. We payed for bottomless mimosas and only got 2 for the hour and a half we were there. Matt took care of our tab, not expected but super appreciated. Thank you for making us actually want to come back just based on integrity of your restaurant. Much appreciated. They were also very under staffed and we get that so thank you for trying guys!
1	food = goodservice = nonexistentliterally did not see our waitressstill trying to flag someone down so we can pay and leave haha
1	The worst service I have ever had in my life. You need different servers that actually care about your customers. I will not ever be coming back to this bar.
4	Just saw some girls in to-to' sand great mimosas
1	I am sorry, but those of you from AZ who gave this good reviews must have some bland pallets.  This placa is AWFUL.   We were a group of nearly 20 on 5/31 and ordered off the menu. Many of us did not even recognize the menu.  Who puts cucumbers in tacos? Who deep fries a tamale? And NO enchiladas? Several of us ordered the steak fajitas because it was close to what we were used to.  Now understand we were from CA, TX, ID, GA, IL, MO, FL and WI.  And we all agreed that the food was seriously bland.  The steak, though tender had not flavor at all.  And the onions and peppers served w/the fajitas were soggy.  The margaritas were bland as well. So I switched to domestic beer. Lastly, we were eating inside and it was extremely warm.  The bathrooms were cooler than the dining area.  Kudos for the tomatillo salsa.  Follow that lead with seasoning and MAYBE you have something.
2	Came here with my boyfriend last night (first time at the new location.) It was dead. They had live music which was pretty good but kind of loud. Our waitress was attentive and nice. However... I got the regular Salty margarita and it was probably the worst marg I've ever had. It was SO sweet I was literally struggling to finish it. I love margaritas usually, but this was just bad bad bad. Nothing on the menu looked that great so we just stuck with chips and salsa (average salsa). Probably won't be returning. You can get a better margarita down the street at Loco Patron or Z Tejas.
2	Service was slow, even though the place wasn't that crowded for a  late Friday evening. We ordered drinks, chips and salsa, and Fundido.  We received the drinks. Waited longer that average. The Fundido appears, but not the chips and salsa or silverware. ...And we wait. We were finally able to flag down a waitress (not ours) and request napkins and silverware. Scurring, our waitress walked pass and we were able to inquired about the chips and salsa and placed our dinner order. The waitress (in no rush) eventually brought the salsa to the table, but no chips...WTH (duh!)  Drinks were great! Food was delicious! Service suck!!!
4	this place is fun a little on the pricey side compared to what it use to be but i do like the new restaurant
3	Inconsistent! I like to bring clients here for a good margarita and some decent apps. Service was great but I only go when I know Elizabeth is working. I decided to try the Sunday brunch and WOW! what a disappointing experience. We ordered from the brunch menu and the regular menu. Elizabeth suggested the tostadas from the brunch menu and it came out soggy. The tacos we ordered were dry and had no flavor. Come on guys...get it together!!! I know this place has potential. OH! and one more minus...the restaurant has no air conditioning! Our poor server was melting before our eyes and it was so uncomfortably warm that it was near impossible to eat. Get some air flow in there!!
1	Went for Saturday brunch - great service and drinks at the bar which took a horrible turn for the worse as we were seated.  The server had to be brand new at this job, at serving in general actually so maybe it wasn't her fault being thrown to the wolves with little to no training.  Our order took about 40 minutes to arrive which wasn't a big deal at first.  Drinks were  very slow to be refilled, we had the margaritas in the goblets.  The drinks kept coming but the empties were never picked up so there was a battlefield of dead soldiers that took up nearly the entire table!  It went from annoying to hilarious because the server visited the table to drop off more drinks and would have to push the empties back just enough for the new drinks to be balanced on the edge of the table, never once did she take the empties away.  What made it even funnier was after waiting a looooong time for another round, the marg showed up, ice totally melted, straw floating sideways on the top, so we could tell it was sitting in the service well for over a half an hour.  She looked up at me kinda knowing the drink wasn't right but she was over it at that point.  I told her it was fine, didn't want to wait another half hour for a replacement.  Paid our tab and never went back, lesson learned.Oh yeah, my burrito was terrible as well, took 2 bites and left it alone.  The new build out was pretty cool though, I don't want to come off totally negative.
4	I stopped in for lunch during the week. The menu is short, but everyone enjoyed their food. Warning: if you order a bowel it is huge! If ordering tacos I would say get 2-3 or you will be wanting more. I had the tamale and it was very tasty. I wouldn't say life changing but decent.The ambiance was great and the service was very friendly. They also have an extensive patio and outdoor area that looked nice, but it was 110 so we didn't venture outside. I also really loved the decor, really cool looking light fixtures.The reason I am only giving 4 stars is the drinks. The water they served us had this salty or metallic taste-yuck. The margaritas we ordered were so weak they tasted like a 7-11 slurpie and the pitcher didn't even full 5 drinks.
3	I want to start by saying, the atmosphere at this place was amazing. They had a really cool indoor/outdoor bar that I could see myself sitting at on a nice night and having a few drinks. On this visit we sat inside at a high top table with a party of 5. We came here for our taco Tuesday tradition. They had two dollar tacos and some drink specials. Our server started out very attentive, but it seemed to decrease as the time passed. A couple times she had a little girl following her around that might have been her kid or something. She would periodically sit down at a table with what looked like grandma, and then start following our server around from table to table. It was definitely distracting her, and when she would check up on us we would be on the middle of a request and she would have to stop to address the little girls question. So that kind of rubbed me the wrong way. I was definitely happy when her shift was up and we got a new server who was much more focused. We ordered chips and salsa for the table, and all 5 of us ordered tacos, as per tradition. I didn't mind the salsa but the general consensus for the table was negative. The only tacos available for the special were chicken and steak. Both meats are cooked in a sauce and served on a soft flour tortilla with pico de gallo and cheese. We ordered a total of twelve tacos, and when they arrived we were missing a few and our plates were all mixed up. Not a big deal, but it was another server error. The steak was good, but the chicken was delicious. The sauce on it was kind of cheesy, and it had sort of a spicy kick. The tacos were stuffed full, which I love sense it was such a good value. Overall I enjoyed my meal.I gave three stars mostly because of the service. However it won't stop me from returning. I would definitely recommend this place on a nice night for some drinks on the outside bar.
1	I was meeting a friend who came down from Prescott for the day and we just wanted sit in a nice comfortable place and have some cold drinks and apps while shooting the breeze.A friend had suggested SS.  Upon arriving at about 5pm on Friday (7/11/14) we found a pleasant and nicely set up restaurant/bar.  Perfect, right?Meh, not so much...We ordered iced tea.  The tea arrives and looks nearly clear.  We comment to Kristen that the tea doesn't appear to actually be tea and she said she would bring us tea from a fresh brew.  She returned a few minutes later with the same water looking drinks.  We tried to explain to her that this didn't look nor taste like tea.  Kristen said she would tell management...  if you have to tell management that the tea isn't tea the management will surely not be capable of fixing this problem.  It's AZ for crying out loud...  Tea is about the most popular beverage in the state.We pressed on.We ordered table side guacamole, fundido, and salsa.  All three were somebody's idea of making more AZ staples in new fun way.  Wrong again.  Pretty bad attempts.We're sitting there, trying to talk and at least enjoy each others company seeing as that would be the only thing we were going to get out of this outing.  And here comes the 22 year old "shooter" girls...  There is less than 20 people in the establishment and we're two 50 year olds having tea and chips and they interrupt our convo saying "hey, let's get wild and crazy" or some such attempt at pushing their wares.I'm sure this is probably a fine establishment to go watch a game and drink margs or beers, but that would be its maximum capability.
4	Finally back to sample the new locations food. It was a pretty empty Saturday night on the big patio as Scottsdale has left the building in the summer. The Salty senorita margarita would be the way to go for 7 bucks - it is a large glass and tastes like a margarita for sure. High praise also was issued for the Rapado. On the food front skip the deconstructed tamale with all your might. This concoction was just a bunch of coca cola marinated beef dumped on top of a deep fried tortilla shell. Now, we were warned both by the menu and the waitress, so no turning back, but this was not a good rendition of the poor tamale. My dish was the ole reliable chicken fajitas. The chicken breast was great, the onions were soaked in a nice glaze, but the beans were undercooked. Overlooking that, the four fresh small flour tortillas were excellent and sturdy and held the fresh guac, cheese and toppings together perfectly. My cilantro lime rice was not there, but I did not realize that until a day later. Good place when nobody is there, but also stick to the basics, do not go for the new age Mexican stuff.
5	The best freak'n tacos I've had in my entire Mexican life. NO JOKE! I had the blackened fish taco and the carne asada taco. Both were delicious. Chips and salsa were great too. Outdoor seating on an Arizona hot night? NO problem because they have outdoor coolers that make it a great night.  Love this place. You will too.
2	Salsa is good and nice thin crisp chips.  Asked for a flight of tequilas and the barmaid and manager stared at the collection like a dog watching tv.  Barman #2 had a slight clue, but basically, they don't know their 51 (closer to 40) tequilas.  Sangrita lame.  Not coming back.
2	Went there on Sunday and it was pretty dead. The waitresses were too busy talking so the service was pretty bad. The mimosas were mostly orange juice with a ton of pulp, barely any champagne in them. Tacos were pretty good but al a carte. Miss the old menu they used to have at the other location.
4	The nachos and guacamole were really good. It was different than the authentic mexican food I grew up with but overall it was all fresh amd flavorful. It was a good experience.  A twist on the traditional mexican.
5	I really like this place for a few reasons. It has a relaxed and fun environment. The food is good, the staff is friendly (young, but friendly enough) and the prices are very reasonable (especially during happy hour). If you're looking for a 5 star restaurant with white tables, this is not the place, but it measures up in likeability because of the aforementioned reasons. I am a chips and salsa fanatic and I really liked Salty Senoritas! There are multiple Mexican restaurants in Scottsdale, and they all vary in taste, decor, etc, but it's about finding the one you like the best. The new manager is also very friendly and often spends time with you to ensure you are enjoying yourself.
3	I didn't give it five stars because I didn't feel it was all that. There were a lot of tequila choices but most were for margaritas and not to drink straight. Our bartender, although new, also didn't seem as attentive to us as she was to a party of men. The nachos were a bit of a disappointment. I did love the flavor of the salsa though.
4	Great tacos open air new location lots of fun and action. Great place to hang. The hummus is fabulous with seasoned flat bread chips.. Yummy. Come here to have fun.
5	I have to give it 5 stars because of the quality of the drinks, tasty food and the personable service of our fun waitress Annalea. We stopped in on a whim and had great service and thoroughly enjoyed the Carne Asada and Short Rib Tacos. We'll go back for a later in the day adventure.
1	I really wanted to like this place.  The vibe seemed really cool.  Actually, the vibe is cool.  And it's nice looking.  But so many wrongs completely cancelled out any good vibes. First, I ordered a margarita blended.  The blender behind the bar was broken. That's cool; I understand that happens.  So I asked for the same margarita on the rocks instead.  The cocktail waitress said, "I don't know if that's possible, I'll have to check."  I replied, "They can't make any margarita either blended or on the rocks?" And she again said she'd have to check.  Hrm.  I was confused, but whatever I'm an easy going person.  Maybe she was new? Fast forward about 15 minutes.  Yes, about 15 minutes before we saw anyone again.  Keep in mind we hadn't even actually ordered any drinks yet.  Our waitress confirmed she could do the margarita on the rocks.  OK, cool.  I knew that would be the answer; glad she was on board now too!  We ordered it plus a beer.  Also ordered some tacos. 20 minutes later: the tacos come.  Still no drinks.  We asked the person who dropped off our tacos about the drinks.  He said he would check.  Cool; we're still patient at this point.  We can eat in the meantime.  The tacos were very, very disappointing.  Little flavor; very boring. The corn tortillas were soggy as though they'd been sitting for a while.  Two of the four tacos had gone cold.  We had planned on mentioning the cold tacos except no one ever came by before we decided we were so hungry we better just eat or pass out in the Arizona heat.  After eating half of the sad tacos, I finally had to chase someone else down regarding our drinks.  They reply they'll look for our waitress.  10 minutes later (at this point we are really timing this) our drinks come.  Great, except we've completely finished our food.  It was very irritating to go to a bar and get drinks served AFTER our sad food was eaten.  It was hot, though...freaking hot...and I can't wait for a nice, cold margarita!  So I dive into it...and it's got to be one of the worst margaritas I've ever had.  At least the beer was good!  Although the credit for the beer doesn't go to the bar, does it?  We even had to chase someone down to get the check.  We paid and left behind my half-consumed margarita.  Oh yeah, and a group of people next to us on the patio had a puppy with them.  It peed all over the patio floor.  A staff member saw the puddle of pee and laughed but did nothing.  Just stepped over it.  Gross.  We will not be returning here and will quickly warn others from wasting their money here themselves.  Again, we wanted to like you, Salty Senorita!  But you were terrible to us.  :-(
3	Salty is right! Ordered the sizzling steak fajitas and my vegetables and meat were caked in sodium. My tortillas were a bit over cooked, as they were almost cracker like around the edges. But, honestly, who doesn't like a lil salt once in a while...!? I gobbled those puppies right up!! I also loved the outdoor seating, and our service was pretty excellent considering we had a rowdy table of 6 girls celebrating a bachelorette! I don't know if I'd rave about this place, but it's good for your buck, and pretty tasty.
2	Came here last night with my bf and his friend who was in town visiting. We all ordered margaritas and wow were they awesome!!! We ordered several tacos which were just ok. I got a burrito bowl which was really good...we will prob come back but just for the drinks.
4	So, I came here after the new location opened. I was sad because service was slow or simply missing in action, BUT I am so glad I returned!  They've got their stuff together now! Service for brunch today was fabulous.  I never saw the bottom of my mimosa glass and the food has improved greatly. We will be back!!! Thank you!!!
5	My boyfriend and I came here a couple weeks ago to try out the new location and were so impressed! Our server Annie (? Sorry if I got your name wrong girl!) was phenomenal and uber friendly. She went above and beyond to recommend drinks and food and make sure out visit was exceptional. We also enjoyed the new, simplified menu. The rockfish and chicken tacos were amazeballs and the recommended torta was just as good. I thought their fried pita chips with cilantro hummus was a cool twist and I couldn't get enough. Tableside guac was so good we scraped the bowl and my boyfriend went to town on the fundido with chorizo. The margarita she recommended was so refreshing and definitely left me 'floating' as promised. I cant remember the name but it was something made with don julio silver and lavender infusions, an unlikely but delicious pairing.The new atmosphere is light and fun, definitely a cool hangout for a lazy Sunday afternoon. We'll definitely be back!
3	The happy Hour situation needs some improvement at least on the food side. They only have five items on the HH menu, none of which are really specially priced and it's nothing like the old days where tons of food was a good deal at Happy hour. You can't even get free chips and salsa. The drink prices are the redeeming quality now as most bottles are either $2 or $3 and a large 32oz beer is only four bucks. The margarita is only $4 as well, so go for the cheap drinks, not the cheap food.
2	The decor and vibe are way classier than the Peoria location, however the service is a bit lacking. It's large, clean, and has indoor and outdoor seating, but it definitely is suited for the Old Town Scottsdale crowd. Their menu is pricier and more upscale than the Peoria location, as well.
5	I tried this place with my mom while she was visiting from out of town. We had a very pleasant dining experience, thanks to Annabelle. We arrived with a localdines coupon and were impressed with how graciously she handled the coupon as well as our order, since we did make some special requests (hold tortilla strips/no rice, etc). The food was delicious (chicken fajitas, chopped salad). Annabelle also made sure we never went thirsty and brought us plenty of refills of iced tea. Thanks!
2	The service was ok .. The food never eating here again.. Shared 6 tacos all different kids none where good! Guac was alright not something I will order again !
4	Visiting from out of town.  We came across this wonderful establishment and were quite impressed.  We first entered and were graciously greeted.  We had the choice of our football game on the TV.  The beer was ice cold, the appetizers were on point and the tacos were out this world.  The staff were courtesy and definitely easy on the eyes.  The owner/manager was out helping and mingling with the guests.  That impressed us because we never see the owners or managers of our local bars.  Kudos to this small business.
1	So I'm sitting at RnR on a Tuesday night when Salty Senorita turns their music up so loud that I can't hear myself think on the RnR patio. I call Salty Senorita. No answer. I call again and someone answers. I tell them I'm a guest across the street and it's unbearably loud. They respond, "What?!" and hang up. What a joke.
1	EWWW this place is ratchet. Plz, take my advice, and don't let the nice aesthetics deceive you! The margarita I had here tasted like bath water mixed with Clorox. They even served it to me in a red Solo cup-- I am not sure why because other people got normal glasses. Good vibes here b/c of the outdoor patio, but the service was sh*t (granted, I only went once) and the alcohol was actually AWFUL. Please, if you want a decent drink go ANYWHERE ELSE. If you want a great drink, all you have to do is cross the street and go to RnR...
1	So not feeling it. The drinks were watered down .. The food came out cold and one of my tacos fell on the table the waitress didn't even offer to replace it. So not worth it. Never coming again.
5	Oh what can I say? My boyfriend and I were in town visiting from L.A. when we stumbled upon this place. We had just driven down from the Grand Canyon and Sedona and boy were we hungry! What initially caught our eye was the fun outdoor patio/bar setting so we decided to stop and see what this place had to offer. As soon as we walked in we were greeted in a very welcoming way and our server came to our table instantly. She right away made suggestions to us and we decided on the Nachos and the Grilled Shrimp tacos. Oh My God!!!! I had never had nachos that tasted soo good! Now I'm back home in L.A. and I keep telling my boyfriend that we HAVE to go back for those nachos because I'm seriously salivating for them!!!!
1	I've frequented Saltys on multiple occasions especially after spring training games. However the last two times have been there have been absolutely horrible. On one visit I paid with a credit card the transaction went thru and exactly two months later they tried to run charges for the exact same amount. My last visit this past weekend resulted in terrible service. Seemed like there was no communication between servers, kitchen staff or bus boys. None of the food came out right and when we sent it back someone else would bring it out 20 min later even though our server brought us the right food shortly after sending it back. Again there was an issue with the billing. Reluctant to use a credit card again we didn't have enough cash. After checking my bank account today Saltys changed the tip amount to increase the bill from $45 to $75. This place is shady as hell. If you do go here I would only pay in cash and I wouldn't go in with high hopes about the service!
4	Definitely amazing Mexican food. Some of the best I have ever had. Good service too....sit at the bar outside.
1	This place seemed like a "froo-froo" Mexican-American bar.  Nothing on the menu even hinted that they were going for anything traditional at all.  The house margarita was way too sweet.  My food was served to me barely warm and by the time I was a quarter of the way through, it was cold.  I sent my dish back.  The blonde bartender gave us our check before we were even done with our first drinks.  I thought that was odd.  It took some effort to even get her to take our food order and get another round of drinks.  I'd never go back.  I would not recommend this to a friend.
1	Went to dinner at this restaurant last night for the first time. When you walk in the atmosphere is actually really cool. The place was pretty empty so when we were told to have a seat anywhere we chose we had a lot of options. After sitting down we watched multiple servers walk by and not one person acknowledged us. After about 10 minutes a waitress came up to us and asked if we wanted anything to drink. I asked her what "Maria's choice" margarita was and she didn't have any idea what kind of tequila was in it. After I got my margarita I asked her again what kind of tequila was in it and she responded with "something with a c". And to top it off the margarita was terrible. I got 3 tacos which weren't bad but they weren't good to say the least. My date got the steak fajitas which came with beans, rice, shredded cheese, guacamole, homemade tortillas and sour cream. It had obviously been sitting out for a while because the cheese was hard, not just a couple pieces, the entire bowl. And the rice was overlooked/burnt. The steak was burnt, tough and so chewy. Our server was nowhere to be found. I had to flag down a different waitress to talk to her about the cheese and rice. She was very kind and understanding. Eventually our server came out from hiding to check on us. Our waters remained empty almost the entire time we were there. She dropped off the check and came by to check for the money multiple times. All of a sudden she wanted to give us service. Eventually she asked us to pay so she could go home.. Luckily I had good company because overall the experience at this restaurant was terrible. At least the homemade tortillas were tasty.
4	I don't know what we thought we were walking into from the outside. The decor was... Interesting? Uniforms didn't match the atmosphere. But, the waitstaff was very nice and knowledgable. The nachos were great, I honk I should've stopped there. I didn't care for the chicken enchiladas. If I were to come back to AZ I would try it out again though.
