5	The In-N-Out Burger on Rural Road & 202 East is always clean, bright, and staffed with friendly kids.  Fast food places aren't known for their well-spoken and friendly teenage work force, but In-N-Out always feels a cut above.  Their menu is very simple.  You can have a double cheeseburger, a cheeseburger, or a hamburger.  They all taste great, and the fries are made while you watch.  There's also an unwritten menu at In-N-Out that has developed over the years.  If you'd like sauteed onions, pickles, and extra sauce on your burger, ask for your burger to be prepared "Animal Style".  I know it sounds goofy, but the cashier will know exactly what you mean- and it's amazing.If you're in the mood for a burger and fries, it doesn't get much better than In-N-Out.
5	Just go here.....plain and simple..... if you like burgers. Anytime I can try an In & Out when I travel I usually do, and they are all great. Being from the East Coast, we didn't have I & O, so I cherish this place, and am excited to have 2 in the area. From a health standpoint, the food is fresh, but I wouldn't say this is something you should partake in everyday. The fries are made fresh for every order, and the burgers have this special sauce that is just oh so good. It is perfect for a late night binge after going out, be prepared to wait  in line, at almost anytime at both the  drive-thru or inside, both move quick, but your looking at a 5 to 10 minute wait time. I heard they have a secret menu, where you can order a veggie burger of sorts, plus other things off menu.
5	I grew up in SoCal and had access to In-N-Out pretty much whenever that craving hit. Then I lived in Colorado and New Mexico for 10 years. Ten long years of torture, unsatisfied cravings and crappy burgers. So it is without shame that I admit that a huge deciding factor in my move to Arizona was the presence of In-N-Out burger.There's no dollar menu, only 3 combo meals and except for the price, the menu is essentially the same as it was 50 years ago. Yet In-N-Out is ingenious in its simplicity. You always know what to expect: fresh meat, never frozen; fresh cut french fries; fresh lettuce and tomatoes; and real American cheese. I live just up the street from the Rural and 202 location. Like every other In-N-Out I have visited in the area, the store is clean and the staff are all friendly and each possesses many more brain cells than your average McDonald's or Burger King employee. If you've never been, or rarely get to go, then you definitely want to go with the Double Double, fries and a shake. If you get to go there more frequently then you might want to scale back to a regular cheeseburger unless you have a really fast metabolism. Also, Google "In-N-Out secret menu" for a complete list of all the secret menu items such as animal style burgers and fries, 4X4's and the like. I definitely recommend the animal style fries...so tastey.
5	Such good fries! And I love their burgers and I'm not even a burger eater usually.If you like fries, if you like burgers, run don't walk to In-N-Out. But beware, if  you don't like burgers, there's nothing for you to eat.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE to eat here!  I never had an InO burger til I was a student at UCI in 1991.  From that point on, I was hooked.  In 04 I moved east and every time I'm near an InO, I have to stop!  I got off the plane yesterday and asked the rental car lady how to get to the closest one.  I'd been once before but couldn't remember the directions.  My partner and I jumped in the car and zoomed over.  We were on a mission.As soon as I walked in and smelled the burger grease, I knew I was home.  I showed some restraint in only ordering the cheeseburger combo (I normally get the double double).  I inhaled my food and left.  I'm plotting as to which day I'll be returning this week--and I will get that double double.  YUM!
5	Double Double Animal Style.  Love it.4 things ons the menu, it is not about selection, it is about quality, and I really appreciate it.  And generally house my meal.As usual the place is clean everywhere, people working here like working here, and the food is cooked and served quickly.  Everything is fresh.The restrooms are ridiculously clean for a fast food joint, private stalls, stocked and checked regularly.  4.25 Flushes.p.s. The combo menus do not save you any money, they just make it easier to order.
5	FOOD: This place is the epitome of quality over quantity in terms of its menu. The only choices are burgers, fries, and shakes. The fries are soo good! Burgers are also amazing for a fast food chain. Shakes are mediocre and I wouldn't recommend getting them. In-N-Out's menu may look basic, but there are some hidden items on the menu. For example, get the Animal Style Fries and you can have that as a whole meal. The fries are covered in cheese, thousand island dressing, and onions. They are good but very heavy. You can get as many patties and slices of cheese as you want. Ask for a "4 by 4" and you will get 4 patties and 4 slices of cheese on your burger. You can even ask them to make your fries crispy if you like them that way. PRICE: Best value in town! Burger, fries, and soft drink will cost less than $6. The low price and great food keep you coming back. ATMOSPHERE: Typical fast food joint, nothing special. It can get quite busy in there though. SERVICE: I think In-N-Out employees are really Carebears in human costumes. They are so polite and very helpful. SKINNY: You don't know what you're missing! One of the best burgers I've ever had in my life, and the best deal in town for a good meal.
3	For fast food in the West, In&Out has my vote. I especially dig the toasted buns and the "something special" they have going on with their burgers. I do not like the fries, but then again, I haven't found any fries in the western US that satisfy me. Your choices are very basic: How many burgers? How many fries? What to drink? Some might scoff at the simplicity, but as a minimalist I enjoy the shit out of it.This particular location is like two stories. Pretty sweet.
5	Arguably, the best burger place in the world.  The only other burger place that enters the argument is Five Guys.  When I stayed in Tempe, In and Out was my best friend.  Definitely, the best fries out there.  The custom orders take on a life of their own.  The service is uniquely friendly for a fast food place.  And, yeah, they stick to the main criteria of a fast food restaurant...FAST!
5	I like eating alone. Love it. Why? Two reasons: I'm an only child and I can appreciate, sometimes, a solitary existence, and two, because I can have whatever I want. What do I want when I want what I want? In n Out. Those crazy religious zealouts have a menu even a vegetarian like me can feel embarrassed that my mouth is watering for... What do I get? Same thing every time: Grilled cheese and Animal fries and a small drink. How much is it? $6.43. How much do I love it? THIS MUCH!!! What are animal fries? They're these beautiful, cheese covered, sauced enriched sliced potato children. Good god.
5	Nobody told me about ordering " double double animal style" but when I caught on to what the locals were doing, I jumped right in and have not been able to do it any other way at this nifty retro keeping it simple burger house!  Nobody makes burgers look like the menu picture...EXCEPT here!  It is a point of pride!  Can we talk for a moment about the fry guy !  How strong. How swift.  How forceful the spud-splitting slices slipping salined into the vats.  Fresh cut never looked or tasted so good.How can I return to the one who has served "over xx-trillion customers"?  And does that vendor count the customers they have disserviced?  I wonder.  But not for long.  I have to be re-jeuvenated as I pass out from brain freeze sipping my FABULOUS malt.By the way...you can get 7 up on tap here!  YUP!This is a must make a meal whenever you meander near MESA or thereabouts!
5	Double-Double Animal Style! Enough Said!! The giant safety pins are pretty cool too!
5	It's what a hamburger's all about.Ever smoke crack? I have. While eating a Double Double off the a$$ of a stripper.  Just like Doogie Howser in Harold & Kumar.  Except it was a Double Double with grilled onions , not a big fat line of coke.I was able to kick the crack. Still working on the strippers.  I will never be able to quit In N Out. Remember to order a chocolate shake.
5	Love it. I grew up in Southern Cali and ever since I was a kid I loved In-N-Out. We now have one in East Mesa off Baseline and Signal Butte.   =)
5	If you want decent fast food at a decent price, In N' Out is definately the place to be!!! The menu is very basic: burgers, fries, drinks, shakes... and I think this is smart because it keeps the long lines (the one downfall of In N' Out) moving. All in all the quality and taste of the food is great!!! No complaints here!!!
5	YUMMY!  Grilled cheese.... mmmmmmmm... They also have Light Lemonade from the fountain and I appreciate that.  I do get fries but I try not to eat all of them.
5	I dont know how its possible for me to give a fast food place 5 stars.  But having this in az.  Oh so nice.  tastes just like I remember it in cali. when  I would go to the beach with the ex-girlfriend.  Lifes simple pleasures.
4	In-N-Out represents the burger.  Fresh cut fries, oh yeah.  Dropkicks any fast food burger chain.  Most likely to be crowded because of this.  The drive through takes a minute too, but the real deal with In-N-Out is the secret menu.  Watching a friend eat a 4x4 animal style is impressive, so be hip to the secret menu and rock yourself a flying dutchman.
2	In N Out tastes like every other fast food joint. Bland thin burger, bland thin fries, bland thick shakes with a high loogie factor. I couldn't even finish my chocolate shake (blasphemy!!!!), it was just so... boring. It tasted more vanilla than chocolate. I don't find the secret menu all that exciting.... it's pretty much just a bigger stack of stuff they've already got on the menu. So what? Fast food is gross. And yet... all these 5 star reviews. Perhaps there's some kind of hormone that In N Out puts in their food, cooked up in a diabolical Christian laboratory, that affects 99.9% of the population. And somehow I am immune. To quote a great man, the designer of the piano-key necktie:"Doesn't anybody notice this? I FEEL LIKE I'M TAKING CRAZY PILLS!!"
4	I was vegan for 1 and 1/2 years until I recently relapsed. I think that America's obsession with red meat and deep fried carbohydrates is the reason why we're all fat. I'm also aware that fully 18% of all greenhouses gasses come from the feed, transport, and processing of animal products. Why then do I give In-N-Out four stars? Because they're different. They have a secret menu. They pay their employees well. Their food is fresh. They refuse to change their menu or advertise on TV. They don't try to seduce your kids with plastic toys. Of all the "Burger Barn" fast food joints you can pig out at In-N-Out is by far the least evil. So eat up! Four stars because I always leave there in a food induced coma.
1	I just moved here about a month ago and everyone said "You have to get an In-N-Out burger".  I was really digging "Whataburger" but I decided to try this place out.  I should have just stayed away.  I had to wait in the drive through for about 15 minutes and my double burger was tiny, cold and raw in the middle.  Not pink or slightly under cooked but raw with an odd char on the outside.  The fries were half burnt and reminded me of "Potato Sticks" from when I was a kid, but not nearly as good.  I let my dog have some of it because it was so gross and it made him sick for 2 days.I'll just stick with "Whataburger" or even McDonald's. I have no idea why this place would ever get a 5 Star review.
5	I love In-N-Out! I love their burgers. I'm obsessed with their Strawberry shakes! And their fries are NEVER soggy.
4	My first time experiencing In-N-Out Burger was in California.  After eating a burger, I felt like I engulfed 1lbs of pure grease.  Don't get me wrong, the burger was good but after I ate, there was a puddle of grease in my basket.  The next couple of hours I felt the grease pumping through my veins, making my stomach feel not to well.  After that experience I haven't been back.  I can admit that the fries are nice and crispy but not the best I have had.Actually, maybe I should give them another shot.  Will I be valiant enough look at that artery clogging burger and eat it again?  Well I have to say trying it couple of more times.  They do have some really good burgers.  EVERYTHING IS FRESH!!
4	INTERNAL MEMO To our valued employees, You are the most integral part of what makes our company wonderful. We want to continue to show our appreciation for all that you do, and that includes the overwhelming number of suggestions we received for our upcoming 60th anniversary. The management team must admit the diversity and scope of the ideas surprised us, but we feel that it is reflection of our talented work force. For example, the suggestion that we close our indoor seating to mimic how our original store in 1948 would serve customers is not feasible. In-N-Out now operates in locales which have inclement weather compared to Southern California, and we believe our customers value this change. Moreover, many of our stores are so busy as to displace a significant amount of our customer base. Along those lines, we are also are unable to implement the suggestion that we separate our customers into two separate lines, one marked "colored" and one marked "white" despite how common this was in 1948. In-N-Out's popularity already ensures that lines are often long, and tests the patience of many consumers. We also are uncertain that our African-American, Asian-American, and Latin American customers would find such a decision compatible with In-N-Out's desire to remain inclusive to the largest market share possible. We also are opposed to adjusting our current portion size to what it was in 1948. It is our opinion that customers would probably notice that we have made our buns bigger, patties thinner, and cheese oilier over the years. Moreover, it is the position of management that importing soft drinks sweetened without corn syrup may be a violation of US law and therefore an unacceptable risk for the company. Lastly, we believe that lowering our prices to those charged by In-N-Out in 1948 is also not feasible. We believe that such tactics are the sign of desperation and not the hallmark of a healthy and aggressive brand and company. Moreover, this might be viewed as a In-N-Out conceding it is no longer the bargain it once was. The management team strongly disputes this, recently price increases notwithstanding. We also have reason to believe that such a move would be viewed unfavorable as we explore our potential IPO next year. In closing, we continue to believe that our employees are our greatest asset. We thank you for your input on this momentous occasion in our company's history and encourage your feedback in the future. Sincerely, Your Management Team
2	I only  go here out of convenience and it's better than going to another fast food chain.... ie (burger king or Jack in the crack)I usually order the secret menu stuff like, Animal style fries and Lemon up.Sometimes the fries leave a bad taste in my mouth afterwards. Sometimes they also give me stomaches.... :-\Fulfilling, but not craving?
1	If I put an In-N-Out burger in a McDonald's wrapper, you'd hate it. I'd hate it. Everybody would hate it.This place is one of those things that gives you some sort of perverted "foodie cred" if you claim you like it. Sure, I'd choose it over the big fast-food chains, but that's like saying I'd rather be kicked in my left testicle than in my right testicle.In the end, I'm still being kicked in my nuts.But if you're the type of person who thinks "ironic t-shirts" are actually witty, then you'll probably love In-N-Out.
1	Over rated dreck. Its about time we call a spade a spade. Come on people, its a mediocre burger joint with not a lot of options. The fries don't hold heat at all and are good for the first 45 seconds and anytime after that they are basically cold mushy potato chips. The burgers are alright but go to Dairy Queen and get the mushroom swiss burger or the Flame Thrower at DQ if you are looking for a fast burger. Oh yeah, the shakes are foamy crap, the ones I have had were barely chilled and gross. The animal fries my wife gets looks like someone threw up all over a plate of fries. No thanks.
4	I'm posting this review to overwhelm all the other 1-star stinkers out there. You know who you are! Come on, people. 1-star reviews should be reserved for food that tastes like live bait or has squiggly hairs in it! If you don't like fast food hamburgers, then why the heck are you going to this place to begin with!??? Sheesh.The quality and service at In-N-Out are always consistent. The ground beef is of average to above average quality, and they will cook your fries extra toasty if you want them to. They always get your order right... What's not to like? I only eat here about once a month, but I'm never unhappy when I do.
4	Ok, so first things first, this is a pontless review, I mean you most likely have your opinions set already, but if like me, you move Westward and have always heard of the mythical in-N-out, I figure this might be of use to you.A) it's a chain fast food joint. So set your expectations there. Do I have a favorite burger place? Yes. Is it a fast food joint? Why no, no it's not. Neither is it this FAST (hence the name fast food eh?) or hve a drive through, or so handy after a long day dragon slaying and I just want to get back to my cave and prop my feet up.So lets dispense with the silliness, this place is what it is, it's cheap, surprisingly cheap, fast... usually VERY fast (unless there's a hella rush)Service so friendly that it's almost scary! As for the food, the meat is decent quality for a chain and fresh, not frozen. tasteless lettuce fresh and crispy for texture, and onions either grilled or fresh cut, your choice.Now to what I tend to order... yeah they have a secret menu, and I've played with it a bit, but I only tend to go when tired and haven't planned in advance, and since I don't care enough to memorize the secret menu, all i know is "animal style" which isn't bad at all, adds a bit of flavor and messiness to the burger, although I only had it the once.The buns are fresh, as are the fries, so i find that they benefit from extra toasting, order them both "well done" I find that especially for the fries, it makes a world of difference. The well done fries are much better than the usual ones.More texture and crunch etc...As for the burger, i like fresh onions, so add lots of those, and they have never let me down. To the people that view the animal style fries as gross because of the way they "look'? So what? How do they taste? and if it just wasnt for you, then fine, but I have never had them myself, and cant imagine I would ever order them because they looked good (or good for you!) I mean figure out the ingredients, art for the eyes was never the point!I want to try the animal fries myself, i just haven't. If my fast options are Chick-Fi-Lay/Panda Garden/In-N-Out/Hardee's (Carl's JR out here)I would probably go for one of the burger joints, with the awareness that the entire meal at In-N-Out would cost what the burger at Carl's costs, but sometimes I don't go for cheap, and some Carls are decent.)But as long as your expectations are reasonable, your not gonna be disappointed by the In-N-Out food.Even if it isn't what you like, its good stuff for what it sets out to be.Might try that DQ burger a earlier review mentioned if the situation arrives.
5	The 5 star rating is in comparison to other fast food joints (i.e. Mickey D's, Burger King, J-Box ect. NOT sit-down joints... I would take a Four Peaks burger over I&O any day!)I usually get grilled cheese with frilled onions, but I have had many a burger here. Fries are really good, but they do not age well, often becoming a little nasty on the ride home (202&Rural to Rural and Apache, not a long drive). Best staff in fast food, best food in fast food. Best burger in the world? Please, go to a real burger joint for that title, not fast food!
5	first date :)
4	In-N-Out was on my list of west coast fast food joints to check out on my trip.  I don't even eat hamburgers, but I liked it.  First, I LOVED the limited menu.  I hate when you give to many options to people, and they take forever.  My friends liked their burgers, so I'm guessing its good.  I ordered the fries, and they were probably the only fries I ever had that tasted like potatoes.  I really liked them, and the odd but normal taste of potatoes was good.  The place was swamped, but everyone had their orders in a couple minutes.  Bonus points for the counter boy who brought me my fries with a smile.
4	I tried In N Out Burger for the first time.  Eventhough it's a fast food chain, I wanted to try it since it's a West coast thing that doesn't exist in TX.  I thought the burger was very good! (I'm pretty skeptical of eating hamburger meat at fast food joints).  I've had better fries, but the burger was very tasty.  Like other reviewers said, it IS just a fast food chain, but it hits the spot if you're craving a burger. I also liked the straight forward menu- you pretty much know what you're getting!
5	I wish I could give In and Out TEN stars, because I would.  We suffer from a great travesty in the Midwest by not having any.Just FOUR WORDS: Number Two - Animal StyleIn and Out=HEAVEN
5	A born and raised Californian, I will always love In-n-Out. Their burgers are 1000 times better than Sonic, and it's so cheap and delightful! I used to hate the fries when I was little, but they've grown on me.
5	In-N-Out How I love thee!!! As someone who's been living in phoenix for a few years, I must say this Californian burger is adored !!Its a staple, its simple, no frills- a classic hamburger with fries. And a milkshake if you have enough room for it :)Everything is fresh (more or less)- I adore the hand sliced fries. I find myself easily amused in the drive through watching them annihilate one potato after the other in vats of hot bubbly oil.... mmmmmI usually get their cheeseburger with onion- always HITS the spot.They have a "Secret" or formerly secret menu this animal style! Lets just say you must have quite an appetite with the extra sauce cheese and fried onions. On fries its amazing, but be prepared to pop a pant button or two :)Service is always spot on-I think this place has been very well received and reviewed. Unfortunately what makes in-n-out what it is, is location, southwest and west coast... wish it was a bit more widespread :(
4	Dang that's good!
5	I don't eat any other burgers except In-N-Out and 5 Guys...and honestly, I don't even eat fast food except for those two places (sometimes I cheat by getting tots from Sonic...but rarely).When it comes down to it, how can you subject your self to the frozen patties of other places and the low quality, yellow french fries that are oh-so-common.I just won't stand for it...it is not worth it to me.  Go to In-N-Out burger or just don't eat fastfood.  It's pretty simple.My standard order: # 3, Animal Style...pink lemonade with Sprite/7-Up.
5	No need for a long review.Every In-N-Out I have ever been too has been amazing.Great FoodGreat Customer ServiceLove this place
5	I love it! Good burgers!
5	In-N-Out is a truly spiritual experience with a burger. When I bite into my Dub-Dub Animal Style I seem to transcend to a higher level of thinking and realization, but then 10 min. after I'm done, I simply go into a foodcoma and pass out. There are virtually no flaws in the In-N-Out world. I do admit that this place gets overly busy during primetime, but that's just foreplay, baby! You get the delicious aroma that makes the hairs on your neck stand up and tingles your whole body. You get to the window and see the staff members making the food, its like a porno! I'm telling you!  The staff is always soooo nice and they will do whatever you want...and I mean whatever...When you get this burger, it's all over, complete foodgasm. This place is so great for a late night binge, I am actually going as soon as SNL is over....can't wait, so excited!!
5	Meat is MURDER!!!!!Sweet tasty tasty murder, and no one knows how to prepare a grilled burger and make the tastiest fries around like In-N-Out Burger.The drive-thru line can be long a lot of the times, and for good reason.  Of course, the thing that differentiates their long drive-thru lines is that they actually move rather quickly so I never mind waiting for all that grilled goodness.The only thing that could make their burgers better is bacon but that's like saying the only thing that can make something wet is water.Bacon or not, everyone should pay homage to In-N-Out burger =)
2	Overrated. I would probably chose it over McDonald's or Burger King, but I fail to see what makes people go totally apesh*t over this place. The burgers are good, don't get me wrong, but they're nothing like what some people make them out to be. And what's with the lack of condiments? Blasphemy! Oh, and "spread"?!? WTF is this garbage that you're trying to pass off as an acceptable substitute for the variety of burger toppings that, for reasons I'm unaware of, aren't available here? Whatever this crap is, it's nasty. Fries are average, and their shakes are ok (mine was a bit thin and runny). Reminds me of a low-budget Steak'n'Shake, which has MUCH better shakes and a lot more variety on their menu. (if only I could transplant one of these bad boys from the midwest...)Again, even after eating here numerous times, I still fail to see how this place could even come close to living up to the hype. Sure, the whole "secret menu" was a genius marketing gimmick, but this place is mediocrity at best. If I want the best possible "fast food" burger, I'll go to Culver's which is far superior and gives it's patrons what we deserve...some freakin' choices!
5	WHY oh WHY do they not have a single decent hamburger joint in Chicago!!!! I was just at in n out last weekend with a friend and stuffed my face with glorious greasy in n out burger and animal styled fries.... mmm artery clogging deliciousness. I love this place. Its timeless, you go back after a week, a month, a year, the quality is still spot on, you get exactly what you ordered- and that is what makes this place what it is.I cant wait to come back.
5	How I love your burgers so, your french fries are delightful. It's flattering for my waistline that I eat you only on West Coast time.
2	Maybe I just went on an off night, but I was NOT impressed with their burger and their fries were disgusting. Being from Chicago, I think my expectations for burgers was a bit higher and I had heard so much about this place, but I was let down greatly by the cheeseburger I got.On top of that the best way I can describe the fries were that they tasted like someone had tried to rip off McDonald's fries... but they were stale and not hot. Gosh, those fries were icky. They ruined my appetite for the burger and had me wanting to drive to McDonald's just to have a different taste in my mouth.I can say that I would never go back here. I'd rather hold out for some Portillo's because In and Out was a huge disappointment.
3	I don't get it. I've been, oh, probably 10 times. I get the cheeseburger meal. Now, don't get me wrong, the burgers are excellent. The fries? Not so much. Ok, sure, they are fresh, but they have no flavor and taste like cardboard. Its cheap, so thats always a plus. They are always super busy and I get it. But I can't agree with the 5-star reviews. If there was a 3.5 review, thats what I'd give. I'm in between a 3 and 4. If you want a GREAT hamburger and support a local restaurant, ran by local owners, head down to university drive in tempe and get an amazing burger at The Chuckbox.If you stick with a chain? I think Fatburger has these guys beat.
3	Its cheap, greasy and fast.... I don't understand the rage that makes it so popular. The burger seemed so ordinary, and the fries were good but nothing to write home about. I ordered a double cheese "animal style" and it was fine. It was fast and affordable but unmemorable. I just don't get it. Its not as if I don't like the place, but my sales manager about pissed his pants when we spotted the restaurant. If he is happy, I'm happy.
4	The food is great here, this is my favor fast food joint! The meat is never frozen and the fries are sliced from the potatoes the get in daily. This place is always busy but the burgers and fries taste so much better not to mention healther if a fast food place can be healther the another. There's not 12 different value meals just 3 nice and simple and they have milkshakes that are great too!
5	This In-n-Out is awesome because when I was here there were a lot of coeds in bikinis.  That has not been my typical In-n-Out experience so that was definitely a bonus.  I'm a big In-n-Out fan so what else is there to say?  You can see all the In-n-Out Burgers I've eaten in 2010 in this blog entry:http://pulp.orangephotography.com/genex/?cat=174
5	i don't know what they put in their food, but in n out can cure even the worst of hangovers. i'm talking level 5, head hanging over the toilet, don't know whether to puke or poop, head pounding, can't get up, kind of hangover. i will get up (or make my girlfriend take me) to in n out to remedy the hangover that the previous nights debauchery has left me with.the menu is so simple and that is the true joy of in n out. i don't need the fancy schmancy double pound bacon western burger or the jalepeno triple patty annhilator. all i need is a classic cheesburger and a side of fries. or if i'm feeling adventurous, i get my fries animal style, covered in cheese, grilled onions, and that delicious special sauce. i think it might be the sauce that cures me, cuz no other burger can remedy my hangovers. my girlfriend is a vegetarian and gets a grilled cheese animal style, which is stuffed to the brim with cheese, veggies, special sauce, and grilled onions. so good i forget that it doesn't have meat in it, and is instant gratification for my stomach and head.always great customer service, drive thru can be long, but it's worth the wait. and in the 50+ times that i've been there, they've never messed up my order. great service, great food.
5	Their burgers are great but I've never been one to go out of my way for one. I get the double double with cheese protein AND animal style. YUM!Now, I normally wouldn't review a chain like this but I was so impressed the last time we went I had to share.There was 5 of us, all ordering something just SLIGHTLY different than anyone else, all different drinks and sizes, some combo meals some just the burger, some protein style others just animal or (like mine) both. It was a Thursday and the line was long. LONG.I mean like really lllllllllllooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggggg.It was almost as long as when the chain first came to AZ.But they kept it moving quickly and got our order PERFECT.I just wish they'd do something about their fries already!
3	For a fast food style burger these guys do pretty well. While I would much rather spend the time at Indulge Burger, David's, or Deluxe.. When time is of the essence I'll always pick this place over the ol' Mc-King-Taco-Box chains! What I like best is that they keep it real simple: "You want a burger and fries, or a burger and fries?"
5	OH MY GOD!  I HEARD ALL THE RUMORS ABOUT HOW WONDERFUL BUT HAD NOOOOO IDEA UNTIL I TRIED IT FOR THE FIRST TIME!! I had to use caps to discuss my love for In-N-Out burger.  I tried it for the first time - double animal style with fries and chocolate shake - I went for it...cut out he bada bing and just had the BOOM!   I was so nervous ordering but the lad was so kind and cute and probably like 13 1/2 years old. I'm in love.  I really am.  I would get on a plane tomorrow again just to fly to get In-N-Out.
5	5 stars. Nothing else needed. If you haven't eaten In-N-Out yet and you are currently in AZ... if you're not a vegetarian.... are you from Mars?Get in here and order a #3 right now.
1	This place is always busy. I don't get it.The burger is plain. The fries are plain. No pizazz, no spice, no unique flavors, nada.Eating here is the theoretical equivalent of going to a Dairy Queen where the only thing on the menu is a vanilla cone.
3	Its good stuff but i dont understand the hype? its all very fresh, taste good but not the best. better than any other fast food burger place. and its cheap! milkshake is good! i do love the fires tho! i love onions but not theres, its just to dam much! just good fast cheap food!
5	I like to think that an In-N-Out burger is what a krabby patty burger would taste like, AMAZING.  Fast food is hard to come by that is truly quality and not just quantity. Recommendation: If you are in Arizona or by one, GO!
4	I'm convinced that the people who work at In-N-Out are either robots or being force fed antidepressants. They're the happiest food service people I have ever met - EVER! I love the fact that In-N-Out's menu is so simple. I don't have to decide between 87 combo meals, or what sides I want. I get a choice of 4 burgers and fries, and that's that. I got the protein style burger to work around my gluten free diet, and the lettuce was fresh, burger  tasty, and did I mention that the service was SUPER FRIENDLY! !
5	Good quality and basic = just right.  Very effieceint and hard working team behind the counter as well.
5	Best fast food burgers anywhere.
2	I just don't get it! The burgers are empty with barely any taste, the fries are always cold and leave a disgusting greasy film in my mouth, and the grilled onions taste like slimy slugs.I want to like this place, I really do. I'm forced to eat it at least once every six months because every single person I know loves it and acts like it's Gods gift to fast food. (hence the psalms on the cups) This place is like fast food for elitists. "I won't step foot into a McDonalds but In&Out is so indie and different that I'll allow them to serve me~"The hidden menu is what really gets me. Having "secret items" on your menu doesn't make you cool. It doesn't make your customers feel special or exclusive (unless they're idiots). It just makes me feel like you're too cheap to update the menu that you've had since the dawn of time.Did I mention that there is ALWAYS a giant line? Both in the drive through and the dine in. Theres never a good place to sit and it's always packed. If I didn't know any better I'd think it was Club In&Out.That being said, when I'm forced to eat it I'm unhappy but never physically ill like I am with another extremely popular place that I hate (chipotle). Also the employees are really friendly and service is pretty quick considering how long the lines always are. I know I'll most likely continue going here with people close to me for the rest of my life but I would never pick it on my own or suggest it to outsiders.
5	By far and near as well, in'n'out has the best fast food burgers around. There burger sauce is especially goo on the fries and you can even ask for chili peppers! Not a fan of animal style because I like fresh onions, but animal style fries are a meal in itself. Go crazy with those carbs, otherwise make mine a double-double!
1	This is not a review of the Tempe In-N-Out Burger but all of them.  I do not even begin to understand the craze over this place.  You begin with a line that no sane person would actually wait in for a really horrible burger.  Then you get through the line and get your burger.  The sauce they put on those burgers is so SOUR it affected how everything else tasted and ruined the whole meal.  I thought ok, maybe it was just this sandwich.  I tried it again, the lines were LONGER because they had been here about a month longer than the month before, and again the WORST meal on the planet.  The hamburger has just about enough meat to fill a whole in a cavity in your tooth and the sauce is AWFUL.  I will NEVER go here again, even if everyone else in my group is, I'll hie my butt over to Denny's and get a burger with some meat and flavor.
5	This is not the one I was looking for. The one we ate at was the one in Apache junction arizona. However it doesnt matter since all of them are great. The burgers are made with fresh meat and the french fries are cut right there and fried in good oil. The price is unbeatable and the line moves really fast. We have eaten in at least 10 different in and outs and they are all fantastic and the price is right. Try them.
5	I've been a fan since I lived in L.A. It's a good thing it's in the opposite direction from work to home or it would become an addiction. I love the animal style or when I'm feeling good the protein style burgers. I like the way they make their fries and when I'm feeling really bad I order my fries animal style. I've never met a worker there that didn't look like they were enjoying their job. They all have great attitudes.
5	great food. great service. get the double double animal style with animal style fries! perfection... and scripture on the bottom of ur cup! love it!
2	As for "fast food" burgers, these are decent.  The BURGERS at least.The fries?  Please.  They are AWFUL.  Let them get cold and they are WORSE THAN AWFUL.Anyone who says these are "the best burgers they have ever had" has just not tried enough good burgers yet.Try Lobby's.  Or Chuckbox.  Or Hillside Spot.  Or Deluxe.  Or Roaring Fork.In-N-Out has decent "fast food" burgers.  But are they the BEST BURGERS ANYWHERE?  Not a chance.
1	I honestly do not understand peoples infatuation with this place.  The fries are terrible and the burgers are barely edible.  I have tried several In-N-Out Burgers to make a fair assessment, and they're all nasty.
4	As someone who came out to ASU from the Midwest, I have to admit that one of my favorite things in Tempe is the In N Out by the 202.  Before I came out here, everyone I had talked to from the West Coast raved about In N Out burger and they hype is well deserved.   In N Out is fast food, but its the most fresh and flavorful burger I have ever had, and for some reason, even the bun tastes better than at most places.  And for anyone totally new to the place, order Animal Style on your burger, you'll definitely be glad you did.
5	We are from a land barren of I&O. The LOML almost lost his mind when we discovered I&O across from the hotel we stayed out while visiting family. He has spent lots of time on the west coast and lived on these burgers, apparently.He ate there about 5 times over 3 days. I hate burgers and I even ate there once and liked it very much.It was cool, burgers were great, we were happy. That is all.
4	Not the greatest burger I have ever had but I dug their style and it was damn good after a fun hike up Camelback. Definitely try it out if you haven't yet.
5	This is one of my favorite burger joints because they re the most consistent with great tasting burgers and fries! No matter where I go, I always find myself comparing their burger to In-N-Out.  This particular location is a frequent stop for me and my friends.  The service is awesome and friendly! There burgers are delish and they really fast.
5	If you are reading a review on In-N-Out...I am slightly worried that you have been living in some sort of underground shelter for way too long. Then again, you may just be looking to see what items to order to shake up your current order. So here's my favorite: grilled cheese...yes, they make grilled cheese at In-N-Out and they are oh-so-good! If you order just a grilled cheese it will come exactly like the cheeseburger minus the meat; they throw on all the same toppings. You can also order a grilled cheese-plain. This will be the toasted buns with a cheesy center of wow! I like to get one of each, one plain, and one regular minus the sauce and sub regular onions for grilled onions- so in a sense, animal style minus the sauce. :-) I also like their fries. I will get them animal style minus the sauce. You end up with a box of fries with melted cheese and grilled onions. So good! And the bottom half usually doesn't have toppings so you also get some plain fries. Wash it all down with a coke! All American Yumminess!
5	If you are in the mood for a fast fresh prepared as you order burger this is the place to go.  I recomend doing a google seach and looking at their 'secret' menu that list multiple different options and variations ontheir food.  I am a huge fan of the mustard grilled cheeseburger.  Fries are delish.  This isn't gourmet but they dont pretend to be.  The decor is 50-60'2 style throwback drive in.
4	My wife loves this place, she loves that all the food is all natural.  The only fast food place she will eat.  That is good for me..   Great job in n out.
4	All I can say is....protein burger....yum! At first I wasn't a fan of the fries but now I love them.
5	I don't eat very much fast food.  I tend to cook at home most nights.  When I'm in a state that has In-N-Out Burger, though, I make an exception.Truth be told, I've never thought of In-N-Out Burger as fast food.  It is true diner quality -- which is a compliment.  I'm talking about the diners of yesteryear.  When diner food was like home cooking, but with a much bigger grill!I've been to a number of In-N-Out Burger's in my day.  Something I appreciate at each location is just how much the staff seems to enjoy their job.  Now, I don't have much fast food experience.  I don't know what it's like at one of the big chains, like McDonald's or Burger King -- but I've heard from friends who have worked at one of those places that it is a fairly thankless job.  I've never met a person, sans an owner of a McDonald's franchise, who said they loved to work for the golden arches.  But, people who work for In-N-Out Burger are always so...jovial.  It's actually quite jarring.  This location is no exception.It opened at 1030AM.  We were there at 10AM because we were driving into town and figured it would be easier to wait than to drive back at a later time.  At 10AM, they were already helping customers and making orders.  Why? Because they had a line of people and cars that was there before we arrived at 10AM and they want to make their customers happy.  A simple philosophy that seems to be too often forgotten these days.Of course, everyone seems to know about the secret menu, so I won't explain my order to anyone.We got:Double Double  Animal Style - it was exactly what we hoped it would be.  Flavorful, juicy, well-cooked and delicious!  These burgers really stand the test of time, as well, due to a wonderfully sweet and decently dense bun.Fries Well-Done Animal Style - These fries are a gift from whatever god you believe in. Secret sauce, grilled onions, cheese and deliciously crisp fries make for a mouth-watering experience.All in all, a great location that went above and beyond to take care of its customers.  As an aside, for us, 1030AM equated to 1230PM since we live in Texas and had just driven into town.  Watching all these college kids eat burgers and fries for breakfast -- well, I wept for my love of pancakes and bacon.Another aside, most In-N-Out Burger locations still don't know the "On the Sal" secret menu item.  It's a side salad with secret sauce (a bit like thousand island but better).  So, order it whenever possible!  :D
4	I rarely miss the chance to eat @  In-N-Out Burger when I'm in the West.  Stopped here and the employee helped us discover the "hidden" menu.  Double Double Protein style is the way to go.2x meat, 2x cheese, fries and a diet Coke is my goto at In-N-Out
5	IN-N-OUT is the -KING- of fast food burger places! I am from SoCal is so is IN-N-OUT.  They are a HUGE hit there, but it's not as much, here in Phoenix I've noticed. Double-Double is a like a backyard burger..delicious! Crispy lettuce, lots of fully-melted cheese (not kinda melted like at most fast food places). Fresh fries from potatoes that they chop up right there in their store, thick shakes made with real ice cream! ....The prices are very reasonable because they stick to the basics: Burgers, Fries, Drinks & Shakes...That's it... No salads or chicken or fish sandwiches here! ....The Best over ALL others!
4	I eat here a regularly, but realized I've never given them a review! The menu is simple, and if you want a "fast food" burger this is the only place to go.  I typically order the double-double w/o the (thousand islands sauce) and onion (this saves not only by breathe, but about 200 calories), and have them add ketchup and mustard. I do have to say the fries are just ok (5 Guys' are much better, but then they are 1400 calories for the large, so I'll eat these ones and be happy my waist is not expanding).  Always lined up during the busy hours, but the line does move fairly quickly.  Just a great burger!
4	I wish that In-N-Out would open up on the east coast. Shake Shack is good but In-N-Out is where it's at! I am not a fast food fan normally but I make rare exceptions when I'm on the west coast and I see the glowing lights of In-N-Out because I know that some Animal Style fries and a double double are within reach.
5	In-N-Out NEVER Disappoints. 5 stars all the way!!! =)
5	Always love in-n-out! Best burgers and fries on the west of the mississippi!
5	My husband frequents here for their Grilled Cheese...secret menu...shhh!
5	Best fast food burger. Hands down. I would sacrifice 1000 fast food restaurants for a single location of in-n-out. Definitely a west coast bias here. Get a 4x4 with the fries animal style.
5	Best fast food burger join in phoenix - can get busy at lunch time, but they have always gotten my order right!
4	I'm not gonna tell you what you already know about In N Out.INSTEAD........Secret: Find out what a Double-Double "animal style" is.Go ahead, google it. Thank me later.So juicy and scrumptious it's insane.Don't worry, just order it, they know what you're talking about.It's part of the "secret menu."
5	It's pretty much a given that In-N-Out is amazing and if you don't like it, then there is something very wrong with you. So this rating is for the service. This is probably the busiest location, but the food comes out pretty quick considering all the people. I didn't realize how great the service was here until I went to an empty In-N-Out in North Scottsdale and my food took forever. Oh and quick tips, my favs are a neapolitan shake and animal fries, YUM!
5	Times have changed. Unfortunately, I am no longer a Sun Devil. I am not in between classes and certainly don't look the age of a college student. Therefore, I feel like I stick out like a sore thumb at this particular location. Do I care? Nope. In-N-Out is good no matter what college campus it is on :) As with most of their locations, GREAT customer service and a fantastic product. Nothing like a grilled cheese (animal style) to make you feel a bit better about life.
2	I don't understand what all the hype is about with these burgers.Yes, they are cheap.  Yes, they cook as you order.  No, they are not flavorful and could use some hamburger seasoning.  The huge onion, even for this ShrekCousin, is just too much in a tiny burger.  AND they're always so packed....WHY?  It's like this side of America has given this joint a big name for no reason that I can understand.The fresh cut fries are too soft.  Fries are meant to be crispy on the outside and soft on the inside with some salt lining the outside, served warm.The shake was not sweet enough.I've been here a few times as a suggestion from someone else, so I've given it multiple tries to impress me and it's failed the test each time.  Everytime after eating from this place I'm just not satisfied and would rather eat a hot dog and chips from Circle K with a thirst buster.
4	In-N-Out is a solid burger joint that's worth going to if you're ever in the area.The wife and I both had burgers with french fries. To be honest, I don't like the shoestring fries, which seem to go stale in a hurry and are a bit dense for my liking. But it's okay, because the burgers, with mustard and/or a special thousand-island style dressing more than make up for it.The beef tastes fresh, and it's seasoned lightly. And I think the buns have a light coating of butter or oil, and they're wonderfully soft to boot.There were a ton of people here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon, so you might have to take your food outside.
4	In & Out.  If you're missing your gallbladder like I am, In & Out is appropriately named.  LOL  BUT, as a treat every now and then, I don't care.  Though, I'm sure J would love it if we went more often than not.One of my favorite things about - Cheese paper (cheese thats stuck to the wrapper that you peel off)!!  LOL  :D  Our burgers - Mine - Single with cheese, extra toast (on bun), add onion. J's - Single with cheese, extra toast, add onion.         Double - Double, extra toast, add onion. Reasonably priced food.  J says that the shakes are pretty good.  The fries - Meh.   Skip the fries!!
3	My suggestions for In-N-Out:1) Secret menu -- Just Google it. 2) Grilled cheese for those who don't like hamburgers3) Two by two, animal style, no special sauce, add hot peppers (for those that do like hamburgers and onions.)4) Fries well done -- It is an experience. That's all I'm going to say.5) Milkshakes are meh and super fatty. I usually get the strawberry lemonade.I hope that helps.And why three stars, you may ask? It's a regular old burger place, which makes it "A-OK" in my book. If In-N-Out offered a vegetarian burger and/or better fries, then they would be in the 4-5 star range. Alas, In-N-Out does not.
4	My husband's former employer said when we get to Phoenix we must go to In-N-Out. He said the last time he had one there was a line out the door. Not much of a beef burger person, we stumbled upon this burger joint as we left Ikea and decided to try it. The emergency granola bar I keep in my purse wasn't working.There was no line out the door, who wants to wait in line anyway. We both ordered a cheeseburger (no tomato, no special sauce, no ketchup for me). It arrived in a card board container which was kinda cute and everything was hot and fresh. My burger has a thick slice of onion and several crispy lettuce leaves. The burger itself was just okay, but the freshness of the toppings won me over. My husband's had a big slice of tomato. Did In-N-Out live up to the hype from his former employer? Not exactly, but it came pretty close.
3	The menu is minimal and the burgers are solid.  Quick and easy.
5	How can you not LOVE a burger place where everything is FRESH! No freezers and a burger only costs $2!!!!This location is great. They have a drive-thru that goes very fast. Often they have a person waiting to take your order instead of yelling it into a speaker box. For a combo meal you can get a cheeseburger, fries & diet coke for $5 and some change. The restrooms are clean and the service is very fast. There's plenty of parking & after you eat lunch, walk over to Yogurtland or Starbucks for dessert.
5	My favorite burger. Period. This might be in my list of last meal foods. Food is always fast, fresh and delicious. It's awesome to still be able to find an old school style burger restaurant with a simple menu. You want chicken? Go somewhere else. You want turkey burger? You're in the wrong place. You want a salad? Get the hell out of here. You want a juicy burger with fresh toppings? In N Out is the place!Outdoor seating is nice and ample. I usually bring my dog and sit outside, weather permitting. She loves fries and watching the birds.This place is great and will always bring me back to my childhood. We used to always go to In N Out whenever we were in California. It was always a special treat for us since it was only located in one state.Favorite secret: Animal Fries...trust me...
5	Best fast food ever.
2	Of course I feel like a freak being one of the few people to give this place less than 4 stars, however, I just don't see what the big deal is. Limited menu is some how elitist? What? Since when is that fashionable? What am I not seeing here? Apparently there is special lingo, and "in the loop" type service. How is that a good business practice and how can people play into this charade willingly? I just don't get it.Bad, dry burgers, limp fries, limited menu, and hipster air. And I've been to different In-N-Out Burgers, all the same. Don't get it, I don't recommend.
5	Protein style well-done.....going, going, gone! Every time it's the same for me.....the grilled onions are a MUST! Just recently, I added the indulgence of Animal-style fries to the order. I'll never go without again! As for the chain, I know what to expect and am never disappointed. As for this location, I was greeted with a smile, given prompt service, and found a nice clean booth to have one of my favorite fast-food  lunches when visiting AZ.
4	The only thing that I would have liked better would have been if it would have been closer to campus.Then again I'd probably have to get my Animal-style cheeseburger and Dr. Pepper EVERYDAY in that case and it would have been mobbed by even more students than it already was. On second thought I'm glad you were just far enough a way that I wasn't always broke as a joke, spending all my money on chocolate shakes.I was even able to work on my math homework while I was there:DELICIOUS+cheap+quick = In-N-Out!
4	Great for the price! But greeeeeasy!
5	Just like home!  Every time I'm visiting a place with In N Out I have to go because it always reminds me of home.  The food is awesome and the prices are amazing.  For a double double cheeseburger, single cheese, french fries and 2 shakes we spent $11.  The shakes are super thick and excellent on a warm Phoenix day.
5	By far the best burger for the buck!  My 3 kids and I grind here regularly for a little over $20.  And I've got two teenagers! God help me.  So it's not gonna appear on  any diets but so what?  Order an animal style, some fries and a chocolate shake and invite me!!
5	DOUBLE DOUBLE, don't be stupid
5	I came here to have my first In N Out Burger, and I was not disappointed!  I had a double double, animal style fries, and a milkshake.  When I'm on vacation, I don't like going to the same place more than once... we went back to In N Out.
5	In the word's of Spongebob Square Pants, "I'M READY!" After ten months of more Mcdonald's than I've probably eaten in the past ten years, I'm ready to leave Australia and return to my home country, the meca of fast food. Though, I am an avid fan of the New American cuisine (vegan friendly & fair trade) I WANT SOME MEAT. I've made a list of all the fast food spots I plan on hitting up upon arrival back to the states. This list reads as follows: 1. In N Out2. Whataburger3. Wendy's4. Taco Bell As you can see, In N Out's my number one and this is simply because it's the best. It's funny to see that Mickey D's isn't even on the list when I shamefully admit that my roommates and I eat there maybe once or twice a week.. gross, I know. Last night over a double hamburger, fries, and a sundae all for 9 dollars, I began explaining In N Out to my house mate. In N Out isn't a place you go for just anything, most people know exactly what they like and order just that, time and time again. Though the menu is small and simple the big tastes explain it all. The patty's aren't large in any way but the fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion combined make their burgers hard to get a proper bite in your mouth all at once. I'm not the biggest fan of the fries so I usually opt away from them and snag a couple of my friends though I have come to In N Out alone before (which is not pathetic on any level). So yeah, like I said I get the same thing every time switching back and forth between their delicious lemonade and milkshakes. The good thing about this location is the Yogurtland in the lot right next door. So if you ever see me around the Grigio, dont be surprised if I head over for some dessert after my 'gourmet meal'.Note for vegetarians: If you're a vego you can order off the secret special menu. This menu is not spoken about, kinda like that guy on Harry Potter who's name shouldn't be said out loud. If you know about the menu and order it theres no problem but there's no chance you're getting an employee to tell you about it! Sorry, I won't be sharing their secrets here but if you're interested definitely look up their secrets online!Since I've been living in Australia, I've realized how condiments aren't that big over here and find it frustrating how they charge you 50 cents for dipping sauce. Sometimes I can't be bothered spending extra on sauce since even Macca's is an expensive meal but baby do I love me some sauce. In N Out's, Special Sauce is so delicious and definitely worth the extra money for a packet. Though its probably just a mixture of mayo and ketchup (kinda like big mac sauce) it's an essential add on. This is fast food but you shouldn't expect it to be quick and easy. Every time I go to In N Out, there's a drive thru line through the parking lot. Thankfully, they've got employees who wear goofy outfits standing outside with Ipads sending your order in when the drive thru is like this.I understand I may have gotten peoples hopes up but I suggest going into your first In N Out experience with low expectations. I was honestly so dissapointed after my first try at an In N Out near LAX maybe Arizona's In N Out's are just better? I think I had just gotten my own hopes up but whatever the reason was for it to be so bad, I swear after my second try I became addicted.
4	We don't have these in Florida, but I went to one while visiting family in Arizona. They are pretty good. Second only to 5 guys in my opinion.
5	If you're looking for a great refreshing burger with freshly cut fries, this is the place.  I highly reccomend dining in rather than taking it to go simply because the fresh cut fries are likely to get cold and soggy quick.  If you're adventurous, try getting your burger or fries "animal-style", while it's not on the menu the employee working the register will know what you are referring to.  Animal style consists of melted cheese, special sauce, and grilled onions, simply delicious.  Another great menu option is the protein-style burgers where the bun is replaced by crisp refreshing lettuce.  Finish off your classic American meal with one of their three thick milkshakes!
5	This In and Out is right across from my hotel, the Aloft Tempe.  It is what a burger place should be, a bunch of young teenagers who take pride in their first jobs.  $2 for a great cheeseburger, $6 for a combo w great fries and a milk shake is worthy of a last meal.  The burgers put the high priced burgers in Manhattan NYC to shame---Ray's Hell Burger wannabes.  In and Out is a throwback to a time when fast food was about quality and affordability.  This place qualifies for Hall of Fame All Madden status.  I miss those days after swimming in a meet or playing in a basketball game where we would go out for burgers and shakes.  It doesn't get better than In and Out!  Arizona Baby!!
3	Havent had this joint in awhile. Simply, heaven. However, this particular location made us a dried out burger and fries! Friendly staff though.
4	Double-Double, no sauce, cheese fries, diet root beer...This is all I ever order at any In-N-Out (i loathe russian dressing)This is where i go when I come to AZ to visit family.What else is there to say about In-N-Out that hasn't been said??? An awesome place to get a cheeseburger.
5	Can't say enough good things about In N Out Burger. It doesn't matter what location you go to, their food is always the same (AMAZING)!!!
4	Decided to try this place, since there aren't any In-N-Out Burgers in the Midwest.  The fast food was actually not half bad - color me impressed.  This is probably because the restaurant enjoys economies of scale, since people tend to come quickly in waves (hence the "In-N-Out").  The atmosphere was *definitely* college town, and it was quite loud and busy for 11:00 p.m. on a weekday.  The milkshakes are also very good!  If you're out late at night and you need a pick me up, this is the place to go.  The only reason why I took a star off is because it can become a *bit* too messy for my taste, but all in all, it was never distracting or uncomfortable.
5	Being from the midwest I always crave In-N-Out when I know I am traveling to a place where I know they exist.  This location provided the fix.  They had a fantastically clean restaurant, very friendly staff,  and the classically great food that I count on from In-N-Out.  As always, a MAJOR recommend. Especially for people who don't live in areas served by In-N-Out.
5	This In-N-Out is almost always packed, which makes me a bit nervous. But hey, since that's a personal preference, I won't knock off a star.As usual, this restaurant offers flawless casual fare, just like the other locations. Dear God. Their chocolate milkshakes have a perfect thick texture, and their food can always be customized. Whether you want three patties on one burger, lettuce as a bun or a milkshake with all three flavors, you can get it here.My tried and tested favorite is the double-double Animal Style with no tomatoes. It has not steered me wrong yet.
5	Official In-N-Out opening time is 10:30 but this one was already open & filling up at 10:25 this morning!  Friendly cashier Jonathan Ru took my order & I was able to land my favorite booth location for this In-N-Out floor plan, just like the one in Burbank, CA.Now an In-N-Out burger was the first thing I ever ate outside of my family's houses, & my first burger ever.  It was Sept. 6, 1950, I was 3, & my dad had just surprised my Mom with a brand new Powder Blue '51 Chevy convertible for her Birthday.  She took me to In-N-Out, the only one then.  It was on Highway 66 in Baldwin Park, California.  (Amazingly, Highway 66 is gone, but that original In-N-Out is still there & looks about the same as it ever did!  The street is now the service road to the 10 Freeway.)I loved my Cheeseburger (except for the onions...  Mom took them off.)  Also, amazingly, the food is still exactly the same as it was then, except that they have expanded the menu some to include the Double Double, and the "secret" items.     :-)Ok, here we go:*  OMG, this Double Double Burger with everything is SO AWESOME!     :-))*  And the generous serving of Fries (ordered well done)?  The most potato-y tasting fries on the planet!  No gimmics, no seasoning, just pure 5-Star potato taste!.     :-))*  And the Chocolate Shake?  Thick & delicious with just the right viscosity so that you can (carefully) "drink" it!     :-))*  How about VALUE, you ask?  (Ok, or you don't ask.)  Take this perfect shake, for example:  Not $4.99, not $3.99...  $1.99!!     :-))Double Double Cheeseburger:  $3.20French Fries:  $1.50So am I trying to say this is the world's best burger chain?  Uh...  pretty much!!     :-))
1	I believe In-N-Out is the most overrated burger in the history of the world.  It's a bigmac with better vegetables.  Their fries have absolutely no flavor; I'd rather eat cardboard.  Are the burgers better than McD's and Burger King?  Of course, but that's like being proud of being the toughest kid on the chess team, or the most talented player on the Girls Basketball team.And compared to other locations this one takes forever.  The last time I was there a friend was in from out of town and had never had In-N-Out.  We were two of 6 customers in the entire place and it took 15 minutes to get our food.  After taking a few bites of his food his exact words were, "why did we wait 15 minutes for this?"  It summed up all my feelings about In-N-Out.  It's good for fast food (assuming you think 15 min is fast) but it's not a real burger.  Too bad, because it's insanely convenient for me to eat there.
4	It gets SUPER busy and seating is hard to get.Double double animal protein style.  You won't regret it.
4	You have to love the In-N-out!   Enjoyed them since I lived in California in  the 1980's.You have all those better burger chains like Smash Burger (which is good) that tries to compete with the all time great In-N-Out and they just can't you can get a double/double with fries and a drink for less than $6.50 and the same at Smash Burger is $10.00.
4	In-expensive and always good. Animal style! Well done fries!
5	I was only lucky enough to have access to In-N-Out for the two years I went to ASU. I was recently back in AZ for a visit and this was a must. I could say it's just a cheeseburger and fries but it's so much more. In my particular case, the more was "Animal style" everything. It's fresh, it's simple, and it cannot be replicated. This location is almost always busy but they get it done fairly quickly and with a smile! Cannot wait to come back.
5	In and out enough said. Place gets packed right next to the college
4	Please...no matter whatever the location, the service is always friendly.  Burgers and shakes are very solid.  The burger is a little better when it is done animal style.  I usually alternate between strawberry and chocolate flavors for my shakes.
3	i will say that i don't know what all the craze is about in-n-out ... their burgers are ok. for me they are too greasy. and just because they have a secret menu doesn't make their food any better. i go to this one in particular mostly because it is convenient. and the staff is friendly. service like with most in-n-out's is good but it take a long time to get your order ... not necessarily fast food.
4	Having moved out of California and in to Houston, TX, I absolutely missed In-N-Out - the only fast food I'll ever cave for.In-N-Outs are pretty consistent across the board, but I was a bit disappointed with this location, hence the -1 star. My go-to order forever?: 1 cheeseburger, grilled onions, chopped chilies, medium rare.The guy at the counter told me they don't do medium rare...Um... "..."I don't see why they won't (or wouldn't), but I just said "Ok" and went about my day. While it temporarily filled the hole in my heart where In-N-Out goes, it was merely satisfactory, not outstanding (so yes, on your elementary-school-like report card, In-N-Out of Tempe, you get an "S", not an "O").As a side note, give this a try, and see if they're willing to go along with what you want: http://aht.seriouseats.com/archives/2011/03/the-in-n-out-survival-guide-we-ate-every-single-item-on-the-secret-menu.html.
3	I went to this location of In n Out last night aaaaat about 1:30 am. Yes, I had had some beverages. That alone should have made this experience extra delicious....but it wasn't. There was a long line, understandable. When we got our food (I got a cheeseburger animal style, BF got a double double) it wasn't up to my expectations for In n Out. The bun didn't have that little bit of crispness that I've experienced at other locations, the tomato was mealy, and they skimped on the onions. Next time I have had some beverages and am craving In n out (which is a seldom occurrence) I might keep driving to the Mesa location, which I have had better experiences at.
4	I drove all over town because I was lost. I thought I knew Tempe. You would think I could use Siri or my map on my phone.  No I guess I am stubborn.Anyway I did find it but it was not easy to get into the area so I had to drive around again until there it was right in front of me.  Finally I ordered a burger,fries and a diet coke.  I was content and could try and find my way back to Chandler.  Well once again I used my keen senses to find my way back.  I was so happy to be home.  I am glad I live where there is no In-N-Out but if there was one around home I think I would seek it out here and there.  I love burgers but I really am crazy for their fries.
5	East coast visitor in search of the infamous west coast burger. Lets just say thank goodness there's a GPS and map app on our cell phones nowadays or I might have starved to death in the desert.  This location seems to be easier to get to from everywhere.  (For outsiders, don't let "Tempe" fools you, it's closer to Scottsdale and Phoenix than the other ones)I was told of the not so secret secret menu. So I went and got a cheeseburger animal style. We ordered one order of fries to share and a milkshake. The fries is big enough to share, and is the less impressive item.  Don't know if it is as lightly fried everywhere else, but I like my fries crunchier.  The most impressive thing is the price.  My cheeseburger was $2.20.  It's not a huge burger but it filled me up just fine.  The entire meal was just over $10 with tax for 2. The menu is simple. And the amount of employees with their cute little white uniforms and the hats are abundant. So even though it was packed the service was fast. Guess I am now on the In-N-Out bandwagon.  Now if they can open one up in my neck of the woods...
5	I love you guys!!Quick and friendly service no matter if I'm in LA, Daygo, Phoenix or Vegas!Burgers are always scrumptious! Cheap eats too.
2	Let me preface by saying that I almost never eat fast food. Nevertheless, I think I can list about 20 fast food places that I find superior to this one. I finally stopped in to try In-N-Out after seeing the rather large parking lot at this location permanently full and hearing the rantings and ravings from people all over the universe about the franchise. First, coming within about a square mile of this place will put you in a (likely life-threatening) nuclear fallout cloud of grease - so extrapolate that a bit to think about what I experienced walking into the actual door of the building. Second, I was a bit disappointed to see that they literally sell only hamburgers and fries. Why are there not a few other American fried food classics like onion rings and chicken tenders, or even a few different styles of burgers or related entrees? Third, I would say that the cheeseburger and fries that I had were pretty terrible, even as far as fast food goes. It is kind of like putting that aforementioned greasy nuclear cloud into your mouth and intestines. This really makes me wonder why anyone marvels at In-N-Out, unless they've never had anything else. For anyone who likes In-N-Out, I would recommend perhaps a Steak 'n Shake or Culver's as a well-rounded, higher-quality, still affordable and greasy fast food place. Since this is the only In-N-Out I've been to, I can't say that there is anything particularly wrong with this location. Instead, I can confidently say that I'd choose almost any other fast food franchise over this one.
4	4x4 Animal Style!!  Here we go!
4	Wow! What a line! I now its good, but wow! They are working hard to get all those orders out. Check In 7:08PM. Order 7:12PM, food in hand 7:21pm. That's pretty good for the massive rush they had.
5	Once upon a time I was a die hard, never failed beef jockey for Five Guys. Loved my meaty, cheesy, greasy goodness with all of those toppings and fantastic fries and peanuts and and and... You get the idea. But then I moved west and started boarding my horses at Papago Stables on Tempe Town Lake (bad idea, the Papago part, not the move) and continuously caught whiff after spectacular whiff of the burger joint across Rural/Scottsdale Rd -- and then my husband fessed up and told me he'd been cheating me of In-N-Out simply by lying through omission of it's magical and mystical beefy properties of heart attack invoking goodness!Double-Double? Onions? ANIMAL STYLE?! What sorcery is this?! And that SAUCE!!!! I would trade every Five Guys in the world for yet another spectacular nom-hour with In-N-Out's Double-Double. And let's not start in on their strawberry shake... To die for. Holy strawberry explosion in my mouth! Steak And Shake should be extremely worried about this franchise should they decide to invade eastward. So much bang for your buck... In your mouth... Sideways... These guys are Burger Porn Stars, and I'm totally hooked
5	Am I rating this In N' Out, or all In N' Outs? I can't be certain, but I know this location was clean, bright and staffed with friendly people who seemed genuinely happy to be doing their jobs. I think this speaks to how well the company treats their employees, but whatever it is, it makes for a great experience.And ohmygod, the food. I make a point to go to In N' Out on any trip I make to the West coast. Each bite of a double double animal style is like taking a bite out of an angel's halo. And I will tear into the French fries like nobody's business, even though I try to avoid them at other restaurants...I mean, especially fast food restaurants. This is fast food at a different level. Crowning achievement, the chocolate milkshake. Or get a neopolitan if you're feeling fancy. I will sign a petition In N' Out to come eastward. In fact, I'll knock on doors to get others to sign it too. Although this could make me quite fat. Let me rethink this.
5	Great fast food place!!  The prices can't be beat and their food is excellent compared to other fast food places.  I love the "veggi" burger (aka, grilled cheese and topping burger).  Also, love the secret menu online!
5	I'm tempted to take off a star for the pricing at In-N-Out Burger as I find their prices to be slightly above what I consider fair for an amazing burger. But since their burgers are great--I will keep them at 5 stars. This location, like many of their locations, is usually very busy. However, considering that they are right down the street from ASU (where everyone loves them) I think their level of busyness is understandable. I've never had to wait more than 7-10 minutes at this location and I usually have a special order and visit during peak times. Besides the fact that their burgers taste amazing (ask practically anyone, they'll say the same thing) I love how fresh everything there is--if it goes into your food it is fresh and never frozen. I also like the fact that In-N-Out Burger pays their workers well, it is refreshing to see a company treat their workers with dignity and respect.
3	I love in-n-out but this is one of their busier stores that I have been to! The food was good but service wasn't exactly "in-n-out".
3	I love In-N-Out, but this is the first time I've got to give them only 3 Stars.  I recently came to this location and ordered:Cheeseburger Animal Style, $2.25http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/in-n-out-burger-tempe?select=K7mA8k4ZMqZ0ga-DN0-wdQ#K7mA8k4ZMqZ0ga-DN0-wdQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/in-n-out-burger-tempe?select=EUJfvJBibUcaWvjeggno5w#EUJfvJBibUcaWvjeggno5wFrench Fries Animal Style, $3.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/in-n-out-burger-tempe?select=MocfGFJGvCqJYX4_rR_7VQ#MocfGFJGvCqJYX4_rR_7VQSmall Soda, $1.40The Cheeseburger was perfect....had all of the flavor that I've come to love about In-N-Out.  The Animal Fries on the other hand were terrible....they were cold and chewy.  Unbelievable, because they cook it fresh....they must've left this order on the counter while they finished by Burger instead of giving me a fresh order of Animal Fries.  It was a little disappointing because I normally have a 4 or 5 Star experience at an In-N-Out.Oh well, maybe I caught them on a bad day?  Return Factor - 60%
4	I know it's a chain. I know it's a fast food burger joint. I know they have a small menu. I know. But damn, is it good. And damn, do they try their hardest to make fast food with quality ingredients. And damn, do they serve the heck out of anyone who walks in their doors with a smile. These four stars come hard-earned.
5	I finally got to IN-N-Out Burger!!  The burgers were everything I expected them to be.  The shakes were outstanding.  The fries, blah.  You can do without those.  Yeah, they're fresh, but absolutely flavorless.That said, the burgers ROCK!  Can't wait to go back.
4	Wow, this In-N-Out was packed to the gills on Friday night! Despite it being so busy, there wasn't any wait to place our order, and there were still seats left for us to enjoy our meal. Even though they were slammed with orders, we still got service with a smile. Our order didn't take too long to get made, and soon we were enjoying our cheap yet tasty burgers.I decided to go out on a limb and try something completely foreign to me in the realm of burgers- protein style (Substitute wrapped lettuce for bun)! I had it with cheese, and also animal-style. I shared some fries, well-done (i.e., they are fried twice instead of once), and a fountain drink.The burger with no bun and lettuce wrapping was quite good. the crisp, fresh lettuce was a good complement to the hot grilled burger patty and condiments. Despite it being wrapped in the requisite paper pouch, it was still a messy meal as the lettuce does not soak up any of the grease and sauce like a regular bun will, so as I ate more, the paper got soggy and juices started to run down my hand and arm. While I really enjoyed the burger protein-style, I think a single patty just isn't enough for me, since I was still a bit hungry after chowing down so next time I will try it double-double!The fries, when "well-done", are a whole lot better than their regular style. Frying them twice made them quite crispy, and the extra frying adds more flavor to the potatoes. I do appreciate that they use freshly cut potatoes though!They are open late at this location- Until 1:30 A.M. on the weekends and up to 1 A.M. other nights. Overall, a good way to start the end of your work week right!
5	Writing this review around lunch time and its making my mouth water and day dream of more In-N-Out! The menu is simple burger, fries, and shakes. No crazy combos or an endless list to chose from.  Except for you can add the secret menu into the mix.  Im from Texas where sadly there is no In-N-Out and even I know of the delicious secret menu! I always order my fries animal style!  Honestly, I wouldn't eat the fries if they weren't animal style, only because their fries are not super crispy like I usually like my fries.   With that being said, all there food is amazing and its all made fresh.  Yes, this location does tend to get busy, but they keep the line moving surprisingly really fast. No worries... In-N-Out will be in your tummy soon!
4	After hearing about In-N-Out Burger for years, I finally was able to try it while on a trip to Phoenix.Menu.  I walked inside and was immediately impressed with the simple menu: hamburger, cheeseburger, double-cheeseburger, fries, milkshakes, soda.  This is a burger restaurant, so why should they clog the menu with lots of other things--if I wanted to eat chicken or fish, I'd go to a place that specializes in those foods.  The simple menu made it really quick to decide what I wanted to eat.Service.  The counterperson acted like a genuine human being--not the typical, fast-food robot.  From this point on, the word "genuine" repeatedly came to mind.Food.  The cheeseburger was very good, but not exceptional.  I was pleased to read that the patty was not frozen, as would be expected.  The fries--which they said were freshly hand made--were exceptional.  I can't ever remember having fries that tasted this good anywhere--really crispy.  The chocolate shake was very smooth--also made from genuine ice cream instead of some powdered box mix.  It was definitely better than any other fast food milkshake I've tried.Restaurant:  The restaurant was cleaner than most fast-food places as was the bathroom.Overall:  I would certainly be happy to eat at In-N-Out Burger again.
5	The place was packed around lunch time, which can be expected.  So I sat outside in 109 deg weather (which locals are used to, it's a litle warm for a Yankee), and started to roast and didn't even realize the metal table and bench were piping hot and leaving burn marks....Because when  you have a plate with an animal style double double in front of you, there's just nothing else in the world that matters.I miss you already In-n-out.Small request, and I don't mean to knit pick.  please learn how to make french fries.  I  know you do it naturally and such, but let's get it together guys..in 2013, a plate of fries that doesn't have a week's worth of salt in them shouldn't be considered a culinary breakthrough.  That said, I forgive you because  your cheeseburgers make me so happy.Also, service is very friendly and fast.  Def give them credit for navigating the chaos and still being nice about it..
5	How can you say a bad thing about this place? Went here to satisfy a burger craving the other night and they are the only place that gets my crazy order correct. I usually get a DoubleDouble with cheese, Animal & Protein Style, extra Onions. The drive thru is usually long, but moves at a good pace. Tip: If you are going to go through the drive-thru and stop by the tree on the left with all the birdies happily chirping their beaks off, ROLL UP your windows  cause they gifts of their own to share.
5	I'm gonna be one of those people who say they don't eat fast food......But really when I lived 3 blocks from in n out I was getting a double double once a week. I'm from the east coast and we have amazing sandwiches you can't get out west, but as far as burgers go nothing compares. How does in n out make every burger so damn perfect? It's clean, happy and bright inside, everyone who works at this location is so nice, my food never takes longer than 5 minutes (and since I get it to go I always finish it in the car before I'm even home then immediately need to take a nap).
5	Their burgers are delicious (kinda small tho)  and fries are different, but good. the strawberry milkshake was delicious too, but kinda hard to drink using a straw since its too thick (thicker than normal milkshakes I've had).
5	In Galway,Ireland here,heading to Tempe next week for booze and fun....looking at eats around Tempe....In n out burger is getting a visit defo
4	3x3 animal style protein style hold the mustard. After two visits, I have my order down.Milkshake is good, but not great.Iced tea is excellentBurger is very goodAtmosphere and service is excellentbut I prefer 5 Guys
4	Fast and friendly. Drive-thru was 10 cars deep, but I had my order in the passenger seat within 10 minutes of placing the order. Convenient location off the highway and plenty of parking.
5	I support  the idea that in-n-out is a great fast food restaurant for several reasons. First, in my opinion, in-n-out has a great quality of food. For example, the meat is prepared fresh everyday, so it will taste delicious. Also, French fries are prepared well everyday and it's the most fresh French fries I have ever eat. Second, I think the quality of service at in-n-out is high. For instance, the workers there are friendly. Finally, in my point of view, the price of range is low for a student. For example, all social classes can eat from it. In conclusion, I advice everybody to try it and I hope you like it.
4	As far as Burger joints go: In and Out is perfect to me. They have a limited menu which means they're going to get it right.Sadly, I have stopped eating meat again...so I'd really like if they had some delicious alternative to cuddly cow flesh. Still, I keep coming back for the animal fries. I know they're sooo bad for me...there's something seedy, dirty, decadent, bad and wrong about them - So of course I have to have them!Everyone's got their fave burger place, this is mine. They're open late so that's helpful as well. Sweet : )
5	Just moved from Indiana and wanted to find out what all this hub-ub was about with this burger joint called in-n-out. DIDN'T know what I was missing. Best burger that wasn't $30 that I have ever had!
5	I LOVE their burgers.  Classic and tastes great all the time. I can't get enough of protein style hamburgers.
5	Oh, I love thee In-N-Out.Unfortunately, long distance isn't working very well for us. I'm head over heels smitten, but you refuse to make the move for me. I need you in the Midwest. Need.Yet, while we are apart, our passion only grows. .Double Double with Cheese, Animal Style. Animal Style Fries. Vanilla shake. Be still my heart.Fin.
5	I was so excited to find out there was In-N-Out near by when I moved to Arizona. Being a California girl this is a major plus. Another major plus is that this location is amazing. My boyfriend and I tend to have very complicated orders and they have yet to mess them up. I also receive fast and friendly service from all of their staff members wether I'm going through the drive through or dining in. Sometimes it looks very busy from the outside of the store, but they are still able to get your food to you fairly quickly. It gives you time to go to the bathroom, get your drink and find a seat, anyways.
5	Kaylee is the best!!! Great service!This is the best in n out around!Get the double double!!
5	I can't visit a state that has In-N-Out, without coming by for my beloved double-double animal style with chopped chilies. Fresh, inexpensive and delicious.
3	Totally unimpressed it was Sat. afternoon my wife had an urge for In-N-Out, the closest one was Tempe,location. Burgers were dry, bun was dry and the fries even though I know they are hand cut fresh are still not as good as McDonalds. I won't be back soon for a Double double.
4	Of fast food burger joints few places are as well known in areas where they have absolutely no store presence as the chain "In-N-Out Burger". While visiting Arizona on a business trip I was aware In-N-Out Burger was a fixture in the area, and it had been well over a decade since the last time I had stopped at one. Since my first pair of visits to In-N-Out Burgers in California in the early 2000s, I've seen people wearing In-N-Out Burger shirts, read countless articles about the chain, and decided the next time I'm near one I'll give it another shot. My feeling in previous visits to In-N-Out was that while good, and inexpensive there was nothing exceptional about the food there. Would I notice something I didn't before?When I arrived at my hotel in Tempe Arizona I was immediately able to spot an In-N-Out location and visited several times during my two week stay. On my initial visit I ordered a 3x3 which is three beef patties and three slices of cheese served "Animal style" which is with lettuce, tomato, the beef patties being mustard cooked; pickle, extra Thousand Island style sauce known as "spread" with grilled onions. I also got Lemonade and animal style fries which added spread and onions to the top of my fries. Overall, I thought the burger was very good, especially for the price, but that even with the spread the fries were a bit lacking. My next visit I went in a slightly different direction, passed on getting any fries and just got a regular 3x3 burger without the animal style additions and a chocolate shake. I noticed that besides the lettuce, tomato and onions it didn't taste as different as I thought it would. I also obtained this through the drive-thru and was given a box rather than a bag, making it somewhat difficult to transport without spilling. The shake I had was excellent, and while I was in the area I tried vanilla,chocolate and strawberry shakes and all were good.My overall opinion of In-N-Out is this, if you've never visited one it isn't the legendary once in a lifetime experience you may have heard about. However, it is very good for fast food and is quite inexpensive. The most unique characteristic of getting an animal style In-N-Out burger is that it is unique tasting. Nothing exactly tastes quite like an In-N-Out burger, the sharp onions and more sour than big mac sauce thousand island spread give the burger its character. It might not be the best tasting fast food burger ever, but it has its own identity. I am going to give In-N-Out four stars.
4	4.5 stars. Not the best burger I've ever had but easily the best fast food burger chain on the west coast (shake shack has the nationwide crown). Everybody loves In-N-Out, so I almost didn't bother writing a review because you already know what to expect.I decided to write about what makes this place valuable to me, PROTEIN STYLE (burger with no bun wrapped in lettuce). Any place I can get a quick no carb meal is likely to get a high grade from me, add the fact that I can get this till 1:30 am and you've made your establishment invaluable. My no bun burger with grilled onions was delicious, so delicious that I didn't even miss the bun. In addition to their food, which is a rare example of quality in fast food, In-N-Out is CONSISTENT. Employees are always polite, food always tastes exactly the same and the price is always right. Part of me wants to give this location the 5th star and the other part of me want to be judicious with my perfect scores, so they get 4.5, only because I think "the stand" is a little better and deserves the 5 a little more.
5	Typically, I would shy away from writing a review on a fast food chain with 290 locations. However, the In-N-Out experience is anything but the normal fast food dining experience. I am always impressed by the consistency of the In-N-Out Burger experience. The quality of their never frozen beef patties and fresh, made-to-order burgers is excellent and their customer service is always prompt, efficient, and wonderful. The staff is always courteous and happy--it's good to know that I am supporting a place that seems to treat their employees well. The inexpensive burgers and fries always hit the spot--I only wish there were locations outside of California and the Southwest to satisfy my fast food burger cravings. But, I suppose staying within a manageable driving distance of the distribution centers is what keeps the food high-quality, fresh, and preservative-free.My go-to is the protein style double double burger (no bun, just a hearty lettuce wrap around patties that are oozing with cheesy goodness).  When I want to try a variation on my favorite, I just consult the "Not-So-Secret" menu on the In-N-Out website! If you have not been to an In-N-Out burger, I strongly recommend visiting this wonderful fast food place! Expect a long line and short wait, but if you are a fast food/burger lover, you will not be disappointed!Fun tidbit: Look for the bible verse references on the paper products. Just noticed this after my umpteenth visit to In-N-Out Burger!
4	Pretty good food. The menu is super small. I wish they offered onion rings and had ranch for a dipping sauce option. This place also gets super packed to the point that there is little to no seating. I liked the burgers and shakes, but I think Culver's and Freddy's are better for this type of food.
5	Animal Style!
5	I am a big fan of in n out burgers, all ingredients are fresh. The price and quality are tops!!!
5	Typically I avoid fast food restaurants due to severe food allergies. Today when I was in I had a fantastic cashier who highlighted to the manager my gluten and tomato allergy to make sure that I wouldn't get sick. It is wonderful to see a fast food joint who cares about their special customers.
4	The best fast food I have ever had, I do not eat fast food, except for this and Five Guys. I have eaten at In N Out my whole life and they always provide a good quality quick meal. I would definitely suggest getting a black-white shake (on the hidden menu), just ask for it and they will give it to you. The black & white shake consists of a half chocolate milkshake and half vanilla milkshake mixed together. It is truly delicious, I enjoyed that as well as the fries which are cut in house before every day, fresh (which is very rare to have fresh things in this day and age). The burger was very good, and has a very good secret sauce (some similiar formula to thousand island) onthe burger which really makes all the other flavors pop out and taste delicious. The food there is near perfect for fast food, and also the staff is incredibly nice and helpful as well ad hard-working. I would suggest this place to anyone who is lacking time but still searching for a good cheap meal.
5	It's In-N-Out if you've ever been to one you know what to expect. If you haven't the menu isn't huge just get a double double and you will be fine. There is a "not so secret menu" if you want things a little different, see google. They have quality food at a very reasonable price. The fries are fresh cut potatoes cooked in vegetable oil which I personally don't like but many people do. It's 5 stars for fast food standards.
5	What is ever bad about In N Out? Typical spot, same decor as any other. Quick, friendly service with delicious burgers and frys. Milkshakes are outstanding and you have to get extra spread for the fries (it's free just ask). Parking gets a little crazy and the bathrooms are always to small, but I can easily overlook that once I get my food.
5	I **heart** In N Out.  I will travel 3000 miles to have one.  Don't have much choice actually.  #Nom
4	Been here several times, very crowded because of its location to ASU. Love their burgers and fries, #1 please.
2	The burger patty looked like the ones in my school cafeteria. I was pretty annoyed to get home to such a disappointing burger. At least the bun was soft, but very very greasy.
4	My usual orders, 1 hamburger with grilled onions, 2 fries, and 1 cup of water.  Totally love their fresh cut fries, all food here have never been frozen and it's fresh daily.  Love their fast services, however, you might have to wait a bit longer during lunch time and afternoon rush hours.  But it's totally worth the wait.  They also have a secret menu food that you'll have to ask them to make for you.  Try it out!
4	Looking for simple then it's all about In-N-Out. Service is always good and quick. Got a double-double with some animal style fries and it was pretty satisfying.
5	What's not to love about a classic in and out burger joint with awesome hours? This place is PACKED no matter what time or day, even at 2AM on a Sunday. But that's okay because there are always a million people working and you get your food very quickly. (Well, for an in and out.)Also, you may know the standard "secret menu", but ask for a whole onion grilled on your burger. It is so good! (No it's not a whole onion but a whole onion slice.)
4	Those are good burgers dude.  Listening to Creedence while enjoying these tasty burgers only enhances the flavor. Mind if I do a J?
5	In n out is the only fast food I will eat. Consistency, 100% of the time and always delicious. I feel sorry for my east coast friends who can't experience this place. Employees are always awesome as well.
5	Their food is always amazing. Where else can you get a grilled cheese? They have yet to get my order wrong, and their attitude is always pleasant.
5	My first time at an In and Out Burger.  A place with a limited menu, but they make everything on that limited menu very well.    They also have great prices:)  So for a great burger at a great price,  you can't beat it:)
4	This one wasn't as good as San Diego but it'll do! Good food for a good price! I love it! Can't get this in North Dakota suckas! Lol
3	In and out is pretty simple, fast, and cheap for a pretty good burger. The people who work there are all very nice and the food is pretty good for fast food. For me it was hyped up way too much before I went so my experience might have been a little bit of a letdown, however the burger I got was pretty good and tasted fresh. ***make sure when you order the fries to ask for them "crispy" or else they come out pretty soggy and do not taste that good at all. Also you might want to check out the "not so secret" menu online and look at other options you have when ordering. Please don't forget this place is a Fast Food joint so don't expect a gourmet burger, just an affordable burger that might be a slight step above some other fast food joints. Oh and the menu has only a few options (no chicken sandwiches just burgers and cheeseburgers as well as fries and shakes).
5	Hands down my favorite fast food burger joint in the country. Nothing compares to a double-double with spread and cheese only for me. If feeling adventurous, try the animal style fries along with your burger - they're fantastic. If you're still hungry, add a Neapolitan Shake as well (hint they come in larger sizes than advertised on the menu).
3	Service at 2 in the afternoon was fairly good.  They seemed to still be very busy from the lunch crowd.I had a cheeseburger and fries.  The cheeseburger was very good.  The fries tasted like thin strips of cold cardboard.  I would order the burger again if I ever go back, but certainly would pass on the french fries.
5	Spencer doing the to-go register is a cutie ;-)
5	This place is a gem! I adore everything on their menu but really love their fries with melted cheese on top and the single cheese burger. Nothing. Better! Plus the service is great and it's always consistent! Lovvvee.
1	I live right around the corner and come here all the time and have always been satisfied. I have never been as disappointed with In-N-Out as I was last night. I went through the drive-thru (which always has a huge line) but my food has always been hot and fresh even after sitting in that line for 30 mins. I got my food, drove home (less than 2 mins) and i was about to eat my food when I felt the burger patties were ice cold! And my fries weren't even hot or crispy, they were a lukewarm disgusting soggy mess (and I get plain fries). I literally had to heat my burger up in the microwave before I could even eat it. Even then, it still didn't taste that great. I didn't even eat my fries because they were so soggy and mushy. Then to top it off,  my 7-up tasted like mold for some reason. I looked inside the cup and I didn't see anything, but maybe their ice machine needs to be cleaned out (I used to work in fast food). To say the least, I was extremely disappointed but I'm sure I'll be back because it's USUALLY really delicious and super close to my house. But I would recommend not going through the drive-thru especially on a Saturday night, and eating inside so you can make sure your food is hot and fresh.
4	DEAR GOD WHY IS THERE NO MAYONNAISEOther than the lack of mayo, everything else here is delicious. Animal Style anything tastes delicious. Maybe they're doing me a favor by having no mayo, I'd be the person there gaining 5 pounds from a bunch of extra spread extra mayo animal style burgers.
4	I have been to this chain 25 times? 1/2 or more to this location. Every location is busy. People always pleasant and accomodating. Price reasonable. I like the fries but have not gotten them when hot a single time. If hot, even most of the time, 5 stars would be in order.
5	Okay In-N-Out, can you just stop being so perfect? I can't take it!If it's not good enough that your burgers and fries are delicious, but you cater to us vegetarians too!? Come on! As I sat there being a sad vegetarian eating my fries, my vegetarian friend comes with her animal style "burger." I took a bite and of course it tasted like heaven...to my surprise..THERE WAS A NO MEAT!! It was buns and all the animal style stuff they put on it! And it still tasted incredibly delicious! I love you, In-N- Out. That is all.
5	The Mecca.  The holiest of all things burger.  It's a west coast operation, so I only get the chance to In-N-Out once every few years (insert joke here).  But it never disappoints!The menu is as simple as it gets - burger, cheeseburger, fries, drinks.  But don't let that fool you, there's nothing simple about it.  I'm guessing the most popular menu item is the Double-Double...two patties with two slices of cheese.  From there you can go off menu and order any kind of burger you want.  The first number is patties, the second is cheese slices.  Haven't had the chance to try a 4x4 yet, but that will be happening in the next few months.  Beyond that, you can also dabble in the secret menu and get your burger protein style (wrapped in lettuce instead of a bun), or animal style (includes grilled onions and animal sauce).  It's impossible to go wrong.French fries can also be ordered animal style, but the plain version is just as good.  One of each is even better.  And as far as milkshakes, you have to go with Neapolitan...a combo of vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry.It's that simple, yet that perfect.
5	Considering how busy they always are and long lines... they move along very quickly everytime.... it'd probably take longer to get your food through McDonald's drive thru. Plus the food is freshly cooked... not like other burger joints.
5	It's In-N-Out and that automatically garners 5 stars. If you make me explain it to you, you're a lost cause.I'm pretty sure having this joint so close to ASU is part of the reason why we have so many out-of-state students from California; I can promise you that it was a factor in my decision to uproot from San Jose to Tempe for these 4 glorious years of college, but I digress.You want to know the meaning of life? Get a double single with grilled onions and chiles and that should get you pretty darn close to figuring out the answer to that. Get it protein style if you want the flavors to really pop.
2	First time to an in & out, decor on the inside was very cool as it reminded me of an old fashioned diner. Menu was very small which I thought was unique as well. When I got my food it looked absolutely delicious, but when you bite in to the burger, there is no flavor there to savor. The burger was very bland even with all the toppings that come on it. It was very disappointing. The fries were the same way and I understand they are fried in cholesterol free oil, but when you bite in to them there was no crisp about them, they were soft and chewy. Very cool decor and great service, but the food was very underwhelming. First and last time to an in & out.
5	Coming from Miami, this cheeseburger loved up to expectations! All my Miami friends post pics of in N out and the last time I was able to eat it was 2008. Def lived up to the hype. The buns really made this burg - crunchy on the out soft and sweet on the in. And can't forget the fresh icebrrgs. Highly recommend esp if youre from the east coast!
5	I love this place! Living in the East coast makes eating here a must when I'm in the proximity of an In-n-out burger place! I made it a point to find the closest one to where I was staying. We had the 3x3, protein burger,fries and vanilla shake. Heaven. Staff is always friendly no matter what location you go to! I hope that the next time I get another taste isn't 4 years from now.
4	This place was PACKED. The burgers are more like sliders in terms of size. They were tasty though (though I'm sure chock full of cholesterol and fat and sugar)
4	Burgers defined. The most appetizing, jawdropping and deliciously to-be-craved-for burgers in the world!
5	I love there burgers and there fries! Yum! They have a lot of customers in line and the wait is sometimes long but it's SO worth it
