4	The food is plentiful and the atmosphere is shabby chic thailand.  A little pricey for the decor but not for the neighborhood as it's tucked in Dilworth on East Blvd.  All in all, a good place to get a large sized portion of Thai food.
4	Thai Taste has the best Thai cuisine in Charlotte.  It's a neighborhood spot with great food.  Known for the pad thai, there are other delicious options too.  The soups are good, as are the sweet & sour dishes, the basil rolls, and the ginger dish.  The servers are really kind and get to know the customers who frequent the restaurant.
5	This is the best place in town to get Thai food.  The atmosphere is quiet and dark, but the service is very friendly.  The pud thai is fabulous, so is the red curry with coconut milk and pineapples.  If you go at lunch you get to choose from about 7 different dishes, each served with a spring roll.
4	I had a really great experience here, and what I loved most was the diverse group of people dining here and the kitchy decorations on the wall (Melissa M sums it up with shabby chic Thailand!)  My bf had the coconut soup - wow!!  I had some delicious red curry and he had the delicious green.
3	This place looks like a Thai restaurant, feels like a Thai restaurant, but is just barely a Thai restaurant. Sure it has mirrored embroidered elephant prints and little bamboo shoots, but so does Pier 1. The food is why we go  out to eat and the experience weighs pretty heavy too. This place hits about half way on both fronts:Food is mediocre. If you've ever been at a real Thai restaurant, you'd know it. The Tom Ka Soup was lacking all the usual fair: galanga, lemon grass, ginger....where were you? I missed you in there. Instead, I got a watery coconut broth with tofu and raw mushrooms. No baby corn, but broccoli instead; which in my opinion is very weird in soup, especially if it's cut for a salad. The Pad Thai was pretty good. No mystery meat, real cuts of beef (god bless the south), but it was a bit on the sweet side (god bless the south). Service was diner quality, pretty much non-existant.I don't know if I'd recommend it, but it's probably worth take out.
4	This is one of my top 5 restaurants in Charlotte, a place that's dependably delicious.  I Really like the Pud See Ew, a thick noodle dish pan fried with broccoli, and egg and your choice of meat, I always go with beef and its never let me down.  The portions are decent i wouldn't say they are large, but they are filling.  I also really like the Gaeng Dang a delicious curry dish made with coconut milk, and your choice of meat, chicken is always good, but shrimp is really great.  The creamy coconut milk juxtaposed with the hot curry is poetry in my mouth, deliciousness.  The ambiance is comfortable and small with lots of Thai wood carvings all over the walls and ornate complex origami and colorful mobiles hanging from the ceiling.  Thai Taste is a little pricey and not as much food as you get at other Thai restaurants in Charlotte, but still a great all around restaurant.
3	I've eaten at about 40-50 thai restaurants. Seriously...This one is par. I totally love the Thai Taste in Spartanburg, SC. So, my expectations were a bit high. They aren't owned by the same guy although they are cousins.  The atmosphere is nicer than monsoon down the steet, but if you'd like better food. I would check out monsoon.
5	Cozy, quaint atmosphere, perfect for a date.  Their Pad Thai is much better than most other places I have frequented.  The chicken soup hot pot is fun to share and the broth is hearty and much more satisfying than a first glance suggests.  Finally, the Panang curry with chicken is a truly awesome experience.  Spicy but not overpowering and the basil really comes through.  Service is friendly, if slightly challenged when it gets crowded.  But as opposed to most western style settings, any server will help you get what you need, such as water, chopsticks, the bill, etc.  Highly recommended.  The chicken satay can be a little dry.  The chicken dumplings have changed recently.  They used to be gyoza style but lately are shumai.  And when the menu says fried, they mean deep fried, not pan fried.  The lettuce wraps have the meat and vegetable filling already mixed in with the mung bean (crunchy white) noodles so it loses its flavor.  That's the first thing they've gotten wrong.  But everything else has been just right.
4	Mmmm Thai Taste.  You are delicious, if you weren't aware.Reasons I like Thai Taste:- Location, location, location.  East Blvd. is in the heart of Dilworth and near the gym, so it's only natural that I can pick up take-out orders or meet a friend at Thai Taste.- Quality of food.  I'm a pretty boring Thai eater.  I stick with Pad Thai or Red Curry for the most part, but even so  you can definitely tell a difference in quality from one place to the next.  The Pad Thai made spicy is pretty stellar.I only have two complaints about Thai Taste, one is pretty relevant and one is because I'm ridiculous.Relevant - Menu selection.  Didn't seem like a large choice in dishes and I know a lot of the other Thai places I've been to had more of a selection.  I found a dish at a restaurant in University I wanted to try at Thai Taste and it was nowhere to be found.Ridiculous - I drink a lot of diet coke, and Thai Taste serves them in cans which means that I can't drink nearly as much diet coke as I'm used to.
4	I should give Thai Taste 3 stars because 3 is where the waitress cut me off on the heat level of my curry.Waitress: Would you like it spicy?  1-5?ML: 4.Waitress: 3 would be better [walking away].True story.  But I wouldn't dream of giving the Double T anything less than 4 stars.  The chicken dumplings were really good, and my curry was exactly what I was looking for (maybe 25% less spicy?).  The service was also good, even considering the affront to my manliness.We'll visit T^2 again - probably weekly until the waitress doesn't bat an eye when I order my curry at a 5.  I'm wishing we'd ordered double just so I'd have something for a late night snack.  Besides, two 3 curries = 6 overall, right?  And that would be like the 11 on the volume dial of Spinal Tap's amps, right?  Right?  Boo-yah!
5	Thai food is my favorite international cuisine, so when I asked around for the best thai restaurant in Charlotte, Thai Taste was first on everyone's list.  And, after visiting there myself, I know why: It was totally delicious!!!  The atmosphere is very pleasant, and I wanted to put the Sake set in my purse and run--totally adorable!  The waitress was very friendly and took our order quickly, but without rushing us. My husband got the Panang with pork, level 3, and it was fantastic (I feel like I ate most of it after I finished my more healthful choice, which was delicious as well).  The sauce was spicy, but not overwhelming, and the meat was very tender.I had the stir-fried asparagus with chicken, and it was very tasty, despite being a 'healthier' option. I did add some mystery sauce that was on the table, just to try it out, and it was good as well.  We also both got brown rice, which was perfectly cooked, and not too crunchy, as poorly-cooked brown rice can be. The prices hover around $13 a person, without appetizers, and I had 3 more meals later that week from our leftovers.  A very reasonably priced menu.  Overall, this was a great dining experience, and we will go back many, many, many, many times!!!
4	It's certainly one of my two favorite Thai restaurants in Charlotte (Thai Orchid is the other), but after spending two weeks in Thailand, I found myself wondering if there is great Thai food in Charlotte.
3	I enjoy going to Thai Taste for lunch. They're lunch specials are fast and cheap, and that's usually what I'm looking for. It's not the best Thai food I've ever had, but it fulfills the Thai beast that sometimes rears its gruesome head in me and won't be satisfied with anything else.I like the fried tofu appetizer, and I'm also partial to the Thai Iced Tea. If you haven't had that stuff, it's like a dessert in a glass. It's awesome. I'm not sure if it's authentic Thai fare or not, but it's yummy either way.
3	Thai Taste is good. It's not amazing, but it's the best Thai food I've found in Charlotte. It's a great place to go for lunch. It can be packed, but with the cheap, fast lunch specials, they get you in and out quickly. You sit down at the table and soup magically arrives in front of you before you've even ordered. Some call it boring, but I really love Thai fried rice and I tend to get that along with an order of chicken satay. Both are pretty good and filling. I've always got leftovers to take home and enjoy for another meal.
4	We picked up from That Taste the other night, so I can't speak to eating at the restaurant (although the place was pretty packed with customers, even though it was very early on a Sunday night). What I can speak to is how the food tasted: great. My girlfriend got the curry (they offer three, and she chose the red curry over the yello and green curries), which came with rice, and it was really good. It did not, however, hold a candle to my selection, which was basic thai noodles with crispy duck. Maybe it's just because I LOVE duck, but this is one of the better dishes I've had in Charlotte in a long time. If you go there, order it. It was great--and only around $16, which is pretty good for any duck dish. Both dishes came with rice, and it was a lot of food: we had leftovers for at least two lunches. I will definitely go back to Thai Taste.
4	Of the two Thai restaurants that I've tried in Charlotte, Thai Taste definitely ranks much higher than the other.  Every dish I've tried from red curry to green curry to pad thai to jasmine rice dishes has left a smile on my palate.  I typically order one of the curries over the other dishes, though, because it's rare that I get to have curry when dining out.  During one visit, one of my friends ordered a Thai iced tea and suggested I try it.  I did, expecting something of a green tea variety.  I know this may sound ignorant and I like to think of myself as somewhat of an international foodie, but I was surprised to find that the Thai iced tea came out looking like a creamy orange iced coffee.  I tried it...and I've been hooked ever since.  And since then, I've tried other Thai icea teas (including the canned variety sold at World Market) but no place has yet to compare.  Thai Taste's Thai iced tea has the right amount of sweetness and smoky flavor that others don't.  SO delicious!  I could drink glass after glass...if I ignored the calorie content that each probably has.Their prices for dinner are a little on the higher side than I'd like, so I typically reserve Thai Taste for lunch.  They have fantastic lunch deals.  For under $10, you can get a delicious Thai dish, Jasmine rice, soup, spring roll, and an iced tea!   The only problem is that they're not open for lunch on Saturdays.  Bummer.  You could combine shopping at Paper Skyscraper on the weekend with lunch at Thai Taste (they're in the same plaza).
5	This is the best Thai food in Charlotte.  I repeat.  This is the BEST Thai food in Charlotte. Another one of the "secret" restaurants that you need to be told about it's located in the Dilworth area right next to the popular gift store Paper Skyscraper.  The original and best of several locations (Matthews, University) I went there religiously the entire time I lived in CLT.  As diverse as their menu was, I only sampled three dishes there Pad Thai, Pad Kee Mao and "House Noodles".  The last one being a specialty that's no longer listed on the menu.  The rating system is 1 to 6 stars and you can even order it with no stars for the scared or gastro-intestinally challenged.  For the true "chili head" you can augment the rating system.  Normally, they use crushed Thai peppers in the food which are still hot but don't capture the true essence of the "heat" and flavor.  When you're ready for the big leagues make sure to denote "fresh peppers" when giving them your stars.  The flavor difference is immediately noticeable from the very first bite.For lunch during the week you need to get there by 11:30am or after 1:00pm unless you want to stand in line for a long time.  The place is popular and regularly packed.  They get all the businesses in the area, the residents of the trendy Dilworth neighborhood and a boatload of cops.  For many (like myself) this place is an addiction and you will see many regulars.I can't say enough good things about this place.  When I spent most of '07 overseas this was one of the first places I hit upon returning to the States.  Even now, all other Thai places I encounter are measured against Thai Taste.  If you spend any time in the Charlotte area you simply MUST try this restaurant out, you will not be disappointed.*side note* For the truly adventurous you can go past the 6 star rating, but be prepared for "heat" especially when going the "fresh peppers" route.  Also be aware that anything over 10 stars is a personal challenge to the chef and he will guarantee you feel more heat/pain than you ever have in your life.  Enjoy responsibly.
4	Finally I found good Thai food in Charlotte!!  After eating at a few mediocre places and one that was downright gross (ahem...Monsoon, I'm talking to you), at last I have found Thai food that is up to par.  First of all, the atmosphere of this place is great.  It's quiet and quaint, perfect for date night or a chill night out with friends.  The location is fantastic too, positioned right in Dilworth with Uptown just a skip away.  I'm a Pad Thai fanatic, so I always stick to the standard, and this did not disappoint.  The sauce was just nutty enough without tasting like peanut butter and the spice level was right on for my taste.  I always have tofu in my PT and theirs was super tasty, not soggy or squishy, but texturely pleasing.  I had the best soup too, but I can't remember the name of it for the life of me.  It was a spicy, salty broth full of chunks of squid, shrimp, and a whole yummy juicy scallop floating in the middle.  Awesome.  My bf and I each had full portion meals, soups, spring rolls, and hot jasmine tea for 35 bucks + tip.  Very reasonable, great service, great atmosphere...I will be back many times I'm sure!
3	This is a cute little restaurant, small yet cozy, nicely decorated with very friendly staff.  The menu made me wonder about the food - only because it had that pick your protein, then your preparation style layout, which is a little strange and usually means the food will be terribly Americanized.All in all the prices are reasonable and the food is pretty good. It's not the best, most authentic Thai food that you'll ever have, but it's a solid bet if you're in the mood.  If you're a Thai food snob (like me) it won't live up to your standards, but it's satisfactory and will likely please the average Thai food craving.
4	Ordered take out from this place and it was really good. Best Thai I've had in Charlotte so far.
4	I enjoyed Thai Taste! Like others have noted, the atmosphere was inviting, warm, and friendly...and non-smoking. The servers were friendly and very attentive. The background music was Thai, which helped create a more authentic experience. I went for dinner and I ordered the Pad Thai with vegetables, medium spice level. If you are sensitive to spice then don't go beyond that. (Or maybe I'm more sensitive because it was good and spicy.) I really liked it! It was more salty or vinegary than I have tried at other places, but I liked it nonetheless. My husband ordered one of the curry dishes and it was delicious! (He ordered it medium too and it was a bit more spicy than mine.) They also offer a variety of sauces on the table to add heat or taste to the already tasty dish (I'm not sure what they were, but they were different colors and fun to try). We spent approximately $25 and took some home for left-overs...I was very happy when lunch-time came around the following day!
1	I had frequented Thai Taste since 2002 when I first heard about it and always enjoyed my food - the decor is a little cheezy, but the service and food was always good. Not the best thai I've had in my life, but good for Charlotte. I stopped going there in the fall of 2008 for some MAJOR reasons1. The health code rating was a B at the time.2. I was walking past the back door of the restaurant to my car and the door swung open and I got a glimpse into the kitchen - it was disgusting! Slimy floors, food all over the place and sweating cooks hovered over the stoves. 3. My friend found a maggot in his food. Yes that's right a MAGGOT. Need I say more? While Thai Taste's biggest competitor (Monsoon) is less tasty than them, I would rather eat their food because their health ratings have always been a consistent A+.
3	Not that I have anything super-original to say about our dear Thai Taste, but I have to agree-- it's the best Thai in Charlotte, and I wish it was better. But when you need a bowl of steaming curry, you know where you can find it, at least, eh?Somewhat authentic flavors, if a bit toned down, mixed with a pleasant waitstaff and lovely atmosphere make this a place I look forward to. Do remember: if you're going to have lunch here, brave the crowds and eat in, as the take-out lunch portions are much smaller than the eat-in's and don't come with soup.
3	I'm sad to say it, but I have to take away a star. I went back to Thai Taste and ordered the Pad Thai again and was greatly disappointed. The noodles were mushy. In addition, I had many bites that tasted like I was eating out of a peanut butter jar. My hope is that they were having a rough night; however, I will probably hesitate before I return.The service, on the other hand, was very friendly and attentive and my drink never ran out!
4	I can't think of a higher compliment than saying as good as I can get back in the NYC!
4	I would argue that the best pad thai I have ever had in my life is located in Gainesville, Fl. I tried Thai Taste after reading a bunch of reviews that it was one of, if not the best in Charlotte. I enjoyed the atmosphere of this restaurant and can't say anything negative about the wait staff. Its a nice location in Dilworth. I of course ordered pad thai. I was a little unfairly disappointed, but I usually am with pad thai. I am always in search of a dish that tastes as amazing as the one in Gainesville. But that's not fair to try and compare....sooo, I give this restaurant 4 stars. While not the pad thai I crave love and desire....this was still very tasty and I enjoyed my leftovers just as much the next day. I will definitely return. P.S. My husband loved his food too. P.P.S. I think I need to just end my search for the Gville pad thai flavor and I should be okay. Maybe.
4	I have been here now numerous times and I truly feel it's been consistent my boyfriend always gets the same thing as do I and its been just as good as the first time we went there!!
4	I have been in CLT for seven years, I went to Thai Taste numerous times and loved it.  Then I went one time and wasn't too impressed, so I kind of wrote it off.  I went last night and ordered C-3 (red curry chicken with pineapple.) Come on you didn't know what C-3 was????  I  ordered it level 3 spicy out of 5.  It was perfect.  Sometimes dishes are never spicy enough.  I woke up this morning thinking maybe I should have my leftovers for breakfast.
4	Best Pad Thai with Chicken in town and their Thai Tea is something special as well. The atmosphere is cozy and great for lunch or dinner. And a bonus is while you are waiting for take out, you can go next door to the Paper Skyscraper to waste some time.
3	Spring Rolls - Needed more shrimp and less noodles. The dipping sauce was good though. $3.95 for 2, wouldn't say its worth it.Chicken Pad Thai - Kinda small for $12, but the noodles are well cooked. Wish there was less sauce. I would come back for this for lunch.Pad See Ew - The noodles aren't as delicate as I am used to. The flavor was good though. Maybe it'd be more worthwhile for lunch. Excellent service, they even ran out to the parking lot to give me the take out boxes that I forgot at the table!
4	This is by-far the best Thai place in Charlotte. I have visited both locations of the restaurant. However, I think the older establishment on East Blvd. has better food and service. Whenever my sister comes in town, we make sure to visit Thai Taste. It's become a tradition!Love the Pud Thai!
3	Went there tonight with 2 other adults and a toddler. Food was good, not spectacular. Service was slow and it took a long time for us to be able to place our order, which meant cranky toddler and increasingly cranky adults.Almost all the tables had a young child at it, so patrons feel comfortable bringing their children there.One dish, Gaeng curry, was noticeably hotter than the others. However we weren't asked our spiciness preference so I am not sure why the difference.If you are curious what the "pea-carrot" ingredient is that shows up in many of the dish descriptions, it is frozen veggies from a bag.Overall, an enjoyable dinner though we will probably keep looking for another place to get our Thai fix.
5	By far, this is the best Thai in Charlotte. Unpretentious and great food and service, my husband and I only come here for any and all Thai. The red curry has the right amount of veggies and the veggie pad thai are the best dishes. Also, if you say you want the spice factor 5 out of 5, they truly make it very spicy, so beware!  Otherwise, just request it medium spicy and ask for dry chili on the side.
4	So grateful to have found a delicious and affordable Thai restaurant in Charlotte. We really loved the Crispy Duck with Panang Curry!!! Just be aware that even the "medium hot" was almost too much heat. Next time we will get "mild".
5	This is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte. It's never disappointed me and I always have consistent service, quality food and an overall enjoyable experience. It's a charming set up and I dig it much more than the Matthews location. I love food, especially Thai food but I've never ventured out of the pad Thai route at Thai Taste. It's just been so good to me I can't imagine cheating on the pad Thai and getting something else. Maybe one of these days...... While you're there, check out Paper Skyscraper next door!
4	I stopped by Thai Taste and ordered some take out this evening.  The take out dude was friendly and the food came out in 10min!  I randomly chose the Gaeng Ped, which consisted of roasted duck in red curry sauce, and declined the additional spice.  I slightly regret getting the duck, it was good but I think I would have enjoy some other protein a bit better.  Next time I will get something different and go for more spice.  The portions were large so you could definitely split a dish or have leftovers, especially if you get some kind of appetizer.Location is great on East Blvd next to Paper Skyscraper.  The interior is dark and pretty typical Thai restaurant decor.Enjoy!
3	I went back to Thai Taste for dinner and got the Pad Thai.  Unfortunately it didn't rock my world.  Last time I visited I got a unique dish and thought my personal tastebuds were to blame, so I figured I would make a standard selection this time around and be amazed.  For the price, this pad thai was just alright.  If I visit again I will have to go with Tonya's suggestion of C-3.  For now, Thai Taste will have to live with a 3-star rating.
4	Thai Taste is an easy, casual neighborhood spot with fresh food, fast and courteous service. Good for take out or sit in.
3	In the past probably would have said 4 stars, but I grabbed some chicken Pad Thai to go the other night after being delayed on a flight for over 2 hours.  All I could think of as I left the airport was getting some hot, delicious noodles, but 10 minutes later when I got home and dug in, I realized it was blah.  It was really dried out, the chicken wasn't good, kinda tough and dry.  It was a large portion though and my order was ready w/in 5 minutes of calling them.  Probably an off night, so I will go back as I've been very happy in the past.
4	I love having a hole in the wall eatery within walking distance of my house that serves authentic and inexpensive Thai food.  Real quality stuff here, especially if you like hot Thai food, and I mean really hot!  I had the pad Thai with shrimp and pad see ew with crispy duck (over two visits), and both were delicious.  I only hesitate on the fifth star because of some late night disruptions.  Try the four or five star and you will know what I mean.Check this place out, and shoot me a txt if you are going, I will walk over and have a beer.
5	I have never been disappointed with Thai Taste.  It's a tiny hole in the wall, but I've never had to wait long (if at all) for a table and have always had decent service.  I love the cluttered, over-flowery decor.  And the food is very, very good.I often go for lunch because their lunch menu is so outstanding.  Each day of the week the menu features a different ingredient (I know that Mondays are mushroom day because that's the day I usuall go), and the dishes vary slightly according to how well they showcase the ingredient.  I've had several of their curries, along with their pad thai and fried rice, and it's all been fresh and flavorful.
5	Thai Taste makes the BEST Thai food I've ever had. I highly recommend the pad thai, panang curry, thai salad (best peanut dressing ever), and the spring rolls. I've never been disappointed.  I do recommend getting take-out and not delivery, as the delivery takes an hour or so (even if 5 min away).  If the food at thai Taste was less expensive I'd eat it every other day!! :)
4	Simply put, this is the best Thai in Charlotte.  Nothing too fancy, just a lot of the basics done consistently and without unnecessary frills.  This is like that little unassuming hole in the wall that you almost have to know about before you're willing to walk in and try it.  But once you do sit down, you know you've found a gem you'll come back to again.Thai Taste has been around since my high school days, always in the same building, and I don't think the decor has changed one bit.  Neither has the menu, but then you don't go messing with a good thing.Let me just say lunch is a much better value here than dinner- if for no other reason that you get a small bowl of a simple soup and a crispy spring roll served with a side of orange sauce, regardless of your entree choice.  Yes, it can be crowded at the height of lunch, but I've never had to wait long, even when people stand around outside the (only) door.  If you wait till 1 PM or beyond, you'll just about have the place to yourself.  The crowd is generally a mix of suits and the more casually dressed, with a few cops and the scrub-wearing hospital workers thrown in for good mix.  The lunch menu is a much-abbreviated version of the dinner menu.  A single laminated page of about 8-10 dishes that each have a good, plain english description of what it is you are browsing.  Want a classic not on the menu?  Just ask- the menu does rotate by the day of the week so they will make just about anything for you if it is a traditional Thai dish.  You get your choice of meat with each entree, which determines the price, or you can always choose to go vegetarian, which usually means tofu, though you can decline the same, as you can also decline eggs in the dish as well.  Here's my best tip- if you like Pad Thai (Pud Thai here, per the menu) get the vegetarian option if you like extra colorful veggies.  Lots more broccoli and carrots than if you order a meat.  Tofu is sauteed on the outside, but absorbs the wonderful peanut sauce that is the base of the dish.  Portions are always generous, so come hungry.Un-sweet iced tea is included with every meal too, they'll usually bring a small pitcher for your table.  Here's my second tip- drink the tea, you'll need it if you like any advanced level of spice.  Coke and other soda is available, but it is served by the can and costs extra.  You already effectively paid for the tea in the price of the lunch, so drink it.If I had one complaint, it is this- they ask you how spicy you like your dish and indicate the same using 1-5 "stars."  In my experience, the only difference between 1 and 5 stars is the amount of red pepper flakes dumped on top of the finished product.  1 is to little, 5 is just too much.  With the number of Thai peppers and sauces available, I'd like to think we could do better here, but it's just not to be had here.Note this restaurant now has other locations in both Matthews and University City.  Don't be fooled, the original still stands above the rest.
2	as far as thai taste being the best in charlotte,  sorry, but the best left quite some time ago.  that was thai chef over on international drive.  the owners where awesome and the food was delicious and sam always made my food as spicy as he could possibly dare to.  no one has come close to his cooking since they left charlotte.  i was really upset a couple of weeks ago when i got a tofu dish from thai taste.  the portions are small for the money and i got a couple of pieces of tofu.  im a big veggie eater so lots of vegetables don't bother me as much as tiny portions or tons of broccoli and mushrooms which a lot of these places seem to do.  spiciness was ok although the guy is always saying he'll knock my socks off as far as spiciness goes.  that would be siam garden.  whew!!  haven't been to thai thai in quite some time, since i like to get lunch and they ticked me off as well as dejai treating me as someone that must be kidding when i request thai spicy.  that irks me as much as small portions.  waiting for my take out at thai taste,  observed peoples meals coming out and they looked more appetizing and plentiful than the food i took home.
4	I went here on a date and we started with the veggie spring rolls. They were the non-fried kind and were better than I was expecting (although more basil would have made them perfect). For an entree I had the Pad Prik Khing with Tofu and it was pretty good. You can do a spiciness rating of 1-5 so that helps adjust to your personal liking (I had a 3 and it was just the right amount of chili pepper). The staff split their tips so you get your food delivered to your table immediately and all of the waitresses were really good at making sure you had enough water.
4	Came here frequently in college. Fell in love with the green curry. I had the chance to go to Thailand for myself and eat some of the dishes I learned to love at Thai Taste - and Thai Taste's versions of the dishes are amazing.
1	Some of the worst Thai I've had in Charlotte. Which is sad, I really wanted to like it.
5	I like Thai food.  I LOVE Thai Taste.BEST THAI IN CHARLOTTE!I took a friend here for lunch and it was great.  I love it when a restaurant does not try to make up for average food with excessive decor...Thai Taste is your basic bare bones, lacking on style, but OH is the food ever so tasty, restaurant!I got the curry chicken - I think it is called Gang Pang ? ;) and I got it with 4 of 5 stars heat - could have gone hotter but it would have made me sweat.  The only thing I wish was that they served about half a scoop of rice more with your dish - ran out on the last three or four bites of main dish - no biggy.Lunch was served quickly, waters came out even faster with an extra pitcher of water for the table - nice touch.I will go back for sure!
4	Yum!I always order Pad Thai the first time I go to a thai restaurant, and whether or not I like it decides if I will make an effort to return, and Thai Taste's was definitely delicious.I love their daily menus, keeping it simple. I guess you can request something that's not on that day's sheet but still, I'll take the one page over an exhaustive book.Although very friendly, don't expect much beyond the basics from your server (at least during lunch), you'll get a pitcher of water/tea/etc to refill your own glass and the check is dropped off moments after you get your plate. Thankfully that's all I'm looking for with my lunch service- I'm hungry and I'm watching the clock!
2	I really want to like Thai Taste since its so close to home.  I had tried my go to Thai dish here twice prior and was not impressed (pad see ew), so I thought maybe its just this one dish.  So this time I ordered shrimp fried rice and tom kha soup.  The veggies and chicken in the soup were good, but the only flavor that really stood out was the sweetness of the coconut milk.  Same with the fried rice, it lacked flavor.  I had similar issues on my previous visits with the noodles.  However the people have always been really friendly and the ingredients are fresh so please don't shy away because of my review.  I'm picky when it comes to my Thai food.
3	This joint ain't bad. I've been here a few times in the past and wasn't wowed with their curry dishes. So, on the suggestion my blind date I figured, why not give it a go...again? I figured I would try something else: a ginger tofu stir fry, and was pleasantly surprised! Just for the hey of it, I added some chili/spice to it. Perfecto! Overall, Thai Taste is pretty authentic, the staff is attentive and prices are reasonable. It's not a huge restaurant and I could see it getting crowded and parking is kind of limited. For the convenience factor I'd go again and perhaps, gasp, try something else.
4	Ordered thai iced tea, mee krob (they get points just for having it on the menu!) and pad kee mao a/k/a drunken noodles (not on the menu but the Lao waitress told me about it).They ask for spice level from 1-5 so I requested a 4 which was PERFECT - I love my Pad Kee Mao to be super spicy and flavorful without being unbearably spicy.The one thing that I was unhappy about was the lack of Lad Na on the menu :(  I need to find a place with authentic delicious Lad Na in the Queen City!
5	I love this place!! I have eaten there regularly for over 8 years now and love it!!  Good food, good service, good atmosphere.  My favorite dish is the Chicken Veggie Pad Thai.  - Yum!
4	Let me be clear on something. I love Thai Food. I mean REALLY love Thai Food. I will scour a city in search of the best thai food and eat at every restaurant if I have to (not joking). Thai Taste on East Blvd is what I imagine heaven to taste like. A bold statement I know. I have eaten at many a thai place in Charlotte and will only give my two enthusiastic thumbs up review to Thai Taste. At one point I was hitting up Thai Taste so regularly I thought I was going to recreate a Thai Food version of Cheers. I had to back down after that. As for the food I can recommend pretty much everything on the menu minus the stuff boasting some SERIOUS spice. My taste buds don't handle spicey well. The Pad Thai is insanely amazing as is the Pad See Ew (those are my ultimate favorite). If you go during lunch be sure to get there a little early as the place gets PACKED. Packed I tell you. Once you're sitting down it's a pretty quick turn around and the food always comes out piping hot. Light eaters beware, the portions are pretty generous. Not that I'm complaining.
4	We didn't have a lot of hope for Thai food in the QC.  Oh don't give me that look.  True, maybe we were being prejudgemental.  Okay yeah we were.  Thai Taste is a sweet deal.  Plenty of food in a serving, yummy Pad Thai (spelled Pud Thai here) and yellow curry (you know, the more mild one with a heavy coconut influence), modestly priced, maybe 10-15 for dinner.  Lunch specials seem to be quite a steal, for under 10 bucks you get a hefty entree with spring roll, soup and that nectar of the gods, Thai iced tea.The place has busy Thai art on the walls, plastic on the tables, and a fairly authentic feel overall so come on and enjoy yourself.  Also their website is cute.  Check out the staff photos.
4	Solid. Not out of this world, but Thai Taste is solid.  The prices are reasonable, and whenever I need my Pad See Ew fix, I'll head to TT.  There are restaurants light years better in Boston and Chicago, but for now, TT will do. The ambiance is kind of old school, tables with plastic covers the random wood-carving, and a hammock hanging from the ceiling with a fake person napping inside.  It's not my favorite, but hey, it adds to the charm. Since this place has been reviewed so many times, I'll just give my 2-cent tip. Lunch specials are a great value.  For about $6 or $7 bucks, depending on the protein you pick, you'll get an entree (some with rice), a spring roll, soup and iced tea.  (Iced tea and soup not included if you get lunch special take out.) I've gotten the squash special, which is stir-fried yellow squash and protein of choice...that was an insane $12.95 by comparison.  (The dish itself was OK, not as flavorful as the Pad See Ew and the squash for some reason had a squeaky sound whenever I bit into them.) Overall, it's a nice neighborhood joint where the service is good, and you will have a good meal.  Maybe not stellar, out-of-this-world great (like Paula Deen would say) but you'll leave happy and very full.
5	I have a slight addiction to Thai Taste.  And by slight I actually mean I could eat it every single day.  Nestled in a little corner off of East Blvd (attached to Paper Sky Scrapers) this is by far the best Thai place in Charlotte.  The food comes out fast, it is reasonably price, not to mention mouth watering!The wait staff is sweet and the guy behind the counter always calls me "love" so I like the place even more.The place is lovely!  If you like Thai you will absolutely LOVE Thai Taste.The Red Curry is a game changer.  I get it every time (and dream about it at night)!
2	I'm so glad I tried their lunch out first instead of spending more on dinner. The food was ok, but not worth a return trip. I had the pad thai, which was cool for $7, but I would've been mad had I laid down $12 for that little plate at dinner. The spice rating, 1-5 stars, only correlates to the size of the mound of dried chili flakes they dump on top of your dish. That's just lazy; something cooks do for people who don't know better.The thai iced tea is creamy and flavorful, but not as sweet as I'd like. I'm used to thai tea that's almost like a dessert. It was refreshing, but not heavenly.My girl got a sad little beef and mushroom dish that had barely any flavor to the starchy sauce. It's not the worst joint in the world, and if I lived or worked very nearby I would probably frequent it, but it's definitely not worth a cross-town drive. If you really love Thai food, it's a pass.
2	Thai taste is kind of a misleading name as this isn't really thai food. It's  Americanized, "in the style of", thai food. Now I'm not here to say that the food I ate was bad. It was good enough, but good enough wasn't what I was hoping for. If you ask most americans if they like Thai food, those that don't will probably say they don't because they don't like spicy food. If you are one of those people, you will love Thai taste. In order to get food even remotely spicy, you need to ask to have it made spicy and though I didn't know this at the time, the people at the table next to us did and still seemed disappointed at the spice level for "hot".If you're out on the south side and need a quick, fairly cheap meal, I would say Thai Taste is worth going to. If you are out seeking some good Thai food, I recommend going elsewhere. You will not find it here.Other than that, the location is nice, the staff was nice and prompt, and the prices were good. Everything was good except for the americanized thai food.
2	This is the only time I have ever felt deceived by a high star number on Yelp.  My husband and I were walking around Southend pub hopping, and when it was time for dinner we pulled out the 'ol Yelp app and found this place right around the corner and with a solid four star rating.  We LOVE thai food, and we know that it is always a good option for vegetarians in unknown restaurant areas.  Unfortunately we were completely underwhelmed.The restaurant itself is really cute - lots of wood paneling, Thai themed decor and paintings, wood tables and chairs.  The staff was also very friendly.  That's about where anything resembling four starts ends for me.  I ordered the Pad Thai as I have found this to be steadily good in the twenty or so other Thai restaurants I have eaten at around the country.  Here, it tasted like it was mixed up with a weird sweet and sour sauce.  Pad Thai should not be sweet.  At all.  They also did not give us the option for hotness levels, which I didn't think of until after we ordered, so our food came out very mild.  My husband ordered the Pad Woon Sen, which while better than my Pad Thai, was still unimpressive.  I left disappointed with a sticky sweet taste in my mouth.If this had come up on the app as a three star restaurant, our experience would have been much more explainable.  Hopefully the food is better other times, though what was coming out to other tables looked much like what we were served so I don't know.  I would give the ambiance, location and service a four, but the food a one or two.  I can't give this place a three star review, because I really don't feel that it's "A-ok".  So we'll go with the two star "Meh, I've experienced better", because that's exactly how I feel.
4	My coworkers love Thai Taste. It's a regular thing, even though it's not quite convenient or quick to get here from the office in Southpark. But we still go and they love it.Lunch specials are the curries and noodles and stir fry, with the Pud Thai (never seen it spelled like that) that is the national dish of Thailand. That's what I always have when I come here, but the others usually get the 'house noodles'. Lunch includes a bowl of soup and ice tea (sweet syrup is with the other condiments on the table) but sodas are of the canned variety and are therefore extra.How spicy do you want it? There's a good question. Pick a number from zero (plain) to five (includes a tablespoon of gasoline, I think) and you can also ask for "fresh" which means that it's not dried peppers but the freshly chopped ones that the military use for crowd control. I usually end up with three and that's enough that I can still taste the food and my teeth aren't melting. I have one friend who goes for "six fresh" and he's usually sweating a bit when the meal is done.Thai Taste opens for lunch at 11:30 and you absolutely want to be here at that time because it gets extremely crowded.Lunch is VERY inexpensive if you stick with the tea. Under ten dollars for a freshly cooked and delicious meal. Love it!They do have a wifi signal, but I forgot to ask for the passcode.
5	Thai can be a hit or miss with me especially since some Thai dishes can be greasy. Thai taste make really great food not too greasy. The fried rice is good and so is thepad thai. I liked thier version of chicken noodle soup and the coconut pudding is to die for!!  Very friednly service!
5	After finding this little gem about a year ago in Dilworth, we still keep going back to Thai Taste for our Thai food.  We don't go anywhere else! The staff is superb, and always recognizes us when we come in.  They even know us when we call-in our order to pick it up!  While everyone usually goes for Pad Thai, we always go for the red curry.  Their seafood red curry is absolutely creamy and well-seasoned that you can help but drink every last drop of the sauce! My partner always goes for the Tofu red curry, which is her all time favorite.  All-in-all, Thai Taste is a great place to dine-in (when it's not overly packed), or to take home for an evening of dinner and a movie!
5	Favorite Thai food in Charlotte.  Slammed for lunch, but they'll get you fed quickly.  Curries very good.  Best known for Pud Thai.  Dare you to get 4**** or more.  Friendly, efficient staff.  Seems like everyone in Charlotte goes to East Blvd Thai Taste.
2	a lot of people seem to like this place, and i don't know really know why. i mean, the food just tastes okay. i think it's kind of pricey, too, for what you get. here is why i think so:1) i've been to thailand, and the food here tastes like watered-down thai food. like more westernized than it should be. 2) i got a green curry, and all the vegetables that were in it were obviously frozen and the dish seemed like it was reheated--rather than being made-to-order. it was super-slow in the restaurant too, and i did not hear nor see any real cooking going on from my viewpoint of the kitchen. plus, we got our food unnaturally fast.3) they serve canned sodas, instead of fountain. even though i don't drink soda that much, there are days when you just want something bubbly and caffeinated. plus, you don't want to have to pay over $1.50 or so for each glass you consume.4) i am greatly influenced by the clientele. being a restaurant that serves asian cuisine, i like to not be the only asian person eating there. sorry folks. i'm not racist. it just makes sense that if other asians like it, then it's gonna be good.
4	I got a little bit sick after the Gaeng Kua Curry but my friend seemed to be okay.  This place isn't exactly what I would call aesthetically beautiful but it's cozy.  Plus, I love curry like it's nobody's business so this place gets automatic props.  I can drink curry til I get sick (probably why I did get sick).My friend and I originally meet at another restaurant across the street.  We saw the menu prices and was scared out into the streets.  We walked a block and ran into this restaurant.  The prices are decent and the food is good (I can only attest to the curry).  Parking might be a little hard.  Other than that, this is definitely a healthy, affordable place.  I'll be back!
4	Ive been going here for years. Hands down the best Thai in Charlotte!
3	Been here for dinner once before, and it definitely satisfies the Thai food craving, but otherwise I think its just okay. The food is sort of bland tasting to me, and the inside is a bit on the skeevy side, but its otherwise festively decorated and seems to be a family-owned restaurant for the most part. I realize Charlotte doesn't have many different kinds of cuisine, so I suppose its good that they have places like Thai Taste for that occasional, yet inevitable craving for Thai (at least for some of us).
5	Best Thai I have had on town. Love the red curry and summer rolls (we get two orders for appetizers and another for dessert!)The red curry is flavorful and I love it spicy! The veggies in the dish compliment it so well.  It is worth the drive for Thai in my book and consistent quality over the Matthews spinoff.
4	Excellent Thai restaurant quite close to downtown. Gets very busy during weekday lunch, so plan on waiting for a table to clear up unless you get there early.While I have tried a number of Thai dishes, I have come to only order the green curry chicken unless if I absolutely feel like getting something else. The green curry here is thick and flavorful - they really spice it up, even for a 4*, so be careful as to what level of spice you wish to order.
5	Great service and great food! What a combo. Try #20 - it's delicious! This is my favorite Thai restaurant.
5	Yum, yum, and yum again! This is one of the tastiest Thai restaurants I ave ever been to. I always get some version of their many curry dishes, and they are all delicious! This is a regular neighborhood dining spot for me.
4	Love their vegetarian pad thai.  The were very accommodating with my plant strong eating style.  Can be a little crazy to get a table at lunch time.  So get there before 12 to beat the lunch crowd.
4	this is my go to once a week thai binge spot. i basically get the exact same order ever (DAMN) time and im never disappointed. For reference, thats the 42, spicy level 3 (so i can add my own sriracha) and some assortment of chicken, beef and or shrimp, although ive largely stopped ordering the beef here because its just a little on the chewy side. The thai salad is also awesome. I would however stay away from their duck, as its just not that awesome, kudos for putting it on, but unfortunately it just doesnt deliver (for me at least). The order guy is super cool, hes a white dude who speaks thai, and all the servers there are just salt of the earth nice people, so its really quite nice to eat here be it dine in or take out!
1	Disgusting!!!!! i saw one people at the front door who seat guests blow his nose into the corner of the resturant onto the floor while he thought nowone was looking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!we got up and left.
5	YUMMY Thai food- when we go- we get the pad see ew (sooo good) , red curry (you want to lick to plate) and the hot pot of tom yum which is so freakin good- always super hot which is how it tastes best. My favorite thai restaurant in Clt by far.
4	The best massaman curry in town.  I get it with tofu.  My hubs likes the gang dang with chicken.  Wonderful tea.  Wonderful service.I love this cozy place in the winter... it is so endearingly ecclectic on the inside: it is small but not tight, it has a great window onto the sidewalk of East Blvd., it has twinkly lights around said window.  Walking in here from the cold, sitting down to a hot pot of tea and some massaman is a great way to spend a lunch hour but an even better way to spend an evening.--the parking is tight--
1	So, I know this is 3 years later, but I felt the need to share my experience. I went in for my favorite Thai dish, Pad See Ewe, and had it to-go. When I got home I noticed that it had a grey look to it and an odd smell. The smell I can only compare to that of an elephant. I thought perhaps that this was more of a traditional Pad See Ewe or that maybe it had been cooked for too long. But, the cabbage was grey and the taste was nasty. I ate a few bites and threw it away. Why didn't I contact the restaurant about this? I don't know. I was a much nicer person back then, I suppose. But, obviously if I'm writing this 3 years later something was wrong.And no, I never returned to "overpriced just because it's in Dilworth" Thai Taste.Thai House (University AND Pineville-Matthews road) is MUCH better and a bit cheaper.
4	My Thai-craving days have ceased to be numbered and Thai Taste came up on my radar for a lunch visit with a buddy this week. Happily obliged an early lunch and we certainly beat the impending crowd that tends to form right around lunchtime proper. The lunch menu is very quaint. About 7 options that can all be tailored for choice of protein, veggies, level of spice and other accoutrement. Variations of pad thai, soups. rice dishes and mixed veggies. I settled on the pad thai and was thrilled with the result. Baby bok choy, bean sprouts, rice noodles, a spring roll and a delectable dipping sauce. It's a hefty portion for such a cheap lunch, too. I went with 2-star spice and was happy I did. It cleared my sinus cavity with ease. My #1 recommendation: order the hot tea. Especially on a cold day. It's a simple oolong/citrus tea that works so well with the food. I'm stoked to come back and order the tea again. The service is super friendly, fast, and fun. They were attentive throughout our meal. Though the menu isn't vast for lunch, I'd like to come back in for dinner sometime soon. Cheer, Thai Taste!
4	I had been craving for some Thai food ever since I went to Thai Takeout in Dilworth (it's great Thai food, please see my separate review). But I thought I tried someplace else. What I like best about Thai Taste is their dining area decor. It's very exotic and traditional looking, as if you walked into Thailand. The bright red moldings on the ceiling and the elephant pattern tablecloths are a couple cool examples.For dinner I had the Gaeng Dang, a seafood combination, red curry sauce in coconut cream with green peas, bamboo shoot, chili, string beans, basil leaves, scallops, shrimp and squid. It like Christmas in a curry plate! The coconut milk blended in with the red curry seamlessly (and I am NOT a coconut fan) Paired along side with jasmine rice, the meal was absolute perfection! The service was great and I my wait was for less than five minutes, which was a pleasant surprise. I will be back soon!
2	I've been here for lunch and its good. Not great but good. They have a very limited lunch menu, which is annoying, but the food is good.  Tonight I decided to order the delivery food. It has now been an hour and a half and no food. I have been charged (thank you online banking) but no food. When I called the guy said all the delivery orders have gone out and that it should be here soon.  Soon would have been at 8:30, only an hour after I ordered it. Now we are approaching 9:30, I'm starving and annoyed. I do not recommend ordering the delivery, ever!
5	I eat here nearly once every weekend.
5	This is a major addiction!!!!
3	Everything about this place is okay.  The atmosphere is okay, the service is okay, the food is okay. It's one of the better more traditional Thai places in the area but I tend to prefer more americanized versions of Pad Thai. You can taylor each dish to the spice level you prefer. The menu has a nice variety.
5	Get the red curry!  Didn't have too much time to explore the rest of the menu as I was grabbing a quick lunch but it's always nice to find a great Thai restaurant when I'm on the road. This hit the spot.
5	I've never experienced better Thai.  I'm absolutely addicted.I live in the Dilworth area and this has become my go-to.  Sometimes we eat in, but more often than not we grab take out and enjoy the yumminess at home.  For years, like many, I would order the Pad Thai.  Once I started branching out, I got hooked. I've since had the Poh Tok Soup, Gaeng Dang (one of my favorites), Gaeng Panang (my least favorite but still good), Mussumun Curry (awesome), Gaeng Kua Curry, and Pud Met Ma Muang (awesome stir fry).It's all wonderful.  The staff is also awesome with excellent service and smiling faces!  I love Thai Taste and if you love great Thai food, here's your spot.
5	Best Thai near uptown by far.  May not be as trendy as Thai Basil but the prices are reasonable and the food is considerably more authentic.  Staff speaks Thai & Lao.
5	Lived in Chicago and LA for the past eight years and this place is better than any Thai restaurants I experienced in those cities.  On top of that, the staff is super friendly, knowledgeable (since I'm sometimes indecisive), and always asks me how spicy I want it.  A+
4	Thai Taste is my 2nd favorite on my list when I'm in desperate need of Thai food. I go here with my best friend all the time. They remember what I ordered from the 1st time I came. I promised myself to try something new every time I come yet manage to order THE SAME THING EVERY SINGLE TIME. Robin and I ordered the Koon Gra Bok as an appetizers which is marinated shrimp wrapped in egg roll shells, deep fried served with their sweet and sour sauce. Omg. I'm in love. I mean comon now, it's deep fried. It has a nice crunch to it. Remind me of the fried spring rolls my mom make at home. Delicious!!! For dinner or lunch I alway go with C-2, the chicken Mussamun curry with coconut milk, onions, potatoes and peanuts. Alway alway NON spicy because I can't take anything spicy. I like it, very favorable, nice curry kick without the hurting your nose or eyes while eating it. It finish with a nice crunchy peanuts topping. I have tried the Pud Thai which is very famous there. Is ok, a little to sweet for me. I also liked their pineapple fried rice but wish they can add Chinese sausages. I would like this dish even more. Staffs there are alway nice. They remember people and what their ordered which is crazy to me. I like coming in and see the familiar faces. They get our food to the table quick, good customer services and always on point. I will and have been back...
4	I have mixed feelings about this place. The food is delicious (which is the most important thing anyway), but service is just meh. Also the interior is a little cramped up with not much elbow room between tables. It must be about as wide as a train compartment. While we were there, they always had a lot of take out packs waiting at the counter so other people might be sharing my opinions about the service / crowded interiors too? But I repeat, the food is MIND BLOWING.We had the spring roll appetizer which was just okay. For entrees we had the Pud Met Ma Muang (cashew nut) with duck. The duck was delicious. It was crispy and full of flavor. We will definitely be back to try more variety (or maybe just keep ordering the duck?) but I definitely do recommend this place.
4	After calling Thai Thai, and being told they had a LONG wait, over an hour, I decided I would give Thai Taste and a try, and was happy I did. I enjoyed the Pud See Ew with shrimp, and a side of Jasmine Rice, which I love. The dish was great and will definitely enjoy it again!
5	After hearing all the great reviews about this Thai place, my bf and I finally gave it a try.So, glad we tried this place! For appetizer we have the Koong Gra Bok, it was really crispy, deep fried, not the healthiest, but still so good. For the main entree I had The Beef Pad Thai, it was so flavorful and sooo good! Service was great and quick on a late Saturday night.  Can't wait to try their other dishes.
4	I came here for both lunch and dinner and I do have to say their lunch is much better than dinner. I'd have to say their lunch was much better. For their lunch menu, you get a selection of about 6 to 7 dishes that are either noodle, curry or fried rice. It comes with a spring roll and a salad. The flavors are pretty good, it's not the most authentic Thai restaurant, but for the price you are paying to get a lunch combo, it's great. Also, this place is pretty good for group setting. I do have to say it is is not the most spacious restaurant so be sure to come early or don't come right at prime time lunch hour. As for their dinner, it is more on the expensive side and I do not find anything on their menu that jumps YOU GOTTA TRY THIS! Service was pretty good.
5	Came to know of this gem very recently ! one of the best thai places in charlotte !! simply love their pud thai !! its saucy..and so full of flavor ! also tried out their masaman and special friend rice ! yum yumm yummy!!
4	Went here today for lunch with work pals and got the pud khing sod with seafood and it was delicious. The lunches start with a light miso tofu soup and the main dish comes with rice and a spring roll. Love the hot sauce selection. The service is super speedy; small place so it's tight in there. Will try the pad Thai next. That's what everyone typically gets here because  it's so good.
1	Awful.
4	Best Thai food in Charlotte - hands down! I am obsessed with the Massaman Curry. My husband & I have tried many different entrees here, everything is always so delicious. The only reason I am giving Thai Taste 4 stars instead of 5 is because the service leaves something to be desired. Very slow and not very attentive. Generally, we just get take-out (and for that, I'd give 5 stars.)
4	nice little Thai grub-remodeled since the last time I was there(10 yrs)  Seated immediately(7:30pm)All the sudden the place filled up with single 26 yr females.  Food was great also-lettuce wraps were yummy, good veg stir fry.
4	I love this place. My husband and I have been going here for years. We peobably Eat here 1-2x per week. It's also the go-to when me and my friends want Thai. The servers are so nice. They now know the specific things I like in my dishes and always ask. I'm obsessed with the Mee Krob lettuce wraps. They're just so good. I could eat them as my entree. I always get them with tofu, it's small, crispy, and delicious. Mmm. I never get the same thing because it's all good. I'm a vegetarian so i can't really comment on how the seafood/meat taste but all the sauces and stir fry's are good so I imagine they are so no matter what you get with em. The Red Curry is sOooo good. It's my favorite in Charlotte and I'm a huge Thai foodie who travels all the time and always goes to Thai restaurants. I love the simple vegetable dishes with brown sauce too. And the pad Thai is amazing. I love Thai taste!
5	Loved it!! Impromptu stop while driving through Charlotte and what a fantastic choice. Menu was simple and easy to understand, although I relied on the expertise of my date in ordering. Plates arrived quickly. At first I thought the serving size was a bit small, but it ended up the perfect amount. The Pad Thai was surprisingly sweet, but still excellent. Atmosphere was cozy and very authentic.  A definite new favorite when traveling through charlotte.
5	Well, it took getting rid of my kids to be able to make another trip to Thai Taste.  They did not get the "Thai" gene.I was so excited just making the trek north for proper Thai.  I love walking in to the dark, wood paneled dining room loaded with kitschy Thai art and fans.  I order the same thing every time...an order of summer rolls that I do not share and the chicken gaeng daeng (chicken in coconut milk and red curry.  It has bamboo shoots, peas, carrots, green beans and thai basil).  I savored every bite even if I snarfed it down in 5 minutes.  YUM!
4	Went there Sunday evening on the 13th of October 2013 and really enjoyed the Thai food this restaurant had to offer!  I got - Spicy Yellow Curry Fried Rice with chicken and a spring roll. I sat closest to the window(towards the road) and it was freezing inside. the vents appeared to be on full blast, luckily I brought a coat with me to stay warm.
4	This is the best Thai I've had so far in Charlotte. I've tried their curry and pad tai. Both very good and large portions. I got take out back to back so that should say alot :)
4	Picture it. Thursday. Noon. All of Charlotte has descended on this small restaurant on East Blvd. Seriously, I think everyone in a 50 mile radius decided to have lunch here yesterday. Despite the mad rush, we waited only a few minutes to get a table.I love any place that will immediately bring me a bowl of soup after I am seated. It's like a hug. So comforting and soothing.The lunch specials are a little limited, but all the basics are there. I went with my usual: Shrimp Pad Thai. It comes with a spring roll and yummy dipping sauce. For me, the portion size is big enough to split into two meals. I always have leftovers to take home... no matter how hungry I am.I got a water and a Coke, but was super jealous when they brought my friend's iced tea. It came with a pitcher of iced tea as well. I guess it's best soda doesn't come in a pitcher... although, that's probably every dentist's dream. Paging Dr. Cavity.Dine in or take out... Thai Taste is a great place to grab food. Service is always on point... even when it's crazy busy. The people here are super nice. Never had a bad experience here. And to be honest, I don't know anyone who has. Keep up the good work Thai Taste.
5	I've been wanting to try this place for a year and a half and with my impending due date in sight I was determined to get some spicy food! We ordered the veggie spring rolls to start and while I wasn't a huge fan, the chili sauce they are served with is spectacular! I got the chicken pad see ew and omg! Best dish I've ever had!!!! I ordered it the first time at a "2" heat level and the second time- just a few days later at a "3"...; super amazing! If you are in the area and want to get some great food, stop by Thai Taste!!!! You will not be disappointed!
5	This is my go-to thai take out place! I can't offer too many reviews on the various dishes because I order the pad thai with medium heat every time and it is delicious! The egg rolls are good, too! Another plus would be that the guy who runs the take out, he makes everything easy and is really friendly.
4	I have only had take out here. twice. both times I really enjoyed the pad thai & the red curry w/ chicken. Both dishes had great flavor. I highly recommend both!
3	Heard great things about this place when I first move down from NJ, but came up pretty weak in flavors.  I'll give it another shot since my experience was take out.Was also disappointed they wouldn't deliver to my place on Park Road because I was .2 of mile over there "range".
5	Whenever we visit Charlotte we make it a point to either have lunch or dinner at Thai Taste. They have good vegetarian choices, reasonably priced with good portions. My kids love Thai Taste. Highly recommend.
4	I came here with friends for dinner, and left full and happy.I had the panang curry with chicken, with 3 out of 5 on the spice scale. The spice was balanced perfectly, and I gobbled it all up, including all of the rice.  This was delicious!  My partner had pad Thai, which was tasty but too sweet for my liking.We had lettuce wraps and spring rolls for appetizers. Both were pretty good, but not outstanding.  The lettuce wrap filling could have included some shredded pork or egg, but appeared to just be crispy fried noodles.  Maybe I didn't read the menu carefully enough before ordering, but the flavor was still pretty good.  The Thai iced coffees were very good, though I've had better for sure.The atmosphere is kitschy, but I prefer this kind of older, established place over most new and fancy places like you'll find all over uptown and south end.  There's no pretense here, which is refreshing for the charlotte restaurant scene.  Prices seemed fair for what you get.Based just on the panang curry I'll be back for sure ;)
2	Less than average Thai food and way overpriced for what you get
1	Thai taste is indicative of ethnic restaurants in Charlotte--second rate. $13 gets you a small portion of shrimp pad Thai or an even smaller portion of gaeng dang (red coconut curry with chicken).The red coconut curry is fine on taste, however the pad Thai is too dry, typical for this dish as it is difficult to make. Other restaurants provide a lemon wedge to cut the dry peanut flavor, not the case at Thai Taste. I love loving in Charlotte but it has a long way to go to shake itself of its white middle America populace that dictates the culinary industry.  There's no decent kabobs, Chinese, Thai or Indian here. Guess I was spoiled living in Northern VA.
4	I'd say a solid 3.5 stars for Thai Taste on East Blvd.  Food is good, service can be hit or miss depending on how busy they are, but if I lived closer I would be here for take out a lot!  My last visit, we were actually seated near the desk where people come in and pay and the orders were lined up on the counter.... It would be a little overwhelming, but I think it's great that can handle that many orders at one time (this was also on a Sunday evening!!).One minus is that they didn't have a kid's menu, but the server was good about recommending things that are good for children.Had the C-2... curry at a spice level 4... and man it about kicked my a**.  Luckily they put all the pepper flakes in the middle so you can mix it in yourself (which I thought was smart) so you can gradually make it to your spice level... I went a little gun-ho and mixed it all in, but in hindsight should have taken it down a notch.   Oh well - another time.Parking is a little tight, but there are plenty of spaces.  I would stay clear of the spaces toward the front of the lot because you have people zooming in and out trying to get their take out.  When you are hungry, you are hungry, because people seem to whip in here like no tomorrow...
4	Super delicious and authentic Thai food. Decor is eclectic, food isn't fussy, and the prices are spot on. Flavorful, fresh, and fan-freakin'-TASTIC.
3	Solid food. Had the shrimp pad thai and spring rolls, both were pretty good. Nice sized portions for the price.
4	First tine here. Had their daily special Thai Taste Chicken, which was crispy chicken breast pieces over broccoli and lettuce. The key here was that the chicken WAS crispy. And tender! And DELICIOUS! A little more sweet than heat but enough heat to cause the occasional sniffle.I just had to also order their house Fried rice. I opted for beef as I already had a chicken dish. This was decent but not nearly as good as the chicken dish. I had to add a little soy sauce to bring out the flavors. But it WAS good. I guess I've eaten at so many great Thai places around the Continent that my expectations were a tad higher.One criticism is the lack of a decent wine list! With Asian food they should have some semi sweet whites by the glass to choose from. They didn't, unless you count White Zin in that category. I don't. A simple Cali Riesling or German Spatlese would work.Overall Thai Taste did not disappoint! I will definitely be back to try their more traditional Pad Thai dishes that everyone raves about! Based on what I had I'd definitely recommend Thai Taste.
3	I've had takeout for Thai Taste that was incredible- unfortunately, I didn't order it myself so I never knew what I was eating. I went this past weekend and ordered the Gaeng Keow Wan Curry which I found to be super bland. It tasted more like water than anything else. I was really disappointed, and found myself wishing I ordered something else.The restaurant itself is really cute, and I liked the Koong Gra Bok appetizer (kind of like a shrimp egg-roll), and my husband loved his meal (pad thai with pork) but I wasn't impressed with my meal at all. I will have to try their red curry to see if it's any better. Still a Siam girl for my Thai cravings...
4	This place has quickly become a favorite! The menu isn't as vast as some other places but everything I have tried had been great! The Pad Thai is a huge portion and always lasts me 2 meals. The service here is very quick and so is the take out! Prices are very reasonable too!
2	I had this for take out earlier in the week and was really disappointed. I did order Chicken Pad Thai which is probably the most basic of Thai dishes but still it wasn't nearly as good as other Thai places I have had. This place has potential but did not deliver during my first experience.
4	I've been to this location a couple of times for take out. Fast, friendly service! Reasonably priced and good flavors. I really enjoyed the Gaeng Dang with chicken. The first time I went with a 4 spice level and it wasn't as hot as I expected so the next visit I upped it to a 5 spice level. As I told the guy on the phone when I ordered, "what the hell, it's Tuesday, right?". None the less, I took it home anticipating my mouth catching fire, well it didn't. I was disappointed until I had the leftovers the next evening. That's when I located the 5 spice level at the bottom of the dish. Wow, it really brought the heat! Lesson learned, eat the whole damn thing in one sitting! Looking forward to my next visit!
4	Gotten take out from here twice and I'm definitely a fan. About $16 for spring rolls and chicken pad thai and I swear they give you enough for at least 2 meals.They only have one phone line and during dinner hours they are busy. Second time I tried I thought I had ordered the fresh spring rolls but got fried instead. Not sure if it was my fault or there's. The pad thai had great flavor and decent portion of chicken. The peanut sauce alone will keep bringing me back here. The inside to me seems very old fashioned authentic thai. It's dark and homey, good date spot or with groups too. Everyone at the counter seems slow, but friendly.Never have had to wait on my food. Perfect takeout place! Yay!
3	My friend suggested that we go to Thai Taste for dinner after attending a Yelp event.  I love Thai food, and my taste buds were practically dancing with excitement in anticipation of the spiciness.The restaurant is small and has a retro Asian decor.  Upon being seated, the server took our drink orders.  I got their house Chardonnay and found the taste a bit odd, possibly sweet.  But, it was wine, and it was nice to enjoy a glass with my meal.Thai Taste has a number of vegetarian options, which I appreciate.  I chose a dish that featured spinach and other vegetables in a peanut sauce.  I noted that I could request for my dish to be prepared from 1 to 5 on the heat scale.  I was on the edge of my seat with excitement,  but wanting to appear somewhat lady like, I merely chose rating 4.When my dish arrived, I was disappointed.  Not only did  the peanut sauce taste more sweet than savory, the heat was non existent.  I kept dumping the red sauce in the squeeze bottle onto my food, but I never felt the burn.  My dinner companion, however, was pleasantly sniffing during his meal.  He had only ordered a 3, but something tells me he got my 4.There was a generous amount of food, so I took my leftovers home. I gave them to my husband to take for lunch the next day.  He enjoyed the dish very much!  So, that is one reason I am giving Thai Taste 3 stars instead of 2.This is my second recent disappointment regarding the lack of heat in my food at a restaurant.  If there is anybody out there who has good vegetarian food with a burn, please let me know.
5	Good food and good service. Great lunch specials. They have never gotten my order wrong. This is a little gem in dilworth; don't blink or you'll miss it!
4	Fast, well-priced, no-frills.They bring you soup as a starter as part of their service and the food comes out so fast it will make your head spin. Great for a quick lunch option. Our office is one street over, so we walk over here every now and then.Good flavors - again - nothing posh, but simple and tasty.Another plus, is there is hardly ever a wait - you get seated right away. Noodles, Pho, Soups, Curry etc. You will find it here.
3	I like Thai Taste but I don't know that they are the "best" Thai restaurant I have ever been to.  I have visited the Matthews location as well and I was not very impressed.  The pad thai tasted fishy and the spice they used completely overpowered the other flavors.  So it was basically fishy cayanne.  Great!Ok, I know this isn't about the Mattthews location but I had to preface this review by letting you know the experience I had at their sister location.  So, I tried the pud see ew.  I think the "ew" pretty much describes the dish.  Others recommended it so I went for it.  Big Mistake.  It was basically salted noodles with a couple pieces of broccoli.  I added shrimp and they were super fishy.  It just wasn't good.  My friend tried the green curry and that was pretty good...heavy on the coconut but it was decent.  My other friend tried something that had tofu in it so I didn't even try hers.  :)The wine was served in these little dessert wine glasses that I couldn't even get my lips around--odd and not enjoyable.The service was good, the atmosphere was simple, the prices were decent but I just am not that thrilled with the quality of the food.  I know for some reason it is just me but I just find it to be ok.
3	We have visited this place for dinner.we have ordered the spring rolls and chicken fried rice.spring rolls were perfect and good.the chicken fried rice was good but the best I have eaten from Thai restaurents they can make it better with Thai flavours.overall it's a good visit
5	Best Pud Thai in town! And I've tried a lot! I always get take out and my experience is always wonderful. The service is extremely fast and friendly. Thank you Thai Taste!
4	So the ambience isn't the greatest and the servers will never look you in the eye (or even close to at you), and their beer menu isn't the greatest.  Though screw it.  Everything else about this place is great.  I started with an app of the dumplings.  Nothing special, but not bad.  Though, when I got my pad thai I was amazed that my 80lb server could carry such a big dish.  DAAAYUUUM they give you a lot of food.  For 13.95 for the seafood combiantion it is a steal.  They ask you how spicy you want you want your food (1-5).  I went with three and I am glad I did.  I think 4 or 5 would have been to much, but like goldilocks i am slut and 3 was just right. I finished this up with a Thai ice tea which was spot on.  Looking for an authenitc nothing fancy thai place?  This is your spot.
4	The parking lot began filling up before the restaurant opened. (A good sign indeed). They were busy and handled the crowd well. My guess is that they are used to being busy.  The red curry and pad Thai were both delicious. Look forward to returning.
2	I only give it 2 stars for the atmosphere and service and promptness of the food arrival. It didn't taste good. I think pad Thai is a good measure of any Thai restaurant, if they can't get this right I have little faith in other dishes. The sauce was too much and too sweet. In fact it tasted like the sweet and sour dipping sauce with chili added. There are much better places to eat Thai food in Charlotte.
2	The McDonald's of Thai Food.  It's edible but that's about it.  This is very mediocre Thai food.  It tastes hastily prepared with minimal effort to use quality ingredients or to create the depth and layers of flavor that exist in good Thai food.  Don't waste your time.  There are plenty of other Thai places in town.
2	definitely NOT authentic thai food.the pad thai tasted very americanized. did not have the peanuty tamarind taste that pad thai usually has. it tasted like sweet and sour.was super disappointed, sad, upset that i wasted calories on this meal.they also did not have sriracha (which was definitely needed) and their hot sauces were weird and watery yuckk
4	Delicious shrimp fried rice. The best part to me was all of the extra sauces they have on the table, green (vinegar based), red (sweet), and hot pepper, to name a few. They have a few Eastern beers as well. Enjoyable place to eat, reasonably priced.
3	This is definitely the place to go for lunch if you work in the area.  At least...that's what I'd assume by the cars stacked on top of each other in the parking lot.Thai Taste is decorated in that dark Thai motif we've all experienced before.  They were shy a few golden elephants...but I'll let that slide.The food here is good.  I have enjoyed all of the dishe2 I've tried.  The food was however...a bit surprising.  The Pad Thai for instance...doesn't taste like Pad Thais that I've become accustomed to.  Good...but different.The prices are reasonable and the service is fairly prompt.  You do get a little close for comfort with some pretty cramped seating...but hey...that lunch crowd.
4	if you're looking for some good thai.. here's your place.  Portions are very generous and the service is fast and friendly.  They are a tad pricey, but you'll get your money worth.  Cashew Chicken is a great!
1	Normally if a place isn't good I wouldn't do a review but I will for Thai Taste because Im surprised at how bad it was! Ive always heard good things about this place. I ordered Chicken Pad See Ew and they gave me complimentary fried shrimp/egg roll things. I was hungry so I was ready to dive into my food but, it just wasn't good!The chicken looked poor in quality and it had an odd smell. I couldn't help but to think of dirty mop water the whole time I attempted to eat it. On top of not being able to finish it my stomach turned and I had heartburn for the rest of the night. I will not order take out again; first & last time for me!
2	My husband and I have been wanting to try Thai Taste for a while now, as we love thai food and it is fairly close to our apartment. Unfortunately, for us, we weren't super impressed with the service or food. We ordered delivery on Sunday night. I was told it would be an hour wait, which was completely fine! 2 hours came by and I was literally about to call the place when the delivery guy knocked on the door. He apologized for being late (kinda laughing while saying it) and said they lost our ticket. I mean, I get it, people make misstakes in life. But geez, throw in a egg roll or something or atleast be sincere with an apology. Because of this, I have a feeling our food was just sitting under a warmer for a very long time.I ordered the red curry chicken and my husband ordered the chicken pad thai. The red curry was actually very good. Big portion of chicken, veggies, rice, and red curry sauce. The pad thai was very much lacking. It was super sweet (even though we asked for like 4 star spicy) and tasted crazy bland and a bit stale (maybe like it had been sitting under a warmer for the past hour). Prices were a bit high for dinner. With tip and delivery fee, our total was about $30 or so. If we decide to go back again, we definitely will be skipping the delivery and just picking up instead.
4	The delivery is fast and reasonably priced. Food is always hott and delicious. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes thai.
3	For the price compared with what you get, you can do much better elsewhere. The Pad Thai is $10.95 and hardly had any beef in it, almost all noodles.Terrible beer selection; Michelob, Bud, Heineken, the usual suspects. The whole experience was meh, doubt I'll be back.
4	Food and service was good. I had chicken pad Thai and was good and what I would expect. My only issue is I think they mixed up my spice level and my husbands. Mine was super spicy for level 2 and his was not at a 4. Will return and recommend.
5	My boyfriend recently introduced me to Thai food.  The Pad Thai and Pad See Ew are amazing!! I love this place.  I don't believe the are open on Sunday's which is a bummer but great Thai restaurant.
