3	Harkins 16 is exactly like every other Harkins theater.  That it to say, a huge, context-less concrete box in the middle of the desert that shows the same movies as their competitors.  I saw the Simpsons movie here tonight and just have a few thoughts to share.-The Cine Capri screen is big.  Anyone who has visited either the Scottsdale location or now-defunct Camelback relic knows this, but I felt it was worth repeating.  Very cool to see a movie on a screen larger than life itself.-There is always "that guy" in the theater.  You know, the one that laughs as loud as a bullhorn, repeats everything that happens on-screen, and occasionally yells out something profane or derogatory.  Now, imagine a theater where every guy is "that guy."  If it weren't for the cool factor of the huge screen and seeing a movie I've been waiting to see since childhood, I would have walked out in annoyance.  Seriously, what compels people to behave like this?  I don't know if this is due to the proximity to ASU (beefneck central), but it sucked.-Previously mentioned by another reviewer, but Dippin Dots are awesome.  Simply awesome.Getting out of the parking lot was a disaster.  I don't know if the whole Tempe Marketplace complex could be more poorly designed.
4	This theater has a Cine Capri! Pretty much identical to the one in Scottsdale this theater will probably always be busy come school time, but sometimes it is truly worth it to see a movie on a huge screen. They also hype it up a ton so it actually  is a really fun experience. The only down sides are that tickets go really fast and they are a bit more pricey than a regular screen in the same theater.
5	The new Harkins Cine Capri, one of the first things to open in Tempe Marketplace, boasts 16 theatres and offers more than the norm when it comes to movie snacks. Moviegoers can order brownie bites, mozzarella sticks and pizza.The theatre is super spacious and the seats are plush and comfy. And the screen is huge. This is my new favorite movie theatre.
3	Since when are mozzarella sticks considered "gourmet"?  I don't know, try asking the Harkins peeps.  Those high end frozen and breaded delicacies are sooo much more high end than, you know, hot dogs and nachos. Beyond the gourmet dining selections and the large and expansive newness of it all, the Tempe Marketplace Harkins basically seems like any other new theater that would pop up in Gilbert or elsewhere.I usually stick to the AMC Esplanade and its subdued feel, but last week provided a good chance to escape the usual cineplex.  I saw Eastern Promises on a regular screen, and beyond the typical rude and inconsiderate losers that are in almost every other theater, I thought the experience and the seats were comfortable and decent.  Give it a few years for the newness to wear off, and it will be like every other shopping plaza cineplex.  I would go back again if I'm in the area.
4	This is my second-favorite theater in Phoenix, after Camelview 5. Why? It's clean, close by and generally NOT as stuffed with annoying middle schoolers as the other cinemas (it could be that they have a stricter curfew, much like the one in place at Desert Ridge).On the other hand, it could be that once this place is around a little longer, it will become annoying crowded and I'll find myself having to come to movies 90 minutes before showtime just to get a seat  -- I hope not.Tonight, my husband and I came to Tempe Marketplace to see a Pakistani movie. I'm hoping maybe this theater is moving to occasionally show foreign films -- that would be so awesome, as Camelview 5 is the only other place I know to see them.Unfortunately, I'm a dumb ass and I failed to note that the movie didn't have subtitles. Oh, and I don't speak Urdu.When I asked, someone at the theater informed me that it didn't have subtitles and even offered to refund my money - which shocked me.  But I stuck it out, with a combination of my  "Rosetta Stone lesson 6 Hindi" and by annoying my husband with questions every three minutes. All in all, still a fun experience.Oh, and the bathrooms are always spotless at this cinema. That's worth at least an extra star!
3	Ok, so it's a theatre. Another one. Yes, attached (pretty much) to a huge outdoor mall. Sounds like any other Harkins in the Valley (minus Valley Art and Camelback 5, which I both like very much). But, just wait. Capri? What does that mean? Well, I couldn't tell ya until I went to see Cloverfield here with a friend. I used the kiosk to buy the tickets. I had two choices: capri or amphitheater. Uhm, I went with the best time, which happened to be in the capri. Ok... Sounded good to me. Little did I know that there's a gargantuan screen to look at and that this capri (makes ya think "small" based on the name, like capri pants) really crams in the glutes. After all, I hear it seats like 400 people or something sick like that. Well, okay. Cool, I guess, when I need to take me and my 399 friends to a flick. Yeah, I admit, it was cool to see a film plastered on this monstrous screen. There was even some chubby guy telling the audience all about the screen before the previews played. Perfect, if I were a film screen dork. But, I'm not. All I could do is sit back, rest my feet on the railing in front of me and enjoy the movie, which, if you ask me, wasn't the most difficult thing I've ever had to do.
5	What a great theater! Clean. Good service. The best of the Harkin's Theaters! Any time I go to the movies, it's here.Not only that, but my church is here: ELEVATION CHURCH - www.elevationchurch.tv - (not to be confused with Epicenter which also meets there). Every Sunday @ 9:45 AM - so... yeah, I know these theaters well. Spend more time in them between movie watching and church than I may in my own home. :)Worth checking out!
4	This is a great place to see a movie. Big screen, big sound, high quality service and an experience that is lacking at most theaters. Obviously only huge movies can play on this screen, but that goes hand in hand with the costs of running an operation like this. I saw I Am Legend there and was more than happy. It's no Cinerama, but it's close.
5	OK i gotta say - Best theater i ever been to so far. Just like that, yes!!! Its new, its huge, screen is amazing, sound is awesome - What else can one want from a movie theater!! I did not buy any food or drink there, so i can not comment on that, but judging by amounts of food others were hauling in, i would probably say that its not any worse then anywhere else."I like""Very nice"Eugene
5	Excellent customer service!  I attended a major premier this holiday weekend at the theater, and the long line was created by a staff member in a suit, who graciously offered everyone water while they waited.  The procedure for entering the theater was also smooth and friendly.  The concession stand also met our needs, as we had a small group with us and a rather large order.  No complaints, and we will definitely be back to this theater!  Also before the show, a suited gentleman also announced that this was the largest movie screen in Arizona.  The show started with the dramatic opening of large, golden curtains across the movie screen.  There was even an attendance situated in our theater, so that we could approach him with any concerns instead of having to miss the show.  Best movie experience I've had so far!
5	after the movie was sold out I was tipped by my friend about this theater, and that there usually isn't a lot of people there. She was correct. They had the movie we wanted to see, it wasn't sold out, and on opening night we were one of the few people waiting to be seated( this was only 25 minutes before the start time). As a bonus, I didn't have to show a student ID to get the discounted fair. I do not have a student ID so this was nice! ( not sure if this could wok for everyone though. Theater opens, we got good seats, movie played - ended. A very pleasurable experience. I might come here more often instead of Tempe Marketplace. If you don't like being amidst a sea of 14 year olds this is the place for you. Seemed to be a slightly older crown and was more more chill that other tempe "hangout" theaters.
3	The only thing special about this place is the large Cine Capri screen.  The last two times I have been here, the auditorium has been very warm, and it is always extremely crowded here.  I went on a Monday evening and it took a while to find a parking spot.  I prefer Cinemark, right down the street.  They are cheaper, have better pre-show entertainment, and it is a ghost town compared to Marketplace.
3	My husband and I went to this theater the other night to see the Mamma Mia sing-along premiere (the movie was cheesy, but I love ABBA and had a blast singing along!). We appreciated how friendly the staff was and how clean the facilities were. The food options were also good (they had White Castle cheeseburgers!), although they didn't have those self-serve candy bins, which I love and usually see at larger theatres. I have to complain for a minute about the seats, though. In my opinion, a huge part of the theater experience is how comfortable the seats are, and these ones just didn't cut it. I found myself constantly readjusting my position to try to get comfortable but didn't have much luck. A lot of newer theatres make comfortable seating a big focus, but I guess Harkins didn't get the memo. All in all, a decent theater, but I wouldn't make the drive from South Phoenix when there are two or three perfectly decent theaters that are closer.
3	Motherfuckers closed the Centerpoint Harkins in favor of this new monstrosity. Just what Mill Ave. needs: fewer things to do; more condos I can't afford.Now my pre-movie bike ride involves infinitely more near-death experiences, as well as infinitely fewer opportunities to look at attractive people.  I also can't conveniently finish off a good flick with two or seven pints at Casey Moore's, either. And No, D'Arcy McGee's is no substitute. With all the subsidies Tempe Marketplace has received from the city, you'd think you could have done a better job with the ambience. But I can't look at the fucking lasers in the parking lot without thinking about my tax dollars. Anyway, thanks for still letting me use that student ID. From Oregon. From 2001. And for looking the other way that time my coworkers brought in enough mini-bottles to intoxicate a small island nation. This bumps you up to three stars, but only just barely.But seriously, give me back my Centerpoint theater and I'd kiss you on the lips, Harkins. With tongue.
3	It's nice to have a movie theater less than 2 miles from my apartment, but unfortunately it's at Tempe Marketplace, which means finding parking almost ruins the movie going experience! However, if you can get past that, it's actually a pretty good movie theater for the most part. Matinees are $7 for adults and they have the automated touch machines so you can bypass the line and get your tickets pretty quickly. I did have a slight problem with one of the touch machines this past weekend because a few times it took me almost pounding on the machine for my selection to be activated. Even with that slight problem, I still got my ticket faster than if I had waited in line.When you walk inside, the lobby is very spacious and the thing I have noticed everytime I have gone to a movie at this theatre is how clean it is. They offer your typical movie concessions, as well as sliders, french fries and pizza. Regular sized sodas are $4.00, but for 25 cents extra you can get a "loyalty cup" which buys you $1 refills when you bring it in on future visits to Harkins theaters.The reason I can't give this theater more than 3 stars is due to the seats. Goodness gracious they are uncomfortable! There is almost no give in them and within the two hours my movie played, I must have tried to adjust my position ten times and still never got completely comfortable. Also, and this is a minor pet peeve, but the arm rests don't lift up. I really like that feature in other theaters.All and all, a much better theater than the Harkins at Arizona Mills, but not worth a special trip unless you live close to Tempe Marketplace and don't mind spending time hunting for parking or parking super far away.
4	So far I have seen Twilight and Gran Tornino in this theatre. I love this theatre. It's huge... I did sit in the 3rd row from the screen, but let me tell you. It was still an awesome place to sit and enjoy the movie. The sound is great. I think the introduction done by the staff is a little funny, but it's informational.
4	Saw The Dark Knight in this theater and the screen was huge and the sound was excellent. The kiosks where you can purchase tickets instead of waiting for an open window are great. And I agree with another Yelper who said there weren't as many teenagers just hanging out here. Parking here is a pain and I wish they had better dining options nearby.
4	Huge screen and great sound makes this theater one of my favorites.  Seen tons of movies here and have found not many reasons not to like it.  The parking is not the best, however.  You can get your ticket outside or inside on a quick touchscreen service.   Lots of timings for movies and different screens.  Getting food may take a while as there is a line at the counter, which would be a risk waiting for if your late for the movie.
4	It took a free pass to see Julie & Julia to get me to go to this theater, but I'll for sure be back...I am not a huge fan of going to crazy big strip malls like Tempe Marketplace.  But, every time I do go, I realize it's not so bad... yes, parking sucks, but anything and everything you could possibly want is in this mall.  But alas, my review is for the movie theater - and I have to admit, once you get inside, it's beautiful!Spacious isles, comfortable seats, amazing picture, crystal clear surround sound, decently friendly staff.  Yes, this theater is indeed a winner.  I did not treat myself to movie theater popcorn tonight, but it looked and smelled amazing... I will for sure purchase some for a post-wedding movie (when I'm less concerned about fitting into a wedding dress!) Oh - and for those wondering about Julie & Julia - it was really cute!  I never read the book but I really enjoyed the movie... it officially opens tomorrow!
3	Just got back from Julie & Julia. I would have written sooner but due to technical difficulties ...The movie was great - mellow and entertaining. I feel very lucky to have been one of those who won tix. Nice theater. First time I was there. I didn't (contrary to popular belief) find the parking that bad. Sure it's a little walking but no big deal. The showing was crowded but the staff handled it very efficiently. We were seated pretty easily and like only a handful of times before, I felt like a real VIP! Comfortable seats, wide aisles, easy exits. Bigger-than-average cups for the free water - what more can one ask for? Actually lots and lots of napkins, and it doesn't hurt to bring a thick towel. While this has nothing to do with my enjoyment of the movie or the theater, I just want to include a cautionary note (Hello Gabi!) to all those contemplating popcorn here in the future ... let's just say my husband was holding the bag. I just added a photo of his pants to my acct - recently taken in the last half hour. The grease stain was easily a foot deep. Right now they are sitting on the washer luxuriating in Shout. Sorry for TMI, but should you want to save your clothes ... bring a thick towel. Or Tide to Go. A Lot. :-)
4	I had such a nice time at the screening of Julie and Julia tonight. I'd never been to the movie theatre, and its definitely one of the nicest ones I've been to! I'll definitely be back. The staff was helpful and courteous, bathrooms were clean and the concession lines LOOKED long, but moved very quickly! The seats were comfortable and it was easy to move around the aisles. Parking was a challenge, but I suppose this is to be expected at such a huge center!
5	This is my favorite place to see a movie.  It's clean and has lots of employees on hand at the snack bar.I try to see movies in the Cine Capri but all the theaters in the building are state of the art.  Wonderful theater.
4	I've been several times in both the afternoon, evening and weekends. I've always had a pleasant experience with little noise disruption from others going to the movie. There is stadium seating and the seats are comfortable. The bathrooms and theater have always been clean with no problems. The theater can get crowded at night and weekends. Same goes with the parking lot.If you drink lots of soda when going to the movies, buy the value cup and then each time you come back, the refill is only 1 dollar.
4	I came here this weekend to see Zombieland, and it was hysterical.  I've been to this theatre before on several different occasions.  Everything is clean, runs smoothly, and I have no formal complaints.The theatre is comfy....great seats, big theatre area, and really not a bad seat in the house.  Will be back in the future!!!
2	We had bought tickets the moment they were available to the midnight showing of New Moon, so it was a few months before the premiere this past weekend. We expected it to be busy, and planned accordingly.Little did we know that a new promotion had come out just a couple of weeks before the premiere, where you could upgrade your ticket to see "Twilight" beforehand, then keep your seat for New Moon. This seemed extremely unfair to those of us who simply wanted to see New Moon, and not pay $5 more a ticket to sit through a movie we've seen before just to claim a seat. We soon heard buzzing from other people in line of their disgust, and after a complaint to the manager we were let in early without paying for the upgrade.It didn't matter. We were in the third row, all the way on the side. The theatre was 95% full of people watching Twilight. It wouldn't have mattered if we had camped out 24 hours before the midnight showing, we still wouldn't have had a decent shot at a seat.  Very bad planning on the part of the theatre. This will guarantee that I never attempt a popular premiere at Harkins again. It was as if we were being punished for doing everything right, since we bought our tickets in plenty of time, and showed up hours before. You expect it to be busy, naturally. However everyone should have had an equal shot at getting a good seat. Bad move Harkins, bad move.
3	Went in last night to see "The Crazies".  The movie was ok but I can't review the theater on the movie.  So the theater is close to home which is nice and the Cine Capri screen is great.  My complaint is that the armrests in between seats don't fold up if you don't want them.  The food and drinks are expensive as with any theater.  Another thing I don't like is that they don't have Sour Patch Kids they have the other Sour Jacks which just aren't anywhere near the same level.
3	Theaters are nice and clean. Too bad they couldn't translate that over to the restrooms, which smelled like a port-o-potty. The concession stand worker was incredibly pushy. I understand upselling but asking us after every single thing we order is extremely annoying. I recommend going earlier in the day because it's only $7 for matinee.
4	Parking was not bad. I got a spot 3 spaces down from the sidewalk. We watched Clash of the Titans. Reminds me of the original Cine Capri on Camelback. It is huge, nice, clean, and seats are comfortable. And lots of things to do after wards.
4	I didn't realize Harkins was a local chain, but I always like supporting local businesses.Tickets? Still a bit pricey, but I guess that is everywhere now. I did love the concept of the popcorn t-shirt and the refillable cups, as I like the savings and the lack of paper cup waste. Plus, they had great food options, like actual FOOD instead just soda and popcorn.Seats were comfy, the movie played well and on time, and the bathrooms were clean. I can't argue with this.Wasn't quite super special enough for a 5 star rating, but it does get a very solid "I like this place and would come back" 4 star rating.
5	This is probably my favorite movie theater of all time. they have big screens even in the smaller theaters, the cine capri may be the best viewing experience ever (even better than imax or any home theater i have seen).Like all harkins they have the great deal where if you get the souvenir cup you get refils in it for a buck all year. Unlike other harkins i have been too if your cup gets broken or worn down they wont hassel you if you want it replaced.I also have to say they do a great job with crowds and major releases. They have a great system for getting people in and keeping lines under control, also nice that they provide water when the lines go outside in the summer.The place is also very clean as well and i have never seen stuff left in a seat, floors really sticky or nasty bathrooms. Also when it comes to refunds on tickets they are great giving you up untill i think it is 30min after the show starts to get a free refund (great if a movie is gonna sell out and you have a friend who may or may not make it).
3	Doesn't it ever bother you that you can't bring your leftovers into movie theaters? It's called dinner and a movie for a reason. We go to dinner..and then we go to a movie...Every time i go into Harkins they take my food away from me and say they will "hold on to it" until I'm out of the movie. Do they have a little fridge in the backroom only used for customers? I doubt it. You know it's put with everybody else's food who works there.   I don't like that! What if someone poisoned my food or spit in it, or even decided to eat some while they were "holding" it? And on top of it, I can NEVER can remember to pick up my food before i leave. I just think they are a little over the top when it comes to bringing food inside the theater. Other than that...They are like any other movie theater i've been too.. Pretty clean...Bathrooms are fine...Customer service is A-OK..Except for the ridiculously long lines for food. Sometimes that gets obnoxious. Well, thats all!
5	Absolutely love this theatre big screens and i always get a good seat. their prices are reasonable and have amazingly nice and helpful staff!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this movie theater!  Giant screen, impressive seating, surround sound that truly puts you in the middle of the action... what more could you ask for?  (Oh yeah, dollar drinks and yummy popcorn!)I always make a point to see big-ticket movies at the Cine Capri.  This past week I saw Inception there.  What an amazing experience!  I'll definitely be coming back for more.
4	very nice theater. i love that they have the automated ticket machines so that you can avoid waiting in line at the box office. the seats are pretty comfy and it doesn't get ridiculously cold with the AC in the theater. can't wait to watch more movies here!
3	Comfortable seats, lots of leg room, very loud, terrible popcorn.
4	The only reason I can't give it 5 stars is there is still the IMAX.  Great theater though, I went for the first time to the Cine Capri today to see Social Network.  We caught the 10:25am, ( great idea)  There were maybe 10 people in there so we go the Dead Center Seats.I had not been to a Cine Capri - The picture is quite nice.  Overall the movie theater is nicely kept, bathrooms clean and friendly staff.
5	Love Tempe Marketplace, I prefer this Harkins over Cinemark. There's always nice people with great service and you're not waiting at concession for an oblivious worker to serve you and get in when your movie is starting like Cinemark. Also seems cheaper than Cinemark most days. Love the 3D they added! Love the seats, the food, the clean, everything. Can't beat it!
5	Okay. I think it's safe to say that the Cine Capri at Tempe Marketplace is the best screen to watch any movie. There's usually a couple dollar increase in the ticket price, but it's worth is if you want to enjoy the movie you are there to watch. This theater gets the most attention from staff as well so it's always clean. It's also the best place to watch a movie on opening night. Go see TRON at this theater December 16th.
4	This is a very middle of the action movie theater I would say and I am only giving it 4 stars is because they tend to go a little cheap on some of the snack bar items compared to the other Harkins I have been to in the valley. I love this movie theater and the seating is very nice compared to those other movie theaters out there, these seats give you the luxary to recline a little bit and for the most part they are not full during the day when I hit up a early movie and grab a $1 soda and cheap popcorn. I recommend Harkins to all my friends and fmaily in the valley and I can see everyone loving this moving theater so much.
5	Just have to update my review because I had some awesome customer service last night. I showed up early for my movie last night and got my ticket and went shopping durring which i some how lost my ticket. I talked to customer service and the lady there was super nice and looked up my purchase on my credit card and told the ticket checker to just let me in. I am sure they get plenty of people trying to pull a scam and get in like this so I was honestly surprised when i didn't have to pay for an extra ticket for my own mistake (which i was fully prepared to do). This was just unexpected and nice to see.
3	I have to say, Tempe Marketplace is one of my guilty pleasures. I like its odd, outdoor seating and the fires that flicker even during the summer months. I brought my four-year-old here the other day, and he enjoyed the craziness, too.The Harkins, though, isn't quite as idiosyncratic as Tempe Marketplace. It's clean and spacious, and the prices aren't any more outrageous than other theaters in the area. There are lots of movie choices, and the employees seem to be pretty amicable. I would have given it 4 stars, but I took 1 star away because of the armrests -- they can't be raised up. It's so much easier to have a four-year-old on your lap while watching Gnomeo and Juliet if you have two seats to share.And yes, to be fair and consistent, I will also give myself 3 stars, not 4, for going to see a movie like Gnomeo and Juliet. But listen, it's better than you think it is. Really. Especially if you like gnomes in crazy bathing suits. Which, um, I don't...I mean, I only went for my four-year-old. Really. Um...
3	This is the new hot-date theatre in Tempe and is very busy. The parking at Tempe Marketplace for anything in this area is somewhat difficult and you may have to drive around quite a bit to find a spot. New releases or weekend movies are going to be packed to the brim. I don't go to this theatre very often...only when this is the only place close playing the movie I want to see of offering a time I can go. Otherwise I'd rather go to Cinemark down the street. On the other hand, I like that Harkins offers loyalty cups where you can get a cup for the year (same price as a large drink) and bring it for $1 refills.
4	This theater is THE easiest and closest one to get to from my home.  I hate that I have to ride my bike through Tempe Marketplace, but given how easy it is for me to get from point A (my ass on the couch) to point B (my ass in a theater), I'll take three minutes of stressful bike riding, being concerned about the possibility of getting struck by a car.  I haven't been hit yet, so I have a feeling my luck will continue.  I just hate the way Tempe Marketplace is set up and everyone drives like a cock.The best part about Harkins in general, even though that dude owns the valley like some kind of 1930's gangster with an "honest businessman" facade, is the loyalty cups.  That shit is such a good idea.  Like a dollar to get a refill on my drink is awesome because going to the movies is pricey, dude.  I can't even imagine if I had kids, holy shit.The best part about this particular theater is the Cine Capri, they're big momba, bigass screen.  I like that every single time I'm there, they have the people come out and give their spiel, "This is the cine capri, one of the largest screens in all of Arizona, and we have 716 THOUSAND SPEAKERS.  If Johnny Depp coughs weird in this movie, it may trigger a speaker to make your head explode.  Enjoy the movie!"
4	I love this place.  Parking is ok, though many times you have to park really far away, but you can always find a place.  This Mall (Tempe Marketplace) has so much to do and so many places to eat and shop.  And Harkins has a soda cup.  Theatre is fairly new, seats and bathrooms are clean too.  Great place to go see a movie.
4	Meh, it's a normal theater.
5	This is definitely my movie theater of choice in the Tempe area. Clean, modern theater that's located in a fairly new shopping center with plenty of restaurants and popular stores nearby.
4	Great theater to watch flicks at. Just visited it twice this week to see Hangover II and Bridesmaid. Love how big the facility is and the all the great food selections. It's hard to believe that it now cost $40 to go to the movie and grab a couple of beverages and eats with a date!
4	I frequent this theater the most since it is the closest to home. It's big, clean, and there's plenty to do before and after watching a movie since it's located in Tempe Market Place. It does get quite crowded here during busy hours, but not any worse than a typical theater. This location also has a lot of late showings thanks to its close proximity to ASU. I like that all the auditoriums have stadium seating, and a pretty good sound system. The Cine Capri is a unique experience since the screen is huge and the sound system is massive, but I am not sure if it's really worth the extra dollar. My only real gripe with Harkins (and this applies to most of their locations) is that ticket prices are starting to not be worth their value. While the price itself is not anymore than other theaters, a lot of new theaters have opened in the area that have pure digital screens and sound systems, and they cost the same.
5	i wish we got out to see movies more often but with our new tv and netflix and recent addiction to entourage, we mostly watch movies at home. the movies are always fun. especially when the theater is not that full and you go for a matinee. otherwise, you're spending at least 20 bucks, more if you get food. sadly, matinees are now more expensive too. sign-o-the times...this theater has tons of options and we've never had to wait long in line. patrons tend to be cognizant of the limited talking and cell phone use.
4	one of my favorite theaters in the valley. great food options outside the theater!
4	This theatre is pretty solid, considering it's at a very popular shopping center and near ASU!Foodfare is solid, theatres are clean, and the select of movies is always bigger than other theatres. I've seen a decent number of limited releases here. Great place to go out with friends, family, or forever alone T_T
4	In the past my ADD has been known to prevent me from frequenting the movies, primarily because of the cramped, uncomfortable seating and mediocre screen and sound quality.   This is not the case at Tempe Market place. I'm not going to try to play it off like it's cured my ability to focus, but it does have reclining seats, more open seating and excellent screen and sound quality... essentially, making the movie more tolerable. The Cine Capri is the best way to see a movie, but get there early.  Sitting in the front row can get very nauseating! Also, if you haven't figured it out yet, the kiosks on both sides of the ticket counter are self-serve (Pay with credit card), use them!
2	Ugh, it's always so crowded and unless you show up an hour early be prepared to sit in the front row. The concession stands are over priced and not that good. I much prefer Ultra Star Cinemas on Indian Bend and the 101. So much better and more relaxing. Coming to this theater is always such a chore. I have to park out by the US Bank and hike in and it's a zoo. I'll gladly drive 15 minutes out of my way for a better more relaxing experience.
4	Okay, the deal with getting older, is that I'm not in love with the idea of being packed into a theater with tons of other people. I want room to spread out, to feel the sense of some sort of isolation from those around me except for seminal movie experiences like when the new Star Trek movie came out and being part of a packed house was a reminder of my earlier years of movie going. However, these days, give me a first or second showing on a Sunday morning. The younger crowd is still sleeping in and the Godly are in their sanctuary of choice so that my fellow agnostic heathens can worship in the alter of cinema, with a wide expanse of theater territory between us. I find Harkins at Tempe marketplace to be an excellent theater. Every house has stadium seating and the sound systems are excellent. I also understand that Harkins is converting or has converted all of its projection to digital, which seems to enhance both the quality of the picture and the crispness of the surround sound though it is sad to think that, in the words of Paul Simon, they took my Kodachrome away.I generally go to that early movie and then head over to D'Arcy McGee's for a brew and lunch and then, if needed, I do any shopping I've been holding off on mall related shopping I need to complete. For example, today, after lunch, I hit Best Buy for some guitar picks, Men's Warehouse to pick up some new dress shirts with my $50 gift certificate and then the running story to pick up new running shoes...so going to a movie here, if you plan it right, can accomplish multiple objectives. :-)
4	Being down the street from my house I can't even count the number of times I've been to this theater. It's a solid, clean theater with big restrooms and the huge Cine Capri. We've had nothing but pleasant experiences here. Bright screens, booming audio and comfy seats. Five stars for all of the awesomeness, minus 1 star for the standard, ridiculous snack prices.
3	I'm a fan of Harkins. They work hard, they have great services and almost reasonable prices.Galaxies better than AMC. This theatre is great because its attached to the Tempe Marketplace, so I see what the times are, buy my tickets, and then shop around for a little. Plus Tempe Marketplace is so pretty at night:)
4	They have all the new big titles, and they have a cine capri which is great when its showing the movie you want to see (its an extra large movie screen).  The place is clean and the seats are comfortable.  They dont have a 3d screen here or imax, but its a good theater.
4	Just saw Hugo in 3D, thanks giving day, it was not crowded, as I have learned by going on off movie days- and the movie was 5 stars.Popcorn is the best and they have buttered flavored salt!Prices are same as other theaters, however the chairs rock, I mean they really do and comfy!Always clean and neat- and the staff is very sharp. Life needs  movies...
4	This is a nice theater.  Seats are comfortable, sound is reasonably good.But they do have their front row too close to the screen.  They should take out the first two rows, at least.  Maybe three.Ticket prices are silly ($9.50?  really??).  But if you have a coupon, pass, student ID, or matinee, it's manageable.Concessions are similarly expensive.  As with all theaters.  But they do offer different flavorings for popcorn.  That's nice.  We seemed to gravitate to the "kettle corn" flavor.  Their yearly refill cup is worth it if you visit several times a year (they refill for $1 all year).
5	Always clean always friendly. Q
5	Harkins are the only movie theatres I go to!
5	I love this movie theatere! Its always clean, the staff is nice and the atmosphere surrounding it just makes you wanna hang out. This is always my choice when I want to see a movie:)
4	My favorite local theater to hang out at.  Buy the cup and t-shirt and you save on soda and popcorn and the shirt pays for itself if you see movies like we do.  We are here almost every week.
5	My boyfriend and I go to this theater all the time! I've even taken my son here on numerous occasions and am ALWAYS satisfied! Even if people talk during the movie, you can say something to the attendant at the front (if they haven't offered it already) and they will give you free tickets for next time. Very satisfied! :)
5	I really like this movie theatre - it's in a great location inside of Tempe Marketplace, it's nice and clean, and they have a good number of movies playing at once.  The Harkins loyalty cup is great too, buy it once for $5 or so and get unlimited $1 refills for an entire year.  Great marketing tool and I love that you can bring a reusable cup.
5	Great screen with great sound.  Love the fact the place is always clean.
5	I will never set foot in another theatre again!The sound.... blew my mind!  The theatre is super open and fantastic.Saw MIB III.   SUPER!
5	I love this theatre, the only thing is....parking is soooo hard to find. If you plan on seeing a movie for a premiere night, get there early! Otherwise, all the staff is super sweet and its a great movie-going experience.
5	Favorite theatre by far. I love the feel of the location and even enjoy the walk to the theatre by the fountain and fireplace. As for the theatre, great as well. One of my favorites is their Summer Movie Fun program that allows me to take my kids once a week to watch a film. All shows have been family friendly and best of all my kids love them. It is very cheap (around $1 a movie) and a great way out of the heat for a couple of hours!Plus they have multiple flavors of that popcorn seasoning that is just to die for !(:
3	As far as regular movie theaters go, I suppose this location is fine. It's in Tempe Marketplace so whatever movie you seen there will be kids/teens that may not let you watch your $10 movie in peace. The weekends are ridiculous and finding a parking spot alone is enough reason to go to Redbox instead of the theater. However, if you can brave the crowds and don't mind the noise that will inevitably follow you in your film, you'll find a well kept, clean and nicely run theater.
3	We've been here quite a few times for movies.  I'm a fan of buying at the ticket kiosks so it helps that they all work.  This place has the big screens which is nice for movies that have a lot of special effects.
5	Harkins Theaters are the best mega plexes in the West bar none.  I haven't seen movies on the east coast but when compared to NV, NM, CA, UT, OR, and WA, there is no comparison.  First, their theaters are always clean and fresh looking.  Tickets are reasonably priced.  There are always plenty of movies times.  And my favorite, the concession deals.  Buy the souvenir cup and T-shirt for savings year round.  This is seriously the best deal in any entertainment venue.  Free medium popcorn and a drink refill for $1.  I always upgrade my popcorn for $1.50 to a X-Large.  No other place in the country can touch this value.  This particular location has the Cine Capri which is a replica of the old original in Phoenix.  I grew up watching blockbusters there and go here every time I'm back in the Metro Area for a great flick and some nostalgia.  Hit up Harkins anytime and if you're not enjoying your experience, customer service is top notch and will resolve any issues.  Great job Dan Harkins!  Bring some theaters to Las Vegas!
4	The funniest part of this location is not the theater itself, but the clients.  The way some parents let their daughters out of the house these days is a show all by itself, and I am pretty sure it is at least R-Rated.  Then again, many of the parents were not much better.Oh yeah, the movie theater is good.  : )  Harkins are never bad.
4	This is a very nice basic movie theater.  The staff does a good job of keeping ticket and concession lines moving as well as keeping the place tidy.
3	Just regular run of the mill theater.  The guy at the front wouldn't let me in with my chocolate shake from Cold Stone.  Some rules are just retarded.  So basically I have to stand there and finish it before I could go in.  Like that is going to matter in any way, shape or form, as if finishing it out there in 5 minutes sooner would affect my purchasing potential, of which I bought nothing, and had no plans on it.
4	The Tempe Marketplace Cine Capri is supposed to be a rendition of the historical one opened in the 1960's.I've enjoyed the movies I've watched in the specific screen designated as Cine Capri.  It is a spacious screen with a lot of seating.All of the seats are not necessarily a bad view; although I have not been seated in the very front rows, otherwise that opinion might change!The concessions here move surprisingly quick.  There have been times when I get into the queue with a ton of people and have my food/beverages within 5 minutes and then off to the show.Some of the men's restrooms could have better working towel dispensers because I always have intermittent success with them.
4	It's cold like always in theater.
3	clean and nice
4	One of a chain of great movie theaters.  * Clean * Good customer service * Variety of films * Great location *  Easy to find . . . and *  Lots of parking.  What more could you ask for a great Friday night date?
5	Classy theater, friendly staff, clean, and the room / speakers sound good. Saw the Intouchables. One of the few times I noticed and liked a movie theater.
5	Love this theater. Plan on getting there a little earlier, as sometimes parking can be tricky. Purchase a refill cup once a year, and get $1.50 refills all year long. Also when the lines are long to get tickets, step up to the little machines and do your own thing, it's fast and painless.Keep up the good work Harkins. I am loyal to you thanks to your clean theaters and refill cups and popcorn. It's considerate and appreciated.
5	Love to watch movies and I love this theatre.  They have tons of options all of the time and really large theatres which makes it nice.  Always clean and lots of variety.
5	Have missed having a Cine Capri around throughout my adolescent years because I did see a few movies at the original Cine Capri in Biltmore area in the 1990s as a wee kid. I have probably only seen about 10 movies or so at this theatre but it is always a great experiences. The best seats probably have to be on the row just below the walkway in the middle. Right there because one can see the whole screen without other seats getting in the way.
4	I generally prefer to go to this theater over the Fashion Square one because it has more screens/better times, is nicer, and I don't have to deal with the Scottsdale Fashion Square-ness of having to park, walk through the mall, ect. It is a little farther away, but well worth it whenever I'm in the mood for a cinematic adventure.
4	A bit more pricier than some theaters but probably worth the money. Clean place with a clean and safe mall.  Nice seating. Don't really see the big attraction with the cine capri theater vs the other ones but if bigger screens are for you than knock yourself out.  Save some money and buy tickets at costco.
5	Loyalty...It means a lot. I am loyal to homegrown Harkins! Many forget that Harkins was started here in Arizona and for many years fought hard against the competitors to make it to where they are at. This Cine Capri location might be the nicest one built yet, and is well maintained by fast and effective staff.~What to do?~See movies, lots and lots of movies. You also will see from time to time special events held here.~The Good~The way Harkins pays attention to the customer is unparalleled in the movie industry. The drink and shirt deals is an extra incentive to have us come to the movies more, thus helping both the movie house and the customer. The popcorn dust stand isn't offered in AMC theaters...too bad for them. The staff at this location are very fast, and take care of you quickly to get your butt in a seat. The CIne Capri is huge, the seats are comfy and there is not a bad seat in the house, aside from the front rows. This location is kept very clean, the cleaning crews are quick to act as movies end. The bathrooms are also fairly clean, and there are enough that overcrowding isn't a big issue. Also, this location is perfect, right at Tempe Marketplace. The mall would not be the same without this awesome theater here. Plus there are so many screens here that they offer many start times, which allows you to pick and choose times wisely.~The Bad~With most theaters there is the issue with overcrowding when a new movie comes out. Many people target this spot for new releases, so its wise to get there early to see the new flick you want to see. They may have a lot of screens and the Cine Capri, but it still has issues with getting sold out quickly for new movies, just heed that warning. There are also a lot of kids who go out to this theater, so at times the crowd will be noisier than other locations due to the amount of children in the audience....except if its an R rated show haha. Its nowhere near as bad as Arizona Mills' crowds, just to make a point of reference~Extra's/Rating~Its always fun to walk around before or after your movie, its an awesome environment at Tempe Marketplace. This theater is the best in town and gets 5 stars for the large variety of show times coupled with the atmosphere of Tempe Marketplace itself and the strong service of the employees and management team at Harkins. Never have had a bad experience, and not expecting one anytime soon!
4	Brought a groups of my kid's friends here for a birthday party.  It's in a good location for such an occasion, as we had lunch and played some games at Dave & Buster's beforehand.The theater is clean and nice.  A large number of screens.  Probably one of the better choices for mall-located movie theaters compared to say Arizona Mills Mall or Chandler Fashion Center.
1	So I went to the movies today.  I'm a popcorn freak.  I can generally get through a big bag before the previews are over and then get a reload before the movie starts.  (I know what you're thinking...holy crap...two large bags of popcorn over a two hour movie...how clogged are your arteries???)Don't worry..confined myself to one bag today...but I did get my refill on the way out.  And that's where the problem started.So I'm standing at the counter waiting for the kid to get my popcorn (as an aside, its clear they don't get paid by the bag of popcorn they sell...as slow as they move they'd end up starving to death if they got paid by the bag).Any way, I'm standing there and I'm looking over the counter and the floor the entire length of the snack bar area is covered in popcorn.  I mean I'm not talking about little spills here and there...noooooooo...I'm talking the popcorn is ankle deep in some places.  Do you not own a BROOM???  What the heck is going on here?Now here's where it gets even weirder.  A manger walks by and starts to bitch out one of the snack dudes because he left a pop corn scooper in the pop corn.  REALLY!!!!????!!!!   That's the only thing you see wrong here.  You don't see the FLIPPING POP CORN ON THE FLOOR THAT'S ALMOST ANKLE DEEP IN EVERY DIRECTION YOU LOOK????!!!!  HOW ABOUT YOU STOP BUSTING THE KID'S STONES OVER LEAVING THE POP CORN SCOOPER IN THE POP CORN.  HOW ABOUT YOU PICK UP A BROOM AND CLEAN THE FLOOR?????!!!!I've seen a lot of dumb things in my life but seriously folks...this is way towards the top of the list.  Now I remember why I don't want to lead, manager or supervise anyone any more.  I'm afraid I would have choked someone out over this episode.But the movie was good.
4	We have been here twice in two days.  Its a pretty nice theater.  Chairs are pretty comfy and you cannot beat the price.  During the day, movies are $7.00.  This is the weekend too so they may cost less during the week.  All the workers we encountered were friendly.  The popcorn was solid and that's about it.  A good theater!
5	I think Harkins are the best movie theaters in town and this is my favorite one to go too. It is kind of close to home and I really like Tempe Marketplace. Plus it never seems super busy. Especially if you come at the right time.The place is always nice and clean. The floors aren't sticky and they actually clean their bathrooms. The staff is always friendly. Even the concession stand moves along.I think the popcorn t-shirt and loyalty cup are a great idea and more than pay for themselves. Yes I actually wear the shirt when I go to the movies. Sure some people just carry it or don't even unwrap it but I like to show my support. Plus you are bribing me with free popcorn so I'll do just about anything for you.They get extra points for serving Coke Zero and for selling Peanut Butter M & Ms.I will continue my ritual of coming on Saturday mornings to see the latest movies if they look good. Getting my popcorn, Coke Zero and maybe some Red Vines once in awhile. I have seen a lot of movies here. I have been to a few of the other theaters in town and they just don't compare to Harkins.I will keep coming back to see a lot more movies here and whenever friends want to go to the movies I say let's go to Tempe Marketplace.
3	HUGE MOVIE SCREEN.That's what you get for paying extra for the Cine Capri. You get what you paid for.On a side note, I noticed that I eat the popcorn before the movie and not during the movie.
4	It's a great theater!'s loyalty cups makes it worth buying drinks. Can't say I enjoy the price for popcorn and candy though.....
5	Always a fan of Harkins Theaters.  This one I like mainly because of the location.
4	I like this theater becuase it is in tempe market place. It allows us to do more then just a movie without driving to another area. I also love the cine capri. Its a huge theater that makes it seem like you are at a fancy cinamatic adventure.
4	This is a great theater and the Cine Capri is really great. The service is friendly and the popcorn is good. If your a loyal Harkins movie goer you gotta get the souvenir cup and shirt. It's just a great bargain.The only problem with this theater is it's extremely popular and the movies sell out fast, even with the Cine Capri. Just plan ahead and show up early and you'll be fine.
4	I have been here twice and had great experiences both times. I just saw World War Z in the Cine Capri and it was AMAZING. Huge screen, great sound and comfy seats. Also, they keep a manager in there to keep the idiots in check, WHICH I LOVE!
4	dolby atmos is awesome, saw star trek 2 in the capri
4	Watched a movie on the large Cine Capri screen and it was great visuals and sound. The other auditoriums looked pretty small however and I probably wouldn't have enjoyed them as much.  Plus a star for $7 student tickets (cheaper than Costco's $8) every day unlike AMC, which only allows student tix one day a week.
3	I like the Cine Capri!  I don't mind paying extra once in a while but don't make practice of it.  The sound is good,  the picture is good, theseating is plentiful.  I guess that's all that matters.I only rate it a 3 star because I could take it or leave it.
1	This location randomly selects customers to do bag searches on. It isn't posted anywhere or even on their website but they do tell you before your aloud to enter the lobby. Also they have an old man who has no life so e spends all day looking for ways to screw with customers. He won't let you in if your show isn't starting within a 5 minute period of buying your ticket.
4	One of my fab theaters make sure to get the cup and shirt to save some money if you go to the movies regularly
4	Just saw Incidious 2 at the Harkins Cine Capri at Tempe Marketplace.  Sound system was so nice- Dolby Atmos.  Theater was clean.  Great managers- when the sound cut out, they fixed it pronto after my son notified them.  When a bunch of noisy kids would not quiet down, the manager came in to settle them down.  After the movie, they gave us a return pass due to the sound system malfunction.  Very nice gesture to keep the customer happy.  I love Harkins and try to use them exclusively.  We usually go to Harkins North Valley, also a nice theater and well run.  Good job Harkins!
5	Never had a problem at this theater. Finally got to experience the cine Capri - the largest movie screen in Arizona, a whopping 70 feet of movie project, and the state of the art Dolby Atmos audio system. Pretty amazing stuff. For any popular movies, there's an orderly fashion of getting people in without having to throw any elbows to get a decent seat. Good place, good times. No complaints. --keep eatin'
5	Dolby Atmos!! In all reality this is a typical movie theatre like all the other Harkins in the valley. However, there is one thing that separates this theatre from all the other theaters. Not only does this one have a Cine Capri, but it is a Cine Capri with Dolby Atmos. If you aren't familiar with Dolby Atmos and how it enhances a movie, then I suggest you allow yourself a true audio experience.
5	Love this theater and have been here three times now for movies; the most recent being "Thor: The Dark World" with my friend. Fast service at the box office, pretty good service at the concession stand, although my friend wondered why it took so long to make her pizza, and easy seat selection made for a fun experience. Our movie was great as well and afterward, the Harkins Crew thanked us for coming to see the movie. I will continue to see movies here, as the service is pretty good and the place is always clean and free of trash. Also, I like their Loyalty Cup program: you buy their cup and you can get drinks in it for $1.50. It's good for a year then you buy their new cup for the following year. They also have a t-shirt program too.
5	On Saturday, I showed up here to watch The Hobbit with a friend.  When we went to the concession area, Dennis was the cashier.  Dennis has such excellent customer service, he treated us like royalty.  Do I look like a queen, because I certainly felt like one.  :-D.  He didn't make us feel stressed out and rushed as I sometimes feel while trying to order.  My entire movie experience was excellent.  Thank you Dennis, and thank you Harkins.  :-)
5	I really like this theater. I live closer to other theaters but when I don't want to splurge on the comforts of the esplanade, I head here because the seats are very comfortable and they offer a larger variety of movie times. When I need a break from the family, I love taking advantage of their am showings. There's never a crowd around 9am and I can enjoy my movie in peace. I also like taking advantage of their am showings when I decide to take my family with me. My son naps midafternoon so a 9am showing is perfect for us! Plus at that time no one is really hungry so we can save money by not buying snacks. Overall a great theater!
5	Always a loyal Harkins fan here. Good prices, student discounts, nice seating, good customer service and lots of movie options.
5	This Harkins is fun. Parking can be tough unless you go for a morning movie... Highly recommend that.  The popcorn here is wonderful and I love $1.50 loyalty cup refills! That might be the best part.
3	This theatre is pretty nice, the cine Capri is huge and has great sound. The ticket pricing is ridiculous! For my wife, son and I was almost 30$!! Crazy
3	The theaters are sliced too small at this multiplex. It looks big from the outside, but once inside, the seats in each theatre were very minimal. I still also don't agree or see the need for some dude who works there to walk the aisles while the movie is in progress at the beginning. Soon, they are going to have someone standing there all throughout the movie. maybe, I'm just pissed that "Bad words" was one of the worst movies known to man.
4	TEMPE, AZ: Excellent Theater; this was a lot of fun to visit.  A few notes:1. Not reserved seating, so arrive early2. The theaters are huge, and the sound is great3. The food is just usual theater food, nothing fancy4. I would rate the "mall rat" level at moderate5. $9.50 standard ticket
4	I pretty much always go to a Harkins (and it's usually it's this one) when I go to the movies. They're all comfortable, clean, and I like the whole discount cup deal for drinks & the popcorn shirt offer (as long as I'm not the one who has to wear that silly thing).This location is big. There are several options for movies/movie times, and for the most part the lines to buy tickets & at the concessions stand move quickly (although there has been a few times when I'm here they've let the concession stands really get backed up before getting additional help). At the end of the day I really don't see where this location stands out compared to other Harkins w/several screens (of course this location DOES the large Cine Capri screen for whatever the "big" movie is a that time, so I guess there's that). However, that's a good thing since IMO since Harkins usually provides a consistently good movie experience.
5	The Cine Capri is fantastic - not to mention HUGE!! It's a must see for sure. I'm a huge fan of harkins. Their prices are fair and their loyalty program (cup & tshirt) make it do - able to go to the movies even on a budget.
1	We attempted to go to a screening at this theater last night.  It was an absolute mess.  When we arrived, 45 minutes before the show time, we were placed into a line outside the theater that had about 10 people ahead of us.  We were told this was the overflow line, that we would get in only if some of the people with tickets did not show up.  We were told that other people with screening passes had exchanged their passes earlier in the day for actual tickets, and only if some of those people did not show up would we get in.  Later we were told that everyone with tickets was already inside.  About 6:30 p.m. (30 minutes before show time) were we told it would be another 10-15 minutes before we would know if any of us were getting in -- the line outside was capped at 15, but 18 were in the line.  A manager came out and said there are people who come to the free screenings every week and who know how the system works at different theaters and so they know how to get in.  Finally, at 7 p.m., a manager came out and said there was not a single seat open.  I asked the girl running the line, "If every seat was taken, and all the people with tickets have been inside since you said, how did you not know half an hour ago that there were no open seats?"  And she says, "We were still waiting for people to show up."  Nothing they said made any sense, and everything they said was contradictory to something else they said.  There was no reason for us to stand out there in line for 45 minutes.  They should have just told us when we arrived that it was already full, if it was in fact full.  Who knows what actually happened.  But I will never go there for anything ever again.
4	I went to go see The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Great movie. This Harkins is probably one of the nicest ones that is in Arizona. It has the Cine Capri which is cool too. All the food/snacks are expensive, but that is always a given with movie theaters, If I had to choose a Harkins to go to though, it would be this one because there are other restaurants and bars nearby if you are waiting on your movie.
1	So I went to the movies today (again) and caught the first show (10:40 am).  And again, there was popcorn all over the floor at the snack stand.  WTF??  How can your floor be that dirty and you just opened??
5	I drive from central phoenix passing other theaters just to come to this one.  Enough said :-)
4	Can't complain, great place for an early movie ... then catch a bite at one of the many local eateries.
5	The huge Cine Capri screen is an experience.  For the summer thrillers season there is no better place to go for your popcorn, soda and movie.  Currently the Cine Capri screen is one of only two in AZ that have the new Dolby Atmos sound system.  The combination of the huge screen, great sound and the extra showmanship make this the best silver screen experience in Phoenix!
4	How have I not reviewed this already? i LOVE the Cine Capri.... much to my boyfriend's dismay.  ;)  He likes the big reclining seats (who doesn't?) of the AMC Esplanade, but for me nothing beats the fair price of that GIANT screen (the BIGGEST in AZ, don'tcha know) and the amazing Dolby sound of the Cine Capri.  The theater seats over 600 people, and the only seats I prefer to avoid are the first 4 rows if I don't want a neck ache.  Let's not forget that you can buy a souvenir cup and get soda refills allll year for $1.50, and free medium popcorn allll year with a $25 t-shirt purchase.  They have a nice expanded concession stand out front and great people behind the counters.  The place is almost always hoppin, so you'll want to get to the theater a solid 20 minutes before your show, especially on an opening weekend.  Economical, clean, friendly and a big ol screen with great sound.  Two thumbs up!
5	Great theater, this place in particular is the best location in my opinion. No screaming kids, clean, and the ppl are respectful when the movie starts.
4	I've been here twice now.  First to see Lucy on the Capri screen, and last night we saw The Expendables 3.  Lucy was shown in a very large auditorium, whereas last night's theatre was much smaller, undoubtedly as per the demand (or lack thereof).  Both auditoriums were clean, and had comfy, rocker seats. Awesome Dolby sound system. The temperature was ok. There was a tad bit of a chill, but I get cold easily, so I always bring a jacket.  On this last trip, I visited the concession stand for the first time.  They have a nice assortment of vegan-friendly snacks: popcorn (it's made with popcorn seed, salt, & canola oil; the yellow buttery flavor comes from soybean oil with beta carotene. Contains corn gluten, but not wheat gluten.), Red Vines, Sour Patch Straws, and hot or kosher dill pickles. They had french fries & churros, but I don't know if they use separate fryers for these items. (I'll update once I obtain an answer regarding this.)I opted for the popcorn (which was yummy as is; I didn't need to add salt) & a wild cherry Icee, which was perfect in consistency (not too thin or liquidly).I'm new to the Harkins theatre experience (no Harkins in my hometown), so I'm trying to get used to the workers who march up & down each main aisle during the movie. It was particularly very distracting in the smaller auditorium last night.Overall, nice theatre. Nice employees.I wish they had a loyalty program that allowed you to earn free movies & snacks.
5	Excellent theatre...huge screens, great sound...and the $1.50 loyalty cup is an amazing deal!  Highly recommend!!
5	I love coming to Tempe market on the weekends. After the movie I go to my favorite place for sushi, Kabuki! doesn't get any better than that! :-)
4	Seeing moving pictures is fun and relaxing, hence I never miss to see movies whenever I got spare time out of my busy agenda. I invite also my friends with me. I love here at Harkin because the place is clean compared to others. The sound is also a big thing to consider! Keep it up guys!
5	A friend and I visited this theatre the other day and the movie we intended on seeing was no longer showing. It was cancelled because another movie was doing so well. I was surprised when they told me and my friend to come inside for free passes! The staff was extremely friendly and apologized several times for the movie being cancelled. I was very impressed with the customer service and will drive out of my way to come to this location again!
5	How do you improve upon the already top-notch Harkins experience? Make it bigger! Big screen, comfy seats and not a bad seat in the house draw me to the Cine Capri when I'm looking for a cinematic "experience."
1	Just left this theatre very very upset!!! Worst customer service EVER!!! we came in to see The Book Of Life!! It was the smallest room I was so disappointed (it is a popular movie why wouldn't they play it in a bigger room really?) I couldn't believe it!!! We had no choice but to sit in the front there was no possible way to enjoy the movie. We got up walked to customer service demanded a refund the lady there was horrible never acknowledge me never apologize NOTHING!!! but was joking around with her colleagues while I was there in front of her upset. I AM NEVER COMING BACK. Customer service it's crucial it can have a very great or very bad impact I can't believe the lack of customer service I received. We came to Cinemark at the Riverview location wow so much better not to mention the comfortable seats OH YEAH same price too!!! I feel a lot better and their service was amazing!!!!
4	Always a good place to go see movies. Facility is clean and people are always willing to help.
5	Best locations everything around you! From restaurants to shopping! Can't beat that! And my favorite sushi place is here, I'm a regular at Kabuki!!!
4	If you've been to one Harkins you've been to them all and that's in no way a bad thing. I love a Harkins and while this one can get a little nuts on the weekend, it's closest to my house and has the big ass theater otherwise known as the Cine Capri. Cine Capri brings the fancy with it's curtain that draws back at the beginning of a movie and it's offensively enormous screen that is perfect for watching well, everything.This location has the newest releases and lots of theaters so unless you're running in at the last minute you'll almost never have a problem with a movie being sold out.The staff here is, on average, nicer than staff at 95% of businesses you will visit in your lifetime. What I like most about the customer service is that the staff waiting to clean out the theater at the end of the movie politely waits outside and says goodbye and thanks for coming as you're leaving. It's a small gesture, but it's nice!I think what makes Harkins a cut above the rest is their loyalty program. Buy a cup for $5 and you can get a drink for $1.50 every single visit. If you go to the movies a lot and like to fill yourself with Cherry Coke (they have it!) while staring into Bradley Cooper's eyes on a giant screen, then this cup is a savings. Buy a shirt for $10 and you get a free upgrade on a small popcorn every single time. Again, if you go to the movies a lot, the shirt pays for itself very quickly.Harkins all the way for many reasons, but #1 reason you should pick this Harkins say over the Cinemark down the street is because it's a local operation which in itself probably explains the excellence of its ammenities and customer service.
