4	For those of you who have been to Nakato before you know that it is separated into two rooms, the sushi bar and the grill room where the chefs cook the food for you.  My experience here has only been in the sushi bar, and it was a pretty good one.  The sushi itself was very good, fresh and really big.  It was a mouthful to eat a whole piece.  Plus I'm beginning to think it's kind of hard to mess up spider rolls, but then again I may just be spoiled.  Then there was the udon soup.  It was really good, but not any better or worse than other udon I've had.  I was kind of impresses that they had one of my friend's favorite foods, inari, that came with the soup.
4	Quick! Slice it up, dice it, throw it in the air, and juggle that food!  Light it on fire, put it out!  Alright calm down and relax, cherish your shrimp sauce, hell let your food take a bath in it.  Now throw back some saki and order another course.  Nakatos is an exciting food experience, I love coming here on my birthday or when I come across a nice stack of cash.  The wait staff is so accommodating and friendly, they enjoy their work-and you can tell.  Sometimes I was seated across from complete strangers, but it wasn't awkward or uncomfortable at all; everyone is so happy to be here.  You will be too.
4	We went to Nakato for our office holiday party luncheon.  I was first surprised by the grand entrance and then by the incredibly high ceilings and the vast amount of seating.  This place can accommodate a lot of people and not make you feel claustrophobic.  It also felt cleaner than the other Japanese steakhouse in the University area (read: Kabuto).  It probably helped that it didn't have that strip mall feeling, too.Nakato offers sushi and other appetizers, but c'mon, who are they kidding?  People come to a Japanese steakhouse for the hibachi dinners and to be entertained while it's cooking.  Of course, the salad with ginger dressing that is served beforehand always tastes so much better than when you buy ginger dressing and pour it on your own salad at home.  Why is that?The entertainment and ensuing food was good, as expected.  Nothing out of the ordinary; you know what you're getting into when you go to a Japanese steakhouse and we weren't disappointed.  I do recommend Nakato more than Kabuto, though.  The ambiance is better and the place feels a bit cleaner.
5	This is the best Japanese steakhouse I've ever been to in a long time. The food is outstanding, the wait staff is friendly and accommodating, and the seating doesn't make you feel like you have to rub elbows with your neighbor. The place is divided into 2 sections. The hibachi grills and the sushi bar. You have a choice of sitting in chairs at the hibachi grills or going into 1 of their rooms where you have to take your shoes off and sit down on the floor (they provide pillows). I haven't had the chance to sit on the floor yet, so I won't include that in my review.You make your selections off the menu and have some time to sit and chat with other people at the table. Their iced tea is always perfect (whether you get sweet or not), and your glass is always full. The 1st items to come out are the ginger salad and soup. I normally pass on the soup, but I love their ginger salad. It's not over powering with ginger like most dressings that are in this category.Next comes the appetizers and sushi. I would recommend the calamari steaks (but don't take left overs home, they don't save well) and for the sushi, try the one that has "Pacific or Pacifica" in the name (sorry, I can't remember what it's called). Every time my husband and I have their sushi, it's always fresh and tastes wonderful. The entertainment begins when the chef comes out to cook your meal. I like how they confirm your order and they pay special attention to any modifications that you've made to your order. This part is great for kids. They cut the tails off of the shrimp and throw them in their hat, light an onion stack on fire and make a train noise with the spatula, and they do an egg roll before throwing it in the air and breaking it in half on the spatula! The meal portions are reasonable and get extra shrimp sauce (it's the pink stuff)! Of course, everything is nice and hot when it hits your plate and fresh because it's cooked right there in front of you. On my first trip there, I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't hot from the grill (yes, I've been to some places where I was sweating when the cooking was finished).If you have a birthday, this is a great place to go! You get your meal like always and they give you a cake (that is so sweet, your teeth will rot with 1 bite), they sing to you in Japanese, and you get your picture taken and it is framed (a paper frame, but hey it's still cool lookin).I can keep going on and on about how great this place is. I will keep going back until they close! I do have to point out, if you're not careful, the bill can get a bit high if you keep adding all the goodies they offer. If you want a good comparison, go to Kabuto's and then Nakato's and you'll see a huge difference.
4	This place is really nice and the staff were all very friendly.  We stuck to the sushi bar side and everything looked and tasted very fresh.  While I stuck to my regular standards, they had a very good selection.  I really liked this place and expect to return whenever I am in town for business.
5	Great great great!  That's how I would describe my experience at Nakato.  The service was great, my fellow vegan yelper was told all about menu choices by are waitress, something you don't often get at a restaurant.  The drinks (Mai Tai's) were delish and very strong at that!  What made the dinner though, aside from the great company, was the food itself.  The soups and salads were amazing, the chef was fun and efficient.  I had the shrimp and chicken hibachi combo - and I honestly had no complaints...you get fried rice, a salad, soup, noodles, and the shrimp and chicken - it was sooo much food!  The sauces they provide are tasty with free refills, and the chef was on top of it the whole night.  If you are in the university area and are looking for a really nice Japanese hibachi grill, Nakato is definitely worth a trip, I certainly will be back!
5	Domo Aragato for Nakato!!!!Yum is all I can say!!  Walking in to a grand foyer to be greeted by friendly hostess' and a minimal wait for the hibachi!  SO we mosied on over to the bar and made the decision to hit the mai tai!  Something fantastical about that drink!  LOL...  Once we made it to the hibachi grill the waitress took our order,being vegan I asked if they would be able to avoid the egg in the rice, once I said that she immediately offered all suggestions for me to eat!  I was shocked at the offering, usually not a normal approach from the wait staff!!  The MISO soup was by far the most flavorful that I've ever had!  It was flavor explosion in my mouf! (that's right... I called it a mouf)...  The vegetables with tofu were phenomenal as well and the pricing was moderate, moderate high, but for two full meals and a round of drinks for half the gaggle (two people) it was right on key... about 50 bucks or so!  Take your friends here if you wanna impress them with one of Charlotte's finest!  hands down 5 stars!  Can I throw in a comet!  Cuz this place is outta dis world!  :))
4	Well, it's a good thing I wore a flowy dress and an adjustable slide belt to dinner at Nakato. Not only did my belt "adjust" on its own, but hubs and I took home a combined box of leftovers that fed us for a few meals afterwards, too!I was craving hibachi like crazy, so we drove on up to the University area to score some tasty Japanese grill cookin'. Nakato is a pretty standard looking Japanese hibachi grill but also expect super high ceilings in the foyer/bar area and expansive rooms with the traditional grills. Both our server and our chef were very friendly but no overly so. Hubs and I still had enough quiet time to chat or just watch our chef flip and twist the shrimp & rice in peace. So, where does Nakato really shine? Through the boatload of food that they dole out. It's almost ridiculous. My shrimp & chicken hibachi combo ($18.25) came with: Nakato onion soup, salad with ginger dressing, shrimp appetizer (literally two chopped up shrimp), a bowl full of rice (I paid $1.75 for the Hibachi fried rice), a hearty helping of noodles, grilled vegetables, shrimp and chicken. ZOMG. All of the food was truly tasty, especially when you added a bit of the "yummy" sauce that the chef provided. It.Was.So.Much.Food. I think my favorite was the shrimp, veggies and noodles. Nom. My only mini gripe about Nakato is the flavor - I would have liked to have a little more heat or spice in my meal, but otherwise it was exactly what I was looking for. Next time I'm craving 100 pounds of food and some mild entertainment, I'll come back to this Nakato in a heartbeat!
4	Should have put the elastic band in the jeans before coming to Nakato...good lord! Located only 15 minutes from Uptown in the University area. Wife had a hibachi craving, and fellas, we all know how that goes...best to say, yes dear and ask where, and the "when" is immediately. Not going to lie, I'm glad it was hibachi and not ice cream :). You walk into Nakato and are greeted immediately. We made a reservation so we checked in and got a buzzer. Only strange thing was the 2 story lounge/bar area and the TV's in odd locations. No worries, just grabbed a spot on a couch while we waited. Only 2-3 minutes. Upon being sat, our waitress came by right away and she was very nice. I can tell they take their service commitment to heart. The menu is extensive with hibachi offerings. They also have sushi, so if you want that make sure to ask for that menu too. Went with the "Nakato Delight" which came with shrimp, chicken & NY steak for $23.95. Most of the entrees (combo) are around $20. For extra items or premium like filet or lobster expect and extra $5 or so. Also went with the fried rice which was $1.75...kind of annoying, but no big deal, as I like egg in my rice. Came with onion soup, salad w/ginger, shrimp app (small), noodles & veggies (surprised variety!), rice and of course the meat. I was doing fine on my "timing" until the the noodles & veggies came. Soup and salad...gone, no problem. Then a FULL plate of noodles/veggies...as I'm eating, I see the rice start an say oh "SH&T" and start to eat faster while my wife watches and is content letting her plate rise with goodness and not concerned about "timing". Little did I see/know as I finished shoveling the noodles/veggies that the rice had their own separate bowl and did not need a place on my plate...ha...oh well, there was room if needed now! Overall a great experience and for $20-$25/person average, so much food...can you say leftovers! As we got up to left I said to the table "nice shoveling with all of you". Not far from the truth...ha! So good!
3	Good average Japanese steakhouse for hibachi but this isn't Benihana...at all.I went to this location after seeing all of the reviews on yelp, which were mostly positive but I saw a few things wrong.The hosted greeted me and my date immediately, and got us seated quickly since it was a Monday night and virtually empty except for the hibachi area, which was what I came for.Seating is wierd here, they had half empty hibachi tables but insisted on putting me and my date at an empty table. Part of the hibachi experience is the show, which is usually better when their are more than two people at a table of eight!!! People trailed in the door but only a group of three were sat at our table and at the other end...what?The food made up the bad seating, I had the Nakato Delight, and chose the NY strip instead of the filet. It was great....steak was cooked perfectly, shrimp not overdone and the chicken was tasty. The hibachi chef was in good spirits, although he gave up on the entertainment portion of his job since the group of three across from us were ignoring him and kept talking amongst themselves.This Nakato has a nice albeit dated interior, but much better than the run down Kabuto on Pineville Matthews. The prices were in line with most hibachi places, 18 for chicken and around 22+ for combos. And you will have leftovers for sure!
5	Nakato is a fantastic hibachi restaurant and has been my family's go-to spot for special occasion dinners for years. The hostesses are ALWAYS friendly and happy. The restaurant (including bathrooms) is ALWAYS spotlessly clean and an appropriate temperature (might feel chilly at first, until they turn that tabletop grill on). The chefs are ALWAYS humorous and entertaining. The food is ALWAYS delicious, not oily or heavy. Their house ginger dressing is unbelievable. This is what sets Nakato apart from other hibachi chains for me. There are other things on the menu and none of it is bad but honestly just order the hibachi. Choose chicken, steak, shrimp, or a combination and enjoy! It comes with soup, salad, white or fried rice, and vegetables, enough food that you will likely have leftovers for lunch the next day, for around $22 or less per person. Lunch is cheaper, but you don't get soup (boo). If you are celebrating a birthday or other special event they will bring you complimentary dessert for your entire table as well as taking a group photo. Back in the day this consisted of a polaroid but at some point they have upgraded to digital photos so you get a nice 5x7" print of your entire party in a paper "Nakato" frame, pretty sweet.Words of caution: It can be difficult to tell if they are open during the day. There are no windows, so you have to check the electronic "open" sign out front because they do close briefly between lunch and dinner. More than once I have driven by and thought they were closed when they were really open because I was just judging by number of cars in the parking lot or whatever! Also, if you are going with a group, they WILL NOT seat you until all members of your party have arrived. If you have a small party, they also WILL NOT put you at a partially-full table if the people at that table have already ordered. I asked once and got a vague explanation somewhere along the lines of "we really want it to be a family-like shared experience/don't want the chef cooking for latecomers while other are already eating". So if you really mind being a party of 2-3 and sitting at a table designed for 8, that might bug you.
3	It's ok. A bit pricey for what you get. Chef hardly spoke.
3	On my way to a movie in Concord and I was craving some sushi....I thought of Nakato I had been once before for lunch and remember it being pretty good.  I've never eaten the hibachi - but they have a decent sushi bar, prices are a little high, and they lack on selection when it comes to rolls.  I really enjoyed my miso soup, and tuna tataki though.  If i'm in the area I'd come back but I wouldn't drive out of my way.
4	Great early bird special. Only till 6 pm. HIBACHI style. Steak, chicken,shrimp,soup,salad,noodles,veggies and sauces. Great atmosphere and very authentic Japanese style building. Great decor and try to get a table in their traditional Japanese style seating. Not recommended for dinner after special hours. Over priced and sushi is OK.
5	Early bird special Sun thru Thurs from 5pm till 6pm, $11.95. Ichiban! DO NOT RECOMMEND ANYTHING ELSE AFTER 6PM.
4	I really enjoyed the hibachi but have not got the chance to try there sushi yet. They are fast and the food is great. The cook was friendly and my meal was great and everything id expect from a hibachi restraunt. Its a little pricey but all kinds of places this style usually are but all in all its a good eat
3	We stopped here last week to try the sushi. Nice atmosphere and the staff was friendly. We ordered a special of the day roll that we cant remember the name of and also a rock-n-roll. The rolls were fresh and good. An average place for sushi. We rate it A-Ok...
4	It's sushi, or hibachi whichever one you want to choose. I enjoy this restaurant. The sushi is fresh and the servers are friendly. When I have went it was never too busy. Even though some of the food is a little pricey, it is worth the money. This restaurant is definitely a place to go for special dinners and occasions. The restaurant is very clean and spacious. Well worth the money and experience to try out sushi and hibachi.
3	If you want a little entertainment mixed with your meal, this is a good place to go.  This is a teppanyaki place, meaning they cook your food on a big cooktop right in front of you.  Think Benni Hanna if you're familiar with that chain.The food is good and the service is usually pretty good too.  The one down side here, as far as service goes, is they don't start cooking until they fill up the cooking area, which if you go with a small party might add a few minutes or more to your way.  At least that was the case the times I have been.  The regular order I have is chicken, which comes with a clear broth soup, white rice and veggies.  The soup comes from the kitchen first, but everything else is cooked right in front of you.  They also serve several sauces, which are tasty combined, by the way.  You can get the same thing with steak or shrimp instead of chicken.  For dinner the same meal also comes with a few grilled shrimp regardless of what meat you order.  They serve it as sort of an appetizer for all dinners I think.Overall, it's a good place for some light entertainment with your meal.
4	I love Nakato!  They always have the freshest sushi, and I love the variety of special rolls.   I have never had a bad experience here.  The staff are fantastic as well.  This is the place to go if you're in the University area!
5	I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, but my company has an office in the University area of Charlotte, and I often have to take colleagues to dinner.  Nine times out of ten, I'll pick this place because 1) it's fun, 2) it's reasonably priced,  3) it's delicious and 4) it's fun.I love sushi, but I don't usually get it here because I'm all about the hibachi table.  Your party is seated at the table and the waitress and assistant take your drink and food orders (I always get the steak and shrimp combination), and soon afterwards you have a salad and soup in front of you.  A hibachi chef (admittedly of varying talents) arrives with a cart of food, and he confirms your orders.Most of the hibachi chefs are pretty good.  They twirl the spatula a bit, serve the sauce, cut up some shrimp and set the table on fire (in an onion ring chimney).  Pretty fun.  The good chefs can do some pretty cool things with eggs and shrimp tails.  You wonder how they keep their fingers considering how quickly they throw their knives around, but last time I checked, they all had 10 fingers.Then they start cooking the food en masse, and I'm always impressed with how quickly they serve an entire table of 14 within 20 minutes.  Next thing you know, the chef scrapes the table, cleans it, and bids you good night.The food is usually excellent, they have perfect seafood and ginger sauces to complement the natural flavors, and they keep your drinks/water glasses full.Great food, great time, and a reasonable price.  Hence 5 stars.
5	This place is GREAT! I can't wait to go back! Went with my boyfriend on a Sunday evening, we ordered the Pacific Fried roll, the Superman roll, teriyaki chicken, teriyaki squid, and a side of rice. Both of the sushi rolls were AMAZING, seriously some of the best sushi I've ever had! It's obvious they have a very experienced sushi chef. The staff was friendly but they did switch off a little and got our teriyaki squid confused (we ordered it cajun and it came out plain). The restaurant itself was very beautiful, minimally designed and very open and bright, and they bring you hot towels before your meal. We sat in the sushi bar area and it was very quiet and peaceful, even though it is next to a cook-in-front-of-you performance area. From what I overheard of that, it sounded a lot less obnoxious than some other Japanese steakhouses I've been to where the chef is more concerned with cracking jokes than cooking food. I did not get that vibe from Nakato and cannot wait to go back with a group and sit around the grill. Very satisfied.Oh and PS, this would be a great place to take a date! Sit in the sushi bar if you want a more intimate, relaxing evening or sit around a grill if you want a more exciting night!
5	This place is great.  My wife and I went there for our anniversary and it was delicious.  We had a sushi roll (don't remember which one) but it was very good.  We also had the hibachi dinner...I had chicken and steak, my wife and steak and shrimp.  Everything was VERY good.  Also, it is nice how they cook the food in front of you.  It is like a show and dinner.  Overall a great experience.
5	This place is great!  I had dinner with my parents and decided to try the sushi instead of the hibachi grill, and I am, glad I did.  This is some of the best sushi I have had in Charlotte.  The overall restaurant is very nice and relaxing, service is great and like I said before, the food is spot on.  The only negative I can say is it is a little pricey, but you do get quite a bit of food.  We will continue to come here, and if I have a first date with a lady, this will be my choice.
5	love it here! esp the early bird special chicken and steak if you are there before 6pm!
2	Lets just say... This place knows how to cut costs! I know that the economy has been hard on everyone, but whoa. I commend this restaurant for taking actions to minimize the amount they spend. This nice restaurant I believe sunk $5 million dollars on the property. Now, I'm going to update my review from my 2011 review. And the outcome, as you can tell by the stars is ummm... not good.Now, lets start off by the menu. I came with a party of 5 and we all got seated down at the hibachi grill. Menu is pretty standard as far as hibachi grill food items goes. I came to Nakato because from word, the owner owns a farm out in Colorado and farm raises all the animals and also their freezer blast freezes their seafood. This is an important fact because when you blast freeze seafood, it's usually 50 or more below 0 degrees Fahrenheit keeping the seafood fresh and bacteria free. So, this was definitely a reason to try this restaurant out.So, lets get back to the menu. Looking at the items something pops out. Fried Rice..$1.75. So, fried rice doesn't come standard with the meal that costs $15+? Steam rice on the other hand is free (which I picked). I ordered the combination of Chicken and NY strip. My party all got the fried rice when it was asked because they were under the assumption that it came with the meal, and I'll break down to you what that fried rice consisted of.Fried rice: Eggs, Sesame seed, and Soy Sauce. That's it. No green onions, carrots, and all that other good stuff. On top of the lack of extras with the fried rice it had no taste. Bland.Meats that I ordered weren't bad on the other hand, but the portions were a little too small in my opinion. Their noodles that also came with the meal wasn't filling, and just left me a feeling of not full but at the same time not hungry. And mind, I ate two of my party's portion on noodles.We also had some tempura. The tempura, I had no taste for it. I've definitely had better. The batter had no taste, as well as the sauce. The veggies that was served in the batter surprised my mother, which found out it was just a whole half of an onion dipped and fried in the tempura. She also wanted to tell me that what made it worse was that the onion had no flavor, the batter, and on top of all that the sauce!Finally lets get on with the end when we pay our bills.Sitting with us at our grill was another party of 5, 3 kids and 2 adults. One of the child's birthday happened to be that day. So, you usually get a dessert, or a cupcake, or some ice cream right? Not here! This lucky girl got a nice candle, in a sauce dish. Well, they did sing the birthday song to her.But wait! That's not it! The table sitting directly across from us also had a birthday. So, they take the candle the little girl just blew out and lights it again to give it to the other birthday person. Mind, these meals cost I believe $15+. Easily.Way to cheap out your customers there, Nakato. Charge extra for fried rice that's bland, and some pretty expensive dishes, with no complimentary birthday dessert. Now, that's how you run a business: Cutting costs, and try to recuperate losses.
5	Come here once a month (just for Sushi) - always delicious, always consistent.  Come with a group and we are located in various places around the US so we are comparing it to what we like in our respective cities.  All agree that this matches up to our local favorites and is definitely the best place for Sushi in this part of town.
5	Yumm!! Don't forget Sushi!
3	I enjoyed our meal here. I'm a big fan of the teppanyaki experience, and wasn't disappointed. It was a little pricier than I expected, but not TOO outrageous. The chef was talented, and our food was tasty. I might try some other places like this, just to compare, but we'll probably be back.
4	It's fun and Yummy!Had a blast with our group and our chef was impressive with his "art" and funny too...Food was good, and surprising considering the chef was cooking it all there.Fast! Fast service and delivery... It's not a place to string along a meal. You are served a lot o food and its one portion after another...I'm coming back.
4	The early bird special is the way to go.. The wife ordered the veggie dinner as well.. Despite earlier post i read it was plenty!! Of food.. The waitress was top notch and the decor is one of the nicest ive observed.. Only reason its not a 5 star is our bill was still 40 for two of us with drinks, even with the early bird.. However, it was flavorful and better than your average hibachi place.
2	The place looks nice and the waitresses/chef are very nice. However, the salmon was not good. It fell apart and had bones in it. I first ordered salmon sashimi and then got salmon nigiri instead. I also got the Crunchy roll and it was soft...not crunchy. Overall, I was not impressed with the food but liked the people.
2	I have to say overall I am not very exited about this place. The ambient is not so bad,  a lot of tables and the waitress was cute. ... About the Shusi... ;) Got Vulcano, Tuna and Superman roll. The Miso Soup was hot but the taste only average. You could get the Kirin beer only as draft when you don't want to drink the 12 oz bottle. I am not why draft beer has a frozen foam...The rolls were as well nothing exiting average again someone said something about pricing and it is right 38$ is not ever age... Would I go again!? I might but will look for different places as well...
5	I was very impressed with Nakato. We went on a Friday night, and it was pretty busy. My girlfriend and I ordered sushi at the sushi bar, along with gyoza appetizer and some fried rice. The sushi was very fresh and flavorful (I had a Carolina roll as well as a spicy tuna roll, and they were great!). The gyoza was on point, and the fried rice was done right. I will be coming back here again!
5	Nakato is wonderful. We went here for my wife's birthday and it coming from South Charlotte it was well worth the drive. The entrance has high ceilings and an overall great atmosphere. Had the hibachi and it was dinner and a show as the chef was very good at making a delicious dinner but he was very funny as well. The portions were good, the fried rice was great, and my standard steak and shrimp was all I could ask for.We had a great time and we will be back.
4	A Benihana like restaurant near our hotel and where we dined for a team dinner on a week night. They do not seat you until your entire party is here, but sink into one of their leather couches in front. You will not want to get up.Our party of 16 or so sat at 2 grill tables, circled around. I knew off the bat I didn't want teppanyaki, so I asked for a sushi menu. I started with the hawaiian poke salad (mix of salmon and tuna) and then two rolls. The 49'er roll (ode to the SF Niners) which was a CA roll with smoked salmon, spicy aoili (fancy word of spicy mayo) and scallions. I also went with another typical favorite roll of mine, the Rock N Roll, a crunchy roll with spicy tuna and smelt roe on top. Everyone was served salads and soup, and I also had a nice bottle of hot sake. Although I prefer cold sake, this one hit the spot. Service was great, but when the show began, we were definitley at the dull table. The other cook put on a fun and exciting show, doing tricks and everything you would normally see. Ours was...the quite opposite. When I asked him where our fun show was, he did a volcano thing with the onion, and THE END. The hawaiian poke salad was okay, too much sauce that was overwhelming. The rolls on the other hand were delicious! I was surprised at the freshness of the fish, and I liked how they didnt clump so much rice on the rolls. And surprisingly I was still hungry! Usually I can barely eat two rolls, but I was still wanting more! I decided to order another, the Spicy Snow, salmon, cucumber, and jalapeno. My coworker and I also shared an order of 4 pieces of fatty tuna. That was amazing, but for $32, the slices were awfully thin. Everyone seemed to enjoy their teppanyaki, and the noodles were good too. They do seem to cook their steak very well, so tell them your liking if you prefer it more raw.My roll took forever, and people were wrapping up so I asked for it to go. It was delicious but the jalapenos were HOT! After one burning my lip, I had to take them all off.We had two birthdays and I asked them for their options. Ice cream is free, but a birthday cake, song, and photo was $10. We opted for the latter, and the birthday gals enjoyed their treat. The cake looks almost home made, but maybe store bought. Its a good size for about 6-8 people, and it was really light and delicious! Overall, a great experience! Would come back again for the sushi! Service was great in the beginning but as more and more diners came in, it seemed harder to get a hold of the waitresses. I do appreciate them turning on the channel for the A's/Tigers game for my avid A's fan coworker.
1	I've been eating Sushi for 23 years and they serve the worst sushi I've ever had!!!!! The service was bad as well! The Sushi was served very fast because no one was ordering it!! I wish someone told me it would be the biggest waste of 120.00 I've ever spent!!! I'll never return!
3	Steak was good. Chicken was chewy. Service was great. Price not bad. I've had much better for the price.
4	Nakato is good. Consistent, and decent quality. I wish people would learn the difference between a four star restaurant and a five star restaurant. Look up Anzu at the Hotel Nikko San Francisco. That is what five stars is people.
5	We are sushi connoisseurs - Nokato has the best around here. The ingredients are fresh, tasty and the guys making the sushi know what they are doing.
2	This place used to be good. Keyword used to be!  The fried rice was over done by garlic and if you love garlic you would understand why I didn't like it cause I love garlic. It was absolutely too much. Nothing else complimented it. Short ribs were horrible we didn't eat it and still was charged for it even though we told our server it wasn't good. Service was fine... But I think their hibachi isn't worth the money. The chefs can hardly entertain!!!  Anyways. Good luck on you're trip.
2	I got take out. The sushi was edible but by the smell of it when I first took it out of the box, it was not as fresh as I would like. There is not much of a raw roll selection.I am used to more creativity in rolls and this place was lacking. I'm new to the area and this is the second place I've tried for sushi so far.It's in 2nd place out of two. And it's pricey!
5	Love this place. The food is always delicious. And you won't be leaving hungry. With entrees you get onion soup, ginger salad, white or fried rice, mixed veggies, and noodles. I always substitute the salad for an extra soup which they have no issue with. I love that. We always end up here on someone's birthday, and when you tell them they song in English and Japanese and you get a cake and a photo! Anyway...go here if you're looking for a good hibachi place!
5	Me and wife love this place. It is our favorite Sushi place. Love the atmoshere, the decore, the staff, the hot towels, and of course the food. They have a beverage and a sushi bar. This is also a Japenese Steak House, but we mostly come here for the sushi. They have 16 Teppanyaki Tables in the main dinning room and 4 more tables in private roomd that you do not need a reservation for, but you have to take your shoes off and sit on the floor.
4	I've been coming here for many years now and have no complaints about the hibachi grill food. It's always fresh and good! Whenever I'm in the mood for Japanese and have approx 1 hour to enjoy my lunch (and have a healthy appetite!) I come here on my lunch break. The noodles are by far my favorite part of the meal, I just love them! I've had the chicken, shrimp, steak, scallops  over the years many times and they've all been delicious. Fried rice is super yummy too but is an up charge - $2 I think? (outside of lunch hours) which I think is crazy. Other places in the area don't do this and I think it's just a way for them to make an extra buck. I do pay it though bc I really like the fried rice. Unless you really want an alcoholic beverage save your $$, the beer on tap is often flat and mixed drinks are expensive and nothing that great. I'm not a huge sake fan but it's your average sake. The chefs are so-so, of course they can cook! But I like a show...it's hit or miss if you get a good one. They do good for coming out, talking with you, making adjustments, etc. Wait staff is pretty good but there are some bad ones as with all restaurants. If you get a good/great chef & waitress please tip them well (20%) as they share with each other. I do think that's fair as we out the chef through some grief at the table! Can't speak on the sushi as surprisingly I've never had theirs...but looks like others have so be sure to read their reviews! On Friday & Saturday nights you will have a long wait so I'd recommend a reservation, even if it's just 2 of you, which will get you placed in a sectioned off portion where you have to take off your shoes...be forewarned! All tables seat about 10 on each side so you'll sit with strangers if you don't have a large group. Enjoy!
5	I can't say enough about the service here. We had an issue the manager came right out apologized and gave us a free meal.. I will be back..
5	Tremendous! First time here, the restaurant itself has a nice open feel to it when you walk in, we sat at the sushi bar. The staff were all very friendly and attentive, the ginger dressing on the salad was different than any other place I've been (in a good way), miso soup was good... sushi was awesome! Next time I'll have to try some of the specialty rolls, they looked GOOOOD.Prices are fair, it's not the cheapest sushi around but the quality is there which is more important (to me) than price. I'll be back for more.... :-)
5	I brought a co-worker here for a business dinner while in town and thought it was great. We had some downtime when we first sat to talk about work and then enjoyed a great, reasonably priced, hibachi. Portions were abundant.
5	We dined here for lunch.  It was not a busy, but every thing was great from the food to the service.  We all enjoyed the hibachi and the sauces were excellent!
2	We sort of liked parts of Nakato, but thought the overall picture didn't really add up.The sushi was good, but was served very late in the meal, despite being ordered first thing. One of the pieces I received was totally different from what I ordered. When the waiter fessed up, I was still charged for it. That is the type of restaurant this is.The show was not among the best I have seen, and the chef looked like he was not really interested in the performance. The food was VERY salty, with everything getting a healthy dose of soy sauce. The portions are quite large.  The soup was watery, and did not have the obligatory fried onions, the salad was typical ginger dressing, but not sweet at all. Our meal was quite expensive, well over $100 for the 3 of us, not including tip.  Ultimately, we feel this restaurant is yet another lame ripoff of Benihana, which is better, but no longer among the best of these restaurants either in my opinion.We would not go again, having experienced far better. However in the current climate in Charlotte, this restaurant will probably be around forever.
4	I'd give this a 3.5 only due to lack of rolls. Sushi (nigiri) was great,but I like some crazy rolls on the menu.  Had one that was good but not a huge selection.  I'll be back.. It's close to the hotels so easy walk.
4	Excellent food! We enjoyed that they are one of the hibachi places that actually uses the ginger sauce on the side to dip with. The early bird special they currently run at $13 for a chicken and steak combo is an amazing deal too. They also serve noodle as well as the normal fried rice.
4	Good sushi. Didn't get the Teppan Yaki (chop chop) food....didn't want anything too heavy before my French class! Got the Hawaiian Poke Salad as an "app" and it was very tasty....Then a "Panther" roll which featured Tuna, Eel, cream cheese and avocado with some crunchy "stuff" up top, drizzled with their Eel sauce (by the way, just what the heck is "Eel sauce?")???? It's yummy nonetheless. Check out the pics. Recommended. I've had their chop chop stuff at the Pineville location, and that too is quite good. Overall a good place to grab some chow!
2	I was super disappointed with my trip here.I got the filet and scallop lunch which ended up costing about $20+ dollars. The waitress didn't remember my friend wanted shrimp AND chicken... Also didn't remember my other friend wanted steak. Two of us said we didn't want noodles so she didn't give us noodles or veggies...my steak was cooked well done not med rare as I ordered. My scallops were extremely overcooked. I had to go to bathroom and spit it out it was so hard. Not worth the money. There are cheaper options that taste way better (ie Toyama)
3	Just went for sushi. Superman roll was good. Overall I would prefer Pisces or Ru Sans, but this place was nearby and it did the job. Service was also good although it wasn't busy at the time.
4	WE went for sushi, and sat at the sushi bar on a Saturday night.  The sushi list was long, but kind of repetitive, and a lot of the rolls had the same ingredients.  The rolls we did get were fresh and were made quickly.  To supplement the lack of rolls with various ingredients, I ordered nigiri.  Honestly, this is hands down the best sushi place in the University area.  Kabuto doesn't seem as fresh and any other place is whack.  Ru Sans will forever wear the sushi crown in Charlotte!
4	From out of town and this was my first visit and I enjoyed the food. We had a fun cook which was also nice.
