4	I met an old friend here for sushi last night and was stuffed! these guys have a wide variety of rolls with different seafoods, textures, and temperatures. their spicy tuna is nicely seasoned and all of their food was impeccably fresh.also, my friend told me that these guys aced their health food inspection which i know is important to some of you yelpers.minus one star only because they close at 10. with good food and lots of beer i usually want to stay out later. so go here, but don't go too late, or you will accidentally waste your spicy tuna too.
4	I blew in here an hour before a Coyotes game, and really wasnt expecting much, based on some reviews of 'other' Westgate restaurants.  Fortunately for me, I was pleasantly surprised.The place was packed, but my friend and I were seated immediately at the sushi bar.  Our drink order was taken within a couple of minutes.I ordered 2 sets of the spicy yellowtail rolls, since that's my thang.  They came up quick, and they looked great... but that was nothing compared to their taste.  Probably one of the most spiciest spicy yellowtail rolls I've ever had.  A single tear of joy rolled off my cheek.I offered one to my companion, who asserted that his sushi hymen was indeed intact.  After trying it, he blurted out complements regarding the bite sized treat... so I offered another.  But that's where my hospitality ended.  These were so good, that I bogarted 10 of the 12 rolls.I'm not sure if the quintuplets were waiting tables that night, but I couldnt discern which waitress was ours, so I reached out to the nearest one and requested our check.  And then we were gone...Sure beat the hell out of the pedestrian cuisine a la Jobbing.com Arena.  And, I ended up paying less.
4	We ( me and my little sushi fans) have been here three times recently. We have really enjoyed their wide selection of sushi and interesting names. Not only do they have your "normal" Vegas roll, Caterpillar roll, etc. but they have some interesting takes on sushi such as Kabuki roll, Cactus roll, Dynamite roll, and  a lot more. They do lean heavily on a somewhat sweet taste   in the ones we have so far, but that might just be what we are choosing.  The kids have loved the plain Sashimi such as salmon, Maguro and Yellowtail.  Staff has easily seated our group of six and even on Friday nights at dinner time. the staff is friendly and helpful. It feels clean , neat and put together without feeling fussy. They have sports on the Tvs and everybody always seems pleased.
2	Warning number one: let me start this review by saying beware all those from the East side -- this is not the same as Kabuki in Tempe. Our experience at Kabuki was disappointing to me, especially after I chose the restaurant based on Yelp reviews. Seating was prompt and pleasant for our party of five. It was an early meal, and the restaurant was fairly empty when we arrived. Our waiter had his hands full, and, to his credit, we were a table of 3 sushi amateurs and 2 sushi snobs all vying for his attention. Despite this bonus credit, he was very "first day on the job." We ordered a few apps, including the gyoza and misos. The gyoza was well received and the misos were standard issue. Next on to the courses, the timing of which was horrible. We made it very clear to the waiter that two of us would be having sushi as our main, and the rest would be having entrees. Unfortunately, this was completely disregarded resulting in a gap so large that the person with the first entree served was nearly finished when the last entree arrived. Not sure if this was a wait staff or kitchen issue, either way it was problematic and a HUGE peeve of mine.In the midst of all this the specialty rolls we ordered, the Hawaiian and the Caterpillar, were served -- along with the eel, salmon roe and tuna rolls. The straight sushi was very good -- the tuna was fresh, the roe not fishy. The eel was a bit drier than what I would prefer, but the flavor was spot on -- not cloyingly sweet or over sauced.Unfortunately, the specialty rolls were so vile I actually had to be "that" person and send them back. It was a shame, as they looked stunning and were very generous portions. But ... this brings us to warning number two -- Crabmeat on their menu actually means Krab meat -- as in the imitation stuff, and not just in the California roll where we all expect it (and I can avoid it). It seems to make an appearance in ALL of their specialty rolls -- complete with mayo. Yuck.Now, I realize every place has their own spin, but frankly I found the whole thing to be appalling -- I've never seen a Caterpillar roll that includes Krab. And the Hawaiian just made sense to have real crab, given the other ingredients. The hostess or manager, not sure who she was but nonetheless lending a hand, was very gracious in accommodating a prompt removal of these sushi abortions and supplying additional tuna and spicy tuna rolls (which were both VERY good). I give major points to them for handling the situation well.  While I was very disappointed with my experience, it wasn't all bad. Had we not had the service issues, I likely would not have sent the sushi back, but by that point I was already getting a bit on edge. So, I won't trash the place, because god knows there aren't enough independents on that side of town, and the items done well -- particularly the spicy tuna and teriyaki  -- were very good. So my advice if you're not of the Krab loving persuasion -- stick to the basics, and you'll do alright.
5	I loved the food here. It was the best sushi that I have tried in Arizona so far. The service was so so but I can't wait to go back and see if it was a one off experience. My caterpillar roll was one of the best I've had and sashimi tasted fresh and not at all "fishy"
3	Very clean place!  And for a sushi place, I think that's very important and Kabuki is spotless.  Unbelievable selection of rolls.  Good service and quick.  We had lunch and were served and finished in just over 30 minutes, without rushing.Yellowtail sushi, just a bit dry, but a nice size serving of fish.  Tuna crunch roll, even with the krab, tasted good, but the tune was sliced very thin!!! I would have much preferred a little more tuna, a little less roll.  And I noticed other rolls were equally long and narrow.  But all looked very inviting.  My wife felt the teriyaki chicken sauce was way too sweet.  After one taste, I agreed.  And the miso was waaaaayyyy too salty.All in all, a pretty good lunch.  If I were in the neighborhood, I'd stop again and stick with sushi or sashimi - no rolls.
2	First off - we were looking for somewhere to eat in the west valley and Kabuki Sushi popped up on the GPS as being nearby. Thinking it was the same Kabuki that is at Tempe Marketplace and Westgate I was excited. Um. Yeah. Definitely not the same place. I'll start with the good:- Service was very attentive and friendly (actually, the service sort of saved this from being a 1-star experience)- Huge selection of specialty rolls- Kid-friendly (the sushi chefs even entertained my daughter)Now, the bad.- The place smelled like fish. Not a good sign.- 99% of the rolls were made with "crabmeat". Even the Philly roll, which is very very odd. - The food was very expensive for the quality. Two rolls made with mostly crabmeat and some nigiri, plus a couple 4.50 beers, quickly became a 70 dollar "quick bite."- The menu has pictures. Not very appetizing pictures.I probably should have known better than to eat sushi anywhere in the avenues. And I'm still kind of baffled by how there can be two completely different restaurants in the same city with the same name? Either way, I will actively seek another alternative next time I'm in that area.
4	This place has a nice lunch special. You get soup, salad and a three selection combination plate for about $13. I chose the teriyaki beef, combination tempura and California rolls. I couldn't finish my plate. The service was good and the atmosphere was fine for lunch.
4	How did I forget that I  really like this place before ? What was I doing throwing my hard earn teacher bucks at nasty random Sushi places. From now on when I get a yearning for Sushi after a hard days work I am heading here. This week we went with fellow sushi lovers and tried some super Delicious rolls  , loved the Pink Princess Roll ...it really is pink and tasty with pastel sauces laced over the top, also loved the dragon roll , a hot mess of tasty krab -like taste with other  sweet stuff that tasted good and memorable..sorry could not place the ingredients.  Daughter loved her pieces of magura, yellow tail and salmon , they looked clean and fresh.  We also had the Caterpiller , always a favorite. I can't wait to go back.
3	It wasn't the greatest sushi I've had. But it wasn't too bad either. I'd possibly stop by again if I was hungry for sushi and was in this area. But I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
4	I have tried many of their rolls and if this review was strictly based on the sushi I would give it a 3.5.  The sushi is exactly that.  It is just slightly above average.  The other .5 was added due to the service.  I have never received bad service here.  They are always fairly prompt and adequately friendly.  Decent sushi and good service.
3	Hubbie had a taste for sushi so we yelped and yelped and came up with Kabuki!  (We are in town for the week so really was at a loss for a good place.A-OK.  We had very good fish.  We had a sashimi plate, Alaskan roll, and Cherry blossum roll.  And my mom in law had Tempura/tonkatsu combo.  All accompanied with a bottle of Shoju.  It was all good.Even the miso soup was nicely presented.  Good choice!  We will be a returning customer for sure.
4	I went here with a friend because "that sign outside looks really expensive".  LOL  I liked it actually... I liked the inside decor, I liked the fact that they have photos of the rolls that you can order... and they have a TON of rolls.The service was good... the waitress gave us happy hour prices even though we JUST missed it.  We were very thankful for that. :)Anyway... the rolls were good, the seats were comfortable... they had a HUGE bar.I enjoyed my experience here.
5	This is one of the best sushi places I have ever tasted!  From prompt service to the variety of rolls, this is the place to go for sushi.  It is kid friendly and a great place to just hang out for happy hour.  You can even request a combination and they're flexible to make it your way.
4	Love this place.  Great service.  Very clean.  The Phoenix roll is a must.  They usually have a couple games playing on TV.  My dad has taken his boss here, my grandma had her first sushi here...  in fact, I think I want to go tonight.  Yum.  Oh, I also think it is very affordable.  The fancy rolls are $13.
4	Phoenix Roll... So yummy! I have to say this place has great tasting rolls and it keeps me coming back for more! I've tried other places, but for some crazy reason I keep coming back! Call it addiction, or just  great tasting sushi! Service is great!
5	Ive been to probably five or six sushi places in the valley and this is by far the best Ive had.   Never had I eaten such fresh sushi that it literally made me sit back each bite and just go "WOW."  Im also a huge fan of Edamame and the way they make it is they boil it in brine, so there's no need for salt on top.  Each one is amazing.Though it's far from me right now, I'll be heading to the west valley soon.. which means I'll be closer.. Muahahahahaha.. Great eats guys!!
5	The best sushi place in Peoria ! Friendly staff & quality food. If your here Monday-Friday request Lauren. She is the best !
3	Nice and attentive service.I didn't try the sushi, however, they offer a multitude of rolls. We had the chicken entree and an udon noodle dish. Okay food. Tad salty so make sure you drink plenty of water or you'll wake up to puffy eyes (not a good look). Good location, easy to get to, and lots of parking.
4	I like this place. Scratch that...love this place.Sushi is definitely in my top five favorite foods and Kabuki does it right.This little place is tucked into a small plaza, and is never too busy, however, the service is always really great. A lot of the people who work here went to high school with me, so it is kind of refreshing to see some of their faces!The food is superb. I absolutely love the "Rock 'N Roll" and their "Vegas Roll" is one to brag about. They have a pretty vast selection of saki and a full bar. The only thing I would not recommend here is their White Russian. Ick. Normally they don't come in such tall glasses, and this one is just overkill. Too much of a good thing is never a good thing.
2	One star for the service, one star for the picture of Heath Bell on the wallDuring Spring Training, my partner in crime and I were both craving sushi in a bad way, but I feel like maybe Arizona does not have a solid selection of raw fish venues.  Everyone we asked either cringed at the idea of eating something uncooked or had no clue where a decent place may be located.Now, since this was a weekend of debauchery and I was continuously mildly inebriated, I decided to throw my search into the Yelp app and see where it took us.  Kabuki it was!They did have happy hour, but unfortunately the drink specials were only somewhat decent.  Come on, $10 for a large sake/large beer?  I can get that for half price in Cali.  Oh well, let's order a couple anyway.The edamame was aight, the rolls were just ehhh, I mean, I didn't get sick or anything, but they weren't the freshest (we just had the spicy tuna and the caterpillar roll).  We had ordered another specialty roll which sounded delicious, but the chef started with those two, and after we realized those would be more than enough, we cancelled the final roll.  I really liked that he held off on that final roll, it was as if he knew that our eyes were bigger than our stomachs and wanted to give us time to realize that.All I know is that next time I find myself heading to AZ, I will be sure to get my sushi fix here in Cali beforehand.
5	I'm from seattle so Sushi is a common staple in my diet, and I'm very picky about quality, and presentation. While in Arizona for spring training my sister took me here, my son and I were wary about Sushi in the desert being somewhat picky from seattle.Wow! Not only is this Great Sushi, but top 2 all time for me and I've been to Japan! Size matters here, the rolls are huge!, quality of ingredients are top notch and presentation is well thought out and fun! The catapillar, amazing!My son and I rave about this place up here in washington. wish there was more like this.The head Sushi Chef comes out and greeted us and was very inviting, a must next time i'm in AZ!
2	Used to be a pretty decent, friendly place to go. I don't know if the management changed or what but the service is super-slow now. And weird. One waitress we got pretended not to know what 'tamago' was then said "Oh! You mean /TOEmago/." Not only was that snotty for no reason but the fact that she was pronouncing it incorrectly made it kind of sad and funny at the same time. I speak Japanese and know the differences between 'to' and 'ta', as well as what the word 'tamago' means. In her attempt to make herself look superior and smart, she did the exact opposite. I've been to Kabuki many times over the past 4 years and used to love it (this used to be a 4-star review). But the last 3 times really haven't been worth the trip. The sushi's not as good as it used to be and the help... definitely needs improving. I don't know that I'll write the place off completely yet but it'll be a while before I go back.
5	Love this place!! Me and my husband go to a lot of sushi restaurant but nothing con pairs to this place. Highly recommend  it.
3	Sushi for lunch... it's one of those rare (no pun intended) occasions where I can splurge and enjoy great seafood in the middle of the desert. I recently went to Kabuki in Peoria for the first time, and when I walked in, I was impressed with the atmosphere. The tables seem comfortable and the ambiance is above average. The sushi lunch specials are insufficient for my appetite, so I chose to go with the Rainbow Roll and California roll.  They were wrapped well and tasted good. The food was what I expected; not really any better than any other place I can think of. For $20 (without drink) for lunch, it was a bit expensive compared to other sushi places I frequent.I think my expectations were too high. There's really nothing too positive or negative about my experience... I was just hoping for better lunch offerings that didn't involve tempura or teriyaki.
3	Okay, my husband and I went there to celebrate our anniversary tonight since yelp gave them 4 stars.  We probably won't dine there again, their miso soup tasted strange, they probably used chicken stock instead of bonito (dashi), I was very disappointed. Sushi was okay but I want more sushi vinegar. My huband didn't like their rice, tonkatsu was okay but too thin. Since I'm Japanese and moved from SF bay area, I could be a picky food critic. I went to Tomo, Kabuki in Glendale, Akai Hana and here, unfortunately they are about same. With this economy all the restaurants are trying to survive, but we need good Japanese restaurants in west side of Phoenix.I just found better, cheaper and fresh sushi in Fry's supermarket in Goodyear. It worth to try and you don't have to pay tip. LOL
4	I can't believe I haven't written about Kabuki yet! We have been going here for a few years.  They have some awesome crunch rolls and cali rolls.  I like the miso soup and edamame also.  I have ordered the chicken and steak terriyake rolls a few times and they are good.  It is a well priced and good sushi place.  The most recent time we went, it seemed to have gone down hill a little, but I would easily believe maybe it was an off day, and it isn't always like that.  It was just a little more sloppy I guess.  It will take a few more times to scare me off, cuz they have always been wonderful every other time :).
3	I gave my first review of this establishment back on Nov 2010 and as for the food, it still stands as a great time.  The food is delicious.  Id like to review the visit this time.  My gifrleind and a friend all went to Kabuki for some Sushi because I had been craving it for a long while.  The last few times we've gone there it's always been a pretty good visit.  Quick service. Good food. We walk in and are seated.  It's a little crowded, but nothing we've seen before.  They have about 5-6 people waiting tables or hosting or doing something.  A waiter asks us for our drinks and I throw in an order of edemame and some belly buttons.  ..and the wait begins.Id say it was bout 10-15min before our appetizers got in and the waiter felt the need to tell us the edemame was '"fresh!" ... i guess that's lingo for "It's gonna be a while."  Finally they bring it along with the belly buttons.  During our wait we decided to put in our food order.  We got about three different types of sushi.  Nothing super fancy with a volcano exploding with fire shooting out the ends... just some regular sushi.I kid you not, it was about 30min before my girlfriend could not hold back and finally asked the waiter why it was taking so long.   Apparently they had just two people before making sushi.  Well ya know what? We've been there before when just one guy was there and it was faster service.  We got our food finally, but instead of bringing it all at once, they brought two then one.  Ok fine... Im hungry.We eat our food and get our bill..  The bill comes out to roughly $55.  With a tip we all decided to split the bill three ways.  Two of us had cards and put $22.00 on each and one had cash and did $22.00 so they had a tip.  Not rocket science right?  He walks away with our cards and cash and literally 10min later we all get up disgusted..  "Can we have our checks to sign?"  The girl pipes in "Oh they are right here.." I guess they didn't think we needed to sign anything.  I saw my bill for $22 and put a slash through the tip and signed  and we walked out.  (remember.. we left the tip in cash).So Saturday morning I check my banking online from my phone just as we were heading out of town.   A nice little note on my bank statement:CHKCARDKABUKI SUSHI & PEORIA AZUS     $55.38 What the!???   Why the hell was my card charged for the full bill.  Did they decide to go back and charge my card the full amount because we were unhappy with their service??Disgusted we called them and supposedly they are taking care of it.  It's Monday morning (when banks do their normal run through) and my banking statement still shows the same.Love the food Kabuki, but you lost three customers because of the poor service; and we will not be coming back.---------------Update.. they fixed my account, but the service was still snail slow that day.
3	My husband and I were really excited about this place because of the reviews, but last night we figured out it was just ok. We ordered the lava roll, spicy tuna roll and the rock and roll. The first two were ok. I've had better in South Dakota. The rock and roll though was amazing! At least we got one good roll out of three. If we go again we'll definitely get the rock and roll. Also the waitresses need to be more attentive of their clients.
4	Good Rainbow roll, rivals my fav at Sakana. Good edamame, not over-cooked. Timed nicely too. one draw back, the service was a bit lack luster, forgot our soy dishes and plates. Oh yeah, comfortable booth seating, not usual in a sushi restaurant.i will go back, hopefully they remember the plates!
2	I like to think of myself as a sushi veteran, and this place is just awful. Imitation crab meat in basically everything. This is what we had:Phoenix Spicy TunaJ-TomTunaThe only one that was ok was the plain ol' tuna roll. We didn't finish the others. Go to the westgate kabuki.
4	I have rated this place before and I'm back to up them to 5 stars. My husband and I revisited tonight and we ordered the j-tom roll, crunch roll, and rock n roll. All three rolls were delicious this time unlike our last visit. We were extremely happy with our selection of rolls and I can say that I'm still in love with the rock n roll !31Jan2012They've been slacking the last few times I've been in here. Hopefully they pick it back up.
5	My husband and I ate a lot of sushi while we were dating and living in South Korea. Naturally, every time we find another sushi place with a Korean chef, we feel instantly at home. Kabuki is an excellent example of this.Sit at the bar and strike up a chat with one of the sushi chefs. Let them recommend their favorite dishes to you. Whether I visit this place for lunch or dinner, I always leave happy. The staff is friendly and the food is great.Pick a designated driver and then ask for a bottle of soju - our favorite Korean alcohol. Try an appetizer (maybe whatever is on special); Edamame is great of you are new to this kind of food. Have some soju. Have a roll or two... I like the Rainbow Roll, myself. Have some more soju. Maybe end the meal with some sashimi; then more soju.Tip them. You'll be happy.
4	Good food.  Service was a little slow.
5	Delicious, I love the Alaskan roll and the Hawaiin roll.
5	A nice little place with a sushi bar you can sit at and booths as well.  they were very nice when we went in.  Service is great and so is the food.We ordered the FAQ, the letters are what used to be on the specials board it seems but now is on the regular menu.  The previous menu is all numbered.  I like that the menu has good descriptions and color pictures!F - Lobster Roll - This was baked and just absolutely amazing, it's rare to have warm sushi and this definitely his the spotA - Hawaiian Crunch - Q - Sarenda Roll - I can't remember A and Q, but one was spicy tuna and the other salmon.  Both were very good and had a more refreshing cleanness to themThe miso soup was the best I had ever had, not just floaty crap all over but nice thick and had some good taste to it!  I normally hate miso soup, and last time I had it, it was acceptable (that was a year or two ago since I actually live in Chicago), but this time it was great and I'd order it again!
4	First I am not a sushi expert. I do know when I like something. I have been trying places close to where I live. There are many places close to me in Peoria. Until you start looking you don't realize just how many places there are. This is one place I had not been. So far this is the best place I have tried. Remember this was just the first visit so until I get in several visits and try more of the menu will I really know how much I like them. The star rating could go up or down. The service was great. The meal was about $2.00 more than I have been paying for something similar. It was better tasting. Fresh distinct tastes. I am looking forward to a repeat visit.
4	I've been here many times picking up sushi for my mother but I have never tried any. I'm a recent fan of sushi (yeah....I know, something's wrong with me) and have been trying different types at various places. This place is one of the good ones!I tried the crunch roll and the teriyaki beef roll. Both were amazing! I got it special ordered since I do not like avocado (not my fault, it's my brothers!) and they were very accommodating. Both were perfect and the portions were huge! I have leftovers (who would guess?) for tomorrow. Can't wait. :)Will recommend this place to others and I will be back again.
4	My wife and I ate their for our weekly date night before going to see a movie.  Kabuki's happy hour is from 3-6pm, and offers a wide range of appetizers, salads, sushi and rolls to satisfy most people.  I'm definitely not a professional sea-food critic, but I've eaten at at least 6 different sushi places in valley.  Kabuki is one of my favorites thus far...especially for the price.  Vegas roll was awesome, and their Shrimp spring roll was very delicate, and tasted fresh.  The edamame appetizer for free was a nice touch as well.  I'd definitely recommend this place without hesitation.  Oh, and a 12oz draft of Sappporo for less than $2?  Pleasant surprise!
4	Great lunch special. I like the soup, combination plate.  Very filling and food taste fresh.  I like the location and the interior of the restaurant. Service is good and the food comes out fast for lunch so you can get in and out.
5	Awesome food and great service!
3	So we have been back, and I think my observation that things have gone down hill a little is correct.  I noticed overall quality and freshness seemed less that a few years ago.  I have recently had better at Nakama and Fresh Wasabi.  We had a very nice waitress though, she was helpful and kind.  I am sure when we are in the area, and hungry for it, we will come back, but I do hope they are aware of their quality declining somewhat and improve it... :)
4	Great place for a Sushi fix.  I always get the 3 combination plate.  With this you can pick from several items.  My favorites are beef teriyaki, spicy tuna rolls, and tempura.With this plate you also get Mi so soup and a small salad.  A bowl of white rice is also included with the meal as well.  They also offer specialty sushi plates, but can get add up if you really want plates of sushi.Another great offer is the happy hour Sunday-Thursday, 11am to 7pm.  You can get a bucket of bud, Bud light, Kirin, or Kirin light for $10.  Its 5 beers so 2 bucks a pop is not bad.  Overall a great place to enjoy sushi and unwind with family and friends.
4	Pretty yummy crunch rolls!
2	I really wanted to like this place because I live within walking distance and I love sushi. One problem: there were little bones in my sushi roll. If I'm paying $14 for a roll, I feel like there shouldn't be bones in it, call me crazy. Otherwise it was ok, a little pricey and the service was nothing special. Won't be coming back unless someone else really wants to.
4	Had a Hawaii roll, with the best tuna! Very pleasantly surprised by our meal. All of our food was top notch. We always look forward to sushi because we don't get it very often... living in Northwest Iowa. We weren't disappointed with this spur of the moment decision.
1	Want to be kabuki.. The place is small and the service is ok.. Sushi are ok, I'd rather do the real kabuki just saying
5	Kabuki is definitely one of the best sushi places that I've been to! The portions are very generous and their selection of rolls is endless. My favorite rolls are the J-Tom roll which has the jalepano bomber appetizer inside and spicy albacore on top, the thunder roll (has spicy tuna on top and shrimp tempura inside), and the Heidi roll which has spicy tuna and cilantro (droooool). Though the Happy Hour doesn't have all the specialty rolls on it, it does have an extensive list of appetizers and popular rolls at an amazing price!I would recommend this to anyone in the Peoria/Glendale area. Great food and great service!
4	If you haven't had the dynamite roll... you must try it. It is amazing!!!! And they have red snapper shashimi here so delicious. Not a big fan of the vegas roll this particular place serves.
3	This place was ok.  We ordered sushi and the three lunch combo.  Spicy tuna roll was not as I expected but overall worth three stars.
1	Go to Kabuki at Westgate (they're not affiliated whatsoever) - drive away from this place! Don't expect this place to be serving Japanese anything! They don't know from tempura batter to panko. Ordered tempura and received food that was dipped & fried in panko. We complained to one of the waitress and she said it was the tempura and walked away. Asked to speak with the manager but got told that he is busy. (Saw an Asian man who seemed like a manager, he had a white baseball cap and a aqua colored polo shirt, walking around and talking to other guests, laughing and socializing.  He should've been told that we wanted to speak to him, if that was the manager). Anyway, we tell the waitress again that their special, TNT Shrimp is tempura and how our food was breaded in panko was not tempura. We found out that this place is run by Korean owners (which is fine with me) but c'mon, don't even know how to make tempura?  Even if the cook dipped the food in panko in error, waitress should know what their menu should look like. Have eaten here for the past 3 years but we'll be taking our $70 business elsewhere.  Ah-So or Fresh Wasabi (non-Japanese operated) will do..., better yet, Kabuki at Westgate (excellent place, btw) or Sakana for authentic Japanese food. Kampai is an excellent restaurant but on the other side of town (32nd St & Bell).
3	Yep.....still gets three stars.  The yellowtail Sashimi was a bit dry and the salmon skin roll was way chewy.  But the flavors were good.  Looks like they've done away with lunch specials.  But from all the Bud signs and specials, you'd think it was a bar.  Too expensive for the food quality!
2	Went there for lunch.  Service was quick and friendly but the food was below par.  Teriyaki chicken was ok, but quite salty.  As a matter of fact, everything was a bit too salty for my tastes.  Even the salad.  For the location and quality of the food, I would consider it quite expensive and not worth it.  $14.99 for a lunch entree and a drink is pretty high for this part of town.
4	It is a standard destination for me when I travel.  Either location, this one is a bit older and nostalgic.  Nice staff.
5	It's been well over a year since I have been here, but I sure miss it.My boyfriend and I have been here several times and it became our spot when we were in AZ. Our favorite dish is the trio of tempura, teriyaki salmon, and California rolls. Also the tempura rolls are yummy and I cannot find anything that comes close to them in Illinois. Service was quick, but I don't recall anyone being that friendly. Prices were reasonable too, portions ample.
5	Looking for great sushi? Well this is the place! I've been to many different sushi places around Glendale/Peoria and I have to say this is by far my favorite! Great atmosphere, great music, and their hallway to the bathroom is filled with pictures of  baseball players and celebrities which is pretty awesome. The sushi rolls I got were amazing especially for the size of the roll which is way bigger then pretty much every sushi place I have ever been to. My favorite rolls are the Seared Albacore roll, Lauren roll, Kim roll. and Vegas roll. An appetizer that is a must try is spicy poki or tako (octopus) salad!
5	Every time we go here my husband comments on how fresh and delicious everything is.  We've tried probably 80% of the items on the sushi menu and have never been disappointed.  The staff has always been friendly and attentive.
5	Oh Kabuki how I love you!!!!  My favorite go to place for Sushi in the West Valley.  Doesn't get any better than calling in your order and Ta Da  - Sushi at home in 15 minutes!  (I live close by)  Consistency is the key and I know exactly what to expect from Kabuki!
4	We had a very enjoyable visit recently! Food was very flavorful but I'm kind of a fan of hot food being served hot. Everything was the same temperature. The service was EXCELLENT which is what really bumped up this rating. We tried a variety of dishes from teriyaki chicken, cactus rolls, the shrimp california roll, and the Arizona tiger roll. We also had gyoza, and the combination tempura. All in all, this is a great little place and I am really looking forward to going back soon! Just hope they watch their serving temps.
4	Great service but I really really wish they would yell at you when you walk in the door.  If this place will yell at me like a California Sushi place when I walk in the door, then I can say it would be a five star experience!  Good food, reasonable prices, and fun atmosphere!  Enjoy!
5	Tried kabuki because of yelp reviews and also because we just moved here from California. The first place we tried (fresh wasabi) was awful and had bite sized rolls. My bf and I decided to try kabuki in Peoria and boy were we pleasantly surprised. One of the owners was our sushi chef and he was very friendly and made everything so delicious!! The seared albacore roll is my fav! This is definitely my new sushi spot. No more searching. Our waitress was awesome too. FYI the portion and size of the rolls is excellent. We'll be back soon! :)
4	Pretty darn good!! Too early to give it 5 stars, but nothing to complain about. Good presentation, appeared relatively clean, no overpowering smells, and friendly looking staff. The staff appeared clean and happy to serve us. Food was not too pricey and was served in a timely fashion. I opted not to try the sushi this day because it's it's very consistent among the better local areas. We had the fire cracker app which was unique and AMAZING!! Definitely a must try if you've never had it! The entrees were awesome too! If the sushi is above par, then I will give it 5 stars.  It all comes down to the presentation and staff because most sushi places are falling behind in one or the other or both. I felt comfortable and important which made the overall experience very positive.
5	I've eaten here a few times, it's always been good. Love the sushi, num num num. Must try the short ribs, so yummy. Thanks everyone at Kabuki
3	Very good service, delicious edamame, and I loved the complimentary miso. I'm very disappointed with the options for vegetarians, though. It was either a 4 dollar cucumber roll (which are small and a bit lackluster) or a 10 dollar full vegetable roll. I understand that sushi is primarily fish, but I wouldve loved a few more options. At least make cucumber roll proportional to the cost.
4	The restaurant is located in a strip mall, but not strip mall quality food at all. The Phoenix and Dynamite rolls were both good. The menu tells you what is both inside and outside the roll so easy to choose menu items if you have dietary restrictions.
2	First time here and it was sub par at best.  Little sushi restaurant in a strip mall. Service was a little slow and the Food came out slower. There were about 5-6 tables occupied along with 3 diners at the sushi bar. We ordered a few rolls, one being the Phoenix roll which was baked and tasted horrid of mayonnaise and imitation crab. The other rolls were edible and average. There was 1 sushi chef and he was extremely slow. We received 1 roll every 10-15 minutes it seemed. I saw manager in the back kitchen standing around who did not check on his Sushi chef but once. So it was a different environment than I'm used too meaning professionally ran restaurants with friendly staff and a sense of urgency are my choice.
5	Love the small non corporate feel to this place, I work in the area so i usually stop in for lunch, their specials are priced well and i always have something to take home to munch on, anything that is breaded is fried perfectly and grilled is grilled perfectly. Their sauces go perfect with their dishes, no overbearing flavors here.  I also enjoy their udon soup specials, try one out if you haven't already.
5	I eat here regularly and have never had a bad meal. Even my boyfriend who lived in Japan for years adores their food. His favorite is the eel while I almost always get the beef teriyaki. My favorite roll is the Vegas Roll!
3	My husband and I were looking for a good place to have Friday night date night at, after my haircut. We yelped around and saw this place and decided to check it out. It's a rather standard suburban sushi place in the Arrowhead area. We got there about 8-9 pm that night, and the place was almost empty. Service was prompt and efficient, and we were seated quickly with menus in our hands.The drink selection was... okay. I got the watermelon martini, which was good, but truthfully nothing to write home about. I ordered some tempura udon, and the shrimp tempura was crispy and fresh, but the broth a bit too high on the sodium content. The sushi rolls we got were nice, but not immensely creative. Well made though, with decent fish. I did ask to order my favorite- ikura nigiri, and they unfortunately didn't have it. I got ebiko nigiri instead, at her suggestion. Not my favorite, but a decent substitute. Fish eggs are fish eggs. The one noteworthy thing that I did enjoy was that they had a good number of rolls with 'white tuna', or escarole. My husband and I love it. But if you do your research and google it you will know that it doesn't always agree with everyone, especially if eaten in large quantities. So reader beware- you may NOT have a nice reaction to it, and really that differs from individual to individual. Neither myself or my husband have ever had a reaction, and we enjoy eating it every time we see it in on a menu. Overall- 3.5 stars, rounded down to 3. A nice place, but really, nothing to go out of your way to enjoy.
5	We went there with our toddler and sat at the sushi bar. Our server, Amanda, was super sweet and very helpful. We ordered the Vegas roll, Lobster roll, and Cherry Blossom roll. We didn't say very long cause of the kid but Amanda was very understanding and helped us hurry up on out of there with boxes and our check. Reasonable price for the food, and our 3 year old loved the sushi as well. It's becoming our favorite nearby sushi spot, and our server Amanda made the visit the best of all the times we've been there. We'll be requesting her from now on :)
4	Great experience. This is a neighborhood "joint" that serves good sushi. Loved the crunch roll. Tempura could have been a little bit lighter in texture, but it still quite good. I also recommend the sake bombs, if you don't need to drive.
5	We like it here,it's close to our work and they have reasonable prices! They have great sweet potato fries,good wings and great customer service! They have happy hour from 11:00 to 7:00 Monday thru Friday!
4	I was reluctant to try this place because it only had 3 stars, but was craving for sushi and it's the closest one. Glad I did!! Great waitress, we got seated at the bar but she was very attentive. I love the menu with pictures of all the sushi and appetizers, make ordering so easy. The rolls was delicious and fresh salmon and tuna. Also free Edamame!!! Will definitely come back to try other rolls
5	The sushi is fantastic. I would certainly go back there again. I recommend it if you're from Glendale or if you're in for the baseball season. Once again I recommend this place for sushi and for their cook on tables, their hibachi is also excellent.
5	Had a wonderful time on Mother's Day at Kabuki's. I wanted to do something different for my girl on Mother's Day. I had Generosity limo drop us off at 8pm and we were ready to be picked back up at 8:45 to go home for the rest of the night. The food was great as usual and the service was excellent. Thanks.
5	I love it here food is always good never disappointed, clean, never had a bad experience
4	Awesome sushi, better than others
3	Good but not great.  Splurged on the Lobster Tail Roll - 5 stars but it was $20 so I got what I paid for.  Went a second time for teppanyaki  and it was OK but the cook was great.  I prefer sushi at other nearby restaurants but this is a nice change of pace option.
1	Way over priced for sushi that aint good taste all the same ....i order 4 rolls and a chicken Teriyaki.dinner  and the chicken was dry as hell no flavor.and some how my bill was 90 bucks never again will i go to this over priced fake sushi spot ..people that know good sushi will agree .not one roll  wowed me ..server sucked she walked by me 4 times before she refilled my water and the place was empty ...
5	Unfortunely, pregnant me was craving sushi. I went for a AZ tiger roll and it looked yummy and deep fried. It wasn't fully cooked so they kindly switched it out for a Vegas roll and it was AMAZING! Side note: udon is delish and the staff is amazing!
1	This used to be my favorite place until a small worm was on my roll.  We took a video of it and management offered to pay for meals. Never will eat there again.
5	It's definitely hard to find a good sushi in az, but kabuki is sushi gold. I went there today with my girlfriends for lunch for the first time and we were all "wowed" by the amazing varieties and flavors. We decided on ordering various things and sharing since we all wanted basically everything on the menu (sushi wise). We got the: Spicy poki (spicy sashimi salad)Kabuki shrimp app.Pink princess rollLoberster rollJ-Tom rollVegas rollSamuri rollandSerenda roll It was a bit of a splurge, but every bite of everything was simply outstanding. Our server was also very attentive, pleasant, and had great knowledge of the menu (we had a ton of questions). We will definitely be back soon to cure our sushi cravings.
3	Ok start with the sushi. It's really yummy always fresh and handmade. Unlike some places who use frozen rolls. Blek. They are kinda on the higher end of pricing but for good sushi it's understandable and I can live with it. Dynamite roll is very amazing and will fill you up.Now for the staff...Most of the time I really don't mind the hosts and waitresses/waiters they have on staff but I go in here quiet frequently.(work really close) and sometimes they are just so dang rude. Really? If you honestly hate your job that much. Leave. I really don't wanna say don't go here but I hope you get a good staff that night. For now the convince that it's right by my work is great. But if I'm going out with my hubby or out with the girls. Kabuki at Westgate is the place to go happy hour is to die for and the staff is always super nice and helpful.
4	Great place!  They didn't take reservations the night we were there, but hinted that if we came early they could seat us.  The wait was about 5 minutes less than what they quoted.  We enjoyed the food and our service, in spite of being seated next to the kitchen/door for the wait staff.
5	Love sushi but haven't been able to find one worth returning to in AZ.Lets start with the chicken/pork katsu. First off, get an extra side of the katsu sauce, you'll need it. Then take a bite and you'll quickly realize you can't stop eating it.. but wait! Save space for the sushi, that's why you're here right?If you don't eat sashimi, shame on you. Try it, share it, love it. It's packed with fresh thick cuts of fish that satisfy my food cravings. Or try the Phoenix and Lauren rolls; one baked with lobster, oozing with a medley of flavors and the other topped with decadent white tuna creating a simple almost buttery flavor. It's a bit pricey but why go get cheaper sushi when it doesn't taste any good? Also, the holiday decorations and music are a plus.
