2	Internet Connection  = $60 Wi-Fi router = $120 Daily internet pass = $4.95Losing customers because you make them pay for wifi access priceless.$4.95 for a day pass or $29.95 for a monthly pass is just ridiculous, especially when the place is so computer friendly with lots of a/c plugs for laptop users.If you are going to just have coffee then miss I's review is right on the spot, but if you are going to work or study and need access to the internet then go somewhere else.
2	This place offers a sliver of charm for those who shop/stroll along Walnut St. and want to drop in for an espresso. It has a big clear garage window which is always open when weather permits - and this allows for good people watching. Nevertheless, it still lacks some of the warmth and welcome that you find in other independent coffee shops. Although there are a lot of electrical outlets, this place may not be the best spot to study for a couple hours (esp. during weekend peak times). Tables can be scarce and it seems like the owner/staff are less than thrilled about a bunch of sweatshirt clad students detracting from the Walnut St. bistro-charm. If you still decide to hit the books, there is a semi-soundproof room in the back where some like to study, however it also serves as a "community room" that is periodically reserved. Prices on coffee are decent, but the food and desserts are way over-priced and disappointing to the palate.
1	I was a fan for years of the Coffee Tree in spite of the lack of seating due to endless working students with laptops. I changed my mind when twice in  a row when I asked for a spare paper cup to split my coffee with my wife I was told -- we dont do that. Starbucks does and is a lot friendlier. I hate to down local companies but Coffee Roasters is acting like a franchise not a local coffee shop.
4	A nice alternative to the Starbucks down the street. This location is fairly large with couches & comfy chairs in the back by the fire. Their coffee is better than average, and the baristas have been friendly. A nice place to hang out on weekend mornings. If you don't find anything yummy to eat here, try the bakery across the street before grabbing your coffee.
2	Coffee Tree offers a number of different places to sit - the open coffee shop with the huge garage doors or back by the fire on the couches.  The coffee is okay, nothing special.But if you want to sit outside without being outside this is the place.  The internet is now "free" for an hour so long as you buy something and the staff will readily give you a code whenever you buy something.As some of the other reviewers have pointed out, you may find it difficult to get a seat.
2	I like the look of this Coffee Tree Roasters location more than anything else.  If you like people watching on a nice day, try grabbing a seat near the front of the shop, when they open up the huge glass windows.  In the winter, the coveted seating is towards the back of the shop, the couches and chairs by the fireplace.  The meeting room in the back is handy, but I've found it to be really chilly in the winter--not sure how it is in other seasons.The coffee's all right, and I feel "meh" about the hot chocolate and chai.  While the baked goods in the case look tempting, I haven't been wowed.  One person I went with got a biscotti, which was rock hard--now, biscotti's supposed to be crispy, but not that hard.  When she told the baristas, they informed her that the biscotti was supposed to be that way (didn't she know any better?).  At best, I've found the service here to be civil, not friendly.
3	I think all of the reviews here are spot on.  I spend a lot of time there studying,  and I find the baristas (do they call people who work at coffee shops that aren't Starbucks that??) there to be just about the unhappiest lot I've ever encountered.  I try not to fault them TOO much for this, as I've worked retail before (though never food service, and I am completely aware that food service may very well be worse), and they probably deal with a lot of grade A d-bags (am I allowed to say that here?) in Shadyside.  But still.  I always go out of my way to be polite to them, and I come in nearly everyday, despite the coffee (which I agree is very 'meh'... watery and just basically pretty average, if not slightly below) and HORRIBLE pastries/desserts.  (Seriously, they taste like they've been around since the place opened.)  But never a flash of recognition, of any sort of 'hey this girl's usually pretty nice and polite so maybe when she quite benignly asks for a cup of ice in addition to her $4 iced soy-vanilla latte+tip, I shouldn't practically roll my eyes at her.'  Nothing like that.So, why do I come here everyday?  For the same reason other people must come here, too... the people-watching and melding of inside/outsideness in the place.  It IS pretty lame that the internet isn't free, and especially with how Crazy Mocha has apparently hopped onboard with UPMC to takeover the city, you'd think CTR would at least want to keep up with the competition.  But, with a purchase, you still get 2 hours access, so that does go a bit of a ways in making up for it.In terms of the wait for tables, I've never found it to be quite as bad as a few on here have said.  I've never had to wait longer than 3 or 4 minutes for a table, and especially if you're by yourself and only have a book or something, people are generally pretty nice about letting you share their table until one opens up.  So, in summary, if you are a coffee snob, this probably isn't your place... if you're any other kind of snob, though, make sure you walk by the place a few times with your oversized sunglasses, gladiator sandals, & Sephora bag, carrying your Cavalier King Charles Spaniel puppy in your purse, so us scrubby kids taking up tables in the Coffee Tree have a chance to gawk at you for awhile.
4	i must admit that i'm shocked at the poor reviews for this coffee tree roasters location.  though i don't spend time in the store, i always grab an espresso or latte whenever i'm in shadyside.  i absolutely love their beans.  i even buy their whole beans to brew at home.
5	i love this place!!!!!!  it is a pretty big cafe shop,and they also have a small room for study discussions and they also have this open place,for people who would like to breathe some fresh air and see people walking outside the street.  I could actually sit outside all day sipping the amazing coffee and dunking their yummy walnut or dark chocolate biscotti .And wooo what makes me love this place more??They have amazingly cute stickers to stick it on your coffee cup.   And yes!! i do enjoy cheap thrills like ,taking a sticker which reads GOBBLE GOBBLE and sticking it on my friends forehead.hahahi did laugh for about 2 minutes. But sadly my friends was definitely not edible !    A great cafe shop in an amazing location and filled with good memories.i love you coffee tree!!*imagines herself hugging a huge tree which bears coffee beans on it* :)-Smriti
4	Great coffee house in a great neighborhood.  I really like the 'quiet room' in the back, the fireplace, and the numerous electrical outlets.  Great clientele, and while yes, I've had a couple of odd moments with the baristas, I've also met some really cool ones.  And what do you think this is?  Starbucks?  Of course they give you a little attitude.  No "flair"
5	The vanilla lattes are a little sweet, but delicious. This place is perfect when the weather is nice and they can open the garage door. It's definitely a must-visit coffee shop on Walnut.
3	Went with my roommate when we were searching for some nighttime wi-fi (our dorm didn't have it yet, we were desperate).  Wandered over, and were in total awe of the open front to the store and how massive the place is... it just keeps going!  Wow.  We hung out in the quiet room in the back and drank tea (my sencha was you know, nothing special, but delicious as sencha always is).  Since I got tea, I can't attest to the quality of the coffee like some of you might like to hear about.  I can however, state that they don't actually make you pay for wi-fi, you just have to buy a drink.  And what kind of jerk goes to a cafe, uses their wi-fi, and doesn't get a drink?  That's just bad manners, people.The 2 hour time limit to the internet connection was kind of a bummer (otherwise they'd get 4 stars from me), but we went at 10 pm anyway, so we had 2 hours exactly until closing.
4	As always, I got the basic Vanilla Latte- it's the drink that I get to measure all the coffee places.  I figure, if they can get the drink to be sweet enough and yet have the right amount of espresso, they can't be all that bad.  The latte art is always a plus, as well.It was $3.10, pretty usual price.  It was well-made, a little on the sweet side.  But definitely okay.  I will most certainly come back here to do some work or to journal...Coffee Tree Roasters caught my eye as I walked down Walnut Street because the entire front of the shop is open-air.  There's about three sections for seating and there were plenty of outlets.  It was a bit warm and stuffy inside (this is in early Sept).  The service is fairly fast but I think a lot of people come here as their haunt so it might be difficult to find a spot.
4	Whether I am looking for a caffeine buzz or a quiet place to study, my go-to place is Coffee Tree Roasters on Walnut Street.  My drink selections are always pretty basic, classic coffee or chai latte, but I have heard from friends that their signature drinks and smoothies are delicious!There is a big garage door on the face of the shop that they open during warm weather.  You can choose to sit at the cafe style seating in the front, or they offer comfy couches next to a fireplace in the back.They always have a pitcher of ice water on the counter, and fun stickers you can choose for your cup!  They also have a nice selection of pastries and sandwiches if you're hungry.Walnut Street has a free wifi connection too!
4	I love coffee and any place that serves it. Shadyside is one of my favorite neighborhoods in the city, especially on a Saturday afternoon. It's very alive and animated with people everywhere! I personally love window shopping at the Apple Store, but that's a different story. My girlfriends and I met on Saturday for a little shopping and lunch, and while we were waiting for our one friend, we hopped into the Coffee Tree for a morning tea. They have an awesome tea selection, and I had their organic citrus green tea. The layout is great inside - a lot of tables, and outlets for the laptop users. Up one level, they have couches by a fireplace, and finally in the back they have a closed-in meeting room available for groups. Great location - great tea. It was perfect for the brisk, sunny Saturday morning walk down Walnut.
4	A solid place to start a roadtrip, because everyone knows coffee is as essential as fuel and large bags of candy when starting on a long voyage in the car. We started our day with three Italian roast coffees, all hot delicious as expected. Fast service was key here too, as we parked the U-Haul directly in the midst of Walnut Street traffic.As an aside, I've been here to study before too - lots of tables, but often wobbly, and there are a lot of people in there who generally look like they are just taking up space and preventing actual patrons from finding a seat. I'm sure this is only magnified during prime study periods, so consider this your words of warning.
2	This place just keeps getting worse and worse.  I've been in Pgh for a while now and honestly, I can't remember a time when I didn't go to Coffee Tree Roasters on Walnut as my go-to study/sit around/meeting place.  I loved the big garage door, the ambiance, the people watching, the free wifi...etc..etc.  The coffee was good and reasonably priced, with tea at hand if I felt like it.Since then the quality of the place and service has just plummeted.  Started with the bathrooms...rarely cleaned, rarely working.  Nowadays, if you dare to sit in the back near the bathrooms, the whole area reeks of stale urine or something.  It smells like the bathroom.  Inside, the toilets are leaky, the floors are often COVERED in water (lets hope) and paper...I partially blame the patrons for leaving these in such poor condition, but hey, management, could you possibly, i dunno...clean it?  I've gone a couple times in one day, once in the morning, and once after classes, and the bathrooms look exactly the same.  Then the service declined.  First they started making the "you must buy something to get internet." That's fine with me.  I always buy something there.  But then they started the 2hr limit...then free 2hrs, but then you have to buy something ELSE on top of whatever you bought initially...etc...etc.  Now half the time the internet doesn't work and no one on staff seems to care or know how to reset it.  They just look at you like you are lying about the internet because, hey, they saw someone using what looked to be the internet about 8hrs ago...or that's what their coworkers told them yesterday.Then the coffee also became watered down...and went up a smidge in price.  Still cheaper than SBux but its...not as quality anymore.  I still love it for the giant door into people watching in shadyside and its locale. But otherwise, it could be a lot better...because it USED to be a lot better.
3	This Coffee Tree Roasters store has an excellent location, good coffee and tea, and a cozy atmosphere.  The glass room in the back is excellent for studying, reading, or doing other quiet activities, and the restrooms, when they are working, are kept pretty clean.The issue I have with the store, though, is that the staff is always unfriendly and, at times, can be downright impolite.  They never smile and consistently seem to be grumpy.While the drinks are good, I'll try to avoid Coffee Tree Roasters and visit one of the other fine coffee shops on Walnut Street if I can.
4	Coffee Tree Roasters has become a coffee shop staple for me to work and study. The Shadyside location has a clear garage like door for a window which they put up when the weather is nice (and even when a sprinkle of rain occurs) and I absolutely love that part of this place.They also have in the back a conference room with all glass windows so if it is not reserved and the people around you are talking you can go in (though seems like it might need an air freshener and have a rug renovation). Next to the conference room is the bathroom which they do keep clean.Weekends are typically crazy filled with people so if you want a seat either come early or come late (opened until midnight!) though offer a lot more seating compared to other places in the area. Even when there is a long line, the cashiers have been helpful and have gotten me what I have bought so no complaints there.I'm not a coffee connoisseur by any means but not a fan of their hot lattes and their hot coffee is okay though do like their ice coffee, ice teas, hot teas and chai. Their sweets are fantastic to boot (rice krispies, wafers - which are 5 for $1, biscottis and cookies) though hope they will have more savory items for snacking (sometimes they have pita and sandwiches available for purchase). Probably good they have not offered more of a selection for snacks since I feel like I'm always eating and drinking in here anyway...
4	I dunno, I've been here enough times to review the place, but there's not really a whole lot to say.  It's a coffee shop! I never sit in and hang out, I always just stop by for a cup, and usually I go to Jitters instead ::shrug::I'd have to say that they serve you pretty quickly, though, which is good because it's always hella busy in there!  The big open storefront thing is great on a nice day.  I suppose if the Coffee Tree had a selling point, that'd be it.
4	This is a decent coffee shop smack in the middle of the happening area of Shadyside. The coffee is not the best in town; it would get 3 stars from me if you consider only coffee quality. They also serve pastries, yogurt, other drinks, and most importantly for me a good variety of all natural oatmeal. They sell coffee and coffee accessories, have free wifi, a reasonable number of electrical outlets, and all the good things a decent coffee shop should have. And, the baristas have always been polite, sometimes even chatty. What is great about CTR-Walnut is the large sitting area with a high ceiling where they pull up the "garage" window when the weather is reasonably nice. Fresh air comes in continuously, and you can enjoy sipping your coffee and getting some work done while watching people pass by on the sidewalk of Walnut Street and in the coffee shop.  In fact, that is exactly what I am doing right now. The coffee shop shines especially during the summer, as a result of the open-air seating in the sitting area close to the sidewalk. Evenings and weekends can get very crowded and finding a seat in the best parts of the shop can be problematic. The back side of the coffee shop is much less exciting at least for me: not as much fresh air and a low ceiling. Although, they do have a fireplace and seemingly cozy couches in the gray area between the back and the front, which I assume would be great for conversation on a cold winter day with the right set of friends. That they are open relatively late (until midnight) is a plus... If you consider that late, of course. But you will have to make do with it since the tacit rule in Pgh seems to be "thou shall not keep a coffee shop open after midnight" even around college campuses where you are almost guaranteed to get reasonable business if you do a good job. Now, imagine the chutzpah if somebody changed that...
5	My go to study spot.  I've enjoyed the regular coffee, ice teas, and biscotti. Decent amount of electrical outlets which is crucial to my sad existence as a PC user.Open until midnight everyday if I'm not mistaken which is heaven for a stressed out grad student.Great for hitting the books while being able to take study breaks to people watch. On nice days, the whole front opens as it is a garage door offering an awesome feel.Staff has always been polite and doesn't seem to mind students hogging tables for hours upon hours. Actually, as I write this review I realize this may be my favorite coffee house ever.
5	I had a large regular drip from here and it was probably my favorite cup of coffee that I had in Pittsburgh. I just arrived in town, GPS was taking me to roads that didn't exist, so I had a beer and then this cup of coffee. I really enjoyed it. There was a lot of flavor. I stumbled upon this place accidentally and am sure glad that I did.
2	Let's talk about the weird interaction I had with a Barista here.  I asked if they offered free internet.  Simple question, right?  She hesitated and then went on this whole diatribe about how it used to be free, and then it wasn't and now it kinda is, but she wasn't sure.  I swear that's exactly what she said.  So she hesitantly gives me this paper, pulled off from a whole stack mind you, of the Internet name and password.  At this point I'm confused...do you not want me to be here?  Is it free?  I finally got my answer when I logged on with no issues, it's free.  Why all the hassle??The only reason I can see (and seriously a big one) is the coffee shop hanger on-ers.  I can only imagine how this has become an epidemic in spots like this.  Hip spots with lots of students and recent grads who want to scope out the free internet havens.  I get it....the coffee shop wants you to get your coffee, hang out for approximately 2 hours and leave.  I'm sure this is not the case...and that people hang out enough that they could easily put on an apron and handle orders behind the counter.  So long story short, this place is PACKED.  Packed like you usually have to take a couple laps to find a free table....or even lone chair!  It's a little annoying. Plus, you're most likely going to see what the person next to you/on top of you is doing.  Oh, sweet game of chess there dude....Oh yeah, my chai was okay, Oregon Chai Mix (my third fav after a homemade mix or Intellegentsia).   Made exactly how I ordered it, extra hot, which a lot of people do not do correctly (it needs to burn my tongue, for realz).  But for me, this is a spot I'd avoid....way too crowded!
4	+ Latte was excellent, however could have been a bit hotter.+ Brick wall interior and garage door front facade. Seems like a great place to frequent in the summer.- All the foodstuffs is pre-wrapped in saran wrap. My scone was decent, but I was surprised by the price considering how small it was.
3	I am going to start this review by giving you the heads up that I am aware it might be biased towards my European taste from back home, as this place seems to be a popular choice among my non-Portuguese/French/Italian friends: I really thought that the espresso I ordered tasted terrible, as it had certainly been over roasted and I could see some colored reflections on top of the liquid (soap?). Plus, all the baristas seemed like they had been struck by the sadness of a major catastrophe.  With that being said, the place is cozy and the pound cake did taste well, albeit maybe a little bit too sweet...
4	The coffee here is excellent. I usually have their iced or hot mochas which are extremely rich and chocolatey.  Their lattes and regular coffee blends are also quite nice and their chai lattes can be light and refreshing. The decor is very chill traditional coffee house style with small tables and a good amount of space considering the other neighborhood shops. The brick interior is cozy  and cool and they open the front garage door-style window on nice days so it's practically like you're out on the street. Very cool place to just chill and do homework or meet with friends. Parking can be difficult, though. Slightly disappointed by the quality of their pastries though so I usually just grab a yogurt.
4	Flavorful not bitter I have only had a double espresso iced & a regular I enjoyed it
4	It's a great place to not only stop by when you're shopping on Walnut St. It's also a great place to study or get some work done. Their coffees are always legit and they will get your order made quickly. There's a small study room in the back, leather couches are available, and small tables everywhere. In the summer they will open the glass wall/windows so you can feel the breeze and make you feel like you're sipping on your coffee outdoors. One downside about this place is, the restroom is so dirty and smelly. Maybe it's because they have too many customers but I really wish the staff would get the cleaning done right. Bad restrooms give customrers a bad impression!
3	Great interactions, very friendly workers and customers (most of the time). Don't waste your time on the wifi though, it's horrible!
4	In the summer or early fall, it's a great place to hang out as the windows are open and you can feel the nice breeze.  The service is pretty good and took my order quickly as well as serve it promptly.  The prices are competitive and the muffin was fresh.  Despite being busy, it did not feel overcrowded with their 2 levels of seating.I also ordered a bag of beans.  They had a vast selection of beans at very good quality and had no problem with a coarse grind for my french press.  Overall, a very solid place for coffee and baked goods.
3	Not a huge fan of Coffee Tree Roaster coffee.  It's really sour for my taste, but I will come to this location, simply because it's convenient for doing work.  They have the large windows at the front and plenty of outlets along the wall.  They also have plenty of seating as you head further into the coffee shop.Also, the wifi never seems to work for me.  Maybe you have to go further into the coffee shop, but I prefer to sit near the front.
4	I really like this place to meet with friends for a cup of coffee or get some work done or whatever. Sometimes it's tricky to try to concentrate depending on what time of the day you go in. It gets very busy after like 3-5pm and stays that way up until around 9-10pm.. But overall, they have decent coffee and treats.
4	It's a popular place to hang out on Walnut st, more so than the Starbucks three blocks away, tucked on a side street. Hence, this place is busy, all day long, any day of the week. I never figured out their wifi, apparently you are supposed to ask the barista for a piece of paper with the wifi info. I just connected to the free wifi from Sephora right next door, no problem, no time limit. Their study room seems to operate on some sort of sign up basis. I've only been there outside someone's slot but its quite a bit quieter than the outside. Not a big coffee fan, I usually go there only to get stuff done so I order like an iced tea or sth.
4	Cute place with a delicious cap! Perfectly proportionate.
5	They're a great local alternative to Starbucks, and they make kickass drinks! I've had mochas here, hot and cold, and chai tea lattes here, hot and cold. All were delicious, about the same price as you would find at Starbucks, but they have those cute little stickers for decorating your cup and I'm all about the stickers. They're usually seasonally themed and are always adorable. It's the little things, people.
4	Better coffee and oatmeal than the corporate behemoth down the street. The WiFi works fine for me, I'm sitting at the table right by the entrance and getting 7.8MBps download and 3.5MBps upload (ran speedtest) with the place 75% full. Great decor and open window too, will be back!
4	I was walking around and decided to try this place out. I asked for a recommendation on a type of ground coffee to take home. The ladies where very helpful and knowledgable. I love the coffee. Thank you.
5	Large, spacious, and study-friendly, with great coffee and pastry selection.  I love that they have the open garage door which lets in a lot of natural light on a sunny day, and the assortment of chairs, tables, benches, and couches means you get your pick.  The crowd is varied but a large part of the crowd seems to be doing work or studying.  A great place to chat, people watch, do homework...anything, pretty much.  The drip coffee is actually quite good, and if you want something sweet and frozen, they have frapp-like drinks as well.  Behind the second counter, you can get whole beans.
4	Always a sure bet for people watching. Great seasonal drinks. Basic coffee is just okay. The big couches are great!
4	The space is very large, with seating in the front and back, so it is ideal for studying for college and grad students. Not my favorite coffee in the city, but my favorite drink on the menu is the hot apple grogge seasonal in fall and winter. You can add caramel as well if you're feeling decadent. It's the perfect warming drink, with plenty of spice notes. Absolutely delicious.
4	This was my official neighborhood coffee shop while I lived right down the road on Walnut for 3 years. It's located right in the heart of Shadyside, and while some of the patrons are typical uppity Shadyside residents, the staff are very laid back and very cool. It's a big venue for a coffee shop, with a down stairs area with beautiful exposed brick and large opening windows that are great in the summer months, and also an upstairs area with many tables, a fireplace with sofas, and even a back private room people can rent out. The coffee and pastries have always been pretty good. One complaint I would have is (I don't know if they still do this) you could only have Wifi access for two hours with the purchase of an item. I understand the need for this, but if you plan to work here for most of the day you have to keep refilling or buying other items on the menu. I usually stop in when I'm shopping around Shadyside and miss it now that I've moved out of the neighborhood.  Also a great place for meeting with friends or a casual date.
4	Great place to study considering I've spent entire afternoons and evenings there cramming for exams. The staff is really friendly and if you get a ceramic mug refills for coffee are free!
3	The coffee is on par with the other chains in Pittsburgh. I liked the open storefront and the quiet study room in the back. Also, the barista was very friendly! I was displeased with the small tables, uncomfortable seating, and the dim lighting. The wifi has a 2 hour limit and disconnected from my device after very short idle periods.
4	Great place to read or just have a break from the day. Large bay doors are great for letting in sun and fresh air. Typical price range of Starbucks or Caribou with a similar layout as well.
4	Drinks: 3Decor: 4.5Ambiance: 5Service: 3.5Value: 4
4	The Coffee Tree Roasters is a great place to relax and enjoy your cup of coffee. When the weather is nice, they will open the front window which actually pulls up like a garage door. There is also free wifi so you can get your work done. I also love how they have stickers that I can place on my coffee cup to give it some personality. The ability to add stuff to your coffee is important and having a selection and availability is a good rule of judgement for coffee places. They offer cinnamon, nutmeg, chocolate, and sugar additions as well as simple syrup in a squeeze bottle and water and lemons. This place is my go to for some quiet reading and studying.
4	I have recently become a coffee shop bum (and my reviews are beginning to reflect this) but I enjoy this place. It definitely is busy (which is a good sign) but can be difficult to find a comfortable seat. The drinks are great and the staff is really friendly. Their late hours are ideal for students or those that just run better late at night. The fireplace and quiet room are cool additions to an already pretty neat space. The only thing I wish was a bit better was the wifi situation - luckily I was able to get a bunch done without the need for it. Definitely going to keep coming back here and enjoying the space/drinks!
3	It's very inconsistent here in terms of barista skills, unfortunately. Sometimes I get a great latte, sometimes a shitty, overly foamy latte (like today). It's also has a very corporate feel -- products, products everywhere. It could be so much better, and I really wish it was, since it's so close to home.
2	OMG. Mr. Barista. Your not in Seattle. I Live Pacific Northwest.  I'm not a coffee snob I can do with it or without it. But it seemed like I was absolutely bothering the staff this morning. Check the date.  Ordered mocha and a scone.  And got a look.  I'm not a shady side hipster but an average person in workout gear. Felt like I was in someone else's hood.  Get over yourselves people.  Your in Pittsburgh.
3	Good coffee and tea, as well as gluten free cookies. Great place to grab a quick coffee but very hard to find a place to sit! Don't even bother going there to read or write on a rainy Sunday morning..
3	Do you enjoy loud, cramped coffee shops? If so, this is the place for you. Whether it is 4 PM on a weekday afternoon or evening on a lazy Sunday, this place is always packed like a can of sardines. The coffee is great and the service friendly, but it is evident that you're in Shadyside. For a less crazy feel, head over to their Bakery Square location.Tip: try their Sumatra blend
3	Lots of seating area, open windows and coffee related gifts. I ordered the chai and wanted it without sugar but they gave me a sugar free version with sugar substitute.
5	These guys get 5 stars for the pure quality of drinks. A little bit pricier than Starbucks, but not by much.Try the Campfire Mocha. You'll thank me later.
4	Nice place to relax and get a bit of work done. Nothing pretentious, just a very casual atmosphere. The open "garage door" store front is a major plus. And the Campfire Mocha will blow your mind!
3	Coffee Tree Roasters is NOT a place to study and get work done.  It's a good place for an hour long meeting or something like that.  It's too loud for work, and the Wifi isn't very good.Essentially, Coffee Tree Roasters is even more expensive than Starbucks and barely better quality.  I don't get why people go to either chain, but they do.  I also didn't like the set up of this store.  I like the garage door that opens, but it's too long and narrow for my taste.  It's really busy, which is fine, but it feels really busy because people are constantly bumping into you.I wouldn't suggest coming here, but if someone wanted to meet here, I would not refuse to do so.
