2	Love Apple, but really don't love their stores.  This one is like a big old warehouse, and it was way too hot in there.  Again, I don't like their checkout system.  Too difficult to find someone to help.I really loved when we asked the cost of iWork and were told "It's $79 but only $30 if you buy a computer."  Oh, well then hook me up with a Mac Pro so I can save $49.  But most of all, I really appreciated the "genius" leaning on the counter yawning while he ran our card.
4	Best one yet. It's never ever crowded, which is rare. It's close by for me, awesome! Employees are ready to help and the checkout system is really cool. Will be returning.
4	This is a beautiful store. Its huge and spacious. The workers are friendly and helpful. You can't go wrong with cute, nerdy boys who help you fix things! :]
4	Stopped in to get a new iPad and was promptly greeted (even though the store was swamped).  Apple has nailed customer service.  Their employees are well educated, friendly, and not pushy when it comes to warranties and accessories.  In less than 10 minutes, I had my iPad in hand, and my "genius" offered me a tutorial if I wanted one.  Even cooler was the gadget he used to run my card.  When I was ready for my purchase, we walked to an available computer, entered some info and he scanned the box with his handheld gadget, which also ran my credit card.  He asked me if I wanted to get a print out of the receipt or just get it via e-mail (which is what I chose to do).  Awesome.BTW - iPad is fun as hell and great if you travel.  There's also a free Yelp app.  Woohoo!
1	So we purchased a non-3G iPad right when it came out and we were in and out of the store in 10 minutes... pretty easy and the service was fine.  Never owned an Apple product before, but we own a Managed IT firm where our customers are asking about using an iPad in place of an expensive mobile application for a core product that we sell.  Thought that the iPad's remote desktop apps might be able handle the system ok for our customers who are traveling.We called the Apple store prior to the 3G release to pick up another one for testing.  The Apple employee promised us that he would hold one for us - which, to his defense, he did.  Problem was that he threatened to sell it to someone else if we didn't show up precisely between 8pm and 9pm the day of the release.  Someone needs to tell that guy (Will?  Bill?) that high pressure sales tactics are passe.  They might work on people trying to buy a used Kia Sorento from Big Bob's car lot on Van Buren, but for a business owner who is considering doing more business with Apple as a core "move forward" direction of a growing company, it was probably not a good move.  We were so frustrated by the Apple employee's slimy tactics to try and strongarm us, that I think Apple's solutions are probably not the right fit for an enterprise environment that needs enterprise service.  Sorry Apple, perhaps this is where you're getting it wrong in the business application arena.
4	I love love love Apple products, and was soo excited when I heard they were opening up a new store at the Scottsdale Quarter.  No need to drive all the way down to the Biltmore or Chandler to get my Apple fix.  The Scottsdale Quarter location is by far my favorite.  It's new, sleek, and modern with windows all around - exactly what you think an Apple store should be.  Have been in on a few occasions, most recently to upgrade my Ipad to the 64 Wi-fi and 3G version.  I was expecting it to be a huge ordeal - but everyone was friendly and helpful.  The 3G version was backordered, so they put me on the priority list and within three days - my Ipad arrived. Super prompt.  The employees seem very eager to help, and for the most part, knowledgeable.  I would definitely choose this location over any others - and I'm sure I'll be paying them a visit once the new Iphone is out!  :)  The ONLY drawback to the store is the Scottsdale Quarters itself.  Because new businesses are moving in there is a bit of construction, and congestion/traffic can be kind of a pain.  They do have a parking garage though - so finding a spot is still relatively easy.
4	I had to check out the iPhone 4, so  went to the Apple Store,  Now I am not a Mac guy - all of my laptops and PC's are Windows, even though I have an iPhone.  So it was really interesting going into the store.  Between their laptops, iPhones, and iPads, I was impressed.  More importantly, they seem to have customer service - which cannot be said of Microsoft.  On entering the store, there is a greeter, that kind of steers you in the right direction.  After browsing their hardware, I wandered over  the Genius sections, where technicians helped people with their problems.  Now granted, Apple has it easy since they do limit their OS to their own hardware - the technicians do not have to know the ins and outs of all the different computers or their incompatibilities - they just have to deal with hardware and software they are familiar with.  But they did appear knowledgeable, and did have very good social skills in dealing with people. Not only that, if it was something that was easily solved, there was no charge.It was refreshing.  There was no high pressure sales persons, just staff that were proud of their products, and eager to show them off.  Now I have to go to the Microsoft store and see how it compares!!
1	Make sure you fully back up before you go.  I have just lost years of pictures and work files during a simple transfer from an imac to a macbook pro.  Very helpful when you are buying, but after what a nightmare.  After I bought I had to make and appointment to have my files transferred, still waited a short while, had to come back to pick up my computers.  Noticed that they only transfered part of my pictures, plus some weird looking icons were now at the end of the pictures they did transfer on the new mac.  Boxes were popping up also I had never seen before.  All the right files were still on my imac, they just hadn't transferred right.  Was told I would have to leave it again (mind you this is my work computer), but that they would fix it and it would be no problem.  Since I could not get back to the store I had my son pick it up for me.  When I got home tonight and hooked it up, now I have half of my picture files gone from both computers.  This is probably over 2 years worth of photos and work gone. There is a lot more all of the sudden going wrong, but bottom line is I took in a good computer to have files transfered to a brand new very expensive MacBookPro, only to find that my imac is all messed up.  This place is so crazy busy that I think they probably don't have enough qualified people doing work on things.  This should have been a very simple process.  I could have done it, but I was busy and thought it would save me some time.  I don't have the time to waste running back and forth, plus the imac is too big and heavy for me to carry, I have to get someone to come with me to help.   Shame on me for not having a back-up, hard lesson to learn, but don't ever trust anything important to Apple.  Just a number at that store, and I wouldn't call the people transferring files 'Genius'
5	What a great and educated bunch of employees!!! I went in somewhat clueless about iMacs and walked out feeling extremely confident with my newly purchase.  Everyone is so inviting & helpful.  They all seem very passionate about their jobs & products.  No one works on commission so you know they are not going to oversell you.  Overall great experience!
4	I had an accident with my new iPhone 4 (it decided to take a bath) and after drying it for two days, it was completely dead. I had only had it for two weeks, so I decided to bite the bullet, and buy a new one.  I set up a genius appointment at the Apple Store, and went in expecting to be out some serious cash.  I was up front about the water damage with my assigned technician, and she was quite helpful - in fact, after checking my account, and seeing that I had been a long time iPhone user, and had just upgraded, she managed to get me a new iPhone at no charge.  Thanks to the Apple Store and thanks to Madison. Great customer service!!
5	I LOVE apple...thanks Denise for taking such good care of me today, no wonder I've converted and won't go back.  :) Can't wait for my next genius bar visit...hopefully it's not for my phone again ;)  Oh and this store is so pretty...I loved the architecture and feel of it, the biltmore store can be a little stuffy at times, but you didn't get that feel at the Scottsdale Quarter even though the store was packed.  Thanks Apple!!
3	I've grown to like Apple, though I've always thought their products were priced on the rich side.  When we lived in Seattle there was a Microsoft bias, but a large group of us all had Apple iPhones.  And that is a key part to the Apple story.  You buy the iPhone and then the next thing you know, you're looking at iPads.  The Genius Bar is fun and very helpful when things go wrong; like when my new phone duplicating one calendar entry 341 times.  I had to bring in my Win-Tel PC into the Genius Bar and in the end we had to delete MobileMe to fix it.   But, absolutely great, GREAT customer service!!!I love my new iPhone 4, and I've had Blackberries for 14 years!  Maybe when they add FaceTime to the iPads, I'll belly up to the Genius Bar.
5	I love this store. Great employees, fantastic service, and free smartwater. :pI go to this store quite often, considering that I'm an Apple fan, and even waited in line for 16 hours, in order to get the new iPhone 4.Once, I went to the genius bar and asked what they could do about the palm rest of my macbook, which was breaking, and they said that they'd fix it. I gave them my number and they said they would call back as soon as possible. The next day, they call me and say that it's ready. I go and pick the macbook up, and to my surprise, they replaced ALL of my casing when the palm rest was the only area that needed work. very nice people working there that really care for your products. Would definitely recommend.
1	I love! Love! Love! Apple/Mac products, but when a cox tech came into my home accused me of killing their hard drive on their DVR and then went into my Mac laptop after this store put in a new opperating system a couple months before I thought they would support their product and not be a corporate butt kisser and side with cox. But minutes after the tech left I found the computer was left on, when I correctly logged off and turned off my computer and tried to turn the computer it would not boot-up. I then took my laptop to this store.  My laptop was in this stores trusted hand with their supposed geniuses and they could not even start up my laptop. Three days later I came in picked up my now dead computer and left. About a week later I went to the locally owned I-store and they started up mu laptop with a disc but I was told that my hard drive was dying. With still no support from the Corperate butt kissers I called apple tech support and asked if it was possible for a cox tech to kill my computer and finally got a semi-straight answer as it is possible. The moral of this review is that I will always buy Apple/Mac products because of their superior technology,  but will not trust their corporate minded  people to go to bat for me when it comes to them standing up against other corporations and not the people that they depend on for their bread and butter. I am disabled and can not afford to pay thousands of dollars for a replacement computer. I am on the other hand going to take cox communication to court. And I have never lost in any case I have brought to court!!!! Wish me luck.                                                    Suzanne Ciskowski
1	I went in to get an iPad case and I got more help and  info from other shoppers than I did from the staff. And checking out? A pain in the arse. No one wanted to take my money! Finally one associate told me to see any blue shirt in the front of the store, bc they have handheld scanners, but I couldnt catch any of them! It was ridiculous! Finally a woman I had overheard telling people she was just "directing traffic" noticed how perplexed I was and rang me up. Thankfully so, as I was about to just give up and hit another apple or just shop online.If you are going to play with all the toys and gadgets, you'll be fine, just be prepared to tackle someone when you're ready to actually buy something!
3	I stopped in Monday morning to get some help with my iPhone.  They were slammed and it took me a while to get someone's attention to make an appointment at the Genius bar.The technician did a good job of helping me fix my problem.Then, I had to fight again to get someone to help me pay for my purchase.Not such a good first and last customer impression when it is so hard to get someone to help me in the store.
4	Good upscale location for store. I've been to Apple stores in four states...this one seemed to have some quality of service issues on one of my visits (out of four). I thought that  maybe was a random issue.
5	Had to have some reset on the iPhone. Came out of Ipic movies and the  store was just closing, but the lady at the door offered to set up an appointment for me the next day...really nice since they were closed. Came back the next day, waited 10 minutes - only 5 minutes later than the 11:10 appointment I had and they fixed it quick and easy! Thanks Eric and the lady the night before ( so sorry I forgot her name),
4	It is ALWAYS fun & enlightening to visit an Apple Store as their employees are ALWAYS so helpful!.....now this store is somewhat small and has "sleepy Scottsdale" hours of opporation.....opening at noon on Sunday???!!!!.... How 1965 of them.....used to the exceptional hours at the store on  767 5th Avenue in NYC and their 24/7.....but you CAN schedule genius classes as early as 9:00......so all in all another great Apple Store experience and Will be back for iPad 2 next week!
4	Was at the launch of the iPad 2 on Friday.  Was very impressed with the service, organization, and thought that went into those waiting in the very long line.  I have never in my life waited in line for a toy, and there I was with my folding nylon chair at 2pm in the sun waiting behind about 130 people.  By 4pm, there was at least 200 more behind me.  The Apple staff would frequently come up and down the line offering bottled water, gatorade, and ice tea.  Not to mention passing out giant umbrellas with apple logos on them to everyone who was in the sun. Very nice touch.  Keep everyone comfortable so they don't leave-lolEveryone in line is in a great mood, even though it rough to wait and melt in the AZ sun.  At 5pm sharp, the whole staff runs out yelling and hooting and the line moves relatively FAST! They were very efficient with their relay style way of ordering and checking out.  I love my iPad!  Yay!!!
3	Of course an Apple Store is an Apple Store, but this one is beautiful.  Huge, soaring high ceilings, tons of natural light, and fully stocked.I was there the day of the iPad 2 launch (not there for the iPad, just on the same day) just to browse.  Saw the requisite line of 'opening day' folks on the side of the building, with their friendly neighborhood Apple Store employees passing out snacks and drinks.  Love that.
5	As always I have to check out the local apple store!This one is so nice, large and the staff very friendly and able to help you with anything.
3	All apple stores for the most part are spacious....well lit....products well displayed....and friendly professional service.. this one is no different. Now with all that being said the prices are horrible for what they are....so please for all you apple lover's realize you can do better with your money. A matter of fact I am taking donations...if you just have money to waste or give away....Thanks. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
4	We recently stopped into the Apple store after months and months of research and picked up a new iMac.  We knew the computer would be awesome.We chose this one instead of Arrowhead (we are about equal distance from both) because we could just walk out and put it in the car, instead of having to lug it through a mall with all to see.  The people were pretty good, we went in once before to look at the computer before buying and the sales rep that helped us actually talked us down from buying a more expensive model, that saved us about $400. They even took it out and set it up with us in the store so it was just plug and go once we got home.
2	Lots of people to help but too busy talking to each other...so, I left...
5	APPPLLLEEEEE!!!!! I heart you. You are the best. This is my version of shopping heaven. The buzzing people in their pretty blue shirts are my angels. Clean. Easy. Fun (you can play with all the shiny objects). Stress-less. I think it is exactly that fun experience that always leaves me a few dollars lighter when i walk out. So, if you are not prepared to spend money on these wonderful gadgets, my best advice is to leave your wallet at home.
2	Good God. This store is a mess. I'm giving it two stars because it has everything I need. This is me being generous.I came in to buy a new case for my iPhone, which turned into buying two new cases (one for my new "let's run a marathon for a charity venture"). I was exhausted from a stressful morning, so I wasn't quite with it....so I am putting the onus on "Silvia", the Apple "Specialist" who was "helping" me. Help is putting it mildly. I had to deal with her typical condescending attitude (yes, I know...it's an Apple store).In any case, she proceeded to sell me two iPod touch cases without correcting me. If I had a normal day, I would've picked up on it, but I was put through the ringer in earlier in the day. "Silvia" should've known better than to sell me two different iPod touch cases for my iPhone4. There was one positive though. She did help get my phone out of it's current case, which was a bit challenging, but then she undid her kind deed by complaining about how she chipped her nail to other customers and blamed me for it while I walked away. This morning, I came back, to return my cases. I saw "Silvia", but I chose to go with another "Specialist", who was happy to take care of me. This "Specialist" then informed all the other "Specialists" that they need to keep an eye on what they are selling, and make sure it's for the right item.To the new "Specialist": Thank you. To "Silvia": I hope you took a lesson from this.Eliteness....
5	I don't know how anyone doesn't love an Apple Store! It's like a technology playground inside. You may have to pay more for Apple products, but the customer service is second to none. Let me explain through my story as briefly as I can.... My girlfriend's iPhone 3GS died. It worked fine at 3:30pm Friday afternoon, but when we got home and she took it out of pocket at 8:00pm it was dead. She called AT&T to look into what she could. She argued with a customer service person (they were worthless since her contract wasn't up for renewal for 10 more days.. she pointed out that it would be cheaper to cancel her plan and get a new iPhone 4 through Verizon, and they still wouldn't budge). They even blamed Apple for not being able to be more flexible, but we soon learned that was simply passing the buck. The next morning we called Apple. Even being on hold with Apple is a better experience. The music is a pleasant mix, mostly from the 60's and 70's (a lot of Beatles!), and a recording consistently told you the exact number of calls ahead of us. We spoke to someone who arranged an appointment at the Genius bar, told us they'd look at it for free and find a solution even though the phone was past its warranty and she didn't purchase AppleCare. We even ended up running late, and it turns out it's really easy to schedule and reschedule appointments on the store's web site. At the bar, we happened to get the same guy we spoke to on the phone. He was obviously one of the better people in the store (I wish I could remember his name because he deserves high praise), because other Geniuses kept asking him questions to help their customers. He found that there was nothing he could do for the phone, so he called it a battery swap, gave my girlfriend a brand new iPhone 3GS, and swapped out the SIM Card, so we wouldn't have to renew her contract. That was just $80 (vs the hundreds that AT&T wanted to charge). In addition to this, I walked around the store and enjoyed looking at all the products, and talking to several employees about them. The place was slammed but there were dozens of employees standing around, each of them either showing a group how to use something, or just striking up random conversations with customers. All of them look genuinely happy to be working there (unlike most retail stores), and none of them pressured you into doing anything else other than browsing. With the exception of an old iPod, I don't actually own any Apple products at this time. But I've been looking into getting a new laptop, and now I know I'm getting a MacBook.
5	Genius Bar always teaches me something I don't know about my itouch. My battery life wasn't lasting at all - somehow I had turned on my bluetooth, also had at least 100 apps running at the same time, and he got my hotmail working - fast, good, friendly. Amazing. Never had a unamazing time here - just book at appointment on line and they'll never be more than 5 min late. Love this store...;)
3	Neat store.  I am a PC, but I did enjoy playing with all the toys.  The store was pretty busy.  I found it surprising that we were not greeted.  I would go back for another look when the store isn't so busy.
1	They should rename the Genius Bar to the Halfwit Bar.  Seriously they throw Genius around way too liberally.  Google yields more helpful information than the simple condescending clowns  Scottsdale Quarter is offering up.I love Macs, but don't waste your time at Scottsdale Quarter.  They have had to replace two of their $5,000 giant glass doors already because they piss people off so much.
4	This Apple Store is a cut above the rest, for sure. First of all, it is noticeably larger than all other Apple Stores in Metro Phoenix. When you enter, you do not feel claustrophobic like you do when you go to the Apple Store in the Chandler Fashion Center, for example. The one thing that makes this review not 5 stars is the fact that it takes them a few minutes to realize you need help. I've frequented this location several times, and the minimum amount of time that it takes an Apple Rep to help me is 5 minutes. This is particularly annoying, especially when I already know what I want to buy. Now, the fact that you can buy / check out at any place in the store makes the overall shopping time not terribly long... But regardless, if they could improve the wait time, they will see another 5 star review.
4	Customer service is awesome!  Secret is:  Make sure you make an appointment before coming in especially if you are needing help at the Genius Bar.  However, if you come during the week, you may get lucky and you will be accommodated.  Staff members are great, always smiling and willing to help out.  Good selections of accessories for all Apple products, some more pricey than online stores.  Advantage of buying the accessory at an Apple Store is a staff member will gladly install or help you out with it.  It's all good...
1	The store is great if you either already know what you want, already know a LOT of various product offerings, OR are willing to figure it out yourself by reading all the information placed near each product. *note* you also have to figure out HOW to navigate through that information.I went in there on a Wednesday night, wasn't even busy. 4 guys 20-somethings standing around talking about their weekends. Not one of them said hello or offered to help me. Went to the genius counter where the girl told me just to go interrupt them and tell them I need help REALLY? I have to do that!? That is non-existant customer service.The boy who 'helped' me, made it very clear to me that I was an interruption of his time hangin' with his co-worker friends. I told him what I needed and he was only willing to answer yes or no questions. I don't know what I don't know, so figuring out WHAT to ask was frustrating for me. When I asked if there were any accessorries for a certain product; he pointed to a HUGE wall of accessories. I went over there and couldn't make heads or tales which ones were for the product I was looking at. There were accessories for everything over there it seemed to me. I finally got frustrated and much to their delight, left the store. I still really want an iPad I think, but I don't want to buy it and have NO help with it. I could go to Target and get one, but I just thought that the Apple store would provide more insight than Target. I was wrong.The twenty-somethings that work in there are not the least bit interested in helping anyone that doesn't just want them to go get a product for them to ring up. They couldn't care less if you're there or not. They are Apple, that's all they feel is needed.
1	they charge a 10% restocking fee. The employees will not tell you about it till you bring the item back, even if you ask about the return process.
4	Well, this is where I got my iPad, and I am hooked of all Apple products.  Yes, they are expensive, but they are so cool.  I am amazed to see little kids playing with the iPads and computers, I am sure they are a lot more tech savvy than me.
4	I was very impressed by the fact that they took their time trying to diagnose a problem I was having with my macbook. Although I waited a good 15 minutes for my appointment, they spent a good half an hour trying to fix my issue, without charging me anything. Love to just hang out at the store somethings too.
5	I had great service here and I would definitely go back.
2	They not only failed to fix the problems with my computer, but they crashed the drive in the process. I walked out having paid for a new drive, new memory, and come home to discover the problem with my computer still exists.This apple store is filled with distracted, spun out, mediocre employees whose best skills must lie somewhere outside the field of their employment. Their heir of entitlement impedes their work ethic, and makes for lazy, half ass jobs from people who, in past eras, would be genuinely thrilled to help you.I brought my computer in dec 24th, stayed for two hours as the techie assured me that i was wrong about my computer and that it was an easy fix. His solutions only exacerbated the problems, and so he kept the machine for a deep, 24 test of the SOFTWARE. this is what he told me- they would be testing the SOFTWARE, along with general hardware issues. He said I should have it back by the 26th.I called mid day the 26th. The operator seemed confused by my call. "OH!...uh yeah they are still fixing it"  TRANSLATION: They had not even started.Keep in mind, I told them from HOUR ONE that i was leaving for New York on Thursday, the 29th, so i had to resolve the issues by then or make arrangements to ship.Basically, i spent the next few days...all the way up to ONE HOUR from going to the airport, on the phone with them, dealing with what they actually did, s what they SAID they would do. No one in the store seemed to be communicating with each other.I even had to remind them to install snow leopard, not leopard...which is what i had installed on the drive before it failed. "your computer is ready!" oh, wiat, no its not, because you didnt bother to see what OS was on there before you installed the new drive. thanks.After buying a new hard drive, and new memory, the two things their Geniuses said were causing the problem, I come home to find that my computer still has the same issues. I'm not sure I understand how the software could have passed this amazing 24 hour test they did. I'd place a rich bet that they got distracted in their testing, and once they found problem X and Y, they did not complete the mission, and thus I am left with less money, less time, and less patience with apple and anyone who is not interested in delivering excellent customer service.Save the beer bong and speed pills for after hours. Pride in your work should not be a sentiment only found in history books
1	I went in and asked if I could get my computer that was repaired. The employee responded with, "I don't know, can you?"His response was rude  and very uncomfortable. He then made me wait for 25 minutes as he continued to just stand around. Once again, terrible experience. Do NOT go to this store.
5	I've never come across such friendly people. The Genii that work there are amazing and very knowledgeable. You can also find help if you're willing to ask. Just don't be one of those people that just walks around waiting to be helped and you'll have a great experience.
5	This is a huge upgrade from my experience at the Chandler location!  The people working here are so friendly and helpful.  They make sure you leave satisfied and no ridiculously long wait times (This is why I love all things Scottsdale).  I had a continuing issue with my laptop and was fed up.  Needless to say, they fixed the problem permanently!  Shoutout to Justin (my Q-boro homie), Adam the manager and Otthman(sorry for the spelling).  You guys are the bestest! :D
4	After switching from a 1stgen iPhone to a Dell phone, I really never needed to get back into an apple store, until I realized I want to play 7000 songs in my car and not put it on my phone.  So I ended up getting a new iPod.  Well, I got the iPod, now I just needed the wire to make it sounds nice n purdy in my car- thats where this trip came into play.Easily visible from the street (a pretty cool glass building, very modern), this is a pretty swanky place!  There is an underground parking deck across the street (free) if you wonder where to stash the wheels.This store is spacious, and loaded with iGeeks (is that what they are called?).  Thankfully I found the wire I needed, but the next question, where in the hell do I checkout?  I took 2 laps, and then I realized the iGeeks check you out with their phones/scanner/whoknowswhatelsethatthingcando.  I thought that was pretty cool, I just wish it was clearly marked where to check out (thankfully the wire didn't weigh too much).I could only imagine what that place looked like this morning with the arrival of the new iPads...
5	This will probably be my shortest review ever: Best place, best products, best service any where, by far. Every business should emulate the way Apple does anything. Once a Mac, you'll never look back.
5	Always makes me happy to come here! Great product launch experiences, nice geniuses, and friendly managers and business assistants.
3	I really dislike the Apple Store:1.) They have a dumb policy where you have to make an appointment even for a minor tech question. They will literally refuse to help you even if there is NO ONE waiting. Of course there are sales people who will SELL you something but if you pull out your product for tech help -- "Nope, please make an appointment even if you just need me to answer 1 teeny tiny question."2.) So you make said appointment where they rush through your tech issues. Wait, didn't I make an appointment so you could spend the so called designated half-hour with me? I understand I won't be given a half-hour to start up a conversation about the craziness that is the Windows Store and my, what a rip-off of the Apple Store that place is...but please, can someone just spend like 15 minutes answering my questions. FAIL in customer service. 3.) I may be a germaphobe but all the hundreds of hands touching the products and no hand sanitizer in sight? YUCK. GO HERE AT YOUR OWN RISK. I love Apple Products and have an iMac, Macbook Pro, and iPhone 4 but I loathe this store. So yes, it gets 3 stars because of Apple's fantastic products but only 3. I would rather order my stuff online and peruse the mac forums for help. PLUS: Valet is right outside... but who valets to go the Apple Store?
4	Above and beyond customer service and a quick buying experience.  I would definitely go back to purchase additional Apple products and for in-store learning opportunities.  I highly recommend this store to others.
1	Great product, store always tremendously busy. However, the representative who assisted me was arrogant, disinterested with a HUGE attitude. No reason for bad behavior in a sales environment. My experience was certainly not a pleasant one.
5	Took my brand new Retina Macbook Pro in for service because of a minor issue I was having.  So, after waiting 3 days of having it gone for "repair" I got pretty anxious to get it back.I called the Apple store not 5 minutes ago where I was in contact with Amy, a genius specialist. Not only did Amy tell me exactly where my computer was in its repair process, but also every detail about what they did, they measures they're taking to be sure it works, and also doing an entire diagnostic of the computer to make sure everything is fluid.Can't say enough about how friendly all the staff and support have been, not only with this situation, but in all my other needs too.-Brad
1	Went in today at 11am to check out the iPad 3 and consider buying one. The staff where friendly, cheerful and attentive. As this was not an impulse purchase I left to do some other shopping and get smoothie from across the road at Press Coffee Roasters.I returned at 1.30pm having decided to make the purchase. The shop floor was very busy as you would expect at that time. I was waiting around for 10 minutes until I approached one of the sales staff, who politely and respectfully told me he was serving another customer and someone would be with me shortly.I then noticed a sales girl across at another table idling, I asked if I could purchase an iPad 3 and she politely told me she was assigned to a different area. She then came back and said there was three people ahead of me.I then waited at the front of the store for a further 15 minutes watching a dedicated member of staff greet customers as they arrived.I wasn't requiring help in setting up a device, I just wanted to buy it and leave. I guess I am a bit too niche a customer for an Apple Store.Will try again when they are less busy.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS STORE. The employees have no idea what they are talking about, are extremely arrogant and rude. I wanted my computer to be fixed, however was told I spilled liquid on the computer, which is false. I tried to explain I did no such thing. Instead of doing diagnostics on my computer, the employee by the name of Justin, (short man, with an elitist attitude, with really dumb mustache tattoo on his finger) told me my computer was broken. He quickly assumed there was no hope. This made me extremely upset, afteral, my expensive machine was beyond repair...(in his opinion--which actually means nothing..I'll get to that soon..) I returned to speak with another employee by the name of RT who was extremely helpful and friendly. He told me the issue could be fixed with a replaced battery. Well, the battery was replaced, however it still did not work. I returned to replace my charger. After standing in line, the man in charge of check ins did not take me next, instead chose the man who clearly came after me..can you say, sexist? RT is one of three employees that i actually respect at this location. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AT SCOTTSDALE QUARTER APPLE STORE. If you get lucky and happen to get RT, an older man (I don't know the name of) and another young man, then yes, you are lucky. But if not, be ready to face the worst, disrespectful and seemingly untrained workers ever. I love apple, but do not love the "workers"
3	Nice store, but now after a couple visits here, I actually drive 25 min to the Chandler store because they always seem to have more friendly, helpful employees. Enough said. With 3 iPhones, 3 iPads and 3 MacBooks in our family I've always had a pleasant experience in Chandler.
5	Thank you Becca for your outstanding help. I bought an I phone 4 at Verizon.Thanks to the Apple staff person for making me glad I did.Final score 3 trips 1 phone call to Verizon and one visit to Apple .Thanks to Verizon too.
1	Wow!  first i read Yelp reviews about rude people working at the Scottsdale Apple retail store.   My immediate thought was "yeah RIGHT" - how can retail employees be rude to customers?!Two answers:1) Apple    (Apple seems to have an invitation only cult following)2) Scottsdale  (Scottsdale has a snob reputation anyways)When i first entered the store, i wandered around for 10 minutes looking for somebody to help me.  Finally I managed to talk to the guy up front.  His advice was go to wander around and find somebody to help me!Ok i finally found somebody to help me.  Hmmm  now l learn i cannot buy an Apple Desktop from the store because they have none to sell me.  And I cant get one ANYWHERE in the state of Arizona.   Can i buy the floor model?  No, thats against apple store policy to have an empty space out there on the floor!   Needless to say, i left empty handed.  Somehow my old windows-7 box didn't look so bad after all!
1	My husband purchased a very expensive desktop for me for my birthday.When we set it up, we had difficulty with my emails not being received, as well as a few other issues. I packed it up and brought it into the store where it was purchased, looking for assistance with set up.The staff was polite, but for the first 30 minutes the 'team' was feverishly trying to sell me programs for the computer. They were really giving me the hard sell to buy all of these programs at an additional fee. One of the guys even asked me to pull up and show him photos of mine on the internet. Every time, I mentioned trying to 'fix' the issue of email first, they kept steering me towards purchasing additional items or a more expensive computer.After the wheeling and dealing of the clearly commission based staff, I had to be rude and say, "Look, I just want my computer to receive my email!"I was told that, my husband should have set that all up in the store at the time of purchase and that NOW it would cost an additional $200 for any assistance!!Basically I had to tell them to effoff and now I have a very expensive dust collector at my house.Apple customer service blows.
1	I gave it one star only because I did not know how to give it zero or negative.Went in to get one specific item.  It took twenty minutes to find-out they were out of stock.  Had to talk to three different employees to get an answer.Store is understaffed, under inventoried and staffing is incredibly disorganized.  Got a lot of "not my job" from the employees and they did not seem to know who's job it is..  Apple - most of your customers consider their time valuable; if you don't figure that out soon your business is going to suffer mightily.
2	This store - this store representing Apple - has seriously jumped the shark!Everytime I go here - which lately has been FAR too often - I've wanted to pull my freaking hair out in agony. Let me add a disclaimer that there are a few decent people in this store. That said, give me a break! This place is awful and most of the reps are so wrapped up in their 'systems' and protocols, they've seriously forgotten why they're instituted in the first place. The store is incapable and uninterested in delivering excellent customer service outside of a "protocol" or in any given moment, and as far as going the "extra mile" to deliver for the customer: Forget It! In fact "extra" would not be included in a "step" and therefore, not possible.  I've had a problem with my NEW MacBook and let me tell you, it's been a NIGHTMARE to deal with. I finally thought it was over & resolved but alas, no such luck. They've under delivered once again. To say I'm infuriated is an understatement. Let's see if/how they make this right. Cause WOW... there sure has been a lot that's been wrong. In fact, that's the worst part. Nobody seems to give a ****. It's unbelievable. So ya, we'll see..
5	The staff are always friendly, always helpful, and solve problems.  Be prepared to be patient as this is a very popular store.  Making an appointment first is a good idea if you are visiting for problem solving.Parking at this location is not so convenient, but such is life in the big city.
4	Located at the Scottsdale Quarter, this is the most convenient Apple Store for me.  I have many Apple products and enjoy coming in to test drive before I buy.  The first time I've ever used the Genius Bar was at this location....but I had a subpar experience with it.  My iPhone was having issues with it's power bar status and the kid at the Genius Bar told me to backup my iPhone and reset it but don't add back all my apps....basically, start over and add back the apps 1 by 1....seriously?!  Who's going to do that?  Well, I didn't and waited for the next IOS update, guess what...?  Yep, it fixed the issue.....ridiculous.I guess I will only come here to buy products and I'll figure out any issues on my own.Return Factor - 80%
5	The girlfriend and I stopped by the Apple Store today while running some errands in Scottsdale. Her year old MacBook Pro was having problems cooling down and decided that it was time to get it checked out. We were greeted by the ever pleasant staff at the front door, and then we directed to the Genius bar where we were advised that we may have to leave the computer/schedule an appointment. I never mind this since you are guaranteed time with a tech to answer all of your questions, and in my eyes is a great way to deal with customers. We reached the genius bar and were brought to the attention of Justin. We explained the problem and without a second thought were asked to sit down. Justin took the MacBook and plugged it into the diagnostic system while having another conversation with the customer sitting next to us that was having difficult transferring data from an old computer to a new MacBook. Justin bounced back and forth between us and the other customer, keep us all very entertained and giving us some side tips and tricks to help us enjoy our Macs even more. Justin deserves the credit more so than Apple. Apple trains all of their staff to be awesome and knowledgable, however there are just some people-skills you just can't teach. Great Job Justin! We will be frequenting this store to see you and hopefully more staff like you!
5	I love apple. This store is very aesthetic. Took my phone here for warranty and they took care of it. I had an appointment and they got me in and out!!
5	I am a PC.  I hated that Apple products just looked cooler, felt solid and cost so dang much.  And I refused to drink the Kool-Aid.Fast forward to 2013 and a new job, where Macs are on every desk.  Being surrounded by aluminum and a ridiculous number of pixels, I thought it was time to maybe sample the Kool-Aid.  I was introduced to the Apple business team and they went out of their way to make sure I got a good swig of what they were selling.I put them through the paces in the store and on the phone...numerous times.  The average conversation lasted 45 minutes.  Yet no matter how stupid my questions or concerns were, they never got pushy, never seemed irritated and always showed me respect.  So I made the leap and ordered a custom build MacBook Pro.  After waiting 2 weeks for it to be built in China and shipped to the US, I gingerly extracted my new baby, powered it up and...the trackpad didn't work.  WTF?!?  I tried everything I could to get it to work and after 2 hours of frustration and anger, stormed to the Apple store to shove it up their...and you know what they did?  They took it back, ordered a new one and gave me a "loaner."  Wow.  Last time my PC was DOA, I had to fight Best Buy for a new one.  Not here; every single employee who heard my plight came up and apologized for the inconvenience.  While waiting for delivery of my actual MacBook, I was told Apple had just lowered their prices and now had the exact spec'd MacBook I wanted in store (no more custom build).  They said I could just walk in, return the loaner, pick up a brand spanking new MacBook, and they would credit me the difference.  The service and assistance I get at this Apple store is far and away better than any other electronics store I've been in; including the Microsoft and Sony (when it was open) stores.  I can't say that I am hooked on the Mac Kool-Aid (I still run a PC concurrently at the office and I run Parallels on my Mac)...after all, I am still a PC.
3	Wow! I sat at the Genius Bar for 20 minutes before I was even acknowledged. The kid who help me was very nice though. But come on Apple you're already falling short in sales. The least you could do is encourage your stores to provide good customer service. You are already being slammed in the news for how inappropriate your staff is...
1	I can't express how awful this store is. don't go to this location. drive to any other location!  the staff is useless. no one knows what they are doing. they just wander around looking down at their iPads trying to avoid customers it seems. and if you get Mackenzie just walk away. . someone should really punch him already.
5	I had a rough start to my experience at this store. I knew I was going to be late to my Genius Bar appt. I called in on my way from Tempe and the lady said she'd make a note on my appt but it was ok.When I got there, a red-headed lady attempted to check me in. Once she found out I was late she started arguing with me and tried sending me to another store so I walked out angry. In the parking lot I called the store again to complain about what happened.They had me go back in to speak with a manager who squeezed me in as soon as she could and the lead technician got my MacBook Pro in for repair.Apple came through after almost losing me as a customer today. Thanks.
1	I love Apple products but I hate their retail customer service. I've been here several times and it's always a nightmare. The "geniuses" aren't really that bright and they don't care about customer service. They would rather be talking to each other or checking out the eye candy. All the employees are slow and have no sense of urgency.
5	Love the apple store. love apple products. love the screens on the windows so during the hot AZ summer your not feeling super hot as if you were outside inside of the store. super clean 24/7 and customer service is awesome. got my macbook air 13 inch from here and the customer service and the help they gave me was outstanding. lots of employees which makes it easy if you have a lot of questions. always crowded whenever i go but that doesn't effect the employees not pay attention to all customers.
5	Apple Store in Scottsdale was great!  I shattered my iPhone5 screen and operating system while riding my motorcycle.  I had no warranty or extended coverage.  The Genius Desk was terrific!  Steve was awesome to work with, and he provided several options - either just replace the screen or the entire phone.  I was amazed at the discounted price that I could replace my entire phone, plus I was able buy the extended coverage to protect me and my motorcycle rides for another 1.5 years.  It was quick and the service was awesome.  The guys were great - lots of fun talking to them.  I sincerely appreciated the help, the price and the speed in which I could replace my iPhone5.  In truth, I was thinking of swapping my older iPad for a Samsung tablet.  But because of this support and Apple standing behind its service and product even when I did not buy the extended coverage, I will be back in late 2013 when the new iPads may be available to purchase an iPad.  You just can't beat the service and support of Apple.Thanks!
5	I scheduled an appointment at 5:40 and John was on time. He was patient and he helped me load all my music on my iPod. He was helping other apple owners as well. He was able to help all of us at the same time. If you have ANY problems request to meet with John. He knows exactly what he's talking about. He's kinda like Steve jobs but younger. Smart guy!
1	Avoid this store and go to the Chandler Mall store if you care about quality service. The sales clerks at this store stand around and chat with each other rather than asking if you need help. We were planning on purchasing two Macbook Airs and 3 sales clerks were chatting with one another at the display table next to us. They were not working but  showing each other pictures on their phones. The store was not busy. When we finally got a clerk to help us, she acted as if she was too busy to offer any service. There was a sense of entitlement in the clerks and they didn't feel like it was their job to offer you service.  We got the hint and rather than waste our time begging for service, we went to the Apple Store in the Chandler Mall. Just as we predicted, someone approached us and asked if we needed help. The clerk spent more than enough time with us and we bought our Macbooks from him. The Chandler store was busier than this store yet that didn't stop them from providing great service.This is not the first time I've experienced bad service at this particular location. I prefer to purchase Apple products from the Chandler store but we were waiting to see a movie at the iPic and had some time to burn. Sure enough, the predictably lousy service was there and we decided to walk out and buy our Macbooks at the Chandler store. I'm curious if a manager is even present to observe their employees standing around and chatting with each other.
1	Made an appt for the Genius Bar and still waited 30 minutes to be seen. The guy I dealt with was nice enough but didn't listen to my concerns and I left without the problem being fixed. Went to the arrowhead store and Sean listened to me and had my problem fixed ASAP. It was actually a bad charger, which is what I thought but the first guy refused to test it and told me there was no way that could be the problem. Won't be back to this location.
5	I used to be a PC guy cause I thought Apple products were way over priced compared to other products. Somehow I converted. Started out with an iMAC which grew to getting my kids MacBooks. Same computers with no issues. No bugs. Amazing. Anyways, now my family has the iPhone 5 and I have the iPhone 4S. I swear by Apple now and i tell everyone to always purchase the Apple Care. The best protection care package you can ever buy. My son likes to go in there any play with all of the new products. Very nice to give everyone a chance to play and experience the Apple way. I have made online appointments for the Genius Bar for problems with our MacBook and iPhone. If you take care of your products and have an issue usually they will replace it. We've had iPhones replaced and even had our MacBook fix. Never had an issue. Their staff is always friendly, helpful and most importantly they are very patient. We even came in for small questions and didn't have an appointment. The floor staff help resolve our issue. Very cool. You pay for what you get. I feel its the best product out there for computers to phones. I just love the iCloud backup i never lose any data from my phone. I love this store and glad they opened one on my side of town.
5	Everyone there was helpful and patient. They could not have been more professional and friendly.
5	Have come in multiple times to this store to buy products and to visit the Genius Bar.  Most recently, I had issues installing my Microsoft Office onto my Macbook, so I decided to see if the Apple Store could help since I had purchased the program there.  I was that guy who showed up at 6:50 PM on Saturday when the store closes at 7 PM.   Despite the unfortunate timing, the Apple associate was fantastic.  He sat down with me for a good 20 minutes troubleshooting.  After that didn't work, he ended up using Microsoft's customer service chat (because we couldn't find a phone number to save our lives) to resolve the problem.  Seeing him work with the Microsoft professional made it very clear who had the better customer service, and knowledge of the product.  Microsoft had to remotely control my computer to go ahead and install the program, which eventually worked.  I was hesitant to have the remote control installed on my computer, but the Apple associate explained exactly how it would happen and told me I wasn't going to leave until all downloaded programs were deleted to ease my mind.This is just one of the many times the Apple Store has helped me.  They are efficient, understanding, and will take the time to properly dissect the problem and not try to hit a quota of customers helped that day.  If you have any computer issues, go to this store.
4	I've always received pretty good service in here whenever I had an issue with my iphone.  We're always greeted the moment we walk in and are asked what the visit is for so they can direct us in the right direction.  They have an area with ipads full of kids games where my son can sit and play while we're waiting for someone to help us.
1	Man.  Too bad there isn't a ZERO!  I'm not sure if all Apple stores are as arrogant & incompetent as this one.  Three trips to replace a broken iphone.  I'll spare you the details, but the "geniuses" still can't get it right!    Did I already use the word ARROGANT!
1	I feel that there customer service sucks. They don't have time to help some one with a simple issue. People don't have time to spend hours waiting to talk with some one. Will probably not get an apple phone next time I get a new phone because if it.
5	Make an appt online before you come in for the genius bar to save yourself some wait time!
2	Apple products with slow service Stopped in to buy an iPad for Christmas. All the Apple goodies you expect and a nice place, but staff is slow. I watched the kids working here play around for about ten minutes before requesting assistance from the greeter. He said they are swamped.  Responded that I can see them and they don't look busy.  He just smiled... Ah, well. I think the gift will still go over well.
5	McKenzy @ Genius Bar was tremendously helpful wirh my visit.  Place is always busy, people are almost always quite helpful.  No real complaints.  They've gone above and beyond a few times for me too.
1	I am pretty sure this place is the inner sanctum of hell.First of all, what is the point of an "appointment" system if you have to wait 20 minutes past your appointment? Second, who do you even check in with? The employees working were absolutely not making eye contact with anyone they were not helping.  When I finally flagged down a girl to ask that question, she gestured vaguely to the front of the store and told me "Jeremy". How am I supposed to know that? There is no "check in station" or anything. They need a board up on the wall that says "Now helping Jane" or some such system. Amazing that old school Verizon has that system but hipster Apple can't handle it...Third, I listened to 3 other customers get helped while I waited, and EVERY SINGLE ONE was pitched a product. I mean, sure, if it's necessary, but c'mon: The poor guy next to me merely asked how to clean his screen and was sold a bottle of cleaner. So the "genius" finally comes over and glances in my non-functioning charger port to tell me it's corroded from water damage. What? My phone has never been in water. It's never even been to the lake or near a pool. So he takes it in the back to open it up (of course, I can't see it for myself... no, no way) He comes back to insist it's water damaged, and when I told him that was nearly impossible, he got very defensive and shoved another phone at me, telling me "All I can do is sell you a new one for $149."  Mind, I've had this phone for 15 months and it's been nothing but glitches and a malfunctioning touch screen, and the lock button hasn't worked since 3 months in. So no way in hell am I purchasing another one.Worst experience in a retail store in a LONG time.
1	What has happened to Apple? Every single rep had bad attitudes. I had an appointment, walked in, was ignored by the reps and finally discovered that i had to stand in line to CHECK IN for my appointment with one rep.  I asked her why this is the case and why no one else could check me in considering it can't be that hard.  Her response "because this is my job. nobody else's." So let me get this straight: I have to WAIT in line to CHECK IN  to WAIT for my appointment?  Asked greeter why this is the case, she gave me more attitude. Had battery replaced.EDIT:  Got home and my phone wouldn't charge and turned off randomly. Turns out they also inactivated my serial number. My call has been elevated twice to senior management EDIT2:.senior advisor forced this storeTo replace my phone.  I went in the store to pick it up and they said they "don't know how they let me leave and charged me for a battery that didn't work."  No apologies, begrudgingly replaced my phone for free. Shove it apple
5	My 4 1/2 year old Macbook died last week. I ordered and installed a new hard drive from Amazon figuring that was the issue. I installed it and no dice, it was still dead. Convinced I needed to drop $1500 on a new machine I made a genius bar appointment hoping that they could verify that my Macbook was in fact dead before spending my hard earned money. With a quick diagnosis they determined that the hard drive cable was in fact dead but the hard drive was fine. Well, $70 later I was back on line and $1400 richer. Viva la Genius Bar! My Macbook lives on!
5	I have to say, this is one of my favorite stores. Aside for the great products that they sell, this store offers a lot. The staff are very friendly, happy to help out with any questions. The store is very clean and feels open too. I've been to the Genius Bar before, for a few of my products, and they make it easy to take care of any issues. Can't wait to go back!
4	This Apple store is nice, bright and fun. Testing out all the newest Apple gadgets and computers is the way to go.  The wait time however, is so long. I booked an appointment here and had to wait another 20 minutes after my booked time just to have my phone looked at.  They were a full house so I could understand why it took so long to get helped. All in all this location has always had friendly and available staff.
1	Worst customer service in the UNIVERSE Ashley and Megan.  Seriously Apple?  Who are you hiring!
2	I really don't think any of the Apple stores are great because usually the "geniuses" have no freakin' idea what they're talking about.I came here because my battery showed the status of "service battery" and I explained to them it's weird because I just replaced my battery on Nov 28 2012 which is about 1.5 years ago. The "genius" corrected me saying it's not even a year. WTF. If you can't do simple MATH how the hell can you tell me how to fix my dang battery problems?!Anyway, I asked the dude to reset my battery notification thingie. I've read stuff that Mavericks OS causes some funky battery readings and I'll just go with that. "Not even a year" my foot. PFFFTTT2 stars cuz there's garage parking and I don't have to worry about my stuff melting in the sun.
1	I'm so done going to the Genius Bar. I went twice due to my battery dying very quickly. Both times I was told my battery was fine.  I was told to wipe my phone as it could be one of the apps...so I did just that. Come to find out my  setting of auto lock was set to "never" so my phone was always on. My brother helped me set it to "one minute" auto lock.  So next time I won't be using the Genius Bar instead I'll just ask my little brother.
1	Worst customer service. I have a iphone 5 that's been recalled because of the sleep/power button. I finished working across the street around 9:30 am so I figured I'd just come by and see if they would give me a new one quickly. I walk into the store. Walked over to the Genius Bar area and noticed a women working there with a red iPad. A guy that works there came up to me and asked what I was needing and I told him. He then said okay talk to the girl with the red iPad. She will take care of you. I was standing next to her when another customer, a woman walked in and walked right up to her. (She was assisting another customer). She told the customer to get in line behind her. Once she was finished assisting the customer I walked a bit closer and she just ignored me and greeted the women who just walked in. Maybe because I wasn't directly behind the previous customer, in line?!???I just walked out. Such a shame, I don't have time during my day to schedule a appointment with the "genius bar". I just need a new phone, mine is recalled. Pretty simple. But fuck it. I just left. It felt pretty horrible to just be ignored like I was today.
1	You know, after reading the bad reviews, I figured I would share my bad experience at this store.  I went in for two problems on my MacBook Pro and reported to the person in the front to sign in.  I had made an appointment on line.  He confirmed my appointment and pointed to someone in the Genius Bar who would take care of me in a few minutes (I was about 8 minutes early for my appointment) .  After 10 minutes past my appointment, I asked again.  I was told another few minutes.  I waited about 10 more minutes.  Then  I decided to sit at the genius bar in front of the person who was to help me.  She was helping a woman who seemed very annoyed with her.  The Genius Bar person had been helping this woman for some time and that's what prompted me to sit there--kind of to speed things along.  When the Genius Bar lady tried to move on to me, the woman said I'm not done yet--I need more help.  To which the Genius Bar lady said: I've resolved most of your problems and gave you more time than allotted to you.  I have to help another customer.  The customer refused to move and demanded to continue.  The Genius Bar lady acquiesced and continued with her instead of attending to me, a person who had been waiting and had an appointment.   When the genius bar lady got to me she seemed rushed and after solving one problem and not spent the entire time with me, told me she couldn't help me with the second issue because it would take too much time.  I then told her that I had been kept waiting close to 40 minutes and that she spent so much time with the other woman who demanded that all her issues be resolved.  This apple employee should have gotten a supervisor to get the other customer to move on and/or gotten someone else to help me.  It was an annoying experience and considering that Apple products are NOT cheap, this is no way to treat a customer.   Product is important but customer service IS EVERYTHING!!!!
1	Only one star for their customer service.  Employees deal with customers because they have to, not because they want to. The enthusiasm is long gone. Multiple times I have walked all the way through  this store passing employees along the way that are talking with each other and not saying a single word to customers walking past. Last week I counted; and I walked past eight employees not with any customers, none of them made eye contact, none of them said hello. All of them looked like they didn't want to be there. Today an employee bent over to adjust the angle of the lid of a MacBook Pro as I strolled past. He moved it a quarter of an inch. Three other employees let me walk past without a word.People hate going to the Apple Store now. They hate dealing with the Genius Bar even more. You're reading this right now shaking your head in agreement.
2	Sunday 2:00 pm. I went into the store to get a Mac book pro air, I already new that I wanted that one and I just wanted to buy it. When I entered the store a guy asked me if he could help me with something and I said I wanted to buy the Mac book air so he sent me to where the computers are and told me to wait. I waited 30 MIN for someone to sell me a freakin computer !! The purchase was quick but it was like I was doing a favor for the store. Awful experience...
1	Worst customer service ever. Made an appointment and took my iPhone 5 because my home button wasn't working. The girl that helped me took a quick look at my phone, inputted my serial number into her iPad, found out I had Apple Care and told me they would replace my whole phone for $50. They didn't have the phone in stock, so they had to order it and told me they would email me when it got there so I can come switch it out. A few days later I got the email saying my phone arrived, so I went in and checked in with the Genius Bar. First, they told me that my phone didn't arrive yet. When I showed them the email they seemed confused and went in the back for about 10 minutes. When they came out, they took my phone to the back to replace it with the new one. After waiting for about 15 more minutes, they came out and told me they can't replace it since it looked like I had gotten my screen replaced before. While I think this is a weird rule, I get the policy so that's not why I'm mad, because yes I had gotten it replaced. I'm mad because why would they not have checked/asked/told me this the first time I was there? I live far away from this store and to make the trip twice for no reason was ridiculous. Why would they even order the new phone? It just seems like a waste of time for both the customer and the company. Don't tell me you can do something, go as far as to order the new part, and then not give it to me? The only advice the guy could give me was to go back to the place that replaced my screen and see if they saved the broken pieces of the screen, and bring the broken pieces back to the Apple store. Safe to say I will never be going back to this "Genius" bar.....
4	UPDATED: Thank you Richard (deserves 5 stars!) who helped me out after the last guy just left me with his iphone in my hand to speak to customer service to figure it out myself and never came back! Richard answered my questions, and went above and beyond to help me out. Richard gets 5 stars, and should also get a raise, because with his kindness it reminded me of why I had an iphone in the first place, their customer service, and I am convinced to get an iphone 6 when they come out as opposed to switching to a droid.PRIOR TO UPDATE (1 star, because I have to leave at least 1): It doesn't matter if you make an appt, or if you just show up, you'll be waiting 30min either way regardless. I see employees walking around with note pads waiting to help someone, while I wait because "my appt time hasn't arrived yet", so they'd rather wait for no shows. Alicia "helped check me in" (I didn't bother making a reservation this time because it hasn't mattered in the past, I still have waited for over 30min), and I told her what I needed (a simple 5min fix). She told me to go home and do it online. I told her I would rather have someone assist me, and she told me it's going to be a 5min wait.All I needed was to turn off my iMessages because I switched to a droid after my iPhone 5 "sleep" button stopped working and my battery dies in less than 2 hours in airplane mode....simple less than 5min fix, there should be no reason I would have to wait 30min...btw I am writing this on the mac at the apple store...this is how much I am being given attention...
1	I purchased an engraved iPad online and had it shipped to the store for pick up.  (I didn't want Fedex to deliver it to my home and have it sitting outside my door in the summer heat ).  Upon receiving notification via text that my purchase was "ready for pick up";  I went to the store.   For an hour & 1/2 they refused to release my iPad to me.  Saying, they received a notification there was an error after they swiped my credit card to verify whether I was the online purchaser.   A sales rep that resembled Col. Sanders (KFC) suggested canceling my online order and let me purchase an iPad  in the store -this would resolve the issue.   I then asked, "do you have an engraving machine at this particular location?"    (Duhhhh that's why I ordered it online).  One of the male managers then stated to me "sometimes this happens when there's banking issues", as to imply somehow it was my fault.  Needless to say I finally was given my iPad by the store manager; she was very nice.  I promptly left the store via the Scottsdale Quarter Underground Railroad if you know what I mean......smh
5	I love this place. Reason being...Apple experts everywhere. Was in the market for a new Macbook Air and Melia took great care of me, and even surprised me with the discount I get from work which I had forgotten about altogether. Ooops. I definitely recommend going to see her and also getting AppleCare/ That's a great service, even if you have to call Apple for servicing on products. I have an all Apple household and it's worth the $. Superior products and customer service. Now if my 3 week long wait for my iPhone 6 Plus was done like tomorrow I"d be happy as a clam!!! 5 Stars for sure!
1	This store destroyed the stellar 8 year customer service streak with Apple.  From mentioning multiple times you can reserve phones on launch day in line to eventually being told they don't do reservations, calling and being told I would be called back then eventually having phones setup not being asked which line is for which phone and of course they are setup wrong.Big iPhone launch day shenanigans, avoid Apple Store on launch day and for weeks afterward. They seemingly hire hipster temp employees whose job is to be a hipster, make you happy aka buying mood and get you out the door.
4	Hi, my name is Tigra, and I'm an Apple.I love Apple. I love this store. I love some of its staff. I make appointments online or via the Apple app on my phone. Sometimes they'll over book and you'll have to wait a while past your appointment time. I'm a pretty patient person, especially when I'm acknowledged, and this is usually this case. I've only had one guy who was rude, never acknowledged that I was waiting, and had the worse laissez-faire attitude. We do not take laissez-faire when it comes to our tech lifelines, mister! Luckily, he was only one amongst dozens. They've saved my (ancient) MacBook Pro from what I know is inevitable. They have no problems swapping out a faulty iPhone, as soon as they do their obligatory water test. They even replaced a charger that had stopped working on my DD's phone, and we didn't even have Apple Care for that particular phone. Large store with lots of test items and lots of accessories. Nice view of Scottsdale Rd outside the main window. A familiar view for all who've sat at the Genius bar awaiting the verdict on their products.  I may or may not have cried at that counter after finding out photos were lost during a botched software update attempt. They get extremely busy during weekends and in the evenings. I suggest making an appointment for any and everything; even if it's just a question. If you don't make an appointment online they accept walk-ins too, you'll just have to wait longer for them to squeeze you in.Well organized during the new product release. There was 1 line for those who pre-ordered and a separate line for those who did not pre-order.
1	The customer service at this store is horrible. I went in yesterday because I was having trouble with my iPhone. I walked up to an employee at the Genius Bar and told him what was going on, he looked at his iPad and told me I'd have to come back in 3 hours so someone could look at it for me. I was astonished because there was at least 5 employees standing in a circle talking amongst each other none of which were helping any customers. Needless to say, I turned around and walked right out. Went to T-Mobile instead and experienced the best customer service. Disappointed with Apple and I probably will never buy another one of their products.
5	Man I love this place. It's a fantasy toy store. There is not a product I don't love. I either own it or want it. I also love the service. Hard to get used to scheduling an appointment, but now that I am used to it, I love it. This is my favorite location too. Plenty of things to do if you have to wait for a fix.
1	Worst Apple Store in the nation! Always chaos, horrible customer service. Just order online.
4	Most Apple stores get a five-star rating from me, but this location always seems to be a little more challenging.  The parking is awful.  And it's always packed and takes longer to get help than any of the other locations.  Still, like any Apple store once you do get help it's efficient and friendly, and always what you need.
2	Officially- I'm disappointed in the service at this Apple Store in Scottsdale. I go in looking for a charger for my 2012 MacBook Pro.  I'm sold a 85W MagSafe 2 power adapter..  I even ask if it's compatible with the 2012 Mac Pro and they say "yes".  $80 later - the charger doesn't work for my laptop.  Obviously they didn't care about the customer and just wanted the sale.So disappointed.  I expect more from Apple employees.
5	Probably my favorite Apple Store besides the one at San Tan Village. Everyone at this location has always been helpful. I've purchased two laptops here and was always offered advice and suggestions for what I was planning on using them for. Only complaint is about the repair prices which seem extremely high in comparison to some third party retailers.
