4	There is a long standing debate between my friends and I over the best Indian restaurant on Green street. Unlike Chinese food here, there isn't much competition, so it's basically Bombay vs. East and West. East and West is completely vegetarian and leans towards Southern Indian style snacks, whereas Bombay Grill has heartier food  and has a more formal dinner.I think some of their dishes are a little overspiced, but the Tandoori chicken is absolutely divine with a crisp skin and the perfect amount of seasoning. I only wish it came with more chicken and less of the lentil side and gigantic naan. Don't get me wrong, the naan here is great, but more of that chicken would be better. The service is quite slow and it is pretty expensive, so I reserve going here for when I really need a treat.
4	Ok, I am a food snob from Los Angeles. Just moved here and to be totally honest  I think the food here is so plain. Yes, you have a lot of great steak places and American food but things such as Sushi ( there is NO good places I have tried each and every one) and Indian are hard to come by. We first went to Basmati and honestly I thought we were doomed. There was no flavor and most dishes seemed to be watered down. NOW, we were driving near campus and we drove by Bombay and I am more then happy we stopped. As for the other poster whos friends said its over spiced, have you tried real Indian food? This is tame in comparison. The food is just right and always served fresh and hot. The semosas are great and served with the best sauces. We love the Gobi Aloo and chicken masala, we will be back to try other dishes. Bottom line other then the lackluster decor and sometimes dirty looking floors this place was a sweet treat for those of us who are used to some variety!
4	This is probably my favorite place to eat in C-U.  I come from Boston, the land of 100 Indian restaurants.  I fell in love with Indian there, and was very wary of moving to a tiny midwestern city.  However, Bombay definitely hits the spot.  I like the typical curry dishes, chicken tikka masala, samosas, naan - all are great here.  My husband is a bit more adventurous and he has never been disappointed.  Granted, it's not better than many of the places we've been to in Boston - but it's way better than I expected for around here!  On the down side, it's pretty small and very crowded around lunch time.  Good luck finding space for more than just 2 at noon!
3	I was a little reluctant to try this place out but after getting a thumbs up from my Indian friend, I finally gave in. It is quite a small place with 20 or less small tables. I was there with 5 other friends and found that it is particularly hard to find a table that was big enough to accommodate all of us, especially during lunch time.I was surprised when I tasted their food because I thought it was gonna be really bad. It turned out to be okay although it wasn't excellent. I love their paneer makhani because the sauce was wonderfully creamy but oddly, the paneer tasted like tofu to me. I also had their lentil curry and briyani rice but that weren't as good. You have a choice of a huge naan or rice for lunch specials I think. I'd go for the NAAN if I were you.Expect to spend at least $7 or $8 for vegetarian dishes and more for meats. For the amount of food that they give, the prices are a little steep in my opinion. It's usually the naan that fills me up, not the curry.Updated 5/10/08:I was there for dinner and I realized that it was a completely different experience in the evening. For lunch, you order your food and pay at the cash register. When the food is ready, they will serve it to you in styrofoam plates and plastic cutleries. For dinner, it becomes a sit-down restaurant with table service, cute waitresses, and food served on china and silverware. A stark difference, eh?
5	I absolutely think that Bombay Grill has the best chicken mahkani.  No restaurants in Chicago (even on Devon) can compare!  Or maybe I just haven't found that one perfect place in the city yet...So anyways, when I was an undergrad, I luckily lived across the street from Bombay so I would come here all the time.  The manager knew me by my first name, hahahahha that was embarassing.  Yes their prices can be a little expensive but I think it's worth it.  I love their garlic naan too.  What I hate about all indian restaurants is that everything is always separate--- naan, rice, etc.  Blah.Anyways, A+ for Bombay!
5	This is one of my favorite places in CU.  Their Naan is the best Naan of all Naans I've had - and I've had a lot of Naan.  Chicken Tikka and Lamb Curry are my favorites.  With a mango lassi expect to pay around 15 bucks after tax and tip.
3	I have no pretensions to being an expert on Indian fare, but Bombay does what it's supposed to do: fill your belly in a reasonable fashion while remaining tasty. The naan is fluffy and delicious, and any of the chicken dishes (I've tried several), are excellent.  However, the lunch rush is pretty intense, and the staff make no bones about letting you know that they are not there to indulge in your lunch hour relaxation.  Expect to see your plates taken away and your table cleaned as a *hint* to mosey on along, partner.  Seriously, a bit awkward to have my table wiped down in mid-sentence.  Still, decent food for what it is, a tiny lunch factory in Campus Town.
4	Food is always fast and fresh here. And I've noticed the naan has gotten considerably larger since I last set foot in here in early 2007. But I'm not complaining!
3	This place makes no qualms about itself. It is a solid Punjabi joint, creamy curries, paneer and all.  That said, it's rather lacking in spicy inspiration - both locations didn't feature any sort of kick to their curries.  However, the lunch special is all bang for your buck...I recently went here on a lunch meeting and my professor and I were able to split one plate and leave completely stuffed!  I'm glad the only real traditional Punjabi Indian joint in C-U isn't a disaster, but it's nothing to write home about either!
1	If you are a female and like to be gawked at, I recommend this place for you. The staff stare like they have never seen a woman before. Also, if you like black hair as a garnish in your chicken makhani, you'll really enjoy it here. Disgusting. Threw out a $10 plate of food after finding hair. Not to mention when brought to the attention of the staff, there was no apology or anything to fix it.
1	I got food poisoning here.
2	Let me start by saying, I NEVER had a bad meal at the location on Green Street.However, the problem started when Bombay moved into the old Basmati's restaurant on 1st.For all intents and purposes, this restaurant is Basmati's all over again.  The decor was exactly the same.  The waiters seemed to be the same too.  However, would we still have the same bland food that made Basmati my least favorite restaurant?Well, yes and no.Even with an expanded area for cooking and serving, the food is identical to the location on Green Street.  Wait, no, not identical.  The main courses cost about $3.00 more than on Green Street.Of course there's the addition of alcohol on the menu, but the location on 1st doesn't afford you the great meal at a low price that the Green Street location was so good at.
4	Totally solid, no-frills Indian food.  The lunch specials are affordable and come with rice/naan (THE LARGEST PIECE OF NAAN YOU'VE EVER SEEN), salad, and a veggie pakora - for under $10.  Yes, please!I've only been to the 1st Street location once, but from what I've tasted, the food is basically the same here.  Creamy chicken tikka masala (my fave, I'm a gringo, I know) with crispy, buttery naan, mmm.  I tried my boyfriend's Lamb Saag dish and loved it also.Why is the lunch so affordable?  Because it's a really small place (the tables are tightly-packed in), there's no waiter service, and your meal is served on Styrofoam.  This is Indian food for poor college students.  If you want a more relaxed, "restaurant-y" atmosphere (and don't mind paying a few extra dollars), head over to the Bombay Grill on 1st.  But if, like me, you are in grad school and up to your ass in student loan debt, this is the place for you.
5	Bombay has been one of my favorite restaurants in Champaign for almost 5 years. It's dark and cozy inside and smells of masala and fresh yogurt. It seems to be popular, too, because every time I have gone it has been absolutely packed -- but I've never had to wait long for a table, and usually there is no wait at all. They also give you so much food, and I always have enough left over for lunch the next day. Great selection of vegetarian entrees, too, for those that are into that!
4	Well, the first week I went here somehow I ended up going three times. I really like the food here. I wouldn't say I'm a connoisseur of Indian food, but it tastes really good to me, and they really do give you a ton. I had the biryani the other day and I was able to eat it for three more meals. The only complaint I might have is that it's a little expensive. (I'd rather have less food and pay less money) Also, I love really spicy food. I've learned my lesson in the past--don't tell Indian or Thai restaurants that you want the food spicy or you might not be able to eat for a week. But I feel like the food here is just not that hot. One exception was this one appetizer...it had big old chunks of jalapeno. Pretty tasty! I'd love to come back.
5	For my grad program I have to spend a few weeks in Champaign every year. When I'm there, I go to this place all the time. The food is great, and it's really cheap at lunch - for $6.99 you can get an enormous amount of your entree, plus either the biggest piece of naan in history OR a giant pile of rice OR some of both, plus a couple pakoras and a salad. What? Fabulous. And it is more than enough food to last for two meals, which is another huge plus.In case that weren't enough, they frequently give me free stuff. I don't totally understand why. I'm not really a regular, and I'm not a supermodel. If this place were on the east coast, I'd guess it was because I'm polite, but this is Champaign, where everyone says "please" and "thank you" and smiles. So...I don't really understand it, but every time I go there, I get some of another entree, or an extra piece of naan, or a dessert, or a soda. Maybe everybody gets free stuff. Whatever. I'm not one to look a gift daal in the mouth.
5	LOVE it! MUCH better than some of the CU alternatives when it comes to Indian food. I recommend the saag paneer, and they have DELICIOUS naan.
4	This place has a great variety of food! Go here for lunch! The portion is bigger and it's cheaper. You get a salad and a small appetizer with your entree during lunch, but you have to pay for it during dinner. The naan here is absolutely to die for. the only complaint i have about this restaurant is that you will walk out of there smelling like the food. The odor is not the most pleasant so I wouldn't suggest wearing your sunday best.
5	This place is Awesome! Chicken saga is tender and flavorful. Coworkers really like the jelfrese. Don't miss the cheese or garlic naan! YUM!
4	Nicely seasoned paneer and enormous naan.  Very good and reasonably priced.  Only con is that they serve it on styrofoam plates which isn't very environmentally friendly.  I'd be back once a week or two if I lived on Champaign.
4	Great indian food; spiced well and not Americanized.. The naan is fresh and amazing.
5	I would highly recommend the lamb curry which is spicy and comes with fragrant basmati rice. The naan is really great too. I also enjoy the aloo tikki appetizer, as well as the samosas. I am not an expert on Indian food so I can't tell you how authentic it is, but I can tell you that it is delicious.
3	This restaurant was good, fine, but I wasn't particularly impressed.  Ordered vegetable vindaloo.  The place lacks any ambiance, though it does have a nice view of Green Street.  The naan is very good.
5	I would eat here for lunch every day if I could.  If only my idiot co-workers would get over their aversion to "ethnic" foods.  Rubes.Don't make the same mistake.  Even if the closest you normally come to adventurous food is Panda Express, you would like this food.If you eat here, make sure to order the naan.  It is perfect and HUGE!
5	I've eaten Indian all over the state, and this place remains my favorite. The portions are generous, the prices are low, and the food is vibrantly flavorful the way Indian should be. I actually worked here for a summer, and I can honestly say I've never eaten better in my life. All day and all night my stomach was a bubbling cauldron of curry. Try the vegetable vindaloo- I put it on the menu!
5	Tasty food. My favorite was always chicken makhani. Sometimes the manager would give me additional nan (some kind of pita bread but much more tasty) for free. The price is low and you will always end up as full as it gets.Seating was sometimes a problem because the place is kind of small, and it is so good that it gets crowded.I moved away from Chambana to the south west. I have been in some other indian restaurants but no one compares to Bombay Grill regarding taste. I miss it.
5	my favorite restaurant of ANY variety here in town.  not only have i never had a bad meal here, but i've never had anything short of FANTASTIC!!  i prefer this location to the tablecloth place on 1st.  spicy ginger chicken is the best, and they'll make it hot as you like it.  naan is a must with your order!
3	I reviewed this in 2009 to let people know that I got food poisoning here. I ate here again and am rating it more highly cause I ate the veg food and it was fine, but mostly because I highly approve of the quantity and quality of their rice.  Working class Asian Americans like myself love their rice and this place is super generous and the quality is very very good. Better than the entree itself in fact.
5	Delicious curry, their Nan is also amazing. They have several kinds of Nan, try the garlic or cheese stuffed!
3	The food is really good, terrific. The only reason I would give it a 3 star because the light system in the evening there is absolutely terrible.. I could hardly read my menu there at night..
3	I've been to Bombay Indaian Grill a couple of times now and everything I've had there was delicious. I've gotten the Bengan Bartha (spicy eggplant) and Aloo Gobi (cauliflower with potatoes), both of which were very tasty with a side of naan bread. The only reason I'm giving them 3 stars instead of 4 is because the food is overpriced: $10 for a small cup of stewed vegetables and naan bread... Pretty ridiculous if you ask me.Overall, I like the food there but because I don't like feeling ripped off, I probably won't come back too often, unless I'm in the vicinity and have an extreme craving for Indian food.
4	I've eaten at a lot of Indian places and I love Indian food. I must say, I was very pleased with this place, especially given its location. The food was delicious and pretty authentic. I gave it four stars because the service was so-so and there was no ice in the water.
2	This restaurant is dam costly and is not at all worth for the food they serve. I am Vegan and Paid $13.2 for just 3 types of sides and naan bread and custard. Food was ot worth more than $6 however we were shocked to see their heavy check. Food is not so tasty to admire. It doesnt have the true authentic Indian food taste. They make sides of potatoes and green peas which are cheap in market to keep their profit margin high. They are smart enough to rob people. Please try other Indian restaurant who give you many option to eat for less than $10.
3	Really great Indian food, just a few blocks from campus. For a quick lunch, it's a great amount of excellent food for a good price. Their naan is fresh and flavourful, and they were great at customizing spiciness levels for the various American/Indian palates in our party. A little bit of a small restaurant, their second location on 1st is bigger and features a lunch buffet for the less-adventurous. However, the Green St. location had a variety of great food options, and a Himalayan chicken special that was divine. Great place to meet and catch up, but can get crowded when students/classes are in session.
4	This restaurant is a great deal for dinner! For two entrees and an appetizer, the check was about $26, which is pretty good for two people -- and we were stuffed. The food is delicious, the portions are decent, our glasses were always filled with water, and service was prompt.Only two negatives, no liquor license and the atmosphere is a bit lacking. It was a little too loud and a little too crowded, but it's a good place for casual dining.
3	We shared Chicken Aloo Curry which came with rice ($9) and added a side of naan ($2) to go. The place was packed, dimly lit, and casual. The service was quick and the food was flavorful and fresh. It was not too spicy. Menu is standard Indian cuisine. A-OK.
3	Service was fast.  Prices are very reasonable.  The food is good by Champaign standards and OK by larger market standards.  I had the Chicken Vindaloo which had a nice flavor but was lacking in heat.  The naan was nice but just slightly burnt.  I would go back if I was in champaign and jonesin for some indian food, but i wouldnt seek it out as a fantastic restaurant
5	This is the best Indian food you'll find in Urbana-Champaign.  Growing up in India and spending more than a decade in New Jersey, I have had luxury of trying out Indian food at many places (incl. home!!).  The taste of the food is authentic, not too spicy, but not at all bland.  True art of Indian food is to use variety of herbs and spices in a way that it enhances the taste of food, but doesn't dominate the overall taste. Many Indian restaurants either are afraid of using spices or carelessly overdo it.   Bombay Grill nails that aspect, so it gets five stars from me. Besides the taste, the food isn't that expensive for an Indian restaurant standard.  We tried weekday buffet last week.  For $11 + tip + tax, it had enough varieties.  Some really good, some right on mediocrity, which is very common with buffet. Their butter chicken and tandoori roast chicken are worth trying.  Saag paneer is phenomenal for those interested in vegetarian options.  Lunch buffet had probably the best naan I've tried in many years.  They are freshly baked and new ones keep coming worm and fluffy from the kitchen. Judging from the buffet food, I can confidently say that a la carte items would be a bang for your buck too!!Next time will try dinner and see if it's equally satisfying as the lunch buffet.
4	So good!  Solid Indian food!  Lunchtime special cannot be beat!  Note - it gets busy so be prepared to have to wait if busy meal time.If you are concerned about spice tell them and they will show you the options for non-spicy dishes.
5	We love Bombay on Green St! Really delicious Indian food, can't go wrong!
4	Rock solid Indian food. Lunch menu is cheaper. Mango Lassi has about three different flavors based on what night you go and a lot of the chicken seems to be prepared beforehand. That being said its great. I love the food, not the lamb for some reason, but its hard to think of anything better for the price.
3	Ordered online and the food came delivered and some spilled out but it was really good!! I just wish it didn't spill out. My only complaint. So driver, easy on them turns!!
5	We were on the campus for an event on Saturday and decided to try out this place. The food was awesome, prepared hot. I tried Chicken garlic masala and my wife tried Chicken curry and both were great tasting.Will certainly visit this place next time on the campus.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Prior to trying out Bombay Indian Grill, I had only tried Indian food once and I absolutely despised it. But when I came down to Champaign I knew I had to give it a second shot and Bombay Indian Grill was the place that stole my heart. Their samosas are crispy and cooked to perfection, their buttery naan is amazing, and their Chicken Makhani was so so good. I wish it was a more spicier dish but it was still delicious with tons of flavor. The waiters are always attentive and friendly - if not too friendly. This place gets busy quickly so go earlier or later than a usual meal time but beware of the 3-5 closing time because I had gone between those times not knowing they closed and I was really disappointed. Learn from my mistake!
4	Restaurant reviewHmm Indian food selection is very limited in Champaign so I was excited to eat at Bombay again since my medical school days. I had only been here once with my wife for dinner and the food was pretty spicy. The lunch special seemed enticing for 7+ dollars depending on what you order. I wish I took a picture of the menu, maybe next time. The chicken curry I ordered took a bit of time to prepare but it came out piping hot. The curry was not spicy at all which was perfect. It was rich and creamy with ample amount of chicken. The naan was simply the largest naan I have ever seen. It was perfect with the curry. You also get a potato pakora. No salad though as mentioned previously. All and all great, but if you could pay a dollar or two more for buffet at someplace else I probably would go with that for variety. The only downside of this place is that they use plastic ware and plates, but I guess this is a college town after all and I have to lower my standards. Pro: large menu with lunch specials, large naan, not too spicy curryCons: plasticware, slow serviceHidden gem: 7+ dollar lunch specials with large naan or rice and potato pakora
1	Food was pretty average.  Waitress was pleasant.  I ordered the mixed grill.  It was all chicken.  Where was the mix that was on the menu?!?  $15.99 for grilled chicken and a few grilled onions is not a bargain.  No rice. Burnt naan.  I will return to Puran in Bloomington:)
3	generally okay place, a little overpriced for the settings:(  noisy and place is too small, not looking very neat... food portion is below average. maybe not again.
4	AMAZING LUNCH SPECIALS! I've heard both Bombays and Casablanca are both owned by the same people: but Bombay is the place to go for lunch! You and a buddy could get away splitting a dish for $8. Very cool! The food is pretty good. Not the best in town (Casablanca or that new one in Urbana is better), but good enough for a quick lunch.
1	I ordered my food online with my credit card at about 6:30 PM. At 8PM, I called Bombay Indian Grill, and asked about the status of my food. I was told that the delivery guy should be picking up soon.Around 9PM, I called again. This time I was told I had to call delivery.com. I tried calling, and no one picks up. Around 9:30PM, I get a call from the delivery person. When I go to take my food, he says, "you're supposed to pay with cash." I explained that I already paid via yelp's link for online delivery with my credit card. He said, "it says you are paying with cash." I proceed to stand there for fifteen minutes, while he calls various people to finally get to the number to call to confirm my method of payment. He says, "do you have your credit card?" I respond, "no." He says, "you'll need it because they're going to want to confirm the payment." Mind you, I am in the law building. My stuff is on the other side of the law building. I am not wandering around looking for my credit card, while he calls people to confirm my payment. I just stood there. At one point, I said, just void this I don't want it. Then my hunger snapped me back to my senses. After some time on the phone, he is told I paid with my credit card already. I told him I would not be using their services again, he said "okay." He walked out unaffected. Around 10 PM, I called the number on delivery.com, and heard no apologies. Thanks Bombay Grill, for providing me with the distinct pleasure of paying $23 to have cold mutter paneer and wilted garlic naan delivered to me more than 2.5 hours after I ordered it. The lack of silverware and napkins was a nice touch.Thanks delivery.com, for demonstrating that incompetence and a lack of care is possible at all levels of an organization.
2	Okay Indian food. Bit overpriced. The naan is big and fresh. The service is sub par. I ordered an aloo paratha once and the owner brought me a regular paratha. Did you think I didn't know? The vindaloo tastes okay. The lassi is waaayyy too thick. They do have mango kulfi, which Ambar does not. But 10 out of 10 times I would go to Ambar.
4	This place is fantastic for lunch. The Bombay Chicken Aloo is my go-to dish: I usually get it with na'an (flatbread). The na'an is HUGE and you can dip it in the sauce that comes with the chicken dish. Service is quick and the staff is friendly. I've been for dinner once and it was a bit too expensive for a college student. Still, the food is reliable and delicious - check it out!
