5	A truly independent spirit!   As all of the other small mom and pop stores falter all around our hero/owner Ralph....he ( year after year ) stands triumphant amongst the rubble.Why you ask?  Well, in my opinion....sticking to his guns, an original vision.  Walking into to Alternate Reality you realize it lives up to it's name. Meaning, the mainstream takes the backseat.  Sure they carry the regular Superhero comics and action figures but......the whole front of this RAD shop is dedicated to independent comics and books from smaller publishing houses.  It's very impressive.To anyone that's a cynic when it comes to comics.....you should go, and randomly pick something up, give it a try.  It'll be the first time you realize that comics aren't only about capes and tights.Oh, and there's usually really great music floating through the air.
5	My son always insists on stopping here even though we are on the way to or from Comic Con. That's how good this Las Vegas shop is -- it can compete with San Diego's Comic Con which fills the entire convention center floor with dealers. Alternate Reality is truly fun to visit. If you are into comics, don't miss it. If you think you aren't into comics, stop by and find out what you are missing. Comics are not just for kids these days.
5	We were in Vegas for a mini vacation and went to Alternate Reality Comics because of the rave reviews here on yelp.  We were not disappointed.This is one of the coolest comic book stores I have been to.  Talk about lots of independent comics.  I picked up a true gem of a comic called "The Pro" (Ennis, Conner, Palmiotti, Mounts) and what a funny, funny comic (not for the politically correct).  I could not believe the selection of odd ball, off the wall stuff.  Right up our alley.  We purchased lotsa stuff.The guy we spoke to (I think he was the owner) was an oddball himself and very charming.  We talked about San Diego Comic Con and the difficulty in finding good comic book stores or comic book stores with staying power.  He was a fountain of information and willing to order any comic book you wanted if he didn't have it in stock.  Very nice and accommodating as well.If we lived closer to Las Vegas this would be one of our regular stops.  Very warm and hospitable atmosphere.
5	Second in the series of reviews of comic book stores in Las Vegas. This is the store I consider my home store.Ralph (the owner/operator) is awesome. He remembers your name and shows a true dedication to the force by having a clean well-stocked store with an easy to navigate layout. He has the hook-up, and knows what the best stuff coming out is, so ask him for recommendations. He usually doesn't steer me wrong.It's sort of ridiculous that Alternate Reality is in Las Vegas, because this store is way too good for my shit hole of a hometown. It could easily fit in some hipster neighborhood in a big city thanks to its well-stocked shelves. This just makes it stand out more, because it's a little oasis of sanity that should not exist.My one complaint is that I have become addicted to porno comics since leaving town, and as a friend commented to me, it's sort of like Ralph stocks them because he's the alternative comic book store and  that's what alternative comic stores do. (They're in the little corner by the window, next to the back issues of The Comics Journal.)I also wish it was a bigger store in general. I am sure he does as well.
4	With a bit of time on my hands, I figured I would make my weekly comic run in Vegas as opposed to waiting until I got home.  The internet told me that this was the closest one to the strip, and that it was a solid store as well, and I was not disappointed.As the name kind of implies, there is a heavy emphasis on alternative and indie comics.  The entire front half of the store is dedicated to more off-beat publications, which is a nice change from most stores that I've been to that relegate their oddities to the back.But I was there for my superhero addiction, and Alternate Reality Comics delivered there as well.  They had a great selection of new and slightly less new issues, with a bunch of graphic novels as well.My one quibble was that it was all organized a bit strangely.  Sort of by property, kind of alphabetically, but kinda of not really either.  That didn't mean it was particularly difficult to find anything, it was just kind of off putting.  But the space is small enough that you'll be able to find everything just fine.And if not, there's always the owner, who I found to be extremely friendly.  He instantly smelled the stink of an out of towner on me, and we wound up having a nice chat about the New York comic book scene (even though he hadn't really spent any significant time there at all... now that's a knowledgeable store owner!)If you're in Vegas jonesing for a fix, I can definitely recommend this place with a huge smile.  But know that I'll call you a huge nerd for needing to go comic shopping while you're on vacation on Vegas.  Nerd.
5	I stop in here at least once a week to get my DC fix. Ralph is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. A great place for those discovering comics or have been reading them for years.
5	Alternate Reality is always my top recommendation for comic book nerds. I've been shopping here since I was in high school. The best selection of old, new, indie, and cool. Love love love this place.
5	What I know about comics and graphic novels = zilch.What I knew after leaving Alternate Reality?  = zilch.But I felt like I did!!  Being a complete newbie to this genre, I was a bit intimidated by the store, but in desperate need of a gift for a 12-year-old nephew...so I sucked it up and marched in.Knowing that i know NOTHING, i went straight to the counter and asked for help.  Ralph (aka Godsend Savior) spent 20 minutes picking out items not only for my nephew, but also my niece...and ME!  He gave me a 101 on the range of topics and genres...i.e. it's not all superheroes.I don't know how he did it, but he managed to make me not feel like a complete tool for being in a shop I have no business being in.  When I thanked him for that, he simply said "I like to see good books go to good homes."Wow, i love business owners that really love their business.The store is clean, inviting, with couches for reading, racks and racks of comic books and graphic novels (sorry, i can make zero comments on the selection itself)...with very, repeat VERY, fantastic posters covering every  inch of wallspace.I will be back in a week or two to do my christmas shopping.   Thanks Ralph.
5	As an official representative for the unrecognized Nation-state of Los Angeles/San Diego/Tijuana, we cast five stars upon Alternate Reality Comics not only for being warm and personable, not only for having a wealth of information of manga and anime, but because of the content of their character.  Ralph has therefore been granted honorary resident of Los Angeles/San Diego/Tijuana and his visa will never expire!  Viva la Suplente Comics Realidad!!!
5	A truly great comic book shop doesn't just offer customers the comic books they know and love--anyone can carry the entire line of current Marvel, D.C. and Dark Horse comics.  The best comic stores are the ones that introduce customers to artists and comic books they haven't discovered before.This is where Alternate Reality Comics is brilliant.  The owner has put together a wonderful collection of local comic artists, alternative comics and some of the most inventive work being done in graphic novels.  That said, they also have all the usual books you're looking for and a decent collection of older books (not anything and everything under the sun, but a solid core of comics).  It's the kind of store where you know that the owner is a comic lover from the moment your step in the shop.  And it's wonderful to buy from someone as excited about comics as you.
4	I haven't been obsessed with comic books since Ben Edlund stopped making The Tick, which was a very, very long time ago.  So I may not be qualified to review a comic book store.  But I think it's really cool that this store promotes local comic book artists and writers, such as our very own PJ Perez.  You can tell the staff and owners really love comic books and know their stuff!  As a former comic book addict (albeit on a very limited basis), I can definitely recommend this store.
5	Ralph is "the man".  Alternate Reality is the best pure comic book store in town.  What I like most about the shop is the diversity.  From Marvel/DC to the most eclectic alternate press books, you'll find them here.  Ralph knows his stuff.  There are few people whose opinions I take as gospel, and his is one.  If I ask him to recommend "something new", Ralph always has something spot on.  He knows my tastes and points me to stuff I may not have heard of, but is also unafraid to recommend something from a genre I rarely read ... just because the writing or art is top shelf. If Ralph says it is worth my time, it goes right in my stack.My only complaint is the store it too far from my home and that is my fault, not Ralph's.  So, I don't get in as often as I would like.  But, if I am in the neighborhood, I always make a point to stop in and let Ralph take my money. :)
5	I've been going here since I started at UNLV in 2004. The guy running the joint is awesome and conveniently located for students on campus. There might be other comic places around town, but I always end up coming back to Alternate Reality.
5	This place is great. A nice central location. Super clean and organized. Friendly and knowledgable staff. And a really good varied selection. Everything you could ask for or need from a great comic book store.
5	Just because you're on vacation or making a weekend get away to the Vegas strip doesn't mean you have to toss aside your comic addiction. No no, once you're done plunking down that paper bills down those slot machines and actually want a little entertainment for the amount your wasting you have this really neat comic shop just a bit down from the strip to fill those comic book needs. This place carried a lot of indie stuff and non-marvel/dc comics. The shelves looked like they were restocked with the newest in weekly books and the walls are covered in art and other comic promotion material. Being that it is free comic book day on May 6th, it's well worth checking out and getting back into the funny books. Really, the fact that this place a lot of smaller titles and comics you may not have heard of but are really good is well worth checking into. The owner/employees are pretty helpful in telling you what they have and in offering recommendations. Prices are pretty decent, then again, for comics you really can't complain about the prices since they are typically all over the place. A pretty awesome comic shop indeed.
5	I have been to Alternate Reality twice now and each of my visits were awesome. On my second visit yesterday Ralph the owner was working and he is a very nice and knowledgeable guy. I really like AR because you can tell the shop takes a lot of pride in itself. It is always clean and everything is very accessible and organized. Although, sometimes I can't reach things on the top shelves because I'm short, hee hee! But that's okay, I've never had a problem asking for help to get something that's way over my head. :)The two times I've been I went directly here for a specific comic and found both easily! I love their selection and the location. I really can't give enough accolades to this particular comic book store. Highly recommend!
5	I've recently taken a new found liking to comic books- I've read a few in the past but lately, it's my new dig. I wondered into Alternate Reality Comics a few weeks ago and discovered a world of AWESOMENESS. Ralph, the owner was so polite,helpful, and knowledgeable about what's new, interesting, and worth reading. He has definitely made my experience at the store a stimulating- much needed- treat during my lunch. The store is packed with of course, comics :b, bad ass t-shirts, action figures, and more! They even have soda-drinks for sale and a couch to chill on while you check out the books-  PLUS it's right by most two favorite places - Buffalo Exchange and Long John Silvers- so I'm able to browse around- grab a Baja Fish Taco- and get some new gear all in a 1-hour lunch break! Doesnt get any better than that!!
5	The owner is so sincere & he knows everything there is to know about comic books. I come here as often as I can with my boyfriend & we always stay longer than expected browsing through the sale items & graphic novels. I'm a big fan of Grimm Fairy Tales & I've gotten most of the volumes from this store. We'll be going back for the Beyond Wonderland & Street Fighter books soon.
4	Alternate Reality is my sure fire gift place for my perpetually broke friend. He puts a stack of comics in a reserved box which makes for easy pick up when it comes time for Christmas or birthdays. Even if my friend didn't do all the work for me to sweep in for the credit, I am sure I could find something on my own to meet his standards.Ralph is a really nice guy that is always very helpful. He always strikes up conversation and knows the people that frequent his shop well. One day, my friend might have the money to purchase until there is no more in his box, but I am sure a talk with Ralph will lead me in the right direction.The wide selection of comic books, apparel, collector's items, and manga will satisfy even the most selective individual.
5	Ralph's place is easily the best comic store in Vegas.He and his staff are always friendly, caring, know they're stuff and run a wonderfully clean spacious store.I've been a fan of his store for  years and always point people to his place.Great deals, great selection, always happy to turn you on to new things.
5	What is there to say about Ralph's wonderful comic book store that hasn't already been said? Let's see here. It's spacious. It's clean. It's well lit. The shop features a magnificent amount of books which aren't limited to superheroes and the big dogs: DC and Marvel. This place has more indie titles than you knew existed! Most shop owners come off as pretentious when they bestow knowledge upon patrons, acting as a sort of keymaster to the world of comic lore. Ralph, however, is quite the opposite of most shop owners in this regard and almost every instance otherwise. He is more than happy to answer any questions you might have about the world of comic books and will even sit there and talk with you about story arcs, movies, etc.  If you're looking for a great place to pick up your books, don't pass up Alternate Reality, it's one of the best shops in town!
5	I love Ralph the owner. He is very knowledgeable and he has an awesome assortment of both mainstream and indy comics. Go in. Don't be afraid.
5	My favorite comic book store anywhere. Amazing selection and friendly customer service. I love the new store; so much more room for more comics!Ralph is really nice and always gives my kid a licorice when we get comics. I love the $1.00 back issue selection, as I can give my son and his friend a budget of $10.00 each and they come away with a ton of reading material.
4	If you love comics then this is the BEST place you could go. I love the owner, he makes me laugh every time I have gone there. Also, they have comic books for pretty much everything that I could see. I love my Batman, but at the same time I am a huge tv watcher. This place had Charmed comic books, which blew my mind. I love Charmed. I watched this as an 11 year old and am now 21 and still love it. Since it has been over for years, when I saw the comic books, I was like heck yes!!!! I have read the books from B&N and now I can read their comic books! I was sooo stoked. It will take time for me to get them all, but trust me I will. They had V for Vendetta, Buffy, Supernatural, etc. I think if you asked or looked hard. I love the other merchandise too. Like neon signs and shirts. It is overall a great comic book place.
5	Awesome selection!
5	If you haven't you should. I go out of my way to shop here. Ralph is awesome.
5	The reviews here on Yelp are the reason I took my friend to Alternate Reality Comics during our Vegas vacation and we had a great time. My friend is a Manga maniac and she found plenty to be excited about. We met Ralph and he was very friendly and knowledgable. The only suggestion I'd have is maybe a few more Vol. 1's in stock in the manga section. Still, it was an excellent experience and I think Ralph runs a great shop. I highly recommend stopping by the store if you're into graphic novels, comics or Manga. We had a great time browsing.
5	What can I say, this is probably the best and only comic book store in Las Vegas. There's a wide variety of comics, everything from new to old to anime or more 'adult' material. The place even has works from my favorite artist Joseph Michael Linsner which is a real plus for me.  When ever a have a few extra bucks in my pocket I make it a point to come visit this place and I always manage to find something to buy.
5	A true comic book shop. Always has a wide selection of both mainstream and underground comic titles, but always of the best of quality. No gimmicks and first rate selection and service. The fellow who runs it has always been wonderful when we drop off flyers and we hope he stays around for a long time to come!
5	According to my husband the best comic book store that he visited in the US. I especially liked the huge sellection indies. Very friendly and helpful owner.
5	I just fell in love with the store and the amazing guy owning it (Ralph)! Great selection, and awesome customer service! Ralph introduced himself to me when I walked in, and helped me find what I was looking for. He shared his knowledge on a few topics I was interested in, and by doing so won a new happy customer!
5	By far one of the best comic book shops ive been to.
3	I have not been much of a comic book fan.  I mean I read some of the Batman comics growing up but I didn't collect them or anything.  The few graphic novels I actually enjoyed reading were Sin City and Lone Wolf and Cub.  This being the premiere summer for super hero movies, I figured it was now time more than ever to begin to familiarize myself with the marvel and DC Universe.  Alternate Reality Comics being very close to UNLV campus and my home, and having rave reviews by, I decided to check it out myself.  The store is actually very decent sized and the outside is quite comical the store mascot, painted in a variety of super hero pictures.  However, I feel that the actual store itself is much to be desired.To be fair it is a pretty big comic book shop but that is because they space everything out and towards the back of the store a some sort of fake tattoo station takes up a bulk of the space.  As far as the selection goes there are a variety of Batman books and a TON of Green Lantern comics.  Also Superman has a rack all by itself.  It would be nice to see a wider selection of comics, there are literally dozens of DC and Marvel Superhero alone.  One part of the store I thought was pretty awesome was a $1.00 wall of comic books that had such works dating back to the inception of comics.  Very cool, very big selections. There are two things I found unpleasant about my visit to Alternate Reality Comics. 1)The god awful, hipster induced, indie music blaring out on the stereo system.  Oh My God was it bad.  It was so annoying it distracted me the entire time I was there, one rock song had a total of three words in the entire lyric of the song, repeating in an endless loop, banging my eardrums into oblivion!  You may think that I'm overreacting but I find this type of music unbearable, I dont know maybe I came in on a bad day and they play regular music on the other days.2) The staff was friendly and everything but they kept to themselves most of the times.  They greeted me once as I entered the door but didnt pay attention to anything within the store and I really dont see anything wrong with it, but it worried me that it may be a store that could have the possibility of shoplifting if not fixed.Ultimately my visit to Alternate Reality Comics was ok.  nothing bad, but nothing great.  I recommend it to people who are just trying to pick up some new reading material.  For die hard comic book fans, I feel they may be a tad bit of a disappointment but nothing to completely shatter their passion.  I give this store a 3/5
5	I love comics and its been awhile since I found a store that feel like my old hometown store.  They are all really friendly and knowledgeable there.  If you are looking for hard to find comics give them a try.
5	Owner Ralph is really nice.  He helped me find some good graphic novels, and made lots of recommendations.  He also gave a good discount on the Maus book I bought.  This is a store where you can feel comfortable in, no elite feelings that other stores have.
5	What has two thumbs and goes to a comic book store in vegas? This guyy (points at himself). Yes I love to eat, and I love comics. I am the quintessential fat asian nerd. I lost enough money in vegas, so before I left I thought it would be nice to soothe myself by visiting a comic shop.Luckily Alternate Reality Comics was close to where we ate. We walked in and the store was fairly big. The workers were hospitable and were always ready to give assistance. The biggest plus had to be finding some really hard Daredevil issues that I had been looking months for. I imagine that I found them because there aren't as many nerds in Vegas are there are in Los Angeles, but either way I lucked out.5 stars for a clean store, with great staff and a ton of variety. Keep it up guys!
5	The 5 star yelp review is why I came here and it did not disappoint!  1) Great selection of comics, collectibles, trades.2) A HUGE bargain bin of dollar comics!3) Fantastic set up - everything spread apart, no bunched shelving.4) Staff is helpful, greeted me as I came in & know their comics!5) A damn good comic shop! Eye candy & things you want 2 buy!I will definitely be back!
5	What can I say but "YAY!"  Alternate Reality Comics is my number one spot for new comics in Las Vegas.  Not only is the store clean, huge and awesome, not only is there a gigantic selection of books categorized unlike any other place in town, not only are there fabulous events in the store, such as signings, fund raisers, art shows, musicians, cosplay, but the overwhelming, over-reaching reason to shop at ARC is RALPH.  The owner, Ralph is just the sweetest and nicest man.  More than that he has an encyclopedic knowledge of everything comics, from old, to medium to new.  If you love comics (and I LOVE comics) Alternate Reality should be a must visit store!
4	Why am I in a comic book store in Vegas? I should be eating a buffet, or going to a strip club, or gambling...but a comic book store in Vegas..really...really?Well, I'm still a geek too so I did need a break from the aforementioned activities listed above. They have plenty of new comics available, lots of silver age comics as well and plenty of other stuff such as plush toys, regular toys and paintings from local artists.The owner seemed like a really cool dude. He definitely knows his comics so if you have any questions, I'm sure he can answer them all.And the convenience factor of only being a couple of miles away from the Strip was also an incentive to come here.
5	This place is awesome!!! I just started coming here and the staff and owner have been very helpful, they take the time to answer all my questions even if there dumb :) there very kind and they know there stuff plus a good location.
5	Great prices / Great comics love this place
3	This store was rather large and offers decent selection of graphic novels, clothing, manga, and new comics.  The backstock is limited to some bronze selection. Prices were average. The owner was very helpful in directing us to other stores to find older/silver age issues. This store wasn't bad... it just lacks full selection of older titles.
3	I really loved that there was a comic book store on the strip. I LOVE my comics and it has been that way since I was a kid. The store was a decent size and I like that they feature local comic book artists in their little gallery they have going on. I was just more than a bit disappointed by the size and selection of their comics. I collect many horror comics, many that some people have probably never heard of along with graphic novels, manga, and more well known series. The prices were average and no one came up to greet me. This just was not the store for me.
5	I usually check out Alternate Reality Comics after my Wednesday class.  The selection is broad and organized, and the service is good.  The owner always greets me as I walk in, and is pretty informative about many of the comics that are currently out.  He is a little quiet at first, but he's cool!  All comics usually come with a protective sleeve once you buy them at the register.  Definitely recommend this place to any comic lovers out in the UNLV area.
5	I am a comic nut, and I know numerous store owners in town. In my conversations with these store owners, they have nothing but great things to say about Ralph , the store owner. Many do not know that Ralph is a revered figure in the comic scene. I have seen him donate posters to teachers, I am personally one of those beneficiaries. How many posters did he donate to my class, how about 50? My coworkers have also benefitted from his generosity. I also have seen him go to other comic stores to check and chit chat with them about their well-being.  He is a stand up guy. I used to read strictly superhero comic books and today, I barely read them because I read indie books now because of his influence. I have been going to his store for the last ten years, and I will continue to do so although there are other comic stores that are closer to my house.
5	First class comic shop!!! From the owner to the organization, hell he even has local art for sale. A+
5	Ralph is true comic fan,  really involved in the Las Vegas comic community, and he runs a great store.  It's more than a store, it's a comic cultural center.  Check it out.
5	This is a late review.I visited A.R.C. Two summers ago in 2012 with my 2 sons and daughter. My wife was at a convention and we decided to look up a comic book shop and found this one.I think my middle son snoozed on the yellow couch. ANYWAY (I digress)Ralph and his shop are literally the most Amazing, Sensational and Spectacular comic book shop experience I've ever had outside of my neck of the woods in Orange County CA. Simply fantastic!!  If you are looking for a place to visit, this is it. With all due respect, the other stores in LV are also great, but my kids and I really connected here with Ralph and A.R.C.It's just great, I can't say enough about it. :-)
5	What can I say?  This  place ROCKS!!  Always a friendly greeting as you walk in and a huge selection of comics and goodies, including Comic Book Roses!  they also have guest artists displaying artwork and doing signings!!  It is an EXPERIENCE!!
5	Coolest comic book store in town! A great place to explore comics of different genres and has you exploring. Not only do they have a great variety of comics but it's also a great place to get gifts, board games and shirts. Ralph is the best and his staff are awesome!
5	In Las Vegas for the weekend and my daughter (13) and I needed the next volume of a series we are in to. Ended up leaving with that and a whole lot more.A decent selection of new titles to not only keep the tights and capes crowd happy, but a good selection to reach a variety of other tastes. Graphic novels, small press and a wall of great art. Good comic shops are hard to come by and this one is pretty great. Where this store excels is it's well organized and well though out selection of comics, graphic novels and a nice selection of back issues.Helpful in recommending new titles for our interests. Very friendly. Check it out.
5	Wonderful selection, along with the more obscure comics.
5	I have been a customer of Alternate Reality for a couple of years now, and this store has never let me down. The store is well organized n various categories via Graphic Novels, Publisher, Merch, Back Issues, etc. It makes it very easy to find what you are looking for.The owner of the store, Ralph, has been nothing but nice to everyone who walks in. You can also tell that he loves to promote local artists and comic writers through monthly features. He even has a section in his shop just for local publishers. This store overall holds a lot of events and loves to party! :DI would say that people who are new to comics and people who have been comic book fans for a long time both can benefit from this store. Ralph is always willing to help you find what you need. I would suggest getting a subscription box. It gives you an opportunity to save money, and to make sure you're not missing out on any issues. Even just for one comic, won't hurt!
5	My family and I hit this store twice while vacationing in Vegas. My two sons are comic book mad-- they were in heaven. Me?  I was simply amazed comic books no longer advertise Sea Monkeys and X-Ray glasses. My last x-ray glasses broke long ago and I needed a new pair for inspection purposes. In any event, very nice owner and a fun shop. Check it out.
5	I could go on and on about my wonderful shopping experience at Alternate Reality Comics, but I have a some new books that I'm desperate to read, so here goes the bullet-point version.1) The owner, Ralph, is one of the kindest people I've ever had the chance to meet.2) He also knows his merchandise backwards and forwards and is deeply passionate about what he stocks.Together, this makes for an amazing retail experience. When I confessed to a very slight knowledge of comics, Ralph gave me a tour of his favorites in the shop and pointed out a number of things that I know I'll love. And when I mentioned that I was a children's librarian, hoping to ultimately improve my library's comic collection, he wrote out a very nice list of possible additions. What a wonderful experience! This shopping excursion will long remain one of the highlights of my trip to Vegas.
5	Lie absolutely LOVED this place! There was a HUGE selection, probably one of the biggest I've ever seen at your standard comic book shop! The owner was very nice and super knowledgeable! Since I'm coming from San Bernardino California there aren't to many great comic book shops. So coming here was like MAGIC! This place deserves 10 stars because of the SUPER BIG selection, the organization, and how great the staff was! I recommend this shop to ANY new or seasoned comic book junkie! I WISH my town had shops like this!
5	This is by far my favorite comic shop I have ever been to. I look forward to talking comic books and other topics with Ralph every week. His selection is fantastic too. Huge variety of indie and mainstream comics. I highly recommend Alternate Reality to any serious comic book readers and newbies alike.
5	This is the only comic shop I like going to. The management there is cool and treat me with respect.  I like their comic and t shirt selection there. I probably stop in every few weeks plus I like that its near the library.
