5	This place is literally a shack and hole in the wall place, but it has the BEST red and green chile burritos in all of QC. They are huge. One will do you although you will want to eat more. Go there today!
5	A friend of mine will occasionally bring burritos from this place to work, so I've nibbled on their food occasionally.  I wasn't overfond of their bean burrito, but their 6 Pound Burrito, served enchilada style? -Yum- and I'm not even all that fond of green chille.As Matt S. said, it's literally a shack. But who cares? They've got really good burritos.
4	You've probably seen this place a lot if you drive on Power Rd at all and always wondered if it was legit (given the sign streetside usually always says open).  I was one of those folks as well.It's changed ownership a few times is what the local story has it, but the current owners are kind folks who are cranking out burritos, grande style.I've been there a few times opting for the carne asada/potato, chorizo/egg/bean burrito options  Chorizo for me is a benchmark.  Burrito Shack didn't blow me away with the chorizo offering, it was good, but not great.  Return visits will have me sticking with a variation including carne asada.The burritos are large...you can split one with someone if you want.  I'm not sure why restaurants feel the need to wrap everything in a 36-inch tortilla, but the Shack is no different.  Just prepare yourself.  Cut it in half to start to save the rest for later...unless you are muy hungry.The name states the ambience.  It's a shack.  That covered stuff you see -- it's like the covered parking in a medical parking lot...not enclosed.  If it's cold outside, the Shack will be cold because, well, you're outside.  There is no 'inside' dining.  This is fine by me and I love the 'get your food and find a chair that isn't broken' type places.So stop passing the sign by, pull in and grab some burrito.
2	Wow, I almost feel bad rating this only 2 stars since everyone else rated it so highly, but honestly, I was NOT impressed and I will NOT be back.I drive by here ALL the time, and have always thought, "if a SHACK can stay in business, it MUST be good!"  Well perhaps I had too high of hopes for a shack afterall.I ordered the chicken burrito (my staple at any fast food mexican place), and I was surprised when the girl taking my order said there were beans, cheese and pico inside along with the chicken, but I figured, hey, I'll try it since that's how they make it.... and again, if a shack of a business stays open, they must know what they're doing.Well, after taking my first bite, I realized that I not only was I glad that there were beans, cheese and pico, but it was actually the best part of the burrito.  Although this was a "chicken burrito" - the chicken itself was dry and tasteless and totally ruined the burrito.  I ended up picking out most of it and just eating a "bean, cheese & pico burrito" instead.Another gripe, they gave me their "hot sauce" along with the burrito, and similar to the chicken, it was bland and tasteless.  Wouldn't call it mild, much less hot.Sigh...  Very disappointing meal I must say.
4	Drove by this place & was intrigued but filed it away. Then, minutes later other relatives who had also driven past it mentioned it so we decided to give it a try based on previous reviews.Um, YUM! Between the 8 of us we had quite a sampling of the menu and no one had a single complaint. Carne Asada burrito was the best!Super inexpensive and huge portions!Only 4 stars because it took them 10 mins to give us our drinks and an additional 20 mins before the food was ready.They ran out of chili beef and comped us some chips but it was still a disappointment to those who really wanted it.We will definitely be back the next time we visit the parents!
1	Wow, I'm still the only person that doesn't like this place?? I don't get it. What am I missing? Oh I know... FLAVOR. Gave this place a 2nd try and was even more disappointed than the first time. Got a breakfast burrito with eggs, beans, cheese (supposedly), and green chilies. I may as well have had a piece of cardboard. Seriously, NO FLAVOR. I poured their salsa and hot sauce all over it and I barely noticed it (they use the word "hot" very liberally). Perhaps if I ate meat other than chicken I'd like the food here, but both the chicken burrito I had the first time and the breakfast burrito I had today were tasteless, so 2 strikes and you're out on this one.
5	The Colorado burrito is the best and what great beef tacos! The location is a little inconvenient as they share a small parking lot with 2 other businesses bit the food is. Awesome!
5	Went back to this location to give it another chance and I was beyond blown away of how delicious the breakfast burrito aka known as "the works" was. I most definitely will become a regular customer. I was also impress on how the owner made sure we were taken care of when we went today. Mmmmmm good!!! =-P
5	I eat at the Shack at least once a week.I'll be the first to admit that the exterior of the Shack kept me away for a long time.  I'm a pretty big food snob, so I judge the proverbial book by the proverbial cover and didn't go.It wasn't until a friend took me by the hand and personally escorted me to the Shack that I discovered the gem it is.  Now I'm hooked.  The breakfast burritos have become our whole office's regular Friday tradition,and I'm typically there for a lunch or two during the week.The food is fresh, Kurt and Peggy, the owners, become family after just a visit or two, and the ambiance really begins to grow on you.  It's eclectic!Give the Burrito Shack a try.  You won't be sorry!!
5	One of the best Mexican food restaurants in the East Valley.  The only complaint that I have is that they are only open until 2pm.  I brought my fiance there and she swore she would never eat anything made in what appeared to be a tin shack.  It is now one of  her favorite places to grab a Saturday lunch!  I just wish you were open later so we could eat there more than once a week!
5	So, I refused to go eat there for almost a year but, one day my boyfriend decided to take me in because he use to work for the owners at their previous business. At first I was alittle sketched out but to my suprise it was awesome! It was a great deal for the money and, now I go there every chance I get! If you haven't been you should totally try it out. I've been going there long since I dumped him haha. Don't be scared, it's the shack!
5	My waistline doesn't want to admit it, but I am a regular here, coming in about once every week to two weeks. I love the Colorado red chili, the green chili pork, the carne asada, their hot salsa, Cali burrito....really, the list goes on and on. The burritos are huge and really reasonably-priced. Everyone that works here is super friendly and most days when I pick up my order, someone is sitting there chopping away at delicious fresh onions, tomatoes, peppers for the various dishes. They have a very extensive menu and I really need to try some of the tacos and other items but the burritos are just so darn good! Their patio is covered and not very large but we usually just order ours for pick up and eat at home. I have never been there when there wasn't some form of line but the wait isn't all that long for the food. They have free wi-fi, amazing, quality ingredients, they don't skimp on the meat and fillings in the burritos, either. I will definitely keep coming here.
3	Really good carne asada fries.
5	I've been passing this place daily for 3 years. Finally stopped in for a chorizzo burrito. What a mistake. Now I know that the best breakfast burrito in the world is right there waiting. Time to either change my commute route or buy bigger clothes.I would have stopped years earlier, but from the street it looks a bit scary.  That's obviously by design, and I wouldn't let that stop you if you have been considering trying it out.
4	DO IT!  Put aside any reservations you may have about this little shack and go ahead and give it a shot.  It's a super cute place and it seems like it may be family run and has a very friendly vibe.  I went here after urgings from my friends and I'm so glad I did!  Today is Cinco de Mayo and one of their specials was Cinnamon crisps with fruit salsa and dip (they sold me with a free sample).  DEEELISH!! Seriously, my hungover husband couldn't eat much, but he sure was able to scarf this down.  The fruit salsa is like pureed strawberries and other fruit and it was perfection.  My husband said he could have drank it, it was that good.  I'm glad we gave it a shot since I don't think it's regularly on the menu, but maybe we can petition for it to be a permanent menu addition...I had a carne asada burrito, the carne is good chunks of tasty meat and the tortilla was great.  My husband got the carne asada fries which were pretty basic but not as exciting as the ones he used to always get in LA with his buddies.  All in all, I'll definitely be back, and I actually want to eat there instead of doing take out... at least before it gets too hot.  The ambiance is really cute and laid back.  I'll be back for breakfast!
5	I came across Burrito Shack on accident.... I was really hungry and just happened to drive by... I was scared at first by the looks of the building but it was all worth it. Sadly, their food is too good and I can't stop going... I recommend the Carne Asada Fries!
4	After living in Gilbert for 11 years I finally tried the burrito shack. Every time I pass by there's no one there so finally I went before noon. I explained to the lady it was my first time there. She was so friendly and welcoming. A big burrito for under 6$. Prices are great. They are not scared to fill your burrito with lots of meat. The chicken burrito with green chile was delicious. The steak burrito just tasted like steak. The shredded beef taco was good. The hot suave was not hot enough. I'll go back to satisfy my Mexican tastebud needs. I love the service and enthusiasm.
2	C'mon folks. Anyone going more than 3 stars here is being silly.This is about on par with Filibertos except in a much dirtier environment. Dusty non air conditioned dining area with super uncomfortable seating. This is a very LDS style hodge podge of a dining area. Whatever could be found at the Thrift store if I had to guess.Nice people working there though. Don't expect a conversation however if you are from out of town. People in this part of AZ are very very dry.
4	I really like this place. Probably because of the location: about two miles from my house, the owners: just friendly good people, the clientele: construction workers, crusty old guys, I'm not sure I've ever seen another woman there now that I think of it...They make a big, inexpensive, good burrito. My oldest boys loves the breakfast burrito with potatoes and bacon. And I mean bacon. Real, huge, chunks of delicious bacon. Man bacon. It's delicious. Not that I've ever gotten one of these because women have no business eating huge, bacon burritos right? Yeah. That's it. Never. On to girly food: green chile pork is delish. My younger boys always loves the bean & cheese.  And it's awesome on the way to the lake in the morning. Did I mention it really is a shack?? Really Really.
4	LOVE THIS PLACE! It's literally a shack, not much to look at, but don't let that fool you! I love the Mexican food here, it is scrumdidallyumpshious! Prices are cheap and you get a ton of food! My favorite is their Carne Asada Burrito! Stuff full with steak, beans, pico, guacamole.... my tummy is very happy after eating here! I got my food baby on (huge full tummy that makes me look pregnant) then I went back to work and tried to concentrate while in a bliss of food comaness! Great little spot for a quick bite!
4	One of my favorite places when I went to ASU Poly. I drove by it daily 5x a week for a whole semester but never stopped. It was not until my last final I had some time to kill beforehand and I was starving at 9am. Think I got a ham breakfast burrito (ham, potatoes, cheese, onions, tomatoes). It was soo good I scarfed it down, which was a bad idea to stuff myself before my final. So I didn't return again until the following semester and dropped by almost weekly. These times I pretty just ordered the basic bean and cheese burrito. Just the sheer size for $2 was great, but again added my free (L, O, and T) and made it taste even better. I didn't mind the setting, free water, and parking because my filling lunch was less than $3 with tax. I liked the owners, the lady was always nice and remembered my order.I do miss this place because my major did get switched to downtown and then graduated. If I didn't live 30 miles away I would definitely be a regular again.
5	Love burrito shack. Don't ever let the looks of it fool you. Great food, nice people and did I mention great food?!?!I was skeptical about going to the Burrito shack at first, but once I did I get it pretty often. I have not tried many things because I am stuck on one burrito because it is so good. The service is always friendly and even when the wait is long they still get your food to you as fast as possible and my order is always correct.
4	PHENOM place for breakfast, and great for lunch.  They close at 2 pm!
5	Really good food and a good selection.  The shack burro is great!
4	The works breakfast burrito with a bag of chips and salsa! Ohh yeah!!
4	Their enchiladas [red] rival some of the best New Mexican food I've had...and I'm a multi- generation New Mexico native born and raised .  I crave their red chile.  Only occasionally in the area for work related reasons (I have an office/Fire Center at Mesa-Gateway Airport) I have no issue eating lunch there every other day while working there.  But when I get a craving and I am not wanting to cook it myself and I am not in the area, I am so willing to drive the 35/40 minutes one way  from home just to get my fix.  Yes, with places like Dick's Hideaway/Richardson's relatively just up the street from me, I would drive to the Burrito Shack just for their red chile (burrito, enchiladas, or burrito enchilada style).I have not tried their green chile but if it is as good and authentic as the red, oh watch out.  They are known for their burritos for good reason too.  They are quite large and the ingredients quality.  The price is sooo right here.  Very reasonable for the very generous portions.  This place is nothing fancy.  It has "patio"/outdoor dining but nothing indoor.  It is almost literally a shack.  During the summer I recommend calling your order in ahead and picking it up to avoid the wait in the heat as their Order/Pick-Up window is not an enclosed air conditioned situation.
5	Amazing food. Everything hand made and fresh. I eat here multiple times a week and have yet to have it disappoint.
5	Stopped in to this place and it was hopping.  Seems like a lot of ASU Poly students frequent this place, and after eating here, I see why!  Got a beef burrito, and it was good sized, and the beef was spiced right. Great hot sauce made every bite delicious. Prices were lower than I expected, I will definitely be stopping by regularly from now on. I don't mind the shack part, but be aware it literally is a shack!
2	Great customer service and a cheap price ($7 for a carne asada burrito w/small drink) but the food was overall decent at best and not nearly as authentic as I hoped it would be. If you are looking for some authentic Mexican food, go somewhere else.
4	very good enchilada style breakfast burritos. Im from Albuquerque and it reminds me of when i lived there.
5	Don't judge a book by its cover. Their rustic exterior contains excellent service and great burritos (I had the green chile & pork breakfast burrito). Can't wait to come back and try more of the menu. Don't miss this place when you're in the east valley.
5	Whoa nelly! This place is amazing! Great service with a smile at the walk up window, the food is made in small batches with love! The Connis burrito is great, the chunky salsa I will dream about! Don't let the exterior keep you away, this place rocks!!!!
5	This place was amazing!  Like everyone one else, we would drive by and it looks scary on the outside.  We read a few Yelp reviews just to see what it was a bout and decided to try it.  I am so glad we did!  You are greeted by the nicest person taking your order.  They are very helpful for first timers.  You can see everyone in the back making things from scratch in small batches.  We got a Connis Burrito, chips and salsa, a ground beef taco (My new favorite!) and a chicken taco.  The food was amazing and we had to order more salsa as we ate it all.  The service was great and they remembered our name.  They ran out of some things and someone came out and apologized to everyone and told them their food would be out shortly.  No one seemed to care as everything was being made fresh.  It's really clean on the inside and the food is made with love!
5	This is my new favorite fast food Mexican restaurant. Tried carne asada, quesadilla, and machaca all great. Hot salsa is great with a little kick. Mild is ok, but a little watery for my taste. This is a must try!
5	I love this place. I have been taking my friends and they love it too. I have only ever ordered breakfast but it is amazing!!! The staff is also great! Im starting to get to know the entire family. Nicest people ever.
4	This place has off hours, but if you happen to be driving by while it's open you should defiantly stop in.  All of their burritos are awesome!  Dining in is a bit like dining in a shack so I guess it stands up to its name.
5	Wherever highschool and college kids hang out ot get lunch, I'm always going to check it out. They (the hs kids) are usually frugal (cheap) and want lots of quantity and decent-good quality. I had literally driven past this place a few times right when I moved into the neighborhood and missed it. I checked it on Yelp, but I was a little put-off by the overall appearance. Don't let it fool you.Visually the place is right out of something you'd see in TJ, They say they put the money back into the food and not the building. You'll find old plastic lawn chairs and homemade wooden tables to sit at, It adds to the legitimacy of the business - you come here for the food and VERY casual setting. There has been a lot of construction on Power road, which has made access sometimes tough if you're in a lowered car. The parking lot is gravel/dirt. The owners and workers inside are so nice. I once bought a candy bar from her son who was selling them for a fundraiser. They are polite and never ever rude.It can take a little bit of time to get your order, especially if they are busy. If you're in a jam for time- call it in ahead so it's ready for you. I have had California burrito, taquitos (rolled tacos), quesadilla, bean rice cheese potato (BRCP) burrito, fries and chips. I haven't had any breakfast burritos... yet.If you're hungry, I would suggest the "Shack" size on the burrito size, as its well, duh, bigger. It's not Chipotle with-every-ingredient-possible-sized-burrito big, but its moderately big.
3	Not bad, not great. Got a bacon breakfast burrito, added ham. Good burrito, but it wasn't that hot. Given, we drove over somewhere else to eat them, so they may have lost their temp on the way over, but if they were hot to begin with, the cheese would have melted, which it didn't. No big deal, still not a bad burrito. Nothing to write home about, though. I definitely want to try it again, eat it right away and give it another chance.Not really blown away like other reviewers were.
4	A real hole in the wall joint in a gravel lot - What this place lacks in aesthetics it makes up in price and quality. The price is pretty comparable to Chipotle and Filibertos and they have a pretty decent amount of choices on their menu. Stick to anything with Carne Asada!The hours are a bit weird too 6:30am-2pm
4	Operative words for this place are cheap and tasty. Get anything with carne asada. It is actually in a shack, so don't expect too much ambiance other than large wooden tables full of construction workers and college students from down the road. I would suggest calling your order in ahead as the line at lunch can get long.
5	Had "The Shack" breakfast burrito. Probably the best one I've had in a while. Usually I can't finish the entire thing but it was so darn good I couldn't stop.The Shack, with a Mtn Dew at 830 in the morning is a good start to a Saturday!Location is really awesome as well, it truly is a shack. Cool decor and makes you feel like your somewhere else!
1	Read all the rave reviews about this place. Finally stopped by to give it a shot. Friendly staff however extremely disappointing food. Ordered the carne asada fries and beef taco. Flavorless...seriously..
3	Had the California burrito here. It was a burrito with French fries inside that was unique. Nothing outstanding but nice to mix it up if your tired of the average burrito.
5	Although this place looks like something from a shanty town, don't let that scare you because the place is sanitary and serves great mexican food. It's decently priced and I haven't had anything I don't like. Everything is home-made as far as I can see and tastes delicious. Just make sure you remember the hours since they're a little odd. I love their green chile pork and potato burrito. Large servings fill you up so you could even split a burro if you don't eat a lot. I would put aside any prejudice from the look and give this place a try.
5	I love this place. The food is awesome! I usually get the Country breakfast burrito. It has gravy & is pretty amazing! The place is nothing to look at. I never actually stay and eat. I just order and go. To make it faster just call ahead to order. The burritos come in smaller or shack size. I always get smaller and can never finish the whole thing. They are quite a good size for being smaller. The prices are really good, too. I usually get the hot & mild sauce with my burrito because I can't get enough. The hot doesn't have heat (it takes A LOT for me) but it's pretty good. If you want something delicious for cheap & you're ok if the place isn't fancy then I recommend the shack.
4	You want to talk about a little secret in Gilbert? This is it. I drove right past this place for years when I went to ASU East and I've lived right around the corner for 3 years now. It's a dump on the outside... Literally a shack, but a friend recommended it, so I tried it for breakfast. Seriously, one of the best breakfast burritos I've ever had. Customer service is great, too. I just wish this place was advertised a little better, because I would have came here sooner!
5	Love this little Mexican burrito shack! The carnesada is good! I love the beans and rice too!
5	For breakfast this morning I had the green chile breakfast burrito and added ham. Perfect!  I love this place.
5	Love love love this place.  It is our go to Breakfast for Saturday morning.  Don't let the outside fool you there is some seriously good eats happening inside this magical shack. We usually go for the Shack burrito or the Works. We have never had a bad bite of food from this place and recommend it to everyone.
5	One of the best places to get a burrito around here, a favorite spot of mine.  Cheap but delicious, can't beat it.  Sure you may be eating it in a shack, but if you wanted an upscale ambiance than why would you go to a place with "shack" in the name?
5	Love seeing all of the positive feedback on this place, my parents are the owners and this makes me very proud and happy. Not to be biased or anything even if they weren't the owners I would love it just the same everything there is delicious they have the best carne asada and green chili the food is full of flavor and love. I strongly suggest this place. Go on your lunch break or take the family. My husband loves the food just as much as I do. Keep up the good work!!!
5	ok, so I worked at the ASU Polytechnic campus for 3 years before trying the Burrito Shack.  Students, faculty, and staff would all rave about it but I refused to eat anything from a shack.  I was so worried about the quality of food.  One adventurous morning, I stopped by for a breakfast burrito.  Oh my goodness!  It was heaven.  I cannot believe that I worked there for 3 years without trying it.  LOVE it!  I was able to get a small egg/cheese/potato burrito with a small coke for about $3.50.  Seriously.  Cheap but delicious.  It is so delicious!  You will not regret it!
4	Great breakfast burritos!! Wow!!! So moist and juicy. I will be back for sure! Make sure you bring your own napkins and clean your table but it's worth it!
3	First ime at the location. Was looking for a pollo asada burrito. They did not have. I ended up getting a carne asada burrito. Their type of Mexican food I would consider different than the standard style. Kinda like taco bell, they love adding beans and cheese to everything. I personally don't like it and did not will not return. I felt the burrito was small in comparison to a junk place like Filibertos. Expecially considering half the burrito was beans.The food; good quality. I liked the tortilla, carne asada, guacamole, pico, it all seem to be of good quality. The carne asada was good quality steak and was surprisingly tender. Atmosphere; not bad for a hole in the wall. Did not see a restroom.
5	Numerous choices all fantastic. Friendly staff.  Amazing quality at an affordable price.  Hidden gem of Gilbert.  For breakfast I recommend the country and for lunch I recommend Connie's Favorite.
5	Best burritos I've ever tasted from NV to AZ! Seriously can't find anywhere comparable
5	absolutely LOVE this place. Great food and unique atmosphere.
2	Tried Burrito Shack for bfast -- it was adequate, but didn't live up to the Yelp hype.Burritos came in 2 sizes, though the difference between the large and small was hard to discern.  Eggs were good and sausage was ok, but I was halfway into my burrito before I got a bite of potato.  As for the spuds, Burrito Shack uses crinkly fries; I prefer hash browns or home fries at bfast.For me, the best part of BShack was the friendly service.  I'd like to return and try some of their non-breakfast burritos, as the menu looks very promising. However, I can't offer more than 2-stars based on my first experience . . .CheersRS
2	I have been driving by this place for a year.  I love dives and authentic Mexican food.  I was terribly disappointed.  I ordered the carne asada burrito and a taco.  The burrito was big and had great value.  However, it was dry and the steak was tough and chewy.  The taco was not good value for $1.95.  It was no no bigger or better than the  69 cent basic taco that you get at fast food places.  Sorry yelpers but my review does not agree with the majority.
3	Came for my all time favorite breakfast a breakfast buritto. Amazing green chili! Being from the Colorado/new Mexico area I am a huge fan of green chili and this is the best I have found around here. Flavor is incredible and spice is just right.Unfortunately the eggs in the buritto were a real let down and I think could use a big improvement. Overall pretty dang good though.
5	The only bad thing about this place is not knowing what to order because everything is so amazing! I love the breakfast burritos. First timers need to either try "The Country" or "The Shack". Burrito Shack is my gold standard for burritos, and I take all of my out of town visitors there. They are never disappointed. Everything is super fresh and super delicious! Keep up the good work!
5	The green Chile pork breakfast burrito is the bomb. Will be making a pit stop here a lot more often. Definitely check this place out if you have the chance. You won't be disappointed.
4	Good people get high reviews.  We went to Burrito Shack over the holidays, and the employees there were fantastic and friendly.  Honestly, the burritos were so-so.  We are from New Mexico, so we do lots of Mexican - I thought the plain burrito with red chile was awesome.  The rest seemed really dry.  "Carne" is carne aside, not carne adovada - a substantial letdown, but probably my fault for assuming based on my New Mexico roots.  Overall - it was good.  I will go back again, I am sure.
5	The Burrito Shack will not disappoint you. Don't let the exterior fool you. I live in the area and pass the Shack on a daily basis. Seamed to be closed until I learned their hours of operation,  6:30 - 2. The burritos are all ways freshly made and the staff as cheerful as can be. Always a pleasant experience.
5	The Burrito Shack will not disappoint you. Don't let the exterior fool you. I live in the area and pass the Shack on a daily basis. Seamed to be closed until I learned their hours of operation,  6:30 - 2. The burritos are all ways freshly made and the staff as cheerful as can be. Always a pleasant experience.
5	I love the food that comes out of their kitchen.  Absolutely 5 star dinning.  Every item that I have tried has no equal.  I drive down from Snottsdale, for tacos and burritos.  Well worth the drive.
5	Fantastic! Don't let the idea of shack turn you off, may look run down from the outside but the food and the employees are far from it. All the employees have an excellent energy about them. The red sauce is better then Los'. The California burrito is excellent with juicy freshly cooked steak. Will be back for round two for Connies favorite! Thanks shack.
