5	On our way back to LA and needed something to grub on before the traffic drive home. Saw the yelp review on the other place but wanted to check this one out because it's on Las Vegas Blvd. Really good food and a really friendly staff. This is located in the Town Square plaza. Had the 1/2 chicken and chicken kabob. Very flavorful and savory. Was our first time and staff was more than happy to help us and answer any of our questions. Pita bread is nice and hot! Hummus is delicious and so is the couscous. Another plus is that they have a very advanced digital coke machine. Plenty of choices to choose from. They also serve beer! Nice flat screen tvs on each other. Really can't find anything to complain about. LOL. Who normally leaves tip in a dine-in type fast food joint? Nobody! But they earned/deserved it from our party.
5	From a great weekend with friends in Vegas, we decided to grab lunch before we drove back to LA. We went on Yelp and ended up here. They stated that they have only been open for 4 days. The other location had good reviews so we ended up eating here.The place was clean, the staff is nice and there is parking all around because it's at the shopping center.Food was amazing. I got their Chicken and Steak Plate, it had the cucumber salad, hummus, couscous and their serving of meat was good too. They also gave you a side of soft and fresh pita. It was aaahh-mazing!If you want a place with good food for a good value, please go there and visit! I will definitely be going back!
5	Grabbed a bite here before heading to the movies.  Had the chicken skewer and steak skewer.  Both were great!  Comes with Pita,hummus,  A salad, and Couscous.  They also have one of those cool new Coke fountains that has an endless selection.  The deliver your food to your table and ask you how your doing after a few minutes.  Was a nice touch.  Walk past all the other overpriced restaurants in Town Square and heat for Crazy Pita!
5	We originally went to Bonefish but their waiting time was 30 mins. Good thing that was the case otherwise we would've not  gotten the opportunity to try this place out.   Glad we did. We got a friendly hello as soon as we walked in. Took us a little while to decide on what to order but the cashier was super friendly. He didn't make us feel rush at all...thank goodness no one was behind us tho! I ordered the mixed grill of any 2 skewers (chicken & steak) for me on that and my boyfriend got the chicken pita. Great choice!  The food took about 10 mins but when it finally arrived...the food was SUPER HOT exactly the way I like my food.  Hot, fresh,...and YUMMY!  The cashier came and check on us several times to see how we're doing. Very nice young man with great service and positive attitude. We will definitely come back again due to not only great and tasty good but AWESOME service!!!
3	Ate here the other night and was a little disappointed.  Being from a Mediterranean background the food really didn't quite do it for me.  They offered the typical meals, however the touch they added just fell short.  I had the chicken kabob skewer which came with a small salad, humus and couscous which wasn't bad.  The only thing that was on point was the service.  The waiter brought my food out fairly quickly and was very courteous.  He cleared our table and plates within minutes of us finishing.  Overall I probably wouldn't go back for the food but I may go and try something else just for the service.
5	Food is so good here! Flavors are spot on and will make you crave it more!!!!  And they have lamb which makes me happy. Always friendly service!
5	One of my favorite lunch places in town,  always friendly and every time delicious,  I used to drive all the way to Green Valley for this place and now so happy they opened Towne Square location, I've already eaten there 6 or 7 times  since they opened only a month or so ago.
4	First off, the service here was great. You order at the counter and they deliver the food. Even though this is not a table service restaurant the staff was great about occasionally checking on you. The food was good too, we had a few things:- Hummus was very good- Pita was warm, tasty and there was plenty- Grape Leaves were a little soggy, the leaves did not have that slight snap that you look for, I would not get them again- Falafel  was good as wellOverall I would go here again, we diddnt try any of the kebobs but they smalled great.
3	What is there to say about Crazy Pita.I am keeping in mind that this is a "casual Mediterranean" spot. That means that it isn't trying to achieve any level of authenticity. It's just trying to be a business. With this in mind, it's a fine place to grab a bite.I'm usually looking for a good place to pick up quality falafel. So guess what I got? A falafel plate. I got an extra chicken skewer with that. The falafel was... different. Usually the inside of a falafel is a much lighter color than the deep fried outside. Not true here. It was one color through and through - brown. This is weird. It also wasn't particularly crunchy. The appeals of a good falafel were not present, but for quality nothing was lacking. The ingredients tasted good and appeared fresh. Hummus is watery. The salad is light on flavor even though it is completely drenched in olive oil and vinegar. This is because there are few spices included. Obviously, pita bread is on the side. Some roast red pepper is on the side as well. It's all good and fine. It's "casual."Service is quick. Quality is good. Place is clean. That's really all that needs to be said for casual. If you're looking for authenticity, this isn't it. Luckily, they aren't claiming anything of the sort. They aren't pushing their hypothetical roots as a sales pitch. It's just food. Would I come back? Sure.
5	Best Mediterranean food in town! Perfectly cooked meats with tons of flavor. Excellent combos. All at reasonable prices. Plus the owner is one of the nicest people you will ever meet and helps support the Josh Stevens foundation.  https://www.facebook.com/JoshStevensFoundation
4	Amazing chicken pita and feta salad. Great good, great service, clean and very friendly spot & reasonable prices. Will definitely become a regular here.
5	I love this place! The salmon skewers are excellent. They come with warm pita bread and hummus, also a little salad and couscous. It's delicious! The place is clean, staff is very friendly. They have a small outdoor patio. Oh and they even have a couple of craft beers! Great addition to Town Square.
4	After arriving at Town Square and realizing NO restaurant let dogs in their outside dining patio we stumbled across Crazy Pita with starved stomachs and 2 dogs in tow. I decided to ask for the 5th time if we could eat in their patio with our 2 dogs and they said "of course" Yessssss, this was the place to eat (considering it was the only dog friendly place)Food was really good but pretty expensive for what you get. We got a salad with 2 skewers and a steak pita with 1 large drink = $26 bucks!!! Oh well but they allowed my doggies to be with us while we ate. Nice, quick bite, dog friendly.
3	it's my second time going here and I tried other places and this is an ok spot. people are friendly and service is good, but not as flavorful to me compared to the other places I tried
4	I really enjoy the Crazy Pita in Henderson, and I was excited to see that a new location was opening in my part of town. This Crazy Pita is tucked in the corner of the Town Square shopping center, across the way from Yard House. It's a very open and inviting space. The menu is posted on the wall behind the cashiers, and once you place your order and pay, they give you a number to place at your table where they will deliver your food. I ordered a chicken pita plate; it comes with a side of fries. My husband ordered a 2 skewer plate (one chicken, one beef), and once we received our dishes we began our feast. The pita bread is warm and soft, and the amount of chicken they give you is generous. They add a good helping of chopped veggies and some salad on top. My only concern with the pita was the meat and veggies were so juicy that it soaked my pita bread and made it difficult to eat towards the end. The french fries were shoe-string style, but they were just average as far as sides are concerned. Next time, I will pay the additional $0.99 to upgrade to another side. Will I be back to feast at this Crazy Pita? Yup, you bet! The food is excellent quality, the staff is friendly, and even though it's not the cheapest option in Town Square, it's certainly one of the most tasty!
4	The first thing I noticed about this little restaurant was how clean and sparkly everything is. I like how bright and cheery it is inside.  You order from the cashier and then you find a table and they bring your food to you.  They also clear your table, so it's kind of a combination of sit-down and self-serve.I had never been here before so I wanted to browse the menu a bit, but it was slow when we went in so the cashier was just waiting on us to place our order. I felt a bit pressured and rushed so I just ordered the lamb pita with a side of French fries. I was expecting something like a gyro, where the meat is shaved or at least in thin slices, but it was actually kind of large chunks of meat in the pita, making it impossible to eat.  It was really delicious and the meat was tender, but with veggies and sauce spilling all over my hands, the table, my plate as I tried not to get whole giant chunks of meat in one bite, I ended up having to eat most of it with a fork and knife. I think smaller chunks of meat would have helped tremendously.My friend ordered the combo skewers and she got chicken and steak. YUM!!!  This combo came with hummus, rice and veggies.  The beef was very flavorful and tender.  The chicken was good but just slightly on the dry side.Overall, I really liked it and will definitely add this into my lunch rotation. Next time I want to try the beef patties!
4	Good service, fresh pita, with a nice falafel and one of those sweet million flavor coke machines!
4	I like this place a lot. If you park in the lot behind "I love burgers", it's fairly simple to walk to. I always get the Mediterranean salad, add a steak kebab and a drink...the price comes to $12 and some change. Great price for eating somewhat healthy. Their Coca-Cola machine rules, it has 100 selections.. love it!
5	I think this place is great. I have enjoyed the food every time.  The service is always friendly but super slow! I will go back but not often. The steak pita is good minus the hummus. The children's chicken plate is delicious and enough food for my child. The 1/2 chicken plate is amazing! They need a rotisserie chicken pita and I would probably come here all the time!I normally ask for extra olives and they give me a whole container worth every time without problems. I will go back to this place because it seems that it is getting better every time I go.
2	This is a casual restaurant where you order at the counter and food is brought to your table.  My wife ordered the chicken skewer plate and I ordered the lamb skewer.  Each came with vegetable cous cous, a small salad, hummus and pita bread.  The food was on the bland side with the meat overdone and dry. I saved a few dollars by using a coupon I found in the Zip Code Magazine.    (
5	My wife and I ate here for the first time yesterday and we will be back.  We had our little pomeranian with us and they accommodated us on the outside patio.  We both had the chicken pita and loved the quality and cooking of the chicken breast in addition to the refreshing cucumbers inside the pita.  The hummus was great.....I would love it if they heated up the pita chips to accompany the hummus to make it even more scrumptious.  That is just me though!!  It was great and we will be back soon!
4	Sometimes you have to eat with co-workers and brainstorm ideas. This is the perfect place they have great food! The pita are phenomenal. The cuscus was blain. Not tasty at all. But the lamb skewer is a most have.
3	I was so excited to try this place because I always pass by it whenever I go to Townsquare. Finally, I had time to stop by and try a pita!I went and got a falafel pita that comes with french fries. If you'd like, you can substitute it with another side for .99! The falafel was not that good, however. I felt like it didn't have a lot of flavor. I may be a little biased since I had the best falafel back in the East Coast, but I try not comparing it.The ambiance is really nice. Its a cute place and nice location. I am just not crazy about these pitas! I may try another one and hopefully, it'll be better than the falafel!
3	I was very excited to try this place, so I came for lunch with friends. The problem I have is the meal I ordered came out about 15 minutes after the meals of my friends, who placed their orders after mine. Sitting and watching everyone eat for 15 min made me a little grouchy, but did enjoy what I got:) The server apologized for the long wait, but I'm not in a hurry to go back.
3	I decided to come here because my business partner frequents this place often.  The restaurant is located in Town square around the corner from Guitar Center, next to the AMC movie theatre.The good news is that the place is pretty healthy so I will be back since its so close to my work.  But as far as mediterranean places go, its pretty standard fair.  I had the chicken pita as well as the chicken kabob plate.  Both were solid but not phenomenal.  There's a touch of curry in the chicken kabob and it sits on a bed of tiny quinoa (not sure if its quinoa but same consistency).  Also comes with small side salad and pita bread.It does get a little crazy around lunch so be prepared for a little hectic-ness when waiting in line..they only have one register.  The service is pretty solid as you can tell the wait staff really cares about making sure the customers are happy.
5	We ate here over Memorial Weekend. The food was good and the service was great. My daughter is 8 and loved everything. We tried shrimp, steak, lamb, chicken, grape leaves and when we ran out of pita they gave us more for my daughter. We will be back.
4	The food is great, the service is way above average, the place is super clean and the prices are very decent. It's a new Town Square favorite. Great for before or after a movie since it's right by AMC Cinemas.
3	Been a repeat visitor and have enjoyed my meals here.Tend to stick to our usual order of shrimp pita and/or Mixed Skewer Plate (steak & shrimp) which comes with hummus, pita, salad, and vegetable cous cous.  Fairly healthy meal. Steak can be overdone and dry at times.Staff is friendly (a wee bit attentive at times if the restaurant isn't busy). Place is very clean and bright. Tend to come here if I find a coupon in the zip code mailer.I'd recommend this place if you're in town square and looking for a healthy meal with fairly short wait time.
4	31 May 2014, 12:45pI was checking out the Town Center mall and decided to stop here for lunch based on the reviews.  The restaurant was very bright and airy and the employees were very friendly.  After taking a quick peek at the menu, I decided on:Mixed Grill of Lamb Skewer and FalafelWhile sitting at my table waiting for my food, one of the employees brought over plastic utensils and napkins.  I also noticed they have free wi-fi.  Shortly thereafter, my food arrived and looked fantastic.  The food runner asked if I wanted to try a harissa sauce and brought a small container when I said yes.The food looked very good and I was pretty hungry so I dove right in.  Hummus is one of my favorite things and the pitas accompanying my meal were very fresh. Unfortunately the hummus was a little too smooth for me.  I know that hummus varies and the flavor was very good, but I like a little more consistency.  I'm sure others will prefer it this way and I'm in no way knocking the restaurant for it, just airing my preferences.The salad was also very fresh and flavorful.  I like that the cucumbers were diced allowing them to pile more onto the plate.  The lamb was a bit tough and not very flavorful, but the harissa added a nice kick.  Contrary to some of the other reviews I skimmed over, I thought the falafels were very tasty.  I also liked the roasted vegetables laid over the cous cous to support the skewer and the falafels.  The cous cous itself was very fine, to which I'm not really accustomed.  It also was very light, so it had a tendency to fly all over the place when I was cutting my lamb.Overall, I enjoyed the meal and the portions are very generous.  I'd definitely return and try a pita next time if I'm not as hungry.  The food was good, the employees are very friendly and the prices are reasonable.
4	The food is great! The service is way beyond average! Super clean! Reasonable prices! Also great for catering! We have has Crazy Pita catered in for work, which is actually how this place became one of my favorites!
3	$4.97 for a soda * straight face* a little over priced. The pitas are pretty good. My husband loves this place.
5	The flavor on this Chicken Marinated Skewer Plater is delicious.  I will definitely bring our girlz here.  See the pic it WAS DELICIOUS!
5	The staff here is super friendly and the pitas are delicious! I also recommend the roasted eggplant dip.
5	Had dinner here with a friend while we were hanging out at Town Square.  It's a bit pricey, but the food is so good.  During my visit, I had an iced tea and lamb pita.  Ordering was quick and easy and food was delivered promptly. They also bus the table so you can rest easy and it's so awesome they have free wifi.  Don't forget to ask for taziki sauce with your pita!
3	Finally, a casual quick food dining place in Townsquare for those of us who are hungry but not sit-down restaurant-waiter-type hungry. I love Mediterranean food but this spot missed on the hummus and the pita bread (crucial elements in the whole experience). The hummus was too watery and had this nutty flavor not to my liking while the pita bread was clearly store-bought (I'm pretty sure I bought the same one from costco once). The best thing we tried was the chicken skewer which justifies for the 'rotisserie' part of the establishment. In fact, it was what we tried on the sample plate out front before deciding to eat here.
4	Had falafel and chicken pitas here, and both were fantastic. If you love cucumber, you will LOVE the refreshing taste of the sauce - I am not a big fan of cucumber, but I still enjoyed it. It's perfect for hot summer lunch/dinner. The meat/falafel were well seasoned. Nothing was burned, nothing was too salty. They do sell alcohols (beers and wines). Its located near the yard house. Across from the street, there's a burger shop and parking lot. We used to drive all the way to green valley ranch for a good falafel, so we were happy to have found this place. The service was above average, restaurant cleanness is impeccable(well, it's bland new), and we will definitely return to try more. We wish this place survives at town square for a long time.
5	This place is great! So many tasty options and healthy choices. I work in the mall and need a quick snack sometimes so I get the pita and hummus most of the time and it's a great huge serving. I usually have a lot of leftover hummus and will have it with chips from home later. I've gotten the chicken pita many times and recently tried the shrimp pita, both are great! The staff and owner are very friendly and treat you like a restaurant customer instead of just a quick service place that wants you to leave and make room for the next customer. If you're looking to have a quick cheaper meal in Town Square, go here.
5	I loved this place, i'm glad i decided to stop and try it. Very clean great customer service.  Super fresh food hot and delicious, prices are also very reasonable.  I loved the Skewer shrimp plater everything about it was sooo Yummy, they give you decent amount of food also.  The Pita bread and hummus are soo delish and hummus is very creamy.  I recommend this place if u ever find your self looking for something affordable and yummy to eat at Town Square.
4	Wow, this is a hidden treasures here. Impressive set of flavors and skill in developing the taste of the dishes. Tried two pitas and they were excellent.  The ground beef Kefta pita is shockingly good with tasty seasoning.  Great light char on the outside and a medium to medium well on the inside. Juicy and full of flavor. This is my new lunch spot for Town Square. Try it.I would change the fries that come with the pita. They are very basic and don't match the flavor quality of the pita. I think either some kind of seasoned fry would be good, with a bit more complexity.I will get a side of humus next time.
4	Crazy Pita is located in the far end corner of Town Square next to the new Gameworks location and i Love Burgers. I've been in a gyro/pita mood as of late, and had my eye on this place for a while. I ordered a Felafel Pita ($7.99) with, of course, a side of tzatziki sauce. Crazy Pita's Felafel Pita had a twist to it because it had the unexpected additions of hummus and roasted peppers in the wrap. I'm still undecided whether I like this new take better than the classic version however. ;) What really stood out for me was how incredibly fresh the felafel was. It was warm, moist, and almost had the texture of a meatball. Not to be a Debbie Downer, but the fries that came with the meal were downright tiny (as in portion size)! What am I, a toddler? A girl's gotta eat! Overall though, the food was great.The service was quite attentive, although I should add it was pretty empty inside. The restaurant was impeccable, cleanliness wise. For a meal for two, the bill came to around $21. If I'm in Town Square and need a quick hassle free meal, I'll definitely return to Crazy Pita.
5	Entered into the patio seating with a Yorkie.  Order at the counter.  Take your number to your table and they bring your food over when it is ready.  Server was so kind to also grab a bowl of water for the dog.  Quite hot sitting outside.  She played with the dog a bit, and said "I will have to wash my hands but you are just so cute!"  Which was assuring.  I work in service and am a chronic hand washer!  LolThe food was great. Steak pita: meat was tender and tasty. The pita soft.  Refreshing cucumber.  Eggplant sauce and yogurt sauces really come together nicely.  Fresh clean and well put together compared to other Mediterranean spots I have tried.  Would eat here again.
3	Pretty good feed here. I got a vegetarian pita since I wanted something light and all the ingredients sounded good: roasted eggplant dip, roasted cauliflower, roasted red bell pepper, olives and feta. It tasted good too but I thought it was a little small for the $7.99 price tag. It comes with a small pile of fries as well. Service was above average though - very helpful and nice.
4	Yummy food served up fresh and quick. I tried the Chicken Skewer Plate. For $8.99  you get a chicken skewer (seasoned & grilled just right) , couscous (light & fluffy) with a variety of mixed squash (zucchini, kabocha & butternut) , cucumber feta salad (cool & refreshing), hummus (different than others I have tried but good) and pita bread (soft & warm). Restaurant is clean & cozy.  Service was excellent.
4	Pretty good overall. The chicken skewer was tender and juicy. The kefta pita was quite large- good flavor and the meat was flavorful and easy to eat...but it was pretty oily. My pita was leaking juice and oil. I didn't care for the falafel at all (I love falafel btw). The hummus was decent but almost runny... and the homemade hot sauce hade a nice kick to it but had a strong vinegar-like taste.
4	I've been on a huge Mediterranean kick lately and I love this lunch spot. The staff is always friendly and accommodating. I really like that, even after the order has been placed and I've received my food, the staff comes by to check and make sure everything is good. It's a nice touch for a 'fast food' type restaurant. I generally order the chicken pita. It is marinated then rotisserie'd chicken covered in also marinated tomatoes, cucumbers and olives. On top of that - dressed lettuce, and feta cheese. The pita it is served in is soft and delicious and it comes with a side of French fries. I also like that this location has one of those new Coca Cola Freestyle Machines. Vanilla Diet Dr. Pepper rocks my world in a super serious way! This place is always clean and there is plenty of seating inside and outside on their patio. I'm a regular here and I highly highly recommend!
4	I ordered the chicken and beef skeeters. It was very tasty and the portion was very good. We will dig finitely come back.
2	I wanted to like this place I really did. I had to go three times because every time they were out of Lamb meat. I am thinking it must be amazingly good if they keep running out right? So I go and order lamb meat gyro. I was expecting a meat loaded sandwich like the kind you get at every other authentic Greek place. I was sadly mistaken. Instead of the usual thin sliced seasoned lamb meat budging out of the sandwich I got mostly filler and a few cube cut pieces of undercooked red in the middle pieces of no taste meat. Yuck I wont be back. My advice go to a real Greek restaurant and pay the same for a much better experience.
3	Went to this place for a quick lunch and got the lamb pita which surprisingly came with French fries and ketchup and instead of something Mediterranean like pita and hummus (was craving that, but was not included with the pita). The lamb was decent but it was kind of frustrating to eat because the pieces were big round chunks instead of thin slices which would make eating much easier. Basically instead of getting a small bite of meat and pita, I had to chew on the whole ball of meat because it was hard  and tough. The fries were nice and crispy, but you can definitely tell it was the kind you can buy in the frozen section of the store. My meal was about $9-10 which would be okay if I wasn't still hungry afterwards. My friends were also still hungry and decided to get some dessert after to fill up their stomachs. I would probably go here again if I was really craving a pita and was not too hungry. If not, I just go to a different place. You are at Town Square so there are many other selections!
4	Ok, I will not claim to know this type of food. I have it now and then, but not frequently. So I'm not an expert. All I know is, I had their chicken pita and it was amazing! I often times wonder how someone can mess up a sandwich or salad, but it happens. Pita wraps I have had in the past may have had meat that was too dry, or way too much hummus or sauce in it, or too much veggies and not enough meat. You get the picture. This was just right. The chicken was so moist and flavored perfectly. Their was a perfect balance of veggies and meat, and the veggie mix was seasoned perfectly and the amount of hummus was just right. I didn't think I'd be able to eat the whole thing because I usually can only manage half a pita of that size, but it was so good, I couldn't stop eating.The place is clean and the service good. What brought me in here in the first place was we were going to see a movie and had some time before it started. I was hungry and didn't want movies nachos, so we came here. There weren't many other quick options around. I'm so glad I stumbled on this place. I cannot wait to go again.
4	A little on the pricey side IMO for what you get, but the value is in the taste. I had a salmon skewer with couscous and grilled veggies. For a couple bucks more it's a great alternative to fast food although getting the food took a little longer than I would have liked. Other than that an overall good experience.
4	Trust me, Crazy Pita is totally worth a try if you haven't already.I'd choose Crazy Pita any day over typical kebab joints, including higher-end ones.It's not a fancy restaurant, a fast food like place so to speak, but it's what's inside that counts - if the food is all that matters to you, this might be the place you come to love in Town Square.The lamb / beef skewers are tasty, and the shrimp pita is a bomb! It may not look great on a photo, but it tastes really good.
