4	A very cool use of space, and a staff that makes you feel like you are coming over to a friend's house for breakfast.  Except that you have to pay.The smoked pork chop is amazing.  I'd have eaten two of them, no problem.  The waffle was a little wimpy, but everything else was perfect.I'm going back to try the Japanese cold brewed coffee later.  They gave me a sample before they even opened, and I'm probably hooked.
5	I'm so excited about the latest restaurant opening from the folks that created Tuck Shop. Vovomeena is a perfect addition to the 7th Avenue and McDowell corner, which is mostly occupied by chain restaurants. They serve up incredible Japanese cold brew coffee, which makes me wonder if I can ever go back to a plain ol' Starbucks drip. The coffee has great, bold flavor and not bitterness. They have a few varieties and even offer a coffee flight.The star of the menu is the B.M.O.C. It's a Man Vs. Food-kind of dish -- Schreiner'ssmoked pork chop, waffle two eggs and a Portuguese donut tower with apple-maple syrup. And yes it can be finished in one sitting. The 3 Sister Strata -- a egg and cheese casserole, with zucchini, black beans and corn, is delicious, hearty, yet light. It comes with a side of meat, bacon or sausage, both of which come from Schreiner's Fine Sausages on 7th Street. I love that they source local ingredients, from meat to coffee. I'm eyeing the Pain Perdu --banana bread pudding french toast --for my next visit or maybe the johnnycakes, made with corn and chili. You really can't go wrong with this menu.
5	I got the banging pocket (baked pita with scrambled eggs, sausage, and gouda cheese) and it was amazing! The side potatoes that come with most dishes are very good too. The portuguese donuts are a little too oily and I wish they came with a chocolate dipping sauce, but they were still really good as is. The friend I was with got the mexican benedict and also loved it. Perfect portions and everything tasted so good. I can't wait to bring more people to vovo.
4	The Mexican eggs benedict was awesome.  One star off because they don't have Sriracha but I'm pretty sure we talked them into getting some so they can still win it back.  The French toast was also awesome.  The location is cute and a nice size.  I think this was a great addition to the area.  Get some Japanese cold brew.
4	Had a great experience this afternoon; Japanese cold brew coffee was great and the food delicious...My only comment was the server was too quick in discussing the menu and coffee..felt rushed for their first week introducing themselves.I will be back to tour the menu!
3	Had breakfast here this morning, and while there are still some kinks to be worked out, it was overall a very pleasant way to start the day. I had already stopped in a few times since they opened for coffee on the way to work, so I already knew the staff is friendly and courteous. This was confirmed today when, on their first really busy Sunday, the kitchen was backed up and the wait for food was long (we waited over 30 minutes for ours to come out, and even then it came out in waves). Both our server and the (owner? manager?) made a point to stop at our table and thank us for our patience as they experienced their first busy weekend. Hey, I don't mind waiting too much if it's obviously something the management is aware of and trying to fix. I'm sure it will be smoother next time. The food was excellent and lives up to the standards expected from the folks at Tuck Shop. We went with the boxty, two donuts, sauteed potatoes, a pancake (1 is very large and fluffy), and an egg/cheese omelet. Critiques:1)The menu specifically states "no substitutions" for breakfasts. However, I was told when I ordered that if I didn't want a side of meat, they would deduct the charge for it. So apparently, they are not as inflexible as they seem, but I wish I had known that while I was frantically trying to compose a breakfast that didn't include meat. 2)Because of the above-mentioned "rule", the logical solution is to order from the (small) a la carte section at the bottom, which is what my husband did. It would be nice if they would ask if you want everything to come out on the same plate rather than trying to fit a separate plate for 1 pancake, potatoes, 1 omelette, and donuts on the table when it was really all one meal. We ended up doing it ourselves at the table and handing 3 empty plates back to the server. 3)Order the donuts. If you like things that are amazing, then don't miss these. OK, that wasn't a critique. I just couldn't wait to mention these little puffs of funnel-cake heaven.4)Hey! Vovomeena! There are a lot of vegetarians in the world, and we want to give you money to make our food. We're not asking you to change your world-view or anything, but just a little acknowledgement that not everyone wants a "choice of meat" on every single menu item. You guys are pretty light on the fruit and vegetable side of things, and no, fried potatoes don't count. And how about some other options besides cheese in the omelette? Please? 5)If you are an inflexible vegan, there is absolutely nothing you can eat here. Except maybe the potatoes, but I bet they're sauteed in butter. You can, however, enjoy a tasty soy latte and pout while your friends enjoy their food. But then again, you're vegan; you're used to this. (sigh)I will eat here again. I promise to add a star next time if either the wait time or the non-meat options are improved...I will even think about adding TWO stars if both of those requests are heeded.
2	Had brunch there today with my husband and daughter.  Would they come back?  Most definitely not.  Would I come back?  Maybe, in a year or two assuming they stay in business.  Would I encourage people to try this place?  Yes, but on a leisurely day, and not when you want to impress or be impressed.   The space is pleasant: ample outside seating, high ceilings, narrow hall running east west with plenty of light coming in from both ends.  They have a limited but ample menu with items that conceptually sound delicious.  (You know, like Tuck and Astor House.)After more than 40 minutes of waiting, we had:1.  boxty (grated apple & potato pancakes, honey mascarpone, choice of meat).  The grated apple is not cooked into the pancakes but put on top.  Honey mascarpone was sickeningly sweet, and pancakes were peppery -- weird combination.  I picked sausage as my meat choice but it wasn't served with my boxty.  I asked the server "Was I supposed to get sausage with my boxty?"  She responded, "I don't know, were you?"   I showed her the menu and the sausages were brought out shortly; but response was borderline rude and at best it showed she didn't know the menu which had 12 items on it.  2.  johnnycakes (corn and chiles, stack of three, sweet rice & fruit, choice of meat).  This might have been the best item from the three that we ordered.  The pancakes were beautifully browned; like fluffy cornbread.  But something was missing to tie the flavors of the pancakes, sausage, sweet rice & fruit together.  Maybe syrup?  Maybe a butter chile sauce?  But the sweet rice needs to go.3.  piperrada (fry up of pork shoulder, green & red peppers, tomato, onion, two eggs on top).  The number one ingredient in the entree description was barely there.  Hubby did the rude thing of picking his food apart right after it came, maybe because he was not happy that his first two picks (grillades and mexican benedict) were not available.  Table manners aside, when he removed the two eggs from the top of the pile, the underneath was mostly red and green peppers and onions.  If you pieced together the pork shoulder pieces like a jigsaw puzzle, it might have ended up being the size of a small bacon strip.  Tomatoes were also missing.  Two separate people asked if everything was going ok and my hubby told both of them that he was not happy about the pork shoulder.  But nothing was offered, no substitution, no refund, nada.  I don't remember the last time my husband complained in a restaurant.   That is usually my gig, and even I don't often do it.  Today I had a feeling any complaints would fall on deaf ears. We had to wait quite a while for a food and during that time  I saw several customers going to the counter making non-positive gesticulations and being met with a response that I could lip read as "So sorry."  I also saw four very frustrated cooks who spent quite a bit of time looking at the ticket items while very little food was coming out of the kitchen.  We felt bad for everyone:  the cooks, the owners, the patrons, and us.  Such a downer for a brunch. From our table, I ate the most food in hopes of eventually understanding the concept from each dish.  (If it matters, I wear size 0 pants and am not prone to just eating anything and everything.)   In the end, while my daughter looked at me in disdain, I told her I just needed the calories to make up for the effort in getting there, for the wait, and for the money spent.Supporting local businesses is a must, but it shouldn't be painful. I think Vovomeena could be good someday if it works out its kinks.  But I'll wait a long while before I risk another downer of a brunch again.
5	Everything here was delicious. At first walking in, it was a bit confusing until we realized that it was a walk up counter ordering system but the food and the coffee was amazing. The staff was incredibly friendly as well. Can't wait to go back
5	See the blog for more:With Aileen and I arriving nearly simultaneously we entered the crisp new space only to be greeted at the front seating area by a pair of baristas standing before the Japanese Cold Brew contraptions and with everyone bright and smiling we were invited to take a seat anywhere we like, eventually settling on a four-top in front of the open kitchen.  Greeted next by our server, a delightful young woman named Hedda, and then by the restaurant's manager it was explained to us that the method of operation was to grab a menu and then order at the counter while coffee is done self-serve and with that in mind we perused the menu and the restaurant's interior before making our selections.With the space largely empty at such an early hour (but later to fill to capacity as I sat studying till 9:30) we both admired the cozy industrial/shabby chic interior and with The Shins and Minus the Bear amongst the morning soundtrack the restaurant was lively but not loud, though a small group on the outdoor patio seemed to be having quite a good (boisterous) time.  Chatting as we waited it would not be long before the food arrived and purported to have overordered I personally thought everything looked just right when our table was filled - particularly as I sipped on my third cup of the Vovomeena's bold and intensely earthy brew.Taking notes from various culinary traditions including the Deep South, England, Ireland, Portugal, and more our meal started with a simple buttermilk biscuit topped with salted butter and paired with a side of strawberry rhubarb jam.  With a light crisp to the exterior while the interior crumb was moist and rife with lightly sour notes I partook in the top half of the biscuit while my friend enjoyed the bottom and although good on its own the addition of the jam was definitely more my style.Moving next to the one dish I'd probably not have ordered if I were visiting on my own, the "Banging Pocket" with Shreiner's Banger, Scrambled eggs, and smoked gouda wrapped in a pita was actually quite good, though largely due to the use of quality ingredients more than anything particularly done with them as the pocket of pillowy bread featured a nice balance of fluffy eggs, spicy sausage, and just enough cheese to make it 'stick.'  Neglecting the "griddled spuds" on the side largely because I found them a bit too greasy I will note they were quite tender and well complimented by the salt, pepper, and onions.Noting my propensity for sweet over savory at breakfast it was not until Hedda described the "Boxty" that we decided to order it and while it too was just a bit greasy the overall effect of the hot and crisp potatoes juxtaposed against the sour shredded apple and creamy but sweet mascarpone was quite nice.  A sort of sweet meets savory hash brown served with choice of meat I personally would have preferred to see the bacon, also Schreiner's, more thoroughly cooked but that is just a matter of personal preference as the quality of the meat was quite impressive either way.For the next choice - the most expensive on the menu with good reason - the B.M.O.C. would prove every bit as good as its description would have you to believe.  Beginning at its base with a crispy waffle lightly tinged with vanilla notes and plenty of butter then subsequently topped with apples cooked down in maple syrup, a smoked pork chop, two poached eggs, and finally a crunchy Portuguese donut it would be hard to call this plate anything but gluttonous...or delicious.  In a dish where any number of elements could have shined, what truly set this dish apart for me was actually the chop - a smoky and savory slab of meat that was easily cut with a butter knife and fork and nicely matched by the intense sweetness of the rest of the plate.  Better than the famous "chop and chick" at Matt's and less expensive (without the line) this will, and should, become the restaurant's signature in my opinion.Moving last to the "dessert for breakfast" item that had originally drawn me into Vovomeena the day the menu was first published, the pain perdu was simply exceptional.  Featuring dense banana bread rendered into a custard style bread pudding and subsequently sliced to be fried up on the grill this was everything I want from bread pudding - crisp and caramelized on the exterior, soft and dense within, and topped with bold "whiskey caramel" sauce plus ripe bananas that push the dish ever-so-close to "too sweet" while still keeping things in check, particularly when matched with the Schriener's Sausage.  At $6.95 you'd be hard pressed to find a better breakfast dish in town and having sampled my fair share of bread puddings I'd put this iteration in my top ten.
5	My partner and I have been to Vovomeena three times, and everytime it was great. Full disclosure, though, the second time we went we only got the iced coffee as their kitchen had run out of food! (This was around 12:30 on a Sunday; absolutely forgivable for a restaurant who just opened and is working out the kinks, and if that's the worst thing that will happen when we visit then that's a pretty great sign.)The space is absolutely gorgeous. You forget that you're in the midst of a glut of chain restaurants and it definitely rivals the Tuck Shop for ambiance. It's wonderful that they're both different yet obviously part of the same family. Another thing those two spots have in common? Gorgeous, uni-sex restrooms. It's a small touch, but it always make a restaurant feel more like home when the washroom is nice and I always appreciate non-gendered restrooms. Another plus is the counter service; it makes things a little quicker and is smart for the lunch concept. The service itself has been gracious, from the barista to the counterperson to the kitchen staff to the busers, with a special mention to the manager, who has been sincere and nice. This level of service is impressive for a new restaurant. (Stark contrast to the Chipotle 20 feet away, where the staff still acts like it's the first opening day and runs around like chickens with their heads cut off, but that's a whole other review!)Lastly, the food is fantastic. I had the B.M.O.C. the first time to quench my enormous weekend appetite and the pork chop was remarkable. The waffle got a little lost, but I tried the waffle on its own the last time I was there and I think I'll just get that from now it, as it's really fantastic all by itself. Other items tried and approved, the tortilla espanola and the johnnycakes were really great. (The rice that comes with the johnnycakes was a fantastic complement to the johnnycakes, please don't get rid of it like another review suggests!) The prices are fair, I think ordering a la carte might be the most economical option if I end up going here as often as I want to. Also, the food comes up a little slowly but it's nothing unusual for brunch.My only critique, although I'm not taking off a star: please get real maple syrup! I saw some fake syrup being walked into the kitchen one day, and the syrup that came with the waffle seemed overly sweet, so I'm guessing that the real stuff isn't being served. I could be wrong, though, as I'm not maple syrup expert, just an enthusiast. All the other ingredients seem top notch, though (thanks for locally sourcing the meat, so this former vegetarian can eat it without much guilt!)
5	I hate to do this, because I don't want this place to be busy for selfish reasons, however I have an obligation to uphold. It is of no surprise that Vovomeena is anything but fantastic, coming from the flavor dense minds from Tuck Shop and Astor House.This morning I got their signature Japanese iced coffee and the Espanola which was kind of an egg, potato, spinach and cheese pie with a chunky red sauce that is bursting with flavors.The decor is sustainable and hip, chairs were comfortable, lighting is good, staff is friendly and personable as well... Can you tell I like the place?
2	Just moved nearby and walked to restaurant with high hopes. The line was long but moved rather smoothyl. The line help in the kitchen seemed a little rough. People were on cell phones and not sure if that had to do with business or not, but it didn't look good. Placed order and fought to find a table with shade outside as the inside was packed. Ended up sitting at large common area bench tables in the center of the courtyard.After 30 minutes, the manager came by to ask if we had  ordered pancakes, as he had a ticket with no number on it. First of all, how does that happy with a computerized ordering system? 35 minutes later, my partner received his plate with no utensils. He started eating his toast by hand as the rest of his food got cold waiting for my meal and utensils to arrive after a 40 minute wait.We did not order anything so special that it should have taken that long. It is a no substitution menu, so there should be no longer prep times for special orders.The food was probably ok but not worth the price when you take into consideration the poor level of service.I always give new places a second chance. Vovomeena will have to earn my business next time, or I won't be back.
3	After an awesome lunch at Astor House, we took the recommendation from the owner to try out their new breakfast place, Vovomeena.  This is still new and has a few kinks to work out.  Overall, it's a great breakfast place.  The food is delicious and something different from your usual egg benedict and pancakes.  We got the boxty and grillades which was delicious.  It did take a while for us to get our food and the set up is a bit confusing.  It's counter service so you'll need to order first and then find a place to sit.  Also, if you order coffee, you need to go to the coffee counter to pick it up.  Once you get the hang of it, it's a pleasant brunch experience.  The Japanese coffee was good as well.
3	I was excited when this breakfast restaurant opened up in my neighborhood as I love to go out for breakfast almost everyday.I have eaten there 3 times now but I only order 1 thing on the menu which I do enjoy quite a bit because their other items are a little unusual for me.I went to eat there again yesterday and I was very sorry to see they have removed all side items off their menu. So I cannot order an omelet or 2 scrambles eggs with bacon, or a side of toast. Its one of the nine items or nothing. That does not work for me so that is why i have given this restaurant 3 stars. I hope they reconsider offering the basic breakfast items or I will probably not be back.
5	This is what downtown has been missing. A quaint, reasonably priced, good energy place that is all inviting. This place is just plain good. Great food, great service, great atmosphere, great time! And they have tabasco sauce!! So many breakfast places now don't have tabasco sauce. The young girl who served me said "thats all we have...". I'm hooked. I'll be bringing people to eat here. Impressive joint.
4	I'm so glad to have a fun neighborhood spot to go to for brunch! We came here on Saturday morning. We must have arrived with a big wave of people, because there were about 8 people in line waiting to order food in front of us. (FYI - this was rare, the rest of the time we were there, there wasn't more than 3 or 4 people waiting in line) We didn't mind waiting because we got time to look over the menu and look around at the decor. The restaurant has a really nice atmosphere - modern, yet rustic? The only thing that concerned me was that when you wait in line you stand at a shoulder-height counter overlooking the kitchen and there was no protective glass shield. I felt like a misplaced sneeze could've contaminated all the food being prepped on the line!Our food came out in exactly 20 minutes. For having 8 orders in front of us, I thought that was good time. The portions were generous. I ordered the BMOC and had to take half of my pork chop home (...but I am a girl and I don't eat that much). The food was pretty awesome. The pork chop was tender, the apple sauce (kind of like apple pie filling) they drizzled on top was sweet but not TOO sweet. My only gripe was that they placed the porkchop on top of my waffle and covered the whole thing in apple sauce so my waffle wasn't as crispy as I would've liked. if I ordered it again I would ask for the waffle on the side, maybe on a separate plate.My friend ordered the Banging Pocket, which he loved. I tried a bite and it was really good! What put it over the top was the salsa that came in a little side cup. I've had many salsas before but there was something really special about this stuff! Very flavorful, kind of tasted like they used roasted tomatoes or something because it had a very deep and rich flavor. He did not have any leftovers to take home.With all of the interesting choices on the menu, we could come back here several times and not get bored. I also love that you can bring your dog on their outside patio :)Edited to add that the service was very friendly. When we walked in they explained to us how it works (order food at counter, food served at your table) and everyone else was also helpful too.
4	Nice atmosphere. Great coffee. Interesting options for food. Had the Mexican Benedict. Very good, but could have used more hollandaise. Slightly on the hipster side.
5	I fear that this place is going to get out of hand very shortly.  Please people keep to Matt's Big Breakfast and Over Easy keep the crowds away.  Ok Ok I can't be selfish but I wish I could this place is awesome.  Everything from the Japanese cold brew coffee to the espresso's to the amazing food.  I have had the pain perdu which is bannana bread french toast fresh bannanas sliced on top and a whiskey caramel sauce on top and the savory crepes with chicken and egg inside and a homemade sauce over the top.  Both dishes were AMAZING I will for sure go back just for those, but will have to try the rest of the menu first.  I am very greatful I have Monday and Tuesday's off to avoid the weekend crowds because I am sure they will be starting very soon.
4	Great little casual, urban hip restaurant with inspired, hand crafted food. Went there for Sunday breakfast & was very satisfied with the tasty crepes with chicken and swiss chard. Funky twist on crepes & pretty healthy. (A welcome departure from bacon & eggs.) Homemade salsa & sausages unusual. Impressive selection of coffees & cold coffee is properly brewed "Japanese style," not just poured over ice. Nice patio seating. Good vibe!
4	There food was delicious, try the banana french toast with whiskey caramel. It seems as if they are still getting organized, I'd love to try it again in a few weeks. I had to wait for coffee in the coffee line, was told to wait in the brunch line, and then move back over to the coffee line... Overall food was great!
5	Delicious dishes with nice staff. What else we need? I went there twice. The first time I had banana bread pudding. It is awesome, not too sweet and a bit burn  which made a perfect combo. I had Mexican Benedict on the second time. It is good and tasted totally different from the first dish I had. I cannot believe that them came from the same kitchen. Amazing.
5	I am hesitant to write this because I don't want it to get all crowded but I want this place to succeed so here I am. I LOVE this place, the staff is friendly and on top of things and the food is amazing! I keep having the Torta Espanola its perfect every time and so good. Just the right amount of spice and such a great balance. I also have the waffle every time. I finally found a place that makes just a regular waffle. Its great. Good butter and syrup too.My fiancee craves the banger pocket, I think its the first thing I've ever seen him crave! He loves it. He also tried the big thing with the pork chop on the waffle, he said it was beyond amazing! He said its an indulgent thing but he loves it. Also he just got the basic eggs and meat (can't remember the name) because he wanted to see if they could actually properly make an over easy egg. He said they were closer than any restaurant has come in a long time.The prices are good, I think it's usually about $20 for the two of us, but Im a porker and eat the Torta and the waffle! The patio is nice because we walk over with our stroller so I don't feel like we are in the way. The inside is small but nicely done. You can also bring your dog on the patio.I hope it doesn't get crazy busy so that we always have a place there. It is amazing!!
4	This new breakfast/brunch place from the Tuck Shop owners is the lone gem in a row of typical chain restaurants at the SE corner of McDowell and 7th Avenue. By coincidence, I ended up eating here three Sundays in a row. So, I've been able to sample a variety of entrees from their menu--which isn't all your typical eggs and bacon. That's a good thing in this case. My favorite so far is their Tortilla Espanola_ the perfect texture and combination of potato and egg with a brava sauce. They also offer Portuguese donuts. They are OK. They are like funnel cakes but seem to be made from a lot more egg. The set-up is pretty in and out. You look at the menu and line up to place your order. If you order a beverage, you move over to the coffee bar after paying for your order. Besides the scrumptious menu, I love the decor. They have space on the patio and a bike rack. Inside, there are floor-to-ceiling ropes smartly placed between people dining and people lining up to make their orders. I also like the hanging shelves of glass bottles behind the coffee bar. The brick and industrial materials gives the place a modern and simple feel.I recommend getting there before 11 a.m. That's about when it starts getting pretty crowded. There is no signage out front so it's easy to miss. Parking is accessible on 7th Avenue, just south of McDowell.
3	Tried this place for breakfast over the weekend and it's definitely not what I expected for a breakfast spot. You order from a selected menu and pay up front; then, they give you a number and you wait at your table. Their coffee is awesome and the staff is super friendly, but I wasn't too keen with having a selected menu. Reading "No Substitutes Please" at the top of the menu didn't help either. The food is okay but nothing blew me away or would make me want to come back.
4	Great breakfast! I read the great reviews and I'm definitely glad I came here! I had the pancakes, potatoes and bacon. The meal was wonderful. The pancakes look thin, but they were so filling that I could only eat one! The meal is the type you think you could make at home, but it's waaaay better than anything I could make. It's simple with a twist. I'll be back and this time I'm going for the tortilla espanola!
4	I went to Vovomeena with the BF last weekend to have breakfast. The place is cute, small, but not cramped. The style is modern. You come in and order at a counter and then seat yourself, which is nice. I got the Mexican eggs benedict. It was rich and heavy, but had good flavor. It is chorizo on top of a thick corn cake of sorts...then topped with eggs and hollandaise. I think I probably gained at least a pound from this meal. The only problem with the food was the potatoes were somewhat bland. Thankfully, the serving size was huge so I didn't miss having the potatoes.
5	If you've read my reviews of Tuck Shop or Astor House, you knew I would be at Vovomeena within a week of them opening.  My dad and I made breakfast plans and he requested Astor House.  I let him know they opened a new place right by Easley's we had to try instead.  He happily obliged.Vovomeena is a saving grace for an awesome brick center that was face-lifted to house small chain eateries.  I shouldn't be so hard; I love Zoyo too.  Just like Astor House (and the other eateries there), Vovomeena is order at the counter and a staff member will bring you your food.  I recommend finding an open table before ordering and claiming it with sunglasses or a book.  We were there the weekend after it opened and open tables were sparse.  I'm sure by the time I finally got around to writing my review (two months later) that it must be much busier and tables even more sparse.I woke up that day craving biscuits and gravy; so I naturally ordered the biscuits and grillades.  See my Astor House review if you want to know more about this tasty dish.  (It's just as awesome in the aves).  At a little nudging from me, my dad ordered the BMOC - Big Man On Campus.  Heck yes!  A deliciously rich waffle topped with the best pork chop I have ever had, over medium eggs, syrup, and a Portuguese donut for good measure.  I knew the waffle would be bomb because I've had the waffles at Tuck Shop (you can read about those too in my Tuck Shop review).  This pork chop was heavenly.  I'm telling you that I'm seriously planning to make pork loin with maple syrup in homage to this pork chop at Christmas.  Cut it with a fork smoked tender meat... oh my goodness!  I don't know that I could ever finish a BMOC on my own, but was happy to eat some of my dad's.  The donut was a perfect dessert my dad and I shared at the end.  Light and fluffy with a taste reminiscent of funnel cake.  Vovomeena has that amazing cold brewed coffee chocked full of the caffeine I love.  Fantastically attentive and friendly staff - probably from all that cold brewed coffee. The space is that modern, industrial chic that we all love.  There's a buffet table near one of the entrances we thought was the hostess stand before we determined it was also counter order and seat yourself - my only complaint.  Though it is not really a complaint.  I can't wait to go back and try more.  I'm disappointed in myself that I was so hell bent on having grillades that day, I didn't get to try two brand new dishes.  Luckily, it's just down the street.
4	Good, but almost too hip for this self proclaimed foodie. Two over medium eggs, sausage, potatoes, toast. It's breakfast, not art. Fifteen minutes to get to me and being picky, no run to the yolks. Not killed, just not perfect. No subs, out there indie music, order and sit. Food was good; it's me vovomeena, not you.
4	There's nothing like meeting up with good friends on Saturday or Sunday for breakfast or brunch. It's nice to see an additional local restaurant along this strip. The Tortilla Espanola was delicious and I did sample a yummilcious bite from a Banging Pocket entree. The cozy decor is inviting. The coffee alone is worthy to make me a continued patron of this place. I'm happy to add this restaurant to a string of Breakfast joint faves within Central Phoenix. Cheers!!!
4	Here's the deal.  The food sounds special but it really isn't, and normally that would doom a place to me.  But... I keep coming back.  Why?  Because I don't come here to eat amazing food.  I come here to hang out in a casually stylish environment with good music and truly good coffee in a dedicated daytime establishment.  VVM definitely owns its slice of the restaurant ocean by sticking to a simple and stylish formula.
3	Good concept and great space.  The menu is small but has some potentially exciting dishes.  Expect to wait in line, as a lot more people are becoming aware of this place and the only have one register to pay at.  Once you have ordered and are seated, don't expect to get your meal right away or even at the same time as other people at your table.I think once they iron out the kinks it could be a really cool place for brunch and to hangout for coffee.  I am not sure it will be on the list of places to return to any time soon.
4	Great food, nice location. The staff is nice. Modern atmosphere. The only complaint I have is they tend to burn the "boxty" every time.
5	Amazing coffee! Food is great! Love having this neighborhood spot!
4	Great food, nice location. The staff is nice. Modern atmosphere. The only complaint I have is they tend to burn the "boxty" every time.
5	We love this place! The food is always delicious and the coffee is some of the best in town! If you like iced coffee the Japanese cold drip is to die for. Vovomeena is a hidden gem and you have to try it!
4	I agree with the other reviewers who are reluctant to give a good review because they don't want this place getting "too" popular and crowded. However, I had such a positive first experience that I must spread the good news. This place is unique and a welcome addition to the other cookie cutter restaurants @ 7th Ave & McDowell. The menu is also unique and a refreshing change from the typical breakfast fare offered at most other places. The ambiance is modern, and comfortable. The portions are plentiful and I had no chance of leaving the restaurant hungry because the chef skimped on anything. I will definitely be returning to this restaurant with friends.
5	They have done it again.  Great concept, great food, great building, great staff, and pricing is just right.  If you are looking to break the Corporate Food Chain monotony of 7th Ave and McDowell then Vovomeena is where to go.  Delicious local food and excellent coffee selections.  I can not pick a favorite on the menu, but can say that everything will be sure to not disappoint, so you are safe to close your eyes, point, and try it.
5	I have been searching for a great little place that's not too out of the way to just sit and relax for quite some time now. Vovomeena is one of the best in Phoenix. Not to mention, the food and coffee were beyond ordinary. They were something to brag about. The service was excellent and I am now going to be a regular here. Perfect.
2	I've eaten here once; I got their food to go once; and I walked out without eating once. My first visit was odd. I ordered the staff recommended Mexican eggs Benedict. The plate was way overpowered buy the taste of chili. Chili for breakfast is not appealing nor tasty.        For the takeout "I went back to give them a second chance" I ordered scrambled eggs, sausage, and tators. It was good.          Then came my final visit. I arrived on a weekend with four family members including my wife. When we came in my wife sat at a table while I went up to order (it's weird but you order at a counter NO servers here). While I was waiting to order a manager or staff member went over to my wife and told her that she "couldn't squat at tables, that the tables turn over fast and that she could only sit down after ordering". Odd right? My wife got up feeling unconformable, told me what happened and we left.         To be honest their food isn't that good. I just wanted desperately to find a breakfast place to go to regularly. Phoenix is missing good breakfast places.
5	I've enjoyed breakfast twice so far this year. I'm gluten-free, and both times I ordered grits with the Wilcox Avenue (two egg, sausage and potato plate.) The food is delicious. The first time the grits came smothered in butter. The second visit, I ordered them dry, with a side of maple syrup. I order hot tea and appreciate the bevy of milks and sweeteners. It's best to arrive early to ensure a table. The staff is so attentive and polite.
3	Cute little brunch spot that I'd love to come to with girl friends. You order before seating yourself, they have their own little coffee bar where you can see how they brew the Japanese drip coffee. While paying for the meal I noticed some $20 bills in their tip jar so expected a lot. Was sadly disappointed by the three meals that my family shared. The coffee was delicious, the potatoes were delicious....annnnd thats about it. Willing to give the place another chance though!
3	Great coffee!  My ONLY complaint....why, oh why do you have to close at 1:30 pm?!  That is right when I'm wanting to start heading to a coffee shop to chill and work.  ugh!
3	10/25/12Cool-looking eatery!  Loved the artwork, especially the mosaic pieces, and I liked the twist taken by using recycled twine as a dividing line between the pathway and the tables.  Way too cool!  :)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vovomeena-phoenix?select=lNWXre8YuohFjH0CE08kuA#lNWXre8YuohFjH0CE08kuAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vovomeena-phoenix?select=zWLgge2mUuG7i232sb-BOA#zWLgge2mUuG7i232sb-BOAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vovomeena-phoenix?select=x3WxOi5yqaNPJsVNdKLaJA#x3WxOi5yqaNPJsVNdKLaJAI've eaten here twice, once with a friend (see photos taken on 09/30/12).  The first time, we ordered a few items and shared, and we were both blown away by the very-high quality and big portions of the dishes we tried.  My favorites then were the Pain Perdu with Schreiner's sausage, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vovomeena-phoenix?select=KF5Mrjny8RrmU1wkGEDBNw#KF5Mrjny8RrmU1wkGEDBNw and the B.M.O.C.-- a HUGE bone-in pork chop presented on a lovely waffle, topped with two fried eggs, with caramelized apples in whiskey sauce to garnish.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vovomeena-phoenix?select=9BLumlsGZoBPrBvWRvQDTQ#9BLumlsGZoBPrBvWRvQDTQ  We tried two other items, the Banging Pocket (didn't impress me) and Boxty (I found it too greasy).  On my October visit, I was disappointed in the much-smaller portioned Pain Perdu I received, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vovomeena-phoenix?select=5Jbb8gMJPv1WlkyySATCNg#5Jbb8gMJPv1WlkyySATCNg and the pieces were so dense, they weren't much fun to eat. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/vovomeena-phoenix?select=DDmVrbDoa7yz2OGsznjbjg#DDmVrbDoa7yz2OGsznjbjg  The coffee was still very good, however.Five stars for the first visit, and 1 star for the second- great coffee, and free refills to boot, so what's not to love?, so an average of 3 stars.  Will return to try the B.M.O.C. again.  Hope to bump it up to four stars, which is a good review from me, as I'm assuming this isn't a GMO-free establishment...
5	Absolutely love this new place on the corner of 7th Avenue & McDowell!  We went with some friends for breakfast yesterday and had a great experience!  Reasonably priced and very fresh food...highly recommend the savory crepes - yummy!  There were at least 4 or 5 other items on the menu that I want to try, so I will definitely be back!
5	Not your run of the mill breakfast stop!  Very unique choices!  Will definitely be back :)
5	I came here for breakfast last Sunday, and I will be back. The cold drip coffee was delicious and the vibe was cool here without a doubt. I ordered the bananas foster french toast- it might have been the best thing I've ever put in my mouth. I heard they close early so get there by noon.
5	I went to Vovomeena for the first time today and loved it. I had the Banging Pocket which has Schreiner's banger sausage, scrambled eggs, and smoked gouda in pita bread. It was phenomenal! All of the ingredients taste so fresh. Loved the home-style goodness!  I also had a cafe latte with vanilla. Simple but delicious. The setup up is very modern and practical. Nice looking art on the walls. The staff was polite and friendly. The bathrooms were also very clean! I will definitely be going back when I'm on this side of town.
4	Had breakfast here the other Sunday morning and the food was amazing. Great flavors and a fantastic variety for carnivores. If you are in the mood for some comfort food and have a few calories to spare this place is great. We also had a little breakfast/dessert the banana bread french toast was really good. It was a little small and the coffee bar set up is kinda weird even still amongst all the good places to have breakfast these guys still stand out.
5	I work at the Zoyo next door to Vovomeena - Today was my first time ordering from them. I truly had a wonderful breakfast, I ordered the Wilcox Avenue which is a traditional breakfast - i wanted to play it safe.. lol And it was amazing. as i was waiting for my food i saw a few other dishes that looked amazing. The menu is small yet the options have so many items it seems bigger. The best part is the coffee bar which is all "locally crafted" as it states on their menu. They can make u just about anything!! Ben the Barista was a super sweet guy and gave great service!! The decor is beautiful. Check it out!! u will not be disappointed!!
4	Just had breakfast here today and am already planning my next trip back. Bam! The decor is very interesting and allows a lot of natural light into the place, which I always love. Staff was immediately friendly and happily answered any questions we had. I had some egg strata thing that was pretty amazing, but my friend had a meal that was better than mine! Damn it! Don't you hate when you try your friend's food and you wish you had ordered that instead? Bastard! He had some pita thing with sausage (sorry I suck at remembering meal names) and it was soo damn tasty. I loved the seasoned potatoes on the side as well. I do not drink coffee, but according to my friend his iced vanilla latte was amazing. We finished our meal off with their blueberry coffee cake. Pretty good! Slightly dry, but my mom's a baker so I'm biased ;) (yeah Ugly Cakes!). They are VERY decently priced with no meals over $9! Great little spot, can't wait to try the other menu items.
4	This is the hipsterest place I've been to, I think, ever. And I yelp a lot and consider myself a bit of a food hipster. I think I'm taking off the star because I felt almost uncomfortable eating there, like I might stain or break some piece of art or antique children that was made by the blind albino children of Nepal (but only the ones named Frank). Can a space be *too* atmospheric? I didn't think so... but I appear to have been proven wrong.The breakfast was great, though, I had the grillades. Nice, rich, buttery biscuits, delicious peppery gravy, and chunks of very tender beef. Only ding was that they could do scrambled, over easy/medium/hard or sunny side up - nothing else. That covers 96% of the requests out there, but hey, I'm a food hipster, right? I like my eggs basted.
5	I was in Phoenix recently for the WWE Royal Rumble. To kill some time that morning, my friend introduced me to Portlandia on his iPad in our wretched hotel room. Around 11AM, we were hungry and ready to check out, so we consulted Yelp for brunch options and settled on Vovomeena.Upon arrival, I wasn't sure if I was still in Phoenix, or somehow had been transported into a Portlandia sketch. As others have noted, it's THAT hipster. A "flight" of Japanese cold brewed coffee - really? Even more amusing was the proud barista describing the cold brew process and the different coffees. And I have no idea how he could tell the different coffees apart ... it's easy with a flight of beers, but coffee all pretty much looks the same. But after pinching myself and realizing I was still in Phoenix, I went for the flight of cold brews. (When in Rome ... err ... Phoenix, right?)The food options were equally hipster, with a selection of a dozen or so breakfast/brunch offerings featuring fresh, locally sourced food. The only thing NOT hipster about the food are the prices. I typically expect places like this to be a bit pricy, but Vovomeena is a VERY good value. Most of the selections are in the $7-9 range. I ordered the most expensive selection - the b.m.o.c. It featues a smoked pork chop, waffle, two eggs, and a "Portuguese Donut Tower" (basically a funnel cake) for $9.95. My friend got the "pain perdu" - banana bread pudding french toast with a caramel glaze and choice of meat for $7.50. Both portions were ample, and everything was delicious. And even though this is counter service, the service was great. I joke about the barista, but the kid (he looked like he was 17) was really nice and knowledgeable. It reminded me of talking to a brewer (or beer nerd) at a brewpub - he had that level of knowledge. And when I went back for a 16 oz cold coffee after I finished my flight, he admitted he accidentally made an extra flight, and asked if me and my friend wanted it. Thanks dude! Needless to say, between 1 1/2 flights and the 16 oz coffee, I was amply caffeinated for the day. Of all the places we went to in Phoenix, this was my favorite by far. I doubt if I ever will be back in Phoenix ... but if I do, Vovomeena is a must stop for me.
4	Ate here yesterday with a friend for breakfast.  They had good friendly service and the food was very good also. I tried the Mexican Benedict and was impressed, It was original and had good flavor. My friend and I both really liked the potatoes they serve here, they were really good.  They serve a very good cup of coffee as well.Parking can be annoying in this location but I went at an off time so I got a good space without any problems. It can be crowded at the rush times as there are many places right together. Overall I was very impressed and want to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.
5	I was in Phoenix last weekend visiting the fam, which meant we were definitely out and about on the brunch scene. I've had Vovomeena bookmarked for a couple months or so, and my sister, who lives nearby, assured everyone it was a solid choice.First, the vibe is super hip, as others have noted. However, I felt very welcomed, even with my parents and a toddler in tow. The coffee is obviously a main attraction here, and the coffee bar side is worked by a couple guys who seriously know and care about what they are doing. I got a tea latte, since I'm not into coffee, which they had never made, but they were very interested in making helpful suggestions for something I would like.The food was delicious, and I think between our party of 8, we tried most of the breakfast menu. The Banging Pocket (Shreiner's sausage, duh, it's the only sausage to eat in Phx these days!), the boxty (unique, kinda fruity), johnny cakes (loved! my fave!), mexican benedict, something about 3 sisters that was slightly mexican in style, and the savory crepes....all were really delicious. I even loved the link sausage and I am usually a sausage avoider.On top of all that, a cool location, and I cannot recomment Vovomeena enough!
5	I may never eat Breakfast again, I think I am still full.This place is owned by the same people who own Tuck Shop- Maybe my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.The place is smallish- but cool.  Tables can be hard to come by, but if 2 people are sitting at a 4 top, ask them nicely, and they will switch to your 2 top.It is worth the wait, because the food and coffee are awesome.  I had the BMOC, it was perfection on a plate- sweet, smoky, salty, runny, savory.  It was also about 2000 calories, but it was worth every bite!  I also did not eat again for 10 hours.I ordered just coffee, it was good stuff.  My girlfriend got a Caramel something or other- she really liked it.I'll be back.
2	I am always out for a good breakfast place so I was happy to have a new one near our home in downtown Phoenix. Unfortunately my husband and I were pretty disappointed with our food. The Coffee was awesome but the food was way too greasy and way too salty, I felt sick the rest of the day. This all coming from someone who typically likes salty food. I realize breky can be a greasy treat but this was too much fat and salt for my taste. We tried it again to give it a second chance and went with a friend who happened to be a Vegan. There was nothing on the menu she could eat. It's 2013 ya gotta be a little accommodating to other peoples food restrictions in a restaurant. So, two strikes and you're out in my book.
5	Okay, so we are in Phoenix to pick up  breakfast with our guest who is leaving that day and we are on our way from Peoria, AZ to take her to the airport  and we want her to have the Matt's Big Breakfast experience and..........yep, you guessed it, 40 minute line to wait in, so we fell into this place..........thanks to other yelp users who rated this high and nearby.  Well, we are here to tell you, this should be the place they are standing in line for, it's that good.  From the moment you walk in and notice the delectable dishes on the tables of the customers, you know you've stepped into something very unique for the palate.  Then, you pick up a menu and you know you aren't in Kansas anymore...........the names of the dishes are different, the ingredients are different, the choices are creative, and about the best coffee I've tasted.  It looks like a factory, but it delivers like nonconformity.  What to have?  we tried the chorizo benedict, the savory crepes, and the grilladas and if we had tummy room, we would have tried more.  Sufficeth it to say, we won't be standing in line for Matt's next time ---- we'll set our sights and our gps to this place!  Well done, vovomeena!
5	This is a great place for breakfast. The staff and manager were very accommodating for our party of 10. The food is excellent and was enjoyed by all. They worked with me on my order since I have to eat gluten free.  The coffee is the best!!! We will be back!!!
2	Service was terrible.  We waited in line forever, and then when we got our food, I received mine expediently, and then my companions didn't get theirs for over 20 minutes.  We did talk with the manager and their food was comp'ed, so that redeemed the situation slightly.I was also unimpressed with their selection.  Every menu should have something vegan or something that can be made vegan to accommodate those who choose to not consume animal products.  I see two other reviewers highlighted this as an issue.  I'm giving it two stars instead of one because the coffee was good and they had almond milk and stevia for it...although there was no counterspace to make your coffee (for those of us not getting something fancier than just a cup o' joe).
5	This place was great.  They have a nice outdoor seating area as well as plenty of room inside to sit.  The decor is really nice--it felt like I was stepping inside a West Elm catalog.  As for the food, we loved it.  I had apple/potato pancakes and my husband had the Mexican benedict--both were fantastic.  Oh and the coffee is fresh and hot, which is also a plus.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I'd definitely go back when I am in the area again.
4	I had a chance to sit down with the owner of this spot today.  I'm hoping that he'll be able to make some very minor modifications on the menu to account for the vegan population of downtown Phoenix.  Otherwise, I do believe that the owner cares about his businesses and the community.Fingers crossed. --ORIGINAL Review:  Since the corner of McDowell and 7th Ave. is what I refer to as the place where chain restaurants go to die, it makes me happy that there's a local breakfast joint attempting to infiltrate the system.  The first time I ate here was a couple of weeks ago, early on a Sunday and it was delicious.You walk up to the counter to order, get a number and then sit where you like.  It's small, but there's a nice outdoor patio which should be nice for the next couple of weeks.  Their coffee is amazing and they provide dairy alternatives for those of us who do not use cream in our coffee.  The first time I ordered the BMOC:  a waffle with apple/maple syrup, a smoked porkchop and eggs. (and a portuguese donut!)  Wowza.  Breakfast heaven.The second time I attempted to order the 3 Sisters Strata, but they hadn't received some order or something and it wasn't available, so I settled on the savory crepes.  Also delicious.  Their romesco sauce is delish.HOWEVER - I can only give three stars.  My vegan friends are simply not able to eat here because whomever wrote the menu just doesn't provide easy alternatives and the second time I ate here my friend's pancakes showed up in 5 minutes while my fiance and I continued to wait an additional 30!  The manager was great about it and very professional, but his excuse about how pancakes are made faster than the rest is ridiculous - when there are orders that take longer, you simply make the longest item first and work your way up.  I'll probably be back, but I'm seriously hoping for some vegan alternatives on the menu and better time management.
5	Got the boxty, a jar of coffee (refillable at 10% off), and the day's special lemon tart. The food came out super fast and it was so good. Pancake-sized boxty (2) with shredded apple and a sweet butter on top, paired with two thick-cut slices of bacon. It's set up where you grab a menu off the wall and go down the line to order at the end. You can see the cooks working without a glass barrier as you stand in line - so don't sneeze. If you order a jar of coffee at the food counter, the coffee counter further into the restaurant gets a ticket so you pick it up there. It's a plastic-lidded mason jar with a custom label and is filled from jugs in the fridge. It fills about 4 of the ice-filled tumblers/plastic to-go cups and it totally worth the $10. It's super smooth and tasty and not at all bitter. I barely had to put anything into it; I could definitely drink it black and I usually can't with coffee.The boxty was much larger than I expected and the potato vs. sweet apple flavour was distinct from each other and very complimentary, rather than one overpowering the other. The bacon was super tasty too. The lemon tart was small and plain but still pretty good. I'm not sure what other offerings they have since it said it was the day's "special" offering. They also had cookies on the counter and a little cooler of bottled drinks and orange juice at the check out.A filling breakfast with amazing coffee for just over $20! I will definitely be back!PS. All the people writing reviews and complaining about lack of vegan choices - there are other restaurants that cater to your special, self-imposed diet. Never, ever expect people to cater to you. It's such a stupid reason to criticize a public place.
4	Johnny Cakes w prickly pear syrup, damn good.
5	I think this is going to be my go-to spot for breakfast,  A friend who is a semi-regular at Vovomeena and I had a breakfast meeting there at his suggestion. I had the Banging Pocket and loved it.  The food was delivered quickly and the service was attentive.
2	A couple of my friends wanted to take me out to breakfast today.  I wanted to try this place.  They're locally owned, and the menu looked good.  I got a combo of pancakes, bacon and potatoes.  It has a place name, which I don't remember.  Everything was so dry.  I HATE it when a restaurant parcels out the syrup in little containers.  Just put a pitcher of syrup on my table, please.  Extra syrup could not render the pancakes finish-able.  The potatoes were also likewise very dry.  I only finished the bacon.I didn't order, since I was the birthday guest, but it looks like you order your food and coffee at separate counters.  Is that the case?  And if so, is that necessary?  Do I really want to stand in 2 lines for my breakfast?  No.  I don't even want to stand in one line.  Unless that line is at Matt's.Around 11:00, the music got so loud I had trouble hearing my friends talking.  And there were a LOT of kids there, if you're into that thing.Also, I have had TERRIBLE reflux all day.  And that's all I've eaten today.  Just saying.
4	Seems like a great little breakfast hangout. I tried the Piperrada (pork, bell peppers, onions, tomatoes, and eggs). This was a good breakfast - everything was tasty and seemed like good quality ingredients.I've heard good things about their pancakes, and I'm definitely interested in trying out several other items on the menu, so I can see myself coming back often.
5	Vovomeena means Grandma Meena. And if this is how Grandma Meena always cooks, then I would kindly ask to be adopted, immediately. We came here for brunch to take advantage of the beautiful patio weather. I had two eggs over easy, taters, buttermilk biscuit and sausage. He had .. get this... Banana bread pudding french toast with some kind of whiskey sauce?! Decadence to the extreme. The French toast was delicious, but you need to have a serious sweet tooth to be able to put the whole thing down. Everything we ate had delicious flavor and looked great too, good portion size and all. The style of service is very simple, you order and pay at the counter, they give you a numbered card and bring your food to wherever you choose to sit. There is also a coffee bar where they have Japanese Cold Drip coffee! Exactly what we need in the sweltering Arizona summer.Keep in mind that they close at 1:30.
3	Very good service. Cute inside and nice patio.
4	Just the eggs with potatoes, toast, and sausage were great, and I enjoyed the coffee too. Over easy eggs were cooked perfectly and who doesn't like Schreiner's sausage? The whole grain toast was hearty and came with nice butter and jam. The manager here is super nice and very accomodating. Well done guys!
5	After months of eating at Vovomeena, I'm not sure why I shop for groceries any more.  My only complaint?  I wish they were open later.
5	Absolutely delicious food and great service! Very unique menu items and cool atmosphere.
4	The awesome thing about this restaurant is the front of house staff. They are always friendly, attentive, and just fun to talk to. They make you feel at home.The food is wonderful, and the decor is just as wonderful. The parking, however, is impossible after 10am. Go early.The kitchen area is a little disorganized and disheveled, but the kitchen staff manages to crank out quality and good tasting dishes at a good pace.  I'll definitely be back. The food and service is superior. I'll just avert my eyes next time I'm standing towards the kitchen. OK I'm lying: I always look and cannot stop.
1	I love breakfast and was really anticipating vovomeena.  But was quite disappointed. Service was rude. For example; I asked if there was an alternative to the meat sides..... The gals answers was. "You can not have it.".... Wow. Thanks.  Food was nothing to brag about.  Can't say that I feel the need to return or recommend this spot.
5	Really?!? How have I not reviewed you, Vovomeena?This is my go-to brunch place. I just love it. The decor is perfection. The food is delightful. The biscuits are DIVINE. Do yourself a favor and go here ASAP.
4	We went on Mother's Day around 9:00 am and they were able to put tables together for the 10 of us. The service people were very nice and friendly. We really liked the food. Among all of us, we had just about everything on the menu. If I had never had Matt's hashbrowns and bacon, I would have thought theirs were great. Still good though. I had the BMOC and it was wonderful. My husband had the Grilllades. He hates biscuits and gravy so I was surprised. He liked it and the fact that it was spicy probably really helped. I tasted the pancakes and waffles that others had and they also were very good. Based on just one visit, we will definitely go again.
4	Great little breakfast/brunch place with cool chairs and ropes hanging from the ceilings.  We got the Pain Perdu with sausage and a coconut macaroon.  I thought the main dish was a bit too thick and heavy, though my girlfriend liked it.  Neither of us thought much of the sausages. The macaroon was fine, but felt a bit under-cooked.
5	Mexican Benedict zomg!
3	I will admit that the main reason I went to Vovomeena was because I saw the words Portuguese donuts in other yelpers reviews. In Hawaii, there are these little donuts called malasadas but they are technically Portuguese donuts and they are amazing. So I was hoping to get something close at Vovomeena. I didn't but overall my experience was still good.The boyfriend and I went early on a Saturday so it wasn't very busy. We looked around lost and confused for a moment until someone came up to us and told us the drill - order at counter and they bring it to your table. I went basic - eggs and bacon, boyfriend went for the French toast and of course we ordered two donuts.The food came out pretty quickly and the portions were large. My food was good but nothing unbelievable. Boyfriend liked his French toast - it was very dense and heavy so if you're looking for something light, the French toast is not. (I know French toast is not usually a "light" item - I'm just sayin' this was exceptionally heavy.) As excited as we were about the donuts, we were kinda let down. They tasted more like funnel cake than donuts - greasy and heavy. The staff was nice, the food was okay but I don't think we'll go out of our way to go here again.
3	we gave this hip phx spot for breakfast yesterday i had the piperrada satueed vegies with pork shoulder and two eggs i asked for my eggs poached med. unfortunitly they were as hard as rocks the pork was a little dry for my taste my wife had banging pocket which she enjoyed and i tasted as well i thought it was quite tasty service was good and polite the clientele was a young urban mix ...how did i get so old???
4	Love this independent nestled into the corner of chain eateries. Not to be missed!  Thrilled to live in the 'hood so I can walk here.
3	Vovomeena is really good. I've gotten their "giant stack of assorted delicious" item a couple of times now, and it features eggs, meats, and even a portugese donut. Oh, and a pork chop. There's a lot going on.I wish that they were a bit more flexible with the menu. They're very clear about no substitutions, which they're doing in an attempt to ramp up the "fast service" style that they're aiming for, but it rules out a few menu options for me I'd otherwise be really excited to try, and that's a bit of a bummer.The service was really good the first time we went. The second time, we had a hiccup where my meal had gotten lost in the ether, so I didn't get to eat until after my entire party was pretty well done with their food. But mistakes occasionally happen, so no real love lost.Overall, it's pretty damn tasty, and a fun experience. And TONS of food. Worth swinging by.
4	I went there for the first time and I have to admit it was pretty good. I had the Pain Perdue and it was delicious. It could have used a lil more sauce, but it was good! This place is kind of hidden and can easily be overlooked. Its definitely a must try place!!
4	Pricey, but good. I had a homemade biscuit along with their homemade strawberry jam, and it was delicious. My husband loved their banana pudding french toast. The service is mediocre and they don't allow substitutions.
4	The BMOC is pretty big compared to the other entrees. It was a very interesting mixture of sweet and some salty. Quite unique.The place is casual, hip and charming. Really nice atmosphere.
4	Best breakfast on a Sunday!
5	This place is real close to our house. Love, love, love the cold coffee options. Great food with unusual and delicious menu items! We will be back again for sure. :)
3	Waffle was made as good good as a waffle iron can make it. Coffee was brewed as good as an expresso maker can make it. If u like self service, generic food,  and overpriced coffee this is the spot. Get there early to avoid lines.
4	B.M.O.C ReviewCreamy deliciousness in my mouth with a side of food coma. This thing was the bomb dot com. Be warned, it will end your day. Smoked pork chop topped with a waffle, two fried eggs and a Portuguese donut all smothered in apple maple syrup. I was full about 2/3 of the way through this madness but  finished like a champ. 3 cups of coffee later I was able to avoid the food coma but I was still stuffed from breakfast around 8pm that same day. Give it a go homey!
4	I really enjoyed Vovomeena.  The food was excellent and the portions are great.  I would be hesitant to eat there again on a weekend, though.  It was so busy (good for them!)  Hit it up on a lazy Thursday AM for a great, chill, relaxing breakfast.  The Japanese cold brew coffee is very very tasty!
4	The only reason this place received 4 stars instead of 5 is because there are no substitutions. As someone that doesn't prefer to eat meat but loves eggs Benedict I was sad to hear they don't make the meals on site thus can't manipulate them. But their coffee is amazing and the food is delicious!
5	The B.M.O.C. is pretty much the perfect plate of breakfast food.
4	Yeah, it sucks that they don't allow substitutions. I'm not going to argue that.But the food is quality, and the choices are not your standard breakfast-joint fare. Come here because it is something different, not because you want the usual!
4	Not your average brunch place. Their medley of flavors and colors is a sight to behold for your senses. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area... at least for those who have some sense of adventure when it comes to morning fare. That is, assuming you can wade past the crowds that seem to have also discovered this once-quiet place. Darn!
5	No breakfast comes close to filling up my boyfriend then Vovomeena's BMOC. At around $10, how can one go wrong? A waffle, pork chop, 2 eggs, little cinnamon with apples and a Portuguese donut to top it all off. He can't wait to go back for seconds on Sunday. Order was called in and ready within mins. Workers were friendly and courteous, definitely a plus especially for such a busy place.
5	Came here a while ago when my friend worked here!! The restaurant is so adorable and the patio is beautiful. I went back in November when it was really nice weather out so the patio was packed already. The food was so delicious. You just walk up to the counter and order, and then they bring your food to you. I got the johnnycake and they were amazing! It was a huge plate of food...so it's a good deal for the price. The pancakes were huge, and you get a couple of sides. I remember having this rice pudding with golden raisins that was really good.
1	Tried this place for the first time based on the good reviews and enjoying Tuck Shop, however this was a pretty epic fail We arrive at the restaurant and were told by the barista how the menu and ordering works, and we placed our order of the mandatory BMOC and the grillades, and supplemented that with a Coconut Macaroon (not the French hard shell style) that looked good at the counter. We ordered hot green tea and a cappaThe macaroon was mainly coconut with very little cake to it, which was fun for a bit or two, then was one note and disappointing...which was a common themeThe tea came in a regular bag (which was a little bit disappointing for a place that touts their coffee, you would think tea would be more than an afterthought, and then the cappa - which ended up being an espresso covering in foam in a full sized coffee mug. It was clear the barista had no idea what they were doing, I am sure there is a name for espresso doted with foam but it was not in the right cup nor was it what I ordered - that was disappointing. They seem to specialized in cold brew and had 5 or 6 of them going, so maybe that is all they are good at, it certainly isn't making a milk based coffee drinkThe food looked good upon coming out however and the first bite of the BMOC was pretty good, the waffle with syrup and apples was done properly and the pork chop was a good piece of meat, the egg was cooked well. The issue was that it was unbalanced when the components were eaten seperatly and one note when eaten together. The pork chop was salty and a bit oversmoked, so for a bite or two it was great, then it was boring.The grillades was pretty poor all the way around, the biscuit's were not very good and the meat was simple pressed ground beef and it was overly salty, the gravy was not that appealing, a pretty poor rif on traditional biscuit's and gravyabout 1/3rd of the way through the meal we decided we were wasting calories and it was time to goIf you want a great waffle and pork chop - Matt's Big Breakfast is pretty amazing upon comparison - I had wanted to try this place to give it a comparison, and it really makes Matt's stand out, simplicity done well is very hard and they do it there, not so much at Vovomeena
4	Very tasty!  If you are in the mood for comfort food, this is the place. I enjoyed brunch there a few weeks ago with my mom. We both something sweet with a side of savory meat. I had the Johnnycakes which is like a corn pancake with prickly pear syrup. Mom had the boxty which is apple and potato pancake with mascarpone.  We were full for the entire rest of the day I believe.  So satisfying!  There weren't too many healthy things on the menu, but I don't think that's what we were looking for.  Excellent cappuccino too!
4	Went in for some breakfast.  I ordered their Pain Purdu which was amazing.  The carmel whiskey sauce was good and not overly sweet.  The staff was very friendly and the place has a great look.  Nice to have a good breakfast place close to home.  Definitly want to try something else off their menu.
4	My hubby and I have a standing ritual of having Sunday brunch together.  This week we decided to go to the independent standout, on what I call "chain restaurant row" on 7th Ave and McDowell.   And for those who live in South Phoenix/Laveen area, like we do, the trip took us an easy 15 minute drive in Sunday traffic to downtown.If you are going for Sunday breakfast, being an early riser has it's advantages.  I recommend going between the hours of 8:30 and 10:30 am.  We arrived at 10:15am and witnessed  the place fill up quickly at 10:30am.We entered the restaurant from the 7th Ave parking lot.  Vovomeena's has an entrance via the patio.   When you enter from the patio, it's a bit confusing orientation.  To the right you will see the kitchen and that's where you start by grabbing a menu off the wall, stand in line, and place/pay your order at the cashier.  They will give you a number and the server brings the food to the table when ready.   I recommend looking over the menu online prior to your visit, because frankly, I imagine this process to be backed up when the place is crowded by the newbies trying to decide what they want to eat -- there isn't much space to move, so the pressure is on.I noted there were quite a few family with kids.  While my husband and I have a son, we were on a "date brunch" so we chose to sit AWAY from the families :)    I do imagine the patio - during nice whether - to be a perfect spot to have a family breakfast so don't be afraid to bring them along.But let's get to the food!   Vovomeena's serves up such creative concoctions http://www.vovomeena.com/menu.html  I enjoyed the "Johnnycakes", described  on the menu as two chile corn hotcakes, prickly pear maple syrup, served with a side of  sweet rice, and choice of meat.   Layman translation:  sweet corn tamale (with chile) pancakes, rice pudding, and either bacon or schreiner sausage.   I loved my meal - but was not a fan of the prickly pear maple syrup (so much that my husband was reminded of a scene from the Tom Hanks movie "Big" when he chews and spits out his food.)On our next visit, I look forward to trying the "Mexican Benedict" , poached eggs, hollandaise sauce, served on sopes.   This is the kind of interesting culinary twists you can expect to see on the menu.  There is plenty on the menu to keep me entertained and no negative experience to be critical of.     Check it out!
5	Can't believe all the other chain clones in this little strip mall are busy when Vovomeena is often relatively calm.  The food is unique and luxurious, the coffee is some of the best around (bottomless cup on the drip variety), the baristas are bad ass, the place is beautiful and interesting, and the prices are not much more than what you'd pay for a fast food meal.  But I guess if you'd rather go to Jersey Mike's (tm), the Habit (tm), Chipotle (tm), etc. etc., knock yourself out.  I'll be here, fat and happy!
5	Always fast a friendly. The bangin pocket and tortilla espanola are amazing! The patio is nice for kids!
5	I just passed through Phoenix on a road trip with a friend and we stopped here for brunch. I had a banana bread French toast dish with whiskey caramel, it was delicious (though overly sweet). Their bacon was another big up. My friend got the pork chop, I tried a bit and it was excellent. I'll definitely come again if I ever pass through.Edit: Came through a second time and got a black bean and corn egg casserole (three sisters I think). I was equally impressed this time around, though it seemed that the bacon was not the same as what they used the last time. While the bacon wasn't quite as amazing as the last time, it was still perfectly cooked.
5	Great concept in downtown phoenix. They have a separate coffee bar for people who want to order and run. The dining room is open and airy. The food was top notch, home-style cooking. I will return.
4	I wanted something different for brunch. I got the sausage in pita, it was very good. Nice clean restaurant, priced well. I'll be back.
5	We love this place, and go there at least once a week, sometimes twice. It helps that we live walking distance away. Fantastic selection of very interesting and well done breakfast dishes, and wonderful Japanese style cold brewed iced coffee. They have a dog friendly patio around the back, where the waitstaff bring our dogs water in dog bowls without even asking for it. Even more impressive is the service. We were there today (Sunday) and the place was very busy. My wife ordered her favorite, apple and potato boxty. Some time after we ordered, but before we got served, they ran out of boxty. Kai, the manager, came over and offered her anything else on the menu. And then he did something I had only heard about from my parents, about how fine restaurants used to be run. He comped BOTH our meals in apology for running out of my wife's favorite. I thought this kind of service had gone the way of the dodo. I was blown away.
4	Great concept and colorful menu. I have no complaints about the delicious Johnny Cakes I had here, but the Mexican Benedict lacked flavor/spices. We ordered a latte and a cappuccino, and we found that we probably should have stuck with drip coffee here as the espresso was meh. Location is great, but the restaurant is almost completely hidden from the road (somehow?!) Deserves a "4"! Will give it a second try soon
5	Absolutely love this place.  First time there and definitely will be a repeat customer.The menu is so interesting and innovative.  Husband had the Special, biscuits and gravy with fried eggs....this was like no other sausage gravy you have ever had...this was a masterpiece.  I had the potato pancakes with grated apples...fabulous!  Kai, the Manager, is a real professional.  He has this restaurant running like a charm.  He is truly an asset to this establishment.  Can't wait to return.
5	Shared a Mexican Benedict and a banana bread French toast. I was a little disappointed in the French toast. There were whole slices of banana in the bread that were dry in texture. The Benedict was wonderful and had a kick to it. It was served on top of a corn tortilla type muffin and really added to the flavor. The Devore and staff were wonderful. I would definitely go back and try more items off the menu.
5	Every time I visit this spot for breakfast I think why do I go anywhere else ever? Great food, which by the way they will make simple modifications on if you avoid wheat in your diet. Great staff. The Barista who works on Sunday, I don't know his name, but he's always part of a fantastic experience there. Great attitude, big smile, and on top of his stuff! One of the best neighborhood breakfast places in Phoenix.
5	This place is awesome it serves good food, memories of home with awesome decor loved every bite. Will be on a mission to try every plate :-)
4	My sister got the mexican benedict. She said it was super hot yet tasty :) I got the tortilla espanola, ehhhh. The salad was very tangy and has a wierd after taste, it was similar to lasagna really, but other than that my plate was good. :) their house made orange juice was really good. Perfect.I didn't like the set up how you have to get up and order. I love the fresh sun flowers on the tables :)
4	The slightly overpriced Mexican Benedict definitely fulfilled every tastebud craving. The portion was just right, and I ate it all without feeling overwhelmed afterwards. The service was good and the ambient was great!! Good music. Perfect decor. Quite satisfying.
4	I've been wanting to check out Vovomeena for a while, so when my mom and I found ourselves in the neighborhood, we stopped in for Sunday brunch. We both got the basic Wilcox Avenue which came with eggs, toast, potatoes, and bacon or sausage. I got the bacon and my mom had the sausage. We both agreed the potatoes were awesome. I liked the bacon and tried some of my mom's sausage. It was the real, fresh kind of sausage and cooked perfectly. The best part is they have a cute patio area they share with the other restaurants in the section. Made for a cute and relaxing dining experience! Service was good though they did run out of the Sunday special, chicken and waffles.
4	3 visit - first 2 were great / last visit, 3 plates had to be returned ---cold food / might be new cooks / mgmt. did take care of issue . . . .will return . . . .for better results . . .
5	This place is absolutely amazing! A girlfriend of mine mentioned we try it out a few months ago and now we cannot get enough of it. The food is organic, fresh, and just simply delicious!! If you go on a weekend get there early! It is a smaller space and fills up fast. The staff is amazing and super nice! I just wish they were open on mondays....my day off
5	OMG, for sure, a MUST do for breakfast.  The Banana Bread French Toast was amazing, especially with the Caramel Whiskey sauce!  GREAT atmosphere, good service, yummy food.  I will be bringing friends! Thx
4	Good experience at Vovomeena. Hubby had johnnycakes - bacon and sweet rice get 5 stars. Prickly pear syrup was too sweet. I had the special which the kind host made gluten free and switched out the cheese to something not so spicy. It was delicious. The staff was very friendly and gracious. We are looking forward to returning. Vovomeena is the closest thing we have experienced to Marche (for our Nashville friends).
5	First thing as you walk in the Japanese brewing method quickly catches your eye, the service is outstanding and the food is beyond delicious. I myself chose the the three sister omelet and a flight of the house infused coffee. Please don't sell yourself shot, buy the flight. If your definitely looking for a great local spot with local brewed coffee this is the place for you, atmosphere here is great and will not be disappointed with anything on the menu.
5	Must try! Being from Los Angeles where there is a ton of amazing food options, I was surprised there weren't a lot of hip brunch options in Phoenix, but thanks to yelp, I found this spot! Great, amazing, scrumptious food! To top it off, the service is phenomenal!! If I'm ever in Phoenix again, this is the one stop I am adding to my list.
5	We saw Vovomeena was listed as the best breakfast in the neighborhood by the New Times so figured we'd give it a Sunday morning go. What a great place! It's hidden behind the Five Guys in that center so we'd never even seen it before. We were fortunate that it was not as busy as some other Yelpers have experienced and,showing up during a lull, the coffee bar guy even came over and discussed the menu with us. Great service, great food, love the atmosphere and coffee. And all just an easy bike ride down 5th Ave. Sinfully delicious but a worthwhile breakfast bookmark.
4	Really good food and some unique choices. The place however is a tad too expensive in relation to portion size to be honest but I'm willing to pay a little more from time to time to enjoy the food here. Parking can be an issue since there are a ton of places around this place. If you are looking for something new and in the mood for brunch give the place a try.
5	I have never been disappointed while eating here. Every time is a pleasant experience. Yeah, some times when it's busy I can see a little bit of delay with the food but nothing overwhelming. Staff is always helpful and super friendly. And will be happy to add that it is REALLY clean. Big fan of this place and I recommend it to anyone looking for good breakfast with a twist.
3	It was a warm after thanksgiving Friday. I was one of the lone people at the office, my hunger grew and at each attempt for food I was foiled as many places were closed for the day. However I lucked out and found this place. Cute little brunch ish spot.Most of the menu said "your choice of meat" so that meant for me as a veg look elsewhere until I found the roasted veggie and egg burrito (to go only) for ~5.50 I raced back to my desk and tore open the bag. It smelled great maybe beacuse it was also close to 1:30pm and I was starving, but it was a bit small, the tortilla was a bit too soft and moist for my liking the eggs were well cooked as were the veggies the cheese added a bit too much grease for my liking.  The included salsa was unique as it was hot more like a chunky tomato soup.If you are not veg maybe you will find a few more options than I.
4	Great brunch menu! The weather is so beautiful in phoenix right now sitting outside for brunch is perfect. .....They were out of the banana bread pudding French toast so I had an traditional breakfast which was still delicious. I will be back for the French toast sooner than later.
5	I love this place. Extremely creative menu and quality filling food. The atmosphere is comfortable, light, and community oriented. Bring your appetite! The staff is wonderful!
5	GREAT spot for breakfast and coffee! WE decided to try something new in the area, and Vovomeena is about the only place we haven't tried yet. I'm SUPER glad we tried it, as we'll probably be back this coming weekend. The menu is very simple, straight forward and to the point. they have close to 10 different menu items, a mix of omelettes, meats and breakfast dishes. I went with the Biscuits and Gravy with over easy eggs and a Vanilla latte. Wifey had this omellette with feta and a ton of veggies. My daughter went with the kids pancake and eggs, HUGE pancake that was easily enough for her to share with her daddy haha The sausage gravy was the perfect consistency, and the biscuits were done just right. Wifey LOVED her omelette as well. Teh coffee was also done just perfect. All in all, just a great meal at a cool little spot. we'll for sure be back!
4	Excellent food at this out of the way place. Portions  very large and fresh. I want to try everything on the menu. Plan to go back every weekend until I've tried all menu items. Coffee was also delicious and friendly servers
5	I never get tired of this place...ever
4	Second time to Vovomeena- and another excellent breakfast. The cold brew coffee at the front has me believing that they would do pour over coffee, but alas, I was wrong. Just drip coffee. I will move this to 5 stars... If you do pour over coffee :) Breakfast was great- Mexican Benedict: poached egg over chorizo and a corn cake. Delicious!!!Will Definately be back again for breakfast.
5	Outstanding breakfast burrito and Americanos. I will make this my only stop if I am in the area. Fresh cooked (not microwaved), fresh vegetables and eggs. Good portions and fantastic flavor. Please do try it, as I want this local spot to stay open for ever.  I even stop by for a mid-day Americanos because they are soo smooth and the barista pulls the shots just right. Keep it Local!
5	Fabulous European style place! Innovative menu.... Loved it, and can't wait to go back....
4	Great place for breakfast! Awesome combinations, friendly fast service! Omelet was super good and so were the pancakes. We will be back for sure!
3	The food was great, the coffee was delicious.  One coffee barista who was beyond rude, made this a horrible first and last experience at this restaurant. The rest of the staff is very pleasant.  Being told whatever because I wanted to ask my friend what she liked, and not given the option of a refund, when they gave me the wrong $10 jar of coffee to go, after spending $32 bucks for my breakfast and to go coffee, is why I will never go back to this place.  Mistakes happen, and I was understanding of that, but it was how the guy in the 80s glasses handled the situation or more so that he didn't.  To the girl in the pink hair and the register guy, thank you both for being polite and friendly.
3	Unfortunately, I was not a fan of the Mexican Benedict. The chorizo was very greasy and the sopes were stale. I was missing a perfectly toasted, crispy English muffin to soak up my poached eggs. My eggs were perfect but my friend's eggs were overcooked with hard-boiled yolks. I also sampled stale biscuits and gravy. Honestly, KFC has better biscuits. Maybe it was just an off day. I DID enjoy the outdoor patio and order-at-the-counter/seat yourself nature of the place. Very causal place to hang out with friends over food and coffee.
4	Came here for breakfast last Saturday morning. We ordered the Wilcox Ave and Pawtucket west.  The coffee is pretty good, we just had the regular coffee bit they've got quite a selection of brews. The food was great, well priced, and you get a lot of food for what you pay. I recommend getting the sausage, it tasted like it was cooked over an open flame and its taste reminded me of camping :)
5	Why bother with a little side of bacon when you can get a whole piece of pork on top of your waffle? WITH eggs AND a Portuguese donut! B.M.O.C. - just do it. Cute patio area and relaxed atmosphere. Decor is hip and clientele is very mixed. Great people watching :)
4	I had the Savory Crepes, and it was very good. Portion was generous as well.  I went on a Sunday and the wait was not very long. Staff was super friendly, and decorations make this place very cozy, good for meeting up with friends! This place was not so loud that you couldn't hear yourself talking.  Also, they have outside sitting that I highly recommend!
4	I'm always amazed by the uniqueness of Phoenix and the restaurants that are hidden in little corners, just like Vovomeena. I love the mismatched chairs, the simple order at the counter set up and the various cold pour coffees they offer.    I went for a morning brunch with a group of friends on the past rainy Saturday morning. I was torn between every single thing on the menu because it all looked amazing, but wound up getting the 3 Sisters Omelette. I grabbed an O.J. from the little deli case (tasted fresh squeezed!) and a hot coffee. When I went over to the coffee counter and realized they do in house infused coffees I couldn't resist. I got the ginger infused coffee and my friend got the mint one..I was on cloud nine--and not just from all the caffeine!     We sat outside and got sprinkled on but it was perfect all around. Our food came quickly and my omelette was sensational. With black beans, corn, zucchini, mozzarella, feta and two sausages on the side it was a filling meal, but not over the top. The blend of zucchini and black beans with mozz were delicious, I couldn't get over how amazing one of my friends' Pain Perdu looked though. Whiskey caramel sauce? I mean c'mon. That's my next victim for sure.    The staff was friendly, but busy, and the decor is homey and old school vintage. You'll want to sit and relax for awhile while you people watch and sip your delicious drinks!
5	I'll set another scene for you...in a strange city and foodie breakfast tendencies kick in...Yelpers recommend Vovomeena!  Score!  The most difficult part was choosing savory or sweet.  I had the caramelized banana pudding French toast.  Wonderful!  Coffee, good and strong and they had almond milk.  The bacon was also super-lean.  Yum.  My comrades had the sopes with egg and chorizo and the chicken crepes and loved them both.  Bought some cold coffee with cardamom to go.  Delicious.
2	I did not end up eating here. I came on a Sunday late morning and my boyfriend and i spent 15 minutes waiting awkwardly in a corner of the restaurant for a table or seat of any kind to open up before ordering an entire breakfast. When I finally found a 2 top I was told bluntly (by someone who conveniently ignored us standing and wandering around inside and out) that I had to order before I could take a table. It was loud and crowded and although the food smelled great it wasn't worth feeling so unwelcome.
4	Small, local breakfast eatery.  Needed a breakfast fix after a long trip.  Where else to turn, but to my fellow Yelpers.  It is a little hidden from the street, but an excellent find.   Vovomeena has no pretenses.  Pick a menu, order at the counter/cashier, get a number and wait.  If you don't know the drill you might feel a bit lost at first.  The small outdoors dining area is quaint and shared with other businesses.  The morning dine time was quiet and peaceful.  Ordered the Johnny Cakes.  These are 2 large corn 'pancakes'.  Fresh corn and green chiles are dotted throughout, with strawberries on top.  Crispy on the outside, moist and flavorful inside.  A definite recommendation.  These are served with sweet rice and a choice of bacon and sausage.  The sausage had a good bite with plenty of texture.  Nice. The rice seemed like an afterthought, but was tasty nonetheless.  Overall a good dining experience and recommended for a delicious meal.
5	The best coffee I've ever had!! I also had the French toast w honey, marscapone cheese and grated apple. So delicious and the atmosphere is trendy and everyone working there was so friendly
4	They have local coffe that is awesome! The Service is really fast and the food is yummy. Im not really a breakfast person but the food was fresh good. I think my favorite this is the coffee and the homeaid jam for the toast. Awesome cute place.
5	This place rules! I can still taste the banana bread pudding french toast...so good! Great brunch spot with great Japanese cold brew coffee.
5	The Blackstone Scramble is amazing - the pork is incredibly flavorful and the portions abundant. Perfect spot to meet friends and relax on a Saturday morning.
5	Want great coffee  AND a delicious breakfast? I went with my family before an  AZ Science Center outing on a Sunday morning and we had a little 3yr old in tow! It's an order then sit down place which works pretty well unless there's a group like the 5 of us trying to make up our minds. Sorry everyone! I was tempted by many offerings but  but I got the BMOC which has a porkchop that was smoked and heaven "scent" on a waffle with eggs on top of that and a Portuguese donut - I shared this meal with the 3 year old because it is enormous! Hubby got the waffle, son in law got the chorizo egg special, daughter got a tortilla espanola --the meats are superb and come from Schreiner's - I tried the sausage and it had a little spicyness to it and was everything you hope for. It was hard to engage in a conversation because everyone was oohing and ahhin over their breakfast. We loved the flavor of the home fried potatoes too! The donut was light and not like true Malasada's but great for a regular donut. And the baby ate EVERYTHING! I also had a latte and my daughter a cappuccino. This is a great local place with an excellent combo of breakfast AND great coffee -- I don't recall Matt's Big Breakfast offering lattes do you? BONUS! -- we didn't have to wait an hour! This is a great little place -- try it -- you'll like it!
5	Love that is little local spot is a jewel among the chains that surround it on 7th Ave.  It is always busy with activity for breakfast/brunch.  Even though I am not a coffee drinker the Japanese cold brew is a favorite with my husband.  The hot chocolate we ordered for our kids was "real!" The food is reasonably priced and tasty.  The service was quick and the manager walks around checking on the tables.
5	Oh my goodness gracious and all that is foodie heaven. I have been wanting to go here for a long time but I had heard the line is out the door on the weekends and at lunch time. Well, today I had a few appointments nearby and with the urging of the folks in my Dr.'s office I forced the issue and decided to stop in. I am so glad that I did. It was before the lunch rush and not crowded at all. I am not usually a lover of breakfast but this place is wonderful. I enjoyed a peaceful morning. I would come here every day if I could. The food and service were outstanding. I had the most delightful conversation with the manager or owner ( Not sure which) He was absolutely wonderful to me. We talked shop for a long time while he worked the restaurant before it got too busy. For food I ordered the Banana Bread Pudding French Toast and I actually made a "squeekie" noise after taking the first bite. lol.  Okay after every bite, but who's counting. This dish was so delish I scraped the plate clean. I never finish a breakfast plate. I ordered the sausage option and they were good. I had just a regular coffee so I can't comment on the fancier drinks. I can't wait to come back and try all their other dishes. Yum, yum, yum and thank you for taking such good care of me today. I needed that.
5	I've been raving about this place, letting everyone know to come to this little neighborhood breakfast gem.  It is behind some restaurants, but a great find. It catches your eye when you see a line out the door!  As you go to order, food is being prepared right in front of you.   I ordered what people talk about, the Pain Perdu.  The thing that stuck out for me was the Whiskey caramel sauce!  It covers the banana bread pudding french toast and is accompanied with two thick slices of bacon.  It is topped with slices of fresh banana.  Some very comforting dishes if you are in the mood for something sweet or down right tasty they have it all.  Also ordered was the mexican benedict.  It was made with deliciously poached eggs, having a mix chorizo, tomato, onion, it had memorable flavor. Reasonable breakfast prices with tasty selections.
5	Quite possibly my favorite breakfast place in Phoenix.  Working my way through the menu. Don't count out any specials. Love the outdoor patio, flies, not so much. My 1st breakfast was the Mexican Benedict, today it's the special, Portuguese scramble, eggs w/linguica, peppers & potatoes. Very filling!!
5	This is the spot for breakfast or brunch. Highly recommended
4	Being away from family on Easter isn't always easy.  Missing the home cooked goodness and the niece and nephews hunting eggs.  So I was thankful for my two sistas from other mistas for joining me for brunch.This place is super cute and absolutely delish! I ordered the Mexican Benedict.  Sopes instead of bread...chorizo, cilantro and a lovely poached egg with hollandaise sauce! Served with their spuds...I added their arugula salad and dropped that on top of the benedict...perfection!  This place is great! I know we will be back and I'll definitely have the banana bread pudding french toast my friend got...that ish was off the chain!
5	Oh. Em. Vee. This was delicious. New favorite breakfast place obsession has commenced with this lovely little gem. Recommend the Savory Crepes (perfect amount of saucy goodness + cheese + egg) and the johnnycakes. Going to try the three sisters strata next.
5	I had heard that this was a great breakfast spot and it did not disappoint. We went on a Friday morning and it wasn't busy at all and was easy to get a nice table outside for our entire group. You order at the counter and they then deliver your food to you. I had the biscuits and gravy and they were delicious. The biscuits were not my favorite, but they were good, and the gravy was wonderful! I also tried their Japanese Cold Brewed coffee which was very different, but really good. I will definitely be going back!
5	Amazing delicous food; my favorite are the waffles.  They have freshly brew coffe better then starbucks!   The staff is super friendly and attentive.  *****! NEW TIMES (best new breakfast place)
2	The menu is honest and clear: no substitutions. That being said, I couldn't help it. My heart wanted the one omelette option on the menu to be a chorizo omelette instead of a potato omelette. When I asked for the change, the portly hipster behind the counter gave me that look. The one that says, "dude, we're so popular right now we don't have to give you anything."He told me they aren't able to change a thing. I ordered the waffle, bacon, and potoatoes, with a side of scrambled eggs. The waffle wasn't my favorite kind (I prefer one that's crunchy on the outside and soft and delicious on the inside). This waffle was just soft, like a pancake. The eggs were typical. Not fluffy air goodness, like I always hope eggs will be. Bacon was limp and fatty.Sometimes I feel like a breakfast spot like this gets its high ratings mostly because it tries very hard to be unique and trendy, less than because the food is actually delicious. But I'll be honest: I've never craved a pork chop in my breakfast, and this place isn't changing my mind on that front. If you're wanting pancakes and the like (basically dessert) then you're going to love their options here. But c'mon, you could go to a million hip places in the valley that offer a carb-rich, sugar filled pancake and be thrilled. The real posers of breakfast are revealed in how they do the non-carb options. Sorry Vovomeena. For me, you're nothing more than a hipster poser. Great coffee though.
5	We were in a rush to catch the diamondbacks game and wanted some brunch type meal with some coffee. We called ahead to see if there was a wait, and the person of the phone responded with there's never a wait, but it's a little busy right now. I was curious to know how there is never a wait, and it's because you go up to place your order and then find a seat. Very clever way to handle a rush in my opinion. We tried the Japanese iced coffee and it was really good. I had the tortilla espanola, which was delicious and fluffy like a cake, but savory like an omelet. I also ordered a Portuguese doughnut, which was kinda harder than what I would expect a doughnut to be, it was lightly sweet, so it kind of reminded me of a flattened churro.
5	I have been talking about trying this place for nearly two years. I am so happy to report that my personal hype was well rewarded!  I ordered the BMOC.. Oh.. My.. Goodness.. Yumm! I'm not a huge pork chop fan, but this one was cooked to perfection. The mixtures of the sweet and savory fulfilled all of my breakfast cravings. The sweet waffle, apple-maple syrup, and Portuguese doughnut paired perfectly with my poached eggs and pork chop. The portion for the price was incredible. I definitely could not finish my meal, and I like to eat. I also had the Japanese cold brewed coffee which was refreshing on a warm Phoenix morning.  I was surprised how strong the coffee was. Next time I will try the flight of flavors. I will be back!!
4	Finding Vovomeena and parking there are a bit of a challenge.  Accept that challenge!  This delightful, locally-owned place offers wonderful food, ample portions, and high quality at very reasonable prices.  We're vegetarians and Vovomeena makes ordering non-meat items extremely easy.  Have out-of-town guests?  This is definitely a "don't miss" for visitors.
5	Happened upon this place after arriving in Phoenix for a long weekend. The only bad part of breakfast was that this place is so far from Chicago. The pain perdue was just sweet perfection. I usually don't like a whole plate of sweet breakfast food, but the caramel drizzle with the bacon was the perfect accompaniment to the French toast. I will absolutely stop back next time I'm in the area.
2	Strike 1 - Being out of the 'jug-o'coffee'/pitcher of iced coffee, I had to order 3 separate coffees for my group and it was definitely pricier. I was expecting the server to offer a comparable price for the 3 coffees since the restaurant made an excuse about the "pitchers not being delivered" but I guess my expectations were too high. This left a bitter taste in my mouth (not in the good coffee way), and there's also no refill. Since I run on caffeine, there just wasn't enough there to wake me up. Strike 2 - I ordered the blackstone scramble, and the eggs tasted absolutely bland. I'm always looking for a kick in my breakfast to help me wake up (sensing a theme here?)...it just didn't hit that note for me despite the delicious description on the menu. I should not need to drown my food in tabasco for flavor. Strike 3 - I can see the ordering system working to improve efficiency, but in this case, since there were no designated waiters, there was no motivation to assist/clean tables. I didn't see many patrons leaving tip, and this just creates a no win situation on both sides.And I'm out
3	This is closer to a 3.5 review but I can't quite nudge it up to a 4.First off, the food is really good.  We had a Benedict and Johnny Cakes.  Both were tasty,a s was the coffee.  The menu was diverse and interesting and the food arrived quickly.We were lucky enough to share a table  with some friendly people .  The place was packed, with people walking back and forth looking for seating. Now for the stuff that needs improvement:  I am not a fan of the stand-in,-line, serve-yourself format in small spaces.  The coffee stand is awkwardly placed and, combined with the lack of seating, makes for a lot of unnecessary congestion.I get the need to turn tables quickly but would like to be able to linger over a cup of coffee, especially at these prices.I wish you well , Vovomeena, and know that you have a lot of fans.  I may try you again on a weekday but you're a little too claustrophobic and hectic for me on the weekends..
4	So I've lived downtown for over a year now but only just now got around to trying this place for the first time.  Yeah, I know, fail on my part.  But better late than never.  I've always loved Tuck Shop and found out the same owners also run this little breakfast place.  So up early on a Sunday morning I decided to venture in.I wandered in by myself right at opening.  The restaurant is packed into a cluster of restaurants on the southeast corner of 7th Ave & McDowell.  You can enter from the courtyard patio area on the west or the parking lot on the east.  The interior is cute and comfortable with enough seating for probably around 40-50 people, though it still has the feel of a small tucked away place.  There's a couple of counter areas inside.  One looks like it was strictly for selling their in-house Mornin Moonshine coffee brand.  The main counter is where you put in your order.  No waiter service here as you just order your meal at the main counter and find seating on your own.  Easy enough for me since I was by myself and the bulk of the morning crowd didn't stream in till later.Looking through Yelp and perusing the menu, the BMOC seems to be the star here so I decided to give that a whirl.  Meal came out to me about 10 minutes after I ordered.  Long story short, this is a breakfast that eats like a dinner.  The layers from bottom to top are as follows:  Waffle, smoked pork chop, apple maple syrup (with actual diced apples), 2 eggs (any style you want), and a fried donut with powdered sugar.  I can promise you won't go home hungry after eating this.  Lots of flavor in this thing.  I especially loved the apple syrup as it helps mellow the smoke flavor of the pork chop and goes excellent with the waffle.  The pork chop itself is well cooked and hearty, though the smokiness of the pork chop might have been a little bit overpowering for my taste.  But overall, good solid chop.  The best way to attack this dish in my humble opinion is to try and get a fork full of all 5 layers at the same time.  You get a little of everything.Total tab for the BMOC as well as an OJ came to about $15.  Pretty reasonable for the amount of food I got.  I think next time I come here I might give the Mexican Benedict or the Johnnycakes a try.  Overall a pretty solid and unique breakfast and brunch option downtown.  My first experience wasn't perfect, but more than worthy of another visit (and next time it won't be a year in the making).
5	I am big on breakfast, I mean it's super important. I like to think of Vovomeena as inspiration for me to open a breakfast restaurant in the future. I LOVE this place! I've tried almost everything, everything is so so good. Of all the times I've visited, never been disappointed. Ice coffee is bomb! Tortilla espanola, bmoc, waffle, pain perdue, everything is great! The staff is also very friendly. When I took my dog to the patio, they came out with a bowl of water and offered that I buy her a cold protein snack! Always looking forward to my next visit!
4	For a quick, gourmet breakfast this place is the spot! I had the apple and mascarpone stuffed french toast and it was just as delicious as it sounds! The food and atmosphere is definately in with the hipster crowd right down to the 19th century hair cuts some of the staff was sportin'.  They do not serve alcohol but they had a coffee and tea bar for those looking for caffiene fix.  The only downfall was that it was very crowded and hard to find a seat.  When you did find a seat you had individuals standing around either looking for their seat, the menu, or in line to order.  However if their only downfall is that they are too busy then I guess they are doing something right!Will definately be back!
5	Wow! Just WOW!! You need to try this place. If you love breakfast at all, you need Vovomeena in your life. For your first trip I HIGHLY recommend trying the B.M.O.C. It sounds weird (I mean a pork chop on a waffle with an egg?) but it will change your life. For the better. And their infused coffee, delish. Or if plain ole joe is more up your alley, they have bottomless cups of freshly brewed local beans. Also, they use Schrieners sausage. Nuff said. Oh and the people there are awesome! Super nice, welcoming, make you feel like a regular even if it's your first time! In summation, go to Vovomeena. You will thank me.
5	When a midweek brunch can bring back fond nostalgia of flavors from a childhood you never had, it's a big win. First, let's talk Mornin' Moonshine, shall we? Truly a stellar coffee product that is created with care and precision that you can taste. It's as artful as it is delicious. I knew it was more than I could eat, but I had to order the b.m.o.c., which is a waffle topped with a pork chop and eggs. This dish is also garnished with a Portuguese donut. My husband ordered the savory crepes, which were topped with a red pepper sauce that replaces ketchup in my book. Truly satisfying, tasty and the service was top-notch despite the order-at-the-counter-and-pick-a-seat setup.
3	I ordered the Mexican eggs benedict and it was decent. The sopes which replaced the traditional English breakfast muffin were kind of tough and super dense. Maybe they were just overlooked. The chorizo filling was ok, with a bit of a kick in spice. The eggs were poached just fine, but they apparently didn't drain them enough before they were placed on top because there was water on top of the chorizo that spilled out when I cut into the egg benedict. The one redeeming point was the iced cold brew coffee. It was very smooth.
4	We walked up to the patio not sure what we were supposed to do, but they had a guy watching out for such visitors and he came over to show us how the restaurant is set up.  So you order at the counter, take a number and they bring the food out to you - kind of like Panera or Paradise Bakery.We tried the orchard french toast and biscuits and gravy.  Both were solid solid dishes!  At about $10 each, I think the french toast could have used another slice though.  The lemon bar was also very good, though my friend thought it was a bit too tart.  I enjoyed it though, seems like they included pulp which I liked.  The coffee was also delicious - hot not iced.Yes, I am a fan, though it lost 1 star for portion size.
3	I have heard great things about this place. My husband and daughter had the waffle and pancake, respectively. Both of them loved their meals. I tasted the pancake, and it was light, fluffy and delicious! I had the biscuits and gravy, which I did not enjoy. The biscuits were flat and dense, and I had a hard time cutting it with a fork. The gravy was okay, not bad, but not wonderful. I will definitely give this place another try, I'll just choose a different item next time.
5	Very friendly staff and the the food, there is a lot and very tasty. I will be back when I am in town and highly recommend it.
5	2nd time in today. I adore this place. The service is great and the food is wonderful. A bit more crowded then the last time but no worries. I stayed a while and was not rushed out. I will have to try something other than their to die for "Pain Purdue" though the next time I come in. The owner/manager, and other patrons it seems, suggest "The Pocket." So next time it is a pocket for me.  Vovomeena has great sausages too. Some of the best I have had in AZ. In a city that thinks "Matt's Big Breakfast and Denny's are Foodie Heavens ( Why?) I am happy to find Vovomeena. Drawback- it is pricey but I do not have to eat again all day after eating here. lol
5	In Phoenix on business and yelped for a good breakfast place. Very impressed with the food, quick service and casual atmosphere. If I lived here Vovomeena would be a fav.
4	I love the indie restaurants that fill up old buildings and provide a delicious meal in a warm, inviting space.  Brunch at Vovomeena was also enough to fill me up for the whole day.  Two of us had a BMOC and a pain perdu.  It was a nice combo, hearty, savory, sweet.  The BMOC's tender waffle is a counterpoint to all of the other goodness that smothers it while the smoked pork chop is in small pieces to make the eating easier.  Pain perdu is a luscious excuse to eat bread pudding for a meal!  Ask for the syrups and sauces on the side so that you can customize your sugar rush.  The ginger morning moonshine was good, but I'll probably pass on the next trip and there will be another visit in the plans soon.
4	Totally surprised by this place. Having just moved here not too long ago I had to find the best French toast spots. DID NOT disappoint. I'm currently waiting to invite people and go again. I probably can't tell you enough how good it was. Everyone in my party of 4 was highly impressed and wouldn't stop raving about the food all day. Kinda weird walking in but plenty of help once you're in. Take a look at the menu and anything you pick you'll be satisfied.
5	Food was fantastic!!! This is a hole in the wall place kind of hidden as the entrance is in a small parking lot-no signage on street but a must go! Service was great. They appear to be about different and unique coffee yet the coffee was in self serve dispensers-not my fave but again our good was unique and yummy!
3	It was pretty good. I had the B.M.OC,pork chop was good. That being said,waffle was soggy from too much syrup. The eggs were well,eggs. The donut thing was ok all in all it was ok I'll go back to try something else. Oh and the coffee was pretty good.
5	Beautiful shabby chic interior. Great cafe style ordering of food. Wonderful service. Food was impeccable! Japanese cold brewed coffee was to die for!I've been here a good handful of times and tried something different from the menu each time.  My favorite so far is either the Mexican Benedict or the Banging Pocket. Each has its merits. This gem is from the same folks that brought us Tuck Shop and Astor House. The same staff from what I remember from Astor house, even, if I remember correctly. Everyone is super friendly regardless.Just one more reason to love breakfast. Thanks Vovomeena!
4	So I came for the first time today and it was PACKED at 11-11:30am. Tip: do NOT come on Sunday mornings around this time (maybe better next Sunday?)I got my food at a pretty reasonable time considering the amount of guests here. Was told the Portuguese donut wasn't available anymore and was kinda disappointed but when they brought out my food I had to ask if that was it or not. Apparently I lucked out and got it anyhow. 4 stars because of the great tasting food. Solid amount of food to definitely feed you and your girlfriend (bmoc at least).Come give em a try! But sit inside and make sure you don't have a crowd of over 2 because seating is limited.
3	We went here kinda buying into the yelp hype and we were slightly let down. The coffee was fantastic and strong. The food was just alright but I may be spoiled comparing it to other places around town. I tried the bmoc some crepes dish and the Mexican Benedict and all were tasty just not really my cup of tea. I would say the chorizo on the biscuit with a poached egg tasted the best of everything I tried. The service was great and the atmosphere was trendy and hip. This would be a good place to take someone new on a breakfast date. I may give it another shot later down the road and update my review but as of right now I think the stars fit the place.
4	I loved the people in here (employees were super friendly)....I loved the patio. I loved the free parking. The design and little kitchy things that made this place unique. My husband said his espresso was excellent. Seemed like a super popular place. I feel like the menu could be better somehow. Wish they had poached eggs. This was my only problem: I discovered a hair in my food.....I was upset. I didn't tell anyone. I was grossed out. The people, staff were welcoming and super friendly. That part I loved.
5	I have been here twice now. I anxiously await my next visit !! :) I have been able to try the johnny cakes ( perfection ! Better than mine -pat pat ) the biscuits and gravy (oh my wow ! So sausagyyy and herby and creamy and wow !) the b.m.o.c. (way more that I dreamt it would be, tender smokey pork, sweet strong vanilla waffle make magic together) and the pancakes and bacon (right on). Their potatoes are outstanding. Their coffee is wonderful. The customer service is caring. The decor is nice. Great spot !
4	It's an average late morning, you're off for the day--1- Awaken your tastebuds and find a friend (yeah, the real kind)...2- Park in the back3- Get in line at the counter4- Order the Flight o' cold brew coffee, Mexican Benedict and Pain Perdu   A Savory and  Sweet, respectively5- You will pay and tip generously (15% maybe 20%)    Just do it6- Get your number and sit at a table7- Your name (or a simplified substitiute) will be called, go get your coffee from the 'bar'8- Sip and share the cold coffee9- Your delicious food will arrive10- You will eat exactly HALF then switch with your friend   Why do you resist!  Sharing is caring!11- Your quality of life will improve by 7.8%12- And then you will leaveI can't make it any easier.The food here is excellent and fulfilling.  You will probably not need to eat till the next day (if your an average human, like me --- just average).-Enjoy
1	I had read a review about this place and was so excited to give it a try. We arrived this morning at apex. 10:30am and it was fairly crowded. Walking in, there was a bar/shelf with water jugs and coffee jugs and people lining the wall. I could see people in line by the grill but we were unsure what to do. An employee asked if it was our first time and explained that "we order our food by the grill and it was self seating". My husband and I got in line and were one party away from ordering when we saw a two person table open.  I told him to go grab the table and I would place his order. Nobody was trying to get to the table so he casually walked over and sat down. Another employee then came up to him and told him that he needed an order number and would have to get up from the table. He pointed to me near the register and said I was about to put the order in, but the employee asked him again to vacate the table. My husband was embarrassed at being asked to get up. At that point, I left the line and the employee advised me that it was courtesy to not sit down until I had an order number. I was appalled to say the least. Nobody bothered to tell us that when we walked in. Self seating to me means just that - you seat yourself at a vacant table. I have NEVER been asked to vacate a table in a restaurant before. I was to be a paying customer, not a bum off the street begging for a free meal. It was rude and uncalled for. If that was the policy, it should be told up front when you walk in (a host might be a novel idea). Furthermore, instead of being rude, you could have chalked it up to new customers who didn't know the non-posted seating policy and just explained it without asking them to vacate their seat, especially since I was next in line to get that coveted order number that you apparently require. I am thoroughly disappointed and appalled. We eat out 4-5 times per week and love to support local restaurants. This is one local restaurant I will never support. Sad really because the food sounds and looked wonderful.
5	The french toast, waffles, omelets, the orange juice, the employees, the coffee, and the set up. All top notch! Probably the best french toast I've ever had. If you go, get the orange juice. Nothing better than freshly squeezed juice with your French toast, waffles, or omelets!
3	Me and my bf have been wanting to try this place for a while because we've seen other Yelpers' reviews and pictures. First off, for first timers, vovomeena is one of those places where you stand in line and order first then get to find a table, which I don't mind, unless there are no tables available by the time you order. We ended up sitting outside. The food came out pretty quickly; I ordered the Mexican Benedict and my bf ordered the Banging Pocket. My food looked good at first glance, until I noticed a puddle of grease under the eggs. Since it was a variation of a traditional Benedict, it came on sopes instead of English muffins, which was not my cup of tea. The Banging Pocket was described to me as cheesy eggs and sausage in a pita.  It was very one-note and just needed something... The food was nothing to rave about and definitely nothing to come back for. We decided that this was one of the few times Yelp ratings and reviews let us down :(
3	Vovomeena why were you so hard to find!!! Whether you're driving down McDowell or 7th avenue you won't see it. Maybe we just missed it, but I didn't see any sign whatsoever. The only one was right about their door, but you can't see it well from the street. We got lost and drove around and couldn't find it. I had to text my sister to see where it's at. I ordered the banging pocket which I didn't think was very banging. Lol. It comes with sausage and eggs wrapped in a pita with a side of potatoes. It would've been nice with some onions or mushrooms or something. It just wasn't anything great. There isn't a lot of seating at the restaurant. You probably have to come early to get a table or you'll end up sitting outside in the hot weather. They should really install misters. The service was really good but it was a far drive for mediocre food.
5	AWESOME!!!!! I got the Wilcox Avenue and a waffle....the customer service was top notch, I actually made a mistake and ordered a dish that didn't come with a waffle, and was given the waffle for free....(can't beat free)
5	Looking for a good breakfast after I dropped my kids off for school  Went on Yelp and wanted to try something new.The choice was easy to try Vovomeena when I saw Johnnycakes on the menu.  This is a must for any Rhode Islander that has moved away!  The menu had a few references to my rhode Island upbringing.Great atmosphere when you walk in - neighborhood place and very comfortable.The cold drip coffee is unique and has great flavor - I went for the iced decaf today and will get again.Now for the food - I ordered the Johnnycakes (corn pancakes) light and flavorful with real corn inside adding to the texture of the pancake.  I tried it with a piece of bacon and sausage - both very good.  The twist on the pate was the sweet rice - what a compliment to the johnnycakes. The prickly pear maple syrup compliments it very well.I will be back and back and back again - thank you!
5	Always wondered what this place was and I am so glad I tried it out. My boyfriend and I went on a Saturday morning. We didn't have to wait to order, which isn't the norm at most breakfast places downtown on the weekend. The staff was very friendly when we arrived. We both ordered the biscuits and gravy. The food arrived to our table quick, less than five minutes after ordering. The portion was large and it tasted great. I enjoyed the atmosphere and really liked the coffee bar. I would definitely recommend this place to friends. We will be back soon!
1	Food was tasteless.  Potatoes came to the table looking like a soggy mess.  I asked the manager if he could bring out crispy potatoes.  He told me that NO, he could not, because the potatoes were "pre-made".   I am sorry, but any restaurant that is unable to throw some potatoes in a pan and crisp them up is no place for us.  We ate one bite of the other items we ordered, were very disappointed, and left.
4	Great brunch place with a cool southern twist to the traditional american diner brunch food. The cuban benedict daily special tasted more like an open top burger than the traditional eggs benedict. The b.m.o.c was rather large in portion size. I like that the slightly salty smoked pork chop goes very well with the plain waffles and sweet apple-maple syrup. The blend in sweet and salty, as well as the different textures made this a rather well executed dish.Their special Japanese ice coffee was also rather tasty, and definitely did the job of giving me the caffeine kick I needed!
4	I enjoyed this spot. First off you grab a menu and seat yourself then decide what you'd like to eat after which you head to the area where you order you food and drinks. Grab a number and they deliver your food to you. There is a coffee bar where you go to get your coffee. The coffee was good. My food came out fast and was fresh and hot. I ordered the pudding bread French toast (Pain Perdu), it was very good. Very inexpensive place to eat and conveniently located in central Phoenix. Enjoy!!!
3	I am hard to impress when it comes to breakfast.  The food was alright, nothing to write home about.  You won't find crispy potatoes and the pancakes are thin and soggy.  We tried the donut and it tasted of the dirty oil it was fried in. Everything else was average. The ambience is fresh and casual.  You order at a counter, receive a number and take a seat.  I wouldn't come out of my way to eat here, but if I found myself here through friends, I wouldn't object.
5	Wow! So impressed.  Breakfast is one of the best I've ever had.  Good service, nice fresh environment and a big plate of delicious enjoyment.  Looking for a quality place with top quality food?  Stop here; I promise you won't regret it.
2	If you go to Vovomeena, go for the coffee. They have an amazing cold drip system that produces a wonderful iced coffee, and you can tell that the owners take a lot of pride in it. The food is interesting, but ask questions about what you're ordering. The menu descriptions are brief and you may be surprised at what you are actually served.
5	A quick stop on the way to the airport yielded two very satisfied and happy customers. Mexican Benedict was perfect to split between us. Service was fast, and very friendly. Coffee was well above average. Environment puts this place to the 5 stars. My only regret, not being able to try other menu options. We watched some doses come out of the kitchen with our eyes wide and impressed.
4	Small spot with good food. I came specifically for the Banana bread pudding French toast with caramel rum sauce, and it was worth the trip if you like sweet for breakfast. But I noticed a lot of savory items being served.
5	What a wonderful place for breakfast.   Great concept great execution.  Fabulous coffee.  Makes me wish I lived in Phoenix.
5	My favorite breakfast spot by far. Vovo has an intriguing ambiance and a creative menu. The food is always excellent and the iced coffee rules over all others. Don't go during prime breakfast hours or you risk having a disappointing experience; it gets waaay busier than it's queuing model has the capacity to handle. Many favor matt's big breakfast over vovo, but I don't get it; matt's is boring by comparison.
5	The Service, Atmosphere and Breakfast - all top notch! I had the Orchard French Toast with brekafast potatoes and it was delicious. All the flavors melted together on the french toast and the potatoes were crispy and soft, just how i like them. I held out to eat here on my 4 hour drive from California and I am so glad I did. Breakfast Heaven!
5	Highly recommend. Will definitely be back to try something else. Great value as well. Could charge a lot more for the quality of food. The B.M.O.C. is a BAMF!!Great coffee too.
4	Price - reasonable rangeService - prompt and friendly Atmosphere - parking kind of hard but has a nice outdoor area . Overall neat and hipFood - flavorful :) pretty decent overall.
5	Stopped in for a mid-morning breakfast and was absolutely delighted with my choice. I enjoyed the Johnnycakes (corn & chiles) with sweet rice and fried potatoes. The Johnnycakes were tender, crispy, and oh-so flavorful. The prickly pear maple syrup was smashing drenching the salty cakes. The sweet rice was like a breakfast rice & raisins dish and meshed perfectly with the savory cakes. The potatoes were crispy on the outside, cooked through within and flavored with crispy little onion slivers. The weather has become perfect for enjoying a meal outdoors - go for it!!
5	Seriously, kind of wish I never tried their waffle because it was THAT good! Urgh, now I'll never want one anywhere else! An additional bonus, the bacon was fabulous! Love the atmosphere and how on top of it the staff was! That in itself, is hard to come by!
5	Ordered the tortilla espanola when I first came here (over a year ago with some coworkers) and loved it. I really want to visit again and try some of their other yummy-sounding dishes.
5	Great breakfast, really enjoyed the breakfast potatoes, that are typically a miss for me, and the biscuit was tender and flaky. I am in the area all the time and never realized this little gem was there. Definitely can easily become a new breakfast fav!!!
4	Love this place... Atmosphere is great, very friendly,  but parking is sometimes a little crazy.  Great food, coffee orders are sometimes a little slow,  but those donuts make it all worth it!  Yum, just like the ones I had in Maui.
5	I use to live in Downtown and loved going to Vovomeena, Now I reside in Laveen, Arizona There is no place like Vovomeena down here. Vovomeena is just EXCELLENT! Love the Willcox Ave. Hopefully Vovomeena will open more locations throughout the valley.
5	The Banging Pocket is by far one of the best breakfast items in Phoenix. No joke. I get cravings for it. That smoked gouda, man. It makes all the difference.
5	Delicious! Our first time, on our way to Veteran's parade! Gave us 1/2 off our total bill for my husband's service! Will fill in details later! Very impressed!
5	I absolutely loved this place! The food was amazing & the atmosphere was as well. Go here now!
5	Reviews is based on the Savory Crepe and Bangin Pocket.Atmosphere - the wood decor was unique  and love the outdoor patio Food - both dishes were super yummy and filling The latte was also very amazing...for sure better than Starbucks The manager and staffs were professional and friendly.If I live around here I would come often esp the weekends!
5	My favorite meal of the day is breakfast. Today was my first time at Vovomeena and I was so impressed. The entire experience was amazing!The atmosphere is just great. Very chic ambiance, nice art, wood detail on the wall....Loved it. The service was great as well. Everyone was really nice and helpful. The food, I must say was my favorite part. I had Savory Crapes and I will dream about them tonight. They were amazing. My boyfriend had BMOC and he was really happy with his order as well. This place is just one more reason for me to love breakfast even more so. I am so glad we found this place and mostly glad we live in the coolest part of Phoenix that is full of cool new local places like this one. Thanks Vovomeena and thank you Mid/Central Phoenix!
3	Went there for a brunch date yesterday. Service was  fast despite the long lines. I had the Johnnycakes and a chai latte. The johnnycakes were good. I found the syrup to be too sweet for me and the bacon was meh... I never say that about bacon, like ever. My date had the Mexican Benedict and he enjoyed it.
5	Brunch porn. Soft yolk dripping all over the place...ohh baby. This place is amazing and the cold drip coffee is to die. The menu is small but mighty. Very cute little spot that looks like the inside of an instagram. I love coming here on Saturday mornings for a quick bite.
5	My boyfriend and I love this place. It's definitely our #1 choice for breakfast. Service is great and so is the food. The owner always acknowledges us, says it's nice to see us. I get the 3 Sister's and my bf gets the Wilcox Avenue. Also, if you sub a veggie for meat they take a dollar off. Two thumbs up!!!
5	Full disclosure: I'm not a pretentious foodie.  But, I do enjoy a wonderful meal and we found one today at Vovomeena.  The pain perdu (banana bread pudding french toast with whiskey caramel sauce) will be a contender for my last meal.The service, simple atmosphere and price point were equally delicious.Vovomeena management, get yourself to Chicago!
4	Interesting place.  I have been here a few times, generally because there is nowhere else to go.  The food is good (but weird and not in a way that you would brag to your friends) and the prices a little too high.  It's just okay but I like that I can sit outside and it is cozy and quiet. Shout-out to Ryan and the vegan woman from Astor House -- you guys are the best.
4	One of the other Yelpers mentioned this place was like the restaurant from the "Brunch Village" episode from Portlandia and they were absolutely right! Phoenix has its version of "Fisherman's Porch" and it does what it does well.That being said, this place is not for everyone. If you are not gastro-venturous and willing to pay for being so, then this is probably not your scene.I was actually happy to find that I literally beat the crowd Sat around 11am (there was absolutely no one in line when I placed my order and the second I was handed my number there was a line out the door..,?). They have an interesting service setup here, which again, only works for a place like this. It is quasi-counter service in that you order at the counter and are given a number and afterwards can choose your seat. They also have a coffeebar, where you see the japanese cold brew drips hourglassing above, where you can pick up your ordered beverages. Based on your number, your food is brought to your table.I ordered the mexican benedict (warning, the sauce and chorizo do have a somewhat spicy kick to them) which was delicious. The potatoes in other reviews were mentioned as "mushy" but I did not find them to be so. They were not as crispy as they could have been, but definitely leaned towards the cooked rather than soft side. I also loved that they have a "coffee flight" of their japanese cold brews. The ones I sampled were the "straight", vanilla cocao, and an lemon jalapeno. The latter was the only one I did not care for. I could have had a full serving of the vanilla cocoa as the density of the coffee balanced out the sweetness of the flavoring and was just perfection! I ended my meal with a portuguese donut, which is, imho, the lovechild of a beignet and indian fry bread, and I will say, their offspring was exquisitely delicious!The space itself was great and I loved the rustic contempo decor. The patio seating area is a kind of shared space w/the entrance to the courtyard of the little shopping center they occupy. Parking is a little limted, but thankfully I didn't have any issues finding a space.All in all, a fantastic experience and should I ever find myself in the downtown area (or short drive from Sky Harbor) again, I will make a detour.
5	This place has amazing breakfast food! I have tried something different every time and have loved every bite of it all. Their Portuguese donuts dipped in their strawberry jam is out of this world. You definitely have to try this place out. It's pretty busy on Saturdays, but if you go early enough on Sunday you can beat the crowd. They had these ooey gooey butter bars and they were amazing, but I haven't seen them in a while, so that's my only complaint.
5	Wow! I had a great breakfast! The BMOC. Who would've thought that a pork chop would pair so well with a waffle? It was tied together perfectly with apple compote and maple syrup. Topped with two eggs sunny side up, it was the perfect combination of savory and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised that the pork chop was smoked,  which really made it pop! On the side was a warm Portuguese donut, which is like a fritter, only less dense and sprinkled with powdered sugar. Although very oily, it was sweet and delicious. The coffee was excellent, roasted locally in Cave Creek.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was modern and traditional fused together. It's small, but well lit, and family friendly. I was intrigued by the walk up format and the tiny front kitchen. It is a wonder that they work so efficiently and quickly there. The service was fast and friendly. The prices were good, nothing more than $12, and the majority of the small menu breakfast entrees were $8-9. A great value. I do believe I've found my new favorite breakfast diner!
5	I really dig this place! There's plant of outdoor seating, the Mexican Benedict was delicious, the coffee is delicious and they have honey and almond milk sitting out. I like those subtle touches of class.
5	I adore Vovomeena. I love the ambiance, the quirky and friendly staff, and the delicious food. In my opinion, the prices are also really great for the type of food you are receiving. I have tried most items on the menu....my favorites being the savory crepes, the biscuits and gravy, and the johnnycakes. I also love the cold brew coffee! If you're feeling adventurous, you can order a flight of varying flavors of cold brew (which they typically choose for you).  I love how creative the staff can be with the flavors, and also that one can tell how passionate for coffee making they are. :) It can be very busy on the weekends, so for a first time visit I recommend going during the week (although not on Mondays, when they are closed). This way, you can enjoy a more laid back experience. (Sometimes the lines go out the door during the weekends, just as a heads up.) It is one of my favorite restaurants to frequent in Phoenix.  I highly recommend it!
5	This has become one of our new favorite breakfast places in Phoenix, The Vovomeena! They have unique food combinations that are delicious, a very comfortable dinning experience and their name is fun to say ~ Vovomeena.  Say it with me; "Vovomeena" :-)zee food ~ My fave is the Mexican Benedict or the BMOC.  They both are excellent choices!  The Mexican Benedict has great favor and textures with poached eggs a top of the english muffins with some chorizo and a great hollandaise.  The BMOC is pockchop/waffle/eggies and a portuguese donut (not made by a portugese person nor flown in from Portugal because I asked..) is a flavor-fest!   My son loves the Pain Perdu which is banana bread pudding french toast with the most amazing whiskey caramel sauce and a side of bacon or sausage.  I like it as well! The coffee is great and they provide you with a to-go cup when you're ready.  zee place to eat ~ it's nicely decorated with plenty of seating despite this place is so small.  They have a few larger tables, which provide you an opportunity to dine with others you may or may not know :-)  The staff is very friendly and they are always ready to help you find their morning moonshine.  It's a great little place for breakfast.  I hope to see you there some day soon!  I'll save you a spot at the end of the big table :-)
4	One of the other Yelpers mentioned this place was like the restaurant from the "Brunch Village" episode from Portlandia and they were absolutely right! Phoenix has its version of "Fisherman's Porch" and it does what it does well.That being said, this place is not for everyone. If you are not gastro-venturous and willing to pay for being so, then this is probably not your scene.I was actually happy to find that I literally beat the crowd Sat around 11am (there was absolutely no one in line when I placed my order and the second I was handed my number there was a line out the door..,?). They have an interesting service setup here, which again, only works for a place like this. It is quasi-counter service in that you order at the counter and are given a number and afterwards can choose your seat. They also have a coffeebar, where you see the japanese cold brew drips hourglassing above, where you can pick up your ordered beverages. Based on your number, your food is brought to your table.I ordered the mexican benedict (warning, the sauce and chorizo do have a somewhat spicy kick to them) which was delicious. The potatoes in other reviews were mentioned as "mushy" but I did not find them to be so. They were not as crispy as they could have been, but definitely leaned towards the cooked rather than soft side. I also loved that they have a "coffee flight" of their japanese cold brews. The ones I sampled were the "straight", vanilla cocao, and an lemon jalapeno. The latter was the only one I did not care for. I could have had a full serving of the vanilla cocoa as the density of the coffee balanced out the sweetness of the flavoring and was just perfection!I ended my meal with a portuguese donut, which is, imho, the lovechild of a beignet and indian fry bread, and I will say, their offspring was exquisitely delicious!The space itself was great and I loved the rustic contempo decor. The patio seating area is a kind of shared space w/the entrance to the courtyard of the little shopping center they occupy. Parking is a little limted, but thankfully I didn't have any issues finding a space.All in all, a fantastic experience and should I ever find myself in the downtown area (or short drive from Sky Harbor) again, I will make a detour.
4	Great brunch place and not as expensive as what you would find in New York! My recommendations are the Johnnycakes and the b.m.o.c.Johnnycakes (Two corn and chile cakes, prickly pear maple syrup, sweet rice) - My favorite of what we ordered. The cakes tasted like thin crispy cornbread with whole corn kernels throughout the pancake. The syrup was on the flowery side. Add a side of potatoes and this was a perfect breakfast.b. m. o. c. (Massive Smoked Pork Chop, waffle, 2 eggs, Portuguese donut) - The waffle itself was soggy, but the pork chop was juicy and massive as advertised. It was similar to ham and it combined well with apple compote. The donut tasted like a fried fritter. I recommend ordering this.Pain Perdu (Banana bread pudding french toast, whiskey caramel) - The banana bread was too sweet and too soggy. The whiskey caramel added more unnecessary sweetness. Order this only if you have a huge sweet tooth. I loved the crispy side of potatoes though. Biscuits and Gravy (Buttermilk Biscuit, Hector's White Sausage Gravy, Two Eggs - The sausage had a somewhat spicy kick. Biscuits were fluffy. Eat this dish while warm because the gravy becomes too thick and viscous.Order at the cash register and they'll bring you the food to the table. To get drinks, order/retrieve them from the drinks counter. Overall, I enjoyed this place and if I lived here I would frequent this place often.
5	Yo this is my jam.  Favorite place to eat breakfast never am disappointed. High quality ingredients bomb coffee.  Always get the omelet cause it's straight fire. Add a donut for extra happiness.
4	Lovely hidden treasure in downtown phoenix. Very casual concept that just seems to work no matter how crowded it is. Great customer service and a nice relaxing atmosphere. Good amount of parking very clean inside and out. The food is from local source and is simple but very tasty and you get a healthy serving as well. No doubt we will return!
5	Our Friend posted on Facebook about Vovomeena and RAVED about the Pain Perdu. Naturally, we had to check it out. The Pain perdu is Banana bread pudding French toast, whiskey caramel, and a choice of meat or spuds. Like the G that I am, I had the turkey sausage and the spuds (so damn good)! The sausage was OK, but the spuds were cooked to perfection, and let me tell you about that banana bread pudding French toast... "So, good you'd slap yo Momma" - Pops! Much like the Terminator, "We'll be back!" to terminate some other yummy selections from their simple, but yummy menu selection.Until Next Time... MainePSThe ICED COFFEE isn't to be played with, I was full of energy for the rest of the day! The OJ is really good, taste so fresh, and so squeezed!
5	Quaint atmosphere, definitely a spot that you could easily pass up but after reviewing other Yelpers I'm glad that we stopped by. The food was fantastic with unique twists to some favorites. Space is limited inside so get there early otherwise they have a small dining section outside in the courtyard.
