2	I really don't like this place.  I had a burger with way too much fancy stuff.  I think I had an onion focacia bun and it just sucked.  Overpriced and not good.
4	I only ding it a star for the singing.  As with all of this style restaurant they do the obnoxiously loud birthday singing that makes you have to pause your conversation and wait, and wait...and...they seem to average 3-5 birthdays per meal that I have there.  How about a little cake and candle and a nice simple, "Happy birthday!"The food is great and there is a variety of dishes...something to please everyone...vegetarians, experimental eaters, the burger guy, and me -- the picky one.   Dan mentioned that he didn't like the fancy stuff -- they actually have a big thing on their menu that asks you to just tell them how you want it -- you can pick out what type of bun, what goes on it, etc.  So...if you don't want a fancy bun, ask for a plain one, no one bats an eye.They have a dangerous thing -- unlimited french fries.  For a whopping 49 cents you can make them unlimited garlic fries.Also...if you ask they will bring you a side of onion straws or fries while you wait for your meal...so far they've always been free.
2	Apparently, when I say I hate Red Robin, people react as though I'm saying I hate Disneyland. I just can't get into the jar of mayonnaise, shredded lettuce and tasteless meat they put into their burgers.Gourmet burgers my ass.Fries were great, spinach and artichoke dip was great. I guess I'll eat vegetarian here.
2	I really try to avoid chain restaurants whenever humanly possible but sometimes, it's unavoidable; especially when you have kids. I do my best to avoid them because you always get the same service and food....and sometimes that's NOT a good thing. Case in point...The Red Robin.We went to Red Robin at Arrowhead this week and it was blah at best. We live near the Red Robin on Bell road just west of Litchfield Rd which is crap at best, but we happened to be near the mall and went here instead. We went with a group of 6 of us. Our server was standard and did the bare minimum. Most of us ordered burgers, except my son who always orders the chicken fingers. It's a kid thing. I prefer not to eat red meat unless I'm going to a high end steak restaurant so I ordered a Guacamole Bacon Burger with a turkey patty. I don't know why I do this to myself because 99% of the time, it's a frozen turkey patty that is so overly salted it's practically inedible and that's pretty much how this one was too.  Normally I get the Red Robin Gourmet burger with a turkey patty and I'm fortunate enough that all the toppings mask the flavor of the patty. Not so much with the Guacamole burger. Now, you would expect that on a guacamole burger, there would be a good amount of guac on the burger since you probably aren't putting ketchup, mustard, etc on the burger. Not so. It was a chinzy amount of guac with 2 fatty slices of bacon on top of an over salted turkey patty. All this for under $10...lucky me.Now, I don't know what's going on at Red Robin lately, but they used to give you a substantial amount of steak fries in the plastic basket of fun. The last couple times I've been, I get like 5 fries and then I have to ask for more which takes way too long and I'm ready for the check by the time they come out. I'm glad the fries are unlimited, but give me enough to work with if you aren't going to wow me with your lack of stellar service.Now the one thing I really do enjoy about RR is the freckled lemonade. It's tasty, cold, and most of the time it comes out in neat twisted glasses. I say most of the time because they don't ever have enough twisted glasses clean to keep the glass consistent with the beverage. By the time I'm ready for my 3rd glass, I'm getting the basic soda cup. Gee. thanks.So, I'll keep going back to RR because my son enjoys it and because I'm clearly a glutton for punishment. But that doesn't mean I gotta like it.
2	This child friendly establishment is decent when you're taking kids for something entertaining, and where you won't get awkward stares from couples dining without kids.  Sandwiches/burgers are usually fairly consistent in quality/taste, free refills on fries is nice, and their shakes, malts, and such are quite tasty as well.Major downfall is that frankly they're overpriced for what they sell.  Appetizer, 2 burgers, 2 shakes, and you're looking at $40-$50 plus tip.  They just don't offer the atmosphere, high quality, and presentation of food that you get at places across the street (Cheesecake Factory, for example) to justify $9 nachos, $8 onion rings, and $10 burgers.  Since when did milkshakes cost $5?No happy hour too, even though they have a bar.  And if you're going to charge me $3 for a soda pop I'll just pay $5 for a beer.  This is crazy.
1	Second visit in a row with a veggie burger that was so tough that you can't get your teeth through it.  They're letting these things frostbite or over-microwaving them by a wide margine.  How hard can this be?  They are probably the easiest microwave product I can think of.  To make it worse, there was a delay in getting the replacement out, and although we appreciated the manager's apology... normally this sort of thing is comped, right?I passed on the $8 onion rings and $3 soda this time.  Might as well pay $6 for a beer.
3	I lived off Red Robin fries in college, but "bottomless" is an understatement! Our waitress, once we hunted her down, would give us a basket of four--there were three of us!!!  I loved my great balls of fire burger (it was slathered in fried jalapenos!) and the freckled lemonade is delish. There are better Red Robins: Kennewick, WA; San Diego, CA; and Riverside, CA. Abandon ship!
2	--we were seated right away.--service was not very good, waitress took too long before taking order and dropping off check.--food took too long to arrive and hamburgers were cold.--food was average, a bit overpriced.--parking was crowded (maybe due to baseball games).
4	Not a bad place to get a giant burger.
1	in general, red robin isn't fantastic.  it's a bunch of ingredients over-piled to make you forget that the meat is barely there.   however, my mom heard good things about it and wanted to check it out.  i'd never been to this location before and i won't be going back.it was slow when we arrived and we were sat right away, but despite asking for a high chair, never got one.  about 5 minutes later someone came up and i thought they were our server.  they said our server would be right over and didn't even take a drink order.  i asked if we could at least get a high chair and they brought one right over.  still no server, but there was a manager that walked by several times oblivious to the fact that we had been sitting there now nearly 10 minutes with a restless toddler and NO DRINKS!  even if a place is busy, waiting 10 minutes for a simple "what can i getcha to drink" is unacceptable, but there were MAYBE a total of 5 tables occupied.  we finally left, still without being properly greeted.  i was going to ask to speak to a manager at the host stand, but there was no one there and the manager was behind the bar, shooting the breeze with employees.  so i guessed that would have been a pointless move.  so, if you absolutely MUST have an over-garnished, under-meated burger, please please consider going to a different location.
2	2 teenagers and myself on a Thursday night. My daugher loves this place. Me, I haven't been to a RR in years. We walk in and are seated right away. Waitress arrives within about 5 minutes. By this time I had a chance to look over the menu so we order drinks and food. Valerie? brings the drinks quickly and as she is setting them on the table she makes a comment that she forgot straws. She comes right back with straws and lays them on the table. Normally this would not be a problem BUT, the straws were not wrapped. Uhhh, nasty! Strike 1Daughter tells me that they bring every table a basket of fries, so I'm excited about that. The table next to us is on thier second basket and have not been served entrees yet. 2 women are seated at the table behind us and we watch our waitress bring them a basket and she tells them "here's some fries to munch on while you wait". Hmmm....she never mentioned it to us or bring US fries. WTF?Stike 2Order arrives quickly. Me: bacon burger with bleu cheese. Daughter: salad with chicken strips. Son: chicken strips and fries. My burger is pretty good. Son and daughter love what they got....they're happy. My son grabs the ketchup...squirt, fart, spray. Empty. We wait for someone for a few minutes but alas, no one is around. So I get up on a quest to find some ketchup. Next table over? empty. Table next to that? empty. Finally on the 3rd try I pick a winner and can now start to enjoy my burger. Now, I've worked as a waiter and I know it is bad juju to leave empty condiments on the table. Her table, her responsibility. Yeah, shit happens and I could understand if the placed was slammed but it wasn't.Strike3So, the food was good...burger was nothng special but it was good. I still don't know why we weren't given fries. I might be back but I doubt it unless somehow my daughter can convince me to try again. IMO there are too many restaraunt choices out there to settle for lame service.
4	I dont why this place has 2.5 stars.. great food, great staff and it's Red Frigging Robin!.  I found a new love for the original burger with the relish.. yummm...
3	Kids seem to really love this place. Took the grandchildren for their birthdays and it was OK. We had 1 appetizer, 5 burger platters & 1 child's portion. The cost was almost $100.00. Pretty pricey for burgers!!!! The atmosphere is LOUD! You have to talk really loud to be heard across the table.
3	I've been to this certain Red Robin location several times and the service and food are pretty good. The burgers are awesome! They have a great selection. My personal favorites are the Whiskey River BBQ Burger and the Burnin' Love Burger. Both of them will not disappoint. If I'm not feeling like a burger, I get the clucks and fries (don't get those words all mixed up when you order, but if you do, its hilarious) I recommend getting that in buffalo style if you want a little spice. It's messy but good. The bottomless steak are a two edged sword. The good news is they're bottomless. The bad news is they're steak fries. I personally am not a fan of steak fries. I'm a shoestring fry kind of guy. They do serve them with honey poppy sauce so that's a plus though. The food is kind of pricey. Burgers can cost anywhere from $6 to $10 so be sure to bring some cash. The service is a crap shoot. On some visits I've had amazing service, on others I've had really crappy service. Never in the middle though. The seating environment is very casual and family friendly. There are TVs everywhere playing sports games. The noise level of the place is kind of loud though. Red Robin has its ups and downs, but if you're into huge expensive burgers and unlimited steak fries, this place is for you.
5	Took my cousin and her 2 little ones here and we both loved it. The food was on point and the drinks are fabulous. They even give kids stuff for their entertainment. If you like burgers, you should like this place too.
2	My husband and I went there for lunch today. Although, we were the first ones there, the service was horrible. The root beer that I got had no carbonation, so I ordered an iced tea which was left empty for what seemed to be an eternity before I got refill. I ordered my burger medium rare and got well done, plus the hamburger was very dry and tasted like saw dust. the clam strip appetizer was a very small amount of clam strips plus they were coated in a heavy batter that tasted like flour. It should be Red Robin..YUK, not yum
2	Normally, I'm a huge fan of Red Robin.  I've had nothing but positive experiences at other Valley locations we have been to.  However, we had a very negative experience at the Arrowhead location.  Our service was TERRIBLE, and that's being nice about it.  I think we saw our server a grand total of twice from the moment we were seated to when we checked out, and we had to flag down other servers to get drink refills, the check, etc.  The food was good- the only saving grace of the entire experience- but with service like that, we will definitely be avoiding this location in the future!
3	We ventured back here to try our luck at Red Robin and found it pretty good this evening.  Their menu is pretty obviously burgers and more burgers.  And brother, I had a burger craving.  This took care of it for a while and was pretty tasty.
3	Just another average visit to Red Robin. The service staff is still just ok and the food is the same as it always is. I would love for them to wow me sometime and I guess that's why I keep going back; because I am hoping that THIS VISIT will be the WOW visit and I won't have to keep coming back. At some point my brain is going to have to tell my heart that it's just not going to happen and I should spend my money elsewhere but I don't see that happening anytime soon.
4	I have always loved Red Robin.  I went there and had the blue cheese burger (not sure if that is the real name of it) with a side of steamed carrots.  Every time I go there is a different cook, so if you are like me and like a lot of blue cheese on yours I suggest you ask for extra!  The carrots were actually nice and soft, I hate when restaurant say that they steam veggies and they are still hard.  The service is always speedy and polite.
3	Any place that will give me as many french fries as I can consume is  A-OK with me!This RR location is conveniently located right across from the Peoria Sports Complex, making it a great spot to grab some food and drinks before seeing my San Diego Padres show off their skills during Spring Training.  While RR is known for their burgers (and they looked really good!), I chose the Chicken Caesar Wrap.  Maybe this wasn't the best idea.  The first half was very tasty, with a nice balance of chicken, parmesan and caesar dressing all wrapped in a spinach tortilla.  However, the second half was lacking a key ingredient - the chicken!  It was bite after bite of lettuce.  Lettuce, lettuce, lettuce.  I should have ordered a burger.  I consoled myself by continuing to consume fries.  Glorious fries.The staff is friendly and attentive - our waitress Jazmin took great care of us - fry basket and beer glasses were never empty.  I would have mentioned the lack of chicken in my wrap, but after all those fries, it really didn't matter.  I am sure she would have corrected the issue though, with a smile.Friendly staff, fries (!) and the proximity to my Padres will convince me to give RR another try before Spring Training ends.  And this time, I will order a burger.
3	Decent food. There are definitely better places in the Valley to get a burger, especially in the $9 price range, and especially since the rarest they will cook one is with just a little pink. However, this is a good place to go with a group, and you can't beat the bottomless fries (try the garlic fries). Service when we've been here has ranged from outstanding to pretty slow just depending on the night (and possibly the size of our group).
2	I often want to shy away from criticizing companies that  mess up gluten free offerings because it's so easy for them to decide it's not worth it and remove them altogether.  That being said...  If you pay an extra $1 to have an item that will stop you from feeling like death for a few hours it would be nice if it your burger was between it.Should that part be messed up  then it wouldn't just be taken away,  swapped over, and then given back now that the meats cooled and a lot of the juices/ additions were stuck to the old bread. it's not as appetizing as it sounds.How about offering to remake it, a new fresh burger just like the one we paid for?  The fiery Jolokia burger is nowhere near as fearsome as it should be. E.G., it's lower than a raw habanero which is not what I was looking for which is a damn same as it really tastes great  and should I ever want to blend up a burger to feed to a small child I'll keep it in mind. I'm as harsh to a company proportional to their claims of  how spicy they claim their food is. Overall this location gets a 2, the burnt to hell coffee that came out on the first attempt should get you a 1. In their defense the "fresh" pot was nearly as acrid so it's hard to think that there's not some cost cutting on coffee occurring but most places that late in the day ask me if it's ok to wait while the make a new pot, not give you whatever's stuck to the carafe at the time
4	Great food. Friendly service. They took away the Chicken Caprese sandwich which bummed me out.
3	There was a time I was about to completely give up on Red Robin. It was right after the time when they started asking "Some pink or no pink?". I tend to be one of those weird people that likes a medium burger (or med/rare if I know the place grinds their beef on site). And the burgers always tasted overcooked to me.But the past few visits things have been better. The burgers taste good, they do not seem to be cooked quite as much, and the service is always friendly. There are better local places to get a burger. But this is place has definitely improved in the past couple of years!
3	My Irish cousin-in-law told me they had the best fish and chips in town.  Well, he should know.  And they were good.  Also the fish sampler plate.  Good breading - thin not thick.  The best?  Don't think so.  Oscars is better at the same price.HOWEVER - a 7 ox chardonnay pour all day gains a few points.  Eating in the bar with Greg as a waiter adds a few more.  So now we're up to three.  Back next week?  Probably....no, definitely not.  Maybe in a few months.Oh, I forgot to mention.....Noisy with lots of kids!  And horrible.....I repeat, horrible parking.  Did I convince you on the parking?
5	Hey everyone Great news your local Arrowhead Red Robin is offering FREE dessert to anyone who gets a FREE Red Royalty Card until June 23rd! Not just usable once but once a day until the 23rd! Swing by and ask of a manager to get your Red Royalty Card tell them Joe T sent you and get a FREE Balloon too haha.
4	all i can say is, red robin, yum
2	Again this is only my second review that is not an absolute favor of the restaurant but I have to say I was a little better that my Cheeseburger came with Sweet pickles yuck I have never ever ever ordered a burger and had a come with Sweet pickles the waiter did ask me if I wanted relish on my burger and I said yes unknowing that he was sweet relish with Sweet pickles why would you do this to a great burger the only other travesty that they could've done was to put Miracle whip on it
5	I have dined at this location many times and am so grateful for their service and attention to gluten-free dietary restrictions.   In addition to gluten-free options, they claim to have a separate fryer for the fries - so that fries are not contaminated by flour-encrusted items.  Thanks, Red Robin Glendale!
3	Visit here several time per month and the food is always good.  The staff could be friendlier such as when you leave acknowledging you as a customer and maybe thanking you.   The majority of the staff just does not seem that friendly.  I still go back though
1	I used to come here pretty frequently but this location has gone to the dogs! The only part right was the initial greeting after that our server took forever to take our order, then proceeded to get everything in our order wrong, followed by soggy cold food and a speed waitress that barely stopped by and the place was empty... I've definitely been turned off from this place. I will not be returning to this location and I doubt I will return to any red robin anytime soon.
1	I have been a somewhat regular here but after last visit no more. The last time 7 of us went and the service started off good and went downhill fast.  As if we were forgotten about, no refills, no water as requested.   In order to get the check I had to go and ask for it.  We complained and you would expect the manager to make a personal visit but nothing.   And that is how much business they will get from me moving forward ,nothing.
5	My wife and came here Friday night food and service was very good. Our server was there to check or drinks and making sure everything was good and bringing us our endless French fries. The manner even stopped by to make sure the customers were happy and doing ok.
4	My favorite Red Robin in Phoenix.Whiskey River wrap and the new burgers (like Burning Love) are really good. We have to get our dose of Red Robin once a month or so. Love the service here.
3	Burgers not as good as advertised. Service is fine as long as you get a decent server. Don't ever use a restroom in a red robins no matter where it's located. It is nice to see vegetarian options on the menu.
5	Just had the D.G.B which stands for damn good burger, It is a top class burger that melts in your mouth. It also goes down perfect with a lager beer of your choice. I would definitely come back for more.
1	Poor service, order was wrong ate half meal before found waitress to fix meal! Wasted 35$! Chicken was hard to cut with a knife!
2	I ordered my Bleu cheese burger medium. It was way overdone, dry & chewy. The flavor was ok, but nothing great. The tomatoes were half green & mealy. I sat in the bar are for a late lunch. The older bartender was nice enough, but he never came back to check on me once the food was delivered. He did bring me another iced tea after awhile. I was definitely not impressed. At least the steak fries were good.
5	This is one of my regular places to grab a bite to eat. It's wonderful here and most of the servers are great there. Food is always hit and fresh!
4	Love this place!!Location is convenient and with having so many large corporate restaurants to compete with on Bell, Red Robin still stands up against some of its big dog competitors!Real easy for ya here: Great selection of burgers with bottomless steakfries, red robin's own seasoning,typical domestic beers, bar area is really cold all the time, limited tvsperfect for kids, groups, families, etc.games and balloons for kids as well...Quick service, And I've yet to have to send anything backOhhh, and they have a veggie burger (or vegan boca) just to cover all grounds!!!
5	My family and I love Red Robin,we have been going there for over 10 yrs and will probably keep going!the burgers and fries taste great,service is good it could be better,but that was just one person,she seemed like she didn't want to be there and we were bothering her,but that was the first time in years.And free refills on soda for the kids and those who don't drink.
4	The food was great! I love the Royal Red Robin. The bottomless fries always prevent me from ordering dessert though, I get too full.
3	Red Robin makes a decent burger.  It's not perfect, it's not the best but for a sit-down joint it's not bad. The main reason we don't go to Red Robin is they won't cook your burger your way.  We like it rare or a lot of pink.  Fat chance getting it that way.  The lawyers and the inept stopped that from happening.  It loses a star just for that.   We're adult folks.  I know the risks of rare meat.  Surely you don't think cooking "bad" meat brown(er) is going to stop me from getting sick...do you?  You're either clean, with good meat or you're not.  Which is it? When we order burgers, what's so wrong with cooking it the way we like it?
2	We have enjoyed our previous visits to this Red Robin, but the last 2 trips have revealed inattentive servers.  Last night our food arrived via a manager, but we had no silverware or napkins.  As our server Brittany was no where to be found, we began our meal with fingers.  Finished our meal, dirty plates stacked on our table, along with empty drink glasses.  Britney walked by about 13 times, never once stopping to pick up dirty dishes or ask us if we needed anything.  We were never offered refills on drinks, fries, root beer floats.  Waited another 14 minutes for a check, again can't find Britney. We got up from our booth to start walking out of the restaurant, and Britney suddenly appeared with our check.   Not sure where the servers go to hide, but it must be a great place to hang out while your customers wait patiently for your return.
3	I wish I knew what everyone ordered because the final amount was a lot it seemed. I believe it was over a hundred. There was six of us and three were already there before us, drinking. So maybe that's why the price was so high at the end. The food was good, waitress forgot my cheese in my burger but it was still good. I don't know why but I wasn't really impressed, not something I'd write home about. My boyfriend certainly liked his food, even said he would want to go again. The steak fries were his favorite. All in all, the service was pretty decent considering it was a Sunday afternoon.
5	Roman was an amazing server, really nice, and speedy service! Make sure to ask for roman when you come here!
2	April didn't seem to want to be there and was not helpful and didn't try to smile even a little. We thought they were close due to the dark parking lot and none of the signs were lit or outside lights on. Nobody greeted us when we came in and nobody said thank you when we left. Other locations we have been to had a greeter and someone always opened the door for you. Then the clucks and shrimp was WAY overpriced for 3 almost nugget sized chicken and 6 teeny tiny shrimps!!! The plate was mostly fries!
5	Went here for the first time after hearing rave reviews. This place seriously has the best burgers around! Will go back again and again!
2	We never got to sit down.  No one was there to greet us when we entered the place.  The hostess didn't show up until five minutes later.  The hostess wasn't prepared to seat anyone for dinner on a Friday night.  Does anyone work at this Red Robin?  There were plenty of booths available, but none of them had been bussed.  The hostess wanted to seat us in a tiny booth which would've been impossible for my 6'5" husband to sit in.  We told her to forget seating us as we were going to eat someplace else.
1	I really have experienced better. One of the slowest and most awkward meal services I've had in a while... We came here this past Sunday, and the place was really busy-- I'll give them that. We were seated immediately, by someone who I presumed was a manager, and they told us our server would be right with us. Ten minutes later, the same manager came over and said that our server was too busy inputting orders for another table so he would take our drink order. As per their menu, I asked if they had Minute Maid Light Lemonade, and the manager-esque person flat out said no. I would have appreciated an "I'm sorry, we're out" or something, but I just got a "no." I'm not sure if this had to do with incompetence or just laziness, but that was my first strike. I ended up ordering soda water and my boyfriend got Dr. Pepper. When I ordered soda water with lime, the same guy said "wow, that's weird..." Ok....? I didn't care what he thought of my drink selection, but I was more appalled at the way he was presenting himself. After he brought us our drinks, he asked is we were hot. The restaurant was significantly chilly, so we said no. He proceeded to say "well I'm hot," and then walked to the wall and adjusted the thermostat. I was thinking to myself, no shit you're not, you're running around a busy restaurant... but whatever. Our server finally came to the table. No greeting, no introduction, she just asked what we wanted to order. We started with an order of mozzarella sticks, and said we weren't ready to order our entree. She came back two times while we were looking at out menus and asked if we knew what we wanted yet. Needless to say we felt rushed. Once we had decided, I ordered a bowl of the French onion soup with a side of broccoli, and my boyfriend ordered the fish and chips and fries. 45 minutes after ordering the mozzarella sticks, they decided to come out. They were good. Not the greatest I've ever had, but very consistent with Red Robin quality. No complaints there other than the time it took to move the food out of the window. While eating the sticks, we ran out of drinks and they were not replenished until after our food was delivered. Additionally, I asked the server 2 times for an extra side of limes and she never brought them to the table until the third time when my boyfriend asked and she finally delivered them after our entrees were brought out. Probably about 30-35 minutes after the mozzarella sticks came out, our food was delivered. I really don't think it takes that long to pour a ladle of soup into a bowl and steam some broccoli, but apparently Red Robin thinks so. Anyhow, my soup was lukewarm. The cheese ontop of the bread in the soup made up about half of the soup's volume, and because the soup was no longer hot it was the consistency of bubble gum. I picked it out. My broccoli was delivered separately, about five minutes after, and without a fork. I had to wait about 10 minutes to get a fork from the server, and by that time the broccoli was cold too. The fish and chips came out fine, with the exception of the server dropping one of the strips off the plate and having to bring another one a few minutes later. Overall, this 2 and a half hour dining experience could have been much more enjoyable, espcially considering that many tables around us that were seated after us with larger parties were attended to better and quicker than we were. Will not return.
1	Ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich last night.  I am currently writing this review from my bathroom... because I can't leave...because my stomach is that SICK!!!   Thanks for the food poisoning, Red Robin.
