5	I've only been here for breakfast/brunch and lunch, but it was an "egg"cellent experience every time.  Big portions, really friendly service, casual homey atmosphere.  They did a great job accommodating our large group (we called ahead to warn them we were on the way). It's a nice spot  to get away from The Strip and have some comfort food.  http://www.eggandi.com/
5	if i'm gonna talk about finding great breakfast spots in SF, i have to give all something to compare. a real LV gem with one of the largest and most diverse breakfast and lunch menus i've ever witnessed. the  "homey" feel is exponentialized by the great service (a rarity in SF). and for those midwestern transplants searching for a little bit of home, check out the Cincy chili (served every way you can imagine, with the real deal stuff shipped straight from Ohio). god, i'm salivating like a damned Pavlovian puppy!
5	My boyfriend and I went to this place really randomly when we went to Vegas for New Year's in December 2005. We found this place by looking in local ads. I know we each got omlettes and shared the french toast, and it was all very good. This will be the first place we go to if we ever go back to Vegas. The service was good and even though it was packed, we still received our food without the long wait you usually get in the bay area.
5	This place is a winner on all accounts.  The food at the Egg & I tastes great.  The service is spectacular, the people working there really make you feel at home.  Both the hostess and waitress were very friendly and fun to talk to.  As the name would imply there is a pretty good variety of egg dishes.  You get to choose from a good omelet selection, to huevos rancheros.  If you aren't in the mood for eggs they also have the usual sandwiches and burgers.Get a side of the banana nut muffin its really good.Vegetarian Rating: 4/5 lots of good veggie options, they even had a vegetarian version of Eggs Benedict.
5	The Egg and I has been a staple of Vegas breakfast dining for years and is consistently lauded as one of the best places in town to getcher morning grub on.  It's easy to see why - this is just great, unpretentious food.  While it's fun to dine well in a dinner environment with tiny gourmet portions and fine presentations, for me breakfast is all about big portions and perhaps a little less regard to the appearance of the food.  It just needs to taste good and help wake your sluggish butt up.The Egg and I offers breakfast staples - eggs, toast, pancakes, waffles, crepes, french toast, omelet, sausage, bacon - in various combinations and specialty skillets and frittatas as well.  Everything is always fresh, cooked to order, and served by a friendly wait staff.  I wish I lived closer, because I'd probably have their eggs benedict every day.
4	This is a great place for a late breakfast. Their egg dishes are incredibly good. Their pancake and waffles are on the list too. My favorite is the Kay's special with the banana nut muffin. If you have a sweet tooth, you should definitely go for the muffin instead of the toast. It's fresh and moist.  This place is not on the cheap side (you know it's LV) but the food quality and service sure deserve it.
1	gross, totally fawking gross.after cruising by a couple times, and finally finding a coupon in our entertainment book, we decided to check it out late on a sunday morning.upon walking in, you are greeted by little doodles with eggy little puns like 'eggcelent' and 'eggstravagant' teehee, you are also greeted by a behomoth of a host, hopefully not eating her breakfast at the counter like we found.  maybe her toddler will be standing there as well.  whatever, everyone needs money, baby sitters are sketchy, whatever.its crowded, the decor is old, the clientele was pretty old too-but the menu looked ok, emphasis on freshness-which looked fine.  we usually dont frequent the greasy spoons, but the egg and i convinced us otherwise for the moment.we sat outside, there were two other tables full out of about 7 total.  luckily for us, we got sat next to the propane tank cage (sweet) at the end of the patio.we scanned the huge ass and confusing paper menu and our server came over.  it must've been his last day, this kid couldnt care less.  in preparation for a big breakfast rife with carbs and saturated fat my girlfriend ordered a fresh squeeze grapefruit juice..the response.tweety bird tattoo-"its not fresh squeezed."me-"eh?"tweety bird tattoo-"its not fresh squeezed"me-"it says right there, fresh...squeezed...juice"tweety bird tattoo-"no, it comes from a bag"me-"if its unsweetened ill take a glass"fucking minute maid garbage, and at real juice prices, in a tiny juice glass that hits your nose when you drink.so pretty much at that point, it all went to shit. the wind picked up, one of their unsecured umbrellas nearly KO'd my girlfriend (thank goodness for that rusty propane cage!)  got a couple sorry's from some other servers, things happen ok.the food arrived.  i ordered a veggie benedict, she had one of their eggy crepes with smoked turkey and avocado.Hers:  on a huge oval plate 3/4 covered with the egg/crepe thing 1/4 with sysco brand diced homefries.  this was nothing more than ripping off IHOP adding pancake batter to their omelettes, terrible texture, horrible ingredients.  at the egg and i, avocado=thawed frozen guacamole from a bag.  her smoked turkey was of the school lunch variety, complete with the pretty little airbubbles viewed in the massive chunks. the cheese was orange-nuff said.Mine:  honestly i do not understand difficulty surrounding hollandaise.  any brunch dawg can make it, there's not too many ingredients-its easy to break but hard to make taste terrible.i've heard of people using melted velveeta thru egg yolks, ive had the powdered crap, the traditional, all of it.  BUT I HAVE NEVER HAD ONE THAT TASTED LIKE CREAM OF CHICKEN SOUP WITH CHEDDAR.luckily my two soggy ungrilled muffins came swimming in a gravy boat full of this hot ghetto mess.  more piles of sysco homies, some greasy looking pineapple, and the heatlamp wilted plouche of parsley to whisper  "it will all be better once you eat me (you idiot)"the plate looked like a tijuana shrimp shack.i was hung over, hungry, possibly still drunk, so i cut in-runny whites, sweet.at this point we are utterly repulsed, complain to the manager.  we mention about their claims to freshness in relation to the juice, and got some quality backpedaling, when i brought up the sweet laser sorted frozen homefries, the poor lady replied:"but they're fried.."i almost fell outta my chair.id give this place 0 stars, but they fully comped everything so i have to give them something.save your money, go up the street to the hash house-shit dennys is better than this place.
4	Service is always awesome!! Generous portions and down home feel.  Bomb greasy hangover food thats cheap.  They are not skimpy with the CHEESE or the AVOCADO which I love... And i like their cheesy nicknames.  I always try to go when I'm in da big LV.  Be careful if you are staying on the strip and catching a cab there.  They will take some EXTRA long roads.  Its actually easy to take the bus there if you are riding the deuce its free to get on bus.
3	Cute menu format reads like a newspaper. The prices are reasonable and  food flavor is about the same as Denny's. However, I'd sooner drive cross town to this Las Vegas standby than go to my local IHOP or Denny's.The service is average and the food is fair. It's a good place to bring your visiting friends so they feel like they're doing something "local." Generous portions- yes.
5	5 stars for the BOMB homemade banana nut bread.... SOOOO good.  yes, sooooo good.  so good that I ended up buying a loaf and bringing it home as a gift to the guy who eats like cookie monster (doesn't eat only cookies like him, but devours food like him)!!!All the other breakfast foods are good, eggs are cooked to perfection, clean restaurant, fast service - what more could you ask for?!?!
5	Every time we go to Vegas we have at least one meal at the Egg and I.  The best breakfast joint in town.They have this chicken enchilada omelette made of eggs, chicken, green chiles and cheese.  It takes EXACTLY like a chicken enchilada... you can't even tell it has eggs in it.  Damn good.My last visit I had the pork chops and eggs, and my stomach wasn't even upset during the drive home.
5	Killer breakfast at this place, and I'm not big on breakfast. I definitely enjoyed the giant selection on the menu.  You might not eat the rest of the day though--generous portions!It's also away from the insanity of the strip--which I found favorable.
4	We went to have brunch at egg and I this past Sunday. Fast service really good filling food. A great option to the buffets while visiting in Vegas. This will definitely be a place to go whenever we are in town. Our waitress was also really nice. Can't wait to go back to have the biscuits mmmm!
5	An awesome local breakfast diner, a couple miles off the strip on Sahara.  Lots of cool touches like the newspaper style menus and the little flipcharts to let the server know you need something.The breakfast skillets are superb here, served hot on the skillet with a layer of ranch potatoes.  I have tried both the Chili skillet and the Ultimate skillet, both were excellent.  I also recommend the banana nut muffin side.I would, however, advise against ordering from their Mexican inspired menu.  They should definitely leave the chorizo con huevos to the Mexican joints.Overall one of my favorite Vegas dining spots, for breakfast or a late night snack (they are open til 3AM).
4	Went there this past weekend with the GF and my NY friends.  We had:Blackened Prime Rib Benny - Blackened Prime Rib with onions and peppers and 2 poached eggs on a croissant with hollandaise sauce - Pretty good, but the prime rib was a little dry.Eggs Benedict Florentine - Pretty goodEggs Taliano - Very good, tasted like a pizza with a soft egg crust.French Toast - This was ok.All the egg dishes came with ranch flavored home fries which were geat.  This was a good breakfast place.  Very quaint and clean inside.  I would definitely go back there again.
5	Oh. My. God.I want to marry this place. I want to have its babies.Stuffed French toast -- more like a French toast sandwich with eggs, bacon, and cheese -- total party in my mouth. The combination of sweet and savory was enough to make me die happy right there. The bacon and the scrambled eggs were perfectly blended (no limp strips of bacon criss-crossed on top of your eggs in THIS joint!) and the whole concoction dipped in syrup was like a MIRACLE.Jess got a skillet and I have never SEEN more beautiful over-easy eggs. OHMIGOD! I wish this place were local, I would be here every weekend. The iced tea was good too, and the staff is friendly and helpful. This is probably where we'll come for a farewell brunch the morning after our destination wedding. Mission accomplished!
5	best Breakfast ive had in Vegas.
4	I was sort of skeptical about eating here because it just looked another midwestern chain breakfast place.  I had the eggs benedict.  Really good and the eggs were perfect (not overdone).  My fiance happily shared the banana muffin which was really tasty.
5	Terrific local place, varied menu, competent staff, GREAT FOOD, huge portions.  I figured out the LAS is not the cheap place for anything anymore.  Other half had the waffle - which was one of those big, thick, crusty ones- about 1 inch high.  Most places sell the wimpy 3/8th inch high waffle.  Killer home fries with some kind of chili/onion powder that came w/ my two eggs.  I felt our waitress was a little pushy, but she was just doin' her job.  All I wanted was the two eggs that came with potatoes.  She kept asking if I wanted sausage, or bacon.   Choice of English muffin or the 'to die for' banana nut muffin.  Too bad there's no place like this on the strip.  If there was, lines would be 10miles long. Keep in mind, ya need a car to get to this place.  I don't know about public transportation in this area.
4	I don't think you'll be able to top this place in regards to price and portions.  The food is plentiful and the price is even better.  Best breakfast for under $10.  I got a half portion which was more than enough and it slashed that price by a third.  Their banana muffins are to die for and their wait staff is so friendly and sincere.  It's off the strip but well worth the trip.
5	LOVE this place.  Went for brunch on a Saturday around 11am, only had to wait a couple of minutes while a table was cleaned.  Everyone who works there was terribly nice, and we loved the little egg sign that tells the staff if you need something.You must order the stuffed French toast!!  I'm not normally a French toast eater, but this is not normal French toast!  SO yummy, like the best sweet and hearty sandwich I've ever had - I could only get through half of it.  My friend had the eggs plus, which looked yummy, and a banana nut muffin that everyone raves about - it was awesome.  Their ranch potatoes are also amazing, like eating tiny square-shaped french fries.Everything is so well-priced.  We paid $26 including tip for both of us, and considering I had an orange juice, I'd say that's pretty great.
2	I am acutally shocked to see how many stars people are giving this place!  We had to wait for a seat (which is not surprising given the # of stars people are giving this place), but the hostess and the waitress were really nice.  As soon as we were seated, we were approached by a man with very few teeth and food ALL OVER hs shirt!  He brought the cup of orange juice I asked for and the outside of the cup was covered with white gunk....not too sure what it was, but I was so grossed out I asked the waitress to please take it away.  I ordered the stuffed french toast because another yelper said it was like a "party" in her mouth.  I wanted a party in my mouth as well.......was it a party?  far from it.  It was just ok....and the potatoes were WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY too salty.  Do not go here if you are not supposed to have salt or you will end up at Desert Springs Hospital....no joke!  The review below that compares the potatoes to BBQ chips from a bag is VERY true.....actually, my husband says it's worse than that.  This place gets 2 stars....
5	The best thing is the Banana Nut Muffin! OMG it is TO DIE FOR! How good is it you ask?  My sister made me bring it back to San Diego for her on a business trip! I had to lug the goodness in the car all the way back to OC and then back down to SD! See the love for the muffin and for the sister! I delivered a muffin from so freaking far! lolYes, it is THAT GOOD! I still think about it that I drool and want to drive to Vegas again just for it! lol The muffin top is flat so more chewy crisp surface area.  We all know that is the best part! Here are the dishes I recommend.  I have had a bunch of different ones but I only order the Piggy Skillet.  It's the best of all the meat worlds! They put Crisp Bacon, Diced Ham, Pork Sausage, Potatoes, Cheese, and Eggs.. how can you go wrong! Mmmmm meaty cheesy goodness! Yes you can easily make this at home but I want the muffins! lolThe Chicken Enchilada Omelette is pretty good too.  The chicken inside is tender and flavorful paired with all the condiments on top.  All the dishes are huge and plentiful.  I can never finish it, but that can also be that I scarf down as many muffins on the table and more! lol Still the food is pretty good and the seasoned potatoes are delicious! ^_^ Yum Yum.If you are ever in Vegas, be sure to come try it out.  I think the design of the place is cute too, very wholesome! I like the mom and pop feel with cute sweet servers that are very attentive.  I have been back many times since and will keep coming back! Muffins!!! O=p
5	Yummm!! this is a great breakfast place. I always go for the waffles, but you pretty much cant find a bad meal here.
5	At some point during breakfast, my husband started laughing at me.  It was probably the look of utter ecstasy on my face as I made sweet love to the banana nut muffin.... oh yeah, and the Italian omelette gave me such an upset stomach that the timeshare presenter freaked out and ended the presentation early.  That alone is worth the price of admission.  Five stars!
4	I dig the atmosphere of this seemingly mom and pop breakfast joint. The food is good but nothing to write home about. It was packed with a line out the door on the Saturday morning we went.I was able to try the combo meat skillet, beef hash skillet, and the stuffed french toast. Everything tasted homemade which places it above chain breakfast restaurants, but I think all cities have some sort of a joint that serves similar tasting dishes.One thing that stood out was their banana nut muffin. Choose it over the toast, when asked what you prefer. This was the only thing that was better than anywhere else I have tried. I'm not a big fan of BNut, but if it tasted like the ones here, I would choose it every time.Decent breakfast joint, decent prices. I might hit it again to try out different dishes to see if anything that can knock my socks off.
4	Quaint and homey looking restaurant.  I kind of felt like I was getting a weird look at time, but it was probably in my head.  The food was delicious though as well as great portions.  The price was also affordable.  The breakfast burrito was quite tasty along with the turkey salad my girlfriend had.  The bran muffin was nice and hot.  The service was good.  I felt kind of pushed to get out though since they were closing soon.  However, it was still a nice and clean place with friendly service and good food.  Not much to complain about here.
4	Very yummy.  The menu is many pages long and it includes many items I've never seen before like the chicken enchilada omelet or the fiesta skillet.  We ordered both of these items and they were so very good.  The enchilada omelet had a ton of sauce and cheese, a wonderful way to eat eggs!  The skillet had chorizo, chiles and a ton of cheese too, highly recommend ordering it.  The coffee was also piping hot and strong.  The service was ok, it took two tries to get glasses of water.  And yes I did try the banana nut muffin as others indicated and it was awesome with butter, only minus was the size, needs to be bigger!  I so wanted to give this place 5 stars but I couldn't because of the potatoes, here they fail because they have cut them it small cubes and they are hard but the worst part is the seasoning on them, super salty.  It bummed me because all the other food items were delicious.  I will be back and will just get a fruit plate instead of potatoes.
5	Off the strip but soooooooooooooooooo good. Love this place --- and it's in Las Vegas only!Just a few words that you need to heed:Fresh. Banana. Nut. Bread.OH YES.The other items are great --- everything we had was so good. Skillets, omelettes, home fries (oh mmmmmmm yum), and eggs done to perfection. Wonderful service, friendly smiles, and great directions on the phone when we were trying to find the restaurant!And their little egg logo is just SOOOO CUTE. What can I say? I'm such a sucker for branding!
1	Terrible.  Stick to the excellent egg kitchens on the strip rather than venture out to this strip mall outpost.
5	Officially my favorite place for breakfast now.  Those crepe omelettes are some serious stuff!!!  It was funny..we had such a difficult time picking what to eat on the menu cuz everything looked so damn good..it was borderline stressful.  But what's the big deal??  We're going back next week!
5	I came across this place when the bf wanted to find a "local place" for a recent Vegas trip, and I must say it is definitely worth the trip away from the strip!From the outside, the place looks very unassuming. Not even busy. But right when we opened the door, crowds poured out, and we had to wait nearly 20 minutes for a table for two. The wall decor by the waiting place was cute. There were cartoons as well as sayings about eggs. Finally, we were led to our table by a super friendly and bubbly waitress.The menu is printed like a newspaper - cool!! I've never seen that before!! (Yes I took a picture with it.) The selection is pretty extensive considering that every single item on the menu are made with eggs (like skillet items, omelettes, etc), so it took us a while to decide. I forget what we ended up getting - it was a while ago, pardon me - but I remember it being soooo good! They also customize your order so that you can have whole eggs vs egg substitutes vs egg whites, etc... Definitely get the fresh banana nut bread!! We almost got a loaf to take home back to LA even though we weren't leaving for LA yet.The service was superb. Our waitress kept coming by to check up on us. When the busboy accidentally tossed our leftovers, the waitress felt so bad that she went back to the kitchen and got us some other foods to take with us. This was one place where I seriously went in not expecting much and left completely satisfied with the full intention of coming back next time I am in Vegas.
5	My friends and I wanted to have brunch some place that wasn't a buffet so we found Egg & I off Yelp and decided to come try it.  I have never been more in love with Yelp.  Their banana nut muffin is SO good and I never eat muffins because I don't like them.  It is so moist and you can taste the freshness.  Everything here is good.  If you like spicy food, add some Cholula sauce on it to complete your meal :D  Their hash browns are delicious.  The spices used to make it come together so well.  Anything you get here will be a party in your mouth.Although it's off the Strip, it's definitely worth a try.
5	Divine. This place is pure delicious breakfast magic. I came here upon the suggestions of fellow yelpers for breakfast and had one of the best meals in my life.I had a banana nut muffin and the the egg crepe (the one with bacon and guacamole). Everything was spot on. The muffin was moist and flavorful. The crepe was a party of flavor, and the good salsa on the side was a surprising accompaniment for a breakfast placeThough the real star was the people. Service was what sort of thing you would watch in an instructional video. Everyone was nice. Waitresses chatted with customers kids, and you know you're home when you hear, "How are you doing sweetie". This place could easily turn into a must every time I get to Vegas.
4	We like to go off the strip for breakfast and eat where the locals eat.  The omelets were good, but not spectacular.  Kevin who is a carnivore went for their skillet with prime rib chopped in it and I got Kay's special.  The reason we'll come back though, is their banana nut muffin.  OMG it is soooo good we bought a loaf to take home.  I think we just picked the wrong menu items and next time will go for what everyone else gets.
4	Pretty darn good...a lot of food.  We all liked the Maple Tree better though.
2	Just your average breakfast diner.  I saw Rachel Ray talk about the place on her Tasty Travels show and I thought I'd give it a try and get out of my "usual" Vegas routine.  But after going to three Rachel Ray recommended places (Vegas, LA, and Denver), I think I'm done trusting her judgment!We went on a rainy, Saturday morning around 10:30 and had to wait maybe 15 minutes in a small waiting area which was crowded w/ folks trying to avoid the cold rain.When we were seated I already knew what we were going to order b/c I had Yelped the place and read their menu online.  I ordered the Ultimate Skillet for the b/f (he likes breakfast skillets), and the large Cashew Blueberry Pancake for myself.  We had the "famous" banana nut muffin as our bread choice with the skillet, and let me just say, it was a regular ol' banana nut muffin.  I was gonna buy a whole loaf if it turned out to be good, but really, it was nothing to write home about.  Very average.The b/f noted that the skillet was made up mostly of their potatoes (another thing that ppl rave about).  I hardly got any of the other ingredients in there so I was disappointed in the skillet, too.The pancake was alright.  It *WAS* big, as others have commented, but again, no big deal.  It was served with blueberry compote and I thought that helped b/c it tasted sorta dry.  The b/f thought some of the pancake was undercooked b/c he could taste the batter.  Maybe I should've gone w/ the silver dollar sized pancakes?Also, I think cashews don't really work w/ pancakes (unlike walnuts and macadamia nuts).The "large" 12-oz glass of OJ was pretty small so the b/f thought it was funny they would call it a "large."Breakfast with tip was around $25 I think.  Not cheap for what you get.I think I'll make Dunkin Donuts my new Vegas breakfast routine whenever I'm in town again.
5	To start off, this place has been on my list of stuff to try for a couple of months solely based on the name.. and after reading through the rave yelp reviews my expectations for the quality of food slowly started to grow. I planned to head back to socal early this morning and wanted to be the first one in the restaurant. I arrived at around 5:45 am and fidgeted in my rental car while checking the "closed sign." Suddenly another car pulled up next to me, the driver walked out and headed straight into the restaurant - the sign was magically on Open. Wtf... The hostess/waitress was so friendly (and at the buttcrack of dawn thats pretty impressive) that I think this partly made me enjoy not only the food but much of the rest of my day.The front lobby is decorated with articles and reviews AND pictures of eggs in action shots which I found pretty amusing (sometimes it doesnt take much) but the main eating area is pretty diner-y so I kind of zoned out till the food arrived. Ordered the fender bender egg crepe with avocado and sprouts and something else in it and it came out surrounded by a mountain of delicious seasoned potatoes and the softest, freshest muffin i've ever had. The egg crepe is in a league of its own compared with any kind of omelet you can get at IHOP or denny's or some drive by diner. I sat there for a good half hour savoring the meal. At the end it was all gone - the muffin, potatoes, egg crepe and the bucket of coffee. For the amount of food I had, it was very very light and felt quite healthy. I didn't get hit by the food coma train on the way home which is a big plus.As a heavy consumer of all things chicken, I recommend this place to everyone. Unless you don't have taste buds...then go to your local diner where your $4.99 omelet brings you to orgasm every sunday morning. If you have taste buds - go eat here. Pay a little extra. Its worth it. I would guess that this is the best "cheap" breakfast i've ever had.
5	My husband & I found it on YELP and we were not disappointed.  Loved it!  We had to wait a few minutes but it was worth the wait!  I ordered an omelette with bacon, cheese and avocado & my husband had something else (ha...I was so into my breakfast I didn't notice) and he loved it.  The  seasoning on the potatoes was wonderful and I tried the "Pepperdoux" sauce.  Loved it so much I asked if I could buy some and they said YES!  Thanks for giving us a reason to leave the strip!
3	Real good breakfast place.  Everything is fresh and they have a nice assortment of food.  I have been there a few times and nothing jumps out at me as GREAT but its all very good and the service is pleasant.  You really can't go wrong here.  I have had the meat eater skillet and a few omelets.  Good stuff.
5	The Egg's Benedict Florentine is a great breakfast to start your day with. They have several TV's on during the morning, with the volume turned down and closed captioning turned on so you can still catch the news.
5	Real good stuff.  Eggs benedict was super tasty, their hollandaise sauce is amazing whatever it is.  Ask for extra bread or english muffin so you can mop up the extra sauce.  Home potatoes are delish.  Not far from strip, great place for a bunch of guys.  Traveler friendly.  Watch what time you come in, can be busy if you show up too late.
4	Nice breakfast!! Veggie Omelet was soft and great with cheese, Stuffed French toast with egg, cheese and ham--great idea and turns out a good match!! Steak and eggs---so tender and well cooked!! Good place with family and friends, nice choice for a fulfilling brunch. Would like to go back again.
3	Looking for a decent place for Breakfast?  Clean joint, good service, breakfast items.  Then the Egg & I it is.   This is not "blow my socks off" or "I have to return" type of a place.  Its a place that serves a good breakfast.Having read all of the reviews, I tried the Egg & I during a recent trip to Las Vegas.  Well, it was OK.  The potatoes on the breakfast plate were good.  The reset are the same that I could have gotten elsewhere.Good for breakfast, but don't make a special trip.
4	Egg & I had really great food. We got the EGGS-PLUS which included 2 eggs cooked to order, ranch potatoes, toast or banana nut muffin (get the banana nut muffin... makes a great appetizer!!!), and choice of bacon, sausage or ham (get the sausage links). Service was good. Food came out quickly. A few miles/minutes off the strip. Definitely worth trying out. Will definitely go back here when we go back to Vegas and would recommend!
3	This is a nice little breakfast place off the strip. We ate here on a Saturday morning around 11 a.m. and it was pretty busy. The menu is pretty huge and I had a hard time deciding what to get. I ordered the Fiesta Skillet with chorizo. The eggs were really good, but the chorizo left something to be desired. It probably wasn't the best item on the menu, but this particular morning I was feeling something Mexican inspired. The ranch potatoes were great, like little cubes of goodness.  And yes, the banana nut muffin is as good as everyone says it is.Come here if you're looking for good breakfast with generous portions at a decent price. I definitely would consider coming back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	You definitely have to try their version of a banana nut muffin. I've never eaten a banana nut muffin quite like it.  Now I know why they're famous for it.  I also love their newspaper-like menus, very creative.  It is a comfortable atmosphere and friendly service.  This is a popular restaurant, and we went on a Saturday morning, thus we had to wait for about 15 minutes for a table, which isn't bad at all. It took a while for us to decide on what to order because everything (they had quite a variety of choices on the menu) sounded so appetizing.  After we finally ordered, our food came out quickly, and everyone was pleased w/ each of our orders.  Everything looked very good and tasted great too.    It's not located that far away from the Vegas Strip, and it's definitely worth the short drive.  It's also a nice getaway from the chaos and traffic where the casinos are.  I certainly couldn't have gotten a decent and fairly priced breakbreast/brunch meal somewhere on the Strip. From now on, whenever I visit Vegas, I'll have to goeat at Egg and I.
5	This is the place to come for breakfast while staying in Vegas. There were six of us and we took two cabs from the Wynn...somehow our cab drivers got lost and it was a complete mess to get there...it ended up costing us $50 in cab fare to get there but once we did it was so worth it.  (The actual price of a cab not lost from the strip is about $12) We were seated in 15 minutes of arriving....and our server was sweet and good. I love anyplace that brings you not just a cup of coffee but a whole carafe....let me start off by saying I am not a breakfast eater but others in my group LOVES breakfast. I ordered the oatmeal which was oatmeal and it came with milk and brown sugar. I also ordered a side of bacon which was perfectly done. My husband had the waffles which were huge and came with strawberries and whipped cream, eggs and bacon it was really good. I tasted from everyone's respective egg plates and they were all amazing. I believe there was a Vegetable Skillet and a Little Piggy at the table and those were divine. There were two fruit plates that came with cantalope, blueberries, strawberries and some other fruits. The ranch potatoes were amazing just the right mix of crispy and soft....I wish that I liked breakfast...one of my friends said that the pancakes here were the best she has ever had and she is a bit of a pancake snob. The portions were huge and the prices were right. You cannot go wrong with hitting up the Egg and I if you are into breakfast or with a bunch of people who are into breakfast. They also had other menu items available...burgers, salads, sandwiches. On my next trip to Vegas I will be sure to head off the strip for some of this eggy goodness!!
3	This place was just ok. It's not worth the trip off the strip. I do like that they give you your own carafe of coffee. Much appreciated after a night imbibing in vegas. Unfortunately the food was nothing special. I got the egg, ham and cheese croissant they brought it late because they had accidently made it with bacon instead of ham but it was still disappointing. it just wasn't very flavorful. They have better ham and cheese croissants at Dunkin Donuts.My husband was also disappointed with his eggs benedict. The hollandaise sauce was good but the benedict was drenched in it. Moderation people!!
3	We ended up here only because there was a power outage on the entire block occupied by Hash House A Go-Go.  Boo.Huge omelets and other specialty egg dishes.  The boyfriend's scramble which was supposed to be topped with a couple eggs looks like it had 4-5 eggs.  He was pretty happy with that.My chicken fried steak was good, but I couldn't touch the potatoes which were covered in way too much of their salty seasoning...they looked like someone dumped a bottle of Lawry's on them as a joke.Speaking of jokes, the lady at the register thought it was HILARIOUS when my boyfriend said the food was "eggs-quisite".  DUMB!!
4	Have not eaten at this one in over a year, but all their locations make a great breakfast, its a chain with a family run atmosphere. bacon egg and cheese stuffed into french toast, with seasoned  potatoes on the side OMG!
3	EGGsellent:-Newspaper style menu that's fun to read and packed with choices.-Cute egg stuff every where and fun little eggsquisite sayings.-Huge Portions-easy parking, no valet necessary as it's off the strip.-They give you a big coffee carafe so you can refill your coffee as often as you'd like.Not so EGGsellent:-Ordered a skillet and it didn't really have the "bacon and onion" in it ... it was all potatos and eggs.-The potatoes are not good.  They are the little cube kind, and they are just meh tasting.  Considering the potatoes take up the bulk of the portion ... this is the main factor that kept me from a 4 star review.-Eggstremely slow service when paying.  There was literally a line out the door to give payment.-off the strip-Kinda pricey.  Total was $24 for 2 people.Overall, it wasn't bad.  It didn't live up to the hype. But not eggsactly "rachel ray" worthy ... seriously rachel?  What the hell? (it was featured on her show once)
4	We started out our breakfast here with banana nut muffins.  We originally ordered one, but our waitress in her infinite wisdom recommended that we get 2.  Sooo glad we did, because 1, they weren't as big as we thought they'd be, and 2, those suckers are really tasty.The stuffed french toast is to die for.  Seriously, I think it'll kill you with all the meat, cheese and butter they manage to stick in there, but it's definitely worth the extra trips to the gym to work it off.  It's a pretty huge portion when you add in the home fries. The previous reviewer that said that it looks like somebody dumped a bottle of Lawry's seasoning on them wasn't kidding. They were orange.SO got the Mexican Omelette and she couldn't finish it because of the generous portion size, but she enjoyed what she was able to put away. We both enjoyed the fresh squeezed orange juice.  There's nothing like seeing some honest elbow greased pulp in your juice to let you know it's the real deal.Great service, friendly atmosphere, plenty of parking.  We'll definitely drop by when we're in the area again.
4	On my last Vegas run I saw an ad in one of those local hand outs, and so we drove and drove and drove until we found it. Now don't be fooled like we were because its located on Sahara this place is far from the strip for some bacon and eggs. Now if you are looking for a mom and pop good ole fashioned breakfast this is the place!  They do close at 3 p.m. for some odd reason...it's Vegas i just assume nothing should ever close. I ordered the stuffed french toast loaded with good greasy crispy bacon well worth the drive. My husband ordered biscuits and gravy, and my kid had the pancakes...yummmy to all!   Just note this place is not recommended for the health nuts! Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen was well over 500 calorie mark. 500+ calories is what makes a good breakfast GREAAAT!I'm making my next Vegas run this summer and if I can get there before 3 p.m. I will be visiting Egg& I.
4	If you want some American style breakfast that gives you real proportions, this is the place to be. I was thinking about going to Ellis Islands for their $6.99 steak and eggs, then I changed my mind thinking about dealing with the strip crowd. The best advantage I always have in Vegas is my own car, and my own GPS. I can have the same options as a local. This place is a Zagat rated breakfast joint. The food did not disappoint either. I tried out their waffle plate which came with 2 eggs and a large slice of ham or sausage. The waffle could've been a little warmer, but it tasted wonderful. $2.25 for all you can drink coffee has Starbucks beat. This was the perfect place for my stomach to get all that alcohol soaked up and out of my system for the long drive home. I now have a new off the strip favorite breakfast spot.
4	I'm a proud Egg and I supporter, I own a bright purple Eggeriffic shirt to rep my new local breakfast jam. I wasn't always that way. I'll explain my Egg & I experience.I wanted to run away when we pulled into the shopping center, located past that road where the palms hotel is. Its like a used car dealership wasteland on this street. That is how I found this place, while doing some car shopping all morning and finally getting so desperate for food we ventured down the road. Not somewhere you think you find a great breakfast place. Or so I thought.You walk into what feels like a family style diner greeted by a cute older woman who reminded me of my own grandma. Always a plus.Get seated and scope out the menu, lots of great options for omelets. We loved Canadian bacon or what my boyfriend likes to call bacon from Canada, ordered that. Preferred the waffles over the pancakes. (Learned that from my first trip there.) Order two orders of skillet potatoes (one for me and one for Adam.) They are literally that good. Each bite is a perfectly seasoned little bite of french fry / hash brown combination. Fruit platter with your choice of three berries. Lots of orange juice because I'm a sucker for pulp and vitamin c to start out my day. After 5 times here I've realized, it's really great for what it is. A alternative for some Denny's or Ihop because I'd rather support a local business owner. This place has breakfast down and I plan on eating here whenever I'm craving those skillet potatoes. Chya Boy!
3	If you're looking for a decent & in-eggspensive (well, at least by Vegas terms) place for breakfast, let me suggest the Egg & I. The service is very friendly and attentive. If you're looking for a nice break from The Strip, this is a good choice.The food is decent. Not gourmet, but certainly not bad neither. There is a wide array to choose from. I particularly am fond of the omelets, which are quite tasty. The skillets are quite good also.Oh yeah... don't pass up the Banana Nut Muffins... it's eggscellent.
5	I love breakfast. There's just something good about starting your morning off right. Where else can I get a banana nut muffin that's just fresh and oozing with flavor and goodness. This is the place that will help you get that fresh start right. Nice sit down cafe that makes the best breakfast out in Vegas. I had my first date with my gf here so this place always has a special place in my heart....
5	I love breakfast food, especially pancakes and omelets.  So when a friend recommended trying this place, I was down to give it a try.  I had high expectations and I wasn't disappointed!  I like how they give you a carafe of coffee when you order a cup (like IHOP) so you don't have to constantly wait to get refilled.  Since I usually drink 3-5 cups every morning, this was a plus.As far as the food, it also met my expectations.  I decided to try the egg-ceptional omelet (has bacon, mushrooms, ham, peppers, onions and sour cream) and not only was it delicious, it was more than enough food to last me through lunch.  I wanted to try the pancakes as well but I couldn't get it as a side so i tried the banana nut muffin that other reviewers had recommended - it was good but not great, but I'm not a big fan of banana nut in the first place so others may enjoy it, i don't know.  The overall price was reasonable and I prefer quality over quantity and other than a handful of a few breakfast places on the strip the Egg and I is one of the best breakfast places around Vegas.  Highly recommended!
5	I love the Egg and I and so does everyone else I know. It is simply the best locals oriented breakfast place in Las Vegas. Please don't let the name fool you this is not the chain "The Egg and I" it is independent and shows it. The quality is top notch. The portions are huge and the service is great. My personal favorite menu item is the Cincinnati chili. The have it as a omelet, a burrito ad as the traditional 3, 4, or 5 way. The best I have found outside of Cincy. As to the breakfasts the potatoes they include with almost every item are outstanding but if you ask for fruit they give you a huge plate of fruit that most places would call a fruit salad and charge 6-7 bucks for. This place is simply the best in Vegas
4	I was here with colleagues and I enjoyed their skinny fries.
5	Overall our experience here was probably the best on our trip. The customer service was great...almost to the point where it was annoying. The banana nut muffins are the best I've ever tasted and I don't even like banana nut muffins!We got the greek style omelet and eggs benedict florentine. The EB were some of the best I've had. My omelet was good, but I should have ordered the everything omelet as our server suggested. The home potatoes were very good also.You can tell this is one of the places that Las Vegas locals go too. I'm realizing sometimes the further off the strip you go, the better.This is now on my top 3 breakfast places...
4	Food: 5Service: 3Ambiance: 3I always stop in at least once per Vegas trip. This time it was just a simple breakfast of waffle, egg beaters, and ham, and each was perfect. Previously I've had the pesto scramble and I remember enjoying every bite.Service is always very friendly, but a little haphazard. They have this thing where if you want something, you flip a card on a stand at your table and a server is supposed to instantly show up. Well  it didn't work when I tried it, and eventually I had to flag someone down. And once I was seated in the back and the server didn't realize I was there.
2	Sooo hungover, and new in town, I could only think of this place.It's cute inside, the waitress was nice, but not very attentive.The plain waffle was flavorless, the bacon uncrisp and small, the potatoes were extra and toast did not come with the meal.Once the headache subsided, I thought of two places that served a better breakast for half the price.
2	More like 2.5 stars.  This place is ok.  Nothing special.  A bit pricey.  Went here with my cousin and a bunch of friends on one of many Vegas trips.  My cousin was super excited because she had seen it on Rachel Ray.  I've never watched Rachel Ray, but if this is the kind of place she recommends, then I cannot trust her opinion.This was another one of those "it's more about saying you've been there, rather than the food" type of places.  A lot of things on the menu sounded great.   got the Chicken Enchilada Omelet.  It was ok.I forgot what my girlfriend ordered, but it sounded fantastic on the menu.  It was ok.My friend ordered pork chops and eggs.  Looked great.  He said it was ok.My cousin and her hubby ordered whatever it was that Rachel Ray had ordered.  She was spouting off about how great it was, but honestly, it didn't even look that good.  Her enthusiasm seemed forced.The other members of our party weren't very pleased with their breakfasts either.This place is only open until 2 pm.  So you better get there early.  Don't worry about me holding up your table though, because I won't be back.  I'll be at Blueberry Hill, on Flamingo Rd., enjoying a very good breakfast for about half the price.
4	Was in Vegas for a little vaca and we wanted to get away from the hustle and bustle on the strip and I wasn't down for another buffet or spending $16 on breakfast at the hotel we were staying at.  So I trusted fellow yelpers and hopped over here.  It was approaching noon, but I still had my heart set on breakfast.  We were seated quickly.  The service was ok. I don't know in what order the food went in or what, but this is what I noticed. There were 2 tables in front of my view.  One table got seated 5 minutes after us and the other table seemed like they were wating forever for their food.  I'm assuming the manager, went up to the table and apologized for their food not getting there yet.  I then noticed the table who sat down 5 mintues AFTER us got served their food first.  I looked at the hubby and said, "how did that happen?" AND they were served way BEFORE the table that was waiting.  So something happened to communication from the servers and the kitchen.   I got the chicken fried steak.  When we got our food I was lovin' the potatoes!!  My scramble eggs were over cooked and hard - really no flavor.  My chicken fried steak was good, but the put sooo much gravy, I had to take half of it off.   Overall, the place is a good spot for breakfast in Vegas.  I wish I could get more of those damyn potatoes!! :)
5	This place was great!  Not terribly expensive, great selection, good service and we would definitely go back.As a note, we learned you could get half portions on most of the egg items.
3	I've been back a few times since my last review and my opinion is the same. It's average food with a local spin on Denny's breakfast menu. Someone compared it to the Pork Store in SF and I'd have to say that's a pretty close comparison. They also mentioned Mama's in SF and I'd have to say The Egg and I is not as nice and not as tasty. One things for sure, I'd choose Hash House a Go Go in Vegas any day over this place.
3	Once again I am hard on Breakfast spots. This place was pretty good they are not trying to reinvent the wheel. Coffee was good, food was good, service was above average. I will go back again but Hash House A Go Go is still my favorite outside a casino.
3	Cute family diner. I had a great experience at Egg and I. We came here around 12 which was to my benefit because I cannot stomach anything during the morning time. It was so hard to choose something from the menu...everything sounded so good! They have something for everyone. I had the the "Egg-Ceptional Omelette" with a side of country potatoes and my, was it exceptional! The omelet was loaded with sausage, diced ham, onions, tomatoes, sliced mushrooms, bacon, and cheese...and topped with sour cream. yummm! My husband had our usual...eggs benedict...and that was very delicious as well. The portions are huge! My husband eats like a beast...and I, like a man...and we still couldn't finish our food. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. She came back periodically to tend to us with a huge smile on her face. Also, the food came out very fast! My tasty and fulfilling brunch definitely prepared me for a long and crazy day-night on the strip.
4	There's one thing I like in a restaurant, and that is..... I get exactly what I ordered and the way I ordered it.The pancake's were still warm up to the last bite, how rare is that.   The staff was friendly and it's off the Vegas strip.......If you're looking for a good, no frills breakfast spot.  This would be it.....
4	This has become my common stop right before leaving from Vegas back home. I have been there only 3 times and have had chili skillet every time. Food is great. Even my veggie friends have loved this place. Service is really friendly and attentive. First time I went there I had 3 different servers coming to take my order. I am not complaining. Idea of changing the egg logo to show that you need something is really cool. They might have taken it too far with "EggCeptional" kinda stuff on their T-shirts. They have LCD TVs so you can watch football games while having breakfast (if you are sober enough). One star less for not having this in San Diego.
4	I love Leaving Las Vegas.. with Stuffed French Toast in the stomach!
4	I'll keep this review short and simple.  If you want a delicious breakfast, go here.  This spot is on point and we couldn't complain about the food at all.  I got the their special corn beef and hash, with two over easy eggs on top and a side of potatoes.  Their corn beef is pulled, not the typical chopped up kind you find most places.  The flavor of this was awesome and the texture was amazing too.  I can still taste it.  On top of that, bust the yolk and it's on!  Wifey had their special banana french toast.  This thing was like a cake, literally.  It didn't have a "bread" texture, but it was rather good, something I've never had before and I have to say I really enjoyed it.  It came with syrup, which was a waste because the taste in the french toast was just right.Prices are cheap for what they serve, service is good, can't complain as the server stopped by a couple of times to check on us.  The place is BUSY though, so expect a wait, especially on a weekend morning.  Highly recommended and they NEED to open more of these breakfast type spots in this area (booo IHOP and OHOP).
5	Delicious breakfast here! I love the breakfast crepes they have! And the banana muffins are by far the best I've ever had! Great breakfast place for sure! Skip Blueberry Hill and head here!!!
4	As Michelle L. and I were hungry souls getting off the plane.  Our first task was to feed our face.  My goal this trip was to eat off the strip as much as possible and Egg & I started off the trip right.Flipping thru the newspaper menu, many entrees made me go yum yum yum.  The service was quick and attentive, which is always a plus when your stomach is saying FEED ME!  I went with the Tacos Rancheros and its served with a side of their awesome ranch potatoes.  With the addition of some hot sauce, this dish reminded and satisfied my cravings for chilli cheese fries :).  Their Ranch potatoes, are cooked just right and when you bite in them the ranch party begins!  Sometimes the simple dishes such as this leaves you satisfied and wanting more.  Egg and I, I definately will be back!
5	we ventured out from the strip during our weekend in vegas since I LOVE breakfast.  I read the reviews about the corned beef and hash.  I tried that on the "first" day.: - )My friend and I went back to the others in our group and I had someone else join me the next day.  I added the blackened prime rib this time and it was great too.  there were a number of items on the menu i really wanted to try.  I can't wait until my next trip to Vegas.  Enjoy!
2	If you are interested in big, hearty, country breakfasts, this is your place.  If you are looking for delicate flavors or subtlety, no way jose. He ordered EGGS BENEDICT.  It was served in a baking dish so I guess the restaurant feel compelled to fill it with sauce.  It was completely drenched in "Hollandaise" if you could even call it that.  It was creamy and yellow, yes.  But there was no butter taste, or lemon.  Moreover, the slice of ham on the benedict was so thick and strong flavored that it was the predominant flavor.  I ordered the HAM AND MUSHROOM SKILLET with TWO EGGS OVER EASY.  It's a baby skillet, with the bottom lined with the restaurant's ubiquitous Ranch Potatoes, mixed with diced ham, sliced mushrooms, topped with a handful of shredded cheese and topped with 2 eggs, any style.  It's all very salty, cheese, filling and pretty good actually. FYI: the Ranch Potatoes are diced taters completely drenched in Lawry's seasoned salt and they use it anywhere potatoes might be needed.  The result is ..seasoned salt EVERYWHERE!Stick with basics like pancakes and eggs and these skillet-y things.  Don't get anything where skill might be needed to cook it.
4	This family oriented restaurant is a great place for brunch.  The menu selection is vast (6 pages!) and offers dishes for both vegetarian and non-vegetarians alike.  I ordered the veggie good omelette.  The yummy omelette (I requested mushroom, spinach, and cheddar on mine) came with well-seasoned potatoes and their infamous banana nut muffin.  You must try their banana nut muffin!  It was probably the best banana nut muffin I've ever had and I'm not exaggerating.  It tasted like there was a slight hint of buttermilk in the muffins but whatever this restaurant did to them made them amazzzingggg.  All the portions sizes are huge and I liked how I could easily substitute items that were orginally in the veggie good omelette to make my order just the way I like it.  Great prices for what you are getting as well.  The atmosphere is also fun and filled with egg puns!  Egg-static!
4	Went here for breakfast with some friends after working all night. Nice family restaurant, and the service was quick and friendly. It is off the strip but it's worth the trip. Everyone's food looked great and I was happy to find out that the taste and quality were there. Some portions seemed big but most of them were good. I got the waffle combo plate and the highly recommend banana nut muffin which was awesome! Already planning on going back.
5	My friends who frequent Las Vegas highly recommended this place to me! Thank you Maria M. and Dave O.!!This breakfast joint is cute, welcoming and homey. It gets pretty packed during the weekends, especially with big parties, so be prepared to wait! But if anything, the food is worth the wait.The selection of different types of dishes included dozens of omelettes done all kinds of ways, eggs benedict, eggs florentine, egg crepes, skillets, and i could go on and on because they also have sandwiches, french toast, and seriously I can go on.. I got the ham and mushrooms skillet with blue berry muffin. The muffin was moist and fresh! The skillet was their infamous ranch potatoes topped with ham and mushrooms with a layer of melted cheeses and two eggs done however you liked. Honestly, it looked super huge and I thought I would not finish it, but it was so good I annihilated that sucker!  My friend tried the ultimate skillet which had ham, bacon,  sausage and other goodies, but he said that it was waaaay too many things going on in one dish. So unless you like something super hearty and packed, try the ultimate skillet, if not, choose one or two ingredients to put into it.Service was super friendly and kind. On the table there are these flip cards with a happy and sad face. Put up your happy face is your party is doing fine, but if you need anything put up the sad face and a server will attend to you quickly.When I come back to vegas, this is a definite visit, especially after a big hangover!
2	I am not a big fan of Rachael Ray, but she doesn't get on my nerves nearly as much as she did when she was all unfiltered perkiness. Now that she has been homogenized and Oprah-sized and puts on make-up like Jack Nicholson as the Joker, I am somewhat sympathetic to her insatiable need to be the people's home cook, the pint-sized Paula Deen. Maybe that's why I was rather turned off by one of her Tasty Travels recommendations, the Egg & I on the corner of a strip mall out on Sahara Drive in Vegas. Even though it doesn't have the A-frame roof, it's really an IHOP with a country kitchen vibe that seems to draw the who's who of the Convoy-and-trailer-park set. Rachael was giving her thumbs up to this place for all the egg dishes they offer. That I won't argue as the menu went on with variations of omelettes and skillet breakfasts that span the globe and stretch the pocketbook. Jamie W. was being very good and ordered the Original Breakfast Burrito (see photo). However, it was quite a log that came out with a flour tortilla stuffed with four eggs, diced bacon, bell peppers onions, potatoes, cheddar and jack cheese. It came on top of a plate of cubed ranch potatoes and some salsa. It honestly tasted like any breakfast burrito, just more of it to justify the entree-level price. I went all self-indulgent and ordered the Blackened Prime Rib Benny, an Eggs Benedict variation which had little cubes of prime rib (whether it was blackened or even prime rib was quite arguable), sauteed spinach, roasted red bell peppers all chopped over what looked like a slice of Texas toast. Two poached eggs lay on top, and I asked for the hollandaise sauce on the side (see photo). Thank goodness since it was the congealed variety that clogs arteries faster than Drano cleans them out. It was on the meh side with nothing hofbrau-ish about the meat at all.The dish came with the same cubed, packaged-looking potatoes Jamie got, and neither of us had any desire to finish them out. When you order coffee here, you actually get a little pot so they can charge $2.25 for it. Jamie had a glass of milk but it was $2 for just six ounces. Hell, I would have lactated myself for that price. Service was efficient, and even though they have a little egg sign you can flip over to get a waitress' attention, there was no need for it since they seemed interested in turning over tables lightning fast. I'm afraid I will need to second-guess Rachael Ray's judgments on what amounts to good eats on her travels, or else I may be doomed to high-calorie intakes of mediocrity. FOOD - 2.5 stars....just thought the dishes were just too generic despite the abundance...it didn't seem human hands touched those ranch potatoes AMBIANCE - 2.5 stars...country kitchen quaint if that's your idea of charming SERVICE - 2.5 stars...efficient if rather impersonal, no need to flip that egg sign over on a busy morning TOTAL - 2 stars....right on the border between 2 and 3 stars, but I need to go with my bulbous, post-benny gut on this one
4	A great place to get a hearty recovery breakfast.  Friendly staff. Flipping the egg at the end of the table for service is great, no  need to flag down your server.
3	This place reminds me of Hash house a go go, but a smaller size. The place is really pack when we went, and it seems to be pack most of the time. I got the Flapper and my friend got one of the omelet with spinach, chicken, feta cheese, tomato, and bacon. Both were alright, except I think the omelet was a bit salty probably from the feta cheese. It's a good breakfast place I think. Their banana nut miffin is pretty good. I think it's the best banana nut muffin I ever had because it's sweet - maybe honey and brown sugar and soft and moist and warm when we got it, but also a bit oily. Taste like cake.
3	Overall my expereince with Egg and I has been pretty good. They have a good selection of Omelets and their potato browns are enjoyable. I'm not completely blown away by this place, but if you can find an entertainment book, you can get a coupon for Egg and I at a buy one get one free rate.
5	Saturday morning in Las Vegas, really needed to score a solid breakfast. The eggs benny florentine was incredible, but the potatoes that came with it made the meal. Waitress came by to remove our plates and we just growled at her :). Sh realized we had a couple of potato morsels left and backed away.
2	A great breakfast house is consistent no matter what. I only went here once, but it was disappointing. The food was on par to IHOP. I can't tell you how many people get a omelette wrong. Either the ingredients don't gel right and is tasteless, or the egg is undercooked, etc. The omelette I got here was tasteless. The potato o' brien was overcooked in too much oil to the point it was deflated and tasted more like leftovers. Not a fan.
4	I ordered the Turkey Cheese, Avocado, Crepe with a banana muffin and a coffee. The service was quick, loud and friendly. A home town feel for breakfast to get away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip. The menu was on a newspaper style paper which was neat. First the Banana Muffin came out and was moist and great!. I would want that muffin at the casino buffets. Then the food came out and it was huge. The potatoes were seasoned with some sort of lawry's seasoning flavor, pretty good, didn't need much ketchup, i didn't use any. The crepe was huge, it too up half teh dish, but was more like an omlet than a crepe. Still tasty and filling. I like breakfast and I usually get a chicken fried steak for breakfast, but that crepe was definitely a head turner walking in to our seats... I'm sold on Eggs and I.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME food!A normal trip to Vegas for me and my girlfriend tends to be limited to the strip, but having driven out from San Diego, we decided to venture away from the concrete jungle for breakfast.  I looked on yelp, found this place and we started driving.Here's all you need to know:1. There were a lot of people waiting outside, and we almost just left.  For a two-top, we waited 20 minutes (which seemed more than reasonable for a Saturday morning).2. The food came WICKED-FAST.  Like, 5 minutes MAX.  2 orders of eggs bene and a plate of pancakes.  CRAZY FAST.3. I am an eggs benedict officianado, and theirs was MAGNIFICENT.  The eggs benedict was probably the best I've ever had, and the "ranch-style" potatoes that accompanied it were fantastic as well.4. The prices were very reasonable.100% Guaranteed that I will come back to this place next time I'm in Vegas.RANDOM NOTE:  After picking up our pup from a doggy hotel near the airport, we considered driving way back to this place for breakfast one more time.  By PURE LUCK, we saw a sign for "Egg Works", stumbled in and discovered that it was the SAME COMPANY.  1 in a million chance and a very happy ending for our trip.  The food was equally as good as The Egg and I.
4	Great hearty breakfast if you are not wanting the all-u-can-eat buffet.  The only thing this place is not drunk-walkable in am, it is a drive away - towards the "giant souviener shop" direction away from the strip.Good service and good food. Every seat was taken in the restaurant. The hostess and waiters are all super nice saying "morning sweetie" and "how are you honey" seem to really enjoy working there.All the food portions were HUGE! our table tried a little bit of everything: blueberry pancakes, choc chip pancakes, moco loco, breakfast burrito, omlettes.  their potatoes were really good - seasoned and fried!Wish it was walkable from the strip - that would make it 5 stars!
5	Wednesday morning, breakfast time in Las Vegas - what to do? I Yelped it and decided to try The Egg and I based on the reviews. Great decision! This is an old fashioned, cozy breakfast place with fantastic food and great service. I tried the Eggs Florentine or, in my case, "the usual" - and the hollandaise was just about perfect. Highly Recommended!
5	Loved this place for breakfast off the strip!!!  Wish there was one in San Jose!  Check out the back page for the Hawaiian Portuguese and eggs.  IT was awesome!  Mom (old school Hawaiian Japanese) loved it big time with eggs and 2 scoops of rice!  Coffee and banana muffin was excellent.  We bought one to munch on the plane ride home.  Excellent friendly service.  Definitely a can't miss in Vegas!!!
5	When the Hash House was packed on Saturday we decided to give this place a try and woo-wee it was worth it! No wait, breakfast until 3pm, and huge portions of delicious foods!!! The service was great and they have cute menus that look like newspapers. Their burritos are kick- ass waffles topped with fresh fruits are amazing and I highly recommend the corned beef hash. One of the best I've had. They also have fresh OJ and the best tasting homefries Ive ever had! I cant wait to go back to this  place next time Im in town.
4	Thank you Yelp!  We were looking for a place to have a good breakfast before heading out on the road back to Phoenix.  We had been in Vegas for four nights and were looking for something other than the options around our hotel.  I found the Egg & I using my awesome Yelp iPhone app.  Everyone agreed to give it a shot and we were all singing praises to both Egg & I and to Yelp at the end of the meal.The special of the day was the Prime Rib Skillet, Prime Rib over breakfast potatoes, cheese, and eggs any way you want em.  Two people at our table of six went for the special.  Other meals included a Brad's Scramble, two Chicken Fried Steak Skillets, and mine was the Kay's Omelette (Four egg spinach omelette stuffed with a blend of artichoke hearts, swiss cheese, parmesan, garlic and cream cheese. Topped with fresh tomatoes and feta cheese.)  Everyone was raving about their breakfast, except for one.One friend does not like mushrooms and did not realize they were in her skillet.  She started to pick them out and when the waitress same to check on us, she noticed the pile of mushrooms and offered to have them remake the dish.  Very nice customer service.  My friend didn't want to wait, so she declined, but it was still very nice of the server to notice and offer a new dish.The standout of the meal was the breakfast potatoes with their special seasoning.  These are the best breakfast potatoes that I have ever had, and I love breakfast potatoes!  The seasoning had a really good flavor and the potatoes were in the perfect bite-sized chunks.There are plenty of great reviews for this place, so I don't need to go on and on.  Just one more final thought.  When I am coming home from a trip I always like to look back and think about what I learned during the trip.  On this trip, I learned a few things . . .1 - Don't hold your new cell phone over a pint of Guinness, chances are it may fall in.2 - Cash out at roulette once you have doubled your original bet.  Even if you just walk right back and put down the original bet again.3 - Add the Egg & I to the "must-have" list anytime I'm in Vegas!
5	The Egg & I has the freshest eggs you can get at a breakfast restaurant! My scrambled egg whites were fluffy, light, and delicious! Their homemade banana muffins were yummy and their fruit was fresh! The restaurant itself is quaint and adorable. And you can't beat the price (especially if you've spent the weekend shelling out tons of money for food on The Strip!) This place is definitely worth going out of your way for if you're visiting Vegas!
5	If i could give more stars i would!5 stars for sure , breakfast is the best!I got the piggy skillet, so freakin good!!!!!! Trust me, go here, its a must go to for a breakfast on a vegas trip, you will be going everytime you visit vegas!Potatoes are the best, skillet had bits of bacon, ham, sausage.  Topped with 4 eggs i had them overeasy.  U can get them scrambled.They have coupons too, buy one entree get one free!? =) This made my day..trust me it will make yours too.Best breakfast I have ever had from what i can remember
4	What a great little breakfast spot!  I got the crepes... yummy.  Mom got the veggie bene, also yummy.  I liked that the juice was nice and big.  Not a little shot glass like some other places.  The service was really friendly.  We appreciated the little egg face at the table to attract the attention of the very busy servers.  While we were in the Venetian, we picked up one of the tiny tourist magazines.  There was a coupon in it for BOGO entrees.  If you are planning to come here, see if you can snag one.  It makes it an even better deal!
4	Best breakfast joint in Vegas, hands down.  I will never visit vegas without going here at least once (more likely twice).  I even bought one of their mugs as a souvenir, and I rarely do that.
4	i am never in Vegas as I live in San Diego, but this place is definitely worth drive if you want some good breakfast food off of the strip. The service is amazing as is the food.
4	Wow!Great portions for a great price.Service was great, very attentive by not annoying.This location wasn't too far from the strip where our hotel was.We wanted a descent price, tasty breakfast and thanks to fellow Yelper's I was able to track down this great place.Our group of four were seated fast and by no time we were all enjoying our breakfast's. For our first visit I had the Egg's Benedict Florentine- Fresh spinach atop canadian bacon, two poached eggs & a grilled english muffin, smothered with hollandaise and served with fresh fruit garnish and ranch potatoes. We all left full and happy.For our second visit I tried CHRISTY'S CINNAMON RAISIN FRENCH TOAST- Cinnamon Raisin bread dipped in a custard batter. Grilled Golden and lightly sprinkled with powdered sugar. Served with SassyApples.This is a great spot, it seemed like it had "The Regulars", so that's nice to see they have loyal and satisfied customers.
4	The bacon avacado omlete was delicious. The food came out quick and hot. Great service too.
4	Three of my friends and I, all hungry and a little hungover, came to the Egg&I around 2pm on a Monday so it wasn't busy at all. The banana nut muffins are soft delicious fluffy and warm, served to you before your main course comes. The portions are well sized, prices wern't outrageous, but the waitress forgot my friend's toast. I had a crepe, which comes with ranch potatoes. It was much more dough-y that I expected and would have liked. Makes me wish I just ordered a scramble. Overall I liked driving off the strip to see outer Vegas to get good food at not ridiculous prices.
5	Went to Egg & I for brunch and it really exceeded my expectations.  I heard good things about this place and the reviews are are spot on.  It is located off the strip.  Located in a plaza with other businesses and there is plenty of parking.  I ordered the new york steak and eggs.  Steak was tender and juicy.  Eggs were cooked perfectly.  Served with country ranch potatoes.  The country potatoes are basically small fried potatoes squares with ranch seasoning.  My GF had the cajun shrimp eggs benedict special.  The fresh fruit plate contains blueberries, madarin oranges, pineapple, cantaloupe, and honeydew slices.  Fruits were fresh and it was a great way to start off the morning.  Expect to wait a few minutes if you have a party larger than 2.  Luckily it was just me and my GF and we were seated right when we arrived.  The staff were fast, friendly, courteous, and they were as accommodating as much as possible.Egg & I, you guys are now one of my favorite breakfast / lunch places to visit when I am around the Las Vegas Area.  Thank you for the great meal.Bon Apettit
4	HATE Nothing.DISLIKE The location (not a great view). My waitress barely checked on me. Too much butter on each piece of toast (and I didn't even ask for butter).LIKE The location (aimed at locals) and diner vibe. The fruit selection with your plate. Decent prices.LOVE The Crazy Chicken omelet. Diverse breakfast menu items such as spam with sticky rice and cincy chili (chili over spaghetti).
5	We came here based on the great Yelp reviews, and this place did not disappoint!If you're looking for a big filling breakfast, this is the place.The staff was friendly and our server was attentive and a total sweetheart.The food is awesome! I ordered the egg-ceptional omelet which was huge and stuffed full of toppings and had the ranch potatoes as my side. It wasnt greasy or oily which was such a bonus, since you never know with a new breakfast place. The portions are big so I'd recomend coming hungry or sharing.
5	This is by far my favorite place to have breakfast and now lunch in Vegas. Their banana nut bread/ muffin is amazing!! The best! Very moist and nutty.This was my first time ordering off the lunch menu and I got the Cinci Chili Burger.  It was delicious!  Great tasty chili with the Ranch Potatoes on the side.  Comes in an open bun with a large pickle, lettuce, and tomatoes.   I was very satifised with it.  Usually the service is pretty good and friendly except when they're super busy.  Then it gets a little quick and snappy.  But overall, I definitely look forward to coming here whenever I go to Vegas.  And if you like the muffin, definitely buy a loaf to go and put it in the fridge.  It lasts for a while in there and its always moist and soft.
4	Nummy Nummy i like some eggies in my tummy.  Great food and definite stop off anytime you are in Vegas.  Place gets packed with locals, but when you walk in you become a local.  Honestly.  We were sitting there and some people walked up and asked what they should get.  I said eggs.Try the crepes, they are stuffed with eggs and whole bunch of other stuff if you like.  I think they should rename the place hangover hamlet though :)
5	When your in Vegas and want to venture off the strip of a great breakfast. Just down W. Sahara you will find this gem. The food is great the banana nut muffins are awesome. It has a very down home atmosphere and very friendly service. Excellent place for parents with kids and wont break the bank.
5	I am huge fan of breakfast and will travel miles for it.  I was not disappointed with egg and I.  The service was very friendly.  The server, Alexis, was warm and bubbly and really went out of her way to make our experience a fun and delicious one.  The food: wow!!  The banana nut muffin was the best that I have had ever and that was brought before the meal.  I didnt want to stop eating it.  Then my banana chocolate chip pancakes with eggs arrived and I had to leave the muffin.  The pancakes were delish!  My wife had the cashew blueberry pancakes and with the blueberry compote it was "blueberry pie in heaven for breakfast.". The place is about a $15 cab ride off the strip but it is well worth it.
4	Came for breakfast on a Saturday morning just because its our last day in vegas and we wanted something different from the complimentary breakfast we have from our hotel.Was surprised to see that the place is packed and hopping at such an early hour.We waited for awhile for the server to arrive to get our orders. ORder came after 15mins. The corned beef was good. Portions are generous.would recommend.
5	Fantastic local breakfast spot. Locally-owned. Great food. Ample portions. Its sister restaurant, Egg Works is also a great breakfast spot.
5	Egg & I is always a favorite and is most always the first breakfast spot we hit during our ventures to LV.I can't seem to get myself to order anything but the Egg Crepes, I guess it's just because it's that good, not to mention, I can't order anything like it from anywhere else!  I forget which one I usually order, I think it's called the "Collision" or something?  It has mushrooms and bacon in it.The Ranch Potatoes are like like Potato Chips, you can't help but pop one after the other, after the other, in your mouth.But, it's not like I can finish it anyways, because of that damn freakin most delicious Banana Nut Muffin I have in the beginning.  Oh my gosh, slap a little butter on it, hell, slap a lot of butter on that warm muffin and it's freakin heaven.  I'll need to ask the next time I'm around if I can actually order some muffins to go.Egg & I is definitely worth it and I'll keep coming back every time I'm in town.
3	The Egg and I used to be my favorite breakfast place in town. It is now crowded and thefood taste so manufactured.What keeps me coming back is breakfast with the girls, the banana nut bread (OMG, it's SOOOOO good), and the ranch potatoes.During the weekends, the wait is up to 30 minutes. The staff is super friendly, they are great at keeping your coffee cup full. Also, what's cool is that when you have an issue or need something they have an egg on the table, you can flip it to reveal a sad, yellow egg. Someone is usually at your table within 30 seconds. It's like they have sonar for these yellow eggs.The Egg & I serves breakfast and lunch and they close at like 3 PM.
4	Are you tired of waiting in lines that look like you're at Disney just to eat buffet food?  Then do I have an off the strip place that you'll will like.  My cousin told me about the Egg & I.  Boy am I glad that he did.  The food was really good.  There was a 10-15 minute wait but did not compare to those monstrous lines in the casino hotels.  After glancing through their newspaper styled menu, I decided to have a four egg omelette.  Which was more than delicious when it arrived.  Accompanying this wonderful omelette was their famous ranch potatoes.  These bad boys were orgasmic good.  They were seasoned with some spices that gave it a lil bit of a kick.  But if you aren't into spicy then I advise you put some ketchup on them to dull the fire.  All in all the meal was delicious.The service was pretty good as well.  They have a system where there is a napkin holder and on top are two pictures of eggs.  If you need some assistance then you just flip the egg to yellow.  Now I may be butchering the explanation of this process but long story short the wait staff is very attentive and helpful.So give it a shot if you are tired of long buffet lines.  It also gives you a chance to see the other parts of Vegas.
5	Since my sister first introduced me to this place last year, every time I come to Vegas I HAVE to stop by and have myself some breakfast before leaving back to L.A.The Banana Nut Muffin is so delish! They bring it out to you nice and warm! They also sell them in a loaf for $6.99 and I always buy a loaf home. And they wrap it in clear color papers that makes it look very nice and presentable. The Brad's Very Special is good. It comes with a side of potatoes and eggs that are scrambled together with spinach, mushroom, tomatoes, and cheese melt together. I definitely recommend this place to anyone that visits Vegas.
5	GET THE BANANA MUFFIN! You cannot leave without trying it, it was awesome! Everything here is really good, hands down one of the best breakfast joints i've ever been to.
4	Ranch Potatoes - HOLLA!  Need I say more?  Don't ask, just go, order it and eat it.  You'll understand.Breakfast at this quaint eatery was delish!  I ordered the stuffed french toast with a side of bacon.  Egg bread dipped in a custard batter. Grilled golden and lightly sprinkled with powdered sugar stuffed with strawberry cream cheese.  My plate came with 2 helpings of syrup for reason i can't even fathom.  The goo of whipped cream and strawberry stuff was oozing everywhere and definitely sweet enough to ravage alone.The wait staff was friendly, helpful and patient (we were a group of 4 adults and 5 kids who couldn't make up our minds with all the yummy food to chose from).I don't know about you but I'm going back the next time I'm in town and eating the rest of the menu!
3	Second time here, and I have to say it's average. The previous visit, we went and it wasnt crowded.   This time we went on a Saturday, around 10ish and the wait wasnt too long maybe 10-15 minutes.Previously, the service was very attentive, but this time service was was very mediocre at best.  I ordered the Taco Rancheros again.  I feel like this time around something was missing,  it tasted kinda blah, or in comparison something that I would find at Dennys.  Tho, the ranch potatoes still were quite tasty!  Next time if we come back, I'm going to try something different. Sigh.
5	Probably 4.5 stars, not the best breakfast spot I have ever had In this world but but hands down the best spot in vegas so it gets 5.  This place is also the same as Egg Works and I have eaten at both spots and they are both excelent. There menu is awesome with all the regular stuff plus with crepes, omelets, scrabbles, skillets, bennys, and hawaiian breakfasts.  They also have a cincy chili section that I like, I have never had cincy chili for real but I know what it's all about (over spaghetti) and this chili is real good.  You can also get toast or a banana nut muffin with your meal.   They do everything well and I have never been disappointed with anything but my favorites are the cincy chili omelet, enchilada omelet, and anything with their excellent country gravy all over it.  They have a chicken fries steak skillet that is potatoes topped with chopped up fried steak, topped with gravy, topped with eggs however u want, it is AWESOME.  They also won some awards for their cincy chili burger but I have never had it.   My good friend and fellow yelper used to think cracked egg was the best place in town and refused to eat here for some stupid reason.  Well we ate here and he was mad at himself for missing out on this place for all these years, don't make the same mistake.
5	Went back...nothing changed but the service!! TOP NOTCH! The servers were super friendly and our food came out withing minutes....yummy as it gets for cheap...fast and big portions. Please try the french toast sandwhich with eggs and bacon!!
5	Don't miss this place if you like eggs. Super friendly staff. Great for breakfasts. 10 mins drive from the "strip"
5	This was the best find in Vegas! Not only was the food delicious and very resonable, but the staff was remarkable. Our server and the manager went out of the way to make our dining experience most memorable. I highly recommend Egg and I to everyone!
4	Egg-celent food! :)  it's definitely an old fashion restaurant and setting. We had 4 diners in our party and everyone was very happy with their meal and the service. We will definitely go back again the next time we visit vegas!
4	Visited this place the last time in Vegas.  I have to say I'd recommend it. It's in a little strip mall way off the strip, but worth the drive. Everything tasted great and the service was really good.
3	Got in fairly quick. Order placed and meal delivered in a very speedy fashion. Omelette bigger than my head? Plus. Found this place accidently...pleasantly surprised. Will probably go back.
5	Great brunch, and clearly a locals place. Very friendly service--our waiter gave us free banana muffins because we were first-timers. I got the fiesta skillet with eggs over-easy--terrific, but next time I'd ask for much less cheese. Definitely worth the trip if you're sick of casino food.
3	Eggs & I is a popular brunch spot for locals in Las Vegas.  We had to drop by the airport and chose Eggs & I as our go-to food spot afterwards.The menu consists of a variety of eggs benedict dishes, omelettes, hash, and other breakfast items.Service is homey and the vibe is definitely casual here.  The menu comes out printed on newspaper stock so perhaps their items change frequently.We started out with their signature banana nut muffin which accompanies many of their dishes.  Light, soft, fluffy, and not too sweet, the banana nut bread was a hit and a great starter.Our entrees included a mish-mash of their popular dishes:Prime Rib Benny (or Benedict) - the highlight dish entree was an Eggs Benedict version made up of prime rib.  It replaces the traditional muffin with a croissant and is definitely a large portion so was plenty to share.Florentine Benedict - a version made with spinach and ham.  Pretty good.Chicken Fried steak - I only had a few bites, but I liked it.  It's a calorie killer though.Kay's Omelette - another signatuer omelette, it had plentiful cheese, ham, and egg.  Kinda plain and not sure why this is so popular.  You could make similar omelettes at home.Brad's Chili - wasn't sure which chili to order and was recommended this one.  It came out lukewarm, had a bland flavor and was generally forgetabble. Eggs & I is a decent brunch spot, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.  They take credit cards, including American Express.
4	On our way out of Vegas I decided to try this place. I love eggs for breakfast and found this place on yelp. Thx fellow yelpers. You didn't disappoint. It's not too fat from the freeway and easy to findThe banana muffin was awesome. I inhaled mine so fast. I had the Brad's special with the yummy ranch potatoes. The price was great too. I'm definitely coming back here when I'm in Vegas.
5	Great Vegas breakfast place.  The food is great, the service is great, and the whole place has personality.If you're looking to eat breakfast somewhere off of the strip, Egg & I has you covered.
4	So I saw this place on Man VS. Food and I just had to come here when I was in Vegas. This place closed a little early (around 3pm) so make sure you get there before it closes. Eggg-citing! The decor inside is absolutely adorable. There's little dancing eggs everywhere, which was egg-cellent. (excuse the puns please) The people here are really nice and its nice being somewhere in Las Vegas where not everyone there is a tourist. So I had the eggs florentine which was really good. My motto is the more fattening the better. The hollandaise sauce was creamy, buttery and probably loaded with saturated fat, which is completely fine with me. The eggs were poached just right, where it's firm on the outside but soft inside. The side of potatoes are really good too. This place is a must when visiting Las Vegas!
5	Let's be honest here: the whole Vegas breakfast buffet phenomenon gets really old really fast.  Yes, it's all you can eat for $9.99, but how much can you really eat?  And how much do you want to eat every single morning?  Don't you want someone to bring you food instead of trying not to spill your bowl of oatmeal on a slow 80-year-old grandma in an "I live to bingo" sweater?If you do, take a short drive down W. Sahara Ave to Egg and I.  You will not be disappointed.  Inconspicuously located in a nondescript strip mall, Egg and I provides a perfectly casual, hearty and homey breakfast without the pompousness and the hoopla of The Strip.By now you're probably wondering what "Egg" looks like.  Well, Egg looks kind of like Humpty Dumpty, and "I" looks just like "Egg."  Just look on their website.  Might as well call the whole place "2 Eggs," although it would probably detract from the restaurant's country kitchen charm.  We came in around 9:30 am on Saturday morning, and the place was absolutely packed.  We got a table right away, but every party that came in after 9:45 had to wait a little.  We had just gotten into town, and I was glad they brought us a whole pot of coffee.  You'd better believe I took advantage of the proximity and the unlimited availability of good coffee.  Even the yellow cups with the company logo were cute enough to use at home.We couldn't quite decide on what to order, and our waitress graciously waited, while offering valuable suggestions along the way.  The menu is extensive and the portions are huge, so....  Also, breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so you don't want to make this decision lightly.There was nothing light about my breakfast, however.  The Ultimate Skillet is not for the weak...that much I know.  A generous layer of breakfast potatoes had a Cajun flavor to it.  Paprika and something else gave those potatoes a light crunch and a reddish hue - pretty and delicious.  The Ultimate Skillet also featured mounds of sausage, ham and bacon, mixed in with bell peppers, onions and cheese.  The skillet wouldn't be complete with 2 scrambled eggs on top.  WOW.  We also ordered one large pancake to share, but after getting through 3/4 of the skillet, I wasn't hankering for a pancake.  I did try it, and it was fluffy and sweet, but it was just too much.  I was ready to throw in the towel, which almost never happens to me.  On any other day, I can finish any breakfast, and have some of yours, too, but the Ultimate Skillet proved to be a bit much.  Order at your own risk.  That's a LOT of food for $9.95.Great breakfast in a quaint setting?  I will be sure to make it my regular Vegas breakfast destination.
5	This wasn't on my to-do list, nor did i know of it from Rachael ray  or man vs food. Searching yelp one morning and looking for something else besides hash house and denny's / ihop / buffet i came across this.  And wow.This place feels homey. Decor is really cool with western american style wooden tables and chairs that didn't come off too tacky . Plus outdoor seating and this place is slammed on a Friday morning? Must be a good place. Looking through the menu, my eyes caught a special that was simply prefect. Chocolate pumpkin pancakes. The waitress kept talking them up after i ordered so i was excited but gave a negative vibe to my friend, making him feel like his dish wasn't as good ( he ordered the Mexican style omelet ). Coffee here comes in a carafe making the experience pretty top notch as coffee goes quick in my breakfast meals and i always feel like i am always trying to get more refilled.  The pumpkin chocolate mix in my pancakes was awesome and hands down the best breakfast i had in Vegas. The egg's here are epic. One side order came with a lot of bacon which looked lost in the eggs. The eggs and bacon were a course of their own.   Tried a little of the Mexican omelet it was good too.Honestly for the cost of the meal and added experience it was a honestly my favorite breakfast throughout whole  trip. Next year I am going to come at least twice when i visit.
5	Great food great service!
5	Wow...this place is amazing. One of the best breakfast meals I've ever had. And for those who say "its too salty", (it wasn't btw) this is not a place to get a fruit plate! If you want that go somewhere else.
3	Because of Rachel Ray's visit here, I decided to try it out. Besides, Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day.I walked in and there was a very polite older lady sitting behind the register that greeted me. Then she started story telling about the place, since I told her that it was my first time. What a nice lady, very concerned to answer any questions I had and got me seated immediately. The server was also friendly and I did like the feel of the place, like a refined Ol' South Country Diner. I promptly ordered their Corned Beef Hash (it wasn't the canned stuff) and Orange juice. About a minute later, the server comes with this delectable looking muffin. It was a banana nut muffin.. HHHHMMMMM?! It was warm and smelled like it fell from the hands of a Banana Angel!! I took a bite and I got in a blissful state for a few seconds.. I mean this thing was insanely, out of this galaxy, the mother of all mother banana muffins!! This thing will give Mimi's Cafe's muffins a run for their money! In regards to the Corned Beef, it had a good flavor (bit salty for my taste), the potatoes were great, the overeasy eggs were overeasy eggs but did make everything else taste much better. Decent size dish but tasted average. Great Service and Price. You Must Try  Their BANANA NUT MUFFIN!!!!!
5	i absolutely *heart* this place!  i think its the cute egg mascots ;-)been here serveral times.  one of my best friends moved to vegas years ago, and ever since she's been my vegas local guide to food.  its good to be in the know ;-)  we go here for breakfast almost every time i visit!  here's why....service is always friendly.  the food is creative, homey, filling, and just a great homemade american breakfast/brunch menu.  there are heavy soul filling and hangover killing dishes like meaty hashes, great benedicts, all sorts of omelettes, and then there are lighter versions like the egg crepes and even the fresh berry parfait.  its PACKED for weekend brunch, mostly with locals, but the wait isn't tooo bad, usually not over 20 min or so.  if u happen to be here on a weekday, or get up earlier than the rest of ur friends and wanna get off the strip, this is perfect place to sit by urself with the paper, coffee, and  a good breakfast.  not what u would think of when u think of vegas, in a very good way =Dp.s. must get the muffins!
5	Two days into a five day stay in Vegas, we were looking for someplace other than the always overrated hotel buffet for breakfast.  Our parking valet saw our perplexed looks and asked what we needed.  When replied "breakfast" he immediately suggested "The Egg & I".  We plugged it into our GPS and boy, were we glad we did!  This place is the best.  Since we were there during the week, there was no wait but busy.  The menu was so extensive my husband and I took at least 10-15 minutes just to read and decide.  We wanted EVERYTHING!  I went for the Piggy Skillet and was absolutely overwhelmed.  It was fabulous.  My husband and I were so pleased with the food and service, we made sure this was the last place we ate before leaving town.  And I took a banana nut muffin on the plane home. I wanted to buy a whole loaf but my husband gave me a dirty look.  I gained four pounds while I was in Vegas and I am sure three of them were courtesy of The Egg & I!
5	Vegas. Two girls. Hungover. We had a long drive ahead but needed time to collect ourselves. In our dysfunctional state of mind, we decided we wanted brunch.Off to Egg & I we went. The place turned out to be a local favorite. It was fairly packed, but we got seated right away. Extensive breakfast menu. Options! And loved how it was printed on newspaper! Chicken Omelet (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3kdSl5mo9dWC4clrQjEDGg?select=5jiBgyVg3dAhbE4X129pOw): I can't remember its name, but I do remember that it was absolutely tasty! Chicken, cheese, avocado with sour cream on top. Moist chicken. Fluffy omelet. Yum! Ranch Potatoes: Came with omelet. Addicting! Even though they were overly seasoned for my taste buds, I couldn't stop eating them.Banana Nut Muffin (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3kdSl5mo9dWC4clrQjEDGg?select=6JXT3ryRPelUwv5grDI67A): Came with omelet. Gigantic homemade muffin. Chewy top. Soft inside with bits of banana and nuts. So good!Eggs Florentine (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3kdSl5mo9dWC4clrQjEDGg?select=YvTvI5skrvIBBFC4W7TUVg): I didn't try it. But judging by its looks, I would imagine it to be delicious!Coffee: Great quality coffee. It was unlimited refill and I had the whole carafe to myself. They have their own line of coffee. Huge portions!  We both packed half of our food to go. Great service! Friendly and attentive. And best of all, great prices! 2 breakfast entrees, 1 orange juice, 1 coffee, plus tax and tips all for $30! =D
5	I was looking for a great place to have breakfast in Vegas and this place was one that came up. I am so glad I went here, the food was great with much larger portions than what I am used to for breakfast and the service was pretty good as well. I definitely will be back on my next trip.
3	I have gone here for breakfast numerous times when I am in LV.  They have a large menu, service is quick and I have always had good food.  The only negative is that their coffee is low grade, just barely drinkable.  Its certainly worth the 10 minute drive for better food and lower prices than what you can find on the Strip.
2	Just ok breakfast.  All too often, I believe people mistake quantity for quality.....They just serve a truckload of potatoes and make them seem exotic by putting a little paprika on them.  Everything is ok, but average.
5	First of all, I have to say 'THANK YOU' to all the Yelpers out there that recommended this place.Now the review...The family and I were in Vegas to cash in on a Giants World Series bet.  I really didn't want the usual buffet, so we did a quick search on Yelp and off to the Egg and I we went.  We stepped in and were quickly seated.  The televisions on the wall was great.  I could see who was playing and not playing for that Sunday's Fantasy Football Lineups.  We ordered coffee and looked over the menu.  (Note- Coffee was ok.  Better than IHOP, but not my favorite blend.) We looked over the menu and what a selection!  It took us awhile to figure out what we wanted.  I ordered the Egg-Ceptional Omelet, my wife ordered the Two-egger, and my son had the Chocolate Waffles.    The food quickly came out and as far as portions...  they were HUGE!  My wife's Two-egger was like 4 eggs.  My kid's waffles were shaped like Mickey Mouse, which was a nice touch.  My omelet was one of the biggest I've ever seen.  Our only problem was that the chocolate waffle was without chocolate.  We had them bring out some chocolate chips and all was well again.  The omelet and ranch spiced potatoes were yummy.  You could taste freshness of the ingredients.  The omelet had sausage, diced ham, bacon, onions, tomatoes, portabella mushrooms and melted cheese all topped with sour cream and green onions.     We finished all we could and off to gambling we went.
4	love this place! first ate here a few years ago before Yelp.Got to go last week and it was so good my mom wanted to eat there 2 days in a row! and my mom NEVER eats anywhere 2 days in a row.highlights: giant portions, strong coffee, FAST SERVICE.First day I ordered biscuits and gravy with potatoes and eggs. Was a little weirded out by the orange potatoes but when mixed with the gravy they were very good. The biscuits are freshly made and are amazing! Coffee was really good and strong here too.I was very curious for the Cincy chili and got a side of that but I had to taste it and take it to go. It was AWESOME. Brought it home and ate it on a hot dog! AWESOME.the service here was VERY fast and it was great but definitely hard for everywhere else we ate in Vegas to live up to.lets see my other families food choices were all GIANT and everyone was really happy which is very unusual for us.Second day I ordered the spam, rice and eggs. I think they called it Hawaiian special. Of course it was great. My niece tried the apple cinnamon pancakes but they were seriously big enough for 4 people to split. I think she finished 1 whole pancake. VERY fluffy and good.
4	I haven't had breakfast in here in a while, not since we first move here around 8-9 years ago.  No one here this morning, our family finally left for home after a nice long visit, so we were up early going to the airport to drop off.  With plenty of time, we decided to stop in and give this place a try.Good breakfast place. Size is generous, choices are plenty, and prices are average. Service was great.  I would recommend it.
4	After an interesting night of debauchery, my stomach was hungering for a good, full breakfast.  Apart from having the cutest name ever, Egg & I has THE best banana nut muffin I've ever had in my life.  So moist, so warm.  So delicious.  Their bacon, avocado and cheese omelet had just the right balance of cheese and fillings, although a little more bacon could never hurt anybody... Orange juice was freshly squeezed and a bit pulpy, which a nice surprise :)A nice, comfortable, and homey place to recover with generous portions and awesome staff.  Definitely recommended.
4	Breakfast is sort of my "thing" -- I'm a self-professed eggs benedict connoisseur and it's kind of my gold standard for determining if I like a breakfast joint.  I'm happy to report that their eggs benny was good! I knew the wait could be considerable here, given that it's a popular spot and it was a weekend, but we really didn't wait much longer than 15 minutes, as the hostess said and once we were seated -- wham bam! Our food was on the table. They were very speedy when it came to service.Was it the best breakfast I'd ever had? No.. but the staff was friendly and the food came out fast.  The potatoes were a little over season-salted and were actually better *later* that night when we reheated our leftovers, but all in all, it's a solid breakfast spot if you don't mind a little weight and a tight fit. (The restaurant is definitely close quarters.)I'm sure we'll probably go back. It may not be the first pick, but it's definitely among them. :)
4	We came here for breakfast and for some reason the tuna melt looked good to me for breakfast,  anyway the tuna melt on rye with lettuce and tomato was awesome, the tuna had no pickle relish in it , a plus for me  . The thing that put it over the top was the bread , it looked and tasted like they grilled the cheese on the outside of the bread, it was crispy, like when u make a grilled cheese sandwich  and some of the cheese melts and gets cooked  in the pan and u peel that cheesy goodness and pop it in your mouth , yum.         I have to go back and find out for sure, the waitress was busy, so I did not get the chance to ask about the bread.         The fries were very good , shoe strings sprinkled with the the same seasoning they put on there breakfast potato's , it tastes like BBQ seasoning to me. I would not hesitate to have this meal again for breakfast and...... call me crazy for lunch? ;)
5	This was eggactly what was needed after a long night on the strip, time to realize there's more to Vegas beyond the main drag. Reasonably priced for decent portions and awesome flavors. I was blown away by the succulent carnitas dish served with country potatoes. Egg & I needs to franchise out so I can have this every weekend.
4	Came back here because I had a dream that I was in heaven munchin' on their banana nut muffin....ZZZzzZZzZZZ.. Came by for breakfast to try one of my favorite breakfast dishes, chicken fried steak. I had "Brad's corned beef hash" the first time, kinda salty..And Of course, it wasn't hard to choose, "toast or banana nut muffin".. Is this a trick question? haha, banana nut muffin, please! Muffin was Awesome just not as warm and moist as the first time. There were many more customers dining this day and maybe they were a little busy and in a rush making them? Chicken Fried Steak: Nice portion with a good amount of gravy, I went with egg whites only and their seasoned potatoes. The steak had the right crunchy skin, meat was perfect and their sausage gravy was mild and heart warming. In my opinion, much better dish than their corned beef hash.Upped the rating to 4 Stars because they deserve it.
5	The chocolate chip pumpkin pancakes are to die for!!! This has to hands down be one of my fave places to eat in Vegas. I also loooove to get chocolate chip blueberry pancakes...I make up this combo every time I go (when then pumpkin pancakes aren't on the menu!) Best Breakfast in town and great service.
3	This town is lacking a really fantastic breakfast spot. There are a few places that have just ok breakfast and every time I hear a rave review, I have to admit I get my hopes up... but always feel let down. Egg & I is one of these places. I'm not sure if breakfast expectations are too high or if I'm just that hard to please. The food here is just ok. The wait is always crazy for weekend breakfasts and once you finally get seated, the service is pretty slow, or at least this is what I've become accustomed to on my visits there. The eggs are ok here. Pretty standard and so are the sweet dishes. My least favorite breakfast item are those darn breakfast potatoes they serve. They are overly seasoned and are a very unappealing orange color. In this case, they taste better than they look doesn't really apply. They are overly salty and not a great texture either. I love potatoes and these are just not doing it for me. The other food is standard fare, so you're probably safe with anything you order, just stay away from those potatoes.Good for breakfast, just nothing mind-blowing.
5	Best breakfast in Vegas!!!!
5	Summary:  Perhaps the best breakfast restaurant I've ever found.Long version:  So I'm on vacation with my two adult sons (and one of the boy's GF).  Since we're at a timeshare I'm enjoying making breakfast most of the week.  On a lark I decide we're going out, and I google "best las vegas breakfast".  #1 on the list is "The Egg and I".  So we map it and off we go, without a lot of expectations or knowing what's on the menu.  So first of all there's a bit of a wait - 15-20 minutes for a table.  Staff is friendly, place is clean, and every table is filled.  We are seated outdoors on the patio and there are heaters set up (the stand-up propane ones) every couple of tables so we're nice and cozy.Coffee comes and guess what - it's really good.  I'm a bit of a coffee fanatic - I roast my own beans at home and can distinguish varietals between African and South American by taste - and it's surprisingly lively on the palette for a breakfast joint.Between the four of us, we order a vegan breakfast, two different omelets and biscuits and gravy.  Each entry is under $10, and the portions are absolutely ginormous.  It's a quarter to midnight and I'm still stuffed.  But most importantly, every thing on the plate is absolutely delicious.  From the specialty omelets to the potatoes to the gravy, everything is simply first rate.  Apparently the place has won several awards and is Zagat rated.  I have no reason to doubt any of this - if you're in Las Vegas for breakfast, you absolutely MUST search out and try The Egg and I.
4	I'm always happy to find a local place in LV to have meals.  Sometimes being on the strip is just too congested and I crave some sense of normalcy... and buffets are just too much food and too expensive.Hence I visited the Egg & I.  And it was closed.  Computers Down. :(When I was finally able to return I looked through my newspaper style menu and was torn between the biscuits and gravy or a omelet.I tried the artichoke omelet and sub'd for some mushrooms.  I love the fetta cheese on top and the fresh tomatoes.  One thing that lacked... I couldn't taste the artichoke... and it could probably use more mushrooms.  It was a great idea however probably would taste better with bacon and mushrooms or ham or something to that effect... Something you can actually taste.  The potatoes were really good, home fries... and more of a fries taste since they had a TON of seasoning on it.  I would prefer less seasoning, and have a bottle to the side if you want more.Servers were very nice, there was a line of people waiting to be seated.  It was a good experience, I think I like Blueberry Hill more, but I wouldn't be opposed to returning here again.
4	This place is crackin' like an egg. Love the chile relleno omelet. So far this is my favorite breakfast spot in Vegas. Friendly staff. Quick & pleasant.Worth driving off the strip (Not too far). Opposite side of airport.
5	One word DELICIOUS!! Lots of breakfast choices, oh yea n lunch. If you're in Vegas you must stop by! mmmmm Can't wait to go back!
5	Very cost effective, lighting fast service but never once felt rushed. There was a wide variety for the selection of food and everything that came to our table was cooked perfectly. The Egg and I manages to feel like a neighborhood diner and your family's house all at the same time. No better place in town for breakfast for both taste and value.
5	always a great place to visit for breakfast :-DI highly recommend ranch potatoes! small, bite-size, seasoned potatoes are sooooo good! I also love their banana nut bread. it comes with a lot of the entrees and it's so moist and delicious! they have a similar service style like bumba gump (where if u needed assistance, u would turn your sign to "stop forest, stop!"). they have a happy egg face and sad egg face if u need service
3	We walked right in on a monday morning for breakfast and the food came quickly!  The potato's were amazing!  Highly recommend hitting them for a very satisfying breakfast!
5	Huge portions, plates are enough for two. Definitely get the banana muffin as a side (comes with most entrees). Great coffee, very friendly staff. And yes, the ranch potatoes are awesome, don't substitute it with fries no matter what your kids say.
5	After indulging us too much the day before at the Bellagio Buffet, we looked for a nice and decent original coffee shop - or such. The day before my lady had found a voucher in a tourist magazine together with the notion of a review that this place (i.e. both) we're very liked with the community and the reviewers, in fact best liked.Being a no brainer it turned up trumps in reality: The place was VERY busy (which we took as a good sign to start with) yet being seated only took a moment and the service was very fast and attentive. Food variety on the menue is almost too big ;-) so I quite took my time to decide. Got an italian influenced omelette which turned out to be very tasty. One more thing about the service: Our little boy didn't like his fries because they came spiced (paprika or the likes)... they were replaced with plain ones in no time - comped !A little before the food arrived a nice and cheerful lady of the staff came over and chatted us up a bit. Her expert eye didn't fail to note that we were out-of-towners. Later, I found out that she was actually the manager (owner?) and had the same first name as my darling ! When she heard that I failed to order the banana nut muffin (house specialty) she had one sent to our table immediately - again, complementary !I guess I don't need to say more. Prices very reasonable, yummy food with a lot of variety...wish we had breakfast places like that in Berlin lol.Since I guess we will return to Las Vegas at some point in our lives I can clearly see us going there again !
4	You can usually find md here on Sundays. Great food at a decent price. The only thing I would say to the owners and chefs is PLEASE lighten up on that super salty seasoning that you put on the fried potatoes. I definitely suggest this place to anyone who lives near here. I always leave stuffed.
5	My husband I had heard of this place and we just had to try it. Very cute interior we went on a Tues afternoon so definitely missed the weekend breakfast rush. Let me tell you this place did not disappoint, food was amazing. I had the wonderful Kay's omelet that had tomato, spinach and feta it was so good. When we are in town again definitely gonna go back!!
5	I love breakfast. It is my favorite... so Mama might be a little picky when it comes to it.Obsessed with this place. Amazing service, kind staff, & delicious food! A ton of healthy options! YES! Not too far from the strip to check out... skip the buffets & overpriced crap and indulge in the homefries & the amazing banana nut muffins. The scrambles are ridiculous and i added the "sassy apples" to my cottage cheese. Just GO! It won't disappoint.  Only thing I would want is a larger selection of coffee type beverages like latte's, etc...
5	Love this spot for a nice Sunday Brunch!...And I am obviously not the only one in town who feels the same way.Its always nice to know that a place you love so much is appreciated by others, and thats the feeling you get as you pull into the Egg and I on Sahara. Immediately you will notice a group of people waiting patiently outside of the restaurant for the next available seat. When I go, being a smoker, I usually go out on the patio to enjoy the fresh air and a smoke with my coffee and book. The staff is so welcoming. I am a frequent visitor so they know where I would like to sit, escort me to a table of my choosing, provide an ashtray, and offer the heating lamp if it is cold outside. Always friendly, you are not just communicated with by your server, but others in the staff that notice your presence. Nobody walks around with blinders on. You feel as if they are there to enjoy your breakfast with you. Speaking of the breakfast; it is the best in town! The wait is never long, and the food is always fresh and hot. Makes one wonder what kind of army is stacked away in the kitchen. Spinning out plate after plate of unique dishes that dont only taste great, but are piled high on your plate, makes me want to walk into the kitchen and give its staff a huge hug. There is something on the menu for everyone's taste, and, unlike many chain breakfast places who will remain unnamed, you actually get fresh ingredients, and flavor without frou frou toppings of berries and whip cream to try and doll it up. I find myself looking at others plates and wondering what they are having with delicious anticipation of trying it the next time. My signature dish is Brads Special, and I almost never stray from a favorite, but the fact that I feel safe to do so at The Egg and I says a lot.A pleasant "hello how are you" greets you at the door, and a friendly "Thank you, have a nice day" assures a future visit. If The Egg and I added a few floors atop its building, and offered rooms like a Bed and Breakfast, you better believe there would never be an available occupancy.
4	Had a coupon so we broke from our usual habit of hitting our neighborhood Omelet House and tried this place.  It's a winner!  Comfortable restaurant, friendly staff and great service.  And, oh, the food is really really good.  Prices a bit high but quality and portions are excellent.  My wife had the cheddar cheese omelet....it looked so pretty you almost didn't want to eat it.   Light, cheesy and oh so good.  Banana nut muffin equally good.  I had the piggy skillet....layered with potatos, ham, sausage, bacon and cheese, with a couple eggs on top.  Delicious.
5	O-M-G!! Get yourself the banana nut muffin here! It was so freakin good, I ordered a banana nut bread to go! Yes, they sell a loaf, if you want to take it home and savor it. The banana nut muffin comes with some of the meals, but if it doesn't order it. It comes to you very warm and moist and it was one of the best things I ever ate! I swear you not. Anyways, enough of the muff fin because the food was good and service excellent. I ordered the stuffed french toast which included scramble eggs & ham stuffed between 2 thick toast. Man of man, it was alot of food cuz I think they used 4 eggs and then u top it off with syrup. They also had the alot of ranch potatoes that came with it. YUMMY! My friend ordered the chicken fried steak skillet. I tasted some of it and it was delicious. The gravy that came with it was just really tasty. I was hearty and I would order it next time...=) The service was great with a egg-sign on the table if you wanted a server to come by if you needed anything. You flip it and any of the server who sees it will come to you. NICE! This was a great place for brunch and I will be back for the banana nut muffin alone!  A much better brunch place that Hash a go go.
5	Banana nut muffin, will you marry me?  My husband may object, but that's ok.  We won't tell him.The wait on a Sunday morning was 25 minutes.  Obviously, it's a good place if people are waiting.  We didn't mind the wait at all.We shared the stuffed french toast (stuffed with eggs, cheese, bacon) and the collision course (a cross between a crepe and omelet).  Mine came with a banana nut muffin.My coffee was never empty.You know the food is good when you are so full and you keep eating.  You know you're going to get sick, but you just don't care.
4	I came here for breakfast with a few people the other day. The restaurant was packed and we had to wait about 10-15 minutes. I ordered the corned beef hash which was homemade. Good flavor and lots of it! My niece really liked it and ended up eating about half of it. My niece actually ordered the waffle with bananas on top (strawberries were out of season). This girl can eat but is skinny as a stick. Kids! One of the other ladies had Portuguese sausage, rice and eggs. They give you a whole sausage and it's pretty big. Whoa now, I'm talking about food! The other lady had spam & eggs which she really liked. We all got the banana muffin with our meals. YUM! We had a good breakfast and may be back again when we're in Vegas.
5	This place is amazing for breakfast. We went on a Sunday morning and the line was out the door. Only waited 15 minutes though and we were whisked right in to enjoy a big breakfast. Crazy enough as it is to say, i had eggs benedict for the first time and it was super delicious. It always looked so gross to me cause i thought it was pretty much mayo on top but the waitress was really cool and brought me a sample of the hollandaise sauce to make sure i would like it before i ordered. The service was very good and the waitresses were perfectly attentive. The home fries were awesome that come on the side and breakfast that sunday was all i had hoped and more.
5	My fiance and I came to this place twice on our last trip to vegas.  I can't tell you how much we liked the place.  The interior was unique and so wat the menu.  The portions were big the coffee was hot and the atmosphere was great.  Good service both times as well.  If you're looking for a great breakfast or lunch joint that blows dennys or ihop out of the water here's your place!!!
4	We wanted to get off the LV strip and eat at a local place for breakfast so after reading the reviews I chose the Egg & I.I was not disappointed as the food was fresh and the menu selection for breakfast was excellent. I ordered the veggie omelette and it was served with a huge portion of home fires. As others have commented the home fries are highly seasoned with seasoning salt so I enjoyed them. The veggie omelette had a generous amount of chopped veggies inside and they melt jack and cheddar cheese over the top. The meal is served with toast or their famous banana nut muffin and the muffin is light and packed with flavor. I was very hungry today but I left very full and satisfied. The prices are very reasonable and my breakfast inlcuding a drink came to a toal of $10.00. I will definitely be back on my next trip to LV.
4	Went to Vegas this past weekend. All I have to say is THANK YOU MY FELLOW YELPERS for giving this place decent reviews, for had it not been for you, I would have broken down and paid 30 or 40 bucks for brunch.  Because of you, I have now found my go to breakfast joint EVERY TIME I GO TO VEGAS.Let me start of by saying, if you are staying at the Stratosphere, this is the perfect place for you because its only about 3 miles away. Getting right into the joint, it's always a good sign when you step into a restaurant, and its jammed packed with patrons, and an even better sign when you can smell nothing but breakfast goodness as you pull into the parking lot.Wait time for our party of 9 was probably about an hour, but it was okay since 7 stragglers in my party were still packing back at their hotels. The coffee, was shite to be perfectly honest, but when you are nursing a hangover, brownie points are scored because they bring you the coffee in the carafe, almost one per coffee drinker, so you never have to look around for a waitress to refill your cup.I had the Brad's corned beef hash, and it was HEAVENLY! I recommend getting the half order because with their kick ass potatoes (cubed and superbly seasoned with season salt) and two eggs, it ends up being a hell of a lot of food, especially after eating their freshly baked banana nut muffin. MAJOR POINTS for the corned beef hash  being made from scratch. My wife had some kind of pork chile verde skillet, and she wasn't disappointed, and neither was my mother in law who ordered a spinach, cheese, onion and tomato scramble. Blueberry pancakes were a little off as they were extremely dense, but we'll see what happens next time we go.The biggest plus for this restaurant is the fact that their service is impeccable. I can honestly say that I wish every restaurant had service as awesome as Egg and I's. Their entire staff is friendly, attentive and make you feel like you were a regular customer! See you in May Egg and I!
5	Finally! Found a place that makes great eggs! Really really good. Great service as well. I'll be Regular here...
4	I heard of this place through a friend of mine whose friend recommended it.  So what's the first thing I do?  Check it out on Yelp, of course!  Yes, there is a wait.  But like everyone says, the line goes really quickly and I think we were seated within 15-20 minutes, which is not bad considering it was a Saturday at peak brunch time.  I loved their newspaper style menus and all the great descriptions to help decide what to order.  First thing I have to mention is the banana nut muffin.  Yes, I know everyone mentions it but it is SO worth mentioning!  It's so moist and delicious, I actually now crave the darn thing!  I ordered a corned beef hash with eggs and instead of their potatoes, I ordered rice.  The corned beef hash was okay, I like mine on the crispier side but it was still good.  The eggs were cooked perfectly.  Not too many places can make the perfect over-medium where it's a little cooked but just enough runnyness to get some yolk without it spewing all over the plate like an over-easy.  I tried my girlfriend's potatoes and should've stuck with it.  It was almost like little bites of french fries.  SO delicious!  I'm definitely heading back there next chance I get to, until then, I shall see the banana nut muffin in my dreams...
4	My go to breakfast place!
4	This place gets really crowded, but it was well worth the wait.  I came here on a Sunday morning for breakfast before leaving Vegas.  I ordered the eggs Benedict, which was very delicious.  I loved the Cajun home fries that it came with.  Everything was very tasty.  My bf had the muffins and gravy which he loved.  I would definitely come back the next time I'm in town.
4	Everything is great but for some reason I just don't care for their coffee. HUGE servings that I usually had to save for lunch.
4	First time there. We had great eggs and stuffed French toast!
4	Found this great breakfast diner. I had the Country Benny. It's like Biscuits and Gravy on Steroids. Layered biscuits, sausage patties, eggs to your liking smothered in sausage gravy. Served with their great Ranch Potatoes. It's a killer meal. Try it out for yourself. You won't be disappointed.
4	This is the quintessential breakfast spot. I got the corned beef & hash with eggs. & of course the banana nut muffin. Simply perfect. The place is clean & inviting. Perfect for a couple. I was alone. Maybe next time.
5	My 300th review, and what best celebrates that then with a review for the best darned breakfast/lunch joint in TOWN! I'm from San Francisco, and I wanted to eat somewhere OFF the strip. (I was staying at Vdara). So I yelped Egg and I, and ventured off the strip with my rental car and my husband. My husband of course was a bit hesitant to venture off the strip, but he was SO happy I found Egg and I. (We ate here every morning of our 3 day stay). It was seriously that good.We ordered-breakfast burrito (ordered with egg whites and light cheese) A+chicken fried steak: A (better to get sauce on side IMO)chicken omelet (it had a "special" name to it) A+Denver omelet (ordered with egg whites and light cheese) A+whole wheat pancakes (HUGE ORDER!) A+Portions are big, so don't order too much!Service was great! We had the same server all 3 days. She was surprised to see us back on the 2nd day, but was just laughing when she saw us the 3rd day. A bit funny I know :) She made sure our visit was pleasant, asking if we needing anything. The only thing I needed was help walking out their door, since I ate so much. I hope Egg and I continues to serve great food. Sadly we don't live in Vegas, so we can only visit when we need to sunbathe and gamble :) So that's twice a year, hopefully more!Thanks Egg & I, for a 5 STAR experience.
4	I ordered the corned beef hash with the banana nut muffin. I've been hearing about how great their banana nut muffin and it truly does live up to the hype. It was light and fluffy and the banana flavor was subtle. The corned beef hash comes with ranch potatoes (think Tommys style fries with that red seasoning only diced up), eggs, and a side of watermelon and pineapple. The hash was served under scrambled eggs in a skillet. The ranch potatoes were crisp and flavorful. I just wish the hash was a bit crispier. Since the hash was made with a mixture of potatoes, the texture remained soft and did not create any contrast with the scrambled eggs. It had good flavor though. Lastly, the customer service is top notch. All the waitresses were happy to help and near the end of brunch, the owner/manager came over just to chit chat, which I appreciated.
4	I had a great dining experience at Egg & I. The server was quite friendly and attentive. This is a great place to have breakfast at an affordable price. I had the vegetarian skillet and added some bacon (I know...crazy). The dish was quite tasty. And it's true what everyone says about the banana muffins. They are to die for!!
4	Love Egg and I. We needed a pick-me-up after a bad doctors office visit. Took 2 hours for 2 mins of doc attention so we were pretty annoyed. This lifted our spirits, because we both love breakfast foods. We drove a few miles to go to Egg and I simply because I wanted to try it based on the great Yelp reviews.We were not disappointed. Everything was great for my first time ever eating here.We walked in at 1215 and were immediately seated on a Thursday lunch hour. There were plenty of tables inside and out, and since it was a sunny calm day we decided it'd be nice to get out and get a little sun after being stuck in the doc office.I went with the "This Little Piggy" omelet and it was just the way I like it. Lots of egg, lots of cheese, and plenty of meats. It comes with chopped up bacon, chopped up sausage, and chopped up chunks of ham, folded in half and smothered with about a half pound of cheese!!!! Also comes with the country potatoes which I was expecting to be orgasmic based on reviews, but let me down just a little bit. Don't get me wrong they were really good, but maybe my batch just wasn't quite cooked long enough and they were a little softer than I like em. Also I got the banana nut muffin with my meal, (this thing WAS OUT-friggen-STANDING) and she brought it out before the meal, which I thought to be a little strange. But i was really hungry so it was just fine with me.My honey got a breakfast burrito and she said it was really good, looked to me like it had a ton of peppers, which isn't my favorite thing in the world, but she enjoyed it. Had to take half of it home because she couldn't finish it all, this thing was pretty big and also came with the country potatoes.This was a great breakfast experience and can understand how this place can get pretty busy at times. We were very happy with the food and mostly happy with the service, she was just a little slow a couple times and we were only there for about 45 minutes. i.e. forgot to get a sprite, and never really came back to ask us if we needed anything after our food was brought out and if it was cooked ok. After she brought the check we decided to get a refill to go since the sprite was $2.50 and brought late and we waited for a few minutes to see her but never did. In the end it worked out, when we paid we asked the cashier if she could help us in getting the to-go refill and she politely went and took care of that for us with a smile. :)Thanks Egg and I, we will be back for sure!
5	I looooooooooove this place!  Amazing breakfast/brunch. If you love eggs ANYTHING, this is the place to go!  Good portion, cheap price and friendly atmosphere. Everyone should try the taco style omelette!  It's to die for!!!
4	I  Love a good breakfast!!! My BF had read a few great reviews about the Egg and I recently and suggested we try it after sitting in out DR. office appt. for 2 hours; needless to say it made us hungry.  The day was warm and not too windy so we opted to sit outside on the patio.  Nothing impressive but it did just fine.  The newspaper style menu was fun and different.  Right away I saw about 6 items I would like to try.  As did my hungry man.  I finally decided on the breakfast burrito.  And he picked This little piggy omelet.  Our food came very quickly and looked great!! The burrito was huge and looked great.  There was 4 scrambled eggs, cheese, peppers, onions and huge side of   their breakfast potatoes.  There was also a side of salsa that was tasty and not too spicy.  My BF food looked yummy as well, I knew this when he ate it all with few words.  The only thing that could have been better was a more attentive server.  We had to look around for a water and soda refill.  I hate that.  She was however very sweet and seemed a little new.  I will defiantly be going back to try some of the other dishes that made my mouth water.  Overall, the Egg and I is a sure fire great breakfast experience.
5	Totally worth the journey off the Strip.  If I lived in LV I would come here whenever I wanted a good breakfast out.  Big varied menu, friendly service, great food, kid-welcoming, clean, and clearly very highly rated year after year as all the framed Zagat reviews on the front wall testify.  Great experience.
5	Still great all these years after the Rachel Ray review. I ventured to the Hawaiian section at the back of the menu. The Portuguese sausage with eggs, sticky rice, and a banana nut muffin (of course!) was delish. The sausage was juicy and well grilled. It's a great off-the-strip brunch spot....and I'm writing this at the restaurant using their free wifi!
5	My husband and I didn't realize how far this place was from the Strip. A little too expensive of a fare for breakfast! HOWEVER, this place is super yummy. We did have a wait for about 40 minutes upon arrival as well. A local favorite. Combine tourists like us with locals, you got a busy place! Look in the 24/7 guide for a buy 1, get 1 entree free coupon. The banana nut muffin is served warm and is a must eat. We both got omelets - love the unique variety! The homestyle potatoes are super tasty and you get a generous portion. Fresh squeezed orange juice - a plus! The little black/yellow egg flipper as a service indicator is fun and helpful. Within seconds of flipping it to the black egg (meaning we needed service) the MANAGER was over at our table asking what we needed and joking with us. Everyone here is friendly, upbeat and happy you stopped in. Good place, good people. Go.
4	So my boyfriend is a taxi driver and he gets all kinds of coupons, deals and freebies. He got a coupon for Egg & I.  I was so excited to try it because we're never awake for normal breakfast time. They stop seating people at 3pm, which is when we usually get there. The food is great. The chili relleno omelet was amazing. I'm not a fan of the ranch potatoes. I think they are a good filler though. Same about the Banana Nut Muffin. But the meal I dream about is Benedict's Garden. It's a 'vegetarian' version of eggs benedict. English muffin topped with guacamole and tomato, poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. it's the greatest thing!Service is great. Everyone is friendly. Waitresses are attentive but If you need anything, just flip the egg on the condiment caddy.
4	Spent a few days in Vegas and wasn't feeling like a "buffet" style breakfast or our normal Hash House a Go Go meal. Found Egg and I in a coupon book given to us at our Hotel. Located in a strip mall with a lot of parking, there was no wait on a weekday morning, but the place was full of patrons. Took a while for our server to take our order and asked us twice what we wanted to drink (amnesia maybe ?..no she was just busy, trying to tend to everyone), so after about 10 minutes, my husband flipped the sign with the un-happy egg, to show we needed attention. The sweet lady at the register quickly came to us and asked what we needed. Our server quickly came to us and apologized for the wait and also brought each of us the BEST BANANA  NUT MUFFIN ever !!! I had the Blackend Prime Rib Benny, A Grilled croissant with  prime rib, sauteed spinach and roasted red bell peppers, two poached eggs, then covered with hollandaise sauce. Also came with home fries and 2 slices of fruit. This dish was AMAZING ! All the flavors tied together so well and that Banana Nut Muffin will make me a return customer ! The hubby had Crepes filled w/ Mushrooms, that I take was also delicious, since  I didn't get to taste it ! The coupon for a "buy one meal get the other for half off" made the whole experience even better. We'll be back in 2 mos..EGG AND I but this time we won't be alone.
3	Good breakfast place but not unlike most places you get eggs and coffee.  Food was good and came out very quickly, I didn't particularly care for the side of potato hash that come with the meal. The staff is attentive but not overbearing seeing as how they are so busy and they have a little egg dude on the table that frowns when you flip him over so you can get service ASAP. A solid 3 stars.
5	My wife and I found this place via Yelp and with the help of the turn by turn navigation, discovered the BEST breakfast we ever had!!  The banana nut muffin comes before the meal and it is SUPERB!!  Everything we ordered was FANTASTIC!!  The eggs (over-easy), the bacon, the link sausages, the pancakes, and of course the waffle (loaded with strawberries and whipped cream) could not get any better.  We visit Las Vegas at least 3 times a year and this time we were celebrating our 7th year anniversary.  We've done the hotel dining thing at most of the 4 & 5 star rated places and they don't even come close to being as good as the Egg & I.  We do have to thank Denny's for being so awful the morning before and that is what led us to the BEST BREAKFAST in fabulous Las Vegas.  Being from Hawaii, it was a pleasant surprise to see a "hawaiian" section in the menu.  A lot of Hawaii people visit the 9th island and we will definitely be telling our friends about this wonderful eatery on West Sahara.
5	yum, yum! Im a fan.  Big portions, not enough room in my stomach, I will visit again. Besides the food being tasty, the services was spectacular.  :)
4	Wow, what a great place for breakfast! This little mom & pop restaurant that is out of the way from the busy strip and expensive breakfast prices! We found this place from one of those Vegas pamphlets they hand out with a 2 for 1 coupon in it. And by the looks of all the other reviews, I would say that everyone knows about this place too. It was packed when we showed up. I got the corn beef hash with two eggs over easy and their banana nut muffin. The corn beef was fresh and their banana nut muffin was really good! Now I see shy they were famous for them. The ranch potatoes were a little too salty for my taste. They need to tone it down on the salt and then they would be really good but really didn't eat them because I felt my blood pressure go through the roof! lol.. My BF had the Chicken omelet and he gave me a bite and it was really de-lish especially if you are an avocado freak because there was a ton of avocado stuffed in the omelet. The service was really good even for sitting out on the patio. I would definitely go back for breakfast when I come back into town!
5	This place is simply delicious! Nice size portions for a decent price. There can be a bit of a wait , but its well worth the wait. Just thinking about it makes me all tingly on the inside. LOL. a nice hidden jewel away from the strip, but for us locals who drive by on our way to work or church...we know what kind of gemstone it really is@ Most importantly, it is kid friendly. For people who have two young ones and who also has friends who has two young ones...its a good fit for us. yummmie...
5	The waitress was really nice, and even suggested some dives to check out while visiting, and brought each 4 of us one of their banana nut muffins on the house. Not only was it a sweet gesture, the things MELT IN YOUR MOUTH. If this is how they hook you, so be it, they are AMAZING. Everyone was more than pleased with their order; I had the philly cheese steak, great meat to veggies ratio, very tasty, and their fries are killer. They put a little something special on them, my guess was season salt. For how expensive Vegas can be, this place offers a refreshing break!
5	best breakfast in vegas, screw the fat ho bag buffets, this place was delicious, the tri-tip benedict, got handled! fresh, friendly, and tasty!
5	Fast service and amazing food! Price was was very good.
3	My sister and I had been pretty excited about coming here after reading all about it on Yelp.  It seemed to be really busy with lots of people waiting outside (on a Sunday afternoon), but we luckily only had to wait about 10 minutes before we were seated.  Our server was super nice.  She really helped elevate the entire experience.  When we asked for banana nut muffins to go with our entrees, she asked if it was our first time there.  We told her yes and she said the muffins were free for first timers!  Hope that's true and I'm not getting anyone in trouble by posting that info here.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict Florentine & it came with those little (obviously frozen) and highly seasoned potatoes.  Overall I enjoyed the dish, but there was so much Hollandaise sauce that the English muffin got pretty soggy and the ham was really quite bad.  It was cut in thick slices and was very rubbery.  It almost tasted canned or something.  I took the ham off and it was much better that way.  However, the whole thing was a runny, saucy mess.  The poached eggs were cooked perfectly though.  My sister unfortunately didn't enjoy her blueberry pancakes too much.  This might sound strange, but they were way too fluffy for both of us & just didn't taste that great.  We both loved the muffins though.  That very well may have been the best part of the whole meal.  Despite the rubbery ham, I'd definitely come back.  The service was excellent and I feel confident that we'll both be able to find other dishes on the menu that suit us better.  Plus.... those banana nut muffins!  You'd be a fool not to try one.
4	absolutely delicious . I am glad I came here early in my vacation ,so I can go there again . I had the cheesy omelette ranch potatoes and a banana nut muffin.  I was looking at the stuffed strawberry French toast, no really I literally was staring at it, the lady probably thought I was a creeper, but I am getting that sometime this week, with a side of ranch potatoes.  However, the chicken salad sandwich sounds good too...I did not get to stare at it to report back...sorry.  Whatever you do...order those ranch potatoes!!
5	I always thought this place didn't seem appetizing from what it looks like on the outside, but it's actually cozy & welcoming! The service is quick & food is delicious...especially their banana nut muffins & ranch potatoes. I will definitely come back & recommend this place to my family & friends.
5	My first impression was, "Cute sad and happy egg people everywhere!"The decor of this breakfast house really caught my attention as I first walked in. Eggs are featured on everything from their tableware, to their menu, and their walls. It's too adorable. The menu looks like a real newspaper which is also a nice little touch to the theme of this restaurant. Bright yellow everywhere is a great way to brighten up and start your day in Vegas!We went to Egg & I for brunch and I can say it loud and proud, this is the best American breakfast I have ever had. Hearty, filling, innovative, more than just eggs and waffles. Egg & I has taken breakfast foods to a whole different level. I ordered the Eggs Benedict Florentine (featured on Rachel Ray) which had  spinach, canadian bacon, two poached eggs on a grilled english muffin, with hollandaise sauce. We also ordered an omelette, Both served with ranch potatoes...by far the best breakfast potatoes on this planet. I forgot the name of the omelette, but I know for sure I'd order the eggs benedict florentine and extra banana nut muffins on the side. The complimentary banana nut muffins are made fresh in house, and they are SO GOOD. The service was just as bubbly and friendly as this restaurant is. If you want to start your day right in Vegas, this is definitely one of your options.The lasting impression? "Love my breakfast, let's get it on country style at Egg & I!"
5	Banana nut muffin & their potato hash is the business!!!This place only serves breakfast & i believe they close at 3pm. The menu looks like a morning's newspaper, they have tons of yummy items to choose from. The trick to getting your waiter's attention: first you'd have to look at the smiley egg that holds the condiments on your table and when you flip the egg to a frown, you'll be serviced in no time. Unless they are super busy and most of the time they are so just wait patiently. The food portion size is big, I would say that thee portion is adult men's size who is damn hungry in the morning because I never finish and always pack it home.Every time I order unlimited coffee, it always taste old (drink @ your own risk) :\ so I never get coffee unless I absolutely need it. Overall, I love this place! Mainly I give them a 5 for the damn food...it's just too damn good.
5	Best breakfast I had in Vegas. You'll need a car to get there if you're staying on the strip, but it's worth the drive. The ranch potatoes are fantastic! Great food at a great price and good service, too.
3	My expectations were high after seeing and reading the reviews on Yelp. The inside was clean and cozy looking and they had several flat screens. My order the corn beef with scrambled eggs and the banana nut muffin. The food didn't WOW me. The corn beef was average although it was home made, muffin was cold and the potatoes tasted deep fried with a to much seasoned salt. The pineapple slice and honeydue were juicy and a nice extra to the plate.Service was good and attentive here but I probably would not return here.
5	It's a cab ride off the Strip, but worth it!I'm in Vegas two of three times a year, and Egg and I has become one of my regular stops. The Kay's Special omelet will change your life.And the banana nut muffin will have you believing in a higher power, no matter how you've done at the tables.
4	More like 3.5 stars for me but I'm going to round it up to 4 because of their yummy banana nut muffin and breakfast potatoes which are the stars of the show here!  I ordered Brad's Very Special Omelette with spinach, mushrooms, tomato, and cheese which was about 3 stars to me - good but not the best I've had.  I chose to have it with their famous muffin and potatoes which are delicious!  Got here around 1 p.m. on a Thursday afternoon and there were plenty of available tables.  Service was good and prompt and prices pretty low so for those reasons I can also round up from 3.5 to 4 stars.  I definitely enjoyed my food and overall experience here more than at Hash House A Go Go, so save on waiting time and come on over to Egg & I!
5	This quickly became my favorite go to breakfast/brunch spot on my way out of las Vegas. The kays special, banana nut muffin, and the coffee are all fantastic. The waitress tells me the skillets are where its at as well.
4	We stumbled across this local secret while on vacation last year. Its not much of your typical Las Vegas Strip crowd, more of families that actually live around town catching a late breakfast/brunch.We had some really awesome pancakes here, and its a nice escape from those crowded hotel places. Just a few minutes from the strip!Definitely will go back on our next visit this summer!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! I think I have found my new favorite breakfast place. Move over, Hash House!I've been wanting to go here for a long time and was so happy that my friend's house is only a few blocks away! I got our food to go since we had to start driving back home to LA and it only took 10 minutes. I ordered the bacon avocado and cheese omelette. Yum! The ranch potatoes on the side were effing awesome. The seasoning had just the right amount of kick to it. I gobbled everything up. You get to choose between toast and the banana nut muffin so of course I got the muffin. Holy moly! Delicious! It was so soft and moist I could have eaten 5 more. I wish I got some to go. I don't even like bananas!Joe got Kay's special which has spinach, swiss, artichoke. It was pretty good but I liked my ABC better. :)Get the orange juice. So good! Just the right amount of pulp, sweetness, and tartness.
4	First off, I had the cordon bleu skillet, and it was great! Their house potatoes are pretty good, a little salty, but not too much to make me not want to eat them. I would say borderline on the seasoning. The service was great for a Saturday morning, and they were very busy. I recommend sitting outside in the morning, it is quite pleasant with the misters on. The food was very tasty, and the portions are excellent for the price. I will definitely be going back here again.
4	Food was terrific! We went twice. Double check that they have your order correct. They had our mixed up both times.  Staff is friendly and welcoming.
2	Empty glasses came out (with the orange juice caraffe) COMPLETELY dirty. Food leftovers in them and LOTS of it. Very gross. Makes you wonder what the water glasses really looked like that came out pre-filled and just how sanitary everything is that comes out of the dishwasher!Vegetarian eggs benedict was quite blah, toaster muffin was soggy from the get-go. The boys weren't crazy about their meals, they were just ok as well. Nothing special here.I love strong flavors, personally. I season the heck out of my hash at home, but the potatoes really are over kill. I couldn't finish them.Pretty disappointed. Only notable GOOD things were quick seating outside & decent prices.
5	For the hungry, this place serves up the nice sized portion.  For the picky, the food tastes great.  For those who like flexibility, these guys entertain reasonable substitutions!  I just happened by this place on a Saturday morning.  There was a 15-20 minute wait for a table, which can be an annoyance, or it can be an excellent endorsement for patience.  My wife had a four-egg multi-cheese omelette, and tiny as she is, she ate every bit, washing it down with coffee (that was attentively refilled!).  It came with choice of potatoes and a super-delicious muffin.  I had a specialty omelette that was filled with spicy veggies and cheese.  When it came time to kick the spuds to the side, the waitress offered fruit, tomatoes, or fruit and tomatoes!  The fruit was chosen, fresh, sliced, and nicely arranged.  I had the coffee too, and the waitress was never stingy when more creamers were requested.  Such good service.  I can see why this place has people waiting for a seat.This place has the best egg-dish menu I've ever seen.  The price of most dishes is in the $10.00 or less range.  They have plasma TV's strategically placed on walls, so you can watch sports if the conversation crashes.  It's all good. This is the best non-buffet breakfast I've had in Las Vegas.
4	absolutely delicious and worth the wait. i came here a while back and i remember getting the eggs benedict. i seriously remember it and it was like two years ago. i'm definitely going back here on my next vegas trip.
3	Great breakfast here the first time we ate at here, but the second time seemed like the staff was either overworked or very inexperienced.  Our table of 10 didn't have a waitress at it for 10-15 minutes, the food was good though, albeit it that too came out extremely slow.  Overall it was a good experience, but we'll see the if we come here a third time or not...
5	Me and my girl were in Vegas and as usual Yelp really came through. This place has really good breakfast at a very reasonable price. The potatoes were some of the best I've ever tasted. The seasoning they put on them is the bomb! We also tried the spinach mushroom omelet and the chicken tortilla soup. The only complaint was that the soup was way too salty but the omelet was worth the drive out.
5	Now my second favorite breakfast in Las Vegas (Hash House is #1). The place doesn't look like much situated in a rundown strip mall several miles off the strip. I am thrilled we picked this place though, they have earned all their outstanding Yelp reviews. Excellent service and excellent food.
2	This place was a big letdown. I guess b/c I had such a great experience with EGG WORKS their sister place I had put this place on such a high pedestal and they fell off... and no all the kings horses and all the kings men couldnt put this bk together again. ENTREE: my bf got the franciscan scramble. sounded really good and he's a professional order-er. Its amazing to watch him work. Everything he orders always comes out spectacular and the best tasting dish at the table. not me.  I had a the tostada last time and I had really wanted the cobb salad but was torn. So this time cobb salad was my only request. disguisting. COBB: I love cobb salads. This was just plain GROSS. they probably gave me 3-4 lbs of ICEBURG LETTUCE. really? iceburg? gross.  the croutons were the 99 cent croutons with the green specks on it. They gave me 1/4 of an egg... at a a place with the word EGG in it.. i was very disappointed. You'd think theyere 'd be at least a full egg? maybe 2. no.on top of my salad was a lil bit of shredded cheese, and some deli sliced sandwich meat turkey and ham (not even cubes) and the box of sprouts sittong on top of my salad. i ordered blue cheese dressing, they brought me ranch. anything that could go wrong did. 2nd worst meal i've had in las vegas since I've lived here. Maybe its my fault? my fault for ordering anything that wasnt scrambled so early in the morning. I take some responsibility in that I guess. my bf's omelet was delicious. the potatoes were good.. so was his banana nut muffin.. (while my bran muffin was gross) it was just the perfect yin/yang of good vs. evil... , er mavs vs the heat, the cowboys vs the 49ers, egg works vs egg & I... and yes good food vs. bad food. The only reason I gave them 2stars was b/c of the bfs food was 4 stars cancelled out by my zero stars.. to equal 2. :) Here's hoping you gleam something from my review... please do not order a salad at egg & I.
5	On our last morning in Vegas, we decided to have an American breakfast and found Egg and I on Yelp (of course!).I had the pancakes, bacon, and eggs combination (around $7.00) and my friend had the eggs, muffin, and potatoes combination (@ $6.75).  Both were excellent and the vibe here really brightens your day.  The people working are cheery, friendly, and serve your quick and come back when you're not happy.  How do they know when you're not happy?  Well, you turn the egg over to the unhappy face!!! haha.  great customer service!I enjoyed my breakfast here and all the way into the parking lot until Jeff Rose (of Boston, MA) backed into our car and left a dent.  sad face!  We got the car fixed, but so far Jeff has not responded and looks like Jeff's going to bail on paying for an accident that was his fault.Xie Xie!!
5	When I'm in Las Vegas this is my favorite place to have breakfast.  Being a night owl while I'm there playing poker tournaments I usually miss breakfast at most places.  The Egg & I is open until 3 PM and they never turn you away if you are there at or before 2:59 PM.  The potatoes are amazing and my new favorite on the menu is Francisco's Scramble.  They also bring you a full pot of coffee so you don't have to constantly look for your server to fill your cup.
3	This place is egg-cellent if you are looking for an egg-traordinary breakfast that deals with eggs. Even though I am not much of an egg eater, I found it to have a nice balance between the sides and the main egg dish. A little crowded but hey, if you love eggs then try this place out.
5	Been coming here for the past couple of summers, at least twice a week.  Considering that I'm only awake these 'early' hours (the place is only open from 6am to 3pm) a few times a week, that's a fairly high ratio, now that I think about it.Menu items of note:Crazy Chicken - simply a well balanced omeletteEggs Benedict Florentine - not a fan of eggs benedict in general, but I am when I come hereBanana Nut Muffin - this thing might be enough of a reason to come here just by itselfHaole (sp?) loco - on the back page, under the Hawaiian section, it's one of the more fattening things on the menu, but very tasty.Not a fan of their homefries, so I substitute them out with fruit insteadService:The servers are usually quite friendly, helpful, and attentive.Reasons why I come here:This is one of the cheaper and healthier breakfast options in Vegas, yet there is no sacrifice in quality for the food.  Much better than the overrated Hash House a Go Go.  Oh, and if you are coming here for the first time, do yourself a favor and get the darn Banana Nut Muffin.
4	Chicken Skillet ( where is my chicken??) hey seasoning is really good
5	Saw this place on yelp and saw the review and decided to try this place. And guess what, this place is GOOD!! I tried the egg-ception scramble and with fruits and with banana nut muffin! And WOW! the banana nut muffin is so good!! I would definitely come here again! If you ever gonna come here, you gotta try the banana nut muffin!!
5	As we were leaving our hotel one morning I asked the Valet where the best breakfast spot is OFF the strip.  He immediately said the Egg and I.  He gave us directions and this place did not disappoint.  Its about a 10 minute drive from the strip but well worth it.  The portions are large, the service is outstanding and the food is great!  Prior to arriving, I yelped it and saw all the great reviews.  We ordered the Banana nut muffin which was really good.  It was served warm with whipped butter.  Excellent start.We ordered the ultimate skillet and a chile relleno omelet with a side of biscuit and gravy.  When the food came out I was amazed by the sheer size of the skillet.  It was was mound of food all served fresh and hot.  My chili relleno omelet was SOOO DELICIOUS.  It was topped off with melted cheese and a enchilada sauce with minced cilantro.  The omelet was one the best I've ever had.  The ranch potato's were crispy and seasoned well.  My biscuit and gravy was good but I was not really wowed by it.  Our service was great.  The kept our beverage cups full and checked on us without being annoying.  The decor is a little cheesy but it works.  There are TVs on every wall so you can watch the news or ESPN.  Definitely will be back the next time in Vegas.  Its a nice break from all hustle and bustle of the strip.
4	Yummy. I loved everything i got the flapper  with French toast.... YUMMY My boyfriend got the flapper with pancakes. He liked everything except  the pancakes were gummy. The fresh squeezed oj was delicious REASONABLE PRICES!!!!!!
5	rise and shine 702!Thanks for all the wonderful yelp reviews~ I finally had my first experience at Egg & I this past Thursday.My gf & I had breakfast around 11am. It was really crowded but there was only a 10 minute wait.We ordered the croissant sandwich, I had mines with turkey sausage and fruits and she had hers with bacon and potatoes. Service was great, food came out fast. Casual dining, indoor/outdoor seating, private lot. meal for 2 cost around $26. I'll be back for more.Egg & I makes my breakfast in 702 list! If you're looking to get your morning fix, stop by Egg & I! -Miss Yelp 2011
5	Dont be fooled by the exterior! its not your typical VEGAS glitz and glam.. it is a bit off the strip but every bit worth it!!! Both my husband and I had Omelets.. WOW.  absolutely delish! Not skimpy on ingredients at all and piping hot! My husband is a breakfast potato guru and he was FLOORED and in love.We may have to plan our next vegas trip just around this place!- been back time and time again and never disappointed! This place does draw a crowd- a hungover and local crowd so be prepared to wait!
3	The reviews on this place really set the bar high for me.   I was slightly disappointed.  The food is good diner food, but the reviews set me up for something else.  The service was fine and the best part of my meal was the thermos of coffee placed on the table next to me.  Low maintenance food that probably tastes great after a night out on the town...
5	Yum Yum! Great breakfast, great service, homey and friendly. This will be our choice from now on when in Las Vegas.
5	We went here earlier this month not realizing that we'd been to their other Southeastern location in April 2010.  We were thrillled because we loved the food!  The coffee is so good and strong and love anywhere like this that leaves the urn on the table so you don't have wait for refills (I hate that!).I had the Taco Rancheros which was a flour torilla covered with scrambled eggs, seasoned ground beef, refried beans, cheese, sour cream and salsa. I put the fried potatoes on top of it and it was awesome! My boyfriend had the Reuben Sandwich and he loved it.This is one of those places where you get so much food that you don't need to eat again until dinner!
4	It took me a few trips to Egg & I over the years for the place to grow on me. I can finally say I'm officially a fan of this place after discovering their breakfast crepes. Can you say yumThe service is just all right and I always end up with a weirdly small fork compared to the rest of my party, haha. All in all, a great little place for breakfast.
3	Huge portions, quick service, pretty good food, grumpy waitress!The muffin we took to go and ate it on our way back to California, and it was delicious, warm or cold, quality is quality!
5	I went here for breakfast on a recommendation and I will be back every time I'm in Vegas, period. Portion size and price mean very little if the food is not worth talking about. This was breakfast heaven. The wait staff was outstanding (ask for Sam if she's there), the service was prompt, the portions were plentiful, the price was appropriate for the size of the portions and the food was absolutely phenomenal. Get the banana nut muffin whether it's included or not. It was so good, it tasted like a dessert. To add butter or anything else to it would be a crime, it was perfect the way it was. My wife had waffles with strawberries and whipped cream. Typically, she does not eat large portion meals without sliding some of it across the table to me. She polished off the whole thing. I had some kind of special that came with four scrambled eggs mixed with bacon, spinach, mushrooms and loads of cheese and some kind of side of potatoes that was eye-rolling awesome. I've been on this planet for over half a century and I honestly don't remember the last time I had a breakfast that tasted this good from start to finish. According to Sam, everything on the menu can be modified or customized to taste and size. This place is almost a reason to go to Vegas if for no other reason. I highly recommend it.
4	If you are looking for a good food and big portions this is the place to be. Don't forget to order the banana nut muffin, it's very good. Service is okay.
4	Egg-Zactly what you want in a breakfast place only 2 miles off the strip.We got drawn in by the great reviews and the buy one get one free coupon in the current Las Vegas coupon booklets that are in every taxi everywhere so we whipped on over .What SEPARATES the eggs here from other breakfast joints is the foods we tried were prepared with care and were NOT GREASY , YEAH success! and they offer many things that surprise you that are different that you won't see anyplace else also VERY REASONABLY PRICED .No yoke we had the chile Relleno omelet  (a whole green chili stuffed with cheese inside your omelet covered with sauce and cheese) and the chorizo skillet eggs  , both were enough for two people each and both were tasty delish! I picked the house made banana muffin over the toast and it was a really GOOD real banana muffin not a mix .This place cracks me up , they are GOOD eggs!
5	So, after a crazy weekend in Vegas whats the first thing your body needs before you hit the traffic on I -15?  An IV, close... Breakfast.  The Egg & I is not to far off the strip, only about a mile depending on where you stay.  We took the back roads from Caesars and our ETA was about 5 minutes. The coolest thing is their "happy egg, sad egg" stand at the edge of the table.  Whenever you need something like a drink refill, or if you have a problem with anything, just flip the egg from the happy black face to the sad yellow face.  We tested this unique method of customer service and within seconds we had our waitress back at the table asking if we needed anything.  Even without flipping the egg the waitress was very attentive.After you get your drinks the waitress will bring you a fresh baked banana nut muffin.  My buddy thought he was flirting with the waitress, and they totally were, so he made us all thank him graciously for the 2 muffins.  Then after 30 seconds of looking around, you realize everyone gets a muffin.  *Sad egg face Jordan, sorry :^(   But the muffin is warm and delicious.  We had a party of 4 and we all got something different and it was all great.  I got chicken fried steak covered in gravy atop a mound of ranch potatoes with 3 fried eggs on top, and the best part about it was... they CUT it up for you!  This is when I found out I am lazy because you know you're lazy when you get excited about your food coming pre-cut.  The chicken breast was moist and the outside was perfectly crisp, and with every bite the batter unleashed a flurry of flavor.  Mouth watering.  The hype about their ranch potatoes is true.  They are really good and live up to the expectations other yelpers have set fourth.  I haven't had anything quite like them ever before.  My plate also came with a side of fresh seasonal fruit and a biscuit for gravy dunking. The rest of the gang ordered: eggs benedict, the breakfast burrito, and a plain jane 2-egg breakfast with bacon.  All of which was worth the wait on a Sunday morning.5-Stars for the overall experience.  The waitress was cute and friendly even if she didn't give Jordan a muffin because he was "special," their happy egg / sad egg system works well when you need something in a pinch, the superior quality of the food and the prices are great especially after losing a couple G's at the tables in Vegas.
3	The best thing about Egg & I is the seasoning that they put on their potatoes!  It's fantastic!  Large portions, and otherwise pretty tasty breakfast food.  I love that they give you the whole carafe of coffee!
4	Find a 2 for 1 coupon before coming here!  They are in coupon books handed to you the minute you cross the Nevada state line.  For some reason, food tastes better when it's free.First time guests get a free banana nut muffin.  IT WAS AWESOME!!  I even bought an $8 loaf after my breakfast. I had a chicken sandwich and it was just ok.  My girl had a spinach omelet w/ feta cheese (the Kay special) and thought it was just ok.I guess after eating the muffin it was just a slight let-down from there.  At least I enjoyed my loaf for the next couple of days after.  I would come here again and order the pancake stack.  It looked really good.Service is excellent and prices are pretty decent.
2	I really don't understand the hype with this place and why it is so packed. The food is mediocre and the portions are so large that it's unhealthy. The service is also pretty bad. When we arrived the hostess seated us at a  with unraveled silverware and a five dollar bill still sitting on the table. She gave us our menu's and left the money awkwardly sitting there. When we finally got to put in our orders our waitress recommended that we take a half portion of our cheese, egg and veggie skillet breakfast dish and I'm so glad she did. The half portion was like a full portion and I could barely finish it, as it had so much thick sticky cheese on top. Also, the seasoning that they put on the potatoes tastes exactly like Dorritos and I felt like I was eating potato chips (not in a good way). Also I just wanted to note something that happened while were waiting for our food to come. The waitress hastily sat us at a 5 top (it was just my bf and I). A family of 5 came in about 10 minutes after us and she tried to sit them in the table next to us which could not accommodate anymore than 4 people. She grabbed a chair from our table to try and seat them there, but the family was really unhappy, it was especially awkward as we were sitting at the only table that could fit them. She then moved them somewhere to the other side of the room. I saw the family leave a few minutes later out of frustration. The food is really just standard fare, nothing to write home about. On top of that it's incredibly unhealthy. I understand that Vegas has very little breakfast joints, but I would rather make my own omelet at home. Your health will be better for it.
4	Banana Nut Muffin. Nomnom-erificMy husband likes to eat off of the Strip bc he thinks we can find better eats for the price.  He found this on Yelp (of course) and it's a hearty classic American breakfast diner.  They found seating for us right away and with a baby in a stroller even the Manager was involved in making sure our seating was to our liking.  The Waitress was kind and knowledgable.  I asked for Chocolate Milk w/ 1/2 regular Milk and she brought my drink made exactly as I ordered and wanted.  We went with both sets of parents and everyone was pretty satisfied.  Don't know what we ordered.  Either way the food was good and we left fully and happy.  :)  Would probably go here again.
5	LOVE this place! My friend turned me on to this "off-strip" gem on my bday.Great menu, fast service and fairly cheap prices. LARGE portions so maybe split your breakfasts!
4	Great breakfast stop! The most delicious banana nut muffin I have ever had the pleasure of eating! I have to agree with some of the other reviewers who suggest that when dining here with company it would be wise to split dishes as the portion sizes are very generous! I ordered the Hobo scramble which was a special and not available on the regular menu. I am sucker for a scramble however the superior quality of the muffin has convinced me to sample the sweeter items (waffles) on the menu the next time I visit this place. Lots of people rave about the potatoes and I have to say that they were not what I personally am looking for in a potato. They are covered in seasoning and I just prefer a simpler potato flavor. The coffee was great and I cannot say that about many places! Here it is a good strength with a good flavor and it comes in cute mug with two happy eggs on it! Probably my favorite thing about this place is the little egg sign at your table that you can flip from happy to sad when you are in need of something. It beats having to pay close attention to flag down your waiter whenever they walk by. On our visit we didn't even have to use it because the service was so good!
5	My favorite breakfast place in all of Las Vegas. The staff is amazingly friendly and efficient and the food is off the hook!  Try their omlette-crepe combos for a treat you can't get anywhere else.  So fun.
4	This place never gets old..lunch, brunch, or breakfast--it's eggcellent! I used to get the steak and eggs here but since my transition, I have opted for the veggie skillet, yogurt, or tuna melt! I came here with my guy and got that skillet with over easy eggs, bran muffin, and a side of coffee for lunch and it was goooood. The guy got the usual: steak and eggs and off course he loved it. The quality of food is pretty consistent here. I wish I could say the same with the staff though. Not so much quality but we've been coming here for years and there seems to be constant turnovers so service has it's inconsistencies. But sometimes the food make up for it!
4	Despite their glaring lack of proper grammar (Although Egg & Me doesn't really have that ring) I usually try to make it a point to stop by Egg & I...  usually on Sunday mornings nursing the hangover from Saturday's celebrations.In the four or five times that I've frequented this establishment, I've noticed several things:1.  Many of the female servers are quite attractive and helpful.2.  The male servers that I've had have all been invariably incompetent, rude and sometimes a combination of both.3.  For the price, (Bouchon's $18 version is slightly better) the corned beef hash is the best I've had in any restaurant.  The first time I came here, I tried it, and I don't think I've ever ordered anything else.Beyond that, the owner/manager lady provides a stalwart presence at the cash register with that unique mix of friendly/surly grandmotherliness that only American women in their 60's can truly evince.
4	Prime rib Benny! beeeeeennnnnyy... benny and the jets... ha...ok, for reals tho - the GRUB:- check out my pics, my wife got the stuffed french toast with eggs and bacon, french toast, powdered sugar, and maple syrup - like the kitchen sink of breakfasts all in one bite... pretty good.- also pictured, i got the Prime Rib Benny - ala the meaty blackened spice prime rib, poached eggs, holandaise sauce, on top of an open faced buttered croissant like a traditional eggs benedict - but kicked upped... super filling and super delicious- fresh squeezed OJ and hot cups of Joethe JOINT:- typical vegas locals crowd, a little bit of everyone- old school decor on the inside (like a country kitchen)- outside patio seating if not a scorcher of a desert day- they had an LCD with local sports and AC toothe SQUEEZE:- breakfasts are always too expensive to me, so im a little jaded... but anyways, those 2 dishes and fresh squeezed OJ = approx $50 after tax and tip- friendly wait staff and hostess- plenty of parking in the strip mall- vegas blvd (the strip) closeFINAL SAY:pretty good change up for breakfast, if youre starting to get tired of those casino buffet champagne brunches/breakfasts...
4	A Vegas staple A MUST you have 2 come here 4 Breakfast come early if possible b/c their will be a wait!
5	This is the best hangover breakfast spot in all of Vega$$! The following reasons will state "how come:"BIG MENUHUGE PORTIONSDELICIOUSLY GREASY PORK PRODUCTSFRIENDLY STAFFEXTREMELY INEXPENSIVECLOSE TO FREEWAYJust go already!
4	Highlights: Their banana nut muffins and kay's special omelette were excellent!  full of flavor and large portions. The prices were reasonable, expect $8-$13 for most dishers.Coffee was bleh, but my friends enjoyed their O.J. with pulp.While the service crew were very friendly and helpful, I did see some flaws:When coffee was served, we weren't given creamer or teaspoons. We had to wait about 30 minutes for our food after ordering. Plus, I witnessed one of the waiters spill ice cold water on a customer. Yikes!Food: 4Service: 3
5	This place is great!!! The Staff is friendlyThe food portions are perfectThe prices are spot onMust try!!!
5	I love the place but the water is horrible! Which in turn makes the coffee terrible. Please EGG & I, do something about the water. It's really really bad! However the food is the best in vegas! I will just have to drink orange juice until you fix it I guess.
4	This place is great on a early morning on ur day off everything is soo good even their coffee i love the southern eggs with sausage gravy its so delicious!....But is it just me n the hubby but we think the diced potatoes are soo salty !! =|  .....portions are great!, food is awsome!. fast service A+ ....ooo ya but there seems to be these young girls as host all the time i go and their face always looks like they smelled a bad odor....my thing is your the first thing i see when i walk into your establishment ...because of faithful and new patrons you are able to thrive and grow....least u could do is fake a smile for the 8 hrs of ur shift....I work in the hotel business when a guest walks into my workplace i make sure to make the guest feel welcome.....customer service 101....im just sayin biggest pet peeve ever.....If your so miserable call in and stay home.Only negative thing i have to say...but after u get by the yuck faces its all amazing from there....PS: bin here 4 times cant say u were having a bad day.
2	Okay. Food and service used to be better.Ordered buckwheat pancakes this morning.  When the cakes arrived they looked much lighter than normal.  Sent the cakes back thinking they were wheat instead of buckwheat.Waitress returned with order of cakes saying the restaurant had changed the batter.  Now the cakes are cold.  Taste was not bad, but not as good as the original buckwheat pancakes.  Disappointing. The waitress did not ask how we liked the "new and improved" version.
3	I'm ready for brunch now. :) The banana nut muffin was amazing though. Especially with butter. mmm...
3	Okay, went to this place on a friend's recommendation, who grew up in LV.  Easy location just west of the strip. Went on a Wednesday morning, got seated right away. IMHO, nothing special. Got an egg white veggie omelet.  Pretty plain, though I saved it with ketchup!  Was going to get the stuffed French Toast, but I love a good omelet.  Just okay here.  Home-style potatoes were good, though they tasted like they had been sitting in the warmer instead of freshly made. Not really large portions.  I did enjoy the banana nut muffin and got one to go.  A friend had huevos rancheros and he really liked it. Would I go back?  I doubt it.  Too many places in Vegas that have better service and better food.  Maybe the lunch is better. Maybe if I were a meat eater.  Maybe it was just a bad day.  Oh well.  But for me, if you want a place that has better ambience, HUGE portions and a menu that is like a book, go to Hash Hash A Go-Go.
4	This place is great.  Yep, line out the door on Sunday morning but well worth the fairly short wait.  Service was fantastic.  The employees all seem to be very happy, very busy, and very willing to help.Prices are very reasonable. Most importantly, the food is very good with very generous portions.Oh, and I almost forgot!  Banana Nut Muffins!!!
5	Ate here while in LV on business and was blown away. Had time in the morning, so decided to get off the strip, and found this gem. Got the Mexican Eggs Benedict, and it couldn't have been any better. And their potatoes are the best I have ever had.  I wish this place was in Indy!!
3	This is a nice place to take the family to eat the food is nothing special there price range is alright but they seem to always have so many people there and there staff cant handle it they might forget some stuff.
4	This was the second time eating here when I'm in town.   I'm usually in Vegas for work once a year and this spot is on my way to the convention center.  Service is always nice and friendly without being overbearing.  I ordered the Blackened Prime Rib eggs Benedict with the home fries.  The eggs were poached perfectly and the Prime Rib was flavorful.  I love Hollandaise sauce, and while this is not the best out there, it was pretty decent.  The home fries were a little bland, but I do like the touch of adding some red bell peppers and spinach along with the prime rib.  It adds a nice bit of sweetness to the dish.  I'm sure I will be back again next year.
4	Come HUNGRY.  Seriously, you will get more food than you can handle.  The place is packed so plan on waiting.  The skillet breakfasts are delish.  I had the chicken, mushroom & broccoli skillet but also tried the country fried steak.  The banana nut muffin that comes with most dishes is also quite very moist and tasty.  No alcohol so one ding for that, but otherwise, a very good place to get your grub on.
4	This is currently my favorite place for breakfast in town and I have a feeling it will stay that way! They have a huge menu and I want to come back many times to try all of the tasty-looking options.I had a gigantic omelet full of avocado and bacon. It doesn't get any richer or more fattening than that but it's okay because there's no way I could have finished that thing (despite its yumminess). My husband got this ridiculous stuffed French toast monstrosity- stuffed not with marscapone cheese, or some fruity filling, or whatever else you'd expect French toast to be stuffed with, but with eggs and sausage! It was hugely filling but delicious.They have good coffee, too, and the prices are right, and the heavily seasoned potatoes are probably loaded with sodium but who cares because they're delicious.
5	Mmmm, mmmm gewd!  Wake up before you get here.  Drink some caffeine, ride with the windows down, stick your head out the window with your tongue in the wind.  Come ready to read & eat because you have a massive book of a menu to study before making a tasty decision, which you really can't go wrong.  Everything is very good, but very different with generous blends of ingredients.  Def not your normal boring breakfast foods.So, if you're not awake and not ready to study the menu, use the random decision making method by closing your eyes before opening the menu to a any page and ordering the first item your finger lands upon.You always have the choice of warm, fresh banana nut muffin or toast.  Let me repeat -- warm, fresh banana nut muffin, ahhhhh.  Just about everything on the menu is served with their yummilicious ranch style potatoes.My favorite thing here is the Pesto Scramble (4 eggs scrambled with sliced chicken, pesto, tomatoes, spinach, and feta cheese.)  My other favorite is when they have the Country Potato Soup special, which is a creamy potato soup topped with lots of chives and some bacon.   It's not a regular menu item. The wait staff is consistently great.  Prices are great and portions are generous.  If you come on a weekend day come early or call first.  Sometimes there is quite a wait to be seated during late morning.
4	This is a great place to try right before you leave for your drive home. Definitely off the beaten path and away from the strip. Went on a crowded Sunday morning.  They sat us very fast on the patio.  Our food arrived equally fast. I would have given it five stars, but our waitress wasn't the best.  She was bussing our table and actually did the finger wave for me to hand her my plate across the table.  I know, I know, is it really worth taking a star off? But yes! I was a waitress for years and that's just a big no no.
4	I think it's hard to find a breakfast place that truly stands out, at least a cheap one. This breakfast place, I will remember and even recommend.I had the banana bread French toast AND it was pretty damn good. Mind you that there were sooooooo many things on the menu I wanted to try.The other people in my "party" had the:biscuits and gravy - "this is legit" was the comment from the southern galCinnamon raisin French toast - "mmm, this is good"Seasoned potatoes - I kept eating it off my friend's plate. I actually don't remember what my dad got but he didn't say "junk" so that is a good thing.Good service. Eh coffee.
2	Writing this review makes me feel like an old man because all I am going to do is complain about how salty my meal was.  I had the chicken fried steak skillet.  The dish consisted of eggs over medium over a layer of sliced chicken fried steak on top of a layer of potatoes all smothered with a coat of gravy. I love greasy and unhealthy foods in general but I am starting to think that my taste buds are slowly changing.  The meat was dry and salty.  I had to continually dip the chicken in the gravy to get some moisture and to mask the salt away.  The potatoes were even worse.  They were doused with a heavy coat of seasoning salt.   I considered wiping each piece of potato with my napkin so that they would be edible.I drank a lot of water that day.I do want to mention, however, that service was nice and my wife enjoyed her huevos rancheros.Ohhhhh... Banana nut muffin was quite good.  It was moist but not very fluffy.    My new old man self suspects that something not too healthy was used to get it that moist.  Sometimes not knowing for sure about something like this is better.
5	Places like this is when I appreciate my iphone and the yelp app the most.Was in Vegas and wanted some breakfast that doesn't come with the word "Buffet" attached to it. Looked up on Yelp and found this little gem.It's around a 10minute drive from the Strip, without traffic of course.I ordered the Crazy Chicken omelet with the muffin. They leave the whole carafe of coffee on your table, saving yourself from waving down a waiter(ess) every time you want a refill.The omelet itself was very tasty, the muffin, while not as heavenly as some others claim, was indeed very moist and tasty and worth a try. The potato that came was what made my day. The fried squared shaped potato was crispy on the outside, but still mushy on the inside! Such a delight!If I find myself in Vegas some other day, I'll definitely come back again!Try to be here before 9am on the weekend, the waiting list was long by the time we arrived at 10am on the Saturday we visited.
5	When they have a 30 minute wait at 9am on a Thursday, they must be doing something right.  I got one of the skillets with chorizo.  I honestly don't remember which one because I was in a food coma when I left.  I will for sure get comatose there again soon I hope.
4	This place was absolutely adorable : )The service was very quick & friendly, food was reasonably priced and delicious!I had to bring home an Egg & I mug
4	I haven't been to an Egg & I/Egg Works since I was in Arizona back in '07.  I love this place!!   It's one of those bfast places where there are mugs on the table and the server brings you a giant pot of coffee and leaves it with you at your disposal.  There were different types of pre-packaged cream and sugars, including hot sauces, ketchup, and a little egg sign which you can flip over if you need servicing.  Not as ingenious as the button at Korean bbq places, but it works!Most entrees come with a side of toast or homemade banana nut muffin.  I'm not a big fan of banana nut but my god, theirs is just divine. Spongey, soft, moist, slightly sweet and with just the perfect flavor of fresh banana flavor and a little hint of crunch from the nuts.  The nuts aren't bitter either, as some walnuts can be and it was just pure perfection.BH and I went a little buckwild (as we always do) and we ordered three dishes: eggs benedict florentine, a half order of corned beef hash, and the stuffed french toast with eggs and bacon.  The benedict was awesome and was smothered in creamy hollandaise sauce.  The eggs were soft and runny but the English muffin was still crispy and chewy.  The stuffed french toast was pretty good.  BH gobbled up the entire plate whereas I had just a bite or two.  I thought there was too much egg and not enough bacon, but BH told me it was great with maple syrup.  I like sweet meats and breads, but I haven't gotten accustomed to sweet scrambled eggs yet, so I never tried it dipped in sticky sweet maple. Finally, the corned beef hash was very fresh and I could definitely tell it was homemade and not from a can.  The chunks of potato were creamy and starchy while the chunks of meat were flavorful, salty, and a little reminiscent of dog food (but in a good way).  The over easy egg on top made it even more delectable.Finally, one of the best parts of the meal, besides the banana nut muffin, were their ranch potatoes.  They are roasted to a perfect crunch and seasoned with some sort of red powder - possibly paprika for a bit of smokiness?  They were so damn good, that even past my stuffing point, I kept stabbing at the potatoes so I could get every last bit in my mouth.  Needless to say, BH  and I were nearly bursting by the time we left Egg & I.  I call that a sign of good breakfast and a good start to a day.
3	Didn't care for the blackened prime rib benny.  The meat was diced & the red peppers made it sour :(
3	Went to the Egg and I today with my family! I am delighted that they have wifi here! It is very convenient. :) I think the dishes are a bit pricey and so I ordered the side dishes in the back of the menu such as the bagel with sour cream, ranch potatoes, and two eggs! The atmosphere in the place is lively and comfy. The servers seem friendly and the music in the background is decent. After finishing my food, I thought the bagel was okay, I could find better at Winco! :P The ranch potatoes did indeed taste like ranch, but I am not a fan of it! Also the eggs were fine! I just love eggs. Overall the taste of the food was just okay. Nothing spectacular about the place.
2	It's ok but expensive for what it is.  Food is good. Service is great.  Had better breakfast off the strip.
4	Stopped here on our way out of Vegas. We were looking for a tasty breakfast spot and we definitely found it. The portions were generous, the coffee was just right, and the flavors were spot on (with the exception of the potatoes- they were great at first but as the meal went on the saltiness took over. I will say our server was exceptional, she was attentive without being pushy and was genuinely pleasant. I would recommend this place for a good homey meal away from the strip.
5	Wish you were so much closer to me! Better yet no I don't I would totally gain 20 pds by you lol! Love this home fashioned yet unique breakfast joint! I will make a stop here everytime for at least one breakfast if in the area.  Here is what I ordered:MEXICAN OMELETTEChorizo* sausage, green chilies, diced onion, and melted cheeses.Covered with salsa and sour cream. About 10 bucks and two biscuits on the side.I don't know what they put in their seasonings but Y-U-M-M-Y!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I usually never finish a plate that has such huge portions but I gobbled this one all the way! And yup they have MILITARY Discount!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Their menu is full of things I am just dying to try in the future! We got here about 11:30 and only waited about 5 minutes before seating. Breakfast is served until 3:00 for all the late nighters! MMM..MMM.....Good!
3	We are tourists (Vegas) and found this place via Yelp. Thank's yelper's ..... keep yelping!If I was a 300# football player I could have finished my meal. The food was good but a bit to plentiful for our tastes. I liked the happy / sad face egg flippable sign to alert the serving staff of service status.The most impressive attribute I found was the staff seemed so happy, positive and upbeat! Judging from the level of activity, this place does a great deal of business and I wish them the best. For some constructive criticism ..... investing in some better quality flatware will elevate the perception of quality and will do much in justifying the relatively high prices.
5	Great service, great food, great price; this place is THE place for breakfast... Only comment is that the potatoes were a bit salty for my taste, but substitutions were readily available.We went three of the five days in Vegas, will definitely go again.
5	Really good food, super fast service!
5	Loved it! Awesome waiter, service and food. Big portions for great price. Yummy food. I got chile relleno omelet. Oh and I got to use a coupon buy one get one free. I got the coupon from this lil book all cabs carry
5	Best breakfast place i have ever been to! We experienced great service , and good food.Ou waitress was super nice. I love chille rellenos, so i had to try their chille relleno omelet. OMG BOMB lol it was so good. i had to try their banana bread  muffin it was good! i live in cali ,but travel to vegas a lot. Every time we are out in vegas this will be our go to place for breakfast!
5	Oh my god breakfast for four. This turned out to be enough for lunch too. I would recommend this place anytime.
4	Definitely one of my fave breakfast place in town. I used to get the steak and eggs before I turned Pesco-veggie, and it was gooood. My bf and I grabbed breakfast here a couple days ago and I just had two over easy eggs, wheat toast, and blueberry muffin. Muffin is always moist here and it's served warm so butter is a must. My bf got the steak n eggs with ranch potatoes and said he still loves it. Ranch potatoes are always flavorful here. I also suggest the tuna melt here--delicious. Service is good, we're so used to coming here so we don't mind the inconsistencies they have with their service. Although it would've been great if they wouldnt have alot of turnovers with their staff. It was great coming in here and the staff knew our names. But ever since the turnover we don't know anyone anymore except the host lady. Once again, food makes up for it so we shall be back regardless.
5	My wife and I had discovered Egg and I 18 months ago when we decided to have breakfast after a late night out away from the Vegas strip. After reading all the good reviews on Yelp..we decided to try this place..and we love it so much that we have breakfast here everytime we come to Vegas from San Francisco - Bay Area. We have tried several breakfast places on the Vegas strip and it does not even come close to the service, price, and quality of food at Egg and I.  The Banana Nut Muffin is a MUST try!!!
3	I normally like this place, but I was just a little disappointed with my last visit. I came here with Don, but I really wasn't very hungry, so I just ordered a cream cheese danish. Don ordered some sort of potato soup and a tuna salad sandwich. His meal was pretty good, especially the very hearty soup. However, my danish was very floppy and seemed kind of soggy. I could completely fold it taco style because it had no "crisp" to it at all (http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/dk70gFzNfCOjgd3aN7N0_w/l.jpg). I'd normally give this place 4 stars, but I have to dock off a star because of the danish. I would think a danish would be pretty simple. Everywhere I go, they're all the same, but Egg & I managed to make a pretty bad one.
5	Bacon and avocado!!This place is fantastic.WARNING: It is usually busy. While the staff does a great job of managing their tables and seating, expect to wait. It is just that popular.
5	This local hot spot takes pride in scratch made food. Ive been eating here for a decade & am happy to say they have added several new locations. Im addicted to Brad's cincy chili. Its beanless, sweet, smokey, & mouth watering delicious. I always have the 4-way, noodles, chili, cheese & onions. 5-way adds beans. I do not like kidney beans & dont like them forced into my chili. This dish is enormous & inexpensive. This dish is made with love, plain & simple. The entire staff is always welcoming. They know how to treat their regulars & irregulars.They have a prime rib benedict, health conscious items. When i eat there i am far from health conscious. i am down right unconscious & barbareick. They never laugh or stare when i have a couple entrees going at once. What can I say, options are hard cause there are so many good ones.
5	Never in my life have I ever eaten a banana nut muffin that made me want to kill a unicorn so that it may get a leg up in the race of All Things Magical.Godspeed, oh glorious muffin!
5	We love having breakfast here every time we're in Vegas. I love the Asian breakfast selection that they have on a separate sheet. I always get the spam and eggs. It comes with white sticky rice. Yum! Reminds me of home. I have had the Brad's Very Special but it's not my favorite. My hubby and brother in law always get either the Mexican Omelette or the Francisco's Scramble. We love this place. It gets very busy during peak hours  so get there before 9am. But, it's a pretty big place and it has a huge patio. So, we never have a long wait. If you want a great breakfast head over here. This is also our favorite location. They have really good service here. The Egg Works is not as good as this location.
3	This place was pretty good.  I know others have given it 5 stars but I only tried it once and had the corn beef and hash it was good, different then I'm use to.  I wouldn't reorder it however.  Its not like its from a can or anything, its shredded ham and the flavor is different then what I believe Hash should taste like  The Banana Nut muffin was pretty good, but again I have had better.  The servers are nice and the place is adorable.  However if you want your Socks knocked of for breakfast go to the Hash House A Go Go, its a little further West up Sahara and on the right.  That place has the best breakfast I have ever had.Overall I must say Egg & I is a good place.  A  decent breakfast, however for egg critiques take a look at the pictures, unless you order an eggs Benny they over cook most of there eggs.
4	At first it looks just like a local non-special restaurant... It turns that the food was great and fairly priced (I had a pork carnitas ranchero). It was quick and the service was satisfactory.
2	Good food but left hungry. Cin. Raisin French toast, scrambled eggs, and bacon. Banana nut muffin was more like a banana bran muffin.
3	This place could get really crowded!Why only 3 Stars?1st star - originality of the place: the seating arrangement is really unique. the center dinning area is high up and the side dinning area is ground level. 2st star - menu has a ton of choices! a lot of different ways to serve egg for breakfast and more: burgers, salad, sandwiches, and steaks. 3rd star - service is good even though they could get so busy each server was alert and ready to serve customers who need help. Also, they have this EGG SIGN on each table where you put the WEIRD EGG FACE if you need service lol Food was okay, but I totally blamed my self for ordering my egg wrong. Apparently, I could order my egg "scrambled easy" so it won't be so dry. Oh well, there is always next time. Definitely will come back to try more of their stuff and of course! update my review for my fellow yelpers.
5	Someone call 911, because I'm in a food coma over the Banana Bread French Toast. It should be illegal its so good. I'm guessing that batter frying slices of Banana Bread is only legal in Vegas. Lots of other goodies on the menu. My wife got a savory crepe that was delicious with a side of their seasoned potatoes that you don't want to stop eating. Escape from the strip and go here for breakfast if you are in town. It was so good, I went twice during our stay. Service was good. Everyone is attentive and mostly smiling (which is rare to find). They give you your own pot of coffee which is a huge plus in my book.
5	Had the chile relleno omelette and it was amazing. Also had the banana pancakes which were good but probably would have been better if I didn't choose the healthier buckwheat option.
2	Not a good place. Potatoes taste like barbecue potato chips, way to salty. Benedict was watery. Straberry French toast was good but that's it Not sure why the place is highly reviewed.
4	My family loves The Egg and I!  We visit Vegas several times a year and have breakfast there at least once per trip.  The service is friendly, efficient, and fast.  The food is delicious.  We highly recommend the Fiesta Skillet (add chorizo) and the warm Banana Nut Muffin with some butter on it is to die for.  It's a small place, expect a wait, especially on weekends.
5	I was here on Sunday 2/12/12. OMG let me say I'm so glad I got the blackened prime rib benedict. Rich, oh yeah, but I've never seen an offering like this on any type of breakfast menu. Who cares about the seating being a little bit tight (there was plenty of seating outdoors BTW) when the food is so good. It's a vacation after all :)    large portions, so worth the $. Wish I had at least tasted my niece Amaya's muffin, as I also heard other customer's rave's as I was exiting. Definite return next trip!
2	Food is pretty average. Service is spotty at best. There are 2 girls working the front counter. One blond who was really stand-offish and borderline rude when I approached the front...I was standing there for nearly 1 minute wondering how to get on the list, when the other one, the brunette came by and asked the blond to put my name on the list. All this time, the blond was just standing around, twirling her hair. The brunette was friendly and made sure my name was on the list. The rude blond really did not care...wonder how many potential customers she has driven away already. So, I wont visit again, just due to the rude way in which I was treated at the beginning
5	Delicious! Great variety of breakfast dishes. From different benedicts to a variety of scrambles and omelets. Also non egg dishes like french toast and burgers and sandwiches. Have the country potatoes, they're seasoned and cut into perfect bite sizes. Well worth the 20 minute wait
3	I really love breakfast/ brunch places! I like the seasoning on the potatoes and fries!Sometimes it is nice to eat at a place that is off the strip
4	Looking for breakfast outside the strip! Look no more. This place has it all. Most importantly than the food, COFFEE is really good too. Don't get overwhelm by the the line of people waiting, it go by fast and in the meantime you can read their newspaper menu. It has variety of assortments! We loved their banana nut muffin. Enjoy!
5	At the behest of a good friend (who has great taste in food), our group headed out here for breakfast.Upon entering, I was completely taken to a different place, away from all the lights, sounds of Las Vegas.  I felt like I was almost at home. From the greeters, to the servers, service was awesome.  Served with a smile and genuine people, I was more than happy here.And the food...oh...so tasty.  I had a prime rib skillet, which was freaking huge. I absolutely enjoyed my meal (the potatoes....SO GOOD), although I have to admit I think my friend's country steak stole the show, and I will be ordering that next time.And there will be a next time :D
5	OMG their banana bread is delicious!
5	Great breakfast!!!! Rented a car in Las Vegas and decided to getaway from the strip for breakfast. Found this place on yelp and had great reviews. So glad we did!!! John was an awesome server and loved the table egg flip card if you need anything :) great idea!!!!! Best pancakes and he even gave us a bowl of blueberries and whip cream if we wanted it. Yum!!!! Great food, prices, service and worth the trip!!!! Can't wait to go back.
4	Had breakfast yesterday, 20 minute wait, this place is always busy on Saturday mornings and it was no different on this visit. Prompt beverage order and delivery. Had the Cincy chili omelet, was good again. The Banana Nut muffin is the best-hands down. We had one issue with an omelet and this was quickly resolved by our server.
4	Searching Yelp for breakfast restaurants, I found Egg & I. With four star reviews and excellent quick tips, I had to try it. Arriving around 10:30am, the place is packed (which is always a good sign), yet there was only a 10min wait. Very friendly staff and waiters/waitresses. I got the Kay's Omelet (w/added Chicken). I was offered the choice of toast or banana nut muffin. I went with traditional toast. The omelet is simply the best I've ever had. It had the perfect combination of spinach, artichoke hearts, tomatoes and topped with feta cheese. BrilliantNow, to the matter of the toast. Fortunately, one of my companions ordered the banana nut muffin. Even more fortunate, she offered to share. Not an over powering banana taste, more of a whole grain taste, yet just nutty enough, with a hint of chocolate bitterness. While I loved my experience, I can't give five stars, as some in my party were not as happy with their dishes as I was with mine. I do look forward to trying more from the menu very soon.
4	The banana nut muffin looks like a mushroom.  The muffin top is so big it just falls right over!  But that being said it's moist and warm and delicious.  I was brought here because I wanted breakfast food at 12PM and the omelettes were mouthwatering and the those homefries were something else!  I've never had homefries that were so crispy before....they probably deep fry them.  But deep fried anything is great usually.  Service is great too.  They have a system similar to what you would find at Bubba Gump's where you flip the egg to get the wait staff's attention.
5	Great breakfast spot. I would recommend the Kay's Special omelet and the banana muffin definitely my go to at this place.
5	Pancakes are moist, fluffy, and delicious! The menu said they serve small pancakes but when I got my order it was almost as big as the plate :)Sausage links amazing too!I ordered orange juice which is freshly squeezed = YUMMY!!
3	My husband got the Lag Egg Crepe, and I got the chicken fried steak. My chicken fried steak was too salty and the country gravy itself was too salty too. I felt that I got overdosed with the salt after I've finished only one third of the chicken fried steak. I had my egg scrambled, and the egg didn't taste good, seems like they put white pepper in it and I don't like white pepper. So I was done with the egg with only one bite.My husband said the egg crepe was interesting enough that he liked it, while it was also too heavy for him as it's made with 4 eggs.The meal was okay, could be better though. We can get better chicken fried steak (with the right saltiness) at the other diner in town, so probably won't order chicken fried steak ever again at Egg & I. I think the best item of the meal was the banana nut muffin, which was only a side that came with the entree.Our server was very nice though.We don't know if we would come back again........just because we are not attracted to other menu items so much while we know we are not gonna order chicken fried steak here again.
5	Corn beef hash from scratch is the ish
3	I don't recommend the steak & eggs.  Tell them it's your first time and they will  give you s free banana bread muffins.  It is so good.
5	TASTY!!  We went here twice for brunch during our 3-day vacation.  On the first day I got the ultimate skillet (no cheese) with Portuguese sausage instead of regular sausage (reminded me of Hawaii).  It had bacon, sausage, peppers, ranch potatoes and other deliciousness topped with 2 eggs over easy.   Super great! Also, the server gave me an ice tea to take with me.  The service was pretty good - it was packed but it seems the staff actually pays attention to the system of "frowny egg"/ "happy egg" because when we put the frowny egg on for more coffee, people came immediately.  The second day I got the prime rib benedict but with guacamole instead of hollandaise sauce.  That was awesome!  They were actually too generous with the guac and I had to leave some behind on my skillet.  Service was again pretty good, but we got the same waiter who remembered us.  Everyone else at the table was also very pleased with their meals.  Can't wait to return on future Vegas trips.
5	This great breakfast place is across the street from me, so I've eaten there many times. I actually go by there a couple times a month just to pick up their famous banana muffins, which my son devours!I've ordered their oatmeal, their scrambles, their wonderful blueberry pancakes that they make with multi-grain (or was it whole wheat?). I'm not sure if I ever ordered anything that wasn't good.Their service has been great so far. They have that nifty system of turning your egg sign on your table if you need service. I'd have to say their wait staff has always been efficient and attentive.We often frequent Egg Works, Cracked Egg, I'm not sure if it's all owned by the same company. Their menus are slightly different, some serve coffee cakes, some serve muffins. You can't really miss with either one, they are all delicious.Highly recommend for your family-friendly casual breakfast/brunch. Beware like many great breakfast places, the weekends get pretty busy, especially Sunday during the church rush. Definitely worth it :)
5	Another local find. Lots of regulars. Friendly attentive staff. We ordered the half skillet and french toast. Both were tasty. It is nice to be able to half an order because sometimes you just aren't that hungry so I really appreciated that I was able to finish my plate. Coffee was good as well as the fresh juice.Plan to eat there again and will definitely try their other locations.
5	I was glad that I only ordered a half serving of Ultimate Skillet - because the serving was GENEROUS!!!!! Ultimate Skillet was definitely a classic and very satisfying - A flavorful combination of sausage, ham, bacon, mushroom, onions, tomatoes, spinach and bell pepper, topped with a perfectly poached egg. Ohhh.... and that's not the end of it! All order came with a banana nut muffin that was moist and soft.......Yummmmmmmmmm...... definitely worth the wait!
4	we were in vegas this past weekend for a very short trip. of course there are bazillion places to eat on the strip, but i wanted to check out some place off strip, to get away from the craziness of driving in bumper to bumper traffic, waiting for tons of people to cross the streets and then to wait to eat. Egg & I is located off strip, east of the 15 off of the sahara exit. its located in a strip mall with plenty of parking. there is indoor and outdoor seating. there were a few people waiting when we arrived but we were quickly seated. the place was full with a few tables empty. we were expecting to wait but it was already about 10AM by the time we went. i ordered the strawberry and cream french toast which was thick slices of soft french toast with a strawberry whipped cream cheese and strawberry preserves on top. it was pretty good. i liked that it wasnt too sweet like most french toast/waffles with fruit toppings at other restaurants.the bf ordered the fiesta skillet with chorizo. it had green chili, onions and salsa. i thought it was gonna be sausage type of chorizo but it was the ground kind. if you've ever cooked or bought it at the market you know what im talking about. when you cook it, it pretty much just melts. so the skillet was as if it had chili on top. it was pretty heavy and greasy. i could probably do without the chorizo next time.the bfs bro ordered the country fried steak skillet. this had chopped chunks of country fried steak with their homestyle potatoes and eggs with white gravy on top. it was pretty good. it tasted just like a regular country fried steak plate but all chopped up for you, if you dont mind your food touching (i know some people who dont, like my 5 yr old nephew...).bfs bro's fiance ordered the stuffed french toast. this was two pieces of their thick sliced fluffy french toast with an omelet in between. the eggs had lots of bits of bacon in it which made it tasty but it was pretty firm. i felt like it was over cooked. maybe it was all the cheese. it tasted good though. it tasted good with either the syrup and/or ketchup. sweet or savory, whichever you prefer. we had also had a side of the banana nut muffin, which was pretty good. it was large on top. it wasnt too sweet which was nice. it came out moist and warm. yum!the service was good. everyone was pretty friendly and the food came out fast. we had ordered coffee and they gave us a pitcher of coffee. they take credit card but you have to show your ID and pay at the front.
3	Large portions [especially the "work potatoes"]. We were told ten minute wait and it was about right [Sunday mid-morning].  If you put you name in, ask to see the menu - it is extensive.The eggs are offered up to four (4) per plate, so you'll not go hungry.  Service is about what you'd expect from a busy place.  Can't go higher on the stars for what amounts to a large plate more than half covered with potatoes, and the eggs fixed as you usually get eggs in a restaurant.
5	Another breakfast place serving up obscenely huge, greasy portions of artery-clogging nonsense. However, they do some good healthy choice options on the menu that are fan-fuckin'-tastic! The food quality is excellent and they have a patio for al fresco dining...although the patio faces out onto West Sahara Ave, an insanely busy thoroughfare clogged with carcinogen-belching traffic. So maybe not the BEST place to sit outdoors.When considering breakfast spots on the West side, it's between this, the Coffee Pub (better alfresco dining atmo) and the Omelet House kitschier, retro vibe). All three are great, though.
4	Located "off of the strip" in a plaza, The Egg and I is definitely a local's haven. We only discovered it since our hotel (The Artisan) was nearby and we used our Yelp app to find the closet breakfast place that wasn't a buffet (by day 3 of buffet hopping, I needed major portion control).Even though it was Mother's Day and the line was out the door, this tiny restaurant somehow managed to get everyone seated quickly and keep diners moving through the door. The menu was quite extensive for breakfast with everything from stuffed french toast to eggs benedict to the infamous breakfast burrito. I tried the eggs benedict, which came with ranch potatoes and a huge portion of fruit. The orange juice was the best part though, it tasted like it was just squeezed in the kitchen.Highly recommended if you are staying "off the strip," in Downtown Vegas or if you are on your way out of town!
5	Sin City is the playground for to-be-brides, burned-out college students, and exotic dancers galore.  But with the bright lights and a full schedule of gambling, shopping, and drinking you definitely need to start your day right with the most important meal of the day--breakfast. Egg & I is a local favorite and contrary to the restaurant's name they do serve entrees san eggs. *gasp* The offering:*Reuben Sandwich w/ Fries: The meat was perfectly seasoned between two toasted slices of bread. mmMmmm... Oh and they gave an extremely generous offering of french fries. yum yum! *Fender Blender: Some type of egg and crepe contraction which was light fluffy and all around delicious. It came with an asian-inspired sauce which complimented the main course perfectly. Oh and the potatoes were spot-on!   *Florentine Omlette (Daily Special): Ironically the daily special was not special at all . Instead it was a complete epic fail in my party.  Way too cheesy as the produce was drowning in the gooey sea.   The food is great, the price is right ($8 average entree), and I'm definitely coming back!
5	I'm not really a breakfast person but this place was suggested by someone and my friend and I decided to check it out. It's such a cute little place, with delicious food. The environment was super cozy. It's a must if you go to Vegas for a little vacation.
4	This is my favorite spot in Vegas to stop for breakfast.  I'm the kind of guy who likes breakfast food at all times of the day.  Their skillets here are amazing, and so are their pancakes!  Highly recommend!
4	Hello hungry people!! Yes, I'm back (again)!  Let's dig in...So, my local bestie recommended this place to a friend and I who were in LV and I'm so happy she did!  This quaint little gem is AMAZEBALLS!!  They give you menus that look like newspapers and bright yellow mugs, awaiting your coffee, adorn the tables.  Of course, as the name suggests, eggs are their specialty, but they offer much much more!The waitress suggested I try the "Loco Moco" and I was not disappointed!! It was a beautifully, delicious symphony on my tongue!! Sticky rice, eggs (any way you like), hamburger patty, and brown gravy.  I know what you're thinking..."is this chick pregnant?!" rest assured, I'm not (any more) and this dish really made sense once I took a bite!! Just wonderfully cooked and seasoned and all the different components played nice together in the tummy! (there's a party in my tummy...so yummy, so yummy yummy)It's not in the nicest part of LV, but that's why I love finding these "off-the-beaten-path" joints!  What they lack in environment, they make up for in taste and ambiance!
5	This place served the best corned beef hash I've ever had! Shredded corned beef, mixed with potatoes and maybe some onions and peppers. I'm not exactly sure but yum it was delicious. Definitely coming back for this dish next time I'm in Vegas. Their blueberry pancakes were packed with plump blueberries. Saved the banana nut muffin for the drive home immediately after breakfast.. Very tasty, once you start you cant stop. The place was packed on the Sunday we visited but the wait was not bad at all. Glad we came here instead of a buffet on the Blvd.
4	My friends and I had breakfast at Egg & I on our recent trip to Vegas. We wanted to end our trip right by getting a delicious breakfast before heading back home to LA. Egg & I was quite good.Parking: The parking is easy as it is located in a shopping center with plenty of spaces. Spots near Egg & I were full, but plenty spaces in the lot if you dont mind walking.Service: The service was excellent! Our server was attentive and very nice. Although all our entrees did not come with the banana muffin, our server brought one for everybody! They even let us bring our Starbucks drinks in! Food: The food was delicious. The banana muffin was light and fluffy. Super yummy! I also ordered the Chicken, Broccoli and Mushroom skillet (served with eggs, ranch potatoes, and cheese). It was also very good.Overall good meal. I wouldn't mind coming back again when I'm in Vegas.
4	My boyfriend was right, this place was egg-cellent! I really enjoyed my breakfast at the Egg & I. Perhaps because all over the restaurant, there were little cute drawings of eggs being all happy and that the menu was made of newspaper material with happy eggs all over it  :D.I ordered two pancakes, scrambled eggs and bacon. The pancakes were really nice and fluffy, the eggs were light and fluffy too and the bacon...I gave to my boyfriend haha!Good price, good food, fast service and friendly staff.
5	You won't go wrong with Egg & I. The waitresses are practically giddy with happiness, the portions are humongous, the food is fresh and delicious, and the prices are very fair. The location is about 5 miles west of the Strip, so this is primarily for locals, which adds a more normal vibe compared to the touristy traps that dot this crazy little town.
4	Went there today for breakfast. I had the chile relleno omelette and James had the eggs Benedict. We were greeted in a timely manner by the busser who took our beverage orders. Waitress came by a few minutes later and took our order. Food came out pretty quick and you could tell it was picked up and delivered to our table right away. It was an awesome breakfast! The chocolate banana muffin was great with my coffee.
5	As good as it gets!Came here in April to meet up with an old friend.  This place was very cute and spacious. We got seated right away.  The menu is like a newspaper, but not. I thought that was really neat and fun, quite creative if you ask me.  The corn beed hash is very up to par with what I consider a good corn beef hash. Trust me, I'm very nit picky about my hash & how I like them.  I really enjoyed the potatoes as well. Brownie points for endless coffee.  It's all you can drink so that's nice.DON'T forget the MUFFIN!!! Melt in your mouth good. GET THE MUFFIN!
4	Great service, great egg dishes. When you order coffee they give you a pot so you don't have to constantly ask for refills. This particular location has more locals so you know it's a decent place to grab breakfast.Definitely worth a trip out for breakfast if you are an out of towner like I am, or if you are in the area. So many dishes to choose from, that's probably the most annoying part about this place!
5	Great food! Nice people!
4	Great brekkie place.  Its not uber cheap (average $8) but they do give you good portions, and their muffin is great. The coffee is just ok, but they bring a pot like IHOP and you pour to your heart's content. Lucky there's a Starbucks 1/2 block up the street. :DService is egg-selent!  Plenty of parking.  It can get crowded on weekends.
3	The first time I was here I got coffee and the banana nut muffin.  They are an awesome combination.  I've gone back since. 'Nuff said.
4	Found this place on Yelp...thanks!Whenever we are in Vegas we try to eat off the strip. We were heading out of town and this place hit the spot.Just a little diner type place (nothing fancy) but the servie was friendly and the food YUMMY!The menu is HUGE.We sampled the pancakes, waffle, eggs and home fries. The home fries were SOOOOOOO good!Also since my son requested no meat (his came with bacon) they offered fruit.....a whole plate of berries, citrus, and melons....It was great!We will definatly be going back next time we are in town!
4	The BF and I were looking for a good place to get breakfast/lunch in Vegas before the drive back home. This place is off strip, but was pretty awesome! Great food, and probably the best service in Vegas. Our waitress was very friendly. I love how they have a little stand with a happy egg on one side and a sad egg on the other. Flip to the sad egg if you need anything from the wait staff, and they'll be at your table in a jiffy!
3	I went here with a friend on Saturday AM. We arrived at 10 and it was packaged. Easy 30 minute wait which I find kinda baffling as the food and place is O-So- Average. However it seems like a popular stop for lots of locals. I ordered the Sicilian Skillet, and was not impressed. It was really bla and nothing to write home about for sure. The food was okay but not really anything you cant get at a Denny's IHOP, or countless other places like, that.
4	Some Words of Advice for Egg & I 1. We came in around 10:45-11 and waited for about 15 minutes so I would say any later and you'll probably be waiting 30+ minutes..It started getting pretty busy right after we put our name down. 2. If you are waiting in line, check out their menu cause they have a LOT of choices. 3. Wear a sweater/sweatshirt - I know were in Vegas but the place was blasting the AC. Even our waitress had a sweatshirt on. 4. Order a banana bread muffin, its moist and fresh and a great snack. I ordered one after our meal because I was stuffed from my plate 5. If you know you can't eat a whole plate of food, get the HALF order. Of course our waitress told us AFTER we finished. 6. The pancakes were the best part of my meal - order them! Only complaint was that they served it with that fake syrup. (I'm from the East coast, I'm a little spoiled)7. My sister didn't really care for the cinnamon toast french toast - they didn't look that great eitherIt was a solid breakfast for a lazy morning, I think next time I would try one of their egg-dishes since they are called Egg & I YELP 365: 163/365
4	So - my bestie who's a local told me and my other bestie to go to this place on our way out of Vegas.  I'm SO happpy she told us about this...I got the shredded corned beef hash with eggs.  WOW is all I can say. So good, exactly what I wanted. For the price, the portions are large.  Total deal.Hazelnut coffee was fabulous.  The menu is huge, so if eggs aren't your thing there is plenty of other things on the menu to pick.  That was probably the hardest thing for us - was to actually pick something off the huge menu.  Clearly this a locals place, it's off the strip in a strip mall.  We missed it when we were driving there.
5	Super delicious! Spotted this gem as we were driving around looking for a gas station. My mom had been to their other location, so we stopped in. The food and service were incredible! I had the biscuits and gravy with sausage patties. potatoes and scrambled eggs. It came on a huge platter! The biscuits were soft and fluffy with tons of flavorful gravy. My mom had the sausage patties, eggs and potatoes. The potatoes had a bit too much seasoning salt for my taste, by everything else was amazing.The service really took things up a notch. They have a stand on the table where you flip the egg over if you need service. Different servers stopped in and refilled our drink while we were eating. Our glasses never got less than half-empty.Definitely try either location. Every plate we saw being served up looked amazing!
4	How I'd never heard of Egg&I until last night, I'll never know. I love off-Strip, local establishments where I can get my grub on, and this is definitely on my list now. I intended to get my butt up at 5 am and be at their door at 6 am when they opened, but my brain determined I needed sleep more than food and I ended up putting my name down at noon-thirty, at the height of brunch/lunch time. I was told the wait was about 15 minutes; I waited a solid 20 (which isn't bad when "15 minutes" usually serves as code for half-an-hour) and was promptly greeted by my wonderful server. I had my food about 10 minutes after I placed my order.My late uncle was a gourmet chef, and my earliest, fondest memories of Vegas revolve around eating his cooking. Biscuits and gravy were on the usual menu when my family and I made our annual road trip out here, and I have purposely shied away from ever ordering it because nothing could ever come close.But, for some reason, I ordered it anyway here. Was it as good as my Uncle Ray's? Does the free show in front TI have anything to do with pirates anymore?Exactly. But that said, I would probably order it again. I regret not remembering my server's name, but she's one of the best I've had in a LONG time, and as someone that waited tables and bartended her way through school, my standards of service are ridiculously high. She was awesome, and was warmer, more attentive and professional than any server I've had elsewhere in Vegas, even in those pretentious "five-star" restaurants you'll find in abundance in this city.Keep in mind they're open from 6 am - 3 pm. I was told by a girl at the host desk that the best time to go was 6-8 and after 1:30.Overall value?Price: 3.5Service: 5Ambiance: 4= 4.17. But Yelp! doesn't offer a decimal rating. So a solid four stars from me. Worth visiting at least once if you want a tasty meal in a casual atmosphere without the pretentious attitude.
5	This place is part of the chain that's popping up all over Vegas.  I have never been to this particular restaurant, but I think I recognize the manager from my visit to the Flamingo store.  She impressed me with her rejection of food at the pass-through to make sure the quality was up to her standards.  My food pretty much reflected that same quality I experienced at the other store.  I had the prime rib benedict which is diced prime rib with sauted spinich and roasted red bell pepper on top of a croissant with the hollandaise.  This was outstanding.  The hollandaise was just the right amount combined with the egg yolk produced the best benedict I have ever had.  I know thier home fries are deep fried cubes which is not my preference (I like hash), so I asked them to not even bring the potatoes.  I ordered a short stack of blueberry pancakes just to try them.  They are served with a compote on the side and syrup on the side. I just wanted to eat the edge of the cakes and they did have a little texture, but not as crispy as I would have liked.  The compote didn't taste homemade. It reminded me of the Comstock out of a can.  The syrup is also a maple flavored corn syrup as opposed to real maple syrup.  But...  butter is butter and that really works well with pancakes, so I had my edges with butter and it was good. For the price, I can't expect too much gourmet.  I think what you get for the money, you are getting a great product and the service is the key to this well oiled machine.  Friendly staff and a high degree of quality makes this chain a winner and that's hard to find in Vegas.
5	Great food, great service.   Found this place while visiting Vegas.  Great American and Mexican breakfast specials.  Great options, great service, great price - get off the strip.
4	It was good very basic food not every one was a fan like I was, but they ordered Mexican breakfast at an American breakfast spot. I had the Omelet with sausage and orange juice. All was good but the Banana Muffin was oh so nice.
4	This place is good as long as you come at the right time. Too late, and you're doomed to wait a long time for a table on a Saturday or Sunday morning. Timing is key. The food is good and so is the service. We never walk in the door without a coupon. You can find them pretty much in any newspaper, city guide or Entertainment book, so be prepared.
5	I love it lots of food, great service and a pot of coffee!
4	Awwww yes I love me some breakfast anytime of day!Took my sweetie here for breakfast after hearing all of the glowing reviews. I am sure glad we dined here because it was eggceptional! Make sure you come hungry because their portions are large and in charge!Her-Denver Omelette 8.49Diced ham, onions, green peppers and melted cheese. *Three-egg omelettes served with ranch potatoes and an English muffin or toast.Him-Mexican Omelette 8.59Chorizo sausage, green chiles and onions, topped with Monterrey Jack and Cheddar cheese, salsa or pork green chili, sour cream and green onions. Served with a flour tortilla.Their ranch potatoes are so good!Wow we were very pleased with the service and quality/quantity of food! My coffee cup was never empty, refills galore from a catering staff!We will be back indeed!Yummy for sure a must stop for a lip smacking country breakfast!
4	Seen this place so many times while driving and thought nothing of it.  Today was my first time inside for breakfast at 1:30pm.  So glad I finally stopped in!All the reviews talk about their bannana nut muffin, but more on that later, first - the eggs...   I ordered the biscuits and gravy which comes with a side of 2 eggs (I chose scrambled) and a side of potatoes (the server allowed me to sub half of the potatoes for fresh fruit.Everything on my large plate was done perfectly.  The eggs were warm, tasty, and not under or over done.  The biscuits were deliciously moist and puffy (best I've had in as long as i can remember) with a very nice sausage gravy.  The potatoes were original and had a nice texture but the seasoning was a bit much for my taste.  And the fresh fruit was very sweet and well, fresh!  I really don't have a single complaint about the food.  I'd go here regularly for breakfast if it were closer to my house.For first time goers you get a banana nut muffin on the house.  I don't care if you aren't a big fan of banana nut muffins, I'm really not.  But just eat it!  You won't regret it.  I don't know what they put in this pastry (sprinkled crack maybe?) but it was amazing.As far as  the employees go, they all seemed happy, smiling, and they were genuinely nice.  There was no wait for me although I heard i just missed a rush.  everyone from the hostess to the servers to the cook did everything just right in my opinion.Prices are fair for breakfast.  My large plate with an iced tea came to eleven bucks and change.  More than what I'm used to paying for breakfast, but worthy for the quality of the feast, and I'd happily hand it over again.
4	Jaime P. and I come here at least once during our stay in Vegas for breakfast (obviously).  Since it's a locals place, it gets pretty crowded, so don't come thinking you're not going to have to wait a bit before getting a seat.  It's totally worth it.  Located right off the strip, it's a great place to grab a bite to eat without hassling with the nearby hotels.  The prices are reasonable and they have a huge menu to choose from.  Even the pickiest of eaters have something to pick, no matter how difficult they might be.It's a country style restaurant with a variety of egg dishes.  My favorite is the Eggs Benedict.  The hollandaise sauce is creamy and perfect and it's paired with some seasoned potatoes.  I like them, but they aren't my favorite.Their biscuits and gravy are pretty awesome as well. A great dish to serve with the table, but if you're starving, you might want to try to conquer them by yourself.
5	I had read about this place, and really just wanted to check it out with my family. We were not disappointed! And, the place was packed...always a good sign. The food we ordered was delicious. The staff was very friendly and the service was quick and helpful., Prices were very reasonable and the portions good sized with delicious homemade flavors!  It was the best tasting skillet breakfast we ever have.....Just a great experience all around. We definitely want to go back there again.
5	This is the best breakfast spot I've ever been to in Vegas!They are very accommodating with small changes, fast and generous with their portions.  The restaurant is clean and there is ample parking.  If you're staying in Vegas and have access to a car - then for sure - get off the strip because you won't find anything that beats Egg & I.
5	Hands down, they are my favorite breakfast establishment.  I have been here three times and loved all the dishes I have ordered (eggs benedict florentines, taco rancheros, & omelette). Too bad, there is no Egg & I around where I live!
3	Food was tasty and serving size generous.
4	While on a family vaca, we decided to hit a spot off the strip for breakfast, and man this was a jackpot. Great for the kids.  They greeted us with balloons, and where extremely friendly.  I had the Chorizo skillet and it was the bomb!!  Super crispy potatoes.  Grubby mixture of everything else.  Also comes with a very good banana nut muffin on the side.  They leave the carafe of coffee at the table.  Hit the spot and wish they had one near me in So Cal.
1	Terrible Takeout! Do not go!I called in my order, simple two omelet, with some fruit and tomatoes on the side. Nothing crazy. So I got thought the extended diatribe on the phone clarifying and identify I understand the extra charges for a side of tomatoes, the cashier says 10 minutes.I get to the restaurant about 6 minutes later only to sit and wait another 20 or so, the price of which had never been disclosed to me. $11 per 4-egg omelet. I was a little shocked, but then my order was also wrong, they missed my extras and wanted to charge me even more for simple stuff like an ounce of tomatoes. I'm trying to grin and bare it, when the cashier dashes off without a word to get her manager, because she doesn't actually know the cost of said side of tomatoes. The manager comes out with a half -ass-ed apology and an offer to "take care of me" the NEXT time I choose to suffer through this establishment's shotty service.So now that I've arrived at my office a whole 3 minute drive away, My fruit cup was leaking all over the bag of food. Each meal was luke warm, the ranch potatoes nearly broke a tong of my plastic fork, which we received one less than requested. My crazy chicken  omelet, which is described as "Loaded with julienned chicken breast, fresh mushrooms and guacamole. Topped with muenster cheese and sour cream." on the website, had flavorless dark meat chicken, and mushy old guacamole that was terrible.Don't trouble yourself with this establishment, food should be a delight, not a stressful experience.
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Breakfast. Its my favorite meal of the day and i'm glad The Egg and I did not disappoint. Cute name btw. I ordered the Egg's Benedict Florentine.  As soon as I read fresh spinach, poached eggs and bacon, i was sold. I'm not usually a fan of ham (since i'm sensitive to salt. Anything too salty and i wont like the food) but this canadian bacon was perfect; not too salty. Eggs were nice and runny. Hollandaise sauce was flavorful. Fruit were far and few but I can't complain. I checked into Foursquare and was treated to their banana nut bread/muffin. OMG it was sooo good. This is the one time i'd have to say Give me MORE muffin tops. Fresh Warm and Delicious!
3	Food tasty and generous and also a bit on the pricey side.
5	If your looking for a great Breakfast spot in the LV area, look no further.  This place was great.  I ordered 2 eggs over-easy, with Potatoes and bacon.  My wife got an omlet.  We also ordered a biscuits and gravy.  Everything was AMAZING!!!!!!  It can get kind of crowded in the AM on the weekends but its worth it.
5	A group of 15 girls arrived here on a HOT Saturday morning. Half of us were hungover, half of us were starving and all of us were in a rush. We had bachelorette duties to attend to in oh about 1.5-2 hours. The place was really busy and didn't seem possible to get a large party seated and fed within our time frame. Surprisingly enough, we got seated in about 20 minutes. We got right down to ordering and in about 20 more minutes, our food was in front of us ready to be devoured. We ordered the Chicken Fried Steak, Eggs Benedict Florentine, Ultimate Skillet, French Toast and of course the Banana Nut Muffin. The portions were huge and the food was tasty. The best part of the brunch was the service. It was very friendly and fast. We got out of there with satisfied tummies and within good time. This place is definitely worth the trip off the strip.
4	I am a cartoonist, and when I was in town talking to the editor of the Las Vegas Review-Journal - which apparently has some sort of partnership with this restaurant, since you get a free copy of the newspaper with breakfast, and their logo is on the coffee mugs - I heard about this place but never had a chance to drop them. This time around, I finally made it and found out what I was missing.Simply put, this is worth the trip away from the strip in order to get huge servings of incredibly fresh fruit, and delicious eggs and bacon and pancakes and French toast and anything else that your carb-loving heart desires for low prices.Atmosphere is close to non-existent, but whatever - your stomach will thank you while your arteries scream in agony.
3	I hate to do it, but i need to knock this down just one star. Every time I'm here, while the service is great and friendly, the place is just packed and I find the breakfast to be lackluster, compared to Egg Works.The seating is pretty crammed, even when you get there early. We're often bumped by servers and patrons as they're making their way to tables.I also don't love how they *only* have those season-salty potatoes and not fresh hashbrowns. They have them, but only those frozen hashbrown patties. Meh. I like homestyle potatoes, but these really seem like they're dumped out of an Ore-Ida bag.The last time we went, I asked for my poached eggs well in my eggs benedict and they came back *very* runny both times. I can handle a little runny, but these were like, runny to the point of being almost chilly inside the yolk.  It's a texture thing and it skeeves me. I know I'm not the only one. They were really great when I sent it back the first time, but the second time, I felt like a total pain in the ass and was embarrassed having to ask them to redo it, even though it wasn't my fault. They were gracious and took it off our bill and the 2nd time they made it, the eggs were cooked well enough. (Yes, we tipped on the full cost of the bill.) I also am not wild about how they completely drown their eggs benedict in hollandaise to the point you can't even see the bottom and the english muffin gets really soggy. My boyfriend's blueberry pancakes weren't that awesome either.  Kind of spongey and flavorless.For the hype this location gets, it wouldn't be my first choice. But I know it's popular and beloved, so if someone else wanted to go, I'd go, but otherwise, I'd recommend one of their other locations.
5	This is the best place for breakfast around Vegas.Nice size potions, yummy food and great service.I go there all the way from Los Angeles!Keep up the good work! :)
4	tip: 15 minute wait on a packed morning is super efficient.breakfast crepes were out of the ordinary.  it's basically an omelet wrapped in a crepe; a must try.  too much home style potatoes.  good coffee.  flip the happy face egg to a sad face egg for prompt service.
3	This place is nothing special! Breakfast is the easiest meal to cook, and when I pay for it I want it to be flippin awesome. This was just ok - like Dennys. The place was packed, but it only took a minute to be seated. The service was all around good - no complaints.I ordered one of the skillets - maybe the three meats - which was okay. It was fresh, good portion, and tasted ok. Just nothing to write home about. The best thing, other than the diet coke, was the banana bread. It's not bad, just not good. Make your own breakfast, and you'll be just as happy.
5	Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so I'm glad I searched this place out on our last trip out to Vegas. I'm so over the pricey and mediocre food at the buffets on the strip for breakfast. So we came here based on the yelp reviews.First, they have a huge menu, which makes it hard to decide what to get in the first place since I love all breakfast foods. So I went basic with buttermilk pancakes and eggs and bacon. Everyone's eggs were cooked perfectly. Bacon crispy as I had requested. Short stack of 2 pancakes was more than I could finish. My husband and a friend each got some sort of skillet concoction, and I probably didn't finish my pancakes because my fork kept was always in his skillet because it was so good! The four of us were all pleased with our meal.The place is busy, but we were seated after about 20 minutes. Service was good, portions were large and a reasonable price. I would probably come back to this place next year on our annual trip!
5	This place is quite old but, they do great food and great service. the crew is so happy and you know you get good food. coffee is always brewed perfect and they have great seasoned fries i always love. their all the omelet are super good and, my wife always try for the breakfast.
4	This place was awesome for a city , packed at 10am, but we got in rather quickly.  I got the Green Chile Breakfast Burrito, and it arrived on my table before I finished my coffee. Great burrito, Huge and tasty! The staff was top notch, and friendly! If I am in Vegas again, I would defiantly do eats here again!
5	This may be the best breakfast in the world. If I could rate it 6 stars I would. The banana nut muffin is awesome. I usually get the egg sandwich with a side of potatoes, the egg sandwich is solid and whatever the seasoning they put on the potatoes is like crack I can never have enough. On top of this, the service is great. The servers are attentive but not over attentive.
3	Food had a very home like feel to it. I went with a large party and everyone ordered various dishes. Not ONE particular dish stood out but the banana nut muffin... now that was pretty amazingly delicious!Very accommodating to large groups on a Saturday brunch. We were seated almost immediately even with the packed house. Only down side was that they forgot one order from our big group and it happened to be our bachelorette. Also, the order was wrong. Double thumbs down!
4	Cute spot. Has their own touch. Nothing special, but still good. They used very nice fruit, too. I'd eat here again for sure.
5	This place has amazing food!   But if i remember correctly, they're only open till mid afternoon (3-4pm?), so go early for a hearty breakfast.You'll have such a good meal you'll feel like Burt Reynolds, or something.Just go here.
4	OKYou must go there, if only for the CHICKEN FRIED STEAK.I can't imagine it being any better
5	The food is delicious and the customer service is great. I feel like I'm down south.
5	This is my go to spot every time I am in Vegas! I even bought myself a coffee cup! Bacon avocado omelet with sour cream, little chunks of bacon in the egg and slices of fresh avocados inside the omelet with cheese and topped with a nice helping of sour cream.  Banana nut muffin x 2 please, I take one to go. Every bite has a crunch of nut, they serve it warm, which is the best way to eat it! My unlimited amount of coffee refills! The breakfast here is awesome and the portions are huge. I usually end up taking half of everything home, yes back to LA!
5	My family and I decided to go into Egg and I after it was greatly recommended by a good friend. Everything was great! There was a descent line at the door when we entered but we were still sat within 5 minutes. Our server was Gloria and she was such a delight and extremely helpful. The food was some of the best breakfast food you can try for the price. On our way out we got to meet Sarah the manager and she was more than kind and professional as she thanked us for coming in and asked how everything was. We will definitely be back!
4	Nice brunch spot with solid skillets. Coffee is meh, but the food is really good, incl the banana nut muffins.
5	Excellent breakfast. I had eggs benedict florentine. The eggs were a bit runny, but that added to the creamy flavor of the somehow still crispy English muffin. Ham was very tender and easy to cut. The homestyle potatoes were pretty salty, but not too much. Portion sizes were gratuitous. The service was prompt, nice, and attentive without being annoying. I'll definitely eat there again.
5	Biggest portions ever!!! Very reasonable pricing and husband loves this place. Lines can be very long sometimes but it's worth the wait. The banana nut muffin is really good and the potatoes are really sprinkled with crack. No lie. Haha.
4	vegas breakfast?..afternoon flights and up early...last meal for some...egg & i extra large breakfast platters...enormous sizes...literally mountain of potato cubes with heavy seasoning salt sprinkling...a brad's special...eggs, spinach and meats loaded and large...hungry?...egg & i will deliver a tummy expanding plate for $ten...comforting homely interiors...casual diner atmosphere...friendly service...
3	Came on a Sunday afternoon and we had to wait about 30-40 minutes for a party of 10. They made us move around a little which was kind of annoying, especially after you sat us already. With that said, service was just so-so.Ordered the Egg-ceptional omelette. This came with tomatoes, ham, sausages, bacon, onions, mushrooms, cheese & sour cream. On the side were potatoes and a choice of toast or banana nut muffin. Trust me when i say .. YOU'LL WANT TO GO WITH THE BANANA NUT MUFFIN! This is the only item i will RAVE about at this place. The muffin looks a little discolored but don't let it fool you. This is one of the best ones i've EVER had and i've had plenty! It's baked to PERFECTION and sososossoso moist. I should have just ordered a couple on the ride back but I didn't want to overload myself with carbs. Definitely coming back for the muffins yum!
4	I got the chicken fried steak, it was good but I've had better. The coffee was awesome!  We also got the blueberry pancakes and they were great!  My husband tried the prime rib skillet. It was really good. The only real complaint we had were that the potatoes were awful. Boring an way too salty!!!!
4	Thanks to Yelp and the good ol community of yelpers out there i know A LOT of places where 10 bucks can go a LONG way in providing some good eats.My Buddy recommended The Egg & I after hearing some good things about it from other sources. I've driven by this place multiple times and it's caught my attention a few time while in the same plaza as B&C Camera. They have a diverse menu of egg related items. I was about to order one of the combo skillets because another table's home fries looked GOOD but ended up getting a Hawaiian themed plate which featured Portuguese Sasuage or Spam (went for the sausage), rice, two eggs any style (sunny side up), "sticky" rice (turned out to be calrose rice). Also came with a choice of what ever bread or the banana nut muffin everyone raves about. I choose the muffin and man oh man it did not disappoint. Blueberry's always been my favorite muffin and to be honest i havent eaten enough muffins in my life time. If i were in a situation where the entire fate of humanity rested upon my recommendation for a muffin it would be The Egg & I's banana nut hands own, sorry humanity you had your chance i'm throwing this one out and if it lands under the bus so be it. Overall the island favorite plate was good, obviously the Portuguese sausage made the dish but in all honesty it wasnt worth the price. Even with the banana nut muffin dreams are made of it still wasnt quite worth it. For the same price my buddy got one of the combo skillets and he ended up easily with three times more food then i did.So far i do like this place. Outdoor seating was available immediately seeing as it was a cold morning but their heaters are very powerful and aside from a few gusts of wind there was very little outdoor discomfort. Looking at other people's plate was very easy on the eyes as their selection of food is diverse yet seeing common dishes amongst different diners makes me want to come back and get what they're getting because they cant all be wrong.
1	My wife and I came in on Sunday, 11/11/12, at 10:00 a.m. This was our first time here. There was a wait, but considering all of the Zagat listings on the wall, we didn't mind. When we were seated, the server was prompt and attentive. From there it was all down hill.It too 30-40 minutes to get our food. Really? For egg dishes? Our food was cold. I had asked for my eggs basted medium. They came fried, sunny side up. The salsa that came with my wife's huevos rancheros was bland. That was better than my tasteless food. The cream cheese for my bagel was in a small metallic packet. It was so cold I could barely get it out.Neither of us finished our food. I don't know how anyone could want to. I was still tasting my greasy "cordon bleu skillet" breakfast hours later.Maybe I was just unfortunate, but bland, cold food and an unreasonable length of time to have the food delivered to the table means this is the 2nd time we will go there: first and last.
5	Best breakfast in Vegas !!!
3	I decided to stop here since we landed at 7:30 AM and wanted breakfast.  All the reviews raved about this place.  The food was good, but the waitress was not very attentive.  The muffins were alright.  The portions were good.  I felt that the potatoes stole all the seasoning and everything else was a bit bland.  Maybe next time I will try something else.
4	Huge portions at reasonable prices.  Friendly staff and clean facilities.
3	Excellent breakfast spot! Vast menu--almost too many choices--with plenty of vegetarian options. Large portions, and everyone's dish came with a healthy serving of fresh fruit. I had the veggie benedict. Good choice with the grilled tomatoes and fresh avocado, although my eggs were a bit overdone. The home fries are amazing though! Crispy and great seasoning. The bottomless coffee wasn't that great, but good enough for a bottomless pot to wake you up in the morning.Service was incredible! Fast, attentive, friendly. I wish I could remember our waitress's name to give her a 5-star review. The service is definitely what would keep me coming back. The food is good, but the pricing was a bit high (I think bennie + coffee came to $14 + tip) to make it a regular go-to breakfast.
4	Massive portions drowned with pots of decent coffee. Service is prompt and cheery. Great for groups
5	We were in Vegas over Thanksgiving (2012) and found the Egg & I on line. Ended up eating breakfast there 3 out of 4 days. Both my wife and I had some of the best breakfasts ever! The chicken enchilada omelette was awesome! Service by Janeen was the best! Ask for her and you will start your day right.
4	Total breakfast fan here and this is one of the few in Las Vegas that truly does breakfast right.  Prices are pretty good and there are always coupons to be had.  Love the Pumpkin banana pancakes and Carrot Cake french toast in the fall!
4	4.5 . Got seated immediately for a party of 3 at 12:30 on a Sunday. Awesome service, unlimited coffee, attentive waitress, yummy eggs, warm toast. Exactly what you need for breakfast! I'm a fan!!
5	I LOVE THE POTATOES!!!I don't live in Vegas but whenever I come here, I make it  point to come to this place. Unfortunately the line is long and it's off the strip, but I honestly do feel it's worth renting a car to come over here. This place serves breakfast - and most of it comes with my favorite part (the potatoes) If it wasn't for a recommendation from a friend I probably would have never gone off the strip to make this my now regular pit stop when making it to Vegas!Beyond that I try to get a bit of everything since I can usually only stomach only so much! I recommend this place!
4	So I found this great little restaurant on Yelp during one of our many Vegas trips and I have to say that I am in love with the french toast sandwich!!!! I'm a huge fan of savory and sweet and this place nailed it to the wall!! Great place to have breakfast after dancing the night away on the Las Vegas strip! I just wish I lived closer because the food here is amaziiiiing and totally crave-worthy!
4	My wife and I visit Vegas at least once a year.  Until I found this place (and others) on Yelp, we used to just have breakfast/brunch in the hotel's anonymous coffee shop.  Meh. Now that Yelp has opened my eyes, we've tried different places.  The Egg & I is one of our favorites for breakfast (actually brunch since we don't leave the hotel until 10 a.m. or so).  We eat here most often because there is a plethora of different items on their menu to choose from and they are ALL GOOD!  Breakfast is my favorite meal to eat when I'm away from home, so this is important to me.To be honest it is pretty difficult to screw up a basic breakfast centered on eggs and breakfast meat.  However, the Egg & I is head and shoulders above the others with various delicious potato and egg treatments, their muffins, and friendly service staff.  Needless to say, we don't eat in hotel coffee shops anymore.  Not only do you get huge quantities of food at the Egg & I, it all tastes great, and what a variety!  If you're not into eggs, they also have waffles, pancakes and french toast, as well as salads and sandwiches.  Also free wifi so you can catch up on news from home & messages while eating.If you are like my wife and insist on staying in a big-name Strip resort hotel, do yourself a favor and drive a short distance off the strip to have breakfast and some really tasty food.  Catch a glimpse of what the rest of the City of Las Vegas looks like, and taste real food, not the bland stuff the corporate chains dish out.  You might realize, like I did, that The Strip is not the final destination of your trip to Vegas.There are fine dinner restaurants off the Strip as well!  Yelp is here for you.
4	Apparently this is one of the best breakfast joints in Vegas.  I can't really agree with that but it's pretty darn good.  I ordered the corned beef hash and what came wasn't your standard canned mushed beef stuff. There were real pieces of corned beef in this mixed with potatoes, onions, red, green peepers and topped with 2 eggs of your choice, which should always be over easy eggs with super sloppy running yolks. The flavors were spot on and the side of potatoes were nice.  The banana muffin that is served is awesome too.  It's probably microwaved before getting to your table but it's still very decent.  Prices are a little bit high like $10.95 for the hash and the wait can be long.  The annoying thing about this place is paying at the cashier!  When it's busy, the wait can be 10 minutes to pay your bill... minus a star for that.
3	Egg and I is a popular breakfast / brunch spot in Vegas. Using my trusty yelp app I found this joint when looking for a hearty breakfast off of the strip where locals go. When driving into the strip mall I noticed the abundance of cars and line outside right away. We didn't have to wait too long, about 20 minutes and the staff was friendly, and the coffee was really good.... I don't know what they put in it, but it was waay better than the average coffee. My boyfriend had the pancakes and they were fluffy and flavorful, I was somewhat disappointed in my artichoke frittata...The feta cheese was overpowering and seemed like an afterthought dumped on top and I ended up scraping most of it off. It was a daily special item, so it wasn't on the main menu. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas and try one of the basic menu items such as pancakes or omelets, all of the other dishes being brought out looked great... they had good intentions with the frittata but it was less than desirable....** The banana muffin everyone writes about lived up to its expectations.
5	This place was awesome. Food was good. We got there early and there was no wait. We checked in with foursquare and got a free banana nut muffin. It to was awesome. Try the stuffed french toast.
4	Really enjoyed the chicken enchilada omelette!
4	stopped by sunday 8amcrowded but no wait yetwaitress friendly/attentivefood spectacularbanana muffin was tasty
3	Great service, decent biscuits and gravy. But I wasn't quite as impressed by the experience as I was led by friends to think I would be. I think I prefer Cracker Barrel.
5	Pros:Chicken Enchilada Omelette is the bomb!Home Fries are awesome, great seasoning.Wife loved the French toast!Cons:None!
4	Cute little place, good service. Probably the closest thing to a diner you'll find in Las Vegas. I had a very nice, fresh breakfast for about $7!! We even took home a souvenir mug.
5	My favorite breakfast place . Egg works ,egg and I etc they are all the same amazing breakfast food , beats any breakfast place I've ever been too . Good service even with busy hours opens 5am-3pm . I try and go here at least once everyone I'm in town and always take my friends who all fall in love with it every time .
5	WOWWWWWWWIIIIEEEEEEEEE!that's what I felt when I put the stuffed french toast in my mouth! and this is what I looked like O.OI came here once before and got a healthy omelette. I wasn't thoroughly impressed with this place, but let's be real, how yummy can anything healthy get? But I decided to give it another chance and decided to try one of their signature dishes. THE stuffed french toast: french toast stuffed with egg, sausage and cheese topped with powdered sugar. It's a heavenly mix of savory and sweet, especially dipped in maple syrup.Most of their entrees come with their homemade potatoes. They're lightly fried to give a french fry crisp and cajun-flavored that makes it taste like Lay's BBQ chips!!This place is better than the all time popular Hash House A-go-go!! It's as good as breakfast can get!!
5	Wow, do they know how to make their eggs right and potatoes right! How did I know about this place sooner? I'm officially making this place my mandatory go-to place for breakfast on the morning I leave Vegas.Just right out of the strip, Egg & I is a cute, homey place for a hearty breakfast. The menu is in a newspaper form, so you'll feel like you're reading the morning paper while having a cup of coffee! EGGS:We ordered the Eggs Benedict Florentine and an Egg Crepe. Both were amazing! The eggs benedict at Egg & I is one of my top favorite!! The Egg Crepe is similar to an omelet but the eggs are cooked crepe style. Both of our dishes came with seasoned potatoes, which were AWESOME!! They were so good that I bought a bottle of their seasoning. They have bottles of the potato seasoning and blackening dust for meats for $6 each.
5	Great selection of traditional and creative new dishes for breakfast. Service was fast and friendly. We sat down ordered and had our food within 5 minutes. I ordered the Kay special it was super cheesy and tasty along with their seasoned fries.. My friend had the stuffed French toast which according To her was amazing!!
5	Nice good great service!!!! Love their half portion menu, great for girl who wanna keep their shape up!!! Also their banana muffins is the BEST!!! Love it;)
5	That is one de-lic-ious breakfast. I happily took my banana muffin with me to-go and made it my perfect snack a couple hours later. Service is spot-on, food is EGGsellent.  I had the California crepe which was the perfect mix of omelet insides, and crepe outside.
3	Very good food but overpriced in my opinion.
3	A really good breakfast place to eat while in Vegas. I had the chicken enchilada omelette, it was pretty good. The banana nut muffins were awesome with butter. So good we ordered a loaf to go.
5	Love it, we are going back today!
5	Just for reference, I don't write 5 star reviews unless they're very well deserved.  But this place consistently rates high with us.  This was out third visit.  We recently visited Egg & I for breakfast with a group of six.  We arrived about 10:30 in the morning.  There was a considerable waiting line.  However, the hostess was very sweet and efficient. The estimated 20 minutes wait was actually more like 10 minutes.  Our waitress (sadly I didn't get her name) was incredible, attentive without being overbearing, quick and efficient.  Once our orders were taken, the food arrived fairly quickly, no mistakes or wrong items.  We pretty much all ordered something different.  I had the house made (not canned) corn beef hash and eggs.  Excellent.  Can't remember what everybody had but all raved about their food.Avoid the strip with it's lines and cheesy buffets and overpriced breakfasts and check this place out.  Just a short drive from the strip.  Mostly locals and a few visitors.  A gem!
4	Place -- Family friendly, smiles all around! Food -- The banana nut muffin. I saw the clouds parting and sunshine came through.Service --   All of them were so nice. So, so nice. Go back? -- Hell yes. Yes.
5	I had the country Benny and it was awesome. Hubby had the piggy skillet and he said "lets add this place to our list of good breakfast." We will be back. We didn't realize they closed at 3p and got in about 2:50. They were nice and didn't rush us even through we were obviously keeping them open. I'm so glad we found this place.
5	Awesome service. Awesome fresh breakfast. Our server Jackie was five star worthy all by herself!
4	Banana nut muffin is moist with a great crust. They dont skimp on the canadian bacon when it comes to the eggs florentine benedict.  Hollandaise was on point; not too much salt and is not too creamy, complementing the egg yolk. Potatoes were seasoned perfectly, although they could have been crispier. Had a bite of the chili relleno, overriding flavor was the chili, which is a plus. Coffee left me wanting, but we were there for the eggs!Great service, no wait to get in, overall great place to have breakfast off the strip.
5	Wow. I have never had banana nut muffins quite like the ones served in The Egg and I. It was freshly made and still hot from the oven. The next time I come I need to make sure to get a box to go!As for the breakfast plates, my boyfriend got the omelet and I got the usual potatoes ham and eggs. We also decided to get the "short stack" banana pancakes. Let me just tell you that when we asked just how big the short stacked pancakes were, the server made this hand gesture that indicated it was small so we went with that. Guys, the short stack was, STACKED. It was huge! It's bigger than the regular pancakes in Ihop and Denny's! Plus it had REAL bananas in them. Holy smokes! We were IN LOVE with the potatoes! It had the best seasoning - a somewhat Cajun flavor? The ham was a large chunk and my boyfriend loved his omelet. This place is perfect! Would definitely come back for more!10/10 would bang (the door) again
5	Best place in Vegas for breakfast!
5	I know "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas" but this place is too damn good not to mention !So, what so "EGGsellent" about this place?? - Friendly Service- Large portions - Big Menu- Free parking- Quick serviceThe list can go on and on cuz this place is so "Egg-mazing!!!" However, let me tell you one thing you must order is the "Banana Nut Muffin". Order one or a dozen to go, TRUST ME!Though the place is a bit off the strip but it is totally worth the drive, TOTALLY!
4	I would say this place was pretty good! We waited about 10 minutes for any service once seated at our table. The place was packed and it was 1 p.m. on a Monday!  The average breakfast is about 10 bucks and 3 more for coffee. I would say sharing is a must!!! The omelets were super cheesy but tasty. The Cajun potatoes are awkwardly addicting. At first bite they taste over seasoned with cajun powder but by the end of it you will wish you had more. The banana nut muffin comes with your entree or free check in on foursquare. It's definitely not the best muffin int he world like others claim, but it is tasty. However, eat it hot or it might taste dry. And eat it with the butter then its perfection. Overall with sharing, free extra muffin, and two iced coffees and tip it was 23 dollars. Don't know if I will be back as there is too many other places to try.
4	I tried the Banana bread french toast because I like banana bread but it didn't do it for me. The bread tasted good all by itself but the french toast didn't make it. Wish I had ordered breakfast burrito my friend had ,now that was good. Took a small bite. I will give four stars because all my friend's food was very good. Yes  I sampled lil bit. service was good and the place was clean. good to go I will be back.
5	If your looking for breakfast look no further. This place is amazing. I had the breakfast burrito and my girlfriend had biscuits and gravy, eggs, and potatoes. I would recommend this place to anyone. Always come with an empty stomach and leave full!! Check the 24/7 magazine for b1g1 coupons.
5	My favorite breakfast joint in the US of A.This is the 3rd time we have visited The Egg And I - so worth leaving the Strip to get here - the food and service have always been great - and the people who work here are a pleasure to interact with. The place was jammed with a crowd outside when we came on a Sunday morning - but the wait was only 10 minutes and it was worth it. Food-wise the Fender Bender Egg Crepe was out of this world. (After I wrote the above, my girlfriend said "Oh, I forgot to order fruit instead of home fries" with her breakfast. The waitress of course said "I can bring you fruit" and didn't charge us for it. That's exactly what you would expect from a classy cool place like this. I made sure to Yelp it because we need more restaurants like this. And I repeat: every employee from the hostess to the waitress to the cashier was charming. Yes, yes, yes to the Egg and I. If I had the stomach for running a restaurant, I would do it just like they do.
3	The only reason they get a 3 star and not 4 is because because i was expecting them to be as good as there counterpart egg works. Unfortunately not so. It was good, better than Ihop but not that stellar amazing flavor Im used to from these chains. Anyway the service was quick and the waitress was very personable so ya if Im in the neighborhood I will go again
4	I really enjoy breakfast food but going to breakfast eateries, they just give so much food.  Anyway gotta eat breakfast so we came here.  Typical breakfast shop.  I ordered the Fiesta Skillet which was a layer of their ranch potatoes topped with a mixture of green chilies, onions, and salsa.  On top of that was a layer of melted cheese and two eggs over-easy.  The skillet was accompanied by two slices of wheat toast and two slices of fruit.  It was pretty tasty.  I really like the ranch potatoes, eggs were cooked correctly, no brown spots and yolks were runny.There were three different types of Habla Diablo sauce on the table Original, Chipotle, and Verde.  So if you need a little spice in your breakfast you can choose your pain.  Well not really since none of them are that spicy.  Overall  I enjoyed breakfast.  I have tried other items at their other locations they all taste good.  Would definitely be up there on the list of breakfast places to go.
5	This place deserved 6 stars but I am limited to 5 stars (yelp limitation). The extra star is for the service. The service was amazing better than any other 5 star restaurant. The food was also equally amazing. Highly recommend this place for anyone looking to venture off the strip.
3	Yay Egg! Glad I asked Mary W. for breakfast recommendations before the trip. When I got here there was already a line but the wait wasn't too bad, perhaps about 15-20 minutes. They have a cute menu that looks like a newspaper and a huge menu to choose from.We ordered a corn beef hash and eggs benedict. Do me a favor and order yourself a corn beef hash if you go there, it's pretty darn delicious. The eggs benedict was alright, way too much hollandaise sauce, I wish they'd go easy on that. I do love the breakfast potatoes. Our waitress didn't take care of us too well but the other staff were nice and helpful. Serving was so big we didn't eat lunch that day.
4	My number one breakfast place.I usually get omelets and have never been disappointed.  Plus, the coffee there is a smooth coffee, not bitter or acidic.  The home fries are consistently cooked to perfections with a crispy brown and warm soft center.Several large screen TV's so you can watch the news or sports.
4	My favorite Sunday Brunch location. This location is always busy, so make sure you are willing to wait 10-15 mins to get your seats. Banana nut muffin is one thing you shouldn't miss, it blowed my mind the first time I tried it. It's not over-sweet and the aroma of banana smell so damn good.
4	Egg & I has become a recent tradition with the future in-laws.It's a nice change-of-pace versus the Strip and a mere ten minute drive but not worth the added expense if you plan on cabbing.Parking is plentiful and there is a delicious bakery with some of the stickiest baklavas in the same strip mall to warmup while you wait (ranging from 10 to 30 min).Prices are reasonable, service is shoddy, and luckily one cannot mess up eggs.  Food wasn't greasy for whatever's thats worth.As you may have guessed menu is egg-centric but fear not.  I decided to change things up during my latest visit and ordered hawaiian food.  Yep, you read that right and my internal organs as of a week later remain intact.  They offer: loco moco, spam and eggs and portuguese sausage and eggs.  Ordered both the spam and portuguese sausage and had no regrets.  Forgot the name of the breakfast burrito with the chorizo but it was dense AF and subsequently awesome.Their homefries are also a must.
1	Was a Fan of this place until recently. Stopped in real quick to pick up one of their delicious "homemade" blueberry muffins. Was quite disappointed when I was handed a Sara lee muffin still in the wrapper and sent on my way. They charged me $2.50 for this muffin I could have gotten at any gas station for 50 cents. Extremely underwhelmed today.
4	Incredible eggs and potatoes. They store has recently changed bacon, to a thin cheap brand. I would avoid the bacon at all cost. I had batter bacon on a Jack in the Box burger the other day.  Overall, a good breakfast place
5	Best breakfast place in Las Vegas!  Banana nut muffins are awesome and so are the eggs benedicts.
3	First off, my expectations were pretty high for those banana nut muffins.  I prefer mine with more nuts in them so they were just okay to me - I've experienced better and probably will not get them again.I ordered a scrambler and it was very good - the potatoes were okay - a little too much seasoning for me but they were crispy.  My grandma said the coffee was good and she enjoyed her corned beef hash.  The service was excellent, the prices reasonable, amount of food was a lot, and the atmosphere was good.  I would come back.Oh, and free Wi-Fi which is great when your grandma you are visiting doesn't have internet.
4	Super yummy food.  I'm not an adventurous eater here but I love the omelets and the skillets!  So yum!  The service is usually great, though there is always a bad seed.
4	I love brunch and there are wonderful savory and sweet options!This place gets packed and for very good reason! The line is always out the door. But, the line moves quickly and is worth the wait.Tip: Not conveniently on the strip, but I would head there on the way to Vegas or when you are heading back home.Everything we tried was really good, so I don't feel like you can go wrong! Perhaps share entrees so you can try more of all the goods.
4	Came here for brunch with a friend who's a local. The wait was about 25 minutes, but it was definitely worth it. I ordered the biscuits and gravy. Best I've ever had. The biscuits were melt in your mouth, and the gravy was so flavorful. I also had the orange juice, which tasted hella fresh.
5	My boyfriend and I were visiting Las Vegas for a convention, we wanted breakfast before we headed over to the convention center, so I asked him to find something.  He found Egg & I.  It wasn't far away, the parking was good, we were seated immediately, and after we ordered we had our food in under 10 minutes.  Our waitress was friendly and fast.  I love this place because you can ask anyone to get you something, you aren't just tied to one wait person.  You have an egg posted by the table, you need something you flip it to the unhappy yellow side, you are happy you leave it on it's happy side, when they see the yellow side they come over and see what they can do for you.  We had biscuits and gravy, which were piping hot and tasted good and served different ways.  We also got coffee, and they left the pot at the table for us.  How cool is that, no waiting to refill that cup when it's empty.  Love this place and will def come back when we visit Vegas again.
5	Had the biscuit and gravy.  It's served in an oval baking dish.  Biscuits are fluffy soft and the gravy is perfect.   I like the way they serve it in a bowl type dish (as opposed to flat plate) because it keeps the heat better.  Good attention to detail.
4	We had breakfast here by chance (stopped as we drove past) and am glad we did! Huge portions of delicious food, served up by smiling friendly people. The breakfast wrap was HUGE, tasty and oh so filling - I couldnt come close to finishing it, and was barely hungry for a late lunch. My husband loved the little crunchy home fries (think small, seasoned steak fries cut into cute little squares) as well as his omelet.The Egg & I is on the short list of places to eat breakfast in Vegas.
4	Oh, that was some great corned beef hash! I am use to eating corned beef out of a can where the meat is more like ground beef compared to this place where the meat is shredded, and oh man that was awesome. So as you can read, I ordered the corned beef hash which does come with 2 eggs made whatever way you'd like, some pretty good, crispy, special seasoned cut potatoes, and a choice of a banana nut muffin or toast of choice. The waitress was nice enough to pass out free muffins for everyone, the muffin sounded good and everyone at other tables had them, but in actuallity it was only ok. I probably should have went for the toast, but looking at my friend's toast, I will say that they put a lot of butter on it, so if you don't want that shit, make sure to tell them, because I don't think they'll tell you. Oh also forgot to mention that the order also comes with two random slices of fruit.I actually felt a tad overwhelmed, not by the meat, but the potatoes, while great, it was just so much starch to digest, but non the less, it was still satisfactory and the flavorings in each bite were awesome. Service was awesome but paying at the end seemed to drag because we had to wait in line to pay at the register....but regardless, I would definitely go here for breakfast if I ever wake up in time during my Vegas trips.
5	After looking at reviews on here for another good breakfast spot, I choose The Egg and I. I was not disappointed, everything on the menu looked and sounded good!I ended up getting a FRANCISCO'S SCRAMBLE and it was flavorful!I will be back!
5	Had the tacos rancheros. One word "orgasmic"!!!
3	We had so much high expectations for this place after reading all the reviews on yelp. Wow...we were somewhat disappointed. Here's my review:Food: 3 stars - I'm not saying their food was bad but they were not exceptionally great either. There wasn't anything special. It tasted to us like your typical breakfast at a restaurant. We had the pancakes, eggs, hash browns, eggs benedict, potatoes, etc.Service: 5 stars - the server was great and took really good care of us.Ambiance: 3 stars - averageWill I ever return? Most likely not.
3	Service here is great. They have this little egg sign on the table that you flip to black if you need service and its really like magic the way they appear when you try to change the sign.  I had:Iced water- I had to write that their water tastes like they got it from the restroom sink. Its so bad i had to order a coke. Banana nut muffin- didn't see what the hype was about. I thought it was OK. Eggs Florentine with seasoned potatoes- good with Cholula. the potatoes are really good!I would say everything was good/average.
4	Always a pleasure to visit when im town. Nice variety of egg breakfast meals to satisfy anyone!
5	It was Easter Brunch with a car full of 4 girls starving and ready to eat....after visiting Hash House A Go-Go down the street and being told the wait was about 45 min- 1 hour we used yelp to find another breakfast spot was we drove on over to Egg & I. The wait wasn't as long as Hash House...it was only about 15 minute for an outside table. The menu is huge and appealing that none of us could make up our minds on what to order. Eventually we did, 2 friends got the eggs Benedict and pancakes, another got the steak and eggs with rice and I got the spinach and avocado omelet with fruits and I shared the strawberry creme french toast with a friend. The ambiance is like any ordinary breakfast joint with that "home" and "granny's house" feeling. Everyone loved their foods, but it was so much that they couldn't finish it except for my friend who got the steak and eggs. I for one cold not even eat half of my food, regardless of how delicious it is....and I can eat a whole lot. I loved that my omelet was full of fresh huge slices of avocado and spinach inside my omelet. The fruits were fairly fresh and sweet. My whole plate cost me about $118 with tip so not bad considering I had a yummy Easter omelet, fruits and a huge delicious stack of french toast. Sadly, none of us took our food to go because we were on the road doing errands that day. Next time I hit up Vegas, I'll be sure to come here for breakfast!
5	Went to Vegas and a cousin Yelped this place, which pulled it up first on her phone. The wait was not long, food was delicious and portions are big. The seasoned potatoes that accomodate the breakfast plates have a nce seasoning to it, and tasty. The banana nut muffin bread was so moist and warm, and we shared it w/everyone at the table just to get a bite; don't be fooled because it might look flat and plain in color!! The Egg Benedict was worth it, because it was the first time I've ever tried it at any restaurant. The waitress are attentive, and helpful. A very packed house, even on a Thursday morning for brunch.
4	Breakfast was delicious they have 4 egg omelets and a standard is 3 eggs. Portions are plentiful definitely need to walk it off on the strip. Only disappointing item was Daily Egg Burger. Was too dry for me and the eggs yolk was already fully cooked. Other then that, you will walk out with a to-go container.
5	Mother's Day, 10:00 AM, people all over outside... They tell us our wait will only be 20-25 minutes, and for once, a busy place didn't lie. We were seated within 20 minutes, got our asked for drink orders immediately upon being seated, and waitress took our orders as soon as we were ready.We went to breakfast because my dad loves breakfast (and so do I, but not as much as him). He got the biscuits and gravy meal (as he does at most places). I got stuffed french toast, which means eggs, meat, and cheese inside.I ate past the point of being full, while still leaving a little on the plate, and my dad finished his pretty quickly because it was so good. He said as we were walking to the car, "That's about as good of a breakfast as I've ever eaten." That's a top-level compliment that he doesn't use lightly.It's about $8-10 for most meals, service is great, food is even better.
5	Far and away the best breakfast place in Vegas OMG huge portions and great prices, service was amazing and you always leave full!
5	I go to Las Vegas a lot for vacation, and I frequently rent a car so I can get off the Strip a bit. Until recently, I didn't really know of anywhere to get a good breakfast off-Strip. Then I found the Egg & I and now I eat there. Every. Time.The food has always been delicious. The banana nut muffin is to die for and if you tell them it's your first time at the restaurant, they'll give you one for free. I love free things.The portions are huge and - how shall I put this delicately? - perfect for when you're hung over. My friends and I ate here the morning after the Rock & Roll Half-Marathon last December and it was like being in hangover heaven. If you live in LV, or you're visiting and have a car, go to the Egg & I. Heck, it's even worth the cab fare. Trust me.
4	Had the Eggs Benedict and the Greek Omelet.Both were excellent.Service was great. Prices very reasonable.
5	Great spot for an amazing breakfast. Bring your appetite! I always stop in here when I visit Las Vegas!!
5	Eggs Benedict was delicious! Loved the banana nut muffin... Must get if you eat here!
5	A must stop in Vegas! Love the banana nut muffin. All food is great here!
5	Grrreat food!!!!A trip to Vegas is not complete with out The Egg and I. Get there early they close by 3pm on most days
5	I came here three years ago and loved it.I came again and fell in love again.  I had the Key Largo crepe and it was flavorful, delicious, filling and succulent.  That along with the muffins.  I wish heaven had an Egg and I.
5	Best breakfast anywhere.  I lived the skillet.   And make sure you get the muffin.
3	Hated the pancakes, too dense and heavy. So, I ordered the waffle, yup, same basic mix and not very good.  The scrambled eggs and sausage were great - sausage very greasy, but not in a bad way.
4	really great omlett for a great price. the muffins are awesome!
2	Ok...so the food here is awesome! I would give it more stars if the customer service had been better; the Egg & I getting 2 stars is over the most ridiculous thing! A couple weeks ago we went there and I have been there a lot, I enjoy their food. My friend and I both ordered sandwiches; we asked to skip the bacon and bread for a healthier meal of course. We all know even though you skip stuff off the meal ordered, you end up paying full price which is fine. Well we asked if we both add avocado to both our meals in place of bread and bacon considering those items are priced higher. After going back and forth with our server who claimed it was against their policy to sub, a veggie/fruit item for a meat/bread item, she brought out the manager. The manager explained that they have two different accounts where they order meats/breads from and where they order veggies/fruit from and they could not, in fact they refused to sub it. We got over it, added the avocado and enjoyed our meal. It wasn't about having to spend the money for it, it was the principal. I bring a lot of friends and family to this place, therefore I expected them to sub it out for me because in the end, it was actually more cost effective for them. I thought it was silly and ridiculous, she actually looked slightly stupid for coming out and to explain the reasoning as to why we couldn't sub it. I actually laughed. So although the food might be at least 4 stars, their service and policies were not and I doubt it was worth it for them to do that to my friend and I earning this some-what bad review. There are a lot of great breakfast spots in Las Vegas so I will hunt down one to take people where they don't fret over silly substitutions on sandwiches. I am very open-minded and understanding; in fact I have ran a restaurant for yrs in the past and know when it is worth it to suck it up and do the substitution.
5	Finally after months of wanting to try this place, I got the opportunity when I was in town for EDC. My friends and I walked in on a Friday afternoon and were seated immediately. The host and servers both gave us a warm welcome. My favorite part of the table set up was their egg signal at the top of their center piece. It was a photo of an egg that you could flip to indicate to servers that you needed something. No one waving your hand to try to get the servers attention, they got a system down!Next, the food, I ordered corned beef hash and eggs, while my friend customized her scramble with chorizo plus biscuits and gravy.. The bf got some avocado omelette. All were delicious and the portions were huge! It looked like I barley made a dent in my food, but I was stuffed. The biscuits and gravy were probably some of the best I've had... And their banana nut muffins are worth a try for muffin fiends. Straight out of the oven to your table.Good service, good food, and great company.. All for a reasonable price. I think this place is going to become a must stop for all my Vegas trips from now on! Thank you Egg & I!
5	Great little local breakfast/brunch or lunch place with awesome food and fast, attentive servers. This is one of my favorite places in Vegas to have breakfast and they're typically open until about 3 pm, 7 days a week. You have to try their potatoes and banana nut muffins, they so good and addictive! I usually go for the omelets when I come here, and no matter which one you order, they're all delicious. If you have ever been to Egg Works, this place is owned by the same people, but is just a little smaller in size and menu.
5	I had the Chile rellenos burrito and my boyfriend had the eggs benedict. Both were delicious! The service was great! My boyfriend made the comment hope he wished his meal came with one of the banana nut near muffins, so our waitress brought one out for him too, since it was our first time visiting the restaurant. Great food. Great service. Great experience.
4	So, so close to Five Stars, but given the fact that the coffee is weak and flavorless, I have to take it down to four.  Otherwise:- STELLAR breakfast food- Some of the best omelettes I've ever had in my entire life (the standouts for us were the chile relleno and the avocado/bacon)- Biscuits and gravy are LEGITPrices are low, service is great.
4	I always eat here when I am in Vegas. The food is always fresh and they have a huge menu. If you can't find something on the menu you like, you really have something wrong with you.  I've never had a bad breakfast however I have had a few service snafus but they were easily corrected.  Not far from the strip and well worth the effort.
4	Paid a recent visit after probably ten years since my last meal here. Just as good as I remember. Skillet breakfasts always satisfy. Good coffee. Friendly and prompt service.
4	I'm guessing a little wait time is typical here, because the food here is really good.  Its worth the short wait.  Moderately priced and off the strip a few miles.  I had the Rellanos omelet and it was really good.  Great Service.
4	The one thing I love about this place is the fact that it's off the strip, and it serves up the classic homey style feel, rather than the over-glamorized you would expect in Vegas. Yeah you come this city hoping to escape into another reality, but it's nice to come down from the clouds once in a while.The one thing I have to admire is there amazing variety of amazing egg selections. I Decided on going with their Chile Relleno Omelette, which was on the money, but their Banana Nut Muffin is THE thing to get. Listen, if you feel like wondering off the strip for some good home eatin', why not here??
5	Always the best, hands down the best breakfast in Vegas!
5	I came to the egg and I in Las Vegas because I had been previously to the egg and I in Estes Park, Co. They didn't have the same menu items as they do in CO but everything was just as good. I ordered a breakfast skillet with potatoes and chili. The skillet was very good, I loved it. My wife had the breakfast burrito and she also loved it. The potatoes are seasoned with paprika and other ingredients and are very good, but I prefer the CO potatoes. The only thing that I didn't like about this place is that they don't use the egg and I brand hot sauce.
3	Came back again hoping for 4 stars on a Saturday morning but the service ..  how do i put this nicely - it sucked. Our waitress wasn't very attentive. We were seated right away since our party of 5 decided we would sit outside to avoid the wait (TIP!!!!) It was nice for a while until it started getting humid and nasty but we stuck it through.We had the Eggceptional Omelette (3 stars), Bacon Avocado & Egg (4 stars) - these flavors ALWAYS mesh well together!, The chicken fried steak skillet (5 stars) and the cinnamon raisin french toast (2 stars).A tip: stay away from the cinnamon raisin french toast. Couldn't taste the cinnamon in it at all and it was kind of soggy. Not the heavenly experience in your mouth you get when you think of french toast ... mmmm. BUT get the chicken fried steak skillet!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. Scrambled eggs on top. So yummy.And of course, the banana nut muffin is still my favorite of all time here!
4	Very Good Food.  Service was super great.  They went above and beyond  what I expected.
4	Great breakfast spot when you're in Vegas! Off strip so you avoid strip traffic. Eggs everything!!! Plus lunch if you're not into eggs (weirdo). Their omelettes are perfectly done with great flavors, fresh veggies and tons of cheese. Eggs Benedicts were perfectly done. Portion sizes were spot on for an Merican. Works potatoes are freaking delicious! They taste like seasoned French fries. I love all things potatoes- If this place was called potatoes and I, I would probably give it 10 stars based on potential alone. Service is great- quick, efficient, and friendly. Must try's: works potatoes, banana nut muffin, eggs of all kinds.Yummilicious factor- A
5	Egg & I is a super-cute local breakfast joint away from the strip. It gets SO crowded and busy on the strip for breakfast/brunch whenever I've visited, and it makes people even hungrier and grumpier while waiting. My advice? Take a cab or drive over to this place for a REALLY tasty meal.My group and I of five people waited about 10 minutes for a table. Once seated, we were serviced immediately. Food only took about 10 minutes to be ready, and the staff were very attentive and worked together to address our table's needs. They have a little egg sign that you can flip to the sad-face yellow side, which indicates that you're in need of something. We did this a couple times to test it out, and it worked! Lightning fast.Great food, great service. I recommend the Biscuits and Gravy! The Ranch Potatoes (their regular side of potatoes) are very flavorful and filling. A must have. Oh, and their Banana Nut Muffin was soooo sweet and moist!I just may be back when I'm in town. If I can get outta bed next time after a long night, that is. Tehe.
4	Had a great experience venturing off-Strip for weekend brunch! This place was super popular on Yelp and won so many local awards, we were forced to check it out. Arrived early afternoon, there was pretty much no wait, even though there were some customers lingering near the entrance inside and the place was still full! Service was extremely down-to-earth, friendly, and attentive!This place has a huge menu (in the form of a "newspaper"...if that gives you some idea). There were so many choices it was really hard to decide on just one =( The variety is vast, but the bulk of the items were simple, straightforward, typical breakfast dishes with unique modifications/twists or add-ons. My husband's chile relleno omelet was such a great idea for an omelet...the juicy chile and the cheese tasted amazing wrapped in egg! My benedict's garden (vegetarian version of egg's benedict) was superb as well. Even though one of the items listed in my dish was guacamole, I was SO pleasantly surprised when it arrived NOT as guacamole, but pretty much a whole avocado sliced up!!! You don't get that often, even in California! +10 points for that! The whole combination of poached eggs, hollandaise sauce, and avocado was such a delicious creamy mix, and perfectly-balanced by the crisp freshness of the tomatoes. I basically devoured it in under 5 minutes...and then had to wait for the husband to finish his plate *rolls eyes.* We both agreed that their seasoned potatoes were freaking AMAZING. We don't know what kind of seasoning they use, but it reminded us of Cajun and it was to die for. I wish they sold it by the bottle! Wonderful place, with reasonable prices (total with tax came out to be $27) and a great cup of coffee as well. The awesome staff makes it even better!
5	The best breakfast place I have ever eaten at.  I love the rancho potatos, biscuits and gravy, and the gigantic blueberry pancakes.  Its amazing how fast the service is.  Even when there is a long line your seated in no more then like 20 minutes.  There is also a 35% military discount!!!
5	Yum! Great food, homey atmosphere, pleasant service, good price for large portion... definitely coming back here. The banana muffin was super... and my omlete-crepe love child... who knew!
1	A couple of weeks ago, I made my way back to our semi annual trade show. I got the little free booklet you get from taking shuttle from airport. I flipped through and saw this place called Egg & I and their other location Egg Works. It looked interesting and the reviews sounded good plus had coupon for one meal free with purchase of another meal. Cool..I will take my co-workers there. Big mistake! They know best known for banana nut muffin served warm with butter but it had this weird taste as if they used artificial sweetener or perhaps the blend wasn't right because it tasted like metal or whatever it just tasted awful. It was nice to give all 6 of us free banana nut muffin but my guys wouldn't touch it! I ordered classic eggs Benedict, my fav breakfast choice. I was excited plus the potatoes versus hash browns. The potatoes had too much of that lawry seasoning...ugh. Then worse, my hollandaise sauce was the worst thing I have ever had! They didn't properly make the sauce and then to make it worse, the whole dish was slathered in it! I literally used a spoon to scoop out the sauce just so I could eat everything else which wasn't much better but I needed to eat. Would never come back even if I was paid to do so plus I read other reviews where this place was actually busy and needed to go early, well we were there Saturday morning around 8am and it was not busy at all!
3	I really like this place.  Casual, cheap and good breakfast.  Most of your breakfast dishes come with a choice of toast or banana muffin.  Get the muffin.  Their are so many choices, it's hard to make a decision.  I've had the Loco Moco, pancakes, omelettes, french toast, country style breakfasts.  Popular place so you will wait for your tables.  Parking is abundant.
4	Solid breakfast joint!We decided to go off the strip for breakfast this past weekend to save some money. I swear we always spend at least $50 on breakfast when we eat in the hotels. Breakfast at Egg & I was under $30 :)They were busy when we arrived and we waited about 15 minutes to be seated. They put us on the patio, luckily it wasn't too hot yet and there was one table left with shade. It was tolerable.Service was decent but not over the top. They have a system where if you need something you flip over a plastic egg on the table and the waitress will come back. Seems like they never check on you unless you flip the egg.Breakfast was good. I had the eggs benedict with bacon instead of canadian bacon. One of the bacon slices was too fatty and not cooked enough, but the other one was good. The hollandaise was tasty, although a little runny. The potatoes on the side had a nice flavor to them.BF had their daily special, which was Cinnamon Roll French Toast. It was really good, had a custard batter. Too sweet for me, but he enjoyed it a lot. That was also served with a little cup of yummy cinnamon apples. I liked those very much.You pay at the register, which is kind of annoying because that area is already super cramped with people waiting and there isn't really anywhere to stand in line to pay without getting in somebody's way. Overall though, a good breakfast place. If you're willing to drive a couple minutes off the strip to save some cash, I recommend this place!
5	Better than the first time.  We scored a free entree coupon so we made the trek over to this location from the strip.  There was a bit of a wait but nothing too bad... The banana muffin is legit, served warm with butter.  This time around I ordered the huevos rancheros and they were good, very filling, cheesy and tasty.  This is a great place for breakfast.  Looks like they have also won a best cheeseburger award too.  Don't let the line of people outside scare you they turnover the tables quick.
5	What a fantastic place to eat! Never has my husband had an egg made exactly the way he wanted...even better than he can make. We kept eating long after we were full. The potatoes are to die for--in fact, my husband took a fork to the back of his hand for trying to steal some from my plate. I asked for my veggie omelet with egg whites, which came out perfectly. My husband's gravy-doused meal was a slice of heaven for him (I may have caught him licking the plate a time or two). We've been eating over-priced food during our entire week in Vegas, and the food wasn't nearly as good as we found here. When I wanted a beverage refill during a particularly busy rush, I flipped over the egg on the table and it wasn't 10 seconds before, not one, but TWO servers rushed me to help out. I can't say enough good about the restaurant, from the service to the food to the prices. Well done, management and staff!
4	The stuffed French toast was amazing! 2 massive pieces with 4 eggs in each one. Big portion at a good price. Banana Nut muffins to die for. Came after breakfast so there was no wait.
5	You want good home style breakfast... This is it... Everything is good... Service was great!
4	I came here today with a good friend from out of town who wanted some breakfast while he waited for some car servicing to be done.  He let me choose the place and this was it.  I've driven by a lot of times and never stopped.  That was changed today.We were seated promptly and were served coffee and water promptly while we looked through their extensive menu done in the form of a tabloid newspaper.I got the Benedict's Garden, a vegetarian Eggs Benedict.  It came with English muffin halves on the bottom, then sliced grilled tomatoes, some avocado, and topped (the menu says smothered which is close) with Hollandaise.  There were potatoes and a side of some fresh fruit.  My friend got the Mexican omelette which was the special of the day.Everything was really good.  My eggs and the mixture of avocado and tomato with the Hollandaise was quite good.  The breakfast potatoes were really flavorful and the small slice of canteloupe and fresh pineapple was like having a dessert at breakfast.  My friend thought his omelette was one of the best he has had.  Be prepared for a large breakfast.  The omelettes are listed as four eggs.We chatted and passed a considerable amount of time.  Service was fast and cheerful.  It was a good way to start the day.
5	Didn't really want to patronize the usual breakfast buffets in the hotels, so my husband and I set out to find a local breakfast spot that we'd really enjoy.  Boy did we find it!!!!!!The banana nut muffin was probably the best I've ever had!!!!!  Everything on the menu looked good so we really had a difficult time placing an order.  However,  I ended up with the enchilada omlette which was devine and my husband had a chili omlette and he loved his as well.  We were stuffed by the time we were done and promised ourselves we would return once again before we ended our vacation.
4	After weeks of passing it up saying "we really need to go there soon", we FINALLY took the plunge and stopped in for breakfast. I have no idea why we waited so long... It was one of the most enjoyable breakfasts I have had in a LONG time. I sort of built my own eggs Benedict and was pleasantly surprised by the hollandaise sauce that came with it! The hash brown patties were perfectly crisp (side order) and the coffee was quality. Great "default" breakfast/brunch place! Very casual demeanor and the staff is SO pleasant. Our server was Amanda; she was great! Will definitely be going back soon for breakfast, and will more than likely stop in for lunch!
5	Order "Brad's very special"
4	BEST BREAKFAST EVER.So good the wife and I went two days in a row during a recent visit to Vegas. 4 Star Breakdown from two days:WAIT TIME: 4*Day 1 : Long ( We were told 15min , and it ended up being over 30min wait.) Day 2 : Quick ( seated in about 5- 10 min. )Food: AMAZING!!!! 5*Service: 4* ( They have clever yellow / black eggs as signs that you need help)Day 1 : Had a server by the name of Amanda, who ROCKED!!! She was the perfect      host, and made the experience great. (she gets 5 *+ )Day 2: Never got the servers name( skinny preggo chick), she never came buy often, and when she did, she would completely forget about stuff we asked for. The guy next to us sat there for a good 20min before she took his drink order, and even longer to get him his meal. I had asked for a refill of water, and she seemed to bring water to everyone around us, except for me. The she abruptly brought us our bill that we had not asked for , while we were still eating, and didn't even ask if we wanted anything else. Oh yeah I still hadn't gotten my water, so I asked her again and finally as we were getting up to leave, she brought water. Overall, This is a MUST when I'm in Vegas.
5	Damn this banana nut muffin is delicious. And for the portions, sizes, and service, it's quick, and inexpensive. Whether you're coming in hung over, or looking to feed and fuel up... DO IT. I love this place for their courteousness and most importantly their delicious breakfast. Also, if the wait gets too long, go across the plaza and hit up Zia records and check out their vinyl, cds, DVDs, whatever you're into :)
5	There is definitely a reason why there is always a wait for this place...it is totally worth it!!!I got one of the Egg & I specials - Chicken Fried Steak  which consist of 2 eggs, ranch potatoes, and a banana nut muffin which you can totally share with 2 people except for the muffin. Please dont share that. Get your own, damn it. Its too good to be shared!Wait a minute! Did I say RANCH POTATOES???!!! OH HELL YEAH!!! Its the best tasting season potatoes ever! They are not like french fries nor tots but they are cubed shaped fries. I almost died when I put one in my mouth. This is why I scored this place a 5. The potatoes and banana nut muffin totally suckered me in for life! I dont even like banana nut flavored anything or muffins and this muffin was the bomb!!!My chicken fried steak was huge and just perfect. Its not oily at all, just plump and juicy. 5 star in my book. I think the service was good...I think the wait wasnt too bad... shit, I dont remember, I zoned out after my first bite of those delicious potato fries!
3	Good breakfast food off the strip of Vegas. Price is reasonable (Around $10 per plate) and they give you a lot. Enough for you to take back home unless you are coping with a hangover and need all the carbs you can get. The Banana Nut Muffin is really as good as everyone says it is; especially with the spread. You can tell they bake it fresh as there is no complex presentation to it. It is just simply muffin off the pan. I ordered the egg-ceptional omelette and it was decent. Definitely worth the money but, not mind blowing. I would try their other items if I go again. My friend got the stuffed french toast and that looked very good. However, the ranch potato side were delicious and exactly what I needed after a long weekend in Vegas. Their high selling point is their super nice staff. They give you the perfect amount of chit chat and leave you alone time.Use their egg signs. Yellow Egg means you need attention; Black Egg means leave me alone.
2	First impression: very loud and raucous. I'm not really sure what all the fuss is about. The food was pretty standard diner fare. Nothing remarkable at all.   Had a BLT with their home fries. It was average. To read some of the review here you'd think this place was heaven on earth. I'm here to say that the food was just okay. When you calculate in the above average prices then this isn't a very good value in my opinion. The service, on the other hand, was very good. Staff was great.
3	Food:We had the fender bender crepe and the strawberry cream french toast. Both were pretty good. I was not too into the bean sprouts in the crepe. We both thought the french toast was too sweet and started to wear on you haha.Service:Our waitress was awesome. We got a seat outside but it was about 95 degrees outside. I asked if she could move us inside and she did without any issues, and it was pretty busy that day. After that she was all smiles and our coffee was consistently full.
5	It was our first time in Vegas and relied on yelp to find out what might be some great places for breakfast. We came across this cute and delicious spot and didn't regret anything! I ordered the banana walnut french toast and my boyfriend had a skillet. Both were extremely good! Potatoes are a must have. I repeat, YOU MUST HAVE THY POTATOES! Also, I asked for my ham to be warmed up b/c it was cold, but she offered to make me a new one. Minutes go by and turns out they forgot my ham. BUT DON'T FRET! Not only did she get me my ham ASAP, she took it off the bill AND free muffins to go. Yum! Can anyone say, awesome service???
5	Egg & I, Good food and great service!  I can't ask for more.  I'm not sure if this is a mom & pop store, but it definitely felt like one.  When my party and I got there at 1pm on a Saturday, we didn't have much of a wait.  The portions were big enough to share.  Ambiance is diner style, but neater.  I love the fact that they have a yellow & black egg attention sign on each table so you won't need to wave down a waitress.  I left very satisfied and I intend on going back whenever I am in town again.
5	My wife and I love getting "Kay's Special" whenever we go there.  We love this place!
1	Hard to ruin breakfast, but they managed. Dry burnt eggs and tasteless food. May have been convenient but would not recommend it.
4	Fantastic....got me an ultimate skillet. season well...
4	The breakfast was very good. Mist dishes were delicious.  Don't order the buckwheat pancakes. They were very dry and blend. My yogurt with fruit and granola was yummy. So were all the homemade muffins. The skillets were very good if you don't watch your cholesterol or count the calories. I would definitely come back
5	This place is great!!!!  Awesome food and really great prices!!!  Will definitely return!!
3	Ive lived in Las Vegas about 3 months now and drive by here often and have always wanted to stop and try it.  Especially, after seeing all the amazing yelp reviews.  Unfortunately i wasn't very impressed.There were a ton of people (as i expected) and my son and i only had to wait about 5 min., the entrance is horrible.  Seems like such a fire hazard to me....way to many people in and out and standing in the door way.  The seating was way too cramped for me.  But the waiter was right there and got our drinks right away.Our food was brought out in great time.  Iam on a very strict diet, so i ordered whole wheat banana pancakes.  They were HUGE !!! but tasted like something i could have very well made at home.  My son had Mickey Mouse shaped pancakes with a fruit face and bacon mouth.  He loved that part but that was about it.All in all it was 'ok'.....i may or may not go back....im reading about all the yummy stuff that my diet doesn't aloud perhaps on my next cheat day ill try again.
4	Patio seating is nice, if u dont mind a few flies. Very nice staff so far. I really enjoyed my meal. The home fries are good and so was my veggie and bacon omelette. I will come back next time im in town.
4	Friendly folks, lots of seating, good food and coffee - my only complaint was that the potatoes were very salty.  Other than that, tasty and good - it was great to get away from the Strip on our trip and just be with the locals.  Our server was lovely and it was an overall great breakfast experience.  Would definitely return.
5	This is a great breakfast and brunch place. Always busy and packed especially during weekends. I tried their Eggs Benedict Florentine and it was delicious and a hefty portion. It came with potatoes and side of fruits. My friend had steak and eggs and she liked it. The steak was flavorful. Will be back!
4	Great local breakfast restaurant.Fantastic service, selection and prices.Anything from basic steak and eggs to a selection of benedicts to loco moco.  All filling and oh so good.Next time you are visiting Vegas, take a little drive and get out of the overpriced resort restaurants.
5	yelp comes through again, banana bread is awesome service is great oh and don't forget the breakfast
5	We love love sitting out side and eating the wonderful food at egg and I it is a dog friendly.  Ask for Stacie she is a sweetheart out on the outside patio!    We love the green chicken enchiladas omelette :)
5	This place is by far the best breakfast/lunch restaurant in Vegas...great quality food and service was amazing! The staffs works as a team to make sure you have everything you need! Highly recommend!!
4	Recently ate breakfast here on a Sunday morning in mid Oct '13.Wait : 20 mins for 2 patrons at 10:30am. : 3 starsDining room : simplistic but acceptable appointments (furniture, wall decor) : 3 starsMenu choices:  plenty of options, and menu was easy to read : 4 starsFood : my party ordered :breakfast burrito - 5 stars, pancakes - 5 stars, scrambled eggs - 4 stars, bacon - 3 stars, 'work' potatoes - 4 stars, fruit plate - 4 starsValue : reasonable prices for quality of food, good prices for quantity of foodSummary :I enjoyed my visit and would visit again.
4	I would give the food 5 stars; my wife would give it a 3.  We had to wait 20 minutes for a server and Crystal came to our rescue.  It was not her station and she was a star once she knew we hadn't been served.  I went there for Loco Moco but ordered the Island Favorite; Portuguese sausage, eggs and sticky rice with a slice of fresh pineapple.  It was a real treat!   I have used Kikkoman soy sauce all my life and was pleasantly surprised by "Aloha Soy Sauce" that Crystal brought to the table.  It is slightly sweet and was a nice change.  My wife said the biscuits and gravy were good but did not enjoy the "works potatoes: which looked like diced potatoes, deep friend and seasoned with Lawry's seasoning salt.  She had a side of bacon which was really good.
5	Let's review. Two days in a row. Two different items off the menu. Two reasons to smile. Janeen was great and attentive BOTH days as well! Can't wait to come back for some more banana nut muffins either! Everything is so fresh and delectable. I could seriously try anything on the menu and go home happy.  Hopefully I'll be back in a couple of weeks!
5	The best cure to a hangover and it's Vegas so chances to visit Egg & I are high! It was so tasty that I actually came here two breakfasts in a row. This restaurant will definitely show you the sunny-side of your day. ;)The servers are really nice, and accommodating to custom orders. The menu is a cute, reminiscent of a newspaper so it give you an old-timey diner feel of reading a paper in the morning. The little black and yellow egg sign was cute too, just flipping it let the server know that you needed their attention, so many eggs everywhere it was a bit on the cheesy  side. The extensive menu did not help my indecisiveness, everything is equally good and largely portioned. I loved the country style potatoes, the seasoning is perfect so I recommend getting that if you can as a side.Don't forget to bookmark this place or the yolks on you!
5	Love the four egg omelet and the marbled rye toast. They leave the pot of coffee with you so you never run out. More food than I could eat. Service is fast and friendly. Love this place.
5	Karla is the best!!!! Great service and very very very fast!!! Give her a raise guys and a big tip when you go!!! Food was good!!! Definitely coming back!
2	Can I get some food with my salt? Ordered the deluxe skillet. It comes with mushrooms, and bell peppers, neither of which where cooked or even warm. It also comes with a generous portion of...you guessed it, salt. So salty that it left this tingling sensation on my tongue all day. Aside from that, the coffee was really good and they give you a large amount so u don't have to constantly ask for a refill.
4	When in another city eat like the locals. Don't stay on the strip in Vegas, sometimes the best food is worth driving for! And this place right here is no exception.Even on a busy morning we were seated quickly. Our waitress was super friendly and quick to come by and see if we needed anything before she took our order.The food came out and I was pleasantly surprised at the amount and the quality. The scramble I got was basically overflowing from the dish it was served in and the pancake, I shit you not, was spilling over the plate! haha.Definitely going to be a stop in spot each time in LV.
5	Great service.  Great food.  There were 20 people waiting.  We were sat in 10 minutes.
4	Very friendly staff and delicious meals. The only problem is that is high on fat and you have to wait 15-20 mins to start eating. The banana nut muffin is overrated. If you check in with foursquare you can get the muffin for free.
5	Great service!!!Waitress showed patience even when we couldn't make up our minds as to what to order.  The food was great tasting.  I go back here to eat breakfast no questions asked.
5	I love this restaurant.  It's a GREAT American style breakfast, and an awesome way to start at least ONE of your Vegas mornings.  Yep, just like everyone has mentioned, the Banana Nut Muffin is amazing.  Soft, warm, full of delicious Banana Nut taste!  We would've taken some more to go if we didn't plan on going to the outlet afterward.Our group ordered different items and not one of us had anything bad to say about anything!  We looooved ALL of it!  The potatoes were very good too.  It's a place everyone should try at least one morning here.  Seriously...GO TO EGG & I!!!!!  NOW!
5	always a good breakfast place and good service. always with a smile from the hostesses to the server. I recommend this to all locals and tourist.
5	Great egg, mushroom and cheese scramble.  Banana muffin yummy. Waitress, Janeen very bubbly!
4	I love this spot. It is one of my top 10. I can eat break fast all day. I love there potatoes. I usually get a skillet with meat and potatoes. Perfect hang over food, for me any way. Only thing I don't like is this place is always packed. Many locals know about this place. I haven't ate inside yet, I always order over the phone, and pick it up. It stays busy for a reason.
5	I know there's a lot of other breakfast places 2 eat at, especially the buffets in Vegas but I can only take so much of all u can places.  That's y we chose here, w the help of yelp of course!  It's kinda "retro" in there.  The waitress we had wuz nice.  She kept coming back & giving me coffee refills.  I ordered chicken fried steak.  It came w 2 eggs, ranch potatoes & the best banana nut muffin.  Omg, it wuz 2 die 4!!! That wuz yummy!!!  The place gets busy so try 2 come early.  Located off the strip.  I love breakfast places like this!!!
4	Good breakfast, good service, good parking, not a long wait. :)
5	Every time I'm in vegas, this place is a must come....they always deliver great service, amazing breakfast(chile relleno omelet) and lots of smiles...I strongly recommend this joint
3	A groupon and good reviews lead me to try this place in Vegas. Normally, I do not go off the strip to eat. I don't think this place is as good as the reviews lead it to be... the place was packed when I went though, around 11am. It took about 30 minutes or so for a table. Looking at the menu, LOTS of stuff looked good and I had trouble deciding what to eat. The menu is a newpaper, which is actually really cute and different; also, there is a lot of word-play on the menu which I thought was cleaver. I ended up getting the chicken fried steak skillet and my brother got the carnitas skillet. Both did taste good, but I did not think it was spectacular. Portions were a good size, a bit larger than average. My chicken steak was tender and crispy and the gravy was good... but the house potatoes it came with was way too salty. I mixed everything together to try to lessen the salt taste, but in the end, I couldn't finish all the potatoes because, well, it was just too much salt. I think they need to put less of the seasoned salt on it. I'm a total potato lover and I couldn't finish my potatoes. My skillet also came with 2 eggs, anyway you want and a muffin or toast. I chose the muffin. It was good-average. I tried a bit of the carnitas skillet... but I'm not a big Mexican food fan... so it wasn't to my liking really, but my brother liked it. His did not come with a muffin or toast though. I also ordered coffee, thinking it was going to come in the interesting cup I see posted... it came in the ugly typical diner coffee cup...Personally, I think Hash House A Go-Go has much better food and better prices... and way bigger portions!! My brother agrees with me too. I don't think this place is worth the wait... it didn't stand out in my mind. Just an average breakfast place. Prices are fair... my chicken fried skillet was $10.50 and the carnitas skillet was about $11. Go to Hash House A Go-Go if you want special yummy breakfast food... this place is just average.
5	Hands down some of the BEST breakfast I have ever had the opportunity to eat. It was totally obvious that several of the people eating there were EDC attendees, because the dining room was full of kandi wearing partiers. There wasn't much of a wait since we were immediately seated. Our server was awesome and totally encouraged us to customize our meals. I got one of the massive scramble and country potato dishes with a side of biscuits and gravy. The food is amazingly delicious, fresh, and a great value. If you're looking for an epic breakfast joint away from the strip then definitely come to this place to escape the overpriced food on the Strip.
5	Great service, eggceptional food.  I wish we had such a breakfast place in Salt Lake City. Carla too amazing care of us, and our meals were prepared perfectly, even though the portions were too big.   It was my second or possibly third visit here, and it is consistently great.
5	I love this place. You have amazing selection of eggs, i recommend eggs-plus. The muffins are terrific!
3	Had the veggie benedict and the biscuit and gravy. Perhaps we ordered the wrong this. I was not impressed with the quality of the ingredients or the way they were put together.
4	This was another great Yelp find. Very friendly and quick service keeps this local breakfast restaurant moving smoothly. The food was great, no bad surprises. The banana but muffins have a great flavor, but the texture could be improved upon.Great eggs, good chorizo, fresh fruit was sweet and hash was good too. Great place for a simple but tasty breakfast!
5	What a find! After having humongous buffets at various places in Vegas, this was a welcome change! Definitely give it a try on your way back. My husband had the eggs Benedict and I got the veggie omlette. Very cute little place.
4	I HATE breakfast food... And I like this place :) I have found that after a night out, everyone always wants breakfast foods. This is a great place to take your breakfast-loving friends and still get what you want!Must try:Muffins- They are to die for! Try the banana nut, AWESOME!Cincinnati Chili- It certainly isn't Skyline, but at least they are trying :) Fruit Plate- Fresh and someone else did all the work cutting it up for me. Skip:Salads - I have tried two different salads here. Although there is enough to feed a family of 4, bigger portions don't make a better salad. I found the chicken really boring and dry. I will be trying something different next time. The service: It has always been the same. I get greeted by a friendly person, served by an even friendlier person and bid goodbye by an even friendlier friendly person. I think they have conquered good service. I love their happy eggs on the table :)
5	In Vegas for a softball tournament & looked up a breakfast spot. Found this place on Yelp & decided to check it out. Had a great experience! The hostess was friendly, the waitress was great & the atmosphere of the place was awesome. Got our food quick, for how crowded it was! The food was perfect. Full of flavor and fresh. It was pretty crowded for a Friday morning but we got seated pretty quick and out of there within an hour.
4	Items selected:CoffeeCinnamon RollBanana Nut MuffinChocolate Chip Pumpkin PancakesCarrot Cake French Toast with Sassy ApplesWith a house full of boxes waiting to be unpacked and a long run already in the morning's rearview it was with carbohydrates on my mind that we descended on venerable The Egg & I just after 6:30am and finding only a few regulars inhabiting the space as a half dozen holiday-clad servers stood in waiting I can only assume that both food and services rendered were as good as the restaurant gets...and both were pretty darn good.  A whimsical concept with a plethora of breakfast staples "eggceptionally" categorized plus a number of seasonal specials it was without hesitation that eyes turned to things autumnal and with a full pot of coffee in hand each dish that followed was exactly as expected - fresh, comfortable, and delicious; the sort of thing you 'could' make at home but never do...though if you make banana bread this light and moist or carrot cake pudding moldable to crispy French Toast I'll gladly come over, bring the coffee, and do dishes.
4	Just like most other reviews say , the banana muffin is great- the potatoes are as well- the wife & myself both had the skillets , they were good . Plenty to eat , service was good staff was friendly , food came out quick- a good place off the strip
5	I went there today around 11:30am, this was my 2nd time here, had a great experience last time so I had to come back again for some more great food!!It was pretty packed inside so u can tell this place does a good job satisfying the customers, one of the waitress was able to seat me right away since I was by myself.I was gonna order the stuffed French toast AND their Ultimate Skillets but the friendly waitress said she could do half portion of each since she said their portions are pretty big, so I agreed and ordered half n half. The food came and they look amazing!! The skillet was delicious, their potatoes were very flavorful, the stuffed French toast with eggs and syrup was yummy. Maybe I was just hungry, I felt like I could handle the full portion of BOTH next time. My waitress was really friendly, always have the smile on her face. Would definitly be back next time when I m in town. Want to buy their groovy t shirt but they don't have size Large. Maybe next time.
4	I ate at this place yesterday before heading back to San Diego and had the best Chocolate chip pumpkin pancakes ever!  Okay, maybe they were the only ones I've ever tried, but still, I thought the pancakes were great, yet maybe a little on the sweet side.  I had no idea that this place was going to be so popular and after eating there I know why.  The staff was pretty friendly as well.  I wouldn't mind coming back to this establishment for breakfast next time I am in Vegas.
4	This place is one POPULAR and PACKED breakfast spot on weekends that's for sure.Although they were super busy and packed the one weekend day we showed up, we were seated immediately near the back where the patio seating is. I ordered one of their scrambles I believe and I got the banana bread on the side as well. Banana bread was seriously super moist and very buttery. I loved it!Service was very friendly and efficient. Pricing is obviously very affordable being that it's off The Strip. Once again, we love eating where the locals eat. Best bang for your buck fo sho! Thanks Vegas Yelpers for helping us find this decent breakfast joint.
5	This will be your little secret breakfast restaurant. It's amazing. Try the steak and eggs. If you get a waffle get it with whipped cream and fruit
4	I always loved the Egg & I. My dad used to take me here when I was a child, and I've been coming back ever since. I drive about 30 minutes to get to this particular location.I had an egg-crepe with mushrooms, bacon, and cheese- breakfast potatoes and banana bread sides. Although I wasn't impressed with the "crepe", it wasn't the fault of the cooks. The eggs came out perfectly cooked and of course I polished off every morsel of fried potato on the plate and considered picking a couple cold ones off the floor that have been there since we stopped in. YES- THAT GOOD! So back to the crepe, it was like trying olives for the first time in a restaurant and deciding you don't like olives. It's not their fault you don't like olives.. I don't like egg-crepes.The banana nut muffin.. Oh man.. Would it be terrible to walk in there and order a loaf of banana bread and just eat it all for breakfast? Probably for your arteries, yes- but it's damn good for the soul.Everything here is delicious. EVERYTHING!
1	Horrible experience. Bacon...cold and old.  Pancakes dense and hard.  Potatoes deep fried and extremely salty. Please go somewhere else. Their food is NOT good.
4	The Egg & I is an outstanding local diner with great service and great food.   It's the perfect hangover cure and refreshing escape from the strip.   We usually visit this place when en-route to Utah for road trips.  Definitely check it out.
4	The food is excellent, the service is iffy but then again they are super busy so I guess it's hard to get it right & knock it out of the park all the time. Pancakes are awesome, eggs of course are great. Bacon tastes good (pork chops are goooood, Pulp Fiction reference). 5 for the food, 3 for the service (4 overall). If you're visiting Vegas, come here as you will leave with your stomach more than satisfied and your wallet won't take a pounding like it would on the strip!
4	Egg & I is better than Hash House A Go Go by a long shot!I'm not a fan of breakfast foods but even I liked this place! Great service, good food, large portions for the price!Great flavor and surprisingly not too heavy / oily if you order the right thingsI got the Benedict Garden and bf got the chile relleno omelet with a side of guac. Both our dishes were fresh and delicious. Hearty portions but just enough to leave you feeling satisfied and not sluggish.The banana nut muffin that came with it was delish as well. Love that the potatoes were seasoned, crispy, and not too oily or soggy at all.If you're wondering where to go for breakfast, do yourself a favor and come here! Skip Hash House a Go Go and their buttery, greasy, bland disgusting junk they call food...that place is so overrated.TIP: check in on Foursquare to get a free banana nut muffin :)
5	Eggcelent! Discovered this place through Groupon and Yelp reviews. Better than most tourist spots on the strip. Good quality food, fresh homemade, large portions, good variety, great customer service, inexpensive, and lively atmosphere. Ordered: Harvest (pumpkin) 3-short stack pancakes, works (seasoned) potatoes, 2 sausage patties. Also ordered buckwheat waffles, eggs, and sausage- everything was excellent! Go early, started to get crowded around 10am on a Monday morning, weekends might be even busier. This will definitely be on my list of places to dine when in LV.
3	Man... people freak out over this place, but I'm not really sure why.  It wasn't bad. Just not much different from dozens of other places.  Think Denny's.  There you go.  I will say this, though... great service.  I had the corned beef hash.  They top it off with an egg.  I LOVE CBH, but I wouldn't order this again.  I was with three friends.  They had scrambled eggs, eggs benedict, and a chili cheese omelette.  Scrambled eggs are the same everywhere.  The eggs benedict had WAY too much hollandaise sauce.  The omelette, though, was killer.  In fact, we stopped eating our dishes and ate from her plate.  What?  Now... the banana nut muffin.  I didn't think it was all that.  Good flavor, but mine was kind of hard.  The girls, though... I swear they had an orgasm.
5	Absolutely love Egg and I been coming here as long as I can remember!!! The staff is amazing as well as the quality of food and the menu is quite selective!!! Their motto is eggsactly  what you want and they mean that!!! We eat here at least four or five times a week and it is always a homerun!!! Best breakfast and lunch in Las Vegas as well as a very well ran business!!! Brad is one half of a business owner and as you can see there is never turnover in any of his four locations soon-to-be five!!! In this town you are as good as your last meal!!!
5	I have been there several times and every time I have a great experience. We have ordered different things bisquit and gravy, omelets, pancakes, all the regular breakfast foods and everything have tasted great. You cannot leave this place without trying the banana nut muffin, breakfast potatoes and the coffee. All the dishes we have tried for breakfast have been delicious. This place is a must and is on our list for every Vegas trip. We have even purchased their coffee bag to make their coffee back at home.
4	Good Breakfast spot in Las Vegas!  We enjoyed it over the Thanksgiving Holiday.
5	This place is PACKED and for good reason - everything on the menu is delish! Crisp bacon, Rueben sandwiches on homemade rye bread, banana nut bread muffins dripping with butter, and oh by the way - the staff is exceptional! I would take a cab from The Strip for breakfast again at this place!
5	Who knew that making over easy eggs was an artform?  This place has mastered the art of making eggs.  I was visiting Vegas with family and actually craving pancakes, but I couldn't eat at a place called "The Egg & I" and not have eggs.  So I ordered a simple breakfast the Eggs Plus (over easy eggs, grits, toast, and bacon).  I had never seen such a perfectly cooked over easy egg, and it definitely tasted that way.  The white of the egg was so airy!  My mom was willing to share a bite of her eggs benedit, and they were soooo good!  I felt I had to commemorate the visit, so I bought my mom an "Egg & I" coffee mug.  :)  Oh, and the staff was very friendly.
5	DEFINITELY WORTH THE DRIVEWe found our way here by accident last year and made a point of going back this year. Everything is delicious that we have ordered. Pork carnitas skillet was perfection. Apple cinnamon pancakes were delicious as was the often-mentioned banana nut muffin. Come hungry or share...they are generous with their portions.
5	Found another bomb breakfast place in Vegas!! this place is on the Zagat list so that's why it gets a lot of ppl there every morning!! we ordered the steak benedict n the corned beef. Let me tell u this... the steak benedict was sooo good lots of steak in it so I was really full after! but the corned beef was even better!! My gf ordered that one wanna swtich with her hahah kinda far from the strip but its worth the drive tho!!
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 6/100Be sure to arrive early (before 9am) if you want to be seated within 10 minutes because those banana nut muffins are pretty amazing!Servers are always busy and it can be hard to get their attention with a never-ending inflow of people so what you can do is turn your eye to your table stand. Flip from a black to a yellow egg as an indicator that you're ready and a server would be at your table in no time. I found it unique and utterly adorable. After taking a while to eye the vast newspaper style menu, I got a huge portion of tender country fried chicken served with over easy eggs, home fries and their iconic banana nut muffin while mommy got the chicken, broccolli and mushroom skillet. It was the best thing that happened that morning. A point to take note of; the skillet is blanketed with a layer of cheddar cheese (wink to the lactose intolerant). To my fellow mint-lovers, do not miss the caramel peppermint candies available at the cashier. Slip a couple more of em' in your pockets if you can.
4	From the outside (& inside) it looks like a typical diner type restaurant BUT dine here you'll soon notice the difference. First, the staff is great, always warm & welcoming. Second, they have a system in place so you never have to wait longer than a couple seconds for anything (whether it's more water, ketchup, your order).The food is really good!! I've never tried anything I didn't like here and they're consistently good! Their coffee is my absolute favorite coffee, it's rich and full of flavor. My favorite items:- Their skillets are really good, esp. The bacon & onion one.- Avocado bacon & cheese omlette- Banana bread french toast- PancakesIt's a great place for a fuss free brunch, sweatpants and hangover included.
4	This is a great breakfast spot in Vegas if you are visiting the strip and have a car. If you want to avoid long lines or expensive buffets, this is a great local alternative. Be prepared to wait in line! There is usually some time of wait in the morning to brunch. I would definitely recommend trying to get there as early as possible. When I first walked in, I thought...hmm this looks like a glorified Denny's. However, the painting on the wall was cute but the the rest of the restaurant was a bit dated in decor. However, it was easy to ignore all of that and realize that every seat was packed with a combination of locals and visitors to the great city of Las Vegas. Being a more health conscious eater, I ordered a egg white veggie omelette. My husband ordered the combination of eggs over easy and banana nut pancakes. Both were excellent, high quality ingredients and well made. The best part was getting the bill which was just a little over $20. That amount would barely cover one person's entrance into a mediocre Vegas strip brunch buffet.
5	Love this place--it's like Cheers, everybody knows my name!Been eating here since I was in Elementary school....did you know this place opened up in 1983? Just a little food for thought! :)Anyway, about the food...I love and highly suggest the:-Italian skillet-Corn beef hashAnd my new favorite...-Pork Carnitas!!!!!! (Drool)Do yourself a favor and give this place a shot, it's an oldie but a goodie! :)
5	We came after a fun weekened at the strip. My friend flew in to meet us for a friends bachlorette. And she had to catch a flight back. So we wanted something good but quick. I looked on yelp for a breakfast joint and found this. We walked in and asked if we could sit and eat within an hour. And the host said we could if we sat outside (since everyone wanted to sit inside because it was a bit chilly that day) so we sat outside... ordered quickly... i had the flapper ( eggs bacon and pancakes. ) My friend had the burger . And the other two had biscuits with gravy. Everything came out very fast. We couldnt belive it.also... Crystal was the best server!! She was constantly checking on us and made sure we had everything we needed. So back to the food. OMG. My food was good. But my friends burger with fries was amazing!!! And the biscuits with gravy! But that burger.... lol. Maybe I was a little hungover.. but it was so juicy.the bread was not your typical diner bun. Also the french fries were the match stick kind with great seasoning.. only thing I would recommend is that they mix plain fries with these seasoned match stick fries ... I found myself fighting to eat all of them because It was a bit salty. Other than that I will definitely come back when I go on my weekend getaways to vegas! :)
5	This place has a real vibe to it. At first, the goofy murals on the walls seemed a bit overly cheery for me but after perusing the huge menu and talking a bit with our friendly waitress, a delightful pregnant English lass, i really started to get the theme. This place is all about freshness, growth, and fertility. Our waitress mentioned it and i remembered reading a review saying they always seem to have pregnant women working there. I think that's beautiful! Celebrate life, ladies!
5	Friendly staff, regular customers addressed by first name, oh and great, fresh food.. Banana nut muffins were great, waffles with heaps of blueberries, potatoes tossed in spicy cajun seasoning, and the chicken guac omelet (decided to go light) definitely hit the spot. Worth it if you don't want the crowd and headache of casino buffets.. Why would you, if you can have this! Will be back.
3	Our Friday morning Breakfast Club seems to be expanding and we ventured out to The Egg and I with a few new members. Looking back, we should have chosen a different location to welcome new members. I was not impressed with the waitress, who seemed to cop an attitude when reminded she shorted us a water. Of course I got the Chicken Fried Steak, but was met with resistance when trying to substitute a pancake for my choice of bread. I was told I could not substitute, even if paying an up charge, and would have to actually get an order of pancakes. This is the first time I have run into this problem. She also told us we could not get separate checks at the table and would have to take care of that at the register. This turned out to be a fustercluck and inconvenienced the customers behind us at the register. The CFS itself was good, as were the potatoes. The eggs were eggs. I was leaning towards two stars, but the quality of the food helped to compensate for the difficult waitress.
5	Great place for that comforting desire of the south west. Service staff is friendly and accommodating. There are regulars left and right due to the variety of food served. One can order the American eggs and toast with a side of fruit as well as the Belgium waffle that is crisp on the outside and moist on the inside.Their house banana muffin is awesome! Their potato fries and squares have an seasoning that has just enough flavor in it to mix perfect with your eggs. We had an excellent experience and will most definitely go back.
1	This place is horrible. There was five in our party and four of us got waffles and the other one got biscuits and gravy. This gravy was so salty that she couldn't eat it. The potatoes are way too overly season salted also. It tasted like they dumped that whole container of salt in the gravy but when we complained about it to them they didn't apologize or anything, three different wait staff just simply said, "Oh we get that a lot. " One even said that everyone that gets it complains but no one here is going to actually tell the owner/cook that it tastes horrible and that no one likes it except the owner.  Service was slow, we had to ask several times for some items. Not sure why this place gets so many stars.
5	Anytime I am in Vegas, I ALWAYS stop by the egg and i.I don't like eating breakfast, esp. for breakfast... but I'll make an exception for the Egg and I.... My fav dishes are any from the 'mexican section'... but you can't go wrong w/ any dish here.  They have the 'most bestest' home fries ever!!!! Most of their plates come with a side of home fries.There's always a line anytime I come, but it usually goes fast.
3	This place was just ok... over priced for what you get. If you want a really good breakfast spot try coffee pub!!
4	I am very please with this place. I ordered the chile relleno omelette & I could not believe how delicious it was. A lot of places take a wack at Mexican which usually ends up tasting like nothing more than Pace picante tossed on top; not this plate! I can't call it authentic but it's pretty close! We also tried the chicken fried steak & eggs, yummy!! It was nice to sit Outside on their patio and enjoy the Day I'll be back!
3	Solid breakfast, a local hangout.  It does have outdoor seating.  Breakfast is always good and the place always accommodates changes in the menu.  I do like it and come back again and again with my parents, who have been coming here since the 80's.  The service is always good.
4	So we slept in and missed the breakfast buffets, that left us looking for good local food and bingo! we found Egg & I. Great friendly service, good food, just what we needed, thanks for the hospitality. It was a little chilly but we wanted to be outside on the patio so they pulled over one of the fabulous patio heaters and we were warm and toasty and well feed.
5	Eggcellent! We've been twice and enjoyed every bit of this great breakfast place! The place is packed and there is always a wait, but 15 minutes of my time is fine by me as long as I am going to enjoy the food. If you know my reviewing you will see that service, and location are not heavy factors in my rating. I am a total foody, so what is most important is the taste, the quality, and selection of foods offered. What I ordered this time was the Bandito omelette, I enjoyed it. The last time I ordered the Chile relleno omelette, it was delicious! I liked it more than the Bandito. it came with a banana but muffin, which I finished even I told myself to fight the temptation. my kids ordered the strawberry stuffed French toast, I forget the name of it but it was stuffed with cream cheese and strawberries. they wanted to lick the plate. When we go to Vegas we won't have to think twice about it, we will be there.
5	I think this place has the best breakfast in town. If you go expect a small line except on Sundays. Then its a big line.
4	Great locals spot. You can tell by all the Nevada license plates outside. The food is hearty. They specialize in guess what? Eggs! I had the corned beef and hash, expecting the can-type, which I hoped for, but it's good, high quality corned beef with hash. The eggs are cooked well. The scramble was pretty good too. Oh yea, and with the check-in you get to try their infamous banana nut muffin. It's pretty good, the muffin top rivals that of Souplantation. Yum!
4	We had a bit of a wait to be seated, but the food was worth it. And I love that they leave a whole pot of coffee at your table, very good!
5	As always "Breakfast for Champions" with Karla the amazing, attentive & vivacious waitress!!!
5	We always make it here when in vegas. In fact, it's a big part of why we come. The banana but muffins are to die for and our server Stacie was very attentive!
5	Love egg & I! The banana muffins are the best. Our server Carole Ann was a sweetheart. She was very attentive and made great suggestions :)
5	By far, the best breakfast in town! Our server today, Karla, was super attentive, quick, and very nice! I have been a loyal egg & I customer since moving to vegas in October and I have no plans to go anywhere else. Their hot sauce is amazing as well. Egg substitute omelette for the win!
5	Love this place! Always had the best experience. Today we had the best server Karla. Thank you for another great experience.
5	Awesome breakfast. Look forward to coming when I am in town. I always get the key largo crepe. Would love one of these in San Jose. Came on a Sunday once and it was packed so plan to wait. Week days are better.
5	I never expected these kind of breakfast to be any more special than other breakfast shop, but their food is just extraordinarily tasty. I like their egg work newspaper. Very creative and cute, Remember to order their omelet, super awesome!
5	THE breakfast place! The portions are always large and rarely have I found a breakfast menu with more variety. It's popular for many reasons so there may be a small wait, but the tables get turned over pretty quickly. The staff is always friendly from the hostess through the bussers. Our server, Stacie, was very nice and quick with the food. I work in the food service industry and usually have a very critical-eye when eating out. This place is outstanding!
5	Loved the Ciabatta Breakfast Sandwich Brad's Scramble Special!  Service was great and food came in a timely manner.  Jose did great and deserves to meet the Mau5!
3	Weekend trip to Vegas and I wanted to avoid the strip and hotel restaurant breakfast scene. Yelp recommended this place so the wife and I gave it a try. Pretty busy for a Monday morning. Were seated within 2 minutes, great. Server was friendly and attentive. Wife had the strawberry cream cheese stuffed french toast...yummy. Very good with a nice sized portion. I had the corned beef hash. Good stuff, also a nice sized portion. I love corned beef hash and this was homemade. Excellent. Hit the spot. Great food, good service, reasonable prices.I was not too fond of the location ( I felt it was a bit far) but I wanted to avoid the strip so I guess I shouldn't complain. The only CON for me was the lack of info on the server's part. I love pancakes, and always have them for breakfast when I dine out. I asked for pancakes instead of toast and was told they could not do that. Okay, no biggie. Not the first place that does this. However, the pancakes were HUGE and 3 came with the order. I barely even touched them because I was almost full from the hash. I was pretty upset that I dropped $6.25 for an order of pancakes that I had less than 1/4 of because of the shear size. I feel the server could've let me know they were huge and given me an option. Service is a big part of the experience when dining out. If I wouldn't have dropped $6.25 on uneaten pancakes our server would've gotten a nicer tip.
4	Alyssa was a great server today. Cheerful and attentive.  I enjoyed the banana bread French toast, but probably would have preferred something else.  We will be back!
5	I love this place!!! Best vegetarian eggs Benedict, and I've always had good service.
5	Stopped in on a Sunday morning after reading the other reviews on Yelp. I was not disappointed! As a vegetarian, I had Kay's special which was delicious, and our waitress Karla was delightful!
5	I love food the ppl and my fav waitress karla haha if you want a funny waitress to make ur day nothing but laughs shes the waitress. I come here almost everyday possible.
5	Great place for Sunday brunch.  Good food, fast service. The banana nut bread is delicious. It's busy but they move quickly so the wait isn't that long.
5	Starting now I'm eating off the strip this place is amazing don't forget to get your banana bread
5	Really good food and a really great waitress. Our server was fast and prompt. She made sure we had everything we needed before we even had to ask. Thanks Alyssa for the awesome service!
5	Great food great service! Our server Alyssa went out of her way to make our visit awesome! Great place to eat off the hustle n bustle of the strip with good prices for quantity. Will definitely be back to visit Alyssa!
5	Our service from Alyssa was awesome! Our food was delicious.  The California club was amazing and cajun fries hit the spot. Alyssa also started us off with the banana nut muffins that really hit the spot. Great service and excellent food. Highly recommend!
3	I like coming here for the breakfast, and the service is always good:: Food is usually average, I just don't like Luke warm stuff but it's breakfast so I can't complain:: I'm usually to tired too  ( one eye open) .. I drink my 50 cups of coffee cause they give me a pot! It's usually so so:: but drinkable--I guess I really just have to complain about the most simplest thing which is :: H2O:: Man does it taste like metal or is it just me?? It's horrifying water man:: beware:: If anyone is awake enough and feels the same would probably give you props if you say something:: Over all a good in the hood place for some morning grub::
5	Wow service with a smile! No long waiting the biscuits and gravy are incredible worth the drive for really good coffee too!
5	Super tasty breakfast spot just off the strip. Their menu is like a newspaper and is a couple pages long so there is something for everyone! Our server, Karla was very friendly and the service is fast!
5	Delicious breakfast place just  off the strip. Service was super friendly, food was really good and prices we're reasonable. Definitely check them out if you have the chance!
5	The egg and I is a great place with great food. You can never go wrong eating here. Karla was an awesome server. Very friendly and makes me want to come back again. One of the best places in town.
4	Karla was our server today, she was right on time w/ her greeting us and was very nice! She was of course wearing green on st. Pattys day and suggested something new which most servers do not.. I tried eggs Benny! Loved it. Thank you Karla, see ya soon
1	2Nd time eating here today.1st time was great but now i dont think so. My husband ordered chicken fried steak. The gravey tasted very strange. He scraped most of it off & continued 2eat. I ate1/2half of 1 of his hashbrown paties which had some gravey on it . W/in 30 mins i threw up ,w/in 1hr he also did the same & has not stoped all day vomiting.  I finally called & spoke 2a manager, the lady was nice &suggested  i call the operarions manager. I said no . but u need thow that gravey shit away!!
5	Best breakfast I've had in a long time these guys n gals know what customer service is all about. The French toast is amazing they know how to keep a drink filled, they're fast and all for a reasonable price. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	Egg and I is a great place!! I come here every time in Vegas. The line is pretty long, but it is well worth it. I love the omelets, French toast, creeps etc. They have great sauces, which you can take to go :-) I especially want to complement Sasha, our server. Great job! She is really fast and got everything out to order. You are the best!  See you again next year, Egg and I!!
4	Stuffed French toast was great but house potatoes could be better (I prefer a hash potato with peppers and onions rather than a dusting of spices).  Service - thanks Jose - was quick even though the place remained jammed during our entire visit. My husband enjoyed his western burrito
4	So my brother and my best friend and I decided to have breakfast here. Was a bit disappointed that this location doesn't serve alcohol but oh well. So we walk in and request an outside table and were seated in a timely manner. The hostess seated us that had the tip still on the table and I thought that maybe she didn't see so I let her know oh the tip is still on the table and she had a bit of an attitude while telling me the server would grab it. The server, Amanda, came over to us and greeted us and we told her what happened. I wasn't that upset but I just thought it was kind of ridiculous. Anyways our server was really great! Bubbly and cute and super friendly. She even sent the manager over after we had told her about the tip thing and they gave us a free round of muffins! I love that! I guess it's company policy they leave the tip on the table due to bussers stealing tips. So on to the food. I got what I always do, it's just a platter with potatoes sausage toast and eggs and it's always delicious. My brother got banana but French toast and Biola got regular French toast and it was fricking fantastic.  Once again I'd just like to say how amazing our server was! Thanks Amanda! Also I hope you win that trip to Disneyland!
2	Just moved to Vegas and heard great things about this place. Went for the first time and they offered a delicious banana nut muffin, complimentary, since it was our first time! It was great. Our food, however, was not. The server said our potatoes were fresh, but they didn't taste nor look fresh. They put wayyyy too much cheese on everything and it completely covered up the taste of everything else. So we decided to give it another try.Came back on a Saturday morning, had the banana nut muffin that tasted stale, again, way too much cheese and our food took forever! I don't know why I thought this place would use fresher ingredients... Definitely disappointing.
5	This place is as good as it gets. The best breakfast place in town! Since my first review the water issue has changed. I can find no wrong with this place. I love Egg & I.
5	I'll preface this review with the fact that I am NOT a breakfast person. I don't love anything about it. Except when I visit the Egg & I. And let me tell you ... it became a weekly event after a while.I can't turn down fresh squeezed OJ. This restaurant has delicious OJ. You should try it at least once. I love their menu. They have interesting combinations, like chicken, pesto, and eggs, and delicious twists on common breakfast dishes, like French toast. I love the scrambles the most, and would  often get the veggie scramble sitting atop ranch potatoes. Slather that mound with hot sauce and call it a day. Expect an exhilerating food coma to follow. The portions are big. I also recommend trying their complimentary banana nut muffin at least once. I don't like muffins or bananas, seriously, but I like theirs. Be adventurous, don't order eggs and a side of bacon. Live it up a little...Super awesome service. Expect to wait on the weekends for breakfast/brunch, but they have a quick turn-around and great waiters/waitresses. A nice perk to the crowded atmosphere is an egg on the table that you can flip when you require service. On a very busy day it's very helpful to the staff, and don't be afraid to use it! I've always had friendly, impeccable service here ... no complaints. I've brought every out-of-town guest here for breakfast, and we've always left happy. Stop in and give it a try!
4	Yummy! Muffins, and Karla is the best she really deserves a trip to see Micky Mouse! The portions are large and the price is low, service is great! Perfect combination.
5	Staci was just great and the food is so worth it. Great prices, everybody working together to help get people in and out. It's a breakfast wonderful
4	We went here twice on our last visit to Vegas. Overall 4 stars, one visit was earlier Saturday the other was later sunday.For our first visit, we went for breakfast. We were immediately seated, no waiting. Wait staff were prompt and friendly, however, not very efficient. I noticed on 4 different occasions of them taking food orders to incorrect tables.Aside from that the food was awesome. The wife and I both had breakfast skillets, they were cooked perfectly and portions were spot on. We left full and happy!For our sunday visit, we showed up closer to 11am. Told the wait was about 25mins, which it was. Staff were friendly and appeared to be much more efficient this visit. The wife ordered breakfast, Chicken Fried Steak and it was very delicious! I had the beef dip, which was average at best. The beef and au jus just didn't have enough flavor and the fries were soggy. So, I'd say 3 stars this visit, close to 5 the first, would be an easy 4 overall.On sunday this place was literally a zoo, people packed everywhere, kids screaming/crying, rude people in the parking lot. I'd rx going early to avoid the rush if you are the type of person that gets anxious easily.
5	The food here is good just the amount of food And everything came out hot. Service was better than some of the other places we have been to.   We would come back here to try the rest of menu
5	My husband and I just came across this place last weekend and I must say although we waited 30mins to get seated it was well worth it. After a long weekend in Vegas we wanted to get away from the strip and Long behold....was the Egg and I. The service was good and the breakfast was delicious. They have the best banana nut muffin! We ended up ordering a few for the trip back home!
5	First time eating breakfast in Vegas off the strip....best breakfast in town! Got the Fender Pender, bf got the Flapper, everything was delicious! Karla was an amazing server, she made the whole meal even better :)
4	Good breakfast spot! Our waitress was Stacie and she was awesome!! Definitely try the banana nut french toast and the egg-cellent omelet... sooooooooo worth it and it'll feed 2 people no problem!
5	This place was so good. They have a wide variety of options, but went for breakfast based off the name alone. I got the Eggs Benedict Florentine. It comes with the crispest seasoned potatoes.  FYI. The portions are really big. I wish I knew that before I went here. I left so full but happy !
5	Wow! So we came to Vegas for a quick getaway. As we were leaving our hotel, our valet attendant told us to try this place for some great breakfast! Soooooo glad we did!Thee is ample parking and our wait time was like, 25 seconds. We were taken care of right away. We go super delicious coffee, beyond superb customer service, and a great atmosphere to spend a morning or afternoon to indulge in tasty breakfast food. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	Our first time and we will be back every time we come to Vegas. Excellent food great service. Huge menu and all good
2	I was not impressed with this place at all. Coffee wasn't great, but drinkable (similar to hotel lobby coffee). My pancake was not very fluffy, too dense. I ordered it with fresh strawberries which were cooked into it, but I would have preferred them raw on top. My boyfriend's skillet (the one with sausage and ham) was ok and was probably the best thing I tried there. His mother's bacon and cheese omelette was not very good and she ate less than half. The bacon they use for omlettes is the same stuff Taco Bell does... shredded little bits that tastes like some kind of pork, just not bacon. Her friend's bacon strips were extremely overcooked, dark brown and crunchy vs. crispy. The homefries were terrible. Just potatoes with A LOT of some kind of cajun seasoning all over. I thought homefries were supposed to be seasoned with salt, pepper, onions and green peppers... The one good thing about this place was the wait time. 10 minutes for a party of four on a Sunday morning.
5	Yum! Great place to get some great food! Big portions to fill your belly, good prices, and fast service! Carole Ann was a sweet and efficient waitress.. Thanks!
5	My experience was 5 star but admittedly that's not hard to earn from me for a breakfast place. It does mean I thought the food quality of my meal was well above average, aside from that it just means the atmosphere and service was plenty satisfactory or better. Would eat breakfast here quite often if I'm awake and not in the mood to make it myself.
4	Confirmed: the banana nut bread was AMAZING!  Buttered it up and inhaled it in about 2 seconds flat..........ok a bit of an exaggeration, lets call it 20 seconds.  Had one of their scrambles and it was pretty darn good too.  Would have given 5 stars, but the one thing missing from this place...........is character.  Like alot of other really good breakfast places, it is located in a strip mall.  Food is still great, location not so much.
5	Good for family brunch.  Great food for everyone.  Super service by Alyssa!  Thanks for making our family trip so wonderful.   Alyssa, you rock!!!
5	It was our first time and we were impressed from the time we walked in, ordered our food and left the premises. We were greeted and seated right away. Sasha our waitress was fabulous. She recommended the ultimate skillet which was delicious. Steak and eggs was great too. You have to try the banana muffin, it is to die for. You can purchase a loaf to go. Fresh squeezed O.J. & their coffee was tasteful and yummy too. This is by far the best breakfast place to go to in Las Vegas. We will definitely go back next time. Great food and great customer service!!! Thx Sasha and The Egg and I staff. :)
5	This is as good as it gets! I ordered the steak and eggs with a banana nut muffin. The muffin was excellent, made in the restaurant. The steak was properly prepared as were the eggs. The potatoes were well prepared and not greasy. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and clearly happy to be employed by this establishment. The waitress was patient and friendly outgoing and concerned about the service she provided us. The other patrons in the restaurant were professionals and a delight to be around. The restaurant was clean. The service was great!If you come to Las Vegas you should check this place out. I am going to return before I leave.
5	Great breakfast food and excellent service from Rea!Food came out quickly and was perfect. We'll be back next time we're on Vegas.
5	Omg this place is so good.... The staff is great too....my boyfriend and I were in Vegas for a few days and I will say that this was the best meal I had during the whole trip! You got to go here !
5	Erin was an awesome server. She helped my husband pick his new favorite meal. We love eating here. My daughter had a waffle
5	This restaurant had the best service on our trip. They made sure we were okay throughout the morning. Their menu was awesome with so many choices. I had the Huevos Rancheros with chorizo and it was great. I also loved their potatoes. They actually give a lot of food.We sat outside on the patio and the weather was great and the experience was even better for our breakfast.I would go here again or try their other locations hoping it's very similar!
5	This place is great. Omlettes, pancakes stuffed french toast its all great and they have something for everyones taste.  Our server Karla was awesome!  She described everything we asked about with great detail. I also like that they leave the coffee pot on your table so you never have to ask for a refill.
4	Super friendly service.Huge portions.Decent prices.Delicious banana nut muffin (comes with most breakfasts).My husband got a skillet- he really liked it, though barely made a dent because it was so big.I got a crepe omelet. It was ok... Too much avocado (don't say that too often!). The salsa on the side was yummy.Potatoes were good... Just lots of them!Overall good experience.
5	I am really big into customer service and everyone here hits that out of the park. I do come here quite frequently and it never fails that I get excellent customer service. I always get a coffee with only Carmel Macchiato creamer. (The waitresses never have a problem with my requests, by the way ask for Bre she's the best!) Than I always get the half order of chicken, broccoli, mushroom skillet, its awesome that they offer half orders because there proportions are already huge! They have awesome skillets!!! I also get a side of sourdough bread with apple jelly (once again the staff always gets it to me in a respectful manner)  I don't have anything negative to say about Egg & I. I want to say thank you to this AMAZING staff. I truly feel like home there!
5	We were in the area early in the AM and decided to get some breakfast and decided to try the EGG ASND I. We had never been.Breakfast is my fav meal of the day and I really like to get or make a seriously good one. Wow, this one turned out to be great.. First, we had this great server... Thaynara... She was sweet, understanding, and smart! She has patience while we figured out what we wanted to eat, so many choices!  YOU HAVE TO SEND HER TO SEE MICKEY!!!!!!!Since we were 3, two of us decided to split the Works Veggie Benny... and Pumpkin Pancakes.. and the third party got the Chili Rellenos. Everything was really good.. I always hesitate to get poached eggs since so many restaurants make them in advance and have them sitting in a water bath, so in the end either you get a medium to hard yolk or a watery mess.. these were perfect, the minute you cut into them the yolk spread everywhere, the spinach and avocado were raw not cooked to death and I just can't believe the potatoes.. They were spiced and hot and really good, and we had a  choice of potatoes or fruit and since we couldn't decided Thay suggested 1/2 and 1/2.. Perfect. The pumpkin pancakes were moist (which I didn't expect, usually they are dry dry dry) but they were really good, like a good pumpkin cake (not pie).. And the Rellenos were really good, not too much cheese (which I don't like) and he really enjoyed them.All in all a really good meal! It's 3PM and I'm still not hungry..Oh, and we tried the Banana Muffins.. we gobbled them up! Even the coffee was OK.. Definitely, will be heading back for more!
5	With this review I will say that everything is relative.  When you consider other options in Vegas for a good breakfast for a reasonable price, this is one of the best.  If you have read my other post you know I love chicken fried steak and of course that was my order here.  The steak was seasoned very good and had a lot of flavor.... really good!  I will be back to get it again in the future.  The gravy was good but not great in my opinion.  I really liked their breakfast potatoes as well as they were season with extra season and were better than I expected.  The eggs are eggs and nothing special there.  Also their banana muffin is really good.  It is a bit greasy and not for anyone on a diet but you talking to someone that eats fried meats for breakfast.
5	I really enjoyed this place! Great food and service! I ordered the fiesta skillet with chorizo, amazing!
4	This place never disappoints. The only thing disappointing is the long wait, which only means one thing. Parking is also difficult. It's definitely worth the wait. The banana nut muffin is a must. I think the menu was made for hangovers. Anything you get on the menu would mend it. The only thing on my last visit I had an issue with was my potatoes. They were really salty. It wasn't just my potato it was also with my group. Everyone's potato was salty. Other than that everything was EGGcelent.
5	I Love the Egg and I!!! Everything I have tried is delicious but I love the fender benders part of menu also Karla is pretty awesome!!!
5	Amazing breakfast and lunch! I've been here a couple times during visits to Vegas. Huge omelettes, great skillets and delicious sandwiches. You can pretty much order anything you want your way, even a custom made side salad if you want! If you're looking for a big breakfast in Vegas, you can't go wrong with Egg and I.
5	Summary: Every time, and I do mean EVERY TIME I'm in Vegas, I HAVE to stop by Egg & I for breakfast. I mean, I was offered free breakfast at Wicked on my last day there and yet I decline because I MUST go here. The wait at time is long especially on the weekend but if you are willing to be seated in the patio, the wait time is cut in half. I couldn't have ask for a better service from all their staff.Food: Waffle, Scramble Eggs, Omelets, Work Potato, etc etc etcYou just can't go wrong with whatever you pick. Well, you might but I haven't. No matter what you order, make sure you try their work potato, it's like country potato but crunchier with more flavor. Overall: Hate their parking lot, at times we have to park at the end of the plaza and walk over but it is so worth it.
5	Fantastic service from Thynara, the Brazilian waitress!  Amazingly delicious food, fast and friendly service.  I love her.  So far the best I've had to date!
4	Very friendly welcome and service by Thanayra, food excellent: Waffle works & sausage verygood, "half" pancake stack (half is a szrong understatement though...) but pancakes a bit on the heavy side, could be more fluffy, Veggie crepes with avocado fulling excellent, chili omelett really very good well spiced, i particularly liked their "works potatpes"...
4	We came here by default because the Pepper Mill had a 2 hour wait.  The wifey found this on Yelp, and we were so glad we came here.  Great breakfast food at very reasonable prices! I had the prime rib benny and the wife had the veggie benny. Both were delicious!  The wait was not bad and the service was quick.  If you're looking for good breakfast without going broke at the buffets on the Strip, I highly recommend this place. Way better than the Pepper Mill.
1	Don't assume because we're Hispanic we won't tip good! Got bad service... Won't be going back
5	You can never go wrong with the country fried skillet. Great food and egg-cellent service!! Our server Amanda was great and always had a smile on her face. Will be back soon
4	Big portion of food and it's delicious.  Great service!
5	Took my daughters and her friends here for a breakfast birthday... Carole Ann was our waitress she went out of her way to make our visit awesome from singing happy birthday to my youngest daughter to recommending the two younger one share a meal because it's soo much food... Thank you again we will return soon .. ;-)
4	What a nice place, great staff my waitress Lindsey was very nice.  Always a treat to get a perfectly cooked sunny side egg, and the hash wasn't too bad either.
5	Searching for a breakfast joint, we took these reviews to heart and checked out Egg & I.  We were ANYthing but disappointed.  The coffee/toast/butter aroma wafting throughout the restaurant was inviting in itself.  Our terrific server, Lindsey, volunteered I could have a 1/2 order of anything, as I was not up to 4 eggs.  I chose the chili rellenos omelette - PERFECT - and a 1/2 order was more than I could handle!  My husband had the bandit scramble - DELICIOUS.  Loved that a carafe of coffee was left on my table, so I could serve myself when I wanted more.  Loved that the cost was less than a hotel buffet -- and I didn't have to serve myself!  It is now our FAVE.
5	So I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and had a business meeting with a partner that wanted breakfast.  We made our way to Egg & I.  It's a bit small and the wait a bit longer that I'm used to ... and it's definitely away from the strip ... but it was all worth it.  I really enjoyed the food.
5	This place makes some of the best omelets I have ever eaten!  They are huge too, a 4 egg omelet stuffed with everything imaginable. The staff is very cheerful and attentive.
5	Food was super good, had a very good waitress, very polite, and generous. First time going, definitely get the banana muffin
2	First, no cream for my coffee. They didn't ask or bring. Checked menu on line before we went, but this location did not have the crabcake benny. My daughter ordered a coke, they brought diet. Yuck! Food came but no forks to eat it with. I got the veggie Benny. Too much lemon in the hollandaise. Probably would have been great with the crabcakes. My daughter got the buttermilk pancakes. Chewy?  And they said that can happen when you add syrup. Really? Doesn't happen at I HOP. The manager was very concerned we didn't like our meal and took off the pancakes since they weren't eaten. The only reason I gave 2 stars. We did have 2 servers, and the 2nd was better,  but I won't be back.
5	Such an amazing place for brunch! Call ahead and ask if there is a wait just because when we got there, there was quite a line. Waited for about 15-20 mins, not bad for a Sunday, specially for Mother's Day. Ambiance is a homey relaxed vibe. They serve a variety of eggs, pancakes and chilis. They have a lot of options and vegetarians too so check out the menu! Price is about comparable to Denny's or IHOP. I ordered chile relleno omelet with banana but bread and the hubby got 'the works,' with toast. We enjoyed our food and both finished it in no time. Will definitely come back. Our server Erin is very upbeat and personable, made our dining experience a little extra special!
5	This is my second time eating here. Both experiences where exceptionally pleasant. Shout out to our server Lindsey. You were great.
5	We decided to try something other than IHOP - and, we're really glad we did! Food was fantastic - and, the service made it a perfect breakfast! AMANDA was very pleasant, attentive & we loved her suggestions.....We'll definitely be back!
5	Best breakfast place I've ever been to! I'm visiting Vegas from Hawaii and travel a lot so have tried a lot of different places. But this has seriously got to be the best! Our server was awesome, service was fast friendly and she cracked some jokes with us too! She provided great recommendations to the menu and was quick on the refills.I ordered the chicken fried steak. It was amazing! The muffin that gets offered with the meal is a must! It was delicious! The atmosphere of this place is just perfect. It has a diner feel, like a real diner feel, not some IHOP or Denny's crap. At the end of our meal, we got coffee and the served left us with a refill pitcher since we were drinking it so fast. Even though we were just drinking coffee and done eating, our server still engaged in conversation, joked around and stopped by. She got a HUGE tip to say the least.This place is the bomb!
5	The blackened prime rib benny is perfection!
4	Good food, great selection, excellent prices and phenomenal customer service. Our server Bree was charming, helpful and attentive. Girlfriend got breakfast, I had lunch.   Huge portions. The Only reason I can't give five stars is they didn't serve real 100% maple syrup. Nobody gets five stars for breakfast with "table syrup"But we will definitely be back.  My syrup snob GF will just have to bring her own.
5	MY FAVORITE BREAKFAST SPOT ON THE PLANET!!!Okay, maybe a little extreme, but you get my drift. I LOVE eating here. The staff is ALWAYS helpful, the food is always great, and the Chile Relleno Omelet is the bomb.com. PLUS --- the coffee is strong - its the perfect place to take visitors to a local Vegas spot, or just for your regular hangover cure - this place will do the trick JUST FINE, trust me, I know from experience lol
5	Awesome! Huge selections! Food was delicious. Banana muffins are the best. Stacy was are server and she went above and beyond in service. 5 stars service
3	Wonderful friendly staff and nice ambience. However, I ordered their homemade corned beef hash. It wasn't bad but it was pretty mushy. It was not even the least bit chewy. I should have questioned it when it was dropped in front of me but I normally eat my first meal of the day around 6am. It was 12 noon and I'd not yet eaten so I just ate it. 1/2 way through I realized that this was not anything close to traditional corned beef hash, especially of the homemade variety. Homemade hash to me is chunks of fresh cooked corned beef and an equal amount of potatoes, all mixed not pureed together. I can't fault the staff as I said above. They do a great job of making everyone feel welcome. And I could tell people around me were enjoying their meal. I would love to give them a better rating but this ain't my mama's hash.
5	Food was fantastic. The portiins are VERY filling. Amanda was our server and she was so sweet and helpful. We were a large party including 2 crabby seniors and a fussy baby and she made sure that everyone was well taken care of.
5	Came back a month later and had an awesome time! Place was packed but got sat right away, our server was Erin, aka freakin awesome! For was awesome just like I remembered. Country fried steak was crispy, gravy was perfectly seasoned! The banana muffin was great too. For some reason, this places coffee hits the spot. And they give a bowl of French vanilla creamers! Awesome! My partner in crime had the corned beef hash and she said it was delicious! Erin was always right there refilling waters and left a coffee thermos at our table. Bonus points! Bottom line is that if you're on Vegas, you have to eat here for breakfast. It is awesome! And Erin is the bomb!
5	Ive had this place several times, take out and dine in!! My best experiences are truly dine in! Mashed potato & cinni chilli omlette to die for!!! I love this location best servers have to be alyssa and bree!! Dont mind waiting as the food and service always wows me!
2	The food portions were rather large, which is a good thing but the quality or taste needs to be turned up a notch. I was really disappointed with the Cashew pancakes. Service was great as well, however I rate due to the taste because service is only relevant to the individual servers. I would rather go to Hash House or Mr. Mamas!
4	The works omelette was delicious. Very fresh food and Lindsey was helpful and prompt. Good dining experience, would come back again.
5	Liliana provided excellent service for our breakfast visit. My wife had the classic breakfast and said the bacon was very good. I had a special, the Hobo Scramble, which was exactly what the description said and really hit the spot. Their potatoes are deliciously seasoned. We both also had their tasty sourdough toast. Had already had coffee so can't speak to that but the iced tea was good. It was Memorial Day so there was a pretty good line but it moved quickly, only about a 15 minute wait. Hostesses were great, too!
4	Hearty breakfast where locals go. It's got a country-side vibe. Relatively cheap and large portions. Service was really quick, in and out in 30 mins. Great place to go if you're in Vegas and on a budget or if you don't wanna wait 1.5 hours for a trendy brunch place.Recommend: omelettes are okay, get a skillet. Crappy OJ is $3.25!
5	This place was great! It is not located in a hotel so I didn't have to walk through a maze to get there.  A little bit off the strip but that's what I liked about it.  There was a ten minute wait but that's how I knew it was going to be good, and it was completely worth it.  I had a skilled and banana nut muffin.  My girlfriend had their eggs "benny".  All was exceptional.  Wait staff was great.
4	An early arrival to Vegas gives us an opportunity to go off the strip and enjoy a couple of breakfast eateries. The Egg and I has a cute name and an old cowboy ranch feel to it. The menus are newspapers and the servers are friendly!Food (4 Stars): I ordered the corned beef hash with over medium eggs and the banana nut muffin. I'm usually not a banana nut fan, but this muffin changed my mind. It was full of spice and flavor, you can definitely taste the banana. The corned beef hash was pretty good with the shredded style corned beef. The seasoned potatos were DELICIOUS and I wish I could've had more.We ordered the Cinncinati 4 Way plate with onions. It is pretty much spaghetti pasta with chili and onions on top. Our group was intrgued by the ingredients so we ordered it. It was amazing!!! Who knew that chili and spaghetti pasta can go together so well?? Topped with cheese and onions, this is my dish!We couldn't finish all of our food due to the large portions, so definitely come with an appetite. The food is still good after being reheated.Service (4 Stars): Our cute server was friendly and humorous. She frequently checked up on us and refilled our cups, she even got us another table because ours was cramped.Bottom line: Hungover? Hungry? Feeling like stuffinf your face? Egg ans I will satisfy it all.
2	Food is oily and covered with seasoning. Toast is burnt. What's non dairy creamer? However the service from Samantha is completely awesome and makes up for everything. Samantha gave me some real milk to go with my coffee.
4	Had a great breakfast there yesterday morning. Service was great; Samantha did a great job. Food order was taken promptly and food brought to our table in a timely manner.  My wife had the breakfast burrito; which she loved and I had the Portuguese sausage and eggs with the banana nut muffin (a must). Overall very please with the food, service and will return again.
5	So glad we found this great breakfast spot before leaving Las Vegas. The food was great and the service was excellent. Thanks Amanda
5	This is the second time I've eaten at Egg & I and this place is soo good for breakfast. I forgot what I got the first time I've been here. The last time I've been here I got a cold turkey sandwich with french fries. The sandwich was really simple with turkey, guacomole, tomatoe and etc. Just the usually stuff but it was good. Their french fries was a bit different, it is small and crispy...not like McDonald's or Burger King fries.  I love love love their banana nut muffin!! It is so freaking good! Everyone gotta try their banana nut muffin!I would definitely come back here again.
5	A very nice surprise.  We went here because of a food network recommendation and we were not let down.  It is a basic breakfast, but very good.
5	The food is nice and hot with large more than you can eat portions. "The works" omelette is very filling as it is very well packed.Don't think twice about coming here! Just do it! You won't be disappointed.Jose was our server, did an excellent job!
5	Yummy breakfast.  Wait is as expected.  I ordered the portugese sausage hawaiian breakfast because other than in Hawaii this is the only place I have been able to find it.  It is a whole sausage they don't skimp.  Good food!
5	The Works skillet was simply amazing! Yummy homemade salsa and the homemade muffin finished everything off nicely. Biscuits and gravy was too too
5	The Carnivore is in lovely Las Vegas again, to celebrate the anniversary of his nuptials to Mrs. Carnivore.  Breakfast number one was to be hosted by The Egg and I.  The carnivore loves this place for breakfast!!!The Carnivore had eggs, bacon, hash browns, and pancakes.  This is his preferred restaurant breakfast.  There were no weak points.  The eggs were cooked perfectly, the maple cured bacon was bacony delicious, of course.  Hash browns were in patty form, but tasted lovely, and the pancakes were of the sort that I just plain love.  This is honest food, cooked presumably with grease and butter, and is just plain good.  The menus look like they are styled a bit after a newspaper, which is new and lovely.  This establishment has something The carnivore has never seen before.  Each table has a device on it that shows an egg with a happy face, or an egg with a sad face.  One is yellow, the other is black, and this means that your server can tell at a glance whether you need her for anything.  Every restaurant should employ a similar device.  Amanda was our waitress.  Yes, the Carnivore still uses the words waitress and waiter.  He also will not apologize for this, or stop doing it.  In any case, Any case, Amanda was on point for our whole visit.  All questions were answered promptly, food came out superfast, drinks were topped off without any wait, and she had an infectious smile.  She either loves her job, or should move to Hollywood.  Mrs. Carnivore and I would be delighted to have her wait on is at any establishment.  This level of service is truly rare in today's world.
3	Good food and good service. Erin was very attentive to us. Will be back the next time we are in town.
5	Another wonderful breakfast at my favorite LV breakfast spot. Server Alyssa was delightful. Try the chili omelet. My only complaint: they should make a real dairy product available on the table for coffee instead of your having to ask for it. They serve real butter, so why non-dairy creamer? Spock and I consider this "illogical". Still always 5 stars for me and I've been coming here since the 80's.
5	Food was really good and it comes out quick.  Our server was on top of it and very nice (Lindsey).  The "works" skillet was delicious.
4	Very good place for breakfast.  Had the taco skillet and it was decent.  The pancakes and banana muffin looked amazing.  Our waitress Samantha was great.
4	Breakfast was great.  Samantha was awesome. Only ate eggs and chorizo but would have loved to try the carbs.  Pancakes and muffins looked amazing.
5	I'm a big fan of this place. They have wonderful service and amazing breakfast food. Try the Carnitas with the Salsa Verde and egg. Coffee was HOT and Abundant.
5	Big tasty servings :) Really quick and kind staff, specifically BreeAnnDa :) Super clean :) Everything I want in a dinning experience.
5	We live in California and have been here 4-5 times over the course of several years. The reason for my 5 star review is that I'm at a loss to come up with a single negative. Every server has been 100% on top of it. We (myself, wife and two kids) have raved about every entree. The prices are low for strip-area Las Vegas dining. The ambiance is more mid-west USA than Las Vegas but I have no issue with that.I'm not one to freely give out 5 star reviews but the Egg and I has earned one.
4	I order a half order of the bacon onion skillet, It was very good, and the right amount of food for me, orange juice was fresh, although they forgot my order of toast. Overall a good breakfast experience.
5	Came to vegas for a week and decided to eat off the strip and found this place through yelp.  I was excited to see they served spam, egg and rice.  Came on Monday, June 9th for breakfast and from the time we walked in to the time we walked out we had exceptional customer service by Gia the manager and our waitress, Carole Ann.   They were both very personable.We we're seated promptly in the back next to the kitchen by Gia.  Carole Ann came by to acknowledge us but would be right back because she had to sing happy birthday at a table.  No biggie as we were on vacation and wasn't in a rush to go anywhere.  Gia came by and apologized but no need to apologize for the delay.  She came out with two banana muffins for us while we waited and took our drink orders and came out with it.  Those muffins were delicious.  Carole Ann came back and took our order.  I ordered the spam and egg over rice.  That came with a muffin or toast and since we already got the muffin I thought that was it.  But she offered me toast or another muffin to take home, but I declined.   My other half ordered a chorizo skillet.  The food and service was great and I would have def gone back but my intentions while I was in Vegas was to visit a different restaurant everyday.  They don't take American Express, not sure if it's just at this location. Thank you Carole Ann for great customer service, keep it up and I hope you get to meet Mickey Mouse!!!
5	Staci, our waitress, was the bomb!  The service here is great. Everyone is so friendly. The food was great. I brought my husband and brother-in-law and they loved it!  Egg and i never fails to impress!
4	I got the Texan French toast... It was pretty damn good! Coffee could have been a little stronger but not bad. Our server Alyssa did an outstanding job.
5	I came here not once, but three times during my week's vacation with my fiance. We couldn't get enough!Besides the amazing food, there's always great service! I love the little egg signs on the tables--flip the happy face to sad and the servers can all see that you need attention and someone comes along. None of that trying to wave someone down, hand signal, awkwardness going on here. We flipped ours only once and got our refill within like 20 seconds...it's absolutely amazing. (Note that using this doesn't mean you're an unhappy guest, just that you need attention...)We were served by three great servers during our breakfasts here this week: John (I think he's new), Thaynara (sp?), and Erin; all did a fantastic job bringing extra napkins, getting refills, answering questions about the menu, etc. They were quick and attentive and just all around fantastic. So, the FOOD. Amazing. I'm not a breakfast person. Usually eggs kinda gross me out if they aren't cooked right, and I'm kind of picky, I know. So why did I go to a breakfast joint and get eggs every time? Because they know how to cook them! Between the omelet, scrambled, and over medium, all were cooked perfectly!! Not that I doubted a place with "egg" in the name couldn't get it right, but every meal I had was executed to perfection. Eggs weren't dry or overcooked, nor were they runny or watery. Just right, every time.Out of the six things we ordered over our three visits, I got the coffee every time. It was piping hot and delicious, and was a perfect compliment to the breakfast... They bring the caraffe to your table so you don't have to wait for refills on the coffee, either. You've got to ask for the fancy creamers, but they'll bring some out for you no problem! (They had caramel and french vanilla, and I thinkkkk the Irish cream flavor too.) They have some awesome works potatoes (I have always called these home fries) that are seasoned and chopped into cute little cubes (more surface area = more crispy potato!) that are super tasty. Side note: if you don't want the potatoes, or just not a huge helping of them, you can ask to sub fresh fruit, or do 1/2 fruit, 1/2 potatoes, as my fiance and I did a couple of times. The fruit they have is fresh and sweet, from cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon, grapefruit, and pineapple. They also have these TO-DIE-FOR banana nut muffins. These muffins are homemade and so soft and moist! Utterly delectable--I definitely recommend them over the toast option offered with most breakfast plates.We've tried the corned beef hash (no canned meat products here!) and the country fried steak as well as the biscuits and gravy; all were keepers. The biscuits are two whole ones, not one cut in half (big servings), and I like that they cut up the steak in the skillet, makes it so much easier to eat. We also tried the works omelet and Brad's scramble. There is so much on this menu that is tasty! I did mark the price range as $$ because most of the plates are around $10-11, plus a drink, per person is kind of expensive. We were on vacation, which was why we splurged, but if you're a local this is still a lovely breakfast-brunch place to hit up for some great food. Side note the second: The decor is really cute! It looks like hand-painted farmland all over the restaurant, and they have merch available to buy with their logo at the front (i.e. a baby onesie with "just hatched" on it or something) and they sell loaves of that delicious banana nut bread to go, too!Recap: Everything is delicious, huge portions, perfect eggs, fantastic service, great experience. Will definitely return and recommend. :D
5	What an amazing find! We wanted the breakfast buffet at our hotel on the Strip, but found out that the price doubled on the weekend. So on our way out of town to the Grand Canyon, we did a quick Yelp search and found this gem. Being in Vegas, we thought it was funny that there were 777 reviews for this place, averaging 4.5 stars. It lived up to the hype! Definitely ask for the banana nut muffins, they are amazing. As are the potatoes. As are the omelettes...heck, it was ALL great! I ordered the chile relleno omelette (yes you read that right) and it was dee-lish. Our server, Alyssa, was friendly and made sure everything was to our liking and topped off. The manager, Gia, stopped by our table to check in on us and ended up giving us some great ideas of places to check out on our road trip.After the crazy hustle and bustle and falseness of the Strip, it was great to eat at a down-home style diner. I liked it so much I wanted to buy a T-shirt, but they were out of the tie-dye one that I wanted. Which is probably the only non-five-star thing I can say about this place. We will definitely be back here again the next time we're in town!
5	My wife and I went for breakfast and were so pleased with our wonderful meal, and great service from Bree!  We are both teachers and we love coming here when we visit Las Vegas during our vacations.  This was our fourth time here, and we've loved it each time!  We shared a delicious spinach, artichoke hearts, and feta cheese fritatta, and their unique Harvest pancakes with blueberries (in the batter, and in a terrific compote topping).  I've ordered these pancakes each time we've gone to the Egg & I because I love the pumpkin-spice and fresh fruit flavor combination.  We also love the cute and creative system this restaurant uses to help with customer service (using a smiling egg or frowning egg placard on each table to request service).  As teachers, we are planning to adapt this system to our classrooms for students to request help.
5	This place is fantastic! The food is great and the servers are incredible. Specifically, our server Karla was bright, cheery and spunky. We will definitely come back the next time were in town!
5	Amazing!!!  Best service and best food.  Omelets were incredible.  All food came out hot, which never happens at most places.  Erin our server rocked it.
1	Used to be my favorite place, now i'll never return :(. The service was fine but there was a hair in my skillet and I got food poisining as well. So disappointed as I used to love this spot but I have no tolerance for a dirty restaurant.
5	This place is a must stop every time I go to Vegas.  I go to Vegas at least once a year, more if I can and anyone who goes with me know that we will go here.  It is still pretty busy in the late morning even if it is off the strip, but if you go early (cause you're still on E. Coast time), or later, it isn't so bad.  At home we have a place with this name, but it is NOT the same place.  This place is epic good.  My favorites are the Chicken Enchilada Omelet, the Strawberry Stuffed French toast, the banana nut French toast, and the banana nut muffin here is out of this world.  After a 2008 trip to Hawaii I became obsessed with Hawaiian breakfast and they have both your traditional breakfast of eggs, rice and spam or Portuguese sausage, but they also have loco moco!  If you've never had loco moco it is crazy good.  Rice, steak, and eggs with gravy dumped on top.  Yummy!
5	Great place to get a hot fresh breakfast! You get a lot of food for your money! I will be coming back here, every time that I visit Las Vegas! "MUST TRY"
5	This was a very impressive breakfast restaurant!I came here with 4 of my other friends while we were in Vegas and all of us had a positive experience.  Both the food and the service were "egg-cellent."  Anyhow, I try to be a little bit pun-ny at times and this is one of them.First off, the SERVICE was great.  We came in around noon time and the restaurant was mostly crowded but our group of 5 was seated as soon as we walked in the door.  We were greeted by the hostess with a big smile and much enthusiasm.  What's interesting is that their menu is in the form of a newspaper, which is very creative and something I've never seen before.  Our waitress, Amanda, was very energetic and did a wonderful job.  She was very helpful with her recommendations, very quick, and very genuinely friendly.  I love it when the people at a restaurant enjoy what they do.  As for the FOOD, my friends and I ordered different dishes but everyone enjoyed their meal.  I ordered a hawaiian dish that came with rice, eggs, and spam.  You could also have your choice of sausage.  Now, I know it sounds plain from the description but it was probably the best breakfast of those items I"ve ever had.  Everything was prepared perfectly and also presented well.  I had two eggs that were made over-well, hot and juicy sausage that was perfectly seasoned and two mounds of perfectly scooped rice.  Also, before our dishes were served, we were given complimentary appetizers in the form of a banana nut muffin.  It was the best banana nut muffin I've ever tasted because it came out warm and seemed to be freshly made.My other friends ordered the country fried chicken breast skillet as well as a turkey sandwich that they happily shared with me.  I got to try it and it was just as excellent tasting as my dish.  The portion sizes were generous and all of us were stuffed by the end of the meal.What I found interesting was that they had a little sign in the shape of an egg that had two sides.  It was used to signal our waitress if we were in need of some help.  One side of the sign had a smiling egg and another had an egg with a sad face.  Apparently you are supposed to flip it to the sad facing egg side if you needed service.  Anyhow, the last part might not make sense until you actually go there...but it beats any breakfast place on the strip that I've been too!Lastly, the PRICE is extremely affordable.  An entire meal for one person was about $9-$10 before tax and tip.  I sort of wish they had one in Orange County but I'll definitely come back here with friends the next time I visit vegas.
4	It's a decent place for breakfast or brunch. I've had lots of different things here and none of them are incredible. The potatoes are pretty boring, honestly. The toast is always good. This last time I got the chili with rice instead of pasta. It was ok. I was expecting a small bowl but it was massive and it was covered in cheese. In my opinion, the food here is a 3 but the service is always really good. This last time, Amanda took care of us and didn't miss a beat. Nice job!!
5	Great bfast after a nite of boozing. The banana nut muffin was spectacular. They have half portions which is great if you are not super hungry or are watching your figure. Service was top notch. Ask to sit in Thaynara's section. She was one of the best servers we have ever had!
5	Just had our usually great experience here with one HUGE exception - our server, Stacie, was Fabulous!! Helpful - telling us things we never knew - beyond friendly and welcoming.  It truly made our Sunday morning breakfast egg-ceptional!And, of you are not aware (we were not), EW (Egg Works) makes terrific hot sauces - we bought the chipotle!  Gotta try them!
4	Came here for the first time today. Our server Carole Ann was in a word awesome.  My wife got the Cabo burrito and it was huge and quite delicious. The ranch potatoes were heavenly, and superbly seasoned.  I got the plain buttermilk pancakes, and they brought out not one but 3 pancakes the size of a dinner plate.  I'm a big guy, and was no match for the giant fluffy elliptical yummyness.  All in all a great place to eat.
5	Food was crazy good and service was exceptional. Our server Amanda was extremely helpful. Her smile seriously made everyone's day.
5	Nothing like Egg and I to complete a wonderful vegas trip with my friends. I ordered the Western omelet, which was just the sustenance I needed for the drive back. Not only that but I was lucky to have such a great server this time too. Amanda is one of the best servers I've ever seen in a long time. She's friendly, efficient, and extremely courteous :). SHE'S EGGCELENT. IF YOU EVER GET HER BE EGGCITED!
5	Just finished eating our meal here. Wonderful place with a good location. Always a pleasure to come here. This is my favorite breakfast place by far! Spent $80 on breakfast at the trump and it doesn't compare to this $26 dollar masterpiece! Definitely a place to stop at!
5	We were originally getting a breakfast buffet at the Wynn and decided it was too pricey. Did a quick yelp search and Egg & I appeared.To make the review short: the skillets were huge and nicely made. Prime rib benedict was on point. But the star? The warm muffin. Could just eat that for breakfast and nothing else.Service is great too. Our server, Thay, took our group pictures voluntarily and filled our glasses and coffee mugs frequently. Awesome food and service makes for a great experience. Casino buffets move aside. Come here for breakfast but leave a spot open for me.5/5 would come again.
5	My husband and I had a delicious brunch! Our waitress Stacy was kind, helpful, and made sure we had everything we needed. We will be back!
5	Another breakfast review.... well I just had too as we found another local joint in Las Vegas which just hits the top notch mark. I found this place while yelping and I'm sure glad we did...  Great customer service, great food and wonderful staff..  a big high five and HUGE thank you to our server Lindsey (hope I spelled your name correctly) as she was amazing first of all as well as everyone else in the place. Treated us like their best friends... the food came out hot and fresh and tasted wonderful. Not to mention those amazing muffins they treated us too for free for being first timers!!  Now THAT is customer service!! Talk about making an instant impression and creating an instant loyal customer... thank you to all of the staff at EGG & I for treating us so well to our visit to Vegas... we will definitely come back to see you again!
5	Everything was perfect! Banana nut French toast and the eggs Florentine with a side of corned beef hash was all amazing! Carla was very helpful and attentive to our needs!My dad came to Vegas years ago on a business trip and while I was on my vacation now he strongly recomended my coming here. Fantastic and great!!
5	I would easily say that we received the most amazing service from the most incredible server in the world.  I only wished  i lived in Vegas to get the chance to have brunch here at least once/week.  the banana nut muffin was very fresh. The Chocolate chip pumpkin pancakes were perfectly fluffy and pumpkin was fresh, and teh chocolate chips were just right (not too much, not to few).  The Fried chicken skillet was also AMAZING!. Cooked just right, with a thick and creamy gravy, with perfectly cooked potatoes, and an egg, just how i asked for it. even the OJ carafe tasted fresh, and it probably wasn't though, but it had me fooled.Again the prices, service and quality of food were amazing. (only thing is that this particular Egg&I restaurant was a bit far from our Hotel on the strip, but definitely worth the cab ride). Even the General Manager came by our table  a few times to ask how everything was. (my receipt says the  server is Mandy but i believe her real name was thiereny (shes getting married soon)).And they have an amazing GIVEAWAY trip to Disney
5	Whut! This place is simply a friendly local's breakfast dive that is incredibly delicious! And the service is superb! Were were served by Thayrana who is getting married soon and was delightful. She gave us great and honest recos along with some complimentary banana nut muffins with her apologies when our food took a little bit longer than expected. Our most favorite dish was the pumpkin pancakes with chocolate chips! Highly recommend this place to all and apparently they have several locales as well!
4	Having read the reviews on Yelp, I just had to see for myself what all the fuss was about. Well, I'm a big breakfast guy, and this place more than lived up to its reputation. I went with the country fried steak, which had the perfect combination of crispy and tender. I'm more of a hash brown fan, but their cubed breakfast potatoes were very tasty. And I have to pay tribute to the banana nut muffin; I don't even like bananas, but this was fantastic. To top it all off, my server Staci was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Highly recommended.
5	Great food! Homemade style, fresh, flavorful. Loved the mashed potato omelet, hash browns, and banana nut muffin. Big portions and fair price. Fast service.
5	Great food; I got the classic and added avocado to the toast! Fast service and everything was tasty and our server Carole Ann was AWESOME!!! :)
5	Wonderful place to get breakfast!  Bree, our server, was attentive and friendly.  She had great suggestions on the menu and was always refilling drinks and making sure we were satisfied.  The stuffed French toast and works skillet were awesome!!
5	Went to breakfast this morning and everything was fantastic.  I had the Brads scramble and my husband had an omelette with mashed potatoes and bacon.  They were both AMAZING.  The coffee was good and the server was friendly and engaging.  We couldn't have asked for anything more.
5	Awesome place!!  We were undecided between the Egg & I and another place we saw on Yelp with great reviews.  We'd gotten rid of our rental car the day before so we'd have to take a taxi to either.  At the spur of the moment, we picked the Egg & I.  Yay for us for picking an awesome joint.  We waited only about 10-15 minutes before being seated.  Once seated, we flipped through the newspaper menu.  I'd read so much about the muffins, we ordered a couple to start our meal.  They were banana nut muffins.  We both ate the entire thing.  So good.  And with a great cup of coffee, we could've stopped right there.  But we didn't!  Since breakfast is not my favorite meal, I love it when I find a place that has lunch style breakfast.  There were so many options I had to choose from.  I was stuck between the stuffed pepper and the Tacos Rancheros.  I chose the Tacos Rancheros.  It was a tortilla topped with refried beans, ground hamburger, two eggs (which I got fried) and topped with cheese and sour cream.  I would've liked some salsa with it but it didn't need it.  My partner got the garlic mashed potato omelet.  It was enormous.  She could only eat half of it to which our server, Karla suggested getting the half order next time!  Shoot, we didn't know you could do a half order.  But, my partner said she wouldn't gotten a half anyway because the portions would be all wrong.  We both loved the Old Bay seasoned fried potatoes.  As we waddled out, it was great that the front desk called a cab for us.  Very nice.  Oh, and there's a little egg face on the table that you can flip revealing a sad egg face if you happen to need anything.  That's a brilliant idea!  Karla was awesome and if we lived in the area, it would be our go to place!
5	The Egg & I has got to be the best breakfast dining experience I've had in Vegas. The place is busy because the food is excellent for a really good price and the service is very good.Food:1) Banana Nut Muffin was the best I've ever tried so far. You could tell they used a lot of butter because it was so soft and flavorful!2) Benedict - The eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise sauce was amazing. Perfect execution of this dish.3) Ranch potatoes were FANTASTIC. They were seasoned perfectly and not overly salty. They didn't have that heavy, thick potato texture. It was lightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.Service: The hostesses knew how to handle the influx of people waiting and the servers were friendly, helpful, and very efficient. We even got water refills without even having to ask.
5	By far THE BEST BREAKFAST PLACE so far in my life! Very simple & great service! The waffles w fresh fruit was phenomenal & biscuits & gravy - don't get me started! I don't know why this place isn't 5-stars on Yelp! It's probably because of losers or snobs who just want to make a statement. If I could I would give it 6-stars!!   I've been to breakfast places all over the country and this place is THE BEST!  "Johnathan" was awesome!!! Hope I'll see him in Disneyland! Cheers to the owners of this place, they know breakfast! :)
5	My husband is a big Vegas aficionado but I resist sin city as much as the religious right. But alas we had to attend am event so we came together and he's been trying to show me the other side of Vegas.  So far a success. And a key contributor? The Egg and I. Lianora seated us within 5 minutes despite large crowds - very efficient! Kelsey and Gia were most attentive servers. Even sending us on the road with some muffins and butter. Along with some non gaming locals only recommendations. And the food... Enough has been said about the egg dishes. But someone please try the buckwheat pancakes! With cashews and fresh blueberries. And REAL mar syrup. I'm just saying.
5	Wow, what a great meal. I had the spinach Benny and shared a short stack of pumpkin pancakes (not on the menu). OMG the pancakes were out of this world. This place is definitely our new stop before we head home!
4	Thank you Karla for the amazing service, awesome attitude, and great food. For a party of 13 you rocked it! Get the steak & eggs!
5	First time here, amazingly fast service (we were in a rush, too), server Kelcey was awesome, highly recommend to everyone!
5	The Egg and I is truly the BEST BREAKFAST in Las Vegas ! !  Food is HELLA GOOD and the wait staff, especially our server Kelcey, were very attentive.  The restraunt was very busy as it was Sunday mid-morning, but they were very speedy without rushing people to get out. The Chile Rellano omellet was delicious !  I'm going back again tomorrow ! !
5	The food was simply delicious. Service was impeccable. This is one of the best breakfast places I have ever been to.  The banana nut muffin was everything.  I can't wait to come back on my next visit to Vegas.
5	This is probably one of the best breakfasts out I've had in recent times. Everything's was good and fresh. One of the best things was the banana bread/muffin. I had the pumpkin pancakes (which are not on the menu, so ask) which were so delicious that I didn't even need syrup. My wife, who I love so much (just in case she reads this), is a finicky eater, and she wanted to come back the next day before we left (which we did). She got the skillet breakfast both times. Word to the wise, get a half order if you're not a big eater.One last thing, went with friends so I tried the biscuit and gravy, stuffed french toast and two different skillet breakfasts. I would have been happy with any of these other orders. Ok, I lied, this is the last thing, try the Habla Diablo verde on your food, it is very tasty. So much so, we bought a bottle to take with us.
5	Carol Ann our server was very attentive ,  great service  overall.  All servers helps each other.  I love the EGG Alert on the table to notify your server or other staff that you are in need of attention.  I enjoy the perk of flavored non dairy cream as well.We are comprised of 2 adults and 2 children.  2 finicky eaters who enjoyed their food thoroughly.  Both my husband and I are major breakfast people and we enjoyed the very rich Benny traditional breakfast and Chille Relleno breakfast meal.  The Hollandaise sauce is yolk concentrate hollandaise but had good medium consistency.  Still light enough but not whipped light like that of Martha's in Hermosa Beach. For those of you who don't like your egg benedict to be submerged in hollandaise, ask for it hollandaise on the side so that the english muffin retains its texture and is not falling apart.  The Banana muffin is well balanced and subtle and moist when serve warm. My children usually don't like banana muffin but they consumed it pretty fast this time.  The chille Relleno was good and cheesy and I love the cilantro playing against the cheese and chile powder and the hollandaise sauce.  Perhap slightly more cilantro would be for those who like cilantro.My daughter 9 year old got the french toast with Strawberry.  It was good and moist too.  The only thing I noticed was that it didn't come with raisin as it had stated in the menu.  The ambiance was great. Casual, no pretense, just down right warm and friendly.Our wait around 11:40 ended up being only 15 minutes which was great. Thank you all "Egg and I" staffs  for a wonderful experience and a wonderful breakfast meal!
5	Found this place on yelp. I read a few three stars that didn't like the upsell. I found it was very polite and good value. I got a wash and wax for $50. All the staff were friendly, they work hard and don't take short-cuts. Whole wash took maybe an hour with no idle time. Great results, no missed spots, will come again. I wish Irvine had a place like this.
5	This place is usually busy, but the wait isn't to bad.  They have indoor and outdoor seating.  The service is great, the wait staff is friendly and they use an egg flip system on your table to help with the service.  If you don't need help, the egg shows a smile.  If you do need assistance, flip the egg and it shows a sad yellow egg to alert your server.  They know how to cook eggs here!  It's hard to find a place that knows how to do a proper soft scramble and Egg & I does it right.  They have a great fresh fruit waffle and their crepes are really good.  They also have a Hawaiian menu with Loco Moco, Portugese sausage, spam, eggs and rice (the real sticky kine) and Aloha shoyu!  Tip:  try the banana nut bread...ono!
4	Great place for breakfast or lunch. Even when crowded, the wait is never too long. The food is really good and the wait staff are always very attentive and food arrives promptly. We feel that it can be a little pricey, so not a real bargain, but consistently good.
5	Our favorite place to stop for breakfast when we make the trip from L.A. to Vegas!  Always delicious and consistent! The Egg and I never disappoints and Our Server, Alyssa was awesome! She was very friendly and was quick!! I think everyone should take the trip off the strip for some French Toast Banana Bread!!
5	Got to vegas frm san diego this is the first place we came to eat...the place is clean and easy to find..the menu was wonderful..a plus for me was that there was rice...the price were good and the portions were big...are waitress karla was wonderful and very nice started are day off positive....will tell othe
5	Best breakfast in Lad Vegas! Service is fantastic; Erin was the best. Thank you Erin for male our breakfast a great experience.
4	food was good service was uh-may-zing!...30 people and fast friendly and efficient service. stacie rocks!oh yeah they got loco moco and portuguese sausage island style!
5	Looking for a simple and amazing breakfast to brighten up your day? This place is it. Great food, huge breakfast selections, great service, and reasonable price.The staff told us the wait to sit inside was approximately 30 min to 45 min, but our group could get a table now if we decided to sit outside. So we decided to sit outside on the patio and the weather wasn't too bad for a nice weekend breakfast.Skillet breakfast - works (ham, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, onions, peppers, and tomatoes - $10.75 w/ banana nut muffin): One of the best banana nut muffin that you will find and very flavorful potatoes. The portion was enough to fill my tummy up!It's egg-ceptionally good! And don't forget about the banana nut muffin! P.S. - Once you are finished with the meal, you will have to pay at the register.
3	A decent,  not great, breakfast experience in a market  hurting for a good breakfast restaurant. Few truly healthy options here. Too busy for really good service. Prices are very good. Beware the at their sausage patties are rather flavorless,  pre-fab frozen breakfast sandwich patties.I had the vegi-benny breakfast with their breakfast potatos, ie deep fried potato nuggets. The Benny was very good. Their cinnamon roll was very good. Not 5 stats for having to wait way too long for coffee and for few healthy options. A last note about all the televisions they have mounted on the walls. We enjoyed watching COPS while dining. Really guys? The fact that this place has long waits on weekends goes to show that Las Vegas needs better because even this greasy spoon with a homecooked image gets slammed.
5	There are many breakfast-themed places in town, we were in the area and decided to try this place. Place was full but no wait on a Saturday for 2 adults, a toddler and an infant. We had the Banana Bread French Toast which was good, but had similar texture to the Banana Nut Muffin that came with it (should have gotten some other side dish). But don't get me wrong, both we're good. The muffin was served fresh from oven with steam coming out as you break it. We also got the avocado omelet with cheese and sour cream. This was good but what we really loved were the side of potatoes. Just the right amount of seasoning to keep you interested. Overall very good experience. Service was excellent.
5	we yelped to find the egg and I while staying in Vegas. So glad we did . This place is so yummy. Nice warm banana bread muffins. Great variety of food choices for breakfast and lunch. Our family of 6 all got different items and we all loved each of our selections . I don't think you can go wrong with anything you choose. We received wonderful service from our waitress STACI. She was on top of refills and making sure we liked what we ordered. . I would go back again just because STACI's service was great. I would request her every time we go back. Definitely should try this place if you haven't already .
5	We discovered this gem of a restaurant and was pleasantly surprised.  The menu is amazing.  I had the eggs and chilli relleno which was amazing.   Erin our waitress was incredible and provided us the most friendly pleasant service.  All the way around the experience was awesome.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Everything's awesome. I had Mexican omelette. Potato works and fries are spicy. Dont't forget to try their delicious Banana muffin rocks...
5	Food was delicious!! Portions were huge, could have easily shared one plate! I had the stuffed French toast which is basically an omelette between two large pieces of French toast, yummy. The potatoes were crunchy, the only way to have breakfast potatoes.The banana but muffin was heaven on a plate, a must try for sure.Amanda was our server and she was not only efficient but friendly and made our visit perfect! We will be back and hope she is there when we are.
5	I'll be honest this last visit to Vegas blew like a hot, lung collapsing desert breeze in your face while taking a whiz off the side of Zzyyxx Road. Between the bitch slaps I endured from Willy Wonka, Frodo Baggins, and those hags from Sex and the City I had enough and wanted to back flip off the Stratosphere without a bungee cord. Instead of eating more diarrhea inducing gobbledygook at the Caesar's food court my wife dragged my sluggish brown behind to the Egg and I. Thank God she did. Sorry no dancing ghetto looking dancing Despicable Me minions or card slappin' faux-porn peddlin' hombres here. What you will get though are those amazing banana nut muffins. The spinach benny I had was my saving grace, I doused it in hot sauce and devoured it Melissa McCarthy style. The waitress gives you your own container of coffee to refill your own mug instead of having to wait for her to come back. Jesus H. who does that anymore!!?? It's such a simple but awesome concept! Not these little doggy doo doo Denny's around where I live in the barrio, that's for sure.
5	Great food and great service! Carol Anne was awesome! This is a must if you're ever at Lea Vegas! Best Banana But bread I've bet tasted. Great skillets too. But their best one is the BANANA NUT BREAD FRENCH TOAST!!!!! You won't be disappointed!
5	Had time for breakfast before leaving Vegas and decided to give this place a try!The food alone I would rate a 4 but the overall experience was easily a 5.We had the beef hash, eggs Benedict florentine, New York steak, and veggie omelette.Nothing really to note on each item, all were satisfying and enough to fill us up.We were seated immediately upon arrival.Our waitress took our drink orders and came back quickly to take the rest.Food was prompt and I was asked right before the food was brought out if I would like Tabasco or any other sauces with my food. I did.Oh. And they gave us an extra banana nut muffin because only 3 of our meals came with one. (Party of 4)Great experience! Will return
5	I love eggs. I love egg jokes. And I also love a great Eggs Benedict. They delivered! I ordered the Florentine out of desire for something a little more healthy. The food was great as expected, but the food alone didn't make the experience! Our waitress was amazing. She anticipated our needs before we even noticed something was missing (sauces even before the food came out), and even offered me a free muffin because the rest of the party had received one with their meals whereas I had not. (The banana nut muffin is amazing) I left feeling eggcellent!
2	This is one of my regular stops for breakfast. Normally a great breakfast joint but not today. The greeter wasn't friendly and the food was average. This place has been around for a long time with a good reputation. The kitchen needs to try harder and they need a friendly, happy greeter. It will be a while before I go back.
5	Great, great, great! I had Waffle Works. Crispy, light, tasty. Served perfectly by happy, smiling Stacie. Will be back for sure.
4	This place is wonderful. Our server Stacie was so sweet and cheery. How can you not smile in a place called Egg & I anyway?  Hint...come up with some "eggciting" comebacks. So much fun. Our Vegas trip was topped off with this place. Will be back!
5	The best breakfast i ever had.U need to wait to get in there. Worth wait.Any Omelet here is awesome witSides Cajun fries or french fries.Fruits on the side.We ordered 7 different omelets. Each and every person have their own specifications. All our orders are perfect. The waiter's here are pretty cool. If i stayed back in vegas and longer i would eat my Breakfast only here.They offered us the Banana Muffins after our meal. Thats really awesome. We couldn't eat them so they gave us ToGo.
5	Found this place driving through to Utah. We had a party of 17 and everyone loved their breakfast. The food and service were awesome. This will be our new go to breakfast spot while in Vegas
3	Ok. Love this chain. Not sure about this location. They seem to always be busy. Saying that.... Hire more help. Train your staff to help each others customers not ignore them.Once our server Ashley came over things improved. Food came out quick. Tasted great. Score went from a * to a *** only because the ball started rolling.
5	One of the best breakfast places I've ever been to! The service was impeccable-- customers are able to flip an egg decoration from a happy face to a sad face when in need of something. Employees are required to attend to the table immediately! We did this just to test it out and it was literally 3 seconds until someone came over to attend to our needs.Food was delicious and reasonably priced. Great place!
5	Consistently the best breakfast in Vegas!  Best service and the menu has a huge variety of items.  You could go everyday and get something different every time, but I definitely recommend the Mexican omelet!
5	Stacey,  our wonderful server couldn't of made it any better,  positive and helpful. Food was excellent can't wait to come back.
4	Great prompt service, good food. We have been here several times and are always pleased with them.
4	They had allllllll kinds of great breakfast/lunch choices.  I selected a yummy island style meal (think Hawaiian).... My guy loved his biscuits & gravy.
5	Egg-cellent food & service. I ordered the Loco Moco, a Hawaiian stapled & gravy is the secret. Great job guys. Karla was super friendly & patient w/ our massive group during prime time brunch on sunday. She was soo kind as to anticipate our needs, service was efficient & everything came out hot & correct! Good work guys. Will stop by on our next visit soon!
4	Erin was an exceptional waitress.  Her suggestions on the food were very helpful.  Only downfall is that they don't accept American Express
5	Wonderful breakfast - what a gem of a place! Our server Staci was friendly, the banana nut muffin was to die for, and one of the best omlettes I have ever had!  My new breakfast place whenever I visit Vegas!
4	Love the egg & I! Consistently delish breakfast every time we visit. Try the chicken fried steak & fiesta skillets. Lovely service, especially Stacie :)
4	Alyssa! OMG! You are awesome. Wish we could be regulars so you could be our regular server! Service was great. I got biscuits and gravy, awesome first bite but then a bit salty. Service made up for seasoning.
2	We tried Egg & I on a recent trip working in Vegas. It's hard to find good breakfasts, and the reviews here made me think we found the holy grail of breakfast spots! The reality: not so good.I had a benedict. I asked for the eggs medium hard, and they came out essentially hardboiled (I am not holding that against them), but worse, the hollandaise was pretty awful. Sort of an off, slightly grainy texture, no lemon to cut the richness, just unappetizing. Potatoes seemed too regular, like processed frozen potatoes. On the upside, I tried one of the banana nut muffins, and it was pretty good. The staff was wonderful--really nice, helpful, on point. If only the food had lived up to them.....
3	Not sure what all the high reviews on this place is about. This is your standard ordinary breakfast place. The service is excellent, very friendly and nice waitresses. The menu is great, lots of variety to choose from. But the food was just average. I was really disappointed in my bacon and avocado omelette. I thought they seriously forgot to add the bacon. I dug through the omelette for it and finally saw tiny small crumbles of it in there. The egg was thick and dry and the only good thing about it was the avocado chunks inside. Big pieces of avocado. That's IT.  The potatoes it came with were not good. Just deep fried potatoes. The side of fruit was much better. The corned beef hash was mushy and had a lot of potatoes. Was disappointed in that too. Why the heck all the stars, yelpers?? Ok ok, the muffin was probably the best part. They give you choice of toast or muffin. Get the muffin!
4	Our last place we visited before coming home from Vegas. Thank you YELP for letting me find you. This place was the Bomb.com. I loveddd it!!  This place was super packed however we only had to wait 5 minutes before getting seated. Simple menu on paper but tons of options. I ordered the Chicken Skillet, my husband ordered the chocolate chip pancakes.  Both items were reallyyyy good however the chocolate chip pancakes were total overload, the pancakes were drenched in chocoalte chips and i love chocolate but it was a little too much actually not a little just TOO MUCH for my liking even my teeth starting to hurt because of the sweetness.The prices were really reasonable and food was good and the service was awesome especially for how busy it was all.  You must visit this place! yummmmy!
5	bomb.com .. And Alyssa was such a good server ... We'll be coming here more often not bad first my first time trying it
5	Had brunch with my daughter there on Sunday after church. They were full of customers and was very pleased at how fast we were seated. The food is very good, served hot with large portions. The sever Linnea was prompt and friendly. Great   overall experience !!
5	What a great find! I ordered the eggs benedict that comes with the works potato and it's amazing! The plate could easily feed two! Our waitress was super friendly and knew  what we needed without having us call her!  I'm a little sad i didn't get a chance to use the eggy help flag (there's a flip egg stand on each table that you flip over if you need anything). But at the end of the meal,  I don't care, food was great and the service was exceptional because our waitress, Carole Anne, was awesome!!
4	I love this place! I always get the vege Benny cuz it is soooooo delicious :) and our server Staci was the best!! I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't always so friggin cold in here.
5	We had Ashley. We had an awesome experience. She made sure everything was taken care of in a timely manner.
5	What a great atmosphere!  Even though we were in Las Vegas, this could have been a small-town diner anywhere in the US. We had a great breakfast with banana-nut muffins, of course!  We were going to share a chile relleno omelet, and asked for an extra muffin, when the waitress told us that we could order half orders of just about anything on the menu - the cost was half of the menu price + 50 cents.  We did that instead, order half an omelette and half an order of grilled banana bread french toast. So I said - well, we won't need the other muffin, but the waitress said - no charge! - I'll bring you an extra anyway.The food was excellent. The breakfast potatoes need some work - they were just hard fried "bits" of potatoes - but everything else was great.  A carafe of coffee was left on our table so that we didn't have to keep asking for refills, and cream/flavored creamers are on the table to make a perfect cup of coffee.It was delightful - a trip back in time!  Don't miss it if you have a car in LV!
4	It's a very busy place always crowded but it's well worth the wait. The last time I came I only waited 10 minutes which was shocking I usually wait 20-30 because how crowded it is. The customer service Is pleasing for a busy place! They always make you feel welcome. Their potatoes has to be one of the best things there. What ever I order I make sure the item comes with potatoes or I get them in the side. If you are a fan of banana but muffins then you will honestly love theirs. Always moist and fresh out the oven. I've been to Egg works which is the same business but for some reason I prefer the Egg and I more.
5	Yelp did not fail us on this one! The food and service was awesome! The whole restaurant was packed but we only had to wait for about 10mins until we were seated. Everyone at our table ordered something different and they were all delicious. I'm very satisfied with their service! Although it was super busy, our server Ashley picked up on things we were mumbling to ourselves, thinking she would ignore us like any other server would on a busy day but she didn't, and got our request right away, which was nice. I got the Sunrise Mountain which was eggs, cheese, a choice of meat on top of a fluffy croissant. Served with their delicious seasoned potato bits! Yum! Definitely recommend this one if you love cheese an eggs! It is also a very reasonable price and perfect portions.I'm definitely going to return for breakfast when I'm in Vegas!
5	The Egg and I is our favorite place for breakfast when we visit Las Vegas. The food and service is always good. But this time our waitress Ashley H. made it even more enjoyable. She was extremely personable and helpful .My  husband and I always share because the portions are very generous. But we always have to compromise because we each want something different. Ashley informed us about the dishes that we can get half portions of. So now there is no need to share. We can each get what we want. Everything on the menu is great. So be adventurous and  try something different.
4	If you can get off the strip, you need to try the breakfast here. Staci was our server and she helped to make this a great dining experience.  She was friendly, helpful and professional. I ordered the pulled pork taquito, served with eggs on the top. Oh my, this was delicious and humongous. It served with a green salsa which I don't normally like but this was good. If you like a little Mexican with your brunch this is a dish worth trying. My partner had the homemade corned beef hash.  Also delicious, big chunks of meat. The meal started with their muffins. So Good, I wish we saved one for later.
4	First...amazing banana muffins.  Simply delicious.  The food is great with a large number of options.  Staci, our server, was an amazing server.  I watched her explain items to us, as well as others.  She was very attentive and personable.   The only issues I would have are these.  1) I wanted a pancake and they only have large portions and no option for a single normal pancake to add to the side of a large omlet.  2) the potatoes were very salty...tasty...but too salty.  I don't mind a bit odd salt or spuce...but these were over the top with salt.Great place for a nice breakfast.Give Staci the trip to Disneyland!
4	Our server Staci was awesome, and made us feel cared for as guests.  I appreciated that she asked whether we wanted full amount of cheese on the omelette or butter on the toast, as it's nice to be made aware of some healthier changes to the food when dining in Vegas.  I took one star off for the potatoes that were too salty to eat, but otherwise everything else was great.  I had the veggie omelette with added avocado and banana nut muffin.
5	Stacie did a great job serving us. Delicious potatoes!!! We'll be back on our next trip to LV
5	Stacie is the best.  Great service, amazing muffins!  Tons of muffins, great for the trip home.  The pricing is beyond fair especially for the portions.  Killer eggs Benedict!
5	Such a well crafted chicken country steak, amazeballz. Ashley was key to the deliciousness, loved everything she served, including splitting my bread order in 2. Got the sour dough and rye. Non nom nom
5	I've been here since Monday and today is Wednesday FINNALLY some real good food! Chicken fried steak cooked to perfection gravy was on point and the potatoes works were seasoned and cooked just right! My husband got the egg sausage bacon and toast SOO GOOD!! Oh and the banana nut muffin!! YUM!!! I definitely recommend this place for the perfect breakfast!
5	I know this place can do without another 5 star review, but I think I want to move to Vegas just for Egg & I. We came in a group of 10, but service blew our minds away. At 1 pm on a Saturday, we barely waited 10 minutes. Our server took our orders quickly, and gave everyone a banana nut muffin on the house!A couple of my friends and I split the blackened prime rib benedict (a must must MUST!), the strawberry cream-stuffed french toast (tasted like fair food), and an Italian omelette. Enormous portions priced right--felt so bad leaving so much of it uneaten, especially since it was so delish. Even the coffee was the absolute perfect diner coffee.I don't think I can ever do a Vegas trip without the Egg & I. It's so worth the drive off the strip! And believe the hype--just stick to the blackened prime rib benny and you won't be disappointed.
5	Ashley was such a sweet server. The service is great & the place is well kept. They have so many choices here & cater to many different likes even though it is a breakfast joint. The potatoes are greatttttttt. Love it here!
4	I went here last year and wasn't super impressed. I don't remember exactly what I got, but I think it was an omelette. Decent, but I didn't see what all the fuss was about and especially for a place that isn't cheap. Well, I'm glad I tried it again, because now I see more of what people have been talking about. I went with a party of 8 and the service was excellent. Someone recommended the stuffed French toast and although it didn't really sound like my kind of thing I ordered it. Well, I'm glad I did because that thing is awesome! Perfectly cooked eggs with the right amount of cheese and sausage. The French toast was done just right as well. So, I suppose it really depends on what you have here and what your tastes are. For example, I tried those muffins everyone at our table was raving about and I didn't like them. Go figure!
4	Gets packed around 10. You can call ahead to get your name on the list, but they will only  honor it for 30 minutes in advance. The banana nut muffin is delicious with coffee. The potatoes were also delicious because of the seasoning they used. Service was friendly and fast. I recommend their original breakfast burrito.
1	Okay, first of all, wen you have a bunch of the hostess' and servers arguing with eachother that should be a bad sign of things to come, which it was. We were told it would be a 20 minute wait which turned I to an hour as we saw several larger parties that came after us get seated. Apparently they'd rather seat the larger "more valuable" customers as one hostess mumbled to another as we sat there. Pissed me the hell off! Who're... We finally got seated and it took and other 45 minutes to get our gross food. Go to VI or even Jack in the Box for a better breakfast, this place is diarrhea.
2	The reviews for this location are misleading.  This place is dirty. The center railing doesn't get wiped we sat next to dust and insects.  Expect a long wait and minimal customer service. The hostess was probably the most pleasant worker there. I didn't even touch my cup of water, the cup wasn't clean. Won't be back to this location.
5	Food was so good. I ordered the Country Fried Steak,very filling and tasted great. Lindsey are server was great as well.
4	Great place to have breakfast.  Fast and friendly service.  Arlene was very courteous and attentive. Hefty servings at a reasonable price.
5	AMAZING, amazing experience here. The food and service was top notch here. They were able to accommodate our party of 10. Regardless of our party size, they provided amazing service. We gave them a big fat tip. Their banana nut muffins were to die for and possibly the best one I've ever had. I got the spinach benny and it was delicious. The other foods looked good and none of us had any complaints during our meal. I think I will need to visit this place every time I'm in Vegas. It's delicious with amazing service. Can't go wrong!
4	$ Service was excellent. Veggie Benny was large with fresh vegetables and excellent Hollandaise sauce.
4	I think it's really funny that I had no idea this place is the same as Egg Works. I probably wouldn't have came here had I known because I didn't much like Egg Works off of Rainbow. Surprisingly I thought the food and the service here at Egg & I were much more acceptable then Egg works. Boy was it busy though, I hate waiting outside...it's too damn hot in Vegas. Besides sitting in the heat waiting to be seated, I enjoyed the rest of my experience here. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the food was good (not amazing).
3	It would've been good but they forgot my order. So I had to wait. The waitress did apologize and comp our meals but we took it to go and I lost my appetite. I missed my friend finishing her marathon.
2	It was okay nothing special...pancakes were dry didn't eat it. Got that with bacon eggs and potatoes and toast! The staff was good friendly, it took a while for the food to come out but it was expected for a Sunday. Food wasn't terrible but I wouldn't come back.
3	This place is overrated. We got bennidits, which were all right, nothing special. Potatoes were too salty. Their ice tea was terrible, you can taste they used tap water to make it, which was disgusting!!!We will not come back for sure
5	Took my sister and nephews for the first time they loved it. Great service great food our server Alyssa was excellent. We will be coming back every time I visit Vegas.
5	I always enjoy coming here. Thaynara was very pleasant and quick to my table. I had a great western omelet. This is one of my favorite breakfast places in town.
3	The wait wasn't too long even though it was prime breakfast time. The customer service was excellent! It seems that they're very service oriented. The banana muffins were delicious and good equality coffee. I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes because of my dire sweet tooth and I can say, it was a good choice. They were very rich I couldn't finish my food. I had some Portuguese sausage and it was a great balance. Nice and juicy. I'm coming back here.
5	My server Alyssa was amazing. Very kind, always had a smile on her face and made sure everything was good with us. Also her manager Marc was amazing and making sure we enjoyed our service. I will definitely be returning and telling my friends about the wonderful service and food.
5	The food here is amazing! I had the tuna melt and felt like I was chewing on heaven! Our server, Lindsay was so sweet and personable. I really liked her! Great service and great food!!
2	This restaurant really does not live up to all of its fabulous reviews. The service was very slow and the waitress with colorful hair  ignored us when we told her we were not satisfied with our food. Our orders did not come with all of their sides and they ignored our complaints about that. Also, the toast was burnt and they tried to hide that by placing the burnt sides on top of each other. I will never come back here. Rude staff and terrible service!!!!!!!!
5	We came in the morning for breakfast and we've been coming here for the last 3 years. We can't miss it when we come to town and every time the service is fantastic! This place isn't very big and it gets crowded on weekends. We arrived at about 10:30 on a Saturday morning, but we only waited 15 minutes for a table. Our food came out faster and we were in and out in a little over an hour including great conversation.Before our food came to the table, our server, Stacy, introduced herself and brought us the delicious banana bread muffins with butter. I ordered the eggs Benedict and some orange juice. The hollandaise sauce was creamy and not too thick. The eggs were perfectly poached. Together with the Canadian bacon, everything was well balanced. Sometimes, if the hollandaise sauce is over seasoned, the combination of the hollandaise with Canadian bacon leaves the dish too salty. That definitely wasn't the case here.Throughout our meal, Stacy was fantastic. She kept checking on us. At one point I needed an additional napkin and was about to flip the egg when the manager walked up to ask what we needed. Although Stacy did bring the check a little early, she apologized, ensured us that there was no rush and brought me the additional orange juice I wanted to order.When we were done, one of the other servers noticed my injury and offered to help me up. I really appreciated her concern. This place is great!
5	Got the stuffed french toast with the banana muffin and it was SO GOOD ashley was our server and she was the best waitress ive ever had IN MY LIFE
5	What an awesome place. First off, they give you a complementary banana nut muffin when you order your breakfast and it is SO GOOD. It's always warm and always fresh. It's a dream come true for your taste buds. My mouth is watering right now, no joke. The omlettes are delicious and they are very generously sized. The french fries rock. The french toast is amazing too! I've been here a bunch of times and I look forward to going back.
5	I have been coming to Las Vegas for YEARS! My father moved to Las Vegas almost 20 years ago. The one place that is MUST for us to go to for an amazing breakfast is the Egg & I restaurant. This last visit was no exception to any of the past visits. The food was so fantastic. The options were endless. Who knew you could prepare eggs so many delicious and wonderful ways?Lindsay our waitress was very friendly and helpful. We brought our youngest son on this trip (for his 21st birthday) and he was having a hard time making a selection. Lindsay took the time to answer all of his questions and gave him a great recommendation of the country fried skillet. He LOVED IT!!! Thank you LIndsay!All I can say is - if there is a line or a wait (and there most likely will be) then take the time because it is worth it. The coffee is fresh and hot and the banana nut muffins are a MUST (unless you are allergic of course).We only waited about 15 minutes and our food was on the table - pipping hot. I ordered my favorite - the Greek scramble. FOUR eggs, chicken, spinach, mushrooms,and feta cheese make up this belly busting breakfast. It is served with choice of toast or muffin (I got the muffin) and breakfast potatoes. My hubby ordered the Chili omllete and he had a choice of chili's. His came with the same sides only he ordered toast instead of a muffin. I have no idea why because that muffin is served warm with butter. YUM!!!Cost is a little higher than say a Perkins or iHop - but the food is SO much better! Expect to pay about $ 15 per person including a beverage. Serving size is SO BIG that you could almost split something and share.
5	Our server was Lilliana, she provided excellent service, and the food was also excellent!! Highly recommend you try this place!
5	Another great meal at The Egg and I. Always great food, fast service & very nice wait staff. Thaynara helped me today and she was fantastic!
1	First I think most of the bad time was due to our waitress Ashley. She had a bad attitude from the start and was more than slow. I tried to order a mimosa which I was then told that even though it's on the menu they don't have them. Ashley took offense to that as well. It took a while to get our sodas, she never came back for refills. After a bit she came to take our order and didn't get that right either. My sister ordered a burger with a muffin as an appetizer,  the muffin never came. I ordered a pesto veggie sandwich (came out without pesto) but Ashley didn't know that because she never checked on our food once it cane out. My mom asked 3 people for mustard, by the time she got it her burger was cold. Overall less than happy with the experience. Cheers, hope yours is better than ours.
1	Good sized pancakes. That's all that I was really happy about. Now the bad, It's sad that they don't carry regular shredded hash browns they have mcdonalds look a like hash browns. It was very disappointing. But the service was the worst of all. I'm not picky what so ever. But our waitress named Ashley was terrible. She brought me a coffee never brought a spoon, didn't get one till the end of my meal and not even by our waitress. She was rude from the beginning. I will not recommend this place nor will I be back. If you want a great place to go have breakfast I recommend Mr. Mamas where you can have great food and friendly service!
5	Our server Arlene was eggceptional!! And my haole loco moco was so so good. Reminded me of Oahu!  Thank you for a great experience!
5	Yes, being in Vegas you would think the best places to eat would be on the famous strip. However, I've found that the restaurants worth pilgrimaging to are actually on the outskirts of the strip! I can't help it, I like to eat like a local. Being a breakfast/brunch fanatic I figured I'd look to Yelp to find a breakfast spot with big portions that won't break the wallet! I found Egg & I as one of the best places to go to for brunch so I thought I'd give it a shot. The ambiance has a small-town diner feel to it which I loved! The menu had way too many amazing options which made it difficult to decide what to eat. I chose to get the eggs benedict while the boyfriend had the country benny, both which were AMAZING! The portions were huge, the gravy is perfectly made, the banana nut muffin is to die for, and the staff is always friendly and pleasant. Now this is our "go to" brunch place to eat on Sundays before we make the long trek back to California. This place is a MUST!
5	Amazing Amanda at the East Sahara ...This place scores 5 stars on every count and Amanda deserves 100!
3	Good food for a good price! This would be 4 stars if we hadn't waited 10 min before even getting our drink order in.
2	Maybe my expectations were high due to all the great yelp reviews, but I found my experience disappointing. The restaurant was very crowded and noisy which isn't conductive to a pleasant experience. Our waitress delivered our food quickly, but my muffin was mostly cold and the food was rather plain. We also agreed the potatoes were way too salty. Overall I wish I had just stayed on the strip.
5	This place is amazing. Loved the food.  The banana nut muffin is a must try. Carole Ann was awesome. We had 13 people in our group and the service was still amazing.
5	Very good breakfast spot.  Karla our waitress was sweet and attentive.  She brought out a sample of both of the chili for my friend to try.  Now that's good service. Friendly staff!
5	The food here is amazing! Almost as great as Amanda's service! Highly recommend this place to everyone! Had the Country Benny- ermahgawd. So delicious!
5	The food here is on point! Also the service that we got from Amanda was incredible! I had the bacon and sliced avocado omelette which was the best omelette I've ever had. Check this place out!
4	I wish I came here with a group of 10 people so I can make everyone order a different dish for me to try. I can eat eggs everyday and every meal and not get sick of it. So Egg and I pretty much describes the story of my life. This place is roughly 10-15 mins away from the strip so there was no wait like all the other crazy famous Vegas brunch spots and that's 10 extra bonus points!Like I mentioned I'm a crazy egg person so ordering brunch was never difficult for me. I would always always ALWAYS order an omelette but no joke, it took me more than 10 mins to decide what I wanted here since almost everything had eggs in it and there were so many choices! But of course i ended up getting the work omelette and we also ordered carnitas something (I was so hungry and forgot to note the name). The omelette was okay nothing special or different for everywhere else but the potato on the side was AMAZING! The other dish was also super good- I've never had carne asada that's so flavorful and delicious! I cannot wait to come back again and try the other dishes they have!Oh did I mention, instead of stretching your neck out to track down your waiter/waitress, you can flip the "egg sign" and someone will swing by to attend to your needs. Awesome!
4	This is a great place for brunch!  Excellent food,l and large-generous portions.  I would have given 5-stars however, we didn't get refills on our water and had to ask a couple of times for our half and half for coffee.  Excluding those two minor issues, it was great!
5	Awesome breakfast I had incredible huevos rancheros  and a biscuit with gravy. Yummy. Everyone in my party loved their breakfast. Huge portions I only ate half. Karla gave us wonderful service. If you are visiting Vegas a must place to have breakfast!!
4	5 Stars for service!  Especially Amanda who is so sweet!  For the food, I give it 3 stars, for good not great. However I did order something unusual and perhaps the other dishes are better.  I ordered a Hawaiian dish that was supposed to have sticky white rice, but it was just ordinary white rice.  The pancakes were a little under cooked.
5	Amazing customer service as well as food. On our very first visit there was a problem with my order. Not only did our waitress not hesitate to bring me something else, they did it quickly AND brought us a free "gift to take home" - an entire loaf of yummy banana bread! I was pretty blown away by how nice they were to us.  They go out of their way to make sure you leave with a smile on your face. I wish all restaurants had customer service like this place. We loved the food as well and will definitely be back for more.
5	Great little gem in Vegas! Whenever I'm in town I always make a stop here for a quality breakfast. This time, our server Karla, was great. She brought our drinks and food out quickly. She didn't was attentive and did not rush us. My boyfriend left his sunglasses at the table and when we went up to pay she brought them right up to him. This place is a must when your in town or looking for great food with a decent price.
5	We Ate at Egg and I.  I had the fiesta scramble and changed the eggs to over medium and added sausage. They took my adjustments in stride.  Ashley was our server.  Great service and yummy breakfast.
4	In love with the potatoes for breakfast, well seasoned and don't even need Ketchup if you ask me. That's a first : D
4	Came to breakfast with a large group while in Vegas for a Birthday trip. It was so nice to eat off the strip and have a great cooked meal. Everyone in my party loved their dishes. I had Eggs Benedict, which was wonderful. Why I rated it a 4... server wasn't great. She was nice, friendly, and polite but wasn't real attentive. We had a long wait to have our order taken too. The coffee... was not drinkable. I love coffee w my breakfast food so that was kinda a disappointment but the Eggs Benedict made up for it!!
5	Food is awesome and our server Chance was awesome! Strawberry cream cheese french toast is a nice thing to share.
5	In search of that last good meal before heading back to California, I decided to give The Egg and I a try due to recommendation of a family member.  Yes there were people waiting outside to eat due to this place being so popular for breakfast.  The wait was 15 minutes which wasn't that bad.  I tried the waffle works, which consisted of a huge Belgian waffle with 2 pieces of bacon and 2 eggs.  I did request whipped cream on the waffle, which made it taste even better.  The waffle was huge.  I enjoyed every bite.  The portions were very generous for the price.  Worth every penny.  The server Lindsey was wonderful and made sure I had the meal of a lifetime.       The Egg and I taught me a lesson that the best places to eat are not always on the Strip or Downtown Las Vegas.  There are good places to eat all over Las Vegas and you have to dig deep into your soul for the best food possible.  The Egg and I has a small town feel to it which provides an intimate dining experience.  This is one of the few places in Las Vegas you can eat at everyday and not get tired of it but wouldn't do so simply due to the fact that you don't want to spoil yourself.  This will become my new go-to spot in need of a good breakfast while visiting.  As far as the food quality and atmosphere goes. the Egg and I destroys Denny's and IHOP by all leaps and bounds imaginable.
4	Great bang for your buck. Carole Ann was our waitress and she was epic.. we had the French toast and the sunrise mountain. Both were good. Lots of food so heads up. The vanilla capinchino is quite sweet but yummy !!! Overall great. Would come again.
5	The Egg & I! If I could eat at one place for breakfast every day of my life, it would be this place. Granted, I've only been here once, but I can't stop thinking about the delicious food I ate and how I wish we had this place in LA. I ordered the Chili Relleno omelet and the Country Benny. They had the option of ordering smaller portions of the skillets and omelet dishes which I really enjoyed because the portions were fairly large and I unfortunately can never finish my food, no matter how hard I try.The Chili Relleno was so extremely flavorful, the omelet practically melted in my mouth. And the Country Benny, the gravy, the sausage, the biscuit... Mmmm! My eyes rolled back with every bite. I wanted to order the banana pancakes but I think I was getting ahead of myself. Our waitress, Carla, was amazing. She was very helpful and attentive, and definitely made my experience more enjoyable.I will go to Vegas again just to eat here. Can't wait to come back!
5	If you are really hungry for a big breakfast, this place is the spot!  Incredible portions and the banana my muffins....OMG....the banana nut muffins...!
4	I was reading the yelp reviews and maybe just hyped up myself that this was going to be mouthgasmic. The food was good and from what I can tell so far is that it's better than IHOP or Denny's.
4	My ritual before heading home. I head to Egg and I and have a breakfast feast. I enjoyed everything that I have tasted there. From fried eggs to the pancakes to the seasoned potatoes. It has a very homey feeling. It is nice to get away from the strip and get used to life outside of Vegas before heading back home. I love the staff here. Super nice!
4	good food, loved the breakfast selection
5	We always come to the Egg & I when we are in Vegas!  Today was no exception. Lindsey served us an amazing breakfast. We love your selection and especially the spinach Benny.
5	Went here because of the great reviews, and was not disappointed. Long line out front, but surprisingly only waited 15 min for a table. Food was excellent. Lindsey our waitress was very friendly and attentive. Will definitely be back on my next trip!
5	As always great service.  Our server Amanda is great and always has a smile on her face. Love coming back
2	We came here with high hopes because of all the choices, loved the potatoes. The coffee had a burnt taste so we asked for a fresh pot but it still took 3 sugars to make it drinkable. The skillet my wife had with the Portuguese sausage seemed over salted and gave her a stomach ache and sent her to the bathroom several times. Our waitress was forgetfull and not very knowledgeable about the menu.  We probably wont be back for a while as long as the Omelet house is still in business. Sorry Eggs & I
5	As long as you like eggs, this is great! They have few non egg choices, but a plethora of egg creations!I had their breakfast burrito (scraped out of its tortilla -no gluten for me ). It was very good. In retrospect I would just get a skillet but I was starving and not thinking clearly with all the choices! I went on a Saturday morning and even though it was crowded, it felt like the wait was fine. The staff is friendly and was obviously working very hard to be quick yet still friendly. I enjoyed this place.
5	First time here, loved the foods and customer service was great. Chance she is a great waitress I do appreciate the hard work and for a great service.
5	Came to Vegas to celebrate my boyfriends 21st birthday.. And today we go back home :( but before we leave we decided to track down an awesome place for breakfast to keep us going for the ride back! My boyfriend chose this place because of all the great reviews he saw on Yelp. And we weren't disappointed! The omelette was so cheesy and delicious and my tuna melt was perfect! The seasoned fries and breakfast potatoes were awesome too! Lily was our server and she was super sweet and brought us whatever we needed right away. We will be making it a tradition whenever we come out here to eat at the Egg & I! Thank you!! Now for the drive home..... :( lol
5	This place was delicious! I loved it can't wait to go back next time I visit vegas!!! Yummy
5	Fantastic breakfast, great service (thank you, Lisa). I had the strawberry cream French toast.
4	I love Egg and I and Egg Works. Great food, plenty of choices, nice presentation, moderately priced. Very friendly servers and nice ambience. Great tasting Traditional Benny! Would be a 5 star if not for a long wait.
5	In a city full of great breakfast places, the Egg & I is definitely one of them. Seriously, though, it's very good. And relatively cheap. Very unpretentious. And the banana nut muffins are amazing. Our server, Amanda, was the best! Very friendly and attentive and never once rushed us even though we took our sweet time. If you can make it off the strip, this place is definitely worth it.
4	Just finished breakfast Amanda are service was fantastic!   We sat outside enjoyed the nice weather and savored out banana nut muffin!!
4	Great breakfast spot away from the strip and fantastic prices! Best vegas breakfast imo
5	This was probably the best spot we hit on a recent trip to vegas.  It's always a good sign when a place is packed midweek. We were sat immediately and there was no wait to receive drinks and menus. Our waitress was Chance and quite honestly one of the best servers I've had in a long time. She knew her menu and was open to giving suggestions. She was also VERY attentive and upbeat in general. during a pretty good breakfast rush, mind you!Firstly, as I said before, it's busy. But you never have to flag down a waitress or ask when your order is coming. There's a little sign on the table which lets you flip between a happy egg and a frowny egg. If the frowny egg is showing, the waitress/waiter is supposed to help you right away. I never had to use this sign because the service was so prompt. First thing I loved was the bottomless cup of coffee. You're given a full thermos pitcher of coffee all for your table and there's plenty of sugar (or substitutes) and cream at hand. I usually ask for a recommendation on what to order when traveling and Chance was eager to help. She told me about the Chile Relleno Benedict and said that it's not normally on the menu (special days only) but that it really was a must try. Honestly, I'm not huge on chile relleno but hey she seemed enthusiastic and I went ahead and ordered it. It was amazing. And it SHOULD be an everyday menu item. I'll go into both dishes and what was so awesome about them below. Chile Relleno Benedict:Wow. The dish was amazing. Benedicts make just about anything better but this was no joke. REALLY well thought out and balanced. First thing I noticed was that the eggs were PERFECTLY poached. The whites were soft but not slimey or runny. There was zero cooked yoke. It was warm and ran smooth just the way god intended. I don't know what was breaded in the dish but it was either the Chile itself or the thinly sliced (and tender as all hell) chicken breast. The breading was really what made the dish I think. It added just enough saltiness that I didn't need to add salt or pepper to my breakfast. I always add salt and pepper (unless I get chicken fried steak) and that was a pleasant surprise. The chile and the chicken were topped off with the poached eggs and hollandaise sauce. There were home fries on the side which also needed no seasoning beside what was already there but honestly I would have been ok just eating the chile relleno benedict. It was really that good. My GF ordered the veggie pesto sandwich with Cajun fries. I didn't try the sandwich itself but she said the bread was very tender and the pesto was really tasty. I DID sneak a few fries however and loved them. Thinly cut shoestring style potatoes covered in seasoning. Another instance where salt was not necessary. Really they would have been fine without ketchup. I fully intend on visiting this place every time I head to Las Vegas and can't say enough good things about it. Thank you Chance for the awesome recommendation and thank you Egg & I for turning out exceptional food and service at a great price!
5	Super great service. The second we walked in we were seated Imeadiatly outside, there was full house but the wait wast not long at all. Chance was our server and she greeted us so warmly.Chance is the reason I will be coming back!!
5	This is a great breakfast place with so many delicious choices. But the best thing about this place is the incredible customer service you get from Amanda. She is the most cheerful, friendly and super nice waitress we have had the pleasure to meet.
1	We ordered some kind of Mexican dish that comes with tortillas, and asked waitress for the corn tortillas,  because I'm gluten free, and we got flour tortilla inside, we asked again and second time they brought us flour tortilla, after we spoke with manager she proposed us to get extra muffin. Seems like she doesn't know what gluten free means
5	Short and simple good portions and amazing food definitely recommend it Chance was our server and she was exceptional!
5	Egg and I, WHY ARE YOU NOT IN CALIFORNIA?Stopped by here when I was hungry and visiting Vegas. I ordered the stuffed french toast, and let me tell you, it did not dissappoint. Absolutely delicious. Was expecting hashbrowns as potatoes, nope. This place goes above and beyond and gives you some of the most delicious breakfast potatoes you will ever eat. Our server was extremely sweet. Wish I had gotten her name, she reccomended dishes to us and was super helpful. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I had a Sunday morning breakfast at the egg and I yesterday.  The place was super busy, and the hostess wrote my name down as milassa (it's Melissa) and when I told her it Was spelled Melissa,  she said "we'll figure it out" thankfully,  our server,  Kelcey was awesome!!!   She made sure to do her quality check, even though she had several other tables to take care of,  and when I had an avacado issue,  she took care of it and the manager stopped by the table to make sure everything was okay.  The only thing that I was displeased about was that this one location does not serve bloody Mary's (the other 5 do) or any alcohol in general.  I was seriously looking forward to a bloody with my eggs benny.
4	Yummy! Had breakfast here this morning. It's very busy on a Sunday morning. There was a wait but if you're willing to sit at the fist available seating then you get right in by sitting on the patio. With 60 degree temps in November the patio feels about 50 degrees in the shade but there are heaters by each table to warm you up. It wouldn't be so bad if the wind wasn't blowing so much this morning making it feel more chilly. Plus I noticed the food gets cold quicker while outside.My husband and I ordered The Classic with a side of turkey bacon and sausage for the meat. It's was quick, fresh and delicious. This place really is one of the best local breakfast spots in town IMHO. It's not as greasy as the rest.
5	Wish this place was in California! Gotta get the banana nut muffin. I've only had the country fried steak here, but refuse to get anything else. The potatoes are so bomb here, Airways finish it! Service is great and is always crowded. The 4.5 stars on Yelp are definitely deserved!
5	Amazing!!!!! Great service, delicious food. If you are in the area you must try this place out. Skillets, omelette are very good. Fresh baked muffins are delish. We found this place last year and heading out to Vegas this weekend, for sure we will be stoping by.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place to go to when I'm in Vegas. I usually save this for my last stop before going home. Always making Vegas a yummy food destination. If you're a breakfast person this is the place for you. They have every kind of breakfast you can think of and they do it right. Also, a must is there banana nut muffin that you can also buy to take home as gift! Always really really yummy! This place never disappoint.
4	The food is good and they have a good variety. but the only problem is that the service is a little slow. and I got a pastrami Reuben  which also came with fries and a deli pickle and they have a good selection of coffee creamers.
5	I was in carb heaven at the Egg and I, had the biscuits and gravy and the banana walnut muffin which were both very good. Service was very good and our food was delivered quite fast. Crowded, but the wait went very fast. Look like a new favorite in Vegas for me.
5	Our server Alexa definitely deserves a trip to Disneyland! The food was amazing as always! It usually is a bit of a wait but that's because everything is so good!
5	Good food. Great service. Our server Chance was the best. The banana bread is a must. Also the chicken fried steak
5	Everything is good here.Go here everytime im at vegas because it's cheap and delicious.I've had the avocado sour cream omelette and the country fried steak skillet.Both are amazingservice is good as well
5	The husband and I were in town for the weekend looking for a good spot to have breakfast at. Good thing I looked up on yelp first because it was so good!! I had the chile relleno omelette with the works potatoes on the side and it was very good. The husband had the works omelette and it was tasty as well. If your in town try this place out. We will definitely be coming again when we are back in the area visiting. It was packed but all worth the wait!!
5	We've been to LV many times and we usually eat breakfast buffet near the strip. But this place is good. Lizete reserved our seats because we called in. Once seated Debra just made us feel special with her service. The muffin is sooooo fresh and tasty. She even accommodated our request to replace the ordered toast with the muffin. I highly recommend for visitors to have your breakfast at Egg and I.
5	Great food, large servings and if your lucky, Dariesia will serve you.... If your lucky.:)A return trip is required.
4	Fast, friendly, and fresh... All 3 qualities I like in my food establishments. There's a lot of items in the menu for breakfast, lunch, & dinner.
5	Yummers!!!I loved this restaurant.  We only had to wait 15 minutes on a Sunday morning and were kindly seated.  The restaurant is a good size and was cutely decorated.  It's a really good family and brunch place.  I ordered an omelette and enjoyed it a lot.  The portions are generous here.  The best part of this place is the service.  Our server (older Hispanic lady) was very funny and recommended different things for us.  I was being picky and she let me.  Thanks, ma'am!  The roasted potatoes here are really good.  I like hashed browns a lot and never really like home potatoes, but for once the potatoes trumped the hashed browns.  They were crispy and lightly seasoned.I tried the chocolate chip pumpkin pancakes and the tasted absolutely AMAZING!  I couldn't stop eating them even though I was full.  I also had a bite of someone's French toast sandwich, and oh my gosh, did that taste like heaven in my mouth!!!!!  If you're ok with a heart attack on a plate, this is it.  It was a huge portion of eggs, bacon, ham, and sausage goodness.  This was probably the tastiest thing on the menu, and I had only a bite.  Definitely something you can share if you're not too hungry.  Great service and good value for the dollar!Egg & I, I will be back!
4	I ate breakfast at the Egg & I on Sahara in Las Vegas, NV on 11/23/2014.  I was my 1st time there.  There were seven of us.  Everyone had something different.  I had their western omelette.  This place is connected with Egg Works and has the same menu.  Plus, I took photos.
4	Half order of Mashed Potatoes Omelet and an ice tea is how everyone should start their day!
5	Food here is excellent and service was ok considering we call and made our reservation.
3	Just average. Ordered the biscuits and gravy two eggs over medium with bacon and potatoes. The gravy had no sausage in it as far as I could tell, the eggs were under cooked, sent them back just to get the same under cooked eggs, the only really good thing was the potatoes.Only got two cups of coffee, the server took the coffee pot away when the eggs were sent back. I guess that was my punishment for sending the eggs back.Most likely will not return.
5	Absolutely amazing! The place was busy but we were still seated right away. We didn't have to wait at all for our food. Our banana nut muffins were so fresh they were still warm. We all got different things off of the menu and liked everything we had. Lisa was our waitress- she was very friendly, and very efficient.  We will definitely stop here again when we visit vegas!
5	I come here every time I visit vegas, which is about 8 to 10 times a year.I love this place,  their food is amazing!Don't be fooled by the big crowd outside waiting, they are so quick with serving that people are constantly getting seated.Servers like Dariesia make the restaurant experience fun and enjoyable! Servers should learn from her and Crack a joke once in a while. Haha.Highly recommended! Just don't come at the same time as me, might have to fight for the banana nut muffins... :)
2	The cashier/hostess Caresia must've been having a bad day. She was not friendly or personable at all. The food wasn't good. I ordered the strawberry cream cheese french toast. There was so much cream cheese, whip cream and artificial strawberry sauce that you couldn't enjoy the French toast at all. It was soggy. No need for syrup at all because it was so sweet. Definitely won't be going back to this place. The only thing good was the hospitality by the waitresses that's why I give it 2 stars.
4	I went here based on the yelp reviews.  Lots of locals mixed with tourists.  Seated right away and even on a Monday morning was jammed packed with people. I had the Cheese, Spinach & Egg omelet. Even though it is not on the menu, you can design your own omelette.  so I designed one just for me, I asked for fruit rather than potatoes no extra charge to change the sides the fruit was amazing -big pieces of  pineapple, orange, grapefruit, watermelon, canteloupe and honeydew.  Everything was yummy including the home made Banana Nut Muffins and we took a few to go.  Good place for breakfast, nice menu selection and Carole Ann was a great waitress.  The total cost including two breakfasts, 3 muffins to go, 2 hot teas, = $31.00 with tax & tip.  Very good breakfast & service.
5	The banana nut muffin was delish, a must have! Service was wonderful thanks to Karla for making our experience wonderful!
1	VERY MISLED by Yelpers here. No accounting for taste....We had the tuna melt, the Sundance Special, and the flavored coffee (partner's idea). The Sundance Special, a veggie omelet with thought behind it, was actually pretty yummy (artichoke, feta, spinach...great flavors), but the potatoes that come with were pretty yucky. Just cubed potatoes that are overly seasoned and taste previously frozen, not that fresh.The tuna melt was the WORST I'VE HAD IN MY LIFE. SOOOOO BAD! The "cheese" looked like a non-melting version of Velveeta. I'm not sure it was real. I had to scrape it off; it was disgusting. Also the tuna salad part was the worst tuna salad ever. It was a mushy, wet, flavorless glob of mayonnaise mess. The Parmesan bread it comes on is super-salty. The matchstick fries it comes with don't taste that fresh and are overly spiced.I picked the sandwich to pieces, and most pieces remained on my plate. I ate my partner's Sundance Special, because Vegas portion sizes allow for that. The server didn't even bother to ask how our food was, just slapped the check down and didn't comment that I had barely touched my plate.The flavored coffee (hazelnut) is really gross. Bad idea to order it, but it tastes like the bad idea it is--overly sweet with its sweetness covering up that burnt taste that most diner coffee has.This is the kind of place that automatically brings straws with water and gives you styrofoam for your leftovers.
3	First time eating there I ate the prime rib poached eggs ssndwich.  Very different style of presentation.   Food was cold when receiving it.  Potatoes were nothing special.  But what was the kicker for me was their salsa.  Thank goodness I didn't dump it on food without tasting it first.  Tasted like vinegar.  They had table tent advertising to vote for best breakfast of Las Vegas.  No I couldn't do that at all.  Service was excellent.   That's only reason I'm giving 3 stars.
4	We did not want to have breakfast at the hotel and we decided to give this place a try. It is a great place . Service is very nice and friendly.we had Darlesia as our server , I give her 5 stars. I highly recommend The eggs & I.
5	Delicious!!  The banana nut muffin is to die for.  The breakfast is delicious here.  The potatoes are flavorful very seasoned. Portions are pretty big - very filling.  Food comes out pretty fast.
5	Amazing breakfast with a break away from all the Vegas pricing at other restaurants. Our server was Lisa who was outstanding, always making sure we were well taken care of. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an awesome breakfast for a decent price.
5	So completely awesome. Love the table service interactives. Makes things so easy. The food was delicious with great portion sizes.
3	Taste: 3Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 3Service: 5Bang for your buck: 3.5Lets start with when your standing in line (with no one in it) and 2 girls walk up they will ignore you and seat them first so off to a bad start. The waitress is what made me change my mind very friendly and attentive (perfect service). Now to the food, not sure why this place got such high ratings but i wasn't that impressed. They seem to be all about the omelets so the other stuff might not be so good; to start i got a side of biscuits and gravy... more like stale dry biscuits with not enough gravy so again not off to a good start. So the main dish yeah i should have got an omelet but with so many choices i couldn't decide so i got the cabo breakfast burrito... bad choice the burrito was soggy smothered in sauce it was just very un appetizing and the side of house potatoes covered in that texas seasoning was one cold and dry so i don't know if i just got the last of that batch but my experience here was nothing short of just meh nothing that dennys couldn't have filled. Overall the service here at least from my waitress was what gave this a 3 star but the food was not what i expected; especially from the high reviews this place got. NEXT
5	I would give a hundred stars if I could. Alexa was beyond amazing, I'm shocked she's not serving at the nicest most high end restaurant in Vegas. She has a smile that lights up an entire room and a personality to match it. We were being somewhat complicated with our order and everything came out perfect and tasted great. Will absolutely be back!!
5	Lisa was fantastic! Everything about this place is fantastic. ServiceAttentive quick. Within fave minutes drink was served and with in ten food is served. Just right amount of check ups and right after we finished the bill and Togo box is served. GoodOrdered the works omelette and beef hash, with muffins and potatoes as sides. The banana muffins are simply amazing. I'm not a big fan of baked goods but the muffins are something else. The potatoes tastes like squared fries and delightfully crispy. The actual omelette and the beef hash are tasty with just the right amount of seasoning. Did I mention bottomless coffee? Omg this place have everything! This will be my new favorite spot when I come to Vegas
5	I have to say, this was a outstanding breakfast, right down to the coffee. I had pork chops and eggs that was so tender. We also had the corned beef hash which was outstanding. Wherever you are at in Vegas, this is worth the drive. It is now a must have when I come into town. I was outstanding
1	This place was horrible! Did we come on a bad day or what? The 4 of us decided to stop in here for breakfast before making the 10 hour trip back home. We decided to give this place a try as it had really good reviews. We got in and got seated pretty fast, there was quite a few people. I ordered a vanilla latte coffee whatever and it was way too sweet. I feel like I might have gotten diabetes from that coffee. Aftwr looking at the newspaper menu for a few minutes I decided on the chicken fried steak skillet since I am a big fan of all things chicken friend. The 3 others got the Mexican omelet, I believe that is what it was called. The food came out pretty quick, first glance at my chicken fried skillet made me queesy but I was hungry and I thought it can't be that bad. The country gravy was gelatinous. It was weird. Like a slime blob of gravy exploded all over my food. Whatever. Give it a try. It didn't taste that bad but it didn't taste good. It was very salty and I just couldn't get over the slime gravy so I stopped eating. Everyone else with their Mexican omelet had tears streaming down their face. Apparently the omelet was too spicy to even enjoy. My partner is Mexican and loves her spicy foods. She is obsessed with all things spicy, tears will be streaking down her face and she will still say it isn't spicy enough, but even she struggled with the omelet. Maybe not that it was too spicy but that it tasted like crap spicy. Anyways, about 10 minutes after trying to eat my slime it hit me like a brick, I made a beeline to the bathroom and was in there for about 10 minutes only to return 5 more times. As you can imagine the 10 hour car ride home was horrible. Never again.
5	Excellent breakfast, excellent service. Veronica was amazing! We come here all the time and are never disappointed.
5	The food is always fresh and the service is great. Huge portions of quality food for a low price. Karla was our server this time and she did great.
5	AmaZing best american brunch/ breakfast ever! Prices are reasonable. thank you Karla she helped us to find out the best ones in the menu! Easy to park! 4 miles to stribe dont be lazy is worthed
5	We ordered Works Skillet, Traditional Benny, and the strawberry stuffed toast. All orders come with a large portion, and the most important is: they are very very yummy! Best Breakfast in Vegas!
4	Excellent place for breakfast. We found it by chance. Huge portions and the ranch potatoes were awesome. Service was perfect and the wait time was 10-15 minutes. I would highly recommend.
5	Great place for breakfast and the price is just right.  Plenty of parking since it is away from the strip.  Dining area is immaculate and bright.  Servers are always hanging smile on their face.  They are friendly and attentive, always give you suggestion if you have a hard time to choose your breakfast.  Food serve hot and they are very home-made.  Portion is good and they are not too greasy for my taste.Their menu is printed on a newspaper, very creative and interesting.
5	We loved our breakfast.  Bacon avocado omelet and carnitas pork skillet.   Great service by all the staff.   We will be back next time we are in town.
4	Not too shabby. Only complaint I have is the wait, it's rather insane. The food is excellent, I recommend the Veggie Benny for any vegetarians. Their potatoes rule!!!
4	Must stop here for breakfast if you're in Vegas! Awesome food and great service, Thank u Carole Ann!! Try the corn beef hash.. Homemade and delicious!
3	We got tired of paying a premium for breakfast on the strip and checked Yelp for some local suggestions in town.  The Egg & I seemed to have decent reviews, so we checked it out.  On the day we went, New Year's Eve morning, it was busy.  We had to wait about 20 minutes to get seated, which was fine.  Looking at the menu, I quickly locked onto the biscuits & gravy meal (with eggs and potatoes).  I'm a complete sucker for this meal and decided to give it a try.  When I ate my meal, I discovered the biscuits weren't homemade (and were crumbly) and the gravy was unremarkable.  You can't really screw up scrambled eggs.  The potatoes were wildly over seasoned and virtually unbearable to eat. I rate the Egg & I biscuits & gravy as a "5" (on a scale of 1-10 with 10 being the best I've ever had, which is at Arthur's Family Restaurant located in Orange, CA). The service was fine and the food came out fast.  If I'm in the area again, I'll give Egg & I a chance to redeem itself (by choosing something else off of the breakfast menu).
4	The wait time was not bad at all, Sunday morning only about 15 min. The staff was super friendly. Get the muffin.  My omelet was ok.
4	Stuffed French Toast.... Brunch time
5	Awesome experience here. Chocolate chip pancakes were great, homemade muffin fantastic and amazing service. Waitress offered to grab us to-go drinks and food was out within 10 minutes of ordering (even with the restaurant full). Great dinner feel and exceptional service. Highly recommend.
