2	Cute disney steam punk theme with shitty bartenders n shitty drinks n TGIF food. Female bartender was cool but dudes were all hipster steampunk douchebags thinking I'm so serious I have to read the cocktail recipe moving my lips. Hostesses are hot. Classic bait n switch.  You ever seen those animatronic pirates on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Disneyland?  That's what these bartenders reminded me, automated and slow.  In fact, I think you could program those robot pirates to mix faster and better cocktails, then they would scoot along their tracks to the next customer.  I mean even the dude bringing me my food talked to me about the food and seemed to take more pride in the food than these guys did in their "cocktails."
5	The food is great!! U almost have to try the whole menu it's so good. The drinks r 1 of a kind, it might take a min to get it but there amazing I enjoyed it all the service is great the food is breath take n, u just have to try it!!!!
5	If you are a local or just visiting Las Vegas, RX Boiler Room is a "must see" culinary/beverage experience. The redesign of the former RM Seafood upstairs is tantalizing to all of the senses. The sexy new venue is a perfect backdrop for the delicious surprises being served up by the kitchen and bar. I highly recommend the Kampachi tacos, lamb Osso Buco, Squid-ee-os, Oxtail Croquettes, Insideout Onion Soup Grilled Cheese, OMG! I can't wait to go back!
5	I absolutely love the steampunk theme!! The cocktails are so unique. "Mario took the wrong warp pipe" is like a smooth herbal creamsicle (sounds weird, I know, but you have to try it!!) Service is outstanding. Everyone is super friendly and knowledgeable :) Food favorites: kona kampachi tacos, inside out French onion soup (like a grilled cheese w onions), citrus salmon smoked under a glass dome, shellfish sheppard's pie (scallops, crab& shrimp!) and the peach cobbler. It's a great place to hang out!!
5	With a revolutionary steampunk theme and outstanding service the Rx Boiler Room is one you shouldn't miss!  You may be captured by the ambiance, but the celebrity chef-driven menu paired with innovative mixology create a sustainable and satisfying experience. Don't just make a stop, but plan your evening around Rx Boiler Room. You won't regret it:)
5	when in vegas, try this great place, the manager eric smith is wonderful, food, ambiance and it is amazing to be at.  it is like being in another world.  the food, staff are amazing, you will be treated like a king and queen, and,  the way it looks like a palace.
3	I was SUPER excited to check this place out when I saw the signs for a new restaurant in Mandalay Shoppes.  Rick Moonen's restaurants don't disappoint and I was fired up for something aside from fancy-shmans seafood.  This place has a VERY cool theme - I love the decor, LOVE LOVE the uniforms (each server wearing something unique), and the overall vibe.Here's the breakdown:The drinks were very inventive and although not every one we tried knocked our socks off, there were a few gems.1/2 star for a cool drink menuFood:Chick pot pie nuggets 3.5/5 - there were great conceptually, but a little bland.French Onion Dip Sandwich - 1/5 - the sandwich was very bland and oddly, needed salt or something simple to fix it.  I was hoping the au jus would do the trick,but even the au jus was bland. :(Fried Oxtail - 2/5 - again, great concept...but unlike the french dip, this was SUPER salty.  Texture was great, but it was way too salty to enjoy.Mac and Cheese - 7/5!! If nothing else, you MUST go here for the mac and cheese.  Really delicious - crunchy on top, perfect creaminess, perfect texture.  YUM.1/2 star for the Mac and Cheese alone, 1/2 for the creativity of the menu.Service:Adorable hostesses, great outfits.The server was...well, um...not amazing.  We ordered drinks and some appies, and the appies arrived BEFORE our drinks.  ...What?  Then, during the first round, she asked if we wanted to order anything else, we said - we're good for a few minutes...and then she took the menus.  ...What?  We were a group of 4 people and had only order two appies thus far.  Weird.So, after a few minutes, we get another menu and again order drinks and more appies...and AGAIN, the food came first.  SO very odd.The saving grace was that the "apprentice" who served our water was FAB.  We got all our food and drink recommendations from her and would probably go back just because she was so good.1/2 star for the service - thanks to the "apprentice."One Fun Surprise:Rick Moonen stopped by our table to ask how everything was.  That is awesome.  The guy has a whole host of restaurants in Vegas, so I love that personal touch...of course, it was the second day they were open, so it makes sense.  Still, I love that he took the time to make that impact.1 Star for Rick Moonen.Overall:This is a new restaurant - they're clearly still working out the kinks.  I'd go back on a date or something if I was in the area.  I'd like to give this place 6 months to figure things out and then try again - or at the least, grab appies upstairs and do dinner at RM Seafood downstairs.
5	what a unique concept! service was awesome fourth day open and the staff was very well educated on the food and drinks. the drink were very original and great tasting! if you come for dinner you have to try the potpie nuggets, Mac n cheese and the skirt steak- but don't forget to save room for dessert you won't be disappointed I promise! can't wait to go back :-)
1	No comment...
5	So here's the newest celebrity chef driven hot spot to land on the Vegas strip. And this one does not blend in with the crowd! I'm already a fan of Rick Moonen's, RM Seafood and was excited to find he opened a new place right above his signature restaurant!I am not one to be sidetracked when en route to a night of shopping at Urban Outfitters, but I was lured over by the punk inspired gears on the mechanical archway. My friend is a museum curator and although she is not easily impressed,  she was also drawn in by the modern gothic design. Really cool space.  After a quick look at the menu we decided to venture in for a closer look. The friendly manager was even kind enough to give us a quick tour. The restaurant's Neo-Victorian theme was the perfect blend of science fiction meets fantasy. Felt like I was in a time machine! The entire staff was all decked out, too. Glad we ended up staying for a quick snack even though we already ate.  The entire menu was quirky, fun and very innovative. Def lives up to owner Rick Moonen's progressive style. Top Chef worthy creative comfort foods. My friend ordered the Mac and cheese and hasn't stopped raving about it. Another guy at the bar was eating their version of spaghetti-o's made with squid rings!! I can't wait to come hungry next time. I'm already planning a return visit before I go to see the Flaming Lips next month. Can't wait to try some of the smoked cocktails! Eclectic!!
1	This place blows
5	I was wondering how celebrity chef Rick Moonen's new concept at Mandalay Bay was going to be set up and I must say.....Very impressed. The decor and friendly staff sweep you off your feet immediatley. The cocktails here are second to none (This includes Vesper bar at Cosmo and the local watering hole Herbs and Rye). The food was AMAZING. The pot pie nuggets and ox tail croquettes with citrus aioli were mouth watering and super hot, but the fried cornish game hen and Mac 'n' cheese with pin wheel pasta left me craving this nightly ever since. Truly a very superb restaurant and fantastic after hours lounge.
5	A steampunk-themed restaurant with unique cocktails and tapas? Easiest choice I'd ever made. Both food and drinks were amazing, and the chef (Rick Moonen) even came out to chat with us.Atmosphere: Perfect. Admittedly, we're both very into steampunk, industrial sort of looks, and this place pulled it off beautifully, from the decorations to the uniforms.Drinks: I got "Some Like it Hot," which is comprised of Ford's gin, Solerno blood orange liqueur, honey syrup, lemon, habanero shrub bitters, sierra nevada pale ale, smoked paprika-pink Himalayan salt. It was a unique taste, and I sucked it down. (I love me some foods/drinks with a kick.She got "How Many Licks" on the server's recommendation, comprised of raisin-infused Hennessy Black cognac, house-made plum-vanilla bean shrub, disaronno amaretto, lemon, sauternes wine, fever-free soda water, grated nutmeg, cognac-soaked raisins. She really enjoyed it ... and again, a very unique flavor (tasted like ... as you'd assume ... raisins).Food: We got (forgive me, I forget some of the names) shrimp corndogs, chicken pot pie nuggets, and inside-out French onion grilled cheese sandwiches. All three were awesome. We both adored the sandwiches, and our opinions were flipped on the corndogs vs nuggets. (I loved the corndogs, she loved the nuggets, and we were both just OK with the other.)Downsides: A little expensive, and the serving staff was a bit *too* attentive (they were almost vultures, secretly and awkwardly spying on us to make sure we didn't need anything, and a different person would come by our table every few minutes to ask how everything was). Those are small complaints, to be sure, and regarding the staff ... it's been open for FIVE DAYS as of this post, and they're still getting their sea legs; given that, I think they did an excellent job. Better to err on the side of TOO much service rather than lazy service.
5	This place is awesome!!! The theme is really unique and fun! Everything on the menu is unlike anything I've had. I love how the kitchen is all clear glass and the recipes are all original! The rocky road is AMAZING!! ( I ordered two!!)
4	Seems like pubs done by celebrity chefs are all the rage now.  I think it was a smart idea by Rick Moonen to change the upstairs of RM Seafood to this.  It's a really cool space with interesting furniture and displays.  I have no idea what steampunk is though.  I can only imagine Joey Ramone in a sauna.  We chose to sit at the bar to chat it up with the bartenders and get their opinions on drinks etc.  It was also a treat to see them make some of these concoctions.  I know quite a few Yelpers that love the whiskey and this should be a spot to check out.  I will definitely try the smoked whiskey next time.  Check out some of the other people's pics.  My wife wasn't into any of the specialty cocktails and opted for the appletini (ha fn ha).  But they used actual apple instead of that Pucker BS so it tasted as legit as an appletini could.  I went with some long titled cocktail called "Mario Warped the something something" which featured egg white, tequila and thyme.  It tasted like a margarita made by a mad scientist.  I also had a bottle of an Austrian lemon beer I'd never had before which was super refreshing.  The chicken liver pate was just OK.  One of the bartenders tried to build up the fact that the pate was "like in this totally cool jar".  That'd be interesting if Thomas Keller hadn't already been doing that up the street at Bouchon since they opened.  I prefer duck liver pate any day of the week.  I'd skip this.  Interesting idea with the inside out French onion grilled cheese but I feel like it totally missed the mark on both ends.  I'd rather have an excellent grilled cheese sandwich or a robust and cheesy French onion soup than this combo.  This is a skip too.We both really liked the Lamb Osso Bucco Greek style.  Two gloriously tender shanks of lamb with orzo on the bottom that was swimming in the lamb juice.  Anthony M's picture of it is way better than mine.Shockingly the best thing we had was dessert.  2 of the bartenders kept raving and raving about the green tea panna cotta with pineapple and macadamia nut cookie. It was definitely all that.     I am rounding up on Rx Boiler Room.  It was more like 3.683712 stars but I think some of the dishes we passed on this first go around will be things I look forward to trying soon.  Hey Rick!  How about a happy hour??
3	First thing to note: I sent the restaurant a pm on their Facebook page and got no response, so now I'll review publicly.My husband and I went there for our first wedding anniversary dinner. Drinks, apps, and food were good. Service seemed not quite up to par for Las Vegas. - our booth was super bright - the light fixture was right in my face, after apps came, we noticed a dial on the wall and adjusted our own lighting, would have been a nice thing for the server to pay attention to and offer to adjust. -I wasn't sold on the steam punk theme, could be even better/more over the top-waitstaff kept spilling water everywhere trying to refill our glasses. Get them pitchers they can actually pour water out of and not dump all over the table.- my seafood shepherd's pie had a lifetime supply of mashed potatoes on top and they weren't great mashed potatoes. I scraped off more than half and left on the plate, I didn't want to fill up on potatoes when there was great crab and lobster below.-DESSERT (which no other reviewers seem to have ordered) was horrible. First we ordered the cookies and milk, the menu would make you think that you would receive warm fresh baked cookies, not the case. These cookies were awful, almost tasted like they were gluten free, I would have preferred chips ahoy and nutter butters. The waiter asked if something was wrong with the dessert, and we said "these cookies are terrible" so he suggested we choose something else, we went with our second choice Rocky Road pudding. That was also terrible, if I wanted instant pudding, I'd whip up the stuff I have in my pantry at home. We saw the chef walking around, but he did not come speak to us, and after we sent food back - you'd think he'd stop by and see what they could do differently. Next time, I would probably go back to Rx for quick drinks/bar apps, and RM for dinner (they have great food AND desserts downstairs)
5	My girlfriend and I decided to check this place out after a meal at rm seafood. Great atmosphere, great drinks, and we had a great conversation with Rick Moonen himself! We'll definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
4	Unusual but very nice restaurant in the Mandalay Bay hotel.  Starters served in a tapas style - the fat duck chips (that's crisps for us Brits) with guacamole was excellent.  I had a shellfish shepherd's pie which sounds like a but of an oxymoron but was also very good.  No room for deserts so moved on then!
5	Seriously what a great find. Decided to take a break from the club scene on a Vegas trip and stumbled upon this little spot on our way into Minus 5. Absolutely incredible cocktails (I had the "Mario took the wrong warp pipe" and my friend had "how many licks" - what great names!!) and seriously it's such a great spot. Awesome vibe, stellar decor, interesting concept, (still incredible drinks), and amazingly friendly service. The cocktails took a little longer than most other places but that's because the drinks are so intense and complicated. They are absolutely worth waiting for. Wow! Love it :)
4	I'm all for the gastropub fad sweeping through the city, especially with the transformation of the upstairs of RM Seafood to Rx Boiler Room. The whole steampunk motif is cool although it looks like they spent more time updating the entry and lounge area than the main dining room. The theme could have been pushed a little more throughout the restaurant. It is Vegas, so taking it over the top would have been fitting.It's one of the better gastropubs in town and while there were some dishes that missed the mark, others were stellar. The best of the bunch was the bucket of crispy game hen ($16). Its large portion size makes it one of the better deals in the restaurant and the well seasoned, light, crispy, peppery exterior and tender, fall-off-the-bone meat could challenge for the best fried chicken in town.Another excellent dish was the Maine lobster roll ($24). Not much was changed from a traditional version of the dish and maybe that's what makes it so good. It's simple and delicious. The only drawbacks are that there wasn't enough lobster meat and it was slightly overdressed.I'm a fan of their braised oxtail croquettes ($9). The savory and rich beef had a texture similar to a brisket and the sauce added just the right amount of acidity. Another beef dish -- the grilled Niman Ranch skirt steak ($24) -- was small, but perfectly seasoned. Accompanying the steak were house-made tater tots with a light and airy interior that made them one of the highlights of the night. The mac and cheese ($14) was pretty awesome too. The pinwheel pasta was fitting with the gear and steampunk motif of the restaurant and the use of five different cheeses will have your tastebuds doing cartwheels.Other dishes we tried included a fairly standard Rx guacamole ($8) that wasn't nearly as delicious as the duck fat chips it came with. The chicken pot pie nuggets ($8) were just... meh... The heavy and thick exterior didn't help at all. Rx steak-n-eggs ($24) will probably disappoint most just because the cost-to-size ratio is hard to ignore. It's a small portion that had a lot going on -- too many flavors and textures that muted what was probably some quality beef.Let's hope they get enough business to keep this place open. When we were there on a Friday night it was dead. The location isn't ideal for attracting diners and if you park in the Mandalay Bay garage it's a long haul. The best way to get here is to valet at Mandalay Place (between Mandalay Bay and Luxor) and take the escalator up to the shops and dining area.
5	We were a restaurant's nightmare.  We went in with a large party that while all the food was going to be on one check, the drinks were going to be split between 8-10 people. For most restaurants this would have been a problem but for the RX Boiler Room they treated it like it was no big deal. Their hostesses made sure that the waitresses knew the situation and when we explained how much we loved the lobby area with the tables and couches, told us we could stay in the couch and lobby area which made it easy for the group to get up and talk to various people as our party grew to more than 13 (I lost count at some point). So a big huge thank you to the staff - most restaurants wouldn't have been happy, but you wouldn't have known it was an issue at all for the staff of the RX Boiler Room. I should say we went in on a Sunday night, so had we descended on them on a busier night like Saturday or Sunday they may have been less enthusiastic. Our party was there mostly to enjoy the ambiance of being in a Steampunk (that's a genre of science fiction that borrows from the Victorian Age which was the age of Steam for it's look and themes), but  we were all blown away by the service and the quality of the food and drinks.  We must have ordered at least one of every side dish and small plate. While everything was good, the favorites were the chicken pot pie nuggets, the inside out french onion soup,  and you would have thought we were little kids in corsets, top hats, and goggles when the cookies and milk came. Drinks are $10-12 so it is not inexpensive to drink there,but the drinks are creative and interesting and the staff is great on advising regarding your choices.  Food is fairly reasonable, especially for strip prices and a few appetizers/small plates really dose work well for my husband and I. I have some minor knocks on the place: They have a slide show of Steampunk art, but no credit is given to the artists who made the work. Whoever did their slideshow should go back in and put in artist name and website/tumblr/blog link in the lower right corner.  I had heard drinks came in beakers and didn't see any drinks served in science type glass ware.  Maybe we didn't order the right drinks?  It was kinda a bummer, but nothing major. I wanted to go around and give all the waitstaff hats or fascinators, depending on gender.  It was one missing fashion piece to cap off the look. That said, they were all attentive servers and absolutely at the top of their game. So if you like Steampunk, go, you won't be disappointed.  If you like good gastropub food/tapas style dining you won't be disappointed.
2	We were excited to try this new restaurant. Tried the chicken pot pie nuggets, they had a nice thin crisp but the insides were half empty so they were a meh.The Inside out French Onion Grilled Cheese Cheese Sandwich was tasty and the Onion soup laced with wine was good.The slow cooked egg on the jumbo asparagus seemed undercooked and slightlyraw. The whites were slightly undercooked and runny. The yolk was not velvety as I am sure the chef intended. The asparagus were nice fresh and crisp but I didn't enjoy the undercooked egg on it, as it was just asparagus in a pool of liquid that didn't coat the asparagus. I've eaten slow cooked eggs before and missed that velvety consistency. The VERY BEST OUTSTANDING thing I tried were the fish tacos. They were so delicious and layered with flavors and spices on clever thin crisp taro root shells. But the problem was they were so tiny, more tiny than street tacos maybe only a little over an inch long. But they were $4.00 each so you spend $12.00 for Super Great Tacos that are only slightly larger than amuse bouche sized. The tacos we received were just too small for $12.00 so I feel that is a meh.Cheese plate was OK but uninspired. Some of the grapes had rotten spots. While not fully rotten they were too far from fresh to be on the plate.  A little concern and observation from the kitchen should have caught this.We brought the grape issue to someone's attention in a nice way asking for nothing in return, and were told someone would come out to speak with us. We waited and waited then got the check and then paid the check. Nobody ever came out.I would have given three stars but since nobody came out to speak to us. Price point is a factor too.Wine selection by the glass is limited $14. - $25. a glass Cocktails that I looked at ran $14.00 - $17.00 a glass
4	We had drinks there with various groups of friends three times during our stay in Vegas and had dinner at the Boiler room on one night. The beverages are excellent, carefully crafted, and inventive (mixology!). Everyone was happy with their food. The beet and goat cheese salad and the grinata desert trio were my favorites.The atmosphere/style and the service were also wonderful.
1	I am STUNNED by the high rating of this place. My friends and I came here for a late dinner on Friday night. We were seated after about 10 min. We had a large group of about 12 people. The restaurant was pretty empty. We got a really big table. The dining room looked really neat. Our waitress greeted us nicely. She showed us how to use the drink menu.  They had a really cool selection of drinks. They were innovative but pricey. I got the rum cocktail (forgot the name); it was really good. The drink was strong but the flavor was really great.We ordered quite a few things from the menu. The food took forever. They messed up on 1/4th of our orders. It was just one HOT MESS. The food was not worth the wait. By the time our food came, everyone was in a bad mood. The food was not awful but not great either. The kitchen needs to pay a little more attention to what they're doing. It made no sense to us why they were messing up so badly on a slow day. Leaving bits of  duck bone in the duck lettuce wraps is a big no-no. The experience left us with very little to smile about. The only dish that I was really impressed with was the green tea panna cotta. It was such a great refreshing dessert. I loved the textures of the toppings, and the li hing mui worked so well with the matcha flavors. This is probably the only thing I'd recommend at the RX boiler room. It really sucked that we had to pay a huge gratuity bc of the size of the party. The service just turned awful by the end of our night. We were clearly frustrated, and the staff didn't handle this frustration very well. They looked just as pissed off at us as we were at them. They offered nothing to appease us. Instead, some of my very frustrated friends had to ask them if they were going to do anything about what happened. They brought out like half a dozen of small cookies, but it just felt really forced and a little too late. Everyone in our party left in a foul mood that night. It really put a damper on the start of our Vegas trip.Definitely not coming back here. There is no shortage of amazing food in Vegas. RX Boiler Room needs to step it up or else they'll be off the strip in no time.
5	AWWWWW YIIIISSSSS RX Boiler RoomLocated above the good ol RM Seafood (Mandalay Bay...would it hurt to put up some damn signs?) And i've waited way too long to write this review so lets just get to the food.- Bucket of Crispy Fried Game Hen with Bleu Cheese Dip, Buffalo SauceThe Buffalo sauce is damn good, the game hens themselves were crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside. Nice meaty pieces considering they're game hens and all. Also served with shaves of carrots and celery which is a nice touch in both presentation and...yeah i ate them too.- Jumbo Asparagus Officinalis with Soft Cooked Desert Bloom Egg & Truffle SaltSo this is a side item but it's actually pretty damn amazing. The truffle salt was light, a bit too light for my tasting and the truffle was a bit underwhelming. The asparagus sure was jumbo and the serving size quite nicely. The soft cooked desert bloom egg is just that, the soft cooked (boiled? poached?) egg yolk that offers up it's rich fatty goodness to what ever you dip it in.- Johnny's Big Dry-Aged Burger with Truffle Cheese, Lettuce, House-made Pickles & Tomato Jam Balsamic OnionsFirst of all i had this with the Truffle Cheese which gave the burger an AMAZING flavor. Secondly, i dont really like burgers much because they're pretty much a dime a dozen but it's difficult as hell to find a good burger let alone a GREAT burger. Last, for 18 dollars is this burger worth it...the answer is yes Yes OH GOD YES. I'd one of these every meal of the day if possible.- Rx Guacamole with Duck Fat ChipsThe guac is...pretty standard. The Duck Fat Chips...oh god if it wasnt so unhealthy i'd eat them along with Johnny's burger.- Braised Oxtail Croquettes Dijonnaise with Lemon Aioli Mixed feelings about these croquettes. They are very tasty and have a lovely crunchy outside to gooey inside ratio but the individual pieces are so small it's hard to taste everything in just one bite. Well it was for me as everything described is being shared with others- Moon N Doggies - Two Shrimp Corn Dogs, Cilantro Aioli & Asian SlawDidnt get a chance to taste the slaw but the moon doggies were quite nice. The shrimp wasnt too mushy from being ground up and still had some good texture. The cornbread batter was nice and light resulting in a crispy shell.- Flight of Onion Rings - Smoked Ranch & BBQ Sauce this "flight" is actually very nicely served on a wire rack model of an airplane with the sauces tucked in the wings. quite an adorable presentation. Rings were good too.- Lamb Osso Bucco Greek Style with Toasted Orzo, Germolata and Ricotta Salata Cheese Lamb wasnt as gamey as i was expecting but still quite tasty. Couldnt really taste the toastyness of the orzo but it went well with the greek style sauce. Not all the bones had marrow but of the ones that did....nice VERY niceYelp 100 - 039 of 100
3	Not too impressed really, but not disgusted to warrant anything less than a 2 star review.  Came here with the hubby after walking the strip.  We were seated immediately.  Server was nice and took our orders.  Food was ok but not phenomenal.  Had the braised oxtail for an appetizer.  It was ok, the lemon aioli with it was pretty good.  He had the dry aged burger with cheddar.  Husband said the burger would have been good had the cheese not been so sharp.  I ordered the shrimp and grits.  It was delicious to be quite honest--but good God for the price I was expecting a larger portion! I realize I'm in Vegas.  Got it.  But seriously the portion size could have been larger than what I received, which was in a small skillet.  If you guys are reading this, please increase the serving size! Other than that, I recommend this place.  The food was ok but not mind blowing.
4	So, Rick Moonen decided to get rid of RM Seafood's 2nd floor and turn that space to Rx Boiler Room - a gastropub version of RM so it's a totally different vibe.  Dimly lit, velvety seats and curtains, leatherette tables and servers strutting in corsets. Rick Moonen going to our table and chatting with us.There's one menu item I didn't fall in love with from RM and that's his lobster roll and I was surprised to see it on Rx's menu - I stayed away from that. They have an interesting drink menu but I can't really remember the drink names because they're soooo long like the Mario (something) Wrong Warp (something).  I wanted to try it but my attention span went out the door upon reading the name. We tried chicken pot pie nuggets, inside out French onion grilled cheese, bacon-wrapped bacon n egg, braised oxtail croquettes Dijonnaise, Moonen tater tots, Johnny's big dry-aged burger.  For dessert, we had the matcha panna cotta and the pie Americana.Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets:Fried pot pie balls with carrots, peas, chicken bits and a bit of soup inside.  It's like the Western version (fried and fatty) of xiaolongbao (Chinese steamed soup dumplings). Great idea but the nuggets could use a bit more soup in them. 3/5Inside Out French Onion Grilled Cheese:Provolone, parmesan and gruyere in the crispy sammie sliced diagonally topped with pickles and served with a warm, slightly onion-y beefstock dip. French onion soup meets grilled cheese, basically. 4/5Bacon-Wrapped Bacon n Egg:Toasted brioche with tomato jam, thick piece of bacon topped with a sunny side up quail egg, sprinkled with black sesame and chives with pea mousse on the side. My favorite dish of the evening...and quite possibly of any of Rick Moonen's creative ideas thus far.  I'm not even a fan of runny egg yolks...or egg yolks, period! But I imagined how they painstakingly cracked each tiny quail egg and fried them - I appreciate the patience that went into making this lovely dish. You got textures (crunchy, fatty, creamy) and flavors that compliment each other. There were 3 of us and a baby at the table and I ate 2 out of 3 (sorry, unfortunate person who didn't get to try one. You snooze, you lose). I had to do it. 5/5Braised Oxtail Croquettes Dijonnaise:As the name implies...Dijon + mayonnaise = Dijonnaise. Two of my least favorite things combined to create something that actually wasn't bad. The croquettes were more like fried mozzarella sticks in appearance but had savory and mildly sweet oxtail.  Dip it in lemon aioli...oh my! 5/5Moonen Tater Tots and Johnny's Big Dry-Aged Burger:Shawn got a medium rare burger (what a shocker!) with double the truffle cheese so I got tater tots (comes with ketchup and tartar sauce) to go with it. The tots tasted better dipped in tartar sauce. The burger was very messy to eat.  It has pickles, lettuce, tomato jam, Balsamic onions and your choice of cheese from the cheese plate (truffle, fontina, brie, cheddar or bleu). The cheese that was added onto the burger didn't taste truffle-y at all and was more like brie...double brie isn't that good. 3/5Mahalo Matcha Panna Cotta:Matcha green tea panna cotta in a generous serving topped with macadamia nut tuile, li-hung mui pineapples and passionfruit sorbet. Loved this dessert an it was worth skipping the gym for. Creamy mild green tea panna cotta and tart passionfruit sorbet. 5/5Pie Americana:Classic apple pie re-imagined served with vanilla ice cream and walnuts. 4/5These are your basic comfort food items. Anyone knows how to make these dishes and most restaurants have them.  But what's brilliant is reinventing the same dishes and making them seem interesting. I'm still hoping they could re-invent their lobster rolls though.  Service was good although there was some sort of confusion...with the complimentary bread which we didn't get.
3	Get the bone in filet and the Mac and cheese. The filet was s bit salty though. The sorbet dessert is pretty.
5	Let me start this by saying that my party came here during restaurant week and the one thing I have learned over the years is every restaurant has their best foot forward during this time. With that in mind... The food was outstanding, we did not have the prefix menu that was offered, but rather chose to order from the regular menu. The service was amazing and our drinks were never empty. I am worried that on a Saturday night we did not need any reservations and were able to walk right in. (hope they make it) This should be a must stop for every local...
5	We had a great time here on a recent trip to Vegas. One of the best meals we've had. The cocktails were great and the fried game hen was amazing.
3	Had a lovely kale Caesar salad with chicken. Flavors  were good, but chicken was slightly overdone and salad was overdressed. Loved the ambiance and our server was terrific! Think her name was Marcela. Yummy flavored shaved ices for dessert!
2	Only reason for 2 stars is service. Food is over priced - even for Vegas. The cocktails are good but the descriptions are a little exaggerated. The portions are pretty small. Pork tacos were good but otherwise not with the money. Servers were good tho.
2	Made a reservation through open table for a party of 6 during Restaraunt week.  Between our party we had a combination of the appetizer sampler for 2 (fish tacos, bacon wrapped bacon & eggs, chicken pot pie nuggets) all were good, the chicken pot pie nuggets were lacking something in flavor , maybe salt? For entrees we had the crispy fried game hen and shrimp and grits while the other half of our party ordered the niman skirt steak, again all were ok, nothing memorable with the exception of the bacon wrapped bacon & egg appetizer.   About midway through our meal, we finally received our sides ( that we had to ask about) of zucchini and mac and cheese.  The dessert options included freshly baked cookies and milk or trio of sorbets.  The cookies were good, again nothing I couldn't have baked in my own oven at home.  When our check came we were surprised to see all the extra fees we were not aware of: restaurant week charity donation as well as the appetizer upcharge.  I've been doing research on the restaurant week menus and never noticed an upcharge fee on the online menu, the physical menu nor were we told at the time of order, they also changed the price from the website from $40 to $50.  Should've chose a different restaurant for RW or ordered a la carte from the menu.  Will probably not be returning or recommending. Jameson mule was pretty good though
4	After reading reviews, after I already went, Im sad I didnt try the food!We went here because we were rejected from Light @ mandalay.  Surprisingly their hand crafted cocktails reminded me of some pretty awesome speakeasys I've been to.  So my review are for the drinks.Loved the Mario went down the wrong pipe, whiskey coke and they had some cocktail with coffee ice cubes.  Went there with 7-8 people and everyone loved their drinks as well.Just be aware that they are all extremely handcrafted so it takes a bit of time to order!  I just double fisted all night so I had a drink queued up and ready!Pleasantly surprised by this place for drinks!
4	Mixologist was able to break down our drink ingredient by ingredient. These are some detailed cocktails if you love that experience. I do and this was a favorite stop on this trip. Loved the Some Like it Hot. Light & refreshing. Husband had Papa's Got a Brand New Bag. Would like more vegetarian options on their appetizers menu. What I did view was creative. I just didn't try anything.
5	We ate here on a whim and it was the best decision ever.  My wife and I shared 3 different appetizers and they were all great, however, the chicken pot pie nuggets were outstanding!  Service was top notch and our waitress even showed us around the kitchen area after we ate.  We didn't get the table side drink service but it looked cool.  Will do it for sure next time.
5	I returned to the scene of the crime. I feel obligated as first time around, first course I was served a couple amuse douche bartenders. Well, seems like the owners took notice, because this place has pivoted 180 and now is one of my favorite craft cocktail spots in Vegas. Their food is also great, the rawfish tacos were awesome. The bartender Jackie was amazing and served a special rumchata cocktail that was sweet. Everything seemed to taste better. Maybe first time round my palate was distorted by the bitter taste of suppressed rage. I could even see the exasperation in the bar back trying to get the douchebag bartenders to serve me. Good job rx, you found the antidote to shitty service and made a miracle cure that made your patient even better.
5	One of the best dining experiences we have had in Vegas!  Everything from the unique design of the restaurant to the attentive staff to the delicious food was excellent.  First, I must thank our terrific waitress, Marcella! She was a big reason why our experience was so fantastic.  She was polite, funny and engaging. She gave us a tour of the restaurant, encouraged us to take as many photos as we wanted and made sure our meal was as memorable as could be.  She never missed a beat and made us feel incredibly welcomed and important as diners.  Job well done.The food was simply incredible.  We tried the chicken pot pie bites.  The fried fritters contained a thick chicken broth, peas, and seasonings and were out of this world.  We also tried the guacamole and duck fat chips.  I don't normally like guacamole but I found myself going back to it constantly.  For the entrees, my wife had the Peking duck lettuce wraps which contained perfectly cooked duck confit, and I had the basket of fried game hen.  Marcella eased my concerns about trying game hen for the first time and I'm glad she did.  It was delicious.  For dessert, we had the cookies (10 freshly baked cookies!) and milk and the Pie Americana.  The sweet personal message Marcella had written in chocolate on our plate was a great ending to this experience.  If you're in Vegas, definitely dine at Rx!
3	Everything is TINY. If you see a photo of any food, think of it as really being at least 1/2 the size you have pictured in the head. TINY as in unimaginably small compared to what you expected. You'll laugh and think $16 bucks for these three items that are only twice the size of a US quarter. Cool decor and interesting wait staff.. Just don't visit if you're hungry.
4	How have I not written my review for this place? My bad. I have been here twice. It was a hit and miss situation. The first time was much better than the second. The first time was with a large group of friends around the grand opening. Th second time was for Restaurant Week. With the former, it was a group of eight starting off with cocktails at the bar. The attention to service was what impressed me the most. When we were all present, the hostess came to get us and carried out drinks on trays. It was a nice touch. I am more than capable of carrying my drink from the bar to my table, but it was appreciated. The food was spectacular minus a few glitches such as the all kale caesar being dominated by romaine. The second time, they rectified that problem. With the party of eight, we pretty much tried everything. The steak and tator tots, oxtail croquettes, chicken pot pie nuggets, osso bucco with orzo were my favorite items. The fried game hen with their locally sourced organic honey was delicious, too. Everything was enjoyable from start to finish.The second time was a little more chaotic. The food came out lukewarm to cool on some of the items. We were all hungry, so we let it slide. The appetizer for two could have used a little more substance. It was not enough compared to the larger salads. The entrees were definitely generous. I was stuffed at this point. Once the desserts came around I was done for. The fresh baked cookies with milk was ridiculous in sheer volume. The three granita dessert was nice, but lacked a cohesiveness. Almond and coffee made sense. Almond and watermelon was not bad. Yet trying to figure out how coffee and watermelon worked one after the other didn't pan out. The beverage program here is solid and I enjoyed the concoctions they put out. They have added to their list since the first time. I would definitely go back again.
5	My friends and I came in last Saturday (9/7) before an event at Mandalay, and were excited to try this place.To start, this place based on location and the Steampunk style has all of the potential to be very pretentious... But it wasn't! From start to finish our experience was excellent.We were running late and had to push our res back 15 mins, which the hostess graciously accommodated. When we arrived, we were warmly greeted and sat immediately. Every employee that waited on our table was very friendly and professional. Our waitress was knowledgable, helpful, and gave us the perfect amount of attention while still giving us time to enjoy our meal and hang out. She gave us excellent cocktail recommendations too!Food wise we all split appetizers. We ordered the pot pie nuggets, oxtail croquettes, inside out French onion grilled cheese, and guac, all which were very tasty. We also split the dessert apple pie which was great.Overall an enjoyable experience. I will definitely be back.
4	I went here with a small group after dinner on a summer Saturday night. It wasn't too crowded - I'm assuming everyone was busy trying to get into Light.Crowd - Upscale HipsterDrinks - 10/10Menu creativity and execution made our visit a very great experience. Also, they present the menu on an iPad - ohhhhhh schmancyyyyy! We didn't get a chance to order any food but the drinks were pretty darn expensive. Of course it was expected, it's Vegas. I will say this - I rather pay $15 for these delicious little concoctions rather than $15 for a RedBull/Vodka at the club. The bar area has a snazzy mirror above the island which allows customers to spectate the bartender as drinks are made. A lot of TLC is put into each drink and each one has it's own unique signature.Atmosphere - 9/10Dim lit, intimate, mellow. Very clean! +Service - 9/10Very polite and attentive. I asked a busy waitress to point me toward the bathroom - she stopped what she was doing and escorted me all the way there. Although unnecessary, very much appreciated.I enjoyed my time here and would like to eventually try their entire menu.*September 2013
3	The prices are more expensive than the online menu. Before going to RX we studied the menu online. The items we chose were much more expensive at the restaurant. For instance the skirt steak was $24 online with potatoes and  $36 at the restaurant without potatoes. The cocktails are very good. I think they are the only thing that is going to save this place. The food was fair but at these prices I expect amazing.  The waitress was nice but obviously was not a professional server.
2	While waiting for a our table to be ready at another restaurant, my friends and I popped in for a a drink.The drinks were awful and the prices were outrageous. I ordered a lemon drop and it came to me in a tiny champagne glass.  Once our table was ready, my friends headed out and I decided to ask for our bill.  I was charged $17.00 for a terrible drink.  I asked the cocktail server why she rang it in as a premium and she said he'd have to hunt down a manager to fix it.  After a few minutes, I had to suck it up and pay $50.00 for three drink.  Total rip off and total tourist trap.
2	I hate giving out BAD reviews...especially at places that my friends have enjoyed.  After all, that is the reason why we came here, because we heard GREAT things!Let me start off saying that the food was not BAD.  It just was not notable in MY eyes, and it felt EXPENSIVE.  And I didn't even pick up the tab this time!First example, Moonen Tater Tots ($9).  Overpriced for the portion size...I think there were 9 or 10 tater tots in there??  That is about $1 a tater tot...and no, it's not drenched in truffle oil or accompanied by a fancy aioli.  The taste was just ok...not very memorable.Braised Oxtail Croquettes Dijionnaise ($12). Looks like a mozzarella stick, but it's filled with oxtail and potato. It was good, just not liking my "bang for the buck" here.  Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets ($11): Natural Jus with Peas and Carrots. These were interesting...good, different, but not great.  I want something to stand out!!  We aren't eating at Applebees...or spending Applebees money.Johnny's Dry Aged Burger ($18). I asked for double portion of Truffle Cheese, but it was NOT very truffle like and tasted DRY like a goat's cheese/brie...which I don't like at all. Sad, because it ruined my burger.  Maybe if I had only one cheese, it would have been more tolerable, just don't compare this to Todd English's Olives Truffle Cheese Burger for instance...not the same burger or cheese...not even the same ballpark.The desserts were good, Pie Americana ($9): Apple Compote. Puff Pastry, Vanilla Ice Cream and Walnuts. Fancy apple pie, good flavor here...and the Mahalo Matcha Panna Cotta ($10): Green Tea Panna Cotta, Macadamia Nut Tuile, and Passion Fruit Sorbet. Good combination of flavors, but again, nothing really stood OUT to me, and it still felt a little overpriced.Seems like I am the minority here...everyone else seems to like this place.  But I have no reason why I would go back and spend the cheddar.Pics :
3	The drinks are a amazing when made right although the bar staff is lacking in the experience department she had to make my drink twice.  We didn't eat any of the food but we plan on coming back soon to do so
1	Slow service, small amounts of food, priced high - must be Vegas! Sadly the service didn't warrant the cost... I expect more when my entree dish costs almost $40 but takes almost 40 minutes to cook.The manager personally came to our table at least three times when another waiter would notice us sitting for long period of time.Honestly there are better places to eat - it is Vegas after all.
1	Ugh. I was so disappointed with my experience there. The food was okay, but nothing special and definitely not worth the high price tag. However, it was the service that made me hate the place. 7:40: We arrived to get dinner before our show at 9:30. We were seated at 7:44, after the hostess had to check the table chart twice for a table... there were plenty of seats.  My boyfriend commented that it may not be a good sign that the dining room wasn't busy yet only one table had food. We should have left then. 7:53: Manager stops by to give us the food menu (no, the hostess did not do this) and and ask if we've decided on a drink from the drink menu (on an iPad). We told him he's the first person to stop by the table since we sat down. 8ish: Waitress shows up and asks for our drink order. 8:10: drinks arrive. Finally. Only good part about the whole dinner. Takes our food order. We ask that it's expedited since we have a show to get to. We were told that wouldn't be a problem.8:23: Appetizer shows up. Chicken Pot Pie bites. Nothing to write home about. 8:40: Haven't seen our waitress in that past half and hour and still no dinner. There are only 6 other groups in the large dining room. We flag down another waitress who gets the manager to see where our food is. Waitress finally shows up and says that food is coming "soon". 8:47: Dinner FINALLY comes. I had lobster pasta. Boyfriend had the sturgeon. Both were "eh". Had to scarf it down since we were in a time crunch. We ask for our check.8:55: Once more, flag down another waitress to take our check since ours is MIA... Again. 9:05: Get the hell out of there and head to our show. Thankfully it's in the hotel, so we weren't late. Agreed to never, ever go to Boiler Room again.
4	We were biding our time after dinner and before the clubs when we stumbled across Rx Boiler Room. They were in their second week since opening. The drinks are strong and the decor is amazing - comfy chairs, an assortment of lamps all meld together into this surreal, burlesque-like atmosphere.They accommodated our group of 10 easily and our server made sure the drinks kept coming. The drinks are strong, and the one appetizer we had, the jumbo asparagus with truffle oil and poached egg, was amazing!This is a great spot to hang out any time you're in the area.
1	Brutal experience, and I hate to say so. Service was just insanely slow. They seemed so understaffed, especially for a Saturday night. Everything - from getting drinks, getting food, getting the bill, and even getting the menu! - took forever. I don't think any food (or price) could justify this kind of service.Food was a miss too. I'm not a price nazi at all. When I go to Vegas I know I am going to spend money and I don't care. But with this place, holy cow! Might be the biggest rip off in the casino. For what you get in taste and in portions, coupled with the service, I don't understand how anyone gets behind this place.The one silver lining was that they had a really cool bar with truly creative and original concoctions, and had two guys tending it that made it obvious that they lived for good drinks. I didn't like my drink, but I'm blaming that on my own preferences and not the drink quality.
2	Quite a disappointment - not at all to the quality of RM Seafood. Shrimp and Grits was watery and sausage tasted store bought. The peach cobbler had scant canned peaches, what tasted like store bought commercial ice cream with powdered cinnamon dumped on top. Service was attentive and professional but, as noted above, a big disappointment, price and the whole experience felt like it was done to a budget rather than a standard of quality. Best to avoid.
5	I have eaten at most all the great restaurants in Las Vegas with the big name chefs and Rick Moonen has constantly amazed me. Well my dinner last night showed me me what an innovator he is, this steam punk concept is carried out from beginning to end seamlessly. Our waiter was great, attentive but not overly so, helpful but not intrusive. This is one of the most important  things a restaurant a can do, and is rarely done. This shows great leadership to me. The food was as creative and exciting as a new type of cuisine could be EVERYTHING  was great. The design of the restaurant was sophisticated, fun and well different. We need more leaders in this incredible dining scene that are willing to take a risk...Bravo Rx Boiler Room.My only suggestion is NEVER use the words when looking for a suggestions "well  that is one of our most popular dishes.
4	Great fun bar food that was done up a bit and tasted good.  A little pricy, but would be great spot for drinks and apps. Fun decor and waitress outfits are perfect for starting off a guys' night.  We were actually there with my family - hah - but the waitresses were even able to win over my asian mom.
3	I have a feeling this place will not be around much longer.So I have been to the Rx Boiler Room twice. The first time was with a large group of friends right around when it had just opened. We met Rick Moonen and his wife and tried almost everything on the menu. Had great service and great food. The place was hopping too. The steampunk theme is really cool, you want to just hang out. and have some weird cocktails. 4 STAR experience.The second time, we had family in town and thought it'd be a fun place to take them. It was a Friday night around 7 and the place was surprisingly dead but the music was really loud, so don't expect to hold a decent conversation here. I tried to order one of their specialty drinks but were out of one of the ingredients...BOO! We ordered some apps and large plates. The thing I was most excited about getting again were the Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets. They were good, but something was different, I think it's the outside coating, they just didn't make me crave them again like they did the first time. We ate all of our food, it was good,...but just not as good as that first time. The service was so-so. 3 STAR experience. I'd tell you what we got and tell you how it was but I don't feel like it's worth my time or yours.If you have to go, get a drink and maybe one app, snap some pictures. Then get out of there, Mandalay Bay is full of better places to eat.I can say that I got it out of my system, I don't need to go back, even if they are still open a year from now (which I doubt.)
2	So you have a fascination with steampunk? And you feel like having some bar food for dinner? Well then, it would be a huge mistake to come here. Don't say I didn't warn you.We arrived to find an almost empty restaurant at 9 PM on a friday night - a telltale sign - but I was excited to check out this steampunk-themed restaurant that I long to visit. I noticed that the place has a few gear motifs here and there and a few really cool and exotic sculptures. Besides that, it was just an open space with tables and chairs. Already, I felt disappointed. But the real disappointment came when our food arrived. There were four of us and we ordered the bacon wrapped bacon and egg, oxtail sticks, chicken pot pie nuggets, cheese charcuterie, mac n cheese and potato fries. Our whole party liked the oxtail and the bacon wrapped bacon n egg but we could not get over the fact that these mediocre items were costing us almost 5 times the costs if we were to get these items elsewhere. I don't feel right paying $9 for a bucket of fries that tasted exactly like fries at McDonalds. Or paying $14 for a tiny bowl of mediocre mac n cheese. If only their drinks were better to make up for the terrible eating experience but that would be asking too much of the Rx Boiler Room, as I ordered the Some like it hot cocktail and was terribly disappointed at this drink as well. Stay away, unless you just don't care about the price - or the food -  and just want to come in to look at the cool sculptures.
5	Great food and even BETTER drinks!I had initially passed over Rx because of a few 1 star reviews, let me assure you that they couldn't be more wrong.  The ambiance and feel of the place is great, well dressed staff and cool decorations, as well as cool steam punk stuff and movies playing.  The food was good and very unique (bacon wrapped bacon quail eggs were tasty) and average priced for on strip eats and drinks.The drinks were amazing and like nothing I've had (I specifically remember a smoked whiskey drink that we had).The staff was very knowledgeable and professional in making drinks as well as making recommendations about the menu.  Eric, the manager, was also very friendly and even made a special round of drinks for a newlywed couple that he comped them and wished them the best!I highly recommend trying this place for a round of drinks and snacks like no other place I've been.
2	I was excited to try this place out.  The interior looks great!  I liked everything about the decor.  We ordered oysters, French onion grilled cheese, and steak.  The description and ingredients on the menu sound so delicious. I felt everything was mediocre.  I was disappointed.  The price for what I got really turns me off.  I don't mind the small portions that are neatly plated.  I wasn't impressed by what we ordered and did not feel that it was worth the price at all.  The service was very slow and there were many empty tables.   Don't find myself coming back.
5	Ate here 3 months ago and still craving:the Mac and Cheese (all-the-way smooth creamy and rich)the Fried Game Hen basket (you will never see fried chicken the same again)Fun, chill atmosphere with very friendly and attentive staff.I can imagine this place is underrated by a full star because it may be a bit pricey. But in my mind it's worth it. If I am still dreaming of food I had 3 months ago, that's 5 stars in my book.Related note: this place is similar but better than Gordon Ramsay's Pub at Caesars. Gourmet comfort food vibe.
5	Love this place! Delicious, creative small plates, and our server Holly was wonderful!
4	Amazing decor and atmosphere. The pot pie nuggets and the taro root fish tacos were very tasty. The seafood shepherds pie I ordered came out just warm. I hesitated but sent it back. They brought it back nice and hot and it was so worth the wait. Our waiter and the manager apologized profusely and gave us dessert on the house. Overall we had a great experience.
5	We were slightly saddened when RM's upstairs restaurant closed, but when we heard he was planning on opening a new restaurant in its place we knew that we had to try his creation as soon as possible.We were not disappointed in Boiler Room. The service was great, the environment was fun, industrial without being heavy and definitely a nice place to dine at night. There was not a large crowd, but I don't think we went until later and night. The music was at a perfect volume, and I liked that the restaurant was a little more edgy compared to its predecessor. After flipping through the menu, my husband settled for the appetizer portion of the Duck Lettuce Wraps, and the waitress (the moment I said I was gluten free)suggested the lobster pasta but made with zucchini pasta. You know...a mandolined zucchini instead of pasta. Low carb and delicious? Sign me up!My husband's lettuce wraps left him wanting more. Savory, not greasy, delicious and just what he wanted them to be. My pasta was great. Maybe a little more salt and pepper and a hit of cheese would have helped just a bit, but it's not like I'm complaining here. I ate most of the dish while my husband finished the rest. We both could have eaten it all over again, not because the portions were too small but because the quality of food was so high and the taste was delicious.You will not be disappointed going to RX Boiler Room.
4	Loved it!  They took great care of us (group of 7).  One of the meals came out after everyone else's meal, so they did the right thing and immediately told us that they would take it off of the bill.  The decor is fun, service great, and the food is yummy.  The small plates are, indeed, quite small,  but the burgers are hearty and delicious, and the charcuterie and cheese platters are generous.
5	OK, I was sicker than a dog with a cold for most of my visit to Vegas and thankfully, my last evening there, I was feeling a little better and we stumbled upon this amazing spot.  The environment is very funky fun; think speak-easy meets Moulin Rouge.  The iPad with the drinks is cool (but a little unnecessary...didn't really add anything).  As for the drinks, let me tell you I met a true artist.  Ngoc behind the bar was one gifted mixologist (her martini stencils on her nails should have been a giveaway) who knows her stuff.  I told her that I wasted a gin martini but wasn't quite in the mood for my go-to Bombay Sapphire and she whipped up one humdinger of a Fords 'tini for me that was scrumptious. Dinner didn't disappoint either.  Tyler our server was great...made wonderful suggestions including the brussel sprouts that melt in your mouth and those glorious tots with tarter sauce (who knew?!?!?!).  Shared a steak with my fellow diner which was good, but not sure I'd do steak on the next visit.  Spot just has a cool vibe that's not boilerplate Vegas but feels a bit more Los Angeles to me.  Classic cocktails, beautiful menu that is creative, and wildly attentive and professional staff who knew the menu and their products incredibly well.  Would absolutely seek this spot out again and would recommend hands down.
5	I'm one of the many folks who never had an opportunity to eat at the upstairs restaurant of RM Seafood, which was very fancy and more upscale than the casual vibe from the downstairs restraurant which I've visited a few times.  But now that Rick Moonen has re-imagined the spot as a steampunk inspired tapas gastropub which is fittingly named, Rx Boiler Room,  I thought it would be worth a try since it's a more casual spot now.  I love what they've done with the place with the steampunk look.Since their slogan is "The alchemy of food & drink", I figured that it would only be right to try at least one of their specialty cocktails.  On their iPad cocktail menu (http://bit.ly/1h8Y1Ru), they all looked and sounded pretty cool.Smoked Whiskey & Cola -- http://bit.ly/1fsH0RIGeorge Dickel Tennessee Whiskey, House made Cola Syrup, Bittercube Cherrybark Vanilla Bitters, Fever Tree Soda Water, & Smoked Cherrywood ChipsThey call this Jack & Coke's much cooler cousin, and by simply looking at their presentation I can definitely see why.  Let's face it, I only really bought this drink just so I can see the Smoking Skull for the Smoked Whiskey.  It was badass!!  The drink was pretty good though and went well with my meal.I made a late dinner reservation at Rx Boiler Room at 10pm on a Friday night.  I think one thing that makes this place shine is that it's open really late on the weekends till 2am.  The only thing that was regretting about that late reservation was because it was my second dinner that night and I came in only 50% hungry.  But thankfully Rx Boiler Room's menu has a very diverse selection of plates that can satisfy any type of appetite with a whole array of small plates and some very large plates as well that include thick cut steaks and seafood.  So naturally, I ordered some of their popular small plates that I've seen pics of on yelp that looked and sounded the most interesting.Rx Fish Tacos in Taro Root Shells -- http://bit.ly/191AwKsKampachi Tartare with GrapefruitBasically they're mini ceviche tacos.  Pretty pricey, but every bite was so good!Bacon Wrapped Bacon-N-Egg --  http://bit.ly/1c2r1evBrioche Toast, Tomato Jam, and Sunny Side Quail Egg.This is probably their most popular plate and it's pretty obvious why.  I mean it doesn't get any better than bacon wrapped pork belly topped with a quail egg on sweet toasted brioche.  It's ridiculously good!Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets -- http://bit.ly/191AsupTempura Fried filled with Natural Jus and Peas-N-CarrotsI think this is one of their more creative entrees.  No sauce needed with these nuggets because it's all inside!I ordered a good amount of food and I found myself pretty full after having all these small plates.  If I wasn't so full, I probably would've tried their take on the famous cronut, or coughnut, as its spelled on their menu.So even though I only tried just a small sample of what Rx Boiler Room had to offer, it was definitely enough to make a fan out of me.  I could probably see myself coming here more often than RM Seafood because it's easily more accessible and inviting with it's casual approach and up my alley as a gastropub with a steampunk setting, great creative food, and interesting cocktails.
5	One of my favorite meals in Las Vegas. We went with a group of 6, and the wait staff were all excellent. We had drinks made tableside, and the bartender/mixologist was really knowledgeable, and chatted with us about everything he was doing. He even made me a custom mocktail using the all-spice syrup that was featured in the cocktail. It was delicious.The food was all great, including the burgers, mac and cheese, fried game hen, and french onion grilled cheese. Next time we're in Vegas we'll be back and get everything on the menu we didn't have a chance to try this time.
4	To be honest, I haven't had a drink or a meal at this place because me being a local, I don't often go out to the casinos to eat. However, this place has become part of my "Here's THe Places I Think Are Cool in Las Vega$$" tour.  It's really a neato swanky kinda place, but also has a very approachable feel to it and I really like that quality. Rarely can a place be that nice while also being so inviting, and I think Rx Boiler Room pulls it off gracefully.I was there last night and I ran into some friend who'd had some of the appetizers and they were raving about them so now I'm REALLY fascinated.The Steam Punk/Jules Verne-esque decor has a feel that makes you wanna grab a glass of brandy, light an old pipe and listen to stories of the high seas. It's got a very comfortable feel and the people that work there are friendly and very professional.I can't wait to go back.If any of you go there before I get to go back, PLEASE do a a quick review...I really want this place to be successful.
5	I took my little brother here for his birthday because he LOVES steampunk. And from the eyes of a soon to be 11 year old, he thought the restaurant was INCREDIBLE. I would have to agree with him :-) The food was delicious, the decorations were amazing and the staff was so friendly. We got the chicken pot pie nuggets, the hamburger, the mac n cheese side and the milk and cookies. So good!My only complaint was that it was a little pricey, but all restaurants in casinos are expected to be so I'm not too worked up about that. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun and different place to get dinner!
5	It's one of the many restaurants on the Luxor to Mandalay Bay shopping indoor strip, they have some pretty nice ones here. It looks great and it's pretty big with different sections, behind every curtain and door there are a few more tables. Sat at the bar and ordered the Smoked Whisky Cola that I've seen in a commercial. You get to talk to the guys and girls at the bar, they are very knowledgeable and friendly. They make a lot of smoke in a crystal skull and infuse that in your whiskey drink. so your cocktail will taste like incense smoke and you'll drink it. It's a little too strong at first but after a while you get used to it and it's great! My second drink was a Japanese whiskey which was good too. Wifey had a some fruity drinks that tasted too much like cucumber to me, but she liked them. Great Vegas style spot, great drinks and excellent service that leave you with a great felling!
2	The food is good but a little pricey for what you get.  "Small Bites" are just that, very small.  Service was friendly but slow (even on a very slow night). The restaurant is Steam Punk themed but there's something about it that just didn't work for me.  I think they might trying too hard with their ambiance.  It's feels like a Disney version of steam punk.  The restaurant was empty when we were there and we though it might be just a slow night in the area.  However, other restaurants in the area (Hussong's, Burger Bar, Ri RA) were packed.  We didn't feel a need to come back to this place in the future.
4	This place had awesome decor! Waitstaff was on top of everything, and everyone was very nice. Food was really good too! I had the skirt steak with a side of mac n' cheese and it was sooo good! My fiancee was a little disappointed with the short ribs. He got more veggies than meat but he said it was good anyways. Only bummer about the restaurant was they only have one bathroom for women. I waited so long to use the bathroom that one of the wait staff just told me to use the men's, which I did. Really cool place, good food and very nice waitstaff.
3	I went here on a recommendation to drink cocktails made by the hands of one Eric Smith. I sat down at the bar and requested Eric who was introduced to me and I was immediately passed down to who, I am assuming, is his second in command. She was very lovely and definitely said all the right things but I really feel like she was a pretty face reciting from memory what she had been taught with no true love of the craft. I even caught her in the "My favorite cocktail to make is the (insert most expensive cocktail on the menu here)" trick. So I thought to myself, "Well okay maybe Eric was a little too busy and will make my next one?". Nope. Still got the same bartender. So I thought to myself, "For my next cocktail I will specifically ask (again) for Eric." Unfortunately he was not around so I bailed. As far as the cocktails go.. My first was the Gebroni Negroni. I am a big fan of negronis so when I saw all of the ingredients they crammed into this one, I basically just wanted to try it to tell them how much is sucked. It was actually not that bad. It might have been slightly syrupy and just a tad sweet for my liking but it was an impressive cocktail that could have been tweaked to perfection if I had requested it.The next cocltail was their take on a Jack and Coke. I didn't really get to see how it was made because instead of making it in front of me, my bartender, (I forgot her name) made it in front of the customer who had already seen it done once. I know smoke is involved because I did get to take a picture (after asking) of a Crystal Skull Vodka bottle filled with smoke that went along with the drink. It was a mediocre cocktail. Slightly watery with a hint of whiskey flavor. It wasn't a horrible cocktail but definitely not worth the price.I also ordered the taro root fish tacos. Nifty idea. Not sure if the taro root really came through the taste of the fish. I was also mildly insulted by two different bar backs about the fact that I was ONLY getting the tacos.  Two very poor and awkward attempts at trying to get me to order more food backfired and only increased my desire for an earlier than planned exit. Someone needs to teach those boys subtly. There are ways to inspire people to buy more food without being a d-bag.  The Rx Boiler room is actually a very cool room. Steampunk but without over doing it. I just wish I could have had a better experience here.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped in for a drink before our reservations downstairs and we both fell in love the with it. A sexy, industrial vibe mixed in with a splash of Rat Pack old school class. The service was very fun and interactive. We watched bartenders put on a show making creative wacky drinks including one that had smoked burbon in a glass skull. The food was great! We shared a bunch of small plates including the chicken pot pie nuggets (my favorite), the bacon-n-egg, the tater tots and the crispy fried game hen.Here is where the evening went from great to spectacular. After we finished our array of amazing food we still wanted something small to eat, so we started talking to the bartender. He said there was a special of that Rick Moonen was making for the evening of oysters with cucumber spheres created with molecular gastronomy. Now, I am always up for trying new things and am intrigued with the blending of science and food so we ordered them. Then about ten minutes later they were hand delivered by Rick Moonen himself! What a treat, we talked to him about his Top Chef Masters appearance and told him we were fans. Then he and the bartender created a custom gin drink to go along with the oysters. I have never liked gin or oysters but they were both unforgettable. The oysters were buttery and smooth with no fishy taste at all. The drink was spicy and floral and complimented the oysters just perfectly. Just goes to show that a great chef can elevate any food to be out of this world. Thank you Rx Boiler Room and Rick Moonen for creating a one-of-a-kind experience that we will never forget!!
4	Great ambience and drink selections.The atmosphere alone makes this place worth checking. It has a steam punk sort of theme throughout, and the waitress and hostess attire compliments the decor very well. It is a very inviting style that doesn't make you feel overwhelmed and compliments both the casual and fancy patrons. You can review all their cocktails, beers and wines on the ipad they give when you go in which gives you info on ingredients, origin, proof, etc. I could have easily spent two hours in this place just looking through all the different cocktails they make.If you are in town, it is a great place to stop in a get a drink.
5	One of the coolest bars in Vegas for sure! Amazing cocktails awesome staff great atmosphere. They always have the best movies on tonight there was the Adventures of Baron Munchhausen, 9, and a classic Dr Jekyll and Mr.Hyde.Behind the bar is this smoking hot girl who knows her stuff cold. Made me a crazy good shot with everclear couldn't even tell there was booze in it. Eric the bar manager runs a tight ship but you can tell everyone loves working thereI recommend you eat everything on the menu is mind blowing. Crispy fried game hen?Screw wings or chicken fingers these guys up the ante to the extreme.They get booked out for a lot of for private parties so call ahead but if you want one of the best bar experiences of your life you gotta come to Boiler Room!
5	So much fun. The food was great, the ambiance was fabulous, the service was fantastic. Our server, Tyler, was very knowledgeable and made great recommendations--and he also seemed to really enjoy his job, which is always a bonus. The table side-mixed cocktails were delicious, and we adored our personal bartender, but of course I've forgotten her name. You simply must try the "bacon fried bacon" appetizer, even if, like me, that didn't sound appealing at all to you. It is not the greasy salty mess you might expect. It is just a mouthful of wonderful. We enjoyed the cocktails (The Fleur de lis was our favorite) and the appetizers a little more than the entrees, but that is probably due mostly to the fun factor. The crab-stuffed chicken special was presented beautifully but let's face it... it was still chicken. It was our least favorite. The buffalo burger is full of flavor and big enough to share; the tater tots are just too sinful for words. And I am not a tater tot fan. That's how much I trusted Tyler. Keep this in mind as an option if you're going to a show over at the MGM Grand Garden. Instead of dealing with the mess of the MGM, we parked at Mandalay and had our pre-show "party" here, then headed over for the concert. It's a quick cab ride if you're really in a rush (which we were), or an easy walk--especially if you utilize the tram from MB to Excaliber, then cross over.
4	The staff here is awesome.  We sat at the bar and had a couple of drinks. The bar staff was personable and very helpful in selecting drinks.  The drinks were fun, creative and very tasty. I also had the shrimp and grits.  It was good but I wish I could have had more grits to make it better.  The tater tots were out of this world and reason number one while I will go back!!  Yum!!
1	Terrible service don't got to this place if you have a party of 10 or more it will take over 2 hours from the time you order your entree until you get it and unless you are a fan of food poisoning stay away from anything thing that contains fish, and then when you go and tell the manager people in you party got sick from eating there you'll get offered to comeback the next day for a drink. Never again
5	REVIEW FOR DRINK & DESSERT ONLYOther than a completely clueless hostess, this was a great experience. The panna cotta dessert was a wonderful explosion of different delicious flavors. Also, their negroni was a sublime take on the classic cocktail. The decor features a steam punk-ish theme that was a little much for my tastes, but thoughtfully done. The service at the bar was attentive. I would gladly go back for dessert and a drink again.
4	I stopped in for a drink after trying the Minus 5 bar across the way.  I'd say come here over there any day, as getting a cocktail here is quite the show.Friend got the smoked coke and whiskey... quite interesting.  It's not for me, but they smoke their own woodchips and infuse the whiskey in one of those nifty skull glass bottles.My drink I think isn't on the menu at the moment and I can't recall the name, it was a relatively simple citrusy vodka cocktail, which is my go to.  Not bad but not incredibly memorable (aside from the pretty flower in it).I'd definitely come again though.
5	Ask for Eric the bartender. He is the most amazing bartender I have ever encountered in my travels around the globe. Despite being in a major casino on the strip, and the drinks being complicated (ask for the smoked whiskey cola) the tab was only 49.00 for 6 drinks. WILL BE BACK!!
5	Amazing,amazing, amazing!!!! We were a party of five last night and had an assortment of different dishes. Everything was fabulous and we all shared to get a taste of every mouth watering dish. You must try their "Inside out French Onion Grill Cheese". Out of this world. Service was also exceptional! From chef Moonen to the mixologist which made me this great drink mixing tequila, beer and grapefruit juice, to our gracious server, they were a 10 on 10!! Definitely a winner everyone should experience ! Can't wait to go back!
5	One word to describe this place: amazing! I don't know what other people are talking about with the service but we had an excellent server named Fred who took care of us all night, as well as the manager who checked in on our meal twice and other staff who brought the food and water. Everyone was so attentive and friendly.The decor was beautiful as well. I wouldn't say it is steam punk as others have mentioned but more like London Gothic/eclectic with the red drapes and various curios around. The bar decor reminds me of an apothecary with all the Erlenmeyer flasks. And of course the food. My boyfriend and I started with the Moonen seafood sausage dogs that Rick Moonen made in a quickfire on Top Chef Masters. We were so excited to try them since we are big fans of the show and they did not disappoint! The sausage is actually quite hearty and perfectly complemented by the sauerkraut and potato chips sprinkled on top for some crunch. For the main course I had the seafood shepherd's pie which was so delicious. There was tons of scallops, shrimp, and king crab as well as carrots and peas in a yummy sauce with mashed potatoes on top. My boyfriend had the bucket of game hen. They were chicken wings but had the most succulent, moist meat and a super crispy seasoned breading. We didn't get to try any of the cocktails or dessert because we were feeling pretty broke by the end of the meal but we will definitely be back to eat next time we're in Vegas!
4	Please keep in mind that is review is only based on cocktails and service. Which were both fantastic! In an attempt to buy some time before heading out for a night on the town, we stumbled open this unique lounge with fancy scratch cocktails. I ordered a bourbon drink that was spelled similar to paparazzi ... It was topped off with charred star anise and it was boosting with flavor.  A lot of thought went in to developing this recipe and a lot of care into making it! Much appreciated ;-)
3	Thoughts:Nice decor.  Movies on the wall between the bar & main dining room a nice touch. Something to look at everywhere you looked.Menu on website not the same as menu used in restaurant.  Would have ordered short ribs that were on website menu; however this entree was not on menu we were given in the restaurant.SO frustrating when a restaurant is out of a menu item or they no longer carry something they list!  The shandy listed on the beer menu was no longer available and the server stated the kitchen had ran out of the chicken & waffles entree.  The beverage menu is on an iPad; it can't be that hard to take something off electronically.  As for an unavailable entree, the hostess should have said something when she handed us the menus, IMO.Food quality was good.  Enjoyed the lamb osso buco very much.  Appreciated the extra chips with the guacamole.  Beware - guacamole is spicy.The inside-out French onion grilled cheese was, literally, four bites of food.  Imagine one slice of bread cut in half; made into a half grilled cheese sandwich, then cut in half again.  The two sandwich pieces were served with a small bowl of some kind of dipping sauce; and no one explained what it was.On this restaurant's website, the copy states that portions are ideal for a shared dining experience.  I disagree; portions were small.Minor service issues; we didn't get small plates when appetizers were served; and could have used small plates for the vegetable side dish we ordered for the table.   Osso buco was served in a tagine and I used the under plate for my vegetables.  Busser was faster than the server when we needed anything.  They serve Pepsi products; just the basics.  No Mountain Dew and no root beer.Overall, just OK.  I would try The Boiler Room again, but I'd ask when I was seated if all menu items were available.
4	If I could decorate my dream house like any restaurant in Las Vegas, it would be RX Boiler Room. Even if the food wasn't totally amazing, I would still go here just to enjoy the incredible decor!Menu Highlights:Chicken Pot Pie NuggetsInside Out French Onion Grilled Cheese (small but worth it)Bacon Wrapped Bacon-n-eggJohnny's Pickle JarGame Hen n' WafflesMac n' cheese - pinwheel pasta, where do you ever see that anymore?!Another thing I love about RX is the ability you have to come in here for a really expensive meal, or a totally affordable meal. I ate here last night, and managed to get out with a bill under $100 which included a bottle of wine. This is also a great place to go all out with a group of friends and share a ton of things from the menu. I would highly recommend a visit, and make sure to stop in downstairs to Rick's other resturant RM Seafood!
4	Participated in Restaurant Week and had my 3-course meal here.Sat at the bar and was very impressed and intrigued by all their mixology tools and bar appliances. The bartenders were nice and engaged in conversation. When I first came in, they kind of had this 'pretentious mixology' look to them, probably the top hats but I stand corrected. Their salad, fish tacos, and homemade cookies w jar of milk stood out. Delicious!Their cocktail menu is also very creative. Had a smoked whiskey skull container. The bar also makes their own syrups, some of them include cola and thyme. Need I saw more? Very, very impressive and creative place.Will definitely come here again!
5	Great mixology. These folks are so creative.  Smoking skull whiskey.Talk to Erick and Mercedes tell them what you like and they will hook you up with an awesome cocktail. I love bringing new people here.
2	ok but you can do much bettergood apps - mediocre entrees - fun menuoverpricedsort of a sad attempt to look steampunk but falls far sort of someplace like The Edison in LA
5	Beautiful staff, great service, exquisite drinks! Nothing compares to this bar! Say hi to Jason the mixologist while you are there. Him and his team make the best most creative drinks!
5	Eric the bartender is Brilliant !! The food like the chicken pot  pie balls are AMAZING!!
5	This place is awesome with a great atmosphere and Eric the bar manager definitely knows hospitality. If you are looking for unique drinks and great service it is a must.
4	A very cool vibe... I am not quite sure how I would explain it but it is very relaxed chill but not too casual.  I ordered that crazy smoked cola drink.  It is the coolest thing to watch how they make it.   My hubs had the milk and cookies.  The bartender was very cool and explained us all about the drink I had ordered and gave us a few other recommendations of things to try at the restaurant.  We only stopped for a drink (and cookies!!) but their presentations seem awesome... someone next to us ordered the coolest hummus plate I had ever seen. Plus I their food is outside the box when it comes to creativity.  I liked it. I wish we had more time to come back and try more of their stuff.  There is always our next trip!! :)
5	My wife and I had the occasion to trip into this place to cap off our night and did not regret it. We tried pretty much all the apps on the menu, and can say they were excellent. I thought the pot pie nuggets and tater-tots would be odd, but were both pulled off well. Pastrami sliders and bacon quail egg hors d'oeuvres were stylish and tasty. Rick came out later in the evening to mingle with the patrons (even though he was leaving in the morning for Vancouver), and sat to BS food with our group for much more than a minute. He even took my half drunk, untrained back-yard chef, joking and teasing with stride, and dished back a few of his own jabs. (Rick, you have my card. Hit me up and we will talk oysters again.) Great vibe. Great entertainment, and great way to end the evening out. Thanks again Rick.
3	I'm all for celebrity chef restaurants, and I gotta say, this one clearly showed the potential of "drop my jaw" awe! Sadly, this wasn't the case. We tried our best to "fall in love" with it, but their menu fell short of our expectations. At best, their appetizers and desserts were "off-the-charts" rocking it with taste and presentation. You must, must, MUST try the bacon-wrapped bacon n eggs! Everything tastes better with bacon, so how about a pork belly wrapped in bacon with a sunny-side quail egg to top it off? Excellent! For dessert, their Pie Americana, deconstructed apple pie made of fresh apple compote, with a puff pastry on the side, vanilla ice cream, and walnuts, was an absolute favorite! I think, by far, it's the best apple pie I've had in a while!Now for the hard part, reviews on their entrees. We had the Farm Raised Barramundi and the Pan Fried Game Hen & Waffles, a play on "chicken n waffles." The fish was just "okay," maybe because I'm not used to "farm-raised" fish of recent. But the green beans almandine with lemon brown butter made up for the lack of fresh taste from the fish. See? Our effort to "fall in love" with it... As for the game hen, wow! It really lacked some sort of seasoning...it needed salt, really. There was no taste. And their waffles were inconsistent, one waffle piece had more taste to it than the other piece. That was strange.Of course, the best part was their impeccable service. I loved their staff who patiently helped us. We were with our two children, not a typical family joint, so yes, we felt a little unnerved not wanting to disrupt the non-family patrons' dining experience along the way. The staff made us feel sooo welcome, waiting on us and our every need, and always concerning themselves with making sure we had a pleasurable dining experience with them.I always say that service trumps menu, this being the case at Rx Boiler Room. To the staff, THANK YOU. We love Rick Moonen's advocacy for sustainability in his culinary world of seafood. With that said, we're hoping this passion he has will run deep into oiling the cogs and gears of his comfort food menu here at the Boiler Room. We will definitely be coming back.
3	This was our first visit to this restaurant and am sorry to say it was a bit disappointing. Wine and whiskey selection was very goodService, while the young man that was our server was pleasant and wanted to please he really needed some additional training, needs to know the daily fish special and how dishes are prepared. I had the fish of the day (halibut) which was excellent complex layers of flavor. Also ordered the Brussel sprouts (several of us ordered this dish) whoever accepted that produce should have be held accountable for the poor quality of the produce. No amount of cooking could have improved these vegetables (we sent them back) the sprouts were tough and woody. While these were removed from our bill the chef then sent out grilled squid, it was okay but we had finished our meal and it was just okay. We ordered vegetables because we like them replacing with another protein didn't make since. Others in the group ordered buffalo burger Mac and cheese, veal cheeks. All of which were fine, nothing to get excited about. Maybe all of these are a reflection of Monday dinner service
5	Eric the bartender is an amazing mixologist.  Creative drinks mixed in a totally cool steampunk atmosphere. The price is decent too based on the high quality drinks you are receiving. Definitely try the smoked whiskey cola. I wish I had time for more drinks here but I will definitely be back on my next Vegas visit.
5	We were being girls who took too long to get ready and we has to push back our reservations TWO TIMES! No big deal...the hosts were super accommodating. We ordered so much food and it was all spectacular.Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets: I couldn't get enough. Lightly fried and delightful.Inside Out French Onion Grilled Cheese: last item to come out and we were super full but still yummy. A little on the rich side and may not order again.Bacon Wrapped Bacon n' Egg: pop one of these suckers in your mouth and you'll die happy.Fish Tacos: These were surprisingly small but a perfect one bite party in your mouth. The Taro root shell was exciting.Charcuterie board: you'll be treated to iberco jamon and it doesn't stop there; my favorite was the duck prosciutto. Moonen tater tots: Good, would probably pass next time but everyone else loved them.Dannie was an amazing and attentive server! Couldn't have asked for better.The service was impeccable and I would recommend Rx Boiler Room to everyone!
2	Service is great Javier was making our drinks.. Drinks are good. But I cant see my self coming here to eat or making it a regular spot.. I had the seafood sheaprds pie and my girlfriend had a chickin ceaser salad.All ridiculously over priced with medium protions..seems like your paying for the nice decor inside.Would just come back to have a drink and some chips with guacamole or the pot pie nuggets.
4	This place was pretty cool. The drinks were great as was the food. However, our server freakin' awesome. Freddi took care of us and was friendly as can be. Ask to be set in his section and I can assure you you'll enjoy your time.
5	Had a great dinner here with my husband when we were in Vegas for the weekend. If you like chicken pot pie you HAVE to try the chicken pot pie nuggets! They are amazing!
5	NOT TO BE MISSED! The best food at Mandalay and probably in the top 10 in Vegas. Our first visit was for happy hour, which is a must-do: half priced cocktails and select small plates. Happy hour was so good we returned for a full meal! The bacon-n-egg (sunny side up quail egg, tomato jam, slab bacon on brioche) is a flavor and texture explosion in your mouth. Holy yumminess! Other must tries are the fish tacos, in-house citrus smoked salmon, and onion soup grilled cheese. Everything we tried was so fresh and had the most amazing combination of flavors. Do not miss the cocktails - they even wheel a bar cart to your table and prepare them there! The wait staff are super attentive, the menu is eclectic and delicious, the interiors are really well done (steampunk design which compliments the food)..... not one bad thing to say. Ask for Andrew - he'll make sure you order all the best dishes!
3	The aesthetic of this place is really great and pretty much what drew my friends and I into it. The steampunk theme is great but the food and the service was so-so. In terms of food: We got the chicken pot pie nuggets which were alright, but they were oddly salty on the outside when the salt was needed on the inside. The bacon wrapped bacon and egg was really good and needed to be eaten in one bite to get the best experience of it, but we're slightly too big for that. My osso buco Greek style was AMAZING and just what I wanted. The Mac and cheese was also fantastic and I loved that they had a wheel macaroni which you just never see in restaurants. In terms of service: our waiter and some of the other staff were very attentive but a little socially awkward. We were also sitting next to a table that seemed to be ordering like ballers so they were being doted on and it was super obvious that they took precedent. It makes sense but it made our dinner feel a bit weird. In the end, I didn't have a bad time, but our dinner just felt really off. We just expected more. I don't think we'll come back but at the same time I wouldn't say NOT to go here. It was interesting to try.
3	I find myself getting rather jaded.  After trying this new restaurant and that new restaurant it is impossible not to notice the similarities and grow a little bored.  So many dishes show up the same on many different menus, so how can we fail to compare?My friend and I started with the inside out french onion grilled cheese and the chicken pot pie nuggets.  Both were pretty good.  The pot pie nuggets were very similar to the ones served at View Wine Bar.I was excited to see Niman Ranch skirt steak as an entree.  This is a cut of beef I really enjoy.  I asked what it was served with since there was no further description on the menu.  She said it had micro herbs, so I also got the side of asparagus.I was disappointed when my steak came drowned in sauce and wish the server had mentioned that.  I like skirt steak because of its flavor and thought they could have used a lighter hand with the sauce or it could have been under the steak.  It wasn't bad, it was just strong and used too judiciously.  *Pet peeve alert* When servers mess up the food description.  I won't bore you with details, but sorry, I don't think arugula is an herb. Don't BS me.The biggest disappointment was the dessert, probably the worst I have had in quite a while.  It was called Pie Americana and was pretty much put together as an apple crisp with a puff pastry twist as garnish.  Restaurant Sin: Putting a warm component (apple filling) in a cold dish.  How lazy can you be?  The apples were dry and the puff twist was stale.I was especially disappointed because I remember having an outstanding dessert at RM Seafood last year and thought the desserts would be done to a similar standard, if more casual.    I mean, apple desserts are not hard to make taste good.  Yikes!On a plus side, the decor is fantastic and service was very friendly even if there were some bumps with forgotten wine and such.
4	Enjoyed this restaurants decor and food. The chicken pot pie bites and bacon wrap bacon were delicious. Our server, Andrew recommended the bacon wrapped bacon and we are so glad we took him up ok it. We did order the inside out French onion soup grilled cheese which were just ok. I am a French onion soup snob and thought I could have pulled that one off better. Still good though. Entrees were good portions - the skirt steak was enough for two people in my opinion. Very tasty topped with a Korean glaze and micro greens. Wish I tried a specialty cocktail and left room for the cookies and milk!
5	As an avid Steampunk, I was longing to visit Rx Boiler Room because it has a Steampunk theme. I recently went there with my girlfriend and some friends, and we were definitely impressed with the outstanding food, excellent service, and of course, the cool decor. Time travelers would feel at home here.Even before entering this stylish restaurant, the retro-futuristic theme was evident. There's a really cool sculpture that stretches up the sides and over the top of the entrance. It's made of repurposed items like gears, tools, sewing machines, and old-school motorcycle seat pans. Inside Rx Boiler Room are many cool decorations including a plush Victorian room, a sweet Octopus wearing a metal helmet, and an apothacary wall filled with various vials of colored liquids. It was odd that we were the only patrons dressed in Steampunk finery, but we got lots of compliments from the staff as well as a 10% discount for dressing Steampunk.Our server was fantastic! Not only was he knowledgeable, but he also made us feel right at home and attended to our every need. Every suggestion he made, from tasty drinks to delicious dishes, was a hit. I started with the Pizzazzerac coctail with absinthe, bourbon, and Grand Marnier (it was delicious) and my girlfriend had the Gibroni-Negroni, which was also very good.We began our culinary tour with the Bacon-Wrapped Bacon-n-Egg. It's a delicious amuse-bouche that has bacon-wrapped pork belly and a quail egg on brioche toast. My girlfriend and I shared the Citrus-Braised Veal Cheeks for our entree, which was incredibly tender and extremely decadent! Our friends had the Lamb Osso Bucco and the Pan-Fried Game Hen and Waffles. The Osso Bucco was also tender and delicious, but the Game Hen and Waffles was my favorite entree! Instead of deep fried chicken, it features grilled chicken and perfectly cooked waffles with a citrus maple sauce that adds complexity and great flavor! We ended the meal with a deconstructed apple pie a la mode. I loved it because unlike most apple pies, it doesn't have large chunks of apples and there was plenty of crust and cinnamon crumble. We will definitely return to Rx Boiler Room the next time we're in Las Vegas!
4	Came here for dinner on a Wednesday night with a group of coworkers. I'm still in shock that this place was nearly empty at 8pm on a Wednesday. It was the best part of my visit to Mandalay (ok so was the pool, as is any pool... but this is besides the point).Their pinot noir rose is a must. It's freaking good - just take my word and try it. I made my table jealous with its deliciousness. The cheese plate was a great choice for sharing, and my chopped vegetable salad was superb. It was probably the best salad I've had in a year...that good. The chicken was different than I expected, on a leg with skin, but while unexpected it made the dish.Overall decor was very cool and very cozy. I'd certainly come here again.
2	This is my third experience at a Rick Moonen restaurant, and I must have had amnesia. Dang is thus place awful.Ok the wait staff is fairly HOT, and the door girls definitely are, which I guess is very necessary when the food is terrible.  Our waitress was cute, sweet, and buxom. Good combo for three guys on a business dinner.  Before you jump on me for being sexist, the restaurant dresses them this way, and it's Vegas after all.I thought that the food overall was inedible. My friend's local green falls appeared to have been picked on the freeway, but as couple weeks back.  My salad was drenched in a vile gorgonzola dressing. It was simply disgusting.You get the picture.The one item I can highly recommend is the 5 cheese plate, which was outstanding except that the cheeses were grocery store level and there wasn't enough bread.We left wondering what the new restaurant in this space will be, upon our 2015 Vegas trip.
4	My group of friends and I came here for a 5 p.m. reservation before a show at New York-New York on Friday, June 6.  The restaurant was quiet most of the time, as we were early, and staff were moving tables for an event later that evening, but there was not too much distraction or noise.The food was unique and interesting.  The chicken pot pie nuggets were delightful and everyone at our table enjoyed our drinks, especially the whiskey drink poured out of a skull.  I ordered the shellfish shepherd's pie, but found it to be rather bland for a $34 meal.  However, the rest of my party enjoyed their food immensely (especially the pan-fried hen and waffles).The true highlight of our meal, however, was our server Stephanie.  We frankly had some rotten restaurant service experience during our trip and were a little hesitant, but she set the bar.  She recommend great appetizers and drinks, checked on us regularly, had no problem splitting our bill when we asked at the start, and was sure to get us our final bill with plenty of time to get to our show (Zumanity).  Plus, she was extremely friendly and had a good sense of humor!  She has all the makings of a five-star server and any top restaurant on the Las Vegas Strip would be lucky to have her.
4	Great decor (dark and ornate, with a bit of a steampunk theme to it), brilliant cocktails, and extremely tasty food.Best tater tots in the southwest. Not that I've had too many upscale tots to compare them to. Nevertheless, they rocked my mouth-world. There was only one thing I didn't like about this place: the server tried to up-sell me a side dish, claiming that everything was a la carte; this was not at all accurate. My veal cheeks came with a perfect portion of potatoes and veggies. Maybe SOME entrees lacked sides, but mine was not one of them. Unless that server's primary ambition is to make the world a fatter place, I think he might be better suited to the sale of used cars.
5	It shouldn't be this easy to get a seat at a place with food this good.  Steampunk ambiance meets comfort food with a sartorial twist.  Telling all my DefCon ha)(or buddies to check it out the next time they come thru.Kale salad/Mac n cheese x 5
5	We shared many offerings and all were incredible. I loved the guacamole, French onion grilled cheese, pastrami sliders, duck lettuce wraps, and the seafood shepherd's pie.
5	Awesome meal...chef Brian and crew are putting up some seriously great food...the front of house staff are so courteous and attentive, Lauren and manager Emily are a burst of positive energy...the cocktails rival any in Las Vegas!!!  Thank you for a great experience!!!
4	Located inside the Mandalay Bay across from the Minus 5 bar, Rx Boiler Room is a great place to have dinner or grab a quick drink.  I came here for restaurant week a few months ago with my boyfriend and a couple friends.  I dig it.  I can't quite remember what I had, but I think it was a chicken dish.  Obviously nothing to rave home about because I can barely remember what it was.  My friends got the skirt steak meal, which looked pretty good.  Loved their unique cocktails and desserts.  I got the milk and cookies which are served up fresh and hot on a slate with a little carafe of milk.  Adorable.  The ambiance is dark and kinda folk-artsy.  It's cute.  Think Burning Man but all foodied up lol... The service was great.  They gave pretty good suggestions with what to do for restaurant week.  I'd love to come by here again to check out the rest of the items on their menu.  Definitely one of Mandalay Bay's finer restaurant options.
4	Finally stopped in to Rx Boiler Room over the weekend. We had a gift certificate given to us by a friend so we went a little crazy. Here's a rundown:Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets - pretty good... Kacey loved them.. I enjoyed them. Decent flavor, great texture. 3.5/5Inside Out French Onion Grilled Cheese - pretty much same as above. I wasn't thrilled but enjoyed it. 3.5/5Bacon Wrapped Bacon & Egg - awesome!!!... my favorite plate of night. Got this off server recommendation and it did not disappoint. Very cool presentation... server recommended doing in one bite but was a little big to do that.. tried.. and failed. LOL Still a fun dish and would order again and again. 5/5 Buffalo Burger - maybe it's me & my untrained palette but I did not like this at all. Probably the wrong thing to order looking back. Should have read the menu more. The flavors didn't go well for me and I ended up throwing half of this away. I'm sure there are people that love this but for me... meh. 1/518 Hour Citrus Braised Veal Cheeks - really, really tasty. Great flavor & cooked perfect. Worth $34? That can be debated... I don't have anything to base that price off of. Never ordered Braised Veal Cheeks before... would have like to see more meat at that price though. 4.5/5Cookies & Milk - ummmm... it's hard to go wrong when you are serving fresh, hot cookies. The chocolate chip were delicious but could have used few more chocolate chips. Outside of that it was great. 4.5/5Service was good, ambience is really cool... love the decor. This is another strip restaurant that I would love to frequent if it wasn't for the price. Great for tourists... not priced for your average local.
4	Went in to have a bite to eat for happy hour the guacamole dip is tasty and we are big fans of the chicken pot pie bites. Mercedes is an amazing asset to our experience everytime we come in she is friendly and always remembers us locals. Thanks
3	My friends were in town and after enjoying ourselves at Michael Jackson One, we decided to find a place that was closeby for dinner. I was stumped until I remembered RX Boiler Room. I have been to RM Seafood a few times and my visits have always been hit or miss, so I wasn't sure what to expect. My friend has a five year old and our server was great about it. She went out of her way to find my friend's daughter a paper and pen to keep her busy. We really appreciated everything she did to accommodate us. Service was incredible, I would rate it 5 stars for the service.As far as the food, it was solid, but nothing amazing. My mom and I decided to share the chicken pot pie nuggets and osso bucco with orzo. The nuggets were good and moist, but lacked any excitement. They had a good texture, but I had hoped for something more. The osso bucco was tasty and spicy and the lamb was fall off the bone and tasty. The dish had great kick. I tried some of their Mac n cheese and it was cheesy and delicious.None of the food blew me away but it was solid and reasonably priced for a strip restaurant. The restaurant has a cool vibe, although it was pretty empty when  we arrived on a Monday around 8:30pm. I'd come back again if I was in the area and needed a quick bite.
4	Super nice restaurant in Vegas.  I loved the motif of steam punk.  The servers wear great uniforms in the theme.  The drinks are very good, although pricey.  The food is pricey and small but its just a fun theme type restaurant.  We shared a bunch of appetizers and it was over $50 a person.
5	First time here, we were very impressed. Had the Inside Out French Onion Grilled Cheese Sandwich (small plate), the Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets and the Duck Lettuce Wraps. The food was prepared perfectly. Service was over the top amazing. Cozy decor, cool theme. Rick Moonen happened to be in the restaurant while we were there. Our awesome server brought him over to our table since he knew we were his fans. It made the experience even more wonderful. I cannot say enough good things  about this place!!
3	Items Selected:Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets - Peas n' CarrotsBacon Wrapped Bacon-n-Egg - Brioche, Tomato Jam, Sunny Side Quail EggCharcuterie Board - La Quercia Prosciutto, Jamon Iberico, Duck Prosciutto, Felino Salami, Grilled BreadMoonen Tater TotsMac + Cheese x Five - Pinwheel Pasta, Blue, Parmesan, Brie, Cheddar, BlancSquid-E-O's with Spicy Merguez Meatballs - Squid Ink Tomato Sauce, Calamari, Garlic Toast PointsPan Fried Game Hen and Waffles - Citrus Pepper Maple GlazePeking Duck Lettuce Wraps - Hoisin a l'Orange, Picked Onion, Cranberry, Pomegranate RelishPie Americana - Apple Compote, Puff Pastry, Vanilla Ice Cream, WalnutsCookies and Milk - Chocolate Chip and Oatmeal Raisin, Bottle of MilkIn a city built on risks, renovation, and occasionally ripping things down if only to rebuild it was to the nearly year-old Rx Boiler Room that myself and two friends turned for dinner on Saturday night and although widely acclaimed for its modernized mashup of comfort food and mixology our experience at Rick Moonen's rebranded former fine dining space proved a mixed one at best.  Self described as "Steampunk" with clever details such as a wall of poisons and potions juxtaposing dark woods, gears, and gloss as an alt-indie soundtrack played overhead it was just minutes after our 7:00pm reservation that we arrived at the shopping center space and quickly led to a table at the back it would not be long before the first of two servers arrived, the duo sharing a penchant for eavesdropping and interruption with shaky pacing and presentations equally prevalent throughout the night.  Obviously targeting a younger demographic than Moonen's stronghold of sustainable seafood downstairs it was in no shortage of creative cocktails to pair with the menu's imaginative bites that our decision process progressed and with friends browsing the Ipad for a quartet of $15 drinks while I curated the course of cuisine the meal that followed could best be described as "clever" - the drinks trending towards sweet while plates overall proved tasty despite being overcomplicated without any true benefit from the excess technique.  Starting with a trio of sharables before progressing to things more substantial it was with disappointing cured meats alongside the restaurant's pot pie nuggets and signature bacon n' eggs that our dining began and although both of the later would prove amusing, if not particularly great, the stars of the show would only arrive next - the rings of squid tender with a tinge of acid amidst spicy meatballs while the fowl featured impeccably crisp skin over roasted, juicy flesh.  Not particularly enthralled by the selection of sweets but wanting to give the pastry kitchen a fair shake it was finally in two American classics that we partook and with the deconstructed pie entirely underwhelming while the cookies would have taken actual effort to botch the bill was simply dropped off - the first time of the evening that our server was without an offhand or clever remark, though perhaps an appropriate pairing to the decidedly dull desserts.
4	Unique food, great service and loved the ambiance!! My husband had the shrimp pasta and some of the pasta was even died black with squid ink. They make their own pasta and everything was fresh! I loved the variety of the menu and watching the other dishes brought out made you want to return to try them out.
1	So I found RX Boiler Room here after looking around for somewhere to have a large dinner for my husbands 50th. I shot an email to website cause I knew we were having about 20 for a dinner and figured as per website that over 20 I should definitely make a reservation. Took about a week to get back , cause apparently the "large group/ special events director" had vacated the position. Which is no worries cause,I'm not looking for crazy service just a large table and to let them know they we are loud and tend drink  ALOT . ( Never bad for a restaurant) Got 2 calls within a day , and a weird email with a the "banquet/ special events menu" . Yes it is my hubby's birthday, but AGAIN looking to do dinner not a friggin wedding reception. And for another 2 WEEKS dragged along asking about possibility of a private room ( due to potential loudness and comfort of other clients) and being pushed towards having what only reminds me of picking my menu for my wedding . Come to 1 week before , and  after 5 days of NO response , here's the deal ... Dinner has been pushed 1.5 hrs later , But they will serve us in a private room , as long as we can guarantee we'll spend $1500. Needless to say , couldn't give a crap if the food is good. Customer service from get go is ABOMINABLE. save your $ there are to many people who know what the hell they are doing in Vegas.
4	I went to the Boiler Room to meet with a colleague for business and relax some after work. The atmosphere was wonderful, modern but classy with some nice touches such as the candle on the table. (See attached picture). I also loved the disco ball antelope heads in the wall. Made for a fun environment. My colleague ordered an iced tea and I had an old fashioned (see picture). Overall, the drinks were good, very large beverage menu to choose from (almost too large). My old fashioned was made with a lemon twist, was missing the cherry, and had wayyyyy too much ice (the small stuff that melts quickly) A little disappointing when pouring a premium bourbon.  As for the food,  we were impressed here. I started with the pastrami sliders (see attached) and my colleague had the fish tacos in the taro root shells. Both were very good, however, the tacos seemed small on their presentation taco rack (obviously made for much larger tacos). My sliders were delicious and the pickles tasted like they were made in house, delicious. For our entrees, I had the lamb osso bucco and it was fantastic. I would have liked to have a little more room on the plate to make eating it easier, but the seared orzo and osso bucco was amazing. I would absolutely recommend. Many places over cook this until it is overly falling apart. Here it was done very well. My colleague had the barramundi and said it was very good. It looked to have a nice sear on it and he said the flavor was good. It looked a little dry to me, but he said it was good. For dessert, we actually skipped this course because they didn't really seem to be too imaginative or creative. The service was great. The waiter placed out napkins, the staff were quick with refills, and they did an excellent job of describing the items when dropped. My only suggestion to management is make sure the staff know the alcohols offered or can sell the drinks better than simply dropping the iPad menu. Our server asked if we would like a cocktail and I told her I wanted an old fashioned and she asked me what kind of bourbon I wanted and she couldn't give me a recommendation. Overall, I will be coming back. Nice calm, relaxed environment, good food and reasonable prices for the strip. Glad I stumbled upon this place. Would be a great date spot.
4	Great dinner. A hipster joint that delivers great food. The smoked whiskey and the cookie and milk was a very nice touch.
5	Simply the best service I have had anywhere in Nevada. If you like a steam punk vibe and appreciate delicious food served in a beautiful setting, you should consider this spot in between Mandalay Bay and the Luxor.
3	This review was for Restaurant Week 2014. The items on the RW menu are also available on their regular menu. But for $50/person, you get a pre-fixed menu that benefits Three Square. I get to eat and I'm helping with charity! Wins all around. We made a reservation for 745 pm, but due to a hair malfunction on my part, we were running about 10 minutes late. We called them to make sure they could still seat us and they said everything was all good. We finally get to the restaurant and it wasn't busy at all. Probably about 4 other parties there. What annoyed me was that even with the place being empty, they sat us at this small ass table right next to another couple. For reals??? I know you are trying to rotate server sections, but come on! Right next to someone?? The whole time I was listening to the other couple's convo too!! I could have asked for another table but I didn't want to be a b*atch about it. Ok time for food. Whenever they brought your dish to the table, they explained the dish so you know what was in it. It was a nice touch but I just didn't feel like hearing it since I was so hungry. Apps:-Mini fish tacos: crispy taro shell with raw fish, salsa and a dab of guacamole. They were a one-bit taco. Good seasoning on the fish and the shell was crispy. -chips and guacamole: big, thin and crispy potato chips. I liked the chips a lot better than the guacamole. This was just ok.Main dishes:-Cornish game hen and waffles: two thin waffles held together by cheese. Sounds weird but it was really good with the honey glaze the dish was served with. The chicken was ok, but I wasn't fond of it being in the honey glaze. Chicken shouldn't be that sweet. -salmon and cous cous. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Flaky and moist and flavored nicely. The cous cous was amazing! Awesome seasoning and it came with pieces of octopus. Dessert:Peach cobbler with ice cream: I would say pass on this. Ice cream melted quickly so it was this big goopy mess-tiramisu with coffee ice cream: moist and not too sweet, just like tiramisu is supposed to taste.Like I said I was pretty annoyed that they sat us right next to someone else so it just put a whole damper on my dinner to begin with. Our server was nice, but I used to serve back in the day and it just felt plastic. It took forever for our desserts to arrive, so by the time they did come, I was pretty restless and wanted to just leave. They do have a rewards program for locals where you can save 10% for every visit just by giving your email. The food had it's high and low points, but overall, my experience here was just ok.
4	I liked the ambiance upstairs! The booths would be great for an intimate date. The food was mostly quite tasty. The standout feature of this restaurant was the service. The waitstaff was excellent, especially Brandon and Jack. Brandon was highly professional when we had a few problems with our meal. He handled the situations with total professionalism. I'd certainly consider eating at this restaurant if you are near Mandalay Bay.
5	Came here tonight with a friend. Our server was awesome. Nice and outgoing. He suggested bacon wrapped bacon to start. He couldn't have been more right. Great way to start the meal. Tried a few other small bites. First we tried the pot pie bites. Good flavor. Secondly we had the Mac n Cheese. Bomb. Best ever. It beat the pot pie bites by a long way. They weren't bad but this was awesome. We then had the hen and waffles. Waffles weren't great. Kind of bland but the hen was perfect. Sauce was flavorful. Well cooked and crispy. Loved all of it. We will be back!!
5	New, interesting and refreshing. Rx Boiler Room catches and keeps your interest from the aesthetically pleasing decor to the last lick of your dessert spoon (because trust me, you will stay for dessert- and this is coming from someone who never gets dinner, drinks and dessert all at the same place.)-----SERVICE: -I wouldn't have had this unforgettable experience if it weren't for ANDREW. Seriously, I'm not kidding, best customer service I received in my life. Welcoming, patient and attentive, this man also has a palate for delicious food. Everything he recommended,  my friend and I devoured (in hopefully the most ladylike way possible.)-There are several people who always checked on us to see if we were okay without making us feel rushed or stuffy.-My glass of water was ALWAYS full no matter how much I drank. They're ninjas; they manage to fill it up without me looking. -Everything was paced well from seating to serving. Timing is everything. Rx Boiler Room has timing. Therefore, Rx Boiler Room is everything.  FOOD:Everything ranges from savory to sweet with a hint of spice. Literally, I have never tasted anything of such a combination of flavors. Other restaurants are "too little" or "too much" of something. Rx Boiler Room is on point. Purely delectable.-Rx Fish Tacos in Taro Root Shells(Crunchy taro root tacos filled with a fresh ceviche-like stuffing with a slight grapefruit sweetness.)-Peking Duck Lettuce Wraps(Warm and juicy, this duck is the best I've had. The lettuce gives a nice coolness to it and the plum sauce sweetens it just a tad.)-Mahalo Matcha Panna Cotta (A delicious fusion of Hawaiian, Japanese, Spanish, and Italian flavors, this dessert is absolutely divine. Consists of a sorbet, cookie and flan... just eat it. It's not as crazy sweet as it sounds but it keeps you coming back for more.)DRINKS:-Luna RossaMy favorite drink in Vegas. Just. Drink. It.INTERIOR:-Clean-Inviting and warm ambience -Fun, quirky, yet, classy steam punk theme-----Love at first sight. And I fell even harder when I tasted the food. I'm so cheesy... but I will be back!Too bad you guys don't have a location in LA!
5	You should go here.  You should eat anything and everything you can get your hands on.  I recommend the Duck wraps and the house made pickles.  The "water guy" is amazing.  And the service is impeccable.
4	I love this place.  I loved it more when the front was still set up as a lounge because it was nice for hanging out and chatting with friends, but I can't really fault the business logic behind converting it to dining tables. The Mac and Cheese is awesome, the Bacon Wrapped Bacon N Egg is one of my favourite dishes in town, the cookies are amazing, the brussel sprouts are great.The bartenders are top notch.  Friendly, knowledgeable, constantly experimenting to bring the best mixes, they obviously love their job.  I've tried a number of their experiments as well as the special cocktails off the menu and they've all been good.Really I only have two complaints.  The southern friend game hen is now off the menu and the recipe for the Chicken Pot Pie bites keeps changing.  The first time I went over a year ago they were really good, the next time a few months later, not so much.  Still good, but not as good as they had been.  I told them they needed to go back to the old recipe.  The latest visit they were better but obviously still being experimented with.
5	This has become one of my favorite Las Vegas places for eats and cocktails. Chef Moonen has put together a stellar small plate menu and many amazing appetizers to choose from. The decor and drink selections are fantastic.
3	The place has a great appearance inside- steampunk. And the staff is dressed to match. The cocktails are awesome- I loved the Luna Rossa and it's made table side for extra flare. However, there was poor communication between the staff because someone approached the table every 30 seconds. It was overbearing. Then, even though the place was pretty empty, they sat people immediately next to us- I hate that. I had to get take out because of a change of plans. I recommend the pastrami sliders as a change of pace, the tiny fish tacos and the roasted Brussels sprouts. Do not get the asparagus, the Peking duck lettuce wraps. The host(guy) acted too formal and seemed like he was trying too hard. It was annoying.
2	My friends and I had a poor first experience at Rx Boiler Room last night. We arrived around 10:15pm looking for dinner. The restaurant was mostly empty except for a couple of bar patrons, 2 or 3 four tops and a party of 12 (or so) in the back. We were a party of 7, and it took the hostess a few minutes to figure out where to seat us.  The table selected needed to he cleaned so we waited a few minutes for that to happen. This was the first of several red flags for the night as it was over 5 minutes for the staff to clean and set the table After seating we ordered a round of drinks, water and some appetizers. The drinks arrived in 10 minutes, apps arrived in 15 minutes, and the waiter came around to get out dinner drink order. We had to ask for appetizer plates. Twice. Eventually they arrived. Another 10 minutes elapsed while the waiter informed a member if our party that her light beer wasn't available. Strange that they have Miller Lite and Bud Light but no Coors Light? Anyway, drink order was still incomplete as I was asked three times about which beer I had ordered (Innis and Gunn, off the menu). The food was decent. Not outstanding for the price, but acceptable. Approaching 45 minutes since our arrival, still no 2nd round and we hadn't ordered dinner. We made the decision to leave and a member of our party approached the manager.The manager apologized (ok) and then proceeded to claim no knowledge of a problem (hmm), blame us for not saying something sooner (not ok), and then had the temerity to ask us to give his restaurant another try. FAIL. Sorry, mate. The manager should know what's going on. When he sees apps on the table, menus still on the table, no app plates, no drinks and it's been a while... He should stop by and ask if we are ok.  Instead he didn't engage, and as a result he lost is as customers. And I'm sharing our poor experience with other Yelpers in hopes that you won't suffer as we did. Epilogue: We walked to another restaurant in Mandalay Place, arriving a few minutes after 11. Within minutes we were seated, our drink order was promptly filled and food was quickly served. We finished, happily full, at 11:45.  Rx Boiler Room, take that as a lesson on how to serve customers.
4	This place has s really cool vibe. Great service! The drinks are great! The food is a fresh take on comfort food. We had the chicken pot pie and french onion inside out sandwich for apps. We shared the Hen and waffles and the shellfish Shepard's pie! The desert was interesting but good! I would recommend coming here before or after a show at Mandalay Bay. We are about to see Aziz Ansari
5	Our meal was unique and delicious. All our courses and drinks were unique creations that definitely could not be attempted at home. Freddy was an excellent server and his recommendations made the meal perfect. We would recommend Rx Boiler Room to anyone!
5	We're back the very next night! Our beautiful server is Julie. We HAD to have smoked whisky again with those DTF surf and turf sliders. We also tried the bacon wrapped bacon - YUM!
2	Time Travelers Tea ~30$Strawberry Switchblade ~15$Steampunk? Uh, I have more steampunk going on in my bathroom than this place does in it's entirety. The decor here was quickly slapped together with cheap materials.  Some brilliant designer said (I'm sure) to RM "let's do a steampunk theme!" {Fantastic!}, I'm sure he replied with the gusto that all "celebrity" chefs possess. So then said designer takes RM's money and goes to the equivalent of a steampunk Ikea catalogue and orders a bunch of rubbish in one fell swoop. The result? Half-assedness.Gears and machinery are, last I checked, typically metal. Not here, from what I saw it was mostly wood...and cheap at that. You can't fake wood to look like actual metal. Look up at the ceiling, through your monocle, you'll see what I'm talking about. Glance above the entranceway, past your period-correct mustache, at the scaffold-like display you walk under; it's laughable.  If you're going to go this route with this type of theme you aught to do it correctly or risk being labeled a poser, poseur's. Oh, they have fancy concoctions; you may have heard them referred to as craft cocktails, pricey ones at that...I alluded to this above, prior to my design rant. For 45$ those two drinks should kick ass, take names and smack me in my mouth so hard that my roustabout stovepipe hat falls to the floor faster than one can say Penny-farthing. But, they did not. Service: Have you had fantastic service from a newb at Applebee's? Then you'd be impressed. I was not.
1	Very disappointed with my visit. My fish was undercooked, so they told me they would send out an appetizer to make up for it. As we were already finished with our entrees, I said no thanks. They then proceeded to tell me that they were sending out some bacon wrapped quail eggs. I proceeded to tell him that I do not eat pork (moral and health reasons) and to please send a dessert instead of an appetizer as we were all finished. They then proceeded to send the bacon wrapped item that I could not eat (even though I was the only one still moderately hungry). Worst service recovery ever. It would have been better for them to either wave the meal or even just say sorry.
5	I'm always a little iffy about trying new things and a steampunk themed restaurant is new to me. Thank god I got out of my comfort zone and gave it a shot. Service from the time I got there till the time I left was amazing. My water glass was always full no matter how much I drank, oh and just as a flare they do cocktails table side (mind blown). I started with the bacon wrapped bacon which I'm a huge bacon fan and finished almost as soon as it was on the table, for a main course I got the lamb and it fell off the bone. They serve it with a spoon. I finished with the cookies and milk just like mom use to make.I don't write many reviews but for RX Boiler Room I had to make an exception. Mr. Moonen u hit a home run. I would encourage anyone who has not been there to try it. You won't be disappointed
4	A good way to know that one is old is to sit down at the steampunk themed restaurant in vegas and watch your wife whip out the iphone flashlight in order to read the menu. I guess it's a little bit of redemption when the waiter brings her a small flashlight so that she can save her battery. This place has great cocktails, good food and attentive service, so don't let the theme put you off. The luna rossa is an awesome cocktail - made tableside for two which is a treat. Chicken pot pie croquettes are awesome - but very hot inside so do not just pop them into the mouth!Charchuterie board was very good with nice selections. Entrees lost a bit of steam - oh boy that's a funny pun - but generally held up. This place would potentially more enjoyable if it was totally stripped down of its silly theme so that the food and drinks could be the focus - but "Vegas baby!"Kudos to our waiter Derek for making it a nice evening.Our bill with tip was around $125, which was a refreshing break from the quadruple dollar sign steak house clones that dot the landscape in Vegas.
3	Different deco, - very special and unique. Friendly service and ok good food. It was just a bit difficult to figure out the menu, the dishes were, like the deco, special and unique :-) I had the burger and they did not say that it was goat's cheese that they used. Other than that, I think it is nicer when you go there for drinks and food, since they had a great assortment of alcohol.
5	Had a smoke infused whiskey and french onion grilled cheese. Everything was outstanding. Bartender James was great.
3	Been there 3 times and the food is good.The bar staff sucks - just a bunch of lazy kids
2	A friend had recommended this place so we thought we would try it.  We went there with a party of 5 and were seated pretty much right away.  Loved the decor, the old dark wood with the fluffy couches and chairs.  We thought we were in for a treat.  The wine list came on an iPad, but there was not a lot of information about the wines.  We finally settled on a Cabernet and asked for a decanter.  That was when we got a blank look from the server.  She must have asked the manager because he came to our table and said "We have a decanter, we just have to find it".  Ok,  Im willing to concede that maybe this place doesn't usually serve wine that needs to be decanted very often.  Our server was mostly non existent for most of the night.  That was surprising because the place was mostly empty.   The appetizers were good,  we had the bacon w/ quail eggs, pot pie chicken nuggets and guacamole. Everyone at the table thought the appetizers were great.  Several of us ordered the filet, mostly cooked medium to medium rare, all 3 were cooked well done.   This happens, I know, you can always send it back.  But when your are paying $42 for a filet alone, you expect them to at least cook it right.  There was absolutely no flavor to the filets at all.  We ordered some sides and they were disappointing.  The Brussel Sprouts had some sour aftertaste that had nothing to do with Brussel Sprouts, the Asparagus was completely bland.  For a restaurant  that has prices like these, the food should be better.  I would highly recommend folks to skip this place.  There are much better places in Vegas for the same price or less with better food.
5	Different! That's the way I would describe it. But different in a good way. We only stopped in for a nightcap, but could see that it is a fun place, with a different vibe. We enjoyed the staff and the drinks. I had a smoked Jack and Coke. Yummy. It came in a glass skull. Really cool.
4	Dinner Out w/ Friends!Sat in the back near the stage, and was very pleasantly surprised the live music was NOT blaringly loud.Loved the music with dinner.  Our friends were impressed that we took them to such a nice place.  (We hadn't been there before so we touted it as a nice, steampunk bar.  Little did we know that it's really a restaurant WITH a bar.)Everything we ordered was Fantastic! -We shared the mac n cheese.  It was creamy and cheesy.  It was good, but not knock-your-socks-off good.-The Mezza Platter was excellent! The taramasalata was phenomenal.  Don't think... Don't ask... just try it. Be adventurous. (if you're not allergic to fish)-I had the Chopped Vegetable & Organic Greens with Shrimp.  I'm actually craving this salad right now as I write.  Simple, fresh and oh-so-yummy.-Husband had the salmon special... tender and flavorful.-Friends had the pastrami sliders, buffalo burger and inside out French onion grilled cheese... all of which looked amazing.... and they said it was too.Service was spot-on.  They were there when we needed them as if they knew somehow.  Otherwise, they left us alone to enjoy each other's company and the music.A gal came by before we were done eating to say there would be a magician later on, but we didn't stick around long enough to see that. (Next time.)Net, Net - - - Definitely be back!
4	Everything about this place (except my main course) was awesome. Atmosphere - Obviously, its decorated in quasi steampunk fashion- they didn't go overboard, so it feels more natural than sitting in an overly themed restaurant. It's a little dark inside, which is great. Combined with some recessed booths and curtains, it felt sort of like a speakeasy. After we ordered our apps, we noticed two musicians setting up some equipment behind us on the "stage" area. I was initially upset that we'd be sitting so close to live music, but was pleasantly surprised. One musician played a saxophone, and the other a guitar. They played very softly, and it just totally added to the ambiance of this place. Service - Our host, server, and server assistant were very nice, and attentive. A+ for them! Food - This place deserves nation recognition for successfully making chicken pot pie bites. Yes, you heard me right: CHICKEN. POT. PIE. BITES. Here I was, thinking mac and cheese bites were the pinnacle of comfort food-turned appetizer. Id come back here every day if I could. They somehow were able to get chicken, peas, carrots, and that signature chicken pot pie gravy into a bite sized miracle. They should team up with Trader Joe's. If all I got was the chicken pot pie bites, I would've given this place 5 stars. Unfortunately, I also got the chicken and waffles (Im a comfort food kinda guy, can you tell?). And now that I think of it, it wasn't even chicken, it was "game hen." It was honestly, bad. The waffle was the thinnest waffle ever. It was more like a pizzelle. By the time my meal got to me, the citrus/maple glaze made them pretty soggy. You also got what I believe was two breasts, and two wings. My own personal preference with chicken and waffles is a boneless breast (its easier to cut pieces of chicken without bone). It just ended up being difficult to eat... the logistics of cutting up boned chicken and waffle. And not for nothing, but traditional chicken would've been better on this dish (as would a traditional waffle). Entertainment - I am unsure if this is just a weekend thing or not, but we had a magician come over to our table while waiting for our apps to come out. Like the musicians, I immediately rolled my eyes. The magician performed maybe 4 card tricks, and was at our table for a little over 5 minutes. It was actually one of my favorite things about this place! He was friendly, funny, and did not stay at our table for long. Perfect for Vegas. I really enjoyed this place, and would highly recommend this place to future patrons. On top of good food (lets just forget about that chick and waffle incident), good atmosphere and service, the prices for everything were very reasonable (even cheap for Vegas).
5	Stopped in last night for some small plates after the C Angel show. Really enjoyed the spirits and the bites. Top-notch everything was great. Great job Rick
4	Surf & turf slider are really good! We had to order more. Pot pie balls were delish! But wAtch out there hot! (Temp)  tacos were tasty but small. Worth the trip
5	Great cocktail list - and fun, delicious menu! The chicken pot pie nuggets are a must - and give the sliders a try too! Best of all, they serve some of the world's best spirits - including St. George Gin and their B&E Bourbon. The Pizzazzerac is an amazing cocktail! Before you leave, order the cereal milkshake - you will thank me. And then you'll go back the next day and ask for it all again!
5	Was in Vegas this weekend and stayed at the Mandalay Bay.  Thought we would check out Rick Moonen's new hip goth restaurant.  Cool Industrial Gothic decorSuper friendly and nicely dressed wait staffMenu had some cool food choices, good size portions.We ordered RibEye, Kalbi flavored Skirt steak, seafood pasta, scallops, salmon (paella style seafood mix) (apologies for leaving out the fancy food descriptions)Prices were not cheap.Service was Great.  Chef came out to check on us.They had a great dessert selection - highly recommend their choco s'mores dessert, tiramisu and cookies.Would return again.Kids were impressed!Kudos to Rick and his team, better than my service and food at RM Seafood downstairs.
5	The filet mignon and short rib were fantastic.  Appetizers included cheese fondue and pot pie nuggets--amazing!  Our server, Freddie, quickly changed out one of our drinks when we weren't happy with it.  We were very happy!
5	Great meal, even better service. My wife and I came here before going to a concert and it was amazing. We had appetizers of the pot pie nuggets (gotta try!) and fondue. We then followed with the filet and the braised short rib which was fantastic. Finishing up the night we did cocktails. The smoked whiskey and coke comes in a crystal skull and a story to boot. We were not fans of the negroni, but we told our waiter "Freddy" that we didn't like it and he immediately replaced it no charge with a delicious barrel aged bourbon. Come check out the boiler room, you will not be disappointed!
3	Nice spot for appetizers and drinks. Great ambiance for a lounge type place. Not really a dinner spot unless you like weird mashups for dinner. If you're looking for a quick drink and nosh, this is your spot.
5	Wow.  One of the best seafood meals that I have had. Salmon meal is a must. The Brussel Sprouts were superb.  I eat out a lot and this place is not to be missed.
4	My wife and I went here for dinner and were very impressed. We just got appetizers and drinks. The food was amazing, the beer and wine list was great and the overall vibe was fun. I would defiantly go back next time we are in Vegas.
4	Fun interior, super staff and astoundingly quiet for vegas.  Food was well crafted and the bar staff prompt and well informed. a must go when in vegas; I would take clients there.
