4	Driving "home" after a long day of baseball and a movie, my husband and I noticed a miniature golf establishment and decided to go in to play a round.  CrackerJax was sort of like Scandia, but I don't remember there ever being bumber boats at Scandia...  They had a wide variety of activities from batting cages to mini go-karts for the little kiddies.  We played a round of mini golf and had a great time.  This place would be totally fun for families (there were many there) as well as the teen crowd...or in our case the 20-something crowd.  We paid $6 each for a round of mini golf...which I think is a good price...but don't have too much comparison.  If you don't mind a lot of screaming little kids, then this place is a blast.
4	This location is a good trek for us, so we've only been here once. First impression was, Whoa! Much bigger than some of the parks we'd been to. There were the usuall offerings-- miniature golf, go karts, bumper boats, batting cages, arcade, restaurant. They also had kiddie go-karts and bumber boats to keep those under the height requirements happy. There was a multi-level driving range and an 18-hole putting course.
4	This oversized playground makes for a great date night or not-sure-what-to-do-with-yourself-on-a-lazy-afternoon day. Mini golf, go carts, batting cages, a driving range . . . they pretty much have it all. I am a sucker for a good arcade game from time to time, so with all that combined this place has no choice but be pretty cool.
4	Done dates here.  Taken kids here.  Got into a fender bender here when my wet foot (dang bumper boats) slipped off of my brake while wearing my no-traction shoes.  Yea, that's just mentioned as a warning to the drivers - don't wait until the end to do the bumper boats.  Even if it is getting a little chilly. Or at least go dry your feet first.  Anyhow...It's a great place for dates, kids or just acting like kids with a bunch of friends.  We really like the mini-golf.  It's a decent course and there usually isn't too much of a crowd in the evenings.  On a weekend afternoon though - watch out.  Even in the heat folks will be out here on a regular basis. Absolute top though has to be the go karts.  No bumping is allowed -which kind of makes sense on this track as you actually go fairly fast.  While most of the cars are in good condition, at least someone in your group will normally complain that they had a bad car stating that is the only reason they weren't wiping the floor with all of us.  Whatever.  My go kart driving skills could kick their go kart driving skills any day.  Well, unless I had a big meal, or it was hot, or got a bad car....
3	I like to go to cracker jax  to play mini golf. The courses are really fun and you can get away with playing them as many times as you want. Cracker Jax also offers bumper boats, arcade games, go karts, a batting cage, and a driving range. It is not exactly my cup of tea anymore, but I do still enjoy the driving range, batting cage, and mini golf. Cracker Jax would make a great date or place to bring the little ones.
5	It's like most family fun places, but seems to have a lot more. It had miniature golf, batting cages, go karts, bumper boats, arcade games *and* sand/beach volleyball and a driving range. The best part? The automatic tees that come up with your ball and the fact the balls load themselves. No more carrying around a bucket for the truly lazy ;) Overall it seemed pretty clean as well.  I didn't eat there so I can't say much on the food.
4	During both spring training and the MSBL tournament, we usually come here. Either we are getting in shape for our season or SG is working something out during the tournament. Either way, we are at the batting cages at some point. We nearly never do anything else here, but there are lots of options. There are about 8 cages for batting. 3 of them have slow pitch softball, 1 fast pitch softball, and the rest varying speeds of baseball. I, of course, stick to the slow pitch. I typically hit around 80-100 pitches. They are $1.25 for 20 pitches. Pretty reasonable! So many places really jack up the price, but this place is fair. The pitching machines are pretty accurate. We really have not had any trouble with them. They can get crowded, but at least people cannot reserve a cage by time. The cages themselves are outdoor and you can hit and actually see where your ball goes. I love that part, it seems more real. I had when you hit in a box, you really have no concept of distance. I know its all about form, but end result goes a long way!We will just keep going back to this place. It is very convenient to where we stay in Scottsdale and maybe we will try something else there next time. They did have this great setup for kids with a waterballoon toss. Too fun! I am also a sucker for the race cars. It's on the to do list.
4	Yes, I survived March Break !  This place is something kids will like (not 4 moi though).  Tuesdays is a GR8 deal: wristband is $15 (i think it is $25 on other days).  This provides 4 hrs of playtime on bumber boats, go-karts, and all 3 of their mini-golf courses.  Pretty good deal  - I would not suggest going here in summer months at all - you will get heat-stroke!
2	With coupon this place isn't bad overall.  The go-carts are decent, if your child is tall enough to use them.  Bumper boats are decent too.The miniature golf courses are lame.  Several of them have underground tubes that trap your ball, and they don't have clearly indicated starting locations for where one is supposed to tee off.Arcade is quite small, and the snack bar has a rather limited menu.Only upside I can see is that it feels less likely that I'll be shot here than I would be over at Castles 'n Coasters.
1	This review is based on their mini-golf and that alone. Everything else looked pretty useless as well but the mini-golf was an absolute joke. They had 3 courses to choose from and all three were very poorly designed and run down like the place has been around for 20+ years. If you want a real mini-golf experience I suggest going to Castles and Coasters.
4	i came to visit the land of the sun this past weekend, and a friend of mine wanted to take me out for some good ol' fashioned miniature golfing saturday afternoon.i told my cousins about it, and they were like, "ohhh ur gonna go to castles & coasters... that place is ghetttoooooooo"so my friend picks me up, and i ask her if we're going to C&C ghetto amusement park factory, and shes like, "o no, we're going to crackerjax"...CRACKERJAX? what kind of name is that... sounds like some kind of demented funny town that that clown from twisted metal came from...but anyway, we get there, and im thoroughly impressed by the cleanliness & order of the place.  looking around, it appeared it had everything.  miniature golf!? go-karts!? batting cages? an arcade?! bumper boats!? ...even a BUNGEE DOME!!!!!!??? whoa whoa whoa! sugar rush!!ok so i was initially very impressed, to say the least.we get 2 unlimited mini golf bands (why i dont know) for a grand total of $24.00there were 3 courses to choose from, and we only did 1 1/2.  there was a course called "a-mazing golf course" or something, and there was "optical dillusion".we did the "a-mazing" course first.  i was surprised by the maze on the 3rd hole (not), and appreciated the strange centerpieces and odd recycled sculptures adorning the rest of the course.  i wish i could say the same thing about the "optical dillusion" course.  that course sucked.  nothing there diluted my optical perception at all.one other thing about the two courses: there was no small little dot thingy telling us where to put our balls to start the course!i mean, WHERE'S THE FREAKING DOT?anyway, a good time was had by all.  we ended the afternoon enjoying each other's company and the throwback watermelon & coke icee's they had in the food area.
4	A fun place to go! There aren't many mini golf courses around the area (at least that I know of) and while this place is a little dated, its still a great place to come.I always see people out at the driving range. The attractions are bit corny but still near and dear to the heart.I does need some TLC, but you can still have a ton of fun here. Check out their website cause they always have 2-for-1 coupons to print off.
3	I only use the driving range and can only comment on that.  The range is spacious and pleasant but there are only three left handed tee boxes on the main level and two of them crapped out the last time I was there.  Other than the difficulty of turning left onto Scottsdale road when you leave, the location is nice and I will be coming here often.
3	My friend took me to the driving range to hit some balls and I had a good time. It's been awhile since I did anything golf related, so I'm pretty sure I had bad technique on my swing. I did manage to hit a few balls around the 75-100 mark, but most were crappy. I did hit the roof above me a few times and luckily didn't hit anyone. hahaWhat I like best about this driving range is that the ball automatically pops up after you hit the ball.Three and half stars from me!
2	The worst mini-golf possibly ever created. You could build a better, more fun, and more challenging one in your driveway with some paper cups and the garden hose. However, the driving range is nice, the arcade acceptable, and the go karts are cool. I don't care about the volleyball courts, but they have some there if you want to play volleyball while watching the looks of disappointment on the children after they finish the five minute speed golfing.
2	This review is for the mini golf - and it's the worst mini golf I've ever been to. We paid $13 for 18 holes and played 36 in less than an hour. The first course was so bad - hardly lit, rocks everywhere, and lumpy, old AstroTurf. It was hard not to justify skipping the 18th hole and playing the next course. This one was a little better because you could actually see the holes, but still pathetic. I wouldn't go back unless they renovate the whole course!
2	We took our 4-year-old to a birthday party at CrackerJax this past weekend.  The arcade was full of fun games... but too bad many of them ate our tokens, played for only a few seconds before shutting off, or lacked necessary parts.  The two basketball games that we played were an absolute joke - one had 5 semi-flat balls, and the other one only had one large ball.  Who knows where the rest were!  We were definitely disappointed with the upkeep of their games.  If a main part of your business is the arcade, then it is pretty frustrating for a customer to waste 10% of their tokens on lousy, broken, poorly kept games. If you are going to CrackerJax, I would avoid the arcade and focus on the outdoor activities, instead.
3	CrackJax has been a Phoenix staple over the years and every time I visited Arizona growing up, I would always find my way to CrackerJax with each visit. From the go carts, to mini golf, the arcade and batting cages, there are options here that will provide visitors with hours of fun. So why the three stars you ask? Well...to be honest, poor little CrackerJax needs a face-lift in its old age. It's looking worn-out and tired from all the use over the years and the equipment is showing its age as well. This past weekend, I revisited my childhood by visiting CrackerJax for some driving range action. The driving range itself is great. The equipment works and I could spend hours there hitting golf balls that would hopefully make me somewhat of a golfer (which I am certainly not right now). On our way out, we passed by the batting cages and decided to take a shot at hitting a home-run. Well, sadly we didn't get a solid chance at the majors because the poor worn-out machines kept breaking and stalling on us! The staff came out several times and attempted to fix them, just for them to break again as soon as they left. When we told them they weren't working, they even questioned us and insinuated that we weren't operating them right. It wasn't until the machine blatantly broke in front of a staffer that they realized that yes, these poor little machines were on their last leg and not holding up so well. We ended up getting a couple rounds in and the staff was apologetic. Sadly though, this is a running theme with CrackerJax. I think this place is a great activity for kids of all ages, but I think they should start to think about keeping up with the growing city and renovate the prime real estate they have with better equipment. If they do, I'll be back and ready to spend rolls and rolls of quarters!
2	Two stars just for the fun of it...  but might be the dirtiest place I've seen...
5	Took my kids awhile ago and loved it!!
2	Took the kids here to play and honestly, I could have had as much fun at the local park with a Frisbee and some BBQ. The equipment seemed old and out dated and the driving range was falling apart. My father and I attempted to hit a couple of buckets and 6 machines were down forcing us to wait nearly half an hour to hit. The staff at the range needed to be better informed as to the availability of hitting stalls so that we would have been better served. Also, the putt putt course or Mini Golf for the enthusiast, is tattered and needs some attention. There were a lot of young kids (Teenagers) playing on the course acting recklessly and disrespectfully which was terrible for my FAMILY outing. There needs to be staff constantly roving the facility for trash and behavior issues. The only redeeming quality was the arcade and even that was a bit dated and expensive for the age and quality of the games. Oh, wait... the Churro's were really good that day so if you do happen to stop by for some reason be sure to try out the Churro's.
4	We had my daughters 9th birthday party here.  AMAZING!  Everyone (adults and kids) had a blast for less than $200.  Staff is pretty responsive and attentive too.
2	My first thought upon walking in:  I'm way too old to be here...but...where are the kids?  It's a Saturday night!  The arcade seemed a little dirty...there had to be better arcades nearby...Before we headed outside to play putt putt I stopped by the ladies room. Not the cleanest establishment I've visited, and the hand dryers must have been installed over fifteen years ago. Useless. Anyways, putt putt!  For a couple, $14.95 buys one round of mini golf. Not bad. There are three courses to choose from, each with it's own theme. We opted for the "desert" course (sorta western themed).  The course itself could use a facelift. The greens are very worn and rippled in places.  There are gashes and dents throughout the course too.  I guess I'm not quite used to the climate here in Arizona...I was disturbed by the number of cockroaches teeming the holes.  It wasn't so ladylike to shriek in front of my date as gigantic cockroaches darted in every direction...some taking flight...destination: my hair. I know the course is outside, but REALLY?!  Can't the greens be treated?Aside from the bug problem, it really was quite fun.  Keep in mind there are many other attractions:  go-carts, water bumpers, batting cages, "bungee jumping," a driving range...I'll keep this place in mind next time I'm bored on a weekend...although maybe not a sweltering summer day...
3	Took my nephew here the other night for some fun.  It was ok at best.  The place is very outdated and the arcade was kinda dirty.  This place needs to do some improvements.  Could be fun but, everywhere you look there is problems.  The putt putt range had rips and tears everywhere in the greens.  Who owns this place?  Time for an update.  The go carts were fun though.  We also hit the batting cages.  The helmets were probably 10 years old but hitting the balls was a good time.  If they make some improvements we will definetely be going back.
5	OMG this place is SO MUCH FUN! We came here for a round of mini-golf and we all had such a great time.We chose the optical illusion course and it was definitely challenging but all in all so much fun. Next time, I want to try the bungee bounce and go to the batting cages.This is such a fun place to bring the family, friends or a date!
2	The driving range is nice, however the remainder of the grounds needs a little updating. Prices are affordable.
3	My friends and I come here to use the batting cages. They are pretty run down, the helmets are borderline nasty and the bats are pretty beat up but the price is dang cheap. $1.50 for 18 balls, no cost for rentals. Not a bad spot to spend an hour or two killing time and hitting balls!
1	Mini golf review: course in bad condition - sunken greens, torn and worn astroturf, gravel on greens, beat up carpet. Pretty crappy. Bathrooms disgusting. There must be something better in area!
2	First time here w/ our 10 y.o. son. He enjoyed the minigolf, we were disappointed on how run down everything was/looked. We wont be back, except to use the go-cart track.
1	Really bad experience.  We prepaid for several batting cage TIS and were told that we could use some the next day if we needed to.  My 9 year old was hit by a wild pitch and we left.  We returned the next day in spite of the mishap and were told by Jason that we could not use our Prepaid tickets from the day before.Their operations director was not available to,speak to me...Sharee Swander.The place is very run down, many of the games don't work and the overall environment is very dirty so bring your gloves to keep away from the germs.We also learned that someone had been seriously burned at the go kart track.Ugh!
4	Driving range review:Hahahaha.....every time I come here there are at least 5 broken tee machines.  Luckily it hasn't been too crowded, so moving to a working machine hasn't been a problem.  The staff in the pro shop is very friendly and helpful.  I kind of wish there was an option to tee off of real grass...... Anyway, this is great for beginners to advanced golfers.  I like the way I see people with very different skill levels there-- it makes beginners feel welcome and less embarrassed.
5	Um...FUN!!! And affordable! Took my 4 year old nephew here, to ride the "fast race cars" and he loved it! The go cart track is fun as can be, and the 2 person go carts even had a second "steering wheel" that he could pretend to use (other go carts don't always have the second wheel, and he is very serious about steering). Anywhoo, we also did the bumper boats, and those were just as damn fun! Wait times in line were nil, and prices are cheap. I highly recommend this place! Can't wait to go again.
1	We played 2 of the mini golf courses.  Both were in terrible shape.  In my opinion they should close until they spend some money on the courses.  One hole had a dirt hole dug in it about6 inches wide 4 inches deep!
5	I love CrackerJax, because it is super fun! I had a strong desire to go to some batting cages, because for some reason, I used to go a lot as a kid when I was living in AZ. Plus, why wouldn't you like it? Or maybe I'm just weird. But, from not even handling a bat in almost 10 years, I wasn't half bad! I apparently was so good, that this little 5 yr old boy started watching me, called his Dad over to watch, told me how impressed he was, and then gave me a high five. Um awesome? Definitely the highlight of the evening. It's kind of sad that I felt so happy about a little kid giving me a high five, but hey, it was pretty cool. We also decided to do the bumper boats, and the go karts. My bf got my Mom and her bf to do the go karts with us, which she wouldn't usually do. Super fun! I was scared to do it, since I haven't even driven a car in 6 years, but it was soooo much fun! We ended up doing it 4 more times.
2	This place has the LAMEST mini-golf course I've ever seen.  Maybe it was nice in 1971, but they haven't updated it since.  I haven't really checked out the rest of their offerings, but if they are anything like the mini-golf, I'll pass.
2	So disappointed! We went to CrackerJax last night to play mini golf & go-kart and it was such a waste of money. We paid $6.50/each for 18 holes on the most horrendous mini golf course I've ever played. The greens have permanent marker on them to indicate where you should place your ball, they're cracked, bubbled, and essentially all flat on the desert course - aka boring. We tried the maze course & it was equally disappointing. Trash everywhere, no running water in the waterfalls, leaves everywhere, just gross. We went go-karting after. My car sounded like it was going to fall apart. You go around 4-5 times & you're done. It's nothing amazing. No plans on returning until it gets a complete face lift!
5	I have a driving range obsession.  The two floor range is amazing, not to mention the bottom floor automatically replaces the ball after you hit it! I always come here on a day off!
3	A tad beaten and in need of repair, but the kids had fun.  Miniature golf; go-karts; video/game arcade - were what we tried.  It is reasonably priced but again I warn you it does need a serious renovation.
4	Congratulations, you have a date!   Now what?!   I suggest Crackerjax driving range for a date night activity on the town.   Grab your wood (get your head out of the gutter, people!) and nine iron and head on over.  It'll be worth the drive. (pun not intended..hehe)Get a bucket of 100 balls and split it with your special someone.   Get a little cozy giving him or her a golf lesson - think arms wrapped around your date, "helping" align a swing.    And - here's a hint for the non-golfers who want to impress your date - you can arrange for a golf lesson in advance so you can wow your special someone with your smooth, powerful drive.   Have fun!
3	Beat up mini golf course
4	I have not seen the whole park, only the driving range. I love coming here to hit balls when I'm in town. I have never encountered a problem here, just good clean golfing fun.
4	Driving range rocks
5	My family had an awesome afternoon riding the go-carts over and over with the four hour pass. But the best part was the staff, who helped us find our keys which we had lost in the go-carts. The manager Dawn Rae had her crew spend an hour searching the under carriage of 20 cars and eventually found our keys. She went above and beyond and saved us so much money & stress and salvaged our vacation.  Thank you!
5	CrackerJax is great for kids; big and small.  My son and I started off in the Batting Cages where you have a range of cages to chose from: 35mph to 70mph.  We were visiting the area to attend SF Giants spring training so we used their bats and helmets.  Not the best equipment but did the job.  $1.50 for 18 balls is a great deal from where we are from so we had no complaints.  Next, we were off to the go-karts.  Another tremendous value.  They have armbands you can purchase for unlimited rides of the go-karts, bumper boats and mini-golf for $25 (weekends) but we settled on the $6.50 single ride ticket.  They give you about 10 minutes of unbridled go-kart fun.  The arcade does have older style arcade games but we didn't have any problems with the basketball game, skeeball, football game or the jump rope game that kept us busy for an hour until we left for lunch.  We didn't have time to walk over to the golf driving range otherwise we'd probably could have easily spent another hour or two at the facility.  They have something for everyone.
1	Wow, this place has really gone downhill. This used to be a well maintained, fun place to go when I was in high school. We revisited last week and it was a totally different experience.Batting cages were fun, nets over the cages were torn, so hopefully you're not parked on the other side of them! $1.50 for 18 pitches. Driving range looked like it was in decent condition, but we didn't partake.Now come the negatives--the mini-golf course was a joke. Holes in fake boulders, missing turf, cement lumps, no water, no decorations, no nothin! Horrible! By about hole 5, we were over it and were trying to find our way off the course. We go back to the window, to see if we can do something to make up for the crappiness that was just experienced. Manager comes to the window and has a horrendous attitude! Seriously, we didn't ask for refunds, we asked if we could do something else, to make up for the shoddy course. Not even an option, he was rude and demanded receipts and cards--refunds given (and appreciated).Bathrooms were also pretty disgusting. Certainly won't be going back.
3	CrackerJax is ok...but could be better.  It got my kids off the electronics, but the appearance/condition of some of the "attractions" (sorry, former Disney cast member here!) were less than desirable...  The mini golf turf needs some replacing - lots of bald spots.  Bumper boats need refreshing - most of the designs had faded off.I'll let you in on a secret...if you have Chuck E. Cheese tokens (if you have kids, you DEFINITELY have these in your pile of change), bring 'em here.  Their arcade games accept them!  And the token machine dispenses them, too!
3	Since this part of town is so ritzy, I was surprised that CrackerJax wasn't the Taj Mahal of AZ mini golf and go carts. Despite showing signs of its age, we had a good time here, for a reasonable price, especially for North Scottsdale.We started with the go-carts. They offer two-seaters and individual carts. The two-seaters are meant more for kids and their parents, since the passenger seat is very tiny. The track was pretty fun to race around, although our cart had some engine issues (It would sputter, then decide to work again and we'd get a burst of speed, then slow down and sputter again...). Getting bumped by another car can easily put your car out of commission since there is no way to drive in reverse on the car if you get turned around. The attendants are always very watchful though and will help you out in a bind.We also played a round of mini-golf. There are 2-3 different courses to choose from. We chose the "Optical Delusion" course, which consisted of 18 short holes with various slopes and tricky corners built into them. Compared to say, Golfland, the courses were old, showing signs of age with scuffed greens. They are also pretty basic. While at Golfland you can putt through moving obstacles, so that timing is key, the holes at CrackerJax are very basic, just green, slopes, and the hole (And maybe an occasional decoration). After the first few holes, the courses seemed to get monotonous, since there is very little background variation between the different holes.The mini golf course can get especially long if you are playing with a large group. It felt like forever going through 18 holes of mini golf with 6 people!Other attractions that we did not try include a bungy dome, bumper boats, driving range, a water balloon game, batting cages, volleyball courts, and a limited selection of arcade games. We did try out a few arcade games, and got around 60 tickets after spending a few dollars on a "Whack an alligator" (The reptilian version of Whack a Mole) game and this weird bee-catching game. The prize selection here is pretty dismal though, and we walked out with 3 army men at 20 tickets each. In general, we had a good time, and while the quality of the attractions is probably not the best, there's a lot of attractions in general to keep you occupied for hours!
3	Not bad. I'm tall (6'2") so a lot of the balls were coming in on my lower shins. I had to get almost to the edge of the cage to be able to have balls in a decent area to hit. Not a bad value. I saw a lot of balls and hit a few so that was nice. The place isn't stunning but it gets the job done. It keeps me coming back.
3	fun and not to bad on price. We played a round of miniture golf and it was cool that they had 3 different courses. We only did one, but it was fun and an enjoyable day here at Cracker Jax
2	Mini-Golf and Driving Range. Neither were impressive. They need to do some serious repairs to both.
4	A really great place for friends and family with a variety of activities to do. Anywhere from go karting to mini golfing, they have a lot of fun activities for the children.
2	This place charges people full prices if they don't "mention" special offers listed on the website. For example, my friend and I were being charged $24 for two unlimited mini golf wristbands, instead of $12 based on the buy-one-get-one free offer this place currently has. The response we got from them is that they assume people are not looking for discounted prices. I mean, come on, who don't want to take the special offers? So, if you plan to visit this place in the future, remember to mention the special offers you intend to use when purchasing the tickets.
1	Well, I'd give no stars, however it won't let me.  No where on the website did it indicate a closure at 4 pm today, 12/12/12. When we arrived, an employee told us that they were closing on short notice, and then said the sign had been up for a week.As tourists visiting from out of town, I would expect a notification on the website.  I am disappointed ( my five year old sorely so) that we were unable to do go karts with him.My advice to the management: please post closures on your website.  There are five year olds that count on that information.  Thank you.
2	CrackerJax has undoubtedly seen better days. It's in a state of disrepair and keeps getting worse. The wear and tear is out of hand and I don't think anybody has any desire or motivation to fix it up. I shudder to think what it will look like in a few years. When a place has to hang a sign warning patrons to watch out for swarming bees, you know there's trouble ahead.The mini golf courses are okay but they are dilapidated (don't expect first class putt-putt here). They are technically still playable, but the ripped carpet, divots, chips and missing borders mean your golf ball will have a mind of its own. All three courses are pretty crappy but the Amaze one is the best of the three. The indoor arcade is a joke and the batting cages need some maintenance. At least the go-karts didn't break down while we were riding them!I really wish somebody would buy this place and fix it up, restoring it to some sort of awesome date night glory. Phoenix has such lovely weather and you're never to old to go putt some golf balls around on a mini golf course. This place deserves better!
2	Cracker Jax needs some fresh, new games. There are so many broken games, the kids get frustrated. Time for an investment!
3	We just went over to hit golf balls because this place is suppose to have an all automated driving range which of course is not true. Only 15 of the 65 or so slots are automated and most of those are usually full. Another negative is charging us to rent golf clubs to hit balls - $4 for a wood and $2 for an Iron. I know this is North Scottsdale, but stop being cheap and elitist and just lend us a club for free like every other driving range. The prices are $6 for about 50 balls and it was kind of cool to hit the balls from the upper deck, although I still stink at this sport. Rest of the place looks ok and batting cages will be next someday soon.
4	Nice facility to practice on the driving range! I enjoyed that a lot. The mini golf course was so so (at least the one we played on the far right). Small arcade but they have fun new games (including fruit ninja and deal or no deal) I will definitely be back regularly to practice on the range.
3	First time going to Cracker Jax. It's not the best place to go for fun but it's something to do I guess. I enjoyed the batting cage, dismissing the fact that the cage I was in ran out of balls TWICE! An employee made up for that by letting me run some free games though. So I'll let that slide. Oh! All the employees here are so nice, that makes all the difference.
3	Let me start by saying you can have a blast here.  Bottom line: there's a lot to do, but most of the place is pretty run-down.  COST:I came here with my husband and his stepson (age 20) and we bought an unlimited 4-hour package, for $15 each ($20 Mon-Fri, plus their website has a coupon for another $5 off).  We truly had a fun-filled 4-plus hours, and there were many things we didn't have time to do.ATTRACTIONS:We played mini-golf on all of their courses (three), rode go-karts four times, went on the bumper boats (where some cruel child pushed me under the waterfall - don't carry anything you can't get wet), and even had soft pretzels at their cafe.  CrackerJax also has a medium-sized arcade and offers laser tag.  There's bungy dome, a driving range for adults, batting cages, and a really nice sand volleyball court.     MINI-GOLF:We have all been to other mini golf courses and had to agree that, although this place has three, they're all painfully simple and boring.  Most of the holes are just a green with a hole on the opposite end of the tee (which is just a paint mark - in my experience, there ought to be a rubber thing with divets for three balls), and the course is totally devoid of fun obstacles like windmills, etc.  At other golf courses, we've seen maybe one or two totally simple holes like that, and the rest are all far more interesting.  The Optical Delusion course was by far the best, but fell far short of interesting.  GO-KARTS: The Go-Karts are great fun!!  It's a nice, long course and you stay out for about five minutes.  They have one-seaters and two-seaters, and different height requirements for passengers (so littler guys can ride with parents). Two complaints: they seem to have just as many cars out of commission as working, which made the wait times significantly longer (we were there on a Monday afternoon - this would have taken a TON of time on a weekend with bigger crowds), and several of the carts aren't quite 100% functional (basically, it's possible to get a really slow one).  The teenagers running the ride also sent a girl out in a cart that didn't work properly (they knew this beforehand because they were trying to fix it) and it broke down and had to be pushed back in.BUMPER BOATS:The bumper boats are a lot of fun, and the pool is very pretty, but once again, several boats were just sitting there, broken, making the lines longer.  CAFE:The cafe is super run-down.  The pretzels were good enough, but it looked like the place was right out of the '90s.Overall, CrackerJax seems to be doing a lot of things, but none of them super well.  It's a great place to take kids (of all ages) for a variety of entertainment, but keep your expectations a bit low.
2	The mini putt here is not so great.  None of the water features are filled. The greens and scenery are pretty run down too. I liked that it was open late. If you want someplace a little more entertaining try the castles & coasters Northwest of here.
3	Came by over the weekend to hit a bucket of balls. The mats were getting pretty worn out. The mats near the pro shop looked decent, but the further you went, they were pretty beat up. Not all of the mats had the rubber tees. Just needed to be cleaned up and maintained.
4	Yes, it's a bit old, but not really run down. There are aw things that could be fixed and or updated, but nothing that would take away from the fun. The food court is inexpensive and tastes great. I do wish the would fix the water features in the mini golf, and the slide there as well. Also the seats on the bumper boats get burning hot so be careful. Overall I will go back, Tuesdays are only $15 for four hours, great deal.
5	My boyfriend and I came here on a Thursday night around 8:30 PM for a spur-of-the-moment date night and I couldn't have been more impressed. The prices were very reasonable, and the entire place was a lot of fun! We paid for the Unlimited Wristbands (which you can get a coupon for making them $15 ea) which gives you unlimited access to the bumper boats, mini golf, and racetrack for four hours. We were there for only 1.5 hours until the park closed and we made our money back x2 considering the prices for each of the attractions alone. We went around the racetrack I believe 5 or 6 times, played an entire 18 holes of mini golf, and went on the bumper boats. Overall, we had a great time and we will be back!
5	Our kids love this place. They both had birthday parties here and the kids had a blast. I thought the parties were reasonable priced. Go karts for big and smaller kids, miniature golf, batting cages, bumper boats, arcades are just some of the things they offer.
2	This place has not been maintained.  There are ants all over the putt putt courses and they are tattered looking.  The bumper boats need to be restarted.  You would expect better for a business in north Scottsdale charging Scottsdale pricing.
1	This place needs a makeover!  Out of date and very dim golf at night.  Putt putt courses are lame....run down and needs upkeep.
5	Came in with a friend one Tuesday. It was completely dead but we had the best time! As a person of the service industry I know how annoying it is to stay open and or entertain a few guests late night but the staff,  particularly a manager named Trevor was so accommodating and hospitable! He made sure we knew any of the rides and attractions were available to us and personally showed us to the bumper cars ect that we were interested in using. Since no other patrons were there he allowed us to spend as much time with the attractions as we wanted. The park itself is nothing spectacular, but it had everything you need for a good time. It was the overall experience and the people working there that made it so wonderful. Thank you Trevor and everyone working that Tuesday night!
2	I had high hopes for this place, but after spending a few hours there on a Sunday night, I will not be coming back or recommending this place to anyone.Where do I begin.  The arcade area is a little small and they have your average arcade games.  Nothing you should be excited about when you enter the building.  We planned on playing the mini golf course.  We paid for a deal that provided unlimited play for mini golf, bumper boats and go-kart racing.  The mini golf course was beat up.  It showed signs of age and almost all of the turf was worn out from the years of wear and tear.  Even the structures for the themes of each hole were falling apart.  It was just in really bad shape and it needed a full renovation.  We played the 18 holes and decided to see if the go-karts would add some flavor to this place, but we were wrong.  The karts are also aged and so is the track.  Everything is run by your typical teenager.  What a disappointment this place was.  We didn't try the bumper boats because it was too cold, but I can probably assume they were also in bad shape.  This place should either close it's doors for good or due a full remodel.  I feel like it was a waste of money and not worth my time.  It's a shame that this location is in North Scottsdale.  It doesn't live up to the expectations at all.
2	Really disappointed by the damage. Doesn't seemed to be kept up well.There was damage to a crawl through which could be SUPER dangerous. It looks like it was tapped off (and I remember it being tapped of last October when we were there) but it's not now. Plus the green is actually coming up on a few holes. See PicturesSeveral of the games in the arcade are beat up or completely broken.Service was great though just wish the facilities were kept up better. I don't think we'll be back.
4	Very fun! I love that they have 3 different 18 hole mini golf courses. It gives you options, and you can buy an all day pass for only $12 and you can leave and return. Besides the golf they have many other fun activities. Cj's grill, their restaurant has a lot of fresh cooked food, the chicken strips come steaming out of the fryer and their turkey sandwich is healthy and actually good! If you want to have a fun time, come to CrackerJax!
