5	This is the best place in Las Vegas for dim sum IMHO.  Four people can eat all they want for $20 -$30.  Even the staff is friendly!  Plenty of parking out front and it's usually full of Asians - a good sign.  I've checked out virtually all the other dim sum in Vegas and this is the best deal.  I have no connection to the restaurant.
3	On the quest to find decent dim sum in the desert, Orchids Garden was my next try.  They get major points for constantly having carts of food roll by.  The only problem was that the selection was to the minimum.  I would get all excited every time I see a cart, only to discover each lady had the same exact thing as the lady before her.  Bummer.  I give them major points for having Shanghai dumplings.  However, they were horrendous!  The skin was unusually thick and you'll never find me ordering that here again.  They also had the very special Shark Fin Dumpling Soup (Goon Tong Gow,  to fill with liquid, soup, dumpling) that you have to special order.  It comes with red vinegar and ginger slices for you to dump into the soup.  Yes, major props for having it, but it didn't taste that great either.  And instead of shark fin, they had glass noodles instead!Their standard shrimp dumplings and pork dumplings were decent.  Their chicken feet in black bean sauce was flavorful.  Their bean curd wrapped seafood thing was okay, some of it over steamed though.  The Chinese broccoli was slippery as heck and the shrimp rice noodle was decent too.The tricky thing was that as we hung out after we paid our bill, we noticed different stuff coming out!  I saw the Pineapple Bun and inquired if there was yellow egg custard in it, and the lady confirmed there was!  Since discovering this yummy bun only recently, I had to get some.  And it was oh so good, and piping hot too!  (It's the marriage of the Bolo Bao and the Nai Wong Bao!)  I only had the small egg custard tarts and this other fruit tart that I wouldn't usually see in a dim sum restaurant for dessert.  They did have the soft tofu, but the lady scooping it caught too much water in there, drowning out the syrupy taste.Overall, Orchids Garden was a decent place for dim sum on a Saturday morning.  It's a huge place with lots of Chinese (ethnic Chinese, as I could hear Cantonese being spoken everywhere) and non-Chinese customers dining here.  I like that you can see non-Chinese families dining here as it can often be intimidating at these huge dim sum operations.  And the prices were pretty decent too. With a party of four, it came out to about $65 total, and we definitely stuffed ourselves pretty good too.Until I find another place better, you'll find me here again.  The wait was minimal too. And there's parking in the back as well!Update: 01/03/07 - I've been back twice already since this review!  And it's not because the food is so fabulous, but I have yet to find a better one.  You can easily fit 14 people at a table with minimal wait too!  And their Pineapple Egg Custard buns are so worthy waiting for!  Get them while they are hot and take them all if you can!  They are THAT good.Update: 11/05/07 - Went back yesterday for dim sum.  Their chicken's feet was pretty good, and the deep fried calamari was a surprise hit too.  The BF really like the roasted pork that came with pickled veggies.  Their chive and shrimp dumpling is good when it's hot, and thank goodness the Shanghai dumplings never came out since I forgot our bad experience with it the first time!  The pineapple egg custard bun was present, but not quite as good when it's not piping hot.  So, only get it when it's hot hot hot!
3	so this time, i decided to go to another location for dim sum b/c of my recent experience at another restaurant.  its the only chinese- themed structured restaurant on sahara blvd and its HUGE.  right when i drove up to the parking lot, it was full, but luckily there was parking in the back.  inside, two rooms on the left and right were packed with people, a huge variety, and a major portion chinese (Cantonese)...according to my adorable companion.  i wanted to be in the main room b/c i can see all the silver carts filled with colorful food items frantically moving around the tables.  the smells and sights made me so hungry.for some odd reason everytime they filled our teapot, they would not close it well, so i kept spilling tea out from the top.  the basic steam items were ok.  i do have to say my favorite chicken feet  in black bean sauce was hella tasty.  the chinese broccoli drowned in oyster was alright, how do you go wrong with that?  they did have shanghai dumplings, but the skin was a bit thick and took away the flavor of the meat inside.  they did have my favorite shark fin dumpling soup with the vinegar, but i was told that the shark fin that i have always thought to be in this dish was sometimes replaced with glass noodles...is it b/c im not chinese???   otherwise it did taste good.   i also had the yummy egg tarts and egg tarts w/fruit.  i also had the silky tofu in sugar-ginger soup....ooh  so warm to my belly.  i think its a good idea to come around 12:30pm, b/c the longer we stayed the more new dishes came out.  right before we were leaving, we saw the this pineapple bun filled yellow egg custard.  that was the first time i had that.  imagine, taking a bite on a sweet crusty bun and having creamy yellow egg custard squeeze into your mouth.  so for now, this place will have to do as i join my lovely dining companion for the search for the best place for dim sum in all of vegas...stay tuned b/c i have another restaurant in mind already.....
3	OMG!!!!  I think my ancestors would roll over in their graves to hear what this restaurant charges for a bowl of congee (rice porridge)!!!  $28 for a bowl of seafood congee!  AIYAH!  It's totally unheard of, I hope the seafood is made out of gold!  After having spent a week here in Vegas without having any asian food, I had a craving so I came here.  Looking at the prices, I thought this place must serve some stellar chinese food.  Well, it disappointed me.  While the staff was very friendly and a couple of the waiters even flirted with me (hehehe...), I just didn't think the food was all that great, especially one that prides itself on being a great chinese restaurant serving authentic Hong Kong style cuisine.  I got the seafood pan fried noodles which was $18 and then a serving of the roasted pork belly for $16.  The food was mediocre and very pricey.  It however, had a nice view of people on the gondolas at the Venetian.  The restaurant was pretty dead for it being a Friday night at the busy Venetian casino.
4	Not bad Not bad.. the dim sum was quite fresh and the cost was quite reasonable.. WHen people say this chinese place is dirty.. i would agree.. but its a CHINESE restaurant.. I would be quite concerned if the place was too clean. Now I've been to some bad places.. so I know bad when i see it.. for those of you who love dim sum.. this place is a good choice..Also you might want to plan accordingly.. i went on tuesday for lunch and it was crowded.. I can  just imagine coming here on the weekend..And by the way this place is so popular they are open on Thanksgiving.. AND they extended their hours this day.. hmmm..
1	We were one of the first to arrive at 10:30AM on a Saturday morning, but the room filled up over the next hour.  I failed to write down what we ate, but 5 of the 7 dishes we tried contained pretty much the same ingredients of ground pork and shrimp.  The best dish was the egg tarts with the worst being the barbecued pork bun which was all bun, no pork.  Prices were relatively inexpensive, but the food quality and variety were disappointing.
4	We've been to so many different dim sum places in Vegas we thought we'd give yet another one a try. Boy the wait is hella long during lunch time. We waited about 40 minutes! However, once we were seated, things started to roll rather quickly. They asked what kind of tea we wanted and it was brought out really fast. The carts started to roll our way and it had most of the stuff we were wanting to eat so that was a plus.The har gaw was slightly above average (compared to the rest of Vegas) and the soy sheet rolls weren't bad at all. My fave was the fact that they had 'ma lai go' and it was the authentic kind -- tan brown in color rather than sponge cake yellow.Like what the other reviewers have mentioned it's dirty and the bathrooms are filthy. However, pee before you leave your hotel and go early so you don't have a wait -- avoid having to go to the bathroom at all and you'll have a good meal. Very cheap dim sum I'd say!
3	Dim Sum and then some...I have been searching for some "community" tradition in Vegas where most everything is about the tourist and those of us who actually live here kind of get lost in the fray. Well, I think I have found my little bit of togetherness on a Sunday at Orchid's Garden. Very crowded, very loud and bursting with energy. Trolley pushing ladies running from corner to corner of a packed dinning room make it a bit hard to hear about the selections. So, my friends and I are not sure what to call everything we ate. Everything we ate tasted lovely, especially the custard rolls---yum we had to get seconds. It was not the cleanest nor the most upscale decorated but it gives a little tone of hominess.
3	I wasn't that impressed with this place. It was pretty busy at 2pm for dim sum on a Tuesday though. Decent dim sum, I guess...Most of the dim sum we had were already cold. I guess we were seated in the "other" room, and not the main dining area. Oh well! The only good thing I ate (and was WARM!) was the pineapple buns. They were pretty good. Theresa B. and me had to get another tray.The total wasn't as bad as we thought. We had about 20 dim sum plates, and it cost us about $13 each for the 4 of us (including tip and tax). I actually like Chang's a lot better than this...
1	When we were here last year, we didn't like this place much. The service was slow, we waited for the Dim Sum carts for 5-15 minutes. I had to push the cart to our table... boy, I didn't think they run that fast after me... since they were so slow with the cart. =P Food was ok, but I would recommend Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine instead.
2	Dim Sum was mediocre, some dishes were cold. The taste was okay not great. Inside looks a bit dirty and out dated. Not a whole lot of variety to choose from.
3	I must say that Dim Sum in Vegas is definitely an adventure. One has to find a balance between good quality and value. The best authentic dim sum place? I would definitely say Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine. The problem? Its pricey. The worst? I would say Harbor Palace. I would not ever go back there again. The middle ground? Orchid's Garden. Dont get me wrong. This place is definitely not a five star kinda place... but it gets the job done. If I'm going, I always (and I mean ALWAYS) go on a Saturday morning around 11-Noon. I think the food is the freshest and the wait staff is most tolerable. On Sundays, I feel the food is recycled from the day before and the workers try to rush you in and out like cattle.They have the normal dim sum fare. Nothing too spectacular. The food is pretty consistent and I know what I'm in store for. The cart pushing ladies are pretty nice to me now since I'm a familiar face. What I mean by that is now they dont try to force dishes on my table or recommend stuff that is catered towards the novice.If I had friends in town, I would most likely bring them someplace nicer. If its just me and my buddies, this place is fine. Why go to Changs and pay up to double for a slightly higher quality when you can go to Orchids Garden and possibly taste a few extra dishes instead?To put it in layman's terms, Changs is like a Wynn/Bellagio Buffet while Orchid's Garden would be a Planet Hollywood/Mirage Buffet. Easy enough?
3	This place has dim sum cart service until 10pm everyday.  Dim sum was pretty good but a tad pricey.  We went for dinner on a Sunday around 6pm.  The service was a little slow at first but eventually picked up.  I got all my favorites (siu mai, har gow, crispy shrimp balls) and was stuffed by the end.   It was a little greasier than I would have liked but if I was craving dim sum on a random weekday night, this place will do.
2	Howzit!?Very average Dim Sum. Decent service.Notable dishes: Sauteed Chicken Feet, Mini Custard Tarts.
4	Hands down the best dim sum place in Vegas.Look, I've never been to Chang's.  I've heard it's pretty good too...  but shoot, this place is pretty good.  It'll stand up decently too in San Francisco, where I'm from.  It won't be the best place -- but it'll be a place I'd frequent regularly for the quality and value of the food.Why, you say?  Cuz their baked goods are, well, GOOD!  Try, for examples, the miniature baked BBQ pork in a buttery, flaky pastry.  Love it!  The miniature egg custard.  Well done!  The crust is good...  the custard... well, they could use a little more egg whites.  But in any case, their baked goods are excellent!Har gow, Shumai, Lo mai kai, fried shrimp dumpling, chicken feet, cheung fun (you know, the regulars), these all are pretty good.  I stuffed myself with 5 plates and it cost me $12.50 + tips.One last thing...  I haven't tried Chang's yet -- I'm going to.   But as far as I'm concerned, Orchid Garden is as authentic as it's going to get in LV.    I walked in, for the first time, one Sunday early afternoon and was greeted by the loud clanging of chopsticks against plates and the familiar hum of hundreds of loud conversation melded into one -- now that's an authentic dim sum joint.
3	Okay, this place should be investigated for selling substances that are addictive!!Can we just talk for a minute about how friggin' good those damn mini custard buns are? Can we??!!!The rest of the dim sum just sorta pales in comparison...EXCEPT the chow mein...another dish that rocked.I could go back and have a dim sum feast of just custard buns and chow mein...seriously!
4	I actually quite like Orchids Garden. Last time we had to wait for a long time for a table, but this time, even though there were a bunch of people waiting, my wife walked up to the front and next thing I knew we were being seated. Just as well because I could tell my wife was super hungry and it did well for them to seat us immediately.The place was packed and the carts rolled around and soon we had bbq pork buns on the table along with other things. Everything was good. I mean it's not San Francisco good, but out of all the places we've been to in Vegas, this one is better than the rest.By the time we finished, the crowd was so big it was hard to get out the door. My wife joked that the food must be free for them since she would not wait that long if she's hungry. We were satisfied and it was very reasonable too.
2	Went to eat here on Saturday night at around 7pm.  They didn't have the thousand year egg + pork porridge that I was hoping to eat, and what they did have was cold.  Dim sum is supposed to be piping hot...what the hell, man?  I feel like business was bad that day, and I got the left overs.
3	This place is only A-OK for me. My dad choses to come here every time we visit vegas. Being Chinese, you just gotta try the Dim Sum in other parts of the country/world. You just gotta. Well here is my take on this past experience:Personally, I thought food was average/ could have been much better. We came here when they first opened and things were fresh and delicious. This time around, not the same. The Shao Long Bao (Pork Mini Buns) were dry and nasty. The rice wrapped in lotus leaves tasted a bit odd and the Shu Mai and Chicken hands could have been much better prepared. Something just didn't taste right when I ate it. Maybe it was just a bad experience this time around? I mean we do come here often when we visit Vegas. So for now, I suppose I give them a 2.5/3 for their decent food. I'll be back, don't worry! I'll let you know how they hold up :)
4	I really liked this place and was surprised it wasn't busier. I went on the Sunday at 11:30 the day before Chinese New Year's. Shouldn't it be packed with Chinese families and LAers leaving town? But no matter. Glad there was no wait. The food was good, smaller sized portions than normal, but yummy. The porridge bowls are smaller and the egg tarts could have passed for minis. But they weren't sold as minis because you only got three (and the minis are sold in 4s). It was at a good price. I believe the A's were at $1.90. And, as others have mentioned, dim sum all day!
3	I miss Dim Sum. New Orleans is not a place to live if it's a staple in your diet. I loved the hustle and bustle of Asian familes and the harried staff. The dumplings themselves were good, the tea piping hot, but wished we had ordered some broccoli.That is all.
5	im not a huge dim sum fan, but everytime im in vegas, i find myself at orchid garden. the food is actually really good. the best dim sum ive had id say? i dont know. and for some reason, seems like everytime i am at this place, the line is always so long. but everyone was nice, and it was good!
4	This was only the second Dim Sum place we have eaten at in LV.  But no need to search for another one.  It was really packed and we waited for a while before we were seated.  But that is a good sign so no complaints there.  They just needed more bench and chairs for the older folks so they can sit while they wait.  The dim sum is fresh, warm and you can even order what you do not see. Go before the busy time so you don't wait long.  My fave there is the calamari.  I love the egg pie, the crust is soooo flaky and yumms.   This place was highly recommended to me ....I highly recommend it to everyone.....!
4	Dim Sum is a traditional Chinese cuisine in which small portions of a variety of foods, including an assortment of steamed or fried dumplings, are served in succession.  Easter Sunday and it was my cousin Manny, my mother and I eating out for lunch.  Usually Easter is dominated by hotels, casinos offering the standard higher priced brunch  However, we decided on Dim Sum (not a tradition) but I was willing to try it because it will please my mother and I am the one visiting Vegas.  The place itself is in northwest of the strip on Sahara and was not really far from where my mom and Manny lived (if there was no traffic) we got there in plenty of time to get a number and wait.  The proportion of Chinese speaking patrons were probably  90 to 1 to non Chinese.  The newspapers outside the lobby was chinese, all the writing on the menu board is chinese..  The good thing about dim sum is point and taste.  If you picked something you didn't like then you are fine to eat something else.So steamed or fried.  Most of the items we did get were steamed (not as in angry) but were in a metal or wood container, it's like lunch a la carte but they move the food around and ask you if you want something (sometimes the same thing several times).  Of course if you like it, then you can get more of the same.  We picked a range of food from simple short ribs, pork roast, pork and shrimp dumplings.  But Manny my cousin was apt for the challenge, he said I like chicken feet so we ordered it.  In all my experiences in eating Chinese or Asian food, chicken feet has never touched this lips.  However convinced by my cousin to try this slightly battered (coating not beat up) chicken feet.  I tried it, it was not as bad as I thought.  It was gelatinous and easy to eat and spit.  Now I can say I ate chicken feet but would I try it again, maybe next time when its deep fried and I have had several beers.Overally service was hectic but good.  The only caveat is the long wait for the check to be completed.  We thought they would rush us out but because the restaurant had slowed down since we came in, the new customers were getting the attention, we were just waiting.  Always drink tea when you are eating dim sum, it helps with the greasy food you are ingesting.  Oh, we did eat chinese broccoli, the designated vegetable.  We also had some smelt, my mom' s favorite (not crunchy or seasoned enough for me)The ultimate surprise which I always try to look for dim sum is the tofu.  This is not the tofu you buy in the supermarket, this is one is silky and warm and with a little syrup and was delicious - taho in the Philippines.Overall, for the clientele who believe this is good enough for them and good enough for us.  It cost us about 60 bucks which is 20 per person (no I didn't make my Mom pay - Manny and I split it)..  I had a good and new experience in Las Vegas away from the strip and the namebrand chef cuisine.
4	When I want some dim sum, it's sometimes a dim prospect, especially if you're not in SF Bay, LA, or NYC Chinatown. Good dim sum in Vegas?  Heck yeah. I really like this place.  Dim sum can be bad if it's not fresh. But it is good here. A warning - you should get there before 1:30 or the number of dim sum carts hawked by their cart ladies declines after the peak of lunch.  They do advertise "dim sum all day".  So, you can order it on the phone or in person, and all of your stuff will come out freshly steamed or baked.  They do not take dim sum from the cart ladies for to go orders. This is a free standing building off Sahara west of Eyeglass World. The decor and ambiance isn't something you'd wow about.  The bathrooms aren't the cleanest, and the parking during peak times (noon - 1 PM) can be a challenge.  But overall, it was a nice place to be when you want some dim sum as well as traditional Chinese food.  A lot of first time customers get a puzzled look when they cart ladies come by, but often by the end of their meal, they're hooked.  I don't like everything on the menu.  But there were lots of things our group loved.  We tried/shared all the different types of siu mai, egg rolls, har gow and  pork bun (steamed, baked).  Loved that gai lan, and enjoyed the porridge. We had their fried fish, noodles, and some desserts like custard pie, sweet rice cakes, sesame balls, and I forget the rest. We went  a1:15 PM so the stuff was pretty fresh and the little carts were still darting through the restaurant. Some of the ladies were hard to understand but it didn't matter as long as you could see what she had in her cart. We took what we didn't finish home.  But except for the desserts, they tasted much better in the restaurant.  Lucky for me being a sweet tooth, they made for a great after dinner snack.  YummyIt's a hassle from where in OC I live to get to the decent dim sum places in LA county.  How I miss living in the SF Bay area where dim sum places in Oakland and SF Chinatown are plentiful and yummy.  But when visiting my relatives in Vegas, this is an excellent choice. Each plate of dim sum was about $2 each, plus or minus some change.
3	First, the plusses:  Orchids Garden offers Dim Sum all day, not just during the morning and lunch hours.  It's inexpensive.  Two of us staggered out for $18, including tax and a generous tip.The minuses:  It's way too far away from my apartment near UNLV.  As in too many transfers, too long a bus ride.  The Dim Sum was okay.  We had a variety of dishes, but nothing was superb.The neither-good-nor-bad:  Orchids Garden also has American-style Chinese food (Chow mein, sweet and sour something...).  I saw an Anglo couple (I'm Anglo, too) with those kinds of dishes on their table.  There were also plenty of Asians eating Dim Sum or real Chinese food.  If I were going out for Chinese food with a very mixed group (which would be my classmates, or my former colleagues), this would be a good choice because everyone could get something to their liking.
4	i've been to most of the dim sum places in Vegas, and I have to say Orchid Garden reminds me the most of the good dim sum places in Los Angeles. And the fact it serves dim sum allll day ~ bonus!!!
4	Just got back from a *fabulous* lunch at Orchids Garden. Clearly I'm not Asian and for some background I didn't grow up in Cali or anything, so I am no expert in dim sum. I've had it a few times in Houston at various spots, but this was by far the best dim sum I've had. We had many many types of dumplings. Some with mushrooms, most had some sort of shrimp or pork in there somewhere. Chinese broccoli was cooked perfectly. One of the surprise favorites was a platter of rolled up "wide noodles" (damn I wish I knew the name of them!). They looked like tripe or something icky, but trust me - order them! So if you're new to dim sum and want to give it a shot, this place is an excellent place to start. Our check came out to $35 for 2 of us, but we got disgusting amounts of food. I'm too embarassed about how much we ate to sit back and tally up how many pieces that must have been!
4	Wowie! Dim sum ALL DAY for DIRT CHEAP prices!My group of people wanted some good Chinese food, so with some advice from one of my friend's local relatives, we strayed away from The Strip and came here. They had all the normal dim sum goodies... sui mai, BBQ pork buns, flour rice sheet with shrimp, deep fried shrimp balls and more! Everything was pretty fresh and I DIDN'T get sick after eating here. Amazing! I loved their desserts. They had mango pudding and this fabulous sweet egg custard bun (not made with the typical white bun, but more like a pastry). They're Chinese broccoli was cooked perfectly. I thought the black bean short ribs had a strange taste to them. But overall, I had a great experience here.It's definitely worth coming here if you want to get away from The Strip and pay REASONABLE prices for some good food. To feed NINE people it only cost about $80, including tax AND tip. AMAZING! Another time we ate there, it only cost about $50 to feed all nine of us again. It's almost a miracle that you can even eat for that cheap in Vegas! Don't let this miracle slip away!
5	I just had breakfast at Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine and coming from the bay area I was very disappointed. I spoke to a young Asian couple there and asked if there were any good dim sum places in the area. They said Chang's was as good as it gets in Vegas. They did mention Orchids Garden as a close alternative. So lunch time hits and here I am. The staff was friendly I was seated right away and the carts immediately came to my table. I tried the same dishes as Chang's which were shiu mai, har gow and rice noodle rolls with shrimp. I also tried the fried shrimp ball with fried sugar cane sticks  which I did not see on Chang's menu. The shiu mai was fresh and delicious, very comparable to places back home as was the har gow. The rice noodle rolls were equally tasty and slightly better than back home. We have a different version of the sugar cane shrimp roll back home that has a crab leg in place of the fried sugar cane stick. The shrimp used in this item had a great flavor and the texture to the shrimp ball was perfect. 5 stars and this is definitely going to be my regular dim sum spot!!!
1	WORDS THAT DO NOT GO TOGETHER Discount & Sushi Freelance & Gynecology Refurbished & Pacemaker And most recently... DIM SUM & ALL DAY As soon as I heard it was an all day dim sum place my spidey sense went berserk. I tried mentioning other options like Noodle Palace, KFC, or even cyanide...but I didn't want to be rude to the birthday girl so off we went. 1st Impression: It's 2pm on a Friday...this is SO not the time to go for dim sum. 2nd Impression: Overflowing trashcan as soon as you walk in. ***getting nauseous*** 3rd Impression: The smell of rancid oil. ***Mental note not to eat anything fried and getting more nauseous*** 4th Impression: I bit down into a COLD piece of siu mai. ***Thinking happy thoughts to hold back chunks***5th Impression: 'Why aren't we leaving?', I think to myself as we proceed to order MORE food. 6th Impression: 1/2 the food that we order is cold and we are forced to ask the cart lady to get us hotter trays from the bottom of the cart ***Thinking about where I can locate and Epipen and wondering why we're still there*** In summary: This is one of the nastiest dim sum places I have EVER encountered. As I predicted, all day dim sum means a lot of their stuff is frozen and machine made (e.g. har gao, char siu bao, etc.). If you have no idea what good dim sum tastes like, don't like yourself very much, or are in a state where euthanasia is illegal then come on in. Otherwise, avoid like the plague.
2	this place isnt bad but its not really good either. (food wise)They have dim sum all day, and the prices are cheap so that is good.But i won't come here again. Straight up.
4	This is one of the best Dim Sum Houses in Vegas. Usually very busy and in fact I have walked out on occasion because I don't like to wait in their long lines of hungry guests for a table. If you can hit it right and don't have to wait to sit down, you will have great dim sum at a very reasonable price.
3	This is one of our two dim sum restaurant of choice in Las Vegas.  The price is inexpensive for dim sum, and conveniently located for students attending classes at CSN's Cheyenne and Charleston campuses.We usually only go to dim sum between 11am-1pm, so have not encountered issues with dim sum being cold. The food we typically order are usually served hot or warm, unless it is supposed to be served cold.The variety of selection is comparable to most other dim sum restaurants.  The quality is average, nothing that blows away your expectations, and is a good value for the menu pricing.Is it the best quality dim sum available in Las Vegas?  No.Is it good dim sum for the price?  Absolutely!
4	I lunched here last week with a coworker that suggested it. I found the dishes to be delicious and tasty. We had a bit of everything, har gow, shu mai, fried shrimp balls, chicken feet, pork buns, etc. I can't say that I disliked any of it. I will admit the chicken feet were a bit weird, it was my first time trying them. The sauce they were cooked in was very flavorful, it was just the texture of the feet that I found hard to get past. Three of us ate to our heart's content (and then some) for around $40. I'm so happy I found this place!!!
4	One of the best dim sum restaurants I've ever been to. The food was delicious. The dim sum that arrived on carts were still warm and & prepared fresh. I would recommend the calamari, it wasn't too crunchy which I liked.  The servers were more polite than usual for a chinese dim sum restaurant and every time we asked for a certain item not on that person's cart they would try to grab the attention of the person pushing the cart with the food we wanted. The only negative was that their bathrooms weren't so great. Not too clean, toilet paper on the floor and such.
4	Dim sum is the best hangover cure, and nothing screams Vegas like all day dim sum.Orchids Garden serves dim sum from 10:30 AM until 10:30 PM, every day.Called for lunch reservations at a friend's recommendation, then took a taxi over. Didn't wait long for our table. The Saturday we were there, the main dining room was chock full of families, locals, and those who probably taxied over. (Yes, all good eats are off Strip.) Orchids Garden is ready for crowds: they have a large parking lot and a second high-capacity dining room purposed for lunch, dinner, and banquets.We feasted on chicken feet, delicious green peppers with shrimp, tender tripe, tasty siu mai, pork buns, flour rice sheets, and fried shrimp balls wrapped about sugar canes - my favorite of the morning. Plates were strewn about, chopsticks flew. Servers constantly came by to clear our dishes and to ask if we wanted more food which was always appreciated. Drinks-wise, we skipped alcohol and sipped chrysanthemum and jasmine tea.The bill was reasonable, especially split amongst friends. I'll be back!
4	Lived here for years and discovered this place, when I had just a horrible experience at my previous dim sum place. EXCELLENT selection, attentive service and fantastic value! You can come in for a quick nosh or stay for hours, and the staff treats you very well. I have been there about 5 times so far, and it hasnt changed. Virtually never a wait for seating (unlike Cathay House and the others). They always have a nice selection of carts with both the usual (shu mai, siopao, shrimp balls) and unusual items of interest (tripe, chicken feet). As in all Dim Sum eateries, be prepared to wait if you have a favorite. Otherwise, just pickup your ticket and go searching. This is actually ok behaviour there and will quicken your time waiting.
4	It's not five star, but really it's not their fault they're in Las Vegas and not Chinatown San Francisco. And that's what I compare it to. Anyways, my favorite dishes are Shrimp noodle and Beef Noodle, because that ponzuesque sauce is to die for! Also the BBQ Pork buns, whether you go sweet or not are amazing.I routinely come here and eat far more than I need to. The only draw back is that not enough people come here so the carts aren't always popping out fresh stuff, so things can become luke warm. But the food is still amazing.The best Dim Sum in Las Vegas bar none!
5	I am going to give this dim sum place 5 stars.1. For having everything I'm looking for when I go to a dim sum restaurant2. For not having to wait an hour or two for dim sum.  I have NEVER waited to be seated at this joint.3. For impeccable service.  Nice waiting service.  They're fast, they don't force you to buy, and they come to you immediately if you call for them.4. All the food is good and still warm.  I can't say its the best dim sum tasting food I have but it does the job, and some of the dim sum is really good.5. I give this place 5 stars...because of their baked egg custard buns.  They're so yummy!On top of my five reasons, they have a wider variety than I've seen.  Not sure if they have the porridge I want though.  Have to go back and check.Try the baked egg custard buns.  They're to die for.  My cousin and I share like 7 plates of these.  =D!  Yum!
4	Pretty good dim sum place just a little off the strip.  Large enough room that we didn't have any problem seating around 10 people pretty quickly.  Food came quick too and there is plenty or various dishes to choose from.  I highly recommend the crispy fried calamari, which has the legs... i love the legs!  I very much enjoyed everything I tried here.  Will definitely like to come back next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Dim Sum all day with a huge variety !Wanted to check this place out because it has Peking Duck.  You can order Roast Duck 1/2 or Full, but the Peking Duck has to be a full.  We decided to do the Dim Sum because the carts were coming by as fast as Nascar laps. My favorites were: Shrimp ball in eggplant & Rice Noodle with Beef (ask for xtra sauce on side from this dish for some of the other plates that only serve a mayo sauce) All the others seemed pretty standard or too greasy.  This place is excellent for groups  & kids,  and they have flat screens to watch football.  It's not the best dim sim, however, service is quick and there is ample parking in the front & rear.
3	We try this place like couple we ago. It ok!! Since we had bad experience in Chang's Hong Kong Cruises LV. We drive around and hope to find a dim sum place for lunch... We Stop by a Chinese place and ask someone for information. He recommend Orchids Garden, so we give it a try..... It was about 1pm and the place was pretty full of people but we still got a table with no wait... Most worker are women, the only thing was I can't really tell who's waitress, who's the lady pushing the cart...cos they all pretty much look like work with everything.... We were so hungry and need to meet someone in an hour include 15 to 20 mins driving time, so we just want to eat and go.... Well, there dim sum was ok, a little better then Chang's... but it also cold... and the Har Gaw (steam shrimp dumpling) had hard skin, so as the Fun Gou (other white skin steam dumpling). What's up with these place... can't keep up the temperature.... Even you have good food, the temperature is most importance too. Yes is hard to keep dim sum on the right temp, but you still have to find a way to deal with it. "Esply when a place SERVE DIM SUM FOR ALL DAY."  Anyway, we still like to go back and try again. Next time if the food is cold,... oh ya I'll talk to them about that problem...
4	This place is great. Me and my roomates come here once in a while to get that "itis" and have not been disappointed yet. One of my favorite items is a sweet bread roll thats an orange color, and also has an orange filling and topped of with it as well. I cant remember what its actually called but I have dubbed this item simply "Christmas" because thats what it taste like, a delicious Christmas morning.
1	This place used to be good...we've been going for a few years. We overlooked that it was dirty because the food was cheap and good. We're Chinese and sadly expect a lot of good Chinese food places to be on the dirty side. Over the past 6 months, we've had really bad food experiences.We kept going back hoping it was going to get better again or maybe the last time was a bad fluke. After 5 more of these bad experiences, we knew we won't be going back even though it was the only place we knew that had 24hr dim sum. The service is typical rude Chinese, and I'm Chinese. Sometimes the dim sum is spoiled tasting. Recently they kept raised the prices of the dim sum and they will stamp a higher priced letter than what is listed on the menu. We never complained when we first saw them stamping higher priced dim sum items when it should have been the lowest priced item because we didn't want to be the "complainers". It's also a totally different price than what they advertise on the sign outside.  Thank goodness my mom knows her math, cuz I just pay a bill when I get it. Well they over charged us by $35 recently and had the nerve to argue with us about it. When we forced them to re-add, they never apologized or admitted to any wrong doing. They corrected the amount, put it on the table and walked away. We definitely will never return and suggest that the people who do go, keep a watchful eye on the dim sum stamp as well as add up your own bill. And if it tastes wierd, it's probably spoiled because they have all day dim sum and the crap may have been sitting out all day.
3	The hustle and bustle on a weekday afternoon didn't surprise me considering good Chinese food is hard to find here! But this place seems to be where the local older Chinese people come to.The best dim sum, hands down I've had, was in Vancouver, Canada . But I digress.This place overall is probably one of the best in town. It's clean (I give high marks for this-nothing kills an appetite like a dirty joint), the selection is varied, and some dishes like the bok choy are delicious.I would definitely recommend coming here to try it out for yourself.
4	Came twice.First was we saw it and we were hungry driving by and 2nd time we brought my inlaws. It's no LA, dim sum but I appreciate that they had dimsum through the day as we night people have to wake up "early" to make it to a dimsum cutoff. It was decent both times, though limited...but I would expect so for serving all day. We had a few entrees and all we got were very good and where I rate them higher for than the dimsum in terms of taste. I liked that they did a ginger scallion chicken here, but it was crispy chicken instead of steamed...just a different take on a favorite is sometimes nice. Grandma really liked her mongolian beef and it was good- soft meat and not too spicy. Mom in law got lo mein and was happy with it. Got also shrimp walnuts and they were big and fresh. Overall, not a bad place. Service was decent too and at least I can get a few dimsum dumplings during dinner time. Still- I'm holding my breath on if I'll ever find a place that has amazing dimsum like home.
2	The venue is huge, but the dim sum sucks! It's supposed to be dim sum all day long, BUT the secret to their success is to warm up the food sitting in the carts all day long.. in the microwave.It is so apparent & obvious by the texture of the food, taste and smell.  However, I was dismayed to learn that when you actually order from the menu....it's not that bad. They do have really good egg fu yung, so an extra star for the item ordered off the menu.
4	Our uncle brought us to Orchids.  This place has a very good variety of dim sum.  You don't have wait forever like some of the other places for the carts to come around.  For Vegas, it's pretty good!  Will be back soon!
4	This is definitely the place to get your dim sum on in Sin City.  Took my old school parents here and they loved the place.  Ate here late on a Monday afternoon and it was plenty crowded with folks chomping down on dim sum.  The prices are pretty cheap compared to SJ.Really enjoyed the chicken feet and XO noodles!  The place is huge and there was no waiting.  The service was pretty good.  This place is not the Bellagio, but it is priced accordingly also :)
2	So, as we walk into Orchids Gardens, my friend tells me that this particular location has been shut down several times by the health department, and then has re-branded itself several times.  My response?  Well they must have their act together now.We were sat promptly in the vast room at a large round table.  A server came by immediately and offered us drinks and then we were bombarded by a line of waitresses sling all kinds of food items of a plastic encased rolling gueridon.  A lot of times, we couldn't understand what they were selling, but we tried it anyway, cause we were feeling adventurous.  One overwhelming factor in my poor experience was the temperature of the food.  Out of the ten items we received, one was hot, three were luke warm, and six were cold.  The flavors and textures were decent, but it was pretty hard to get past the temperature issue.   Maybe i'll com back and try ordering off the menu, but for now, thumbs down.
3	Dim sum in Vegas is so hit or miss. And lately it's been misses. To me, there are only two competing Dim Sum houses. Cathay House and Orchids Garden. Here is my criteria for a good Dim Sum joint . TEMPERATURE = Freshness. Taste. Variety. Speed of service. Here's my tip:You need a battle plan. The prime time to visit is 10:30 AM. This is when 90% of the time the food is hot. The crowd has yet to form. If you miss this time try your best to sit in the room in the east (left room from entrance). This is where the carts come out and you're most likely to get the hottest items. When you can't get the carts to come in time, grab your waiter and tell them what you want. Be active it's a war zone!
4	Packed parking lot, but the place was so big we didn't have to wait. Friendly service for a Dim Sum place.  Excellent variety. Voted best Dim Sum in LV in '09. I've tried a few, and this will be my new go-to place.Pineapple bun here is the BEST. Like a soft cripsy cream donut.
4	Service: Good to Ok Food: Good Restaurant: Good, Accommodates Large Groups Return Visits: Yes, every week! Favorites: Pork Shiu Mai, Chicken Feet, Sweet Yellow Bun, Shrimp Noodle, Chinese Broccoli, Fried Dumpling, Chow Fun and other things that we just point at because when we asked what they are, they say something we can't pronounce :) We are here every Sunday because food is really good! Yes, sometimes the service is slow and sometimes the item that we want isn't "ready" yet but we are always happy when we come here. We're here so often that most of the cart ladies know who we are and know what we like! We take out-of-towners to Orchids Garden and it's  always a requested trip when they return!And for those that know the typical "cleanliness" of a Restroom in a Chinese restaurant... Well, they actually renovated theirs, so, you can't smell it from the seating area-- like most, so you're not likely to be squeamish and it's also really pretty in there!
4	One thing you don't have to wait for is seating and service. Orchids Garden has a ton of seating and they seem to have just as many carts filled with Dim Sum.
5	A friend of mine recently recommended I try the Dim Sum at Orchids Gardens being I'm a huge fan, and today was the day. Now, let me start by mentioning I'm a huge advocate for Ping Pang Pong inside the Gold Coast. Past the cheesy name and the location I think it serves up some serious Dim Sum. Orchids Garden however, was basically Ping Pang without any cons. The Dim Sum was supurb. It was a constant stream of different dishes being sent out every five minutes. Everything I recognized from the shrimp dumplings, BBQ pork buns, and Coconut Pastries to Fried Calamari, Clams & Mussels, and even Fried Shrimp covered in noodles. Every single dish was equal or above the quality Ive experienced at Ping Pang, or Cathay House, making Orchids numuro UNO on my list of must try Dim Sum. I cannot wait till next Tuesday for more Dim Sum @ OG's :)
4	I just got home not to long ago from going to Orchids Garden first time with one of my girls. We had chicken feet, taro, noodles, different shrimps like Shrimp paste in eggplant and dim sim blanket , and much more. I didn't know what to expect especially when she said that she was gonna order some chicken feet for me to try. It was actually pretty good. It was DIM SUM, of course since it says DIM SUM all day. Everything that she ordered, I tried and they were pretty good. The only thing that I didn't care for was the Inside of the taro. I must say that if I had to pick my favorites, they would have to be the chicken feet and mango pudding. We are already making plans to go again very soon. YAY!!
1	Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star. Its like a restaurant has to try to get a 1 star review from me.I came here around 12:15 waiting for my the others in my party. When they arrived, it was around 1pm. We got seated, and I swear someone released a stink bomb in the room or something, the entire place turned into a ghost town.@ Calamari - I ate it. it was cold. Was I in a sushi restaurant, not a dim sum restaurant? Nope. Just horrible.@ Shrimp Dumplings - One of the orders, the skin fell apart. The other the shrimp was all mushy, as if it has been nuked in the microwave. @ Pork Dumplings - Cold and mushy. Same texture as the shrimp dumplings. @ Sesame Balls - Oily, cold, goopy item. Once this gets cold, it just gross.@ Jook - They ran out by 1PM. Blah.There were more items, but I guess they weren't good enough for me to remember the dishes. Some of you may be saying, show up earlier or go during prime time dim sum time. Yup, I'm fully aware of that. But what kind of establishment goes from good to suckage for the changeover to regular lunch? If a restaurant lets me order it, I can review it as is. This just shows poor quality control on their part, willing to sacrifice their name to earn a couple of bucks for disappointing dim sum. Either keep up the quality or don't serve dim sum after a certain time.I'll be willing to give this place another chance and I'll come during prime time, but I can't see the score improving that much. Until then, stay out of this place after 1pm.
5	OMG... My friend and I went to Orchid's Garden once again... And I am just getting home now. OMG.. I love going there. The last time we went, she wasn't sure if I would like it.. I loved it and I loved it again today. The last time our bill came out to like $23... today we spent $45 for the two of us.... We ate sooooooooooooooo much that it felt like we needed to be rolled out of the restaurant..kinda like Violet in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory (the original version)....LOL...  We were soooooo stuffed from eating the garlic flavored oysters, chicken feet  (she took one piece and I ate the rest), STICKY RICE... (It was fantastic), noodles, Shrimp paste in egglant, some kind of shrimp that had flavor coating... THAT was good. I forgot the name, but they looked like stuffed mushrooms, and much much more.. Let's just say we just about covered the entire table of food... lots of DIM SUM, and my favorite dessert - MANGO PUDDING... I normally don't each much, but today I was hungry - sooooo hungry that I could probably have eaten everything with a given amount to of time by my self. She was starving too!!! We plan on going once again. We even discussed maybe once every payday!!!
4	Orchids rates a solid 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up to 4 just because I thought it was slightly better than A-ok.  They open for 10:30 and we got there at 10:25.  It was awesome to be one of the first inside.  The dining room is quite large and it filled up quickly.  Selections came out in abundance and we were able to grab everything we were craving.  All the usual suspects were involved (shu mai, har gow, fried meat dumpling, sticky rice, pork buns, etc.), but the best thing was the price.  We ate a TON and left with a $44 bill which included the tip.  Not too shabby for a party of 4.  Love this place and would definitely go back again next time I'm in town and feel like dining off the strip.
3	We went on a Sunday afternoon (around 1 PM) and the left side of the restaurant was packed; I don't think the right side was open.  Despite the number of people, we did not have to wait to be seated at all.It has been YEARS since I've had dim sum in an actual dim sum restaurant so I was excited.  It was my companion's first time (ever) to a dim sum restaurant, and I think he liked it.I gave 3 stars because there were a lot of carts and a lot of different items to choose from, but not very many just meat or just veggie options.  We were seated quickly and our water and hot tea were brought at promptly as was our plain steamed rice (for my semi-picky 2-year old)  Also, a lot of what we ordered was a little greasier than I expected it to be.  I don't know the exact names for the items but I'll try my best to describe them.CHOW FUN: I think that is what the lady called it.  I'm used to chow fun being flat noodles cut finger-width and quickly sauteed with some meat and veggies and soy sauce.  This chow fun was kind of like one big sheet of rice noodle rolled up, then sliced into 1-inch logs and cooked in oil, soy sauce and chili.  Whatever it was, I liked it and would definitely order again.FRIED CALAMARI: Crispy, chewy, crunchy with a little spice (from a small amount of diced jalapeno).  It was alright.  I've had better and I've had worse.  My daughter had fun eating this one.PORK BUNS: We had two kinds. One steamed and I think the other was baked with honey on top.  Both had a sweet red pork filling.  I liked the steamed version while my companion preferred the softer, sweeter, baked version.TURNIP CAKE:  Kinda mushy, warm and Turnip-y.  It was how I remembered turnip cake to be (only back home they would fry it to order in front of you).  My companion did not care for it, but it reminded me of home.  I guess its an acquired taste, or a textural preference.EGGPLANT WITH SHRIMP PASTE:  I don't know if this is steamed or fried.  The shrimp part was alright; the eggplant was a little greasy and under-seasoned.  The server added a little mystery sauce (soy reduction or oyster sauce...I don't know) but that didn't really help.PORK SHUMAI: tasted like shu-mai? Kind of like the calamari: I've had better and I've had worse.CREAM  PUFF: that's what they called it.  It was a soft baked bun filled with a small amount of plain whipped butter and topped with shredded coconut.  We were disappointed.  It was alright, but not what we were expecting.EGG TART: simple egg  custard baked in a puff pastry shell.  My personal favorite... a little skimpy on the filling, but I didn't  mind.SESAME BALL:  it was just ok.  Crispy on the outside and semi-sweet on the inside.  The rice paste came out a little mushy/pasty instead of chewy.The table next to us had some fried chicken wings but none of the carts we saw had them.  I did see some chicken feet pass by, though.I'd come back again...but I'd probably ask to see a menu, too...Just in case.
4	We got into Vegas very early and so we decided to get some dim sum for breakfast. Though this place is a bit further away from the Strip, it was worth it!! This place was packed, plus a lot of customers were Chinese. Which to me means one thing, this place doesn't suck. We sat down, and instantly the carts were roaming around our table. There were a great variety of dim sum and it was pretty good. We also had great service. Our tea pot was always full and our water cups were never empty. Overall, I would definitely come back for dim sum. The food was good, service was great, and price was affordable. P.S. - I went to Ping Pang Pong a few days later, and that place sucked balls (service and food is horrible). That place can not be comparable to Orchids Garden. Orchids is 10 times better IMO.
4	In the mood for dim sum in Vegas? This is the place to go. A very friendly staff and plenty of food to go around. It's not exactly on the strip but not very far from it. Fried shrimp, dumplings of all kinds, seaweed salad, sticky rice, the list goes on and on. A couple friends i was with got general tso's chicken and another chicken dish on the side, both looked great. I would go back for sure!
5	love this place.  we went at night once but it wasn't as fresh as coming during the day..if I could name favorites I would, so I gotta start taking pics and posting them instead.it's a pretty big place that can get really busy.. but their definitely on topof coming around and making sure your taken care of.  they are very friendly and accommodating and will take an order of dim sum for you If you for some reason missed it when it came around.even though it gets really busy, it's big enough your not sitting on top of patrons next to you.  the wait is never more than 10 minutes...  and all the waiters and waitresses are super friendly.  I am very satisfied with the service here.it's my favorite dim sum place in vegas so far!
5	The great thing about dim sum is instant gratification. They walk around showing you their various appetizers, you see a dish that you like and you order it. No waiting, no guessing. This is a great place for dimsum. They have a wide variety of dishes to choose from and their food quality has always been consistent. I have been going here for years. Overall experience is excellent and service is friendly considering that you have to use sign and body language to communicate with them. If you want a quiet &romantic meal though I would recommend that you pick a different place.
5	My friend, her son, and I went once again today and loved all the food. For some reason, the food was better today than it was the last two times.. And bigger. The shrimp was bigger. The eggplant was bigger and tastier. We had two orders of chicken feet, steamed sticky rice, and much much more. I am definitely going again.
4	BF and I got shafted trying to go to Ethiopian today and went completely opposite for a hankering of dimsum delights.Our dishes-Har Gao- good, but small compared to other dimsum places.Shu Mai- decent and was juicy,Guk Char Siu Bao-  BBQ pork bun in sweet bun instead of white fluffy buns. These were were good, nice chewy, sweet buns and the pork was nicely seasonedHar Cheung Fun- fresh shrimp in large roll noodles with sweet soy. These were good, but the soy needed to be a tad more sweet and light....I think they might have not put the right sauce since that tasted more like seasoning soy.Yeung Qi Dze-  eggplant stuffed with shrimp paste served with a black bean sauce. It was okay, I don't know if I like it like that since there isn't much taste to the eggplant aside from the sauce outside. I like cooking eggplant in sauce better- it then takes the flavor...Better yet, get a eggplant hot pot- delish! Pai gwat- pork spareribs. One of my favorite dimsum dishes...theirs was good, soft meat with a little fat and yummy black beans. Fried Shrimp Balls- I dunno the Chinese name of this, but it''s fried crispy outside, shrimp inside and mayo for dipping...whats not to like? Sin Chet Kuen- bean curd rolls with pork,mushroom and bamboo shoot inside and braised in a light sauce. These are one of my favorites as a kid....haven't had in a while and it brought me back.Dan Tat- egg custard pastry cups. Not bad, but not the best I've had. Needed more egg to pastry ratio I think, but the pastry was quite nice and flaky. Mang gwo bu ding- pretty good mango pudding. It's a nice touch they put milk on top of it...this is how I eat it at home, but most places do not put milk on it.Yes, there was only me and the BF. Today we were fatties and had a dim sum feast. I haven't done this in all the time I've lived in Vegas (3 years) so it was quite nice to do on a occasion...it was a monthly tradition growing up in LA. The plus here is the service. Even though the carts are limited they keep them coming. Seriously, you are bombarded,in a friendly manner, with carts declaring their offerings every few minutes. If you are looking for something on the dimsum list that isn't on the carts, don't be afraid to ask as they are friendly here and will gladly get it for you if it's available. A server also comes around and checks on everyone often and was on our drink refills. This is absolutely refreshing after some rude treatment and being ignored at Changs (see my review).Funny that this place runs all day and has just about as much dimsum selection as Changs as well. Limited, but in this situation it's acceptable for an all day dimsum to have just more of the popular dishes and not the "imperial" selections. Just a note, but lunch/regular dim sum time is cheaper until 3 pm, and the prices for dimsum go up after that. Still, it is still reasonable prices for late night dimsum 3-10pm. I have yet to come before 3 during lunch, but I imagine there will be more selection with a busier clientele at that time. I have not tried Ping Pang Pongs...but I think this is the preferred spot for dim sum so far and might be the better of the places simply because we night folk can come have it anytime. Look, it's nothing like anything in LA, but it's good enough. If I keep comparing it then I set myself up for a bad day....it's like comparing a Honda Civic, good and reliable to a delicious, polished Audi S6. It's just on a different level.
4	My husband and I ALWAYS have dim sum here when we are in Vegas. Great prices. Good food. Fast cart rotation. My favorite part of dim sum is the calamari, seaweed sushi roll with delicious sweet and sour and lastly thier tiny little fruit tart cups. But the fruit tarts are only served on Sat/Sun. I was very much disappointed when I went there on a Monday for dim sum and they didnt have them.
5	Known for its Dim Sum, this place is always pretty busy. You can tell from the parking lot and the crowd-filled lobby. We hadn't been here in a long while. Seems to have caught on with many other people, as the clientelle today was a huge mix of people: Asians of all types, Hawaiians, and Caucasians. Don't even come here on a holiday weekend as you will wait for about 30-45 minutes (we did that once- we won't make that mistake again).It's still yummy! We had the chinese broccoli (steamed just right), sio mai, shrimp balls (mmm, another favorite), shrimp on the sugar cane (one of my hubby's favorites), pork buns (another hubby's favorite), egg tarts (one of my favorites, but then I saw the sesame balls... darn), and rice cakes (love this!). I had the hot tea (good stuff, so fragrant) while he had water. We didn't finish everything- we had leftovers. Less than $26.00 plus tip. Maybe next time we won't wait so long, to come again.  (BTW, there's way more other dishes (noodles, chicken feet, tripe, rice, wide noodles with shrimp, soup, etc.) that they have- the ones that we get, just happens to be our favorites.) The service is very good. We were seated right away, maybe because were just a party of two. The server brought us drinks right away (and refills too). Although, very busy, the servers are pretty quick, pushing the heavy food-filled carts to every table in the restaurant. Some of them speak english, some do not. If you're not clear (repeat yourself) you might get another dish by mistake. They stamp your card accordingly after you make your selections. When you have empty plates or containers on your table, someone comes over and grabs them. There are two sections to the restaurant. A bathroom is located in the lobby. There are TVs all around, but because there are so many diners, you only just see the screens and can't hear them. But that's ok, because you're in the company of good eats! This place has been around for years; the name might have changed a few times, but the food is still top notch. Definitely still The place for Dim Sum. I'm getting the sesame balls next time instead of the egg tarts.
4	Nice place for quality and reasonably priced dimsum.  Restaurant  is older, but has a comfortable, large dining room.
4	This is good dim sum, good variety but I think a little more expensive than Chang's.  They have 2 different kinds of egg custard tarts YUM!
4	I love Orchids. The only other dim sum place I've been to in Las Vegas was Ping Pang Pong.. and they were pretty good but expensive.Anyway, went on a Friday afternoon for lunch. It was about 1pm and it was actually quite empty. We got seated, and right away, the ladies are coming around with their carts full of delicious dim sum. I have the hardest time ordering stuff here because in Hawaii, we call everything by a different name! Its so confusing! haha.We ordered:Chicken Char-siu Bao (manapua!) - I thought it was good, they are mini and the filling wasn't char-siu but it was some sort of chicken. Shrimp Half moon - I really don't know what the chinese name of this is, but in Hawaii we call it half moon. Pork Hash - They were small but I thought they were kind of oily.. but good!Shrimp Rolls: I call it look fun back home, but none of the ladies knew what the eff we were talking about. It is the shrimps wrapped with a sheet of rice paper with shoyu type sauce poured all over it. This is my favorite thing to order. Eggplant w/Shrimp Paste: This was kind of cold by the time we got it, but it was ok. I ordered the bellpepper stuffed with this paste previously.. but I like the eggplant one better.The service is quick. If it is not too busy, the ladies will come up to you every single time they come around.. even if you said you didn't want what was on their cart. We had to ask a few times for the shrimp rolls in the flat rice noodle, after about the 3rd time asking, the lady went to find that cart and brought the dish to us. After about 6 plates, out bill was under $20. I've been wanting to try some other dim sum places.. but I like Orchids because its a big space and the dim sum is pretty good.
4	Surprisingly quick service and short wait time for a table of 12 even at 1pm on a Sunday.  Lots of variety of dim sum to choose from.  Good thing food is right in front of you and ready to eat because I was HUNGRY.  The ladies that work the carts of food around the restaurant are friendly and helpful, even though they are persistent in trying to get you to buy more.  I usually eat dim sum in Westminster at Seafood Cove (previously Dragon Phoenix).  This place's dim sum was better, in my opinion.  Not as salty and leaving you parched for lots of water as Seafood Cove.  All in all, a great place to eat with family while in Vegas.  We order a lot of dishes and were completely stuffed. The bill was $160 before tax and tip.
5	For LV, this place sure knows how to make good dim sum.  I've only been here once, and it was just as good (possibly even better) than Seafood Paradise in Westminster.  After a night of clubbing and drinking this really hit the spot.1.  The place looks ok, I think they can fix it up a little, but it's not gross or anything.  Regular cloths, uncomfortable chairs, not too roomy to walk around.  It's not too bad, but definitely not a first date location.2.  The service is pretty good.  They were attentative, fast, and courteous.  They brought us the dishes quickly and were eager to serve.  The water refills came every so often, and they brought us rice as well.3.  The food was so fresh and delicious.  I don't know if it was because it was so fresh and I was hung over or if it is just the cooks there, but the food was PERFECT.  It was a perfect brunch for 12 of us.  We literally cleaned out all of their carts and the restaurant had to wait about 10 mins for more dim sum.  And once that came out, we did some damage to that too.  The total bill for us was $12.50 per person, and that's including tax and tip.  Seriously!  That cheap to feed all of us with delicious Chinese Brunch?  Win!!This is definitely a great dim sum place for Vegas.  I'll hit this place up again for sure when I'm in the mood for something off the strip.
3	Where did the shumai go?!?! It shrank at Orchids, that's for sure. I don't know if its fair to compare this place to any Dim Sum spots that I've been to in a Chinatown in SF or LA. But I've tasted better, and I will. Honestly, the Dim Sum wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. I walked in and it definitely looked and smelled like the usual Chinese restaurant but the food definitely didn't taste like one. The breaded shrimp balls were of usual size but it came with only two pieces. I don't think I've ever been to a Dim Sum spot where they only serve you two pieces of anything, its usually 4. This has to be bad Feng Shui. Like I brought up earlier, they were also serving the smallest shumai that I've EVER seen. The pork buns were delicious due to the fluffy white bread with glaze on top, but there was hardly any pork, they should just call it BUN! I know we are in a recession, but geez, don't make it so obvious! Its a bit far from the strip and the prices are decent. With the size of their dishes it better be affordable. This is the only Dim Sum place that I've tried in LV and I know all the other ones are a bit more pricey, so this may be a good spot for locals but not if you've been to any Chinatown before. I would only comeback if friends decide to comeback, otherwise I would pass.The only positive is that we were able to sit 24 people instantly. Which is A-OK in my book!
2	"DO YOU WANT TO TRY THE CARL?"Uhhh is that the only thing you have here at Orchids Garden?After an entire weekend of debauchery, eating the greatest foods, a saturday night partying in XS, I expected so much more from a highly yelped place.Dim Sum all day:I don't understand this concept because i cannot fathom what happens right when we leave, more dimsum will either magically appear or you will close for a couple hours and reopen again for the hung-over and hung-ry.Like my friend Jeff C. said last night, "Shumai was like honey i shrunk the kids" Because it was so little i questioned if i was really eating it or it was another Las Vegas desert mirage.I've had bad dimsum before in San Diego, but man, it feels like, this is the absolute worst I have had. Its not that it was disgusting, but the whole idea of the little carts coming around and you choosing from a plethora of dim sum options was non existent and I was left sorely disapppointed. The only think i had here was a potential to meet some people that i apparently danced the night away with... If i could remember them.Unlike a night of partying with some major cuties, Orchids Garden left me with the smallest figment of resonating memories.And why does everyone who works here look strange... and not speak a lick of engrish.And no, I do not want to try the Carl. You have offered it 8 times.Sooty L., Did we go to the same place because the place you are describing, Jeff C. and I wish we went there instead.
4	Okay... I have only lived in Las Vegas for about 2 years now.  The only two places that I have had Dim Sum is at Cathay House (4x's) and Orchid Gardens (first time here).Honestly, Cathay House has gotten a bit downhill.  So, after this experience, I kinda prefer this place now.  By the way, when I lived in London, we used to have Dim Sum with my clients every Sunday.  After a year of this, I don't frequent Dim Sum as much...lol..Anyways, my aunt, uncle, and cousin invited me and the wife for a "free" lunch at Orchid Gardens.  Hey man, with a mortgage and expenses, the old saying, "if it is free, it is for me" truly applies.  Heck yeah, I accepted.  LOL...We went on Sunday afternoon.  It was jammed pack.  We had to wait about 30 minutes.  When we got a table, it was difficult to maneuver through.  Service -- Well, let's start with the good.  The cart comes around quite frequently.  And, the ladies are very nice.  By the way, they hardly speak a word of english.  I think they are either Vietnamese, Chinese, or a mix of other Asian ethnicity.  But, they are all sweet and polite.  As for getting water or drinks.... Good luck.  Sometimes, I often wish that I bring a big bright flashing red light to alert waiters or bus people to our station for water or any other needs.  Overall, I give this a 3.5 (due to the nice ladies)Food -- okay, for the life of me, my wife loves chicken feet.  Why oh why?  It is basically bones and skin; but, she devours them.  For someone who weighs 85 pounds, I can understand why.  Personally, I like the Shumai, the pork rib bones, anything with shrimp stuffed in it, and sticky rice.  There are others; but, I don't know how to write it in english.  Overall, the food is very fresh and it is quite good.  By the way, I wish they had more vegetable dishes... i.e. chinese broccoli or bok choy.After our meal, our tab for about 6 people was barely under $100.  Not bad. I would recommend this place.  Enjoy!
4	My family and I come here often because we miss the dim sum in Hawaii.  After wandering (for 2 years in Las Vegas), we finally decided to make our way into Orchids this year.  I am so glad that we did!  The dim sum is reasonably priced and the selection is abundant.  I would best compare it to Happy Day Chinese Restaurant on Waialae Ave in Honolulu.  FYI, Saturday lunches are always so busy!  Expect to wait a few minutes to be seated.If you are looking for more "authentic" dim sum, then this isn't it, although they do have their fair share of dim sum from chicken feet in black bean sauce to steamed char siu bao.  My kids enjoy the shumai and the rice wrapped in lotus leaf the most.  But what they really go there for is the sweets!  Lotus bean jin dui (sesame balls filled with lotus or red bean) is ever so present there, just like in Hawaii (yay!).  And often, but not always, they have the cart going around serving you this sweet tofu dessert.  It's a freshly made silken tofu served hot in a sweet ginger-infused syrup.  I'm not sure what they call it in Chinese, but the cart ladies go around asking "sweet tofu?  sweet tofu?"  I know it's made there fresh, because the owner (I think she is one), always reminds us (she knows us that much) that a fresh one is being made ready in 5 minutes or so.The one thing we would love to see happen is Orchids being open for morning breakfast/brunch.  In Hawaii, it is common to have dim sum for breakfast.  But here in Las Vegas, not so common.  Too bad.The staff is friendly, as friendly as any Chinese restaurant staff could be...if you haven't been to a Chinese restaurant, don't expect too much in polite, unhurried style of service.  They don't speak English very well, but I would still recommend to stick it out and try it, or just go with someone who knows how and what to order.If you're from Hawaii, you will probably run into a few local residents who used to live in Hawaii.  That's what I like about Orchids...feels like as if we were home again...
3	I haven't found another place like this in Vegas, so there really isn't any other place to compare it to.  It's a dim sum place that serves everything like you would find on the streets of Hong Kong.  These carts come around with steamed dim sum and you choose what you want, as much of it as you want.  They also have a regular menu for those who shy away from cart food or dim sum altogether.  I tried their menu and it's decent but isn't the best I've had.  Overall, great place for some good eats when you're on a time crunch and want some dumplings.  I like it, and it's very popular, but unfortunately I cannot say that I'm a fan nor is it as good as it gets.  To be honest, I like the shumai at Noodle No. 9 in Caesar's Palace, but for any other type of dim sum this restaurant has it.  You want dim sum?  Try here.  It's fun dining!
3	We went there 2 weeks back and I already don't remember the food.It was not horrible, but it wasn't amazing either.
4	I went to this place on a weekday to avoid the crowds. the food came out fast as the dim sum ladies are very good and hits everyone table. food choice was excellent. the fried shrimp dumpling was excellent as well as the haw gaw and si mui. the place is very nice and clean , large dining room and easy parking . excellen choice for out of towners
3	Dim Sum or lazy man's buffet?Orchid Garden looks very impressive as you pull in to the parking lot.  When I saw the sign advertising Dim Sum all day, I was elated.  It was like a snow day on a day you didn't do you homework.I was seated in the busy restaurant and ready to nosh!  Dining here when it is busy reminded me of the crowded China Town streets of Chicago more than the food did.  Waitresses are running up and down the aisled with carts full of various small bites (Dim Sum).  While I liked the variety, I was not blown away by any one dish.The pork buns, fried calamari, and shrimp puff all had very similar flavors, as if they were seasoned using the same ingredients.  They weren't bad, but did not taste that fresh.  I was reminded of buffet food, which is usually fine but not spectacular.  The regular menu here has some very interesting and authentic dishes.  (Sea Cucumber, various fungi, etc..)  The Dim Sum is really just like going to a Chinese buffet and not getting out of your seat when you want more.To dine here without waiting very long, try coming at off times or during lunch on a weekday.  It is decent Chinese food at fair prices, but the Dim Sum leaves a lot to be desired.
4	So I came here once before but it was never for the Dim Sum. I noticed that they have Dim Sum all day which is weird to me since most places here stop serving Dim Sum around 2 or 3pm. I've been to a couple places that are popular here in town, but most we tried never left a good impression by the end of our meal. The last time I ever had good Dim Sum was in Hawaii, which is where I am from. So finding a place here in Vegas which had decent Dim Sum was a chore in itself. My parents and I went out to have Dim Sum since it was their anniversary, and we decided to give Orchids a shot. We were surprised, the flavor was definitely not lacking and the prices where a bit higher than other places, but not too much-quite reasonable. The selection wasn't bad either, it wasn't on the more authentic side but it was enough for everyone to enjoy and feel satisfied. We went there on a Thursday around 3p and it was a little busy but not so busy to where you are waiting for a table, we were seated right away. I am glad that my parents were quite pleased, and I was too. We will be back!
4	Took a buddy here for lunch the other week.  I had never been here before and we were both starving.  Little did I know how ridiculously aggressive the dim sum servers were.  Do they work on commission or something?  Man.  We had 7 plates on our table within 3 minutes of sitting down because our eyes were bigger than our stomachs.  The servers annoyed my friend to no end but I actually found it pretty comical.  All the usual suspects for dim sum here and all done well.  I'll definitely be back.
4	This morning it was Dim Sum Sunday at our house. Everyone was unanimous today. We like going first thing, as soon as it's open, we beat the Sunday crowds but sometimes the carts a little slow coming out. Today they were spot on! My husband and I don't understand what they are saying as they stop at the table, he just looks at what they are pointing to and he nods yea or nay. Since we have family in town it was a double yea on most offerings. My favorites are anything with shrimp, the sticky buns both steamed and baked, they usually have pork inside, love the eggplant, and today there was a dumpling with pork, chopped veggies and peanuts, it had a little spice to it as well, kinda reminded me of kung pow something. This place is always busy, good for two or for twenty. Very loud, vibrant atmosphere were there is lots of activity. The staff are attentive and ready to assist. For Dim Sum in Vegas, this place hits top of the list for me!
4	This morning decided to take my Mom from HI , and Brother visiting from San Antonio, tx to Orchids our favorite dim sum restaurant in LV. This might b a vague review , I'm sorry but most of the dim sum we ordered I have no idea what the nameswere, just point at what looks good and hope it's not offals.           The char siu bao both steamed and baked very good , the fillings in both were perfect both flavor and texture.          They had alot of shrimp dishes , shrimp stuffed eggplant, tofu and in sheet noodles. We also had the shrimp ball on sugar cane.  The lotus leaf wrapped rice w/ pork was tasty . Mom loved the turnip cake I think that's what it was.. We had alot of other dim sum that were very good , in general everything tasted good .               Service was good, not as pushy as other yelpers experienced, carts came around quickly. We really enjoyed ourselves , i don't think u can go wrong here , we've been here maybe a dozen times and we still come back .
4	Overall I believe this restaurant has the best dim sum in the valley. They serve it all day every day, but the best time to go for the most freshly made dim sum is Saturday or Sunday at lunch time. That is when they are most busy for dim sum. So it'll be a bit of a wait, but this is when it'll taste the best. There are many restaurants in the valley that serve dim sum, but Orchids Garden (in my opinion) offers the widest variety of tasty dim sum dishes and the most authentic dim sum eating atmosphere.Never be shy about asking the ladies pushing the food carts what they have. They may be hard to understand, but they WANT you to order stuff from them, so they will be glad to show you. Be brave and try things you normally wouldn't eat. You may be surprised by some new delicious flavors.
3	This is Las Vegas. So I have to tone down my perception of food quality in general.  And I've been to this restaurant 3 times in the past 24 months, at different time.It served Dim Sum all day. But as expected, the dim sums after the rush hour, i.e. at night, was awful. During lunch hours when the foods were fresh, and abundant. The variety has been standard. Nothing too surprising. Lots of fried foods for American.The price, as in all Las Vegas, was higher for what it's worth. For 2 people the last time we ate there, it's $30 for 10 items. Egg tarts are medium price (all places I've been to charged low price). The chow mien was a bit bland. The Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was very tender on the stalk.So diners, it's good to have dim sum here during busy hour. For tourists, it's Las Vegas. Get used to it.
3	Not a bad place to get your Dim Sum fix.  Its certainly cheaper than places on the strip for the tourist...aka..me.  Having tried Changs as well, this place is a little better and a little more expensive than Changs but way cheaper than the wallet draining strip dim sum places. (Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian...etc)  Arrived here on a weekday at around 11am and plentiful seats was to be found. By 1pm the restaurant was 3/4 full. I imagine being busier on the weekends. At least there was a selection of teas (Heurn Peen, Teet Goon Yum, Bo Lei...sorry for the ching-lish translation...lol) aka not the typical green tea,  tea bag in a kettle tea.Ordered:Har Gow - Shrimp dumplings - 3/5Sui Mai - Pork Dumplings - 4/5 - Pretty goodHa Cheung - Shrimp Rice Roll in Soy Sauce - 4/5Dan Tat - Egg tart - 2/5 - small and custard was too firm/chalky tasteChow Mein - 2/5 - Oily but tastyPei Dan Sow Yook Jook - 1000 year old egg, pork congee - 3/5Jeen Dui - Sesame Glutinous Ball - 2/5 - wheres the filling?Boa Loa Bow - Pineapple Bun - 4/5 - Yum!Fong Jou - Chicken Feet - 4/5 - TastyAnd a veggie steamed roll ...name escapes me in both Chinese and 'engrish'...lol4/5.Atmosphere was typical Chinese dim sum with a few yells here and there from the servers.  Don't usually recommend sitting by the kitchen anywhere else, but its a prime spot for dim sum restaurants as you get the first picks/selections and everything is steaming hot.Total with tip was $35 for 2 people.The selection was certainly there and could of tried much more...aka spring rolls, veggie dishes, stuffed green peppers, tofu dessert...etc but 10 dishes for 2 people was 'pant sized-up' enough...lol.Certainly far from the best Ive tasted but passable to get your fix in.
4	I'd say even better than Cathay House and they are pretty good. Great variety of dim sum, good service, great hot and iced tea. Lots of Asians eat here, so you know it's good.
4	Love their dim sum!  And it's all day which is a rare find, anywhere..  Their shrimp in rice noodle is the best, but they didn't have it the last time I went in, which is why they don't get five stars..  Oh, and the customer service was great, the lady even gave us calendars to take home..
3	Went here with the family for lunch. The tea was excellent. Some of the cart pushers were a little too aggressive with their sales pitch.
2	The only reason I really go here is the fact that they have dim sum ALL DAY. I haven't found any other places in Las Vegas that do this [ if you know one, let me know =p]. It isn't the best dim sum I've had, but it satisfies me when I crave dim sum. Service ranges from bad to mediocre. One time, a lady was heading toward our table with the cart... but saw a bigger party seated two tables after us, told us to wait and skipped us to go to them, and then came back once she was finished at their table. It's also pretty hard to get them to refill whatever it is you're drinking.They also don't clean underneath the tables once people are done eating. So if eating at a booth, be sure to NOT look under the table if you don't want to be disgusted. Prices are what you would find at any other dim sum restaurant.
4	Dim Sum at all hours and very friendly service.I arrived late, past 9pm so i was getting the left over plates but can't complain. The waitress also hand made my moo-shu pork burritos and gave us Chinese calenders when we left.
3	Decent Dim Sum. Nothing special.  Cathay house is still my favorite.
3	Went for the first time a couple days ago.  My aunt lives in Vegas and recommended the place.  Overall the place was good, not the best dim sum ever, but pretty good.  Took a party of 7; half had never eaten this type of Chinese food, but they really liked it.A couple really good things; 1) they serve dim sum all day not just morning/lunch time; you can get chow mein off the cart in individual sizes vs. having to order a huge plate.Cart service was pretty quick and came by often, wait service was slow.Paid $71 plus tip for 7 people.When in Vegas again, I would definitely go back.
3	Yummy. Friendly service and tasty food.
4	Food: 4/5Service: 3/5Cleanliness: 4/5Decor & Style: 3/5The best part about this place is that you can eat Dim Sum anytime of the day! Overall good typical Dim Sum place with lots of space.
4	Good Dim Sum.  Be aware.  They come at you fast and furious with the plates right as you sit down---like Pirahna, only they have a veracity to feed you.  Many good choices.  A little heavy on the pork options.  Still very flavorful and hot. Great mango pudding/jello. So many things to sample and too small a belly.
4	Went for dim sum.  It was moderately busy, but the carts came around often.  The food was decent and the staff friendly.
3	I went here with a meetup group for Chinese New Year's Eve dinner, which is apparently the most important meal of the year. Our organizer went ahead and ordered for the two tables that we occupied. As a result, I don't know the names of the dishes we had, but it was a pretty good spread. There was fried whole fish, some sort of century egg stew, baby bok choy, fried chicken, pork in peking sauce (I think), walnut shrimp, a sampler plate containing things like jellyfish and tongue, and probably a couple more dishes. Everything was pretty good overall, but nothing was amazing. The Chinese people in our group had some gripes. For example, the baby bok choy was really regular bok choy. Also, one of the sizzling dishes originally came out on a regular plate. They then took it back and pretty much just re-served it on a sizzling plate. Finally, they didn't have the dessert that our group was hoping for. Instead, we just got a plate of oranges.The restaurant is pretty large by Vegas standards. It seems to be in a weird and isolated location though. I'm not sure if I'd ever return, but I like the fact that they serve Dim Sum all day. That could be worth trying some day.
3	The dim sum here is decent, but it's the only dim sum we've gone to while in Vegas. The workers (cart pushers...ok that sounds bad...servers?) constantly push you to order what's on the carts. The cai lan (chinese broccoli) is already steamed and sitting in a cart with windows....I find that odd, but I love this dish so much I ordered 2.The food is OK compared to other dim sum places I've been to. The place is pretty clean and very roomy. The service is quick and practical. The wait isn't long (about 5 minute wait) and our party of 10 ended up paying approximately $14 bucks per person! :) Great deal for all the Chinese food we ate. I would definitely come back again next time I'm in town and need something to fill up my hungover self. The new years candy (milky strawberry candy) is deeeeelish! Grab a handful as you depart the restaurant! I wouldn't know where to find it for the life of me.
5	we've been to vegas three or four times in the past year and this is the only restaurant we've gone back too every time. we love this place. dim sum is good and there's a good selection to choose from. we laugh every time because our table is full of food before we put our napkins in our lap. we always leave FULL and happy.
3	Dim sum here is better than the other dim sum houses I've been to in LV, and probably a bit more expensive too - but the service can be a bit hurried and difficult to get the specific dimsum dishes you want, especially because the restaurant is so busy. I love that I can get dim sum all day and that's why we'll keep coming back. Going right at opening, 10:30 on Saturday morning, was great so we could beat the rush and be seated right away. We also ordered a 1/2 duck which was pretty typical and good; the sweet ginger tofu dessert is really good here!
4	OMG ! go to this restaurant for Dim Sum. top notch quality. fresh, authentic and yummy. they are just west of Decatur Blvd. at South jones blvd. intersection. south east corner. you cant miss it. and the staff are really efficient and NICE with a sense of humor. meaning they smile. this is super good DIM SUM go and then thank me :)))
1	I've been here several times with family since I was a kid. The service is like many of the Chinese restaurants in Vegas. BAD! Which is fine, since I'm used to it by now, but my last experience here made me never want to come back.I decided to come here one day craving Dim Sum. It was the closest location to my school so I decided to pay Orchid Garden a visit. I went in, glad to see there was no line, made I contact with at least 3 different people and had to wait 10 minutes before I was seated. I understand if it is not your job as a cart pusher to seat customers, but I'm sure you have the ability to sit me down at a table or at least notify the host to seat me.Once I was seated, I wanted ordered my usual Har Gow, Siu Mai, Chow Fun, and Shrimp balls; however, after being served cold shrimp balls and Siu Mai, I couldn't eat any more of the food they were serving. The 5 waitresses running around the restaurant didn't ever have time to check and ask if "everything is okay" or if there's "anything I need.." So I helped myself and my girlfriend to the counter, asked for the check, left no tip and walked out.I highly recommend eating at Cathay or Chang's for Dim Sum. They are alot friendlier and the food is much better.
4	Having grown up in San Francisco, I realize that our options for good Chinese food in Las Vegas are pretty limited. I'm happy with Orchids Garden. I enjoy the food here from shrimp options to the noodles. The service is decent here although I'll admit that the service is better when I go with my Chinese mother as opposed to my husband or friends. I love their ALL DAY dim sum which is totally unusual but perfect for my late-in-the-day dim sum cravings.
4	My new place for dim sum in Vegas. Everything seems to be well prepared and not too greasy. Would give only three stars, but the egg custard buns are simply amazing. I've never had better. So fluffy and perfectly soft and firm in all the right places. What was I talking about?
3	OMmmmmg try the baked BBQ pork buns. Please. It's worth it. I think they hired someone who previously worked at Krispy Kreme, got their donut dough recipe, and then shoved tasty pork inside. For the rest of it: 3 stars. It's a good place, probably the best in town. But if you know the real thing, Orchids Garden doesn't quite stand up to it.
3	For all the Hawaii residents:  This place has all the Manapua Truck grinds; fried noodles, pork-hash, fried taro, steamed and baked manapua, seasame seed balls (gindoi), and rice cake.  I  like that I can eat Dim-Sum anytime of the day.  The food is already prepared and the hustling service is quick, so you can satisfy your appetite in less than 30 minutes.
4	Considering that the valley isn't oversaturated with dim sum restaurants, the dim sum at Orchids Garden is pretty good. It's a pretty big restaurant and I think the quality of their dim sum slightly less than other places but that wouldn't deter me from coming here again. I'm guessing because they offer dim sum all day, quality might not be as good as places that offer it at a limited time. I usually don't experience a wait here and the carts come by my table pretty often which I like. The only time I waited, which wasn't too long, was when my fiance and I treated our mothers to a mother's day bunch. Not too shabby!  The biggest plus is that Orchids offers more variety selection of desserts than other dim sum places. (ie not just mango pudding and egg tarts but fruit tart, tofu, mango pudding and some sort of fruit cup)
1	This was our breakfast before we headed back home after our mini vacation in SIn City. After reading good reviews about this place the BF and I decided to give it a try and sadly we were disappointed! First off they didn't open until 10:30, shouldn't dim sum be open at 8?! When they finally opened we got seated right away but service was VERY slow as there was only ONE CHART walking around to serve 12+ tables with families waiting for some dim sum. I don't know why it's so packed but it must be good right? .....WRONG!!! .....When the lady finally came up to us there wasn't a lot of selection to choose from and the usual items that we get back home weren't that good at all. The shu mai was okay I give them that but  the chicken feet was disgusting and everything else didn't taste fresh at all. Totally would not eat here again!
4	Went here for dim sum on a Sunday afternoon. Got there at about 1:30, had to wait a little bit (15 mins) to get seated. It's not too bad of a wait because food comes right away once you are sat.  I like the variety of authentic dim sum here.  They seem to be pretty fresh and tasty.  We went there a little late so the congee was sold out.  :( Probably have to go back earlier some other time. Staff were friendly, especially the ladies pushing the carts. Price is reasonable, will definitely come back again.
4	Good food, though sometimes it is really hard to get good service at dim sum restaurants. I've learned that if you want a quick dim sum fix without having to wait for the food or deal with the usual service, I just go there and ask for take-out.
4	I came here with my boyfriend and his friend (and friend's wife). Being Chinese, from NJ, and having spent a good amount of time having dim sum in Chinatown, NY or in Queens, I thought it was pretty good. We had a lot of the familiar dishes -- ha gow , loh bok goh, cha siu bao, siu mai (steamed shrimp dumplings, turnip cake, steamed pork buns, pork dumplings respectively)-- as well as others that I didn't know (and unfortunately, I don't remember what they were). I thought they were decent.We also had dau fu fa (it's basically tofu with sweet syrup) except that I never had it the way this place served it: hot and with ginger-flavored syrup. Maybe it's not even called a syrup; it's waterier than what I'm used to. It was good, but I prefer it the way I've always gotten it in Chinatown, NY -- cold and just with the plain sweet syrup. Their tofu was also already broken down.  When my parents got us this snack (from here, I believe: http://www.yelp.com/biz/fong-inn-too-new-york), it was whole, in a deli pint container because we usually got them to go. It came with a few disposable condiment containers full of syrup. We sliced up the tofu ourselves and enjoyed it cold.One thing I thought was weird was that they didn't have any oyster sauce  (ho yau). What Chinese establishment doesn't carry oyster sauce?! When you order loh bok goh in NY, you get oyster sauce with it. They said they didn't have any, but they offered to give me hoisin instead. I said okay, I'll try it. I was reluctant to eat it that way, but I dabbed a bit on the first piece, tasted it, and found that my expectations for this new combination were correct -- it was gross. I finished off that piece and ate the other two plain. Maybe next time I go, I should bring my own little container of oyster sauce so I can enjoy the loh bok goh way I always have.Other than that, a good experience. I may try Ping Pang Pong someday. Like someone mentioned in a review for there, the name didn't seem to indicate authentic dim sum was served, but that reviewer said s/he was proven wrong...Bah, so mind boggling how a dim sum restaurant doesn't have ho yau. It's sacrilegious.Man, I really miss being at home.
2	Had dinner here and the food was good but the service needed to be improved. We ordered the Peking duck and it was delicious. The complimentary soup was good and the vegetables were tasty. However the biggest negative was the service. The waiters seemed like they didn't want the be there and looked like zombies. We had a 10% off coupon and when we showed it to our waiter, she told us to cut it out of the newspaper before they can take it. When they delivered the food to us, they didn't smile or seemed to acknowledge us. They just dropped off the food and left.I would not recommend this restaurant based on the service we received. The food was good, but forgettable.
4	Best Dim Sum place that I can find in Vegas so far. The place is very dated, decor wise. Not as glamorous as most dim sum houses in California. But the food is pretty good and reasonably priced.
4	OK, so this is not PF Chang so don't expect American standard customer service... This is a REAL Chinese joint where servers speak very little English, but food is also REAL Chinese/authentic, not panda-express kinda BS, so who cares if those old ladies were a bit rude. What did we have over there... Shark fin dumplings were definitely the hit. Chinese Broccoli, Ha Gow, Siu Mai, Shrimp Balls, Sticky Rice, and Congee. Probably the best in Vegas, it's open all day so I will definitely repeat.
4	Dim sum... All day!? I have the option to get my dim sum fix for dinner?  Pretty cool.Not the best dim sum, but still tasty.  Items seem small, had to order more items than usual to get full.
4	Dim sum from open to close... which isn't till 10:30pm! GENIUS!!!
4	Great place for Dim Sum.  I stumbled on this place by driving from my massage at Massage Pro.  There was a sign outside that said "best of vegas 2009."  I thought, let's roll the dice and see if this place is any good.All the dishes are very tasty.  Reminds of the dim sum that I get in the bay area.  The prices seem reasonable.Didn't notice any rude service.  Just typical of any Dim Sum place.
4	Best dim sum in Las Vegas.  All the dishes we had were well executed and delicious:- Spinach/pork dumplings- Peanut dumplings- Shrimp dumplings- Eggplant stuffed with shrimp (so good that we got two of these)- Steamed pork buns (they also had baked pork buns, which we'll try next time)- Long rice noodles stuffed with shrimp- Sesame seed balls, stuffed with red bean paste- Egg custard cups (with the flakiest crust I've had with these)All of this wonderful food was extremely reasonably priced ($26 including tax).While the restaurant was packed, we were seated right away in a very comfortable booth.  The service was attentive, the restaurant was clean and the food was delicious.Most of the staff only spoke a few words of English, and neither of us speak Chinese, but the staff tried hard to explain things to us and were much, much nicer than the staff at Changs (which I won't even go to any more because of how rude they were to me and how poorly we were treated there).I would come back here in a nanosecond.
2	the food quality was good but their service was terrible. it was so slow and they wouldn't come by with the carts they were just standing around and talkin among each other (the workers) we paid out bill and was waiting for the change.. and she took so long just talking with the cashier, we were like forget it. then we said just keep the tip and when we walked to the door the cashier said, " see i told you, you make them wait you get more tip" i was so pissed never again going there
4	I am a big fan of dim sum! and I have been coming here for years, actually its really the only place I get dim sum. I would recommend going before 3 (I believe) because they raise the prices per dish after that.I would also recommend the pork shumai, shrimp wonton with mayonaise dressing, salty spicy squid, the barbecue pork bun, and the sweet rice cake for dessert!  and off the menu order the yang chow fried rice. 2 people can eat well for about $30 bucks. If you go on the weekend it gets busy around 11 and usually dies around 1ish. Sometimes its not that bad if it is busy because then the carts are always moving and passing you. Sometimes when it is slower you might have to wait longer for what you want to come around.
4	Dim Sum = Yum Yum. Staff here are quite friendly. This is the first time I've been to a dim sum place like this where they walk around with food carts asking if you want something. This was a great experience for me and I'm glad this place became my first. Dim Sum here is yummy I love the shrimp dim sum, I'm not much of sho mai fan, but from the looks of everyone else that had it, it seemed like it was good. What I found to be very delicious was the shrimp wontons! Those were delicious. Now because of this place I'm going to hunt down a dim sum place in the Bay Area similar to this. There was more on the menu/food cart that we didn't try, but everything we did try was yummmmy!When I come back I'll be sure to stop by here again.
4	I'm pretty impressed with their dim sum! I used to live in California and growing up, there were plenty of dim sum restaurants that were very good, but as I've gotten older, quality dim sum was harder to find. I've been here twice. The first time, I went mid-day and service was great! The ladies with the carts were coming by our table every few minutes. Our water/tea was constantly refilled and the staff was very friendly.The second I went, it was around 9:30pm and I'll be honest, I was expecting the dim sum to be old and perhaps dried out. To my surprise, the dim sum was still fresh and tasted delicious! Again, service was great at this hour and the staff, always so friendly.
2	In the past, I've always been here with my family because (to my knowledge) we didn't know of any other dimsum places, really. Well, it's been awhile since I went back (except recently) and of course, the service still lacks. I feel like the waitresses are always grumpy here. Can't even smile.The dishes are good, to me, because I really like the noodles and the crispy shrimp, but those sure add up. I've already found a new dimsum place to go to now, but the service here is pretty depressing. I feel like I have to climb a mountain just to be noticed sometimes.
4	Only been there once but would definitely want to go back again. All day dim sum! The food was good but it being dim sum, sometimes it freshly made and some if it was probably a few hours old and cold by the time it got to us. Went there early afternoon on a Saturday I think and it was fairly empty and they didn't have as many runners and food going around so it took a while for us to get a decent amount of food on our table. I don't know when their prime hours are but it's probably better if you go sometime around there where they're expecting to have a lot of people, thus more food being prepared and it being more fresh. I'd definitely go there again.Had two tvs but what they were airing was completely random. The big screen had a soccer game going on and there's another screen up front by the waiting area and that was airing Entertainment Tonight or something.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  Being located in Vegas, I wasn't expecting much out of a dim sum restaurant but this place really delivers.  Yes, there are better places in California but if you're craving dim sum and you're in Vegas, this is a great place to go.
1	Gross!  Cockroach sitting right on the table!  Never coming back.
4	I finally found the dim sum place to go to in las vegas. It takes me to four restaurant to find good enough standard to eat dim sum too, but I finally found the one. I ate at changs and I thought, ok this place sucks. I try ping pang pong and thought ok, good food, worse service and dang slow, why would I eat there again and dont even get me started with harbor palace, that place just horrible. But I finally found one that I like. Food portion are smaller, service are ok, food cart are quick and dim sum quality almost match those in san gabriel valley.So if you are from los angeles california who have standard for high quality dimsum and already can stomach those dreadful service in LA dimsum place. This place will feel like home far away from home.
2	Hadn't been here for dim sum in a long time, now I remember why - mediocre, overpriced and this time we got the teeniest siu mai and har gow I've ever seen. Looking at other people pics, maybe the chef was feeling stingy today, but wtf. Its one of the only places that has all day dim sum, so that's the only reason I ended up at orchid garden. I was also unpleasantly surprised that their shrimp won ton is $4.15 there - its listed on the menu, but guess they call it fried shrimp ball there? Or they overcharged since I'm not Chinese. Who knows, and regardless ill stick to my usual Cathay House from now.
1	this one not even deserve for one star ! after talking to this lady manager , she is so unpolite we are trying to book over 100 -200 + ppl , bring in more businessbut this lady is ridiculous refused to help us out ! - bad customers services-no one care about you in the restaurant -food not fresh -dirty kitchen -bad attitude -worst restaurant in las vegas- never ever come back to this restaurant -worst services in any kind type of restaurantpeople should banned this one forever !!!!! just go near the kitchen area ...i am sure you wont go any more ! sick sick sick sick placeover priced , over priced ! cant even get a nice quiet meal without seeing something stupid !
4	This is the only place in Las Vegas I come to for dim sum. I take family and friends here when they come visit as well. The restaurant is big and every Sunday for brunch it's always bustling with crowds. That's how you determine a Chinese restaurant is good, it's when there is always a crowd or line to get a table.I like this place because they actually have the dim sum carts come around, which is traditional. I don't really enjoy dim sum places where you order first from a piece of paper and then they bring it to you. Beats the fun in eating dim sum! You get all the typical dim sum favorites like har gow and siu mai. But my highlights are the pan fried egg noodles and pan fried shrimp and chives dumplings! And always to top off my dim sum I get the pineapple bun or tofu fa!
3	We come here for Dim Sum when in Vegas...It's good, affordable and well... Nothing mind blowing...Good enough, friendly enough... Not much else to say about this place... Typical Dim Sum hall
3	This restaurant has some of the better dim-sum, but it's definitely not the greatest.The service is not that good. When we were seated at our table, the waitress just plopped our water glasses on the table and walked away. The dim-sum servers just take things too seriously. It's not like we're going to eat everything! Now the food was good, but not delicious. The shu-mai and the spare ribs were some of my favorites. The har-gow was also OK. If you want something a little more "weird", try the chicken feet or the tripe. It's relatively clean and sanitary.A stereotype dim-sum restaurant where the food is decent and the dim-sum servers take it too seriously. I would try some other dim-sum restaurants before trying Orchid's.
2	I found this place online with pretty good reviews. However, coming from the bay area, I had high expectations. It turned out the food wasn't very good. I'm sure the food had MSG as I was feeling thirsty after eating. However, being in the middle of the desert, it's difficult to find good dim sum place. I'd give them credit for trying.
4	From my visits to Hong Kong and various China towns, i have come to realize a good Dim Sum place  has several things in common. Very poor customer service and high noise level. Orchids Gardens have both. They will come around and force their food on you. Every cart claims to  have the best food. And every cart does have great Sum Sum. Some of my favorites are the crispy pork balls and the stuffed eggplant. Keep in mind their portions are on the small side.
5	Best dim sum ever.  Ive been to a bunch of places all over nyc and nothing compares.  nothing!  this is my one must do whenever im in vegas.  Everything is delicious.
5	This is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been too! Dim Sum is served all day and service here is one the best. They were able to fit pretty much the whole entire family together. Any restaurant that can accommodate my entire family is pretty a winner in my book. Most of the time we have a party of anywhere from 16-25. Most restaurants will split us into 2 tables and it bugs me. Even though they were able to accommodate us, the food here is good too!We ordered so much food! The pan fried noodles here, are awesome from the menu! The beef fried rice was really tasty too! The best part was the dim sum! Har Gow and shrimp rice noodle are a few of my favorites here. What I couldn't get enough of was the fried shrimp and onion. I've never had it before and I've never seen it on any of the dim sum places nearby my home. It came with a dip, it was definitely mayo but it had other stuff in too. I didn't ask but I think the other flavors in the dip were sesame oil and ginger. Sweet rice cakes and sesame balls for dessert was just pure bliss.
4	This place is an authentic Chinese restaurant. They have a great dim sum menu and have good service. The dim sum servers are a little pushy but other than that, this place is a must. Dim sum is served all day, unlike other places, so this place is already on top of my list for Chinese food cravings.
4	The shrimp balls are the bees knees!! I wish they had more places like this in LA, we got served really fast and the staff was friendly, LOVE the Jasmin tea, a little pricey but we only come here once every time we visit the city, and will keep on doing so.
3	They have decent dim sum, but the regular menu items are only acceptable.  Location is good and easy parking.
4	My brother and sister were in town and my brother's been wanting dim sum since we last had it in Orlando.  We were pretty excited to find that they served dim sum all day.  We had just experienced a dim sum restaurant in San Francisco that only served dim sum for lunch and we were expecting to have it for dinner. We were all first timers to Orchids Garden and have all decided... yes, we will be returning!We came on weekday evening around 6:30. There was no wait and were seated immediately. The dining area was huge... we couldn't even imagine what it's like on a busy night. Aside from our table, there were maybe 3 other tables that were occupied. Once 7:00 rolled around, people started coming in.  We came at a really good time.We devoured 21 dishes between the 4 of us. I don't know if that's average or excessive, but we were pretty hungry.  :P The food was a little on the salty side (for me, but no one else... some, not all) and the women behind the carts were a little pushy (which we expected from reading all the reviews), but still friendly.
4	It seems we crave dim sum always on Sundays!  However this place has it all the time, we always seem to find ourselves coming in early Sunday Morning.  We are always seated right away, and the carts start coming even before we have chance to get comfortable in our seats.  I leave the ordering to my husband who knows what most things are by sight but not by name.  I know which ones are my favorite and will tell him which ones to try again.You can't go wrong with shrimp dumplings, roast pork rolls, deep fried taro fritter and anything with eggplant! We usually load up and eat ourselves silly before the third cart comes around!  This place serves plenty of fresh dim sum, has fast service and easy to get in if you come early!  But be warned, we have come just as the doors opened only to miss out on some of the choices when they get busier, so your timing to arrive will influence your choices, so slow to eat, take your time, and enjoy.
4	I've been here twice and absolutely love it.  Next to LA, Orchid Garden is the best dim sum I've had. Our Italian grandparents actually introduced us to this fine establishment.The service is prompt, the food is delicious, and it's just plain dim sum yumminess. Upon sitting down, the carts are at your table. There's no time to waste on Dim Sum Sunday! They clean your tables pretty fast too, but don't let them rush you. Enjoy it.Most places use a lot of sesame oil in their dim sum items, not Orchid Garden. You leave satisfied... full.... but not wanting to sit in stretchy pants.Their pork buns (the ones in my picture) are lightly brushed with honey. The bun is fluffy and the pork isn't too "saucy". The mushroom shu mai is my favorite over the regular shu mai. It actually tastes like there is meat inside. If you're a fan of eggplant, try the fried eggplant (seen in my picture).  I'm not a huge fan, but even I loved this tasty morsel. The red bean sesame rolls are unreal - crunchy outside, steamy chewy inside, and the slightly sweet bite of red bean in the middle. The seaweed salad is meh. STick to the dim sum items and you can't go wrong.Be sure to check them out and remember it's meant to be eaten slowly! Sip that tea, digest, and grub down. ;-)
5	A great dim sum restaurant! My hubby and I usually go to a competitor but refuse to wait in line the last time we tired so came to Orchids Garden.  We found a new place for dim sum!  The food comes faster, is delicious and the service is EXCELLENT and very attentive!!  We will definitely be back.
4	When we first walked into the restaurant. There was an order that we couldn't help but think of a backup sewer. It was so bad that we thought of walking out but it was awkward when the waitress stood there asking us a few times to follow her. So, we shrugged and followed her into the dining area. We figure if it smells that bad in the dining area, we are outta there before you can say 'mooshoo'. . . but to our relief, the smell was not present. Since we came for dim sum, we readied our plates with some hot oil and soy sauce. Then the feast on wheels.. .the waitresses were pushing out the metal hot carts. We selected quite a few dishes. All was delicious. The presentation needs to be bit more worked on but heck, the taste buds aren't complaining. If you can get pass the smell at the front door, the dim sum is worth it.
4	I find myself coming here after getting my flex on at the gym. This place is great. I hated it whenever I missed the normal dim sum hours. All day dim sum?!? WHAT?!? I can't complain about the different shrimp and pork dumplings that they serve. "I'll try dat!"Their chile sauce has good kick to it. HIGH LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!The two items that stood out for me was the roasted duck and tripe. The roasted duck has the perfect crispiness to it accompanied with the perfect amount of fat. Every piece was greaZy and flavorful. MMMMM MMMMM!!! The lady gave me a hint. If you end up getting two orders of the duck for dim sum, just order a half duck on the regular menu. You'll save $4. EYE LIKE!!! NAAAAAAAAS!!! HOW MUCH!!! The tripe didn't change my life like how the roasted duck did, but the slight bitterness of it had me ordering more.Good food for sure.  I love to frequent this place. Thanks yallz for serving dim sum all day. ... These guys deserve at least 4.HIGH LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
5	I can't tell you how much I love this place. The food is excellent and the service wonderful. My husband and I have returned to this place a number of times recently and would guess that their service is better than most dim sum places. The dining room is large enough to accommodate multiple carts that return often tempting you to eat more or get extras to take home which is what we usually do. I'll be back again and again.
5	Initially, it was just my husband's fave. Now, I'm hooked myself! We come every month AT LEAST. Good service. Price isn't bad. Food's good too!
3	Good price and best when busy, carts keep coming. Have had some cold shrimp but over all they do a good job
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! After a horrible experience at a Korean place the night before, I was hesitant to try out this dim sum place in Vegas. Thankfully, it was a great experience. It was around 9:30 PM and the place was pretty empty except for a couple of other people, but they still had carts to bring around, which surprised me because most dim sum places will just serve when items are ordered. The food tasted amazing, full of flavor, and definitely not a disappointment. The ladies that worked their were very nice as well. I'll be sure to come visit again for sure the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	4 stars for dim sum in Las Vegas
4	This place must be good because out of 50 customers there were 2 Black ladies and my white self--and 47 Asians speaking Chinese.  I trust that means the food is authentic and good.I had a couple dim sum dishes but the best thing was the duck...OMG!  It was the first time in my life I ever had duck that I liked...no changed that to loved!  Go here for authentic Chinese, peeps..you won't be sorry!
3	This isn't the best dim sum ever; but for Vegas dim sum, it does the trick. It's a bit easier to go to sometimes than braving the craziness around Chinatown too; which is probably why I come here more often. I know a few of my friends have had a bit of difficulty ordering when they've come here but I haven't experienced that difficulty myself... Perhaps that's simply because my minimal Cantonese ONLY extends to ordering food. We often will just order take-out dim sum when we come here and usually that works out just as well. I've brought one large group here for Chinese New Year and it was easy and well organized. I think the three-star rating describes my feelings perfectly- A-OK.
4	DIM SUM ALL DAY! -- finding this place definitely makes me feel like a winner in Vegas. lol oh man, i get way too excited over food, but dont mind me.It was pretty late in the afternoon when we were driving around off of the strip looking for a place to have some chinese food and then we find this place. We had a rather large group but they were able to accommodate us quickly, which was nice. The restaurant has many large tables and the service was quick. We had many order of the pork shiu mai, the chinese broccoli and dumplings! The servers were not pushy and they were all rather friendly. The price was decent too. I will definitely be back to Orchids when I have those late night dim sum cravings in Vegas. Or maybe when I have a hangover-- you know how that is.
3	The ratio of customers to waitress/dim sum carter-ers was too little. I kept looking around for the next cart and only til the last cart did I get the shrimp har gao that I was craving.Their noodles were greasy and DELICIOUS =) Just what I wanted!And it's not as good (quality of food and quickness of carts) as Chang's but, not hating. I was craving dim sum and I got it at 9pm on Christmas Day!It did what it needed to do: satisfy me!
4	Been trying to find a good dim sum restaurant in Las Vegas. This place was pretty decent. Everything was very greasy and fatty which I love. This is better than most places around here. But still not as good as the dim sum places in Cali.
4	You win some... You lose some... Then you get Dim-Sum!Our Go-To dim sum spot ANY time of day. Yes, it's perfectly okay to have dim sum for dinner (break all rules!).  I can't spell the traditional names so I'm going to review in an american fashion.SHRIMP anything is delicious . The shrimp with sugar cane is good. The shrimp with fried crispie stuff is good.  The steamed shrimp and pork shumai is good. I mean, it's dim sum! Mostly Everything is good! I even like the chicken feet and the tripe! I guess what i can review best about is quality. Out of a few dim sum spots around town this place is my favorite. The food never disappoints!Service is somewhat lacking as my water was empty a few times before i had to flag down a waiter to refill me. Overall, if you want dim sum, ORCHID Gardens is the bee's knee's or the cat's pajama's..whatever you prefer.
3	Decent Dim Sum especially because they serve Dim sum at all hours of the day when traditionally Dim sum should be more of a morning / morning brunch never after 2pm. The dim sum here is decent, I usually go here because ping pang pong has a super long wait and so does Changs. Decent but does the job I should say. This place is huge and gets packed between the hours of 9am-2pm crazy busy. If you've never experienced Dim sum its a great experience. Asian ladies pushing around metal carts to each table with asking "what chu want wha chu want" HAHA sorry I must make fun of my people. Its a super loud place so be prepared to scream across your table (okay maybe I over exaggerated that just a bit). Well like I said decent, nothing really to comment about this place other than it serves dim sum all day. That's pretty much the only good thing about this place. Parking is horrible, the place has a super small and limited parking spots & we all know Asians suck at driving. So just imagine small parking lot & Asian drivers.
4	As usual, this place serves quality dim-sum and at a great price. Personally, there are only two decent dim sum restaurants in town and this is one. Overall, the food is great, service is on par and the prices fair. Some of my personal favorite dishes include the calamari, shrimp noodle and sesame bun with red bean.... Yumm..... Actually just typing that makes me want to go back. With regards to dim sum, I can only speak with regards to lunch. And yes... I will be back again, again and again. Good times Orchid Garden!
4	Foods pretty good, never had dim sum so I can't complain about anything :)
4	Awesome place to eat on a Sunday morning. Lots of dim sum options: bbq pork buns, shrimp and pork shumai, rich congee, crab claws, pork ribs and black bean, YUM!!! Service can be a little slow at times, but this place did fill up by 11:00. And the carts of goodies are trucking along. Not as great as some of the places in San Fran I've been to, but for Vegas it was great. $27 with tip- how can you beat it? I will be back for sure!
4	I Love this Place. Good Food Good prices Service is Good TooBut Sometimes the stuff is cold. I dont know how dim sum can be cold?????The springrolls are Not Good at all.
4	Dim sum is good.  The shrimp cheung fun is tasty.   They seem to run out of certains dishes by mid afternoon which seem silly if they serve dim sum all day.  I guess the early bird gets the best dim sum choices.   Service is mediocre like most chinese restaurants.  You could get death by dim sum cart if your not careful during busy times.  Atmosphere is noisy like any dim sum joint.  Overall I give them 4 stars for the variety and goodness of the dim sum.
3	If half stars were allowed, I'd give this place a 3.5My family and I went on Sunday for an early dinner and unlike dumplings which were usually served during tea time a.k.a. 'Yum Tsa' back in Hong Kong, this place served them all day and all night! We ordered the crab balls, siu mai, egg tarts and from the menu, house special pan fried noodles as well as chicken fried rice. Once they arrived, we stared at our plates as the food glistened in all that oil! No doubt it tasted pretttttttty good! The crab balls went perfectly with the fried rice and the egg tarts were a great way to end the night. With a cute serving of 3, my parents and I had one each! Atmosphere was pretty mellow. It gave me this deep sense of nostalgia for Hong Kong where I lived for 18 years. The service could do with some improvement although I would understand that working a whole day wouldn't really motivate a smile. Just a little less on the cold approach and I'd probably give this place a 4.5 :) Overall, it was a pretty pleasant experience, comparable to HK star only with more variety on the dumplings and reasonable prices throughout the day (HK star shoots up its prices for dinner)
2	Unless you speak Chinese then you need to skip this place because they definitely don't speak fluent English at this restaurant.  In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if a bunch of illegal aliens are working there.A group of us decided to go here for a dim sum lunch.  The women walking around with the carts of food don't speak English and they definitely don't smile.We could not decipher from the menu what was what from looking at the cart.  Eventually, we had to ask the Manager to come over, who also spoke very poor English, and walk us through the menu and the items on the cart.  Unless you sat near or in the aisles it was difficult for you see the food choices.The food was unmemorable.Dim Sum is traditionally affordable but I found out very quickly that 4 small items added up to $18.00.  Not one staff member was gracious or made us feel welcome & therefore I will not be returning.
2	Stopped in on Monday for dinner.  Saw the best in Las Vegas sign and do we decided to stop.  Prices-ok.  Selection-seen better at other dim sum places in Vegas. Flavor-had better at other dim sum places in Vegas. Service-good and friendly.Don't order the Cheong Fun.  It was thick. The Char Siew Pow was not bad.  Could have more meat it in. The Har Gau was not good. Small and shrimp was pasty. The beef ball was good.  Tan Tat was ok.  To thick of flacky crust not enough egg. Fung Chow and Pai Kuat was ok. Overall, it was ok.  Would not go back.  The reviewer for the best dim sum in Vegas obviously don't know what true "Yum Tsa" is in Hong Kong.
5	Dim sum all day, every day?! FANTASTIC. I think I just found my new favorite dim sum restaurant.Came here with my boyfriend around 2pm on a Sunday looking to stuff our faces. I'm not a local and the Chinese restaurants in Orange County usually stop serving dimsum around 3pm. So I was sort of expecting the remaining foods and okay service. I was so wrong. I walked towards the restaurant and saw 'dim sum all day''. I was soooo happy!  The service is super fast and friendly! And it's cheaper than a lot of other Chinese restaurants which is awesome!
4	The 4 stars is for the dim sum only.Warning: Horrible food off the menu. BUT really good Dim Sum. I did dim sum lunch. Really good har kow (shrimp dumpling), bean curd roll, spare rib, shark fin dumpling, pork and chive  dumpling, roast duck. The congee was tasty too but I'd call it 'ok' in comparison to the dim sum.I was so impressed with the dim sum lunch that I thought I might find NY chinese food (which I really miss since moving out to California) so I went back there for dinner. It was like Jekyll and Hide (not Hyde).  My dinner order was a typical NYC neighborhood chinese restaurant order: Shrimp and Lobster Sauce, Beef Chow Fun,and mixed soup. They were clueless about me ordering a "mixed" soup. The staff looked scared when I ordered this soup as if the wontons would explode if it was placed in egg drop soup. Everything was inedible and I paid and left all the food there. I'm beginning to thing there's an unwritten Chinese Restaurant rule:If the restaurant doesn't serve crispy noodles (to snack and for soup) with duck sauce and chinese mustard don't even try the place. Although the exception is when going strictly for dim sum.I will definitely go back for dim sum..I got some good memories of my Brooklyn Dim Sum days...
4	Best place for dim sum in town!!! Not that expensive, but good food...truly a locals place.Truly love this place...and also it's ALL DAY DIM SUM, who doesn't like that!! The shrimp dumpling in this place is very good and if you are really adventurous try the chicken feet! Hmmmm.....chicken feet.... For dessert I recommend the pineapple bun...(it's not really pineapple flavor but it is yellow so its called that...) very sweet bun with yellow filling!!)
4	Dim sum is hot, comes around frequently and the people are nice.  I do think they are a little over priced and sometimes I feel like I'm being cheated because they can stamp any price section without me verifying it's the right price for the item I got. But the food is good and service is fine.  Oddly enough I always bring my own chopsticks though because theirs are VERY waxy and hard to eat with.
4	Let me get this straight. A Chinese buffet where they bring the food to you? Yes please! This was a great place to try Dim Sum (my first time). We went at a weird time (2pm) so it was basically just us in the restaurant. We were bombarded by servers with carts of food, which was cool in general. I tried  a ton of stuff. The Chinese Broccoli was amazing. They put a tasty sauce on it. The shrimp dishes we tried were all great, and I really liked the dumplings. The service was also very friendly, and they were nice to explain what each dish was, for the most part.  For a nice experience with Dim Sum off the Strip, give this place a try. Really, try it. Not just saying that. :)
3	Came here for dim sum because some of the girls don't have the access to it as easily as we did, Bay Area-ners. The food was mediocre, of course nothing is in comparable to the bay's Chinatown dim sum but since we were all starving after a long night and day of waiting for people to get dressed it hit the spot perfectly. the shrimp dumpling was awfully small dried and the rest of the food was tedious in its portion.  Normally, I would give it a 2stars but since It served all day and the bill came put to be only 60$ for 7 people ....I will simply forgive them and add an extra one star
3	The food was mediocre. I went around 2ish and there was only 3 tables. So I guess the same food has been pushing around =\ but the workers was nice. She said she'll get fresh hot stuff out for us if we waited a few minutes. All the workers was very nice and friendly. I was very disappointed in the rice noodle shrimp. The shrimps were baby shrimps =\ not regular or jumbo shrimps and the skin was a bit thick. They put one & half baby shrimp to make one regular size =T sigh. The spare ribs was ok not good enough to order 2 dishes which I normally do. sigh. The sweet dumpling fried was not sweet & salty like it would be and light on color =\ The nori rice had so much rice and a sparkle of minced meat. I guess if I was having a super bad craving for dim sum and had no other choice I'll come back again. But if I can get up early enough I'll go else where.
3	The only reason I like this place is that you can have dimsum here all day into the evenings, Because most places stop dimsum a 3pm. It's not a fancy restaurant and their dimsum selections are alright by me. It's an okay place for me.
4	Some reason I remember this place being cheaper. Or maybe I'm getting cheaper. Anyways, this place is a nice large restaurant able to seat lots of people on weekends and holidays.  If you plan ahead, look in the Las Vegas Review Journal newspaper for a tiny  little 1inch by 2inch ad for 10% off your entire bill. Location of the ad/coupon varies so it might take a couple minutes.
5	This place set the standard bar pretty high for dim sum!!!
5	OMG - I love me some dim sum and this is the place to go!  The place is big, has the ladies walking around with the serving carts offering tasty little dumplings or sweet treats like my favorite sesame balls and egg custard tarts, or you can order from the regular menu.  The siu mai (pork dumplings) are out of this world - packed with meat, black mushrooms and other good stuff, I can eat 4 or 6 of these by myself.  I loved the steamed cha siu bow (BBQ pork steamed bun) with its delicious sweet sauce.  I indulged in a sticky rice wrapped in tea leaves with ground pork and one delectable bite of Chinese sausage.  It's one of my "comfort foods." Remarkably good service for a Chinese restaurant, too.   Oh, and one of the best things about this place is they are open from 10:30 am to 10:30 pm and they serve dim sum ALL DAY!!  We will be back!
5	The best dim sum in Vegas.  Have been going there with my family whenever we are in Vegas. The place is busy, so make sure you get there before the crowd.  It's close to the strip and you won't be disappointed.
1	I was in las vegas for vacation, and wanna to try dim sum. I read those review and decide to give it a try . Wow it has been worst then I though. All i can taste is MSG. SUPER DISAPPOINTED. I dont understand how it was rated that high. Even the tea is awkful. Maybe thoae reviewer before has never try read sim sum or just get to use to american style dim sum.
4	Came here again cause my friends wanted to come here. We came in a busy time. Which we got a table pretty fast 5 mins. The food carts was all out & pushing about. The food taste better. I'm not sure if it was because I was really hungry or maybe it was much fresher. I'll go with it was fresher cause it was busy. Hehee
5	This spot is one of my favortie places for dim sum. Their selection of dim sum is very big, the quality of the dim sum is very fresh and delicious. Serivce is quick and attentive. The ladies with the dim sum carts hustle hard and flow freely throughout the huge restaurant always ready to give you what you need. Prices are reasonable and well worth it. The wait to be seated (if not pack'd) is not long at all. On Sundays, its a must to get their early by 11am if not the place fills up and the wait for a seat begins. Try it out if you come to Las Vegas. The only place that serves dim sum everyday, all day.
1	I once voted this place a 4/5 stars, however after today, I will no longer be a customer. I met up with some friends I haven't seen in a while and ate while chatting. We were asked if we were done eating, so we said yes. They then brought the check, which we felt was a bit rushed. So we payed and didn't think much of it. We continued to talk while finishing our waters, when the manager approached us. She said, "we're waiting for this table?". I said ?excuse me", and she again replied, "we're waiting on this table". We were basically be pushed out as soon as they got our money. I have never in my life have been asked to wrap it up and leave. It was the rudest experience I have ever received from any restaurant. I don't care how busy a place is, you don't treat loyal, frequent customers the way I was treated. Never again.
4	This is a very big Chinese restaurant with all day dim sum.  The service might not be so good but they have some good dim sum. I loved their two kinds of sesame balls and creme bun.  These are  the best  desserts!  Their dumpling are so good too(shumai and shrimp, and chives). The sticky rice in a bamboo leaf did not impress me much.I have no idea about their regular food since I did not order any but I would go back for their dim sum anytime!  This place can get packed very quickly so get there early and secure a parking spot!
5	This is the best Dim Sum place ever! I love it!
3	One of my coworkers has never tried dim sum, so a bunch of us set up a get together at Orchid Garden since they serve it all day. We ended up meeting up around 4pm after a few got off of work. Around that time, OG was not very busy, but the dishes were still coming out steaming. The dishes ranged around $2.30-$3.30 and the most expensive were $6.30. Most of the classic dim sum items are on the lower end, but were on the smaller side compared to other places. The flavor of the dishes were good. They had most of the usual selections for dim sum. I did not see any har gow though. By the time we were finished, each person left full on $13.
4	The parking lot was full at this dim sum restaurant.  I was quite surprised that there were so many people here for lunch on a regular weekday.  Which means their dim sum must be good, right?  This was my 2ndt time here.  First time was almost 8 years ago.  We ordered the regular dim sum fare and although their dim sum weren't as good as the ones out in Los Angeles, it wasn't bad.  The carts came around quite often and the food was fresh and hot.  They also had quite a large selection of dim sum items.  Their shrimp dumpling was a little on the small side.  Although their small dim sum are only $2.10, they have quite a few items that cost more than that. So, when all is said and done, the two of us spent over $30 for dim sum.  The next time I have the urge for dim sum, I will definitely come back and try some of their other dim sum items.
5	Great dim sum, not enough stomach room to fit all the great food we saw.  Carts came around often, and with plenty of different dishes to choose from.
1	Okay, so coming from the SGV I have to say that this place is COMPLETE SHIT. First of all, they didn't even have my beloved Siu Mai ! SUPERSADFACE ! What kind of dim sum place doesnt have Siu Mai ?! Just for that I wish I could give it ZERO stars. But there were other factors that contributed to this low grade.None of the food looked or tasted fresh. AT ALL. The carts weren't even steamers so most of the food was COLD. The only plus about this place was that they were able to accommodate 16 of us in almost no time at all. Other than that, I would recommend driving a little farther for good dimsum in the Asian plaza. Peace.
4	My all time favorite for Dim Sum it is almost always busy and the seating is fast even though some days you might have to wait a bit.  This is authentic Chinese Dim Sum and Dim Sum service if you do not know what you want by the looks of it you will not get much help from the cart ladies they are polite but curt and will just start handing you things.  I know that is a bit of an oxymoron but most who go here will understand.  Please do not let this deter you from enjoying the goodies they serve in their little tins of goodness.   I know what I want by looks and name so that is extremely helpful in these kind of situations! My thoughts on a restaurant of any ethnicity is seeing who eats there, if you see many people from the ethnicity of food you looking for you are usually on the right track this place in that aspect does not lie.  It seems as of late the word has gotten out because there are more and more people from other ethnicities visiting here they now just bring a fork instead of having to ask for one (I do not ever need one though but I know some of my friends and visitors do)  I also noticed a lot more smiles from the cart ladies as of late as well!  LOL I kinda like the grumpy, curt all about the food service of the past a bit.  However the food does not lie I do enjoy the Dim Sum and will continue to come back on a regular basis.I have never even looked at the menu so I have no idea what else they have but who cares really its Dim Sum all day! One tip I have learned from my boyfriend and his family in my many years, is drink the hot tea even if you are in Vegas and it is 116 outside, it helps digest the oils from the food and calms your stomach.
4	Dim sum ALL DAY!Orchid Gardens is always my stand-by Dim Sum spot. The atmosphere is friendly, the food is great , and the bathrooms are clean! Plus...I'll just say it again...dim sum ALL DAY! Growing up in SoCal, I can't say it's on the level of NBC in Monterey Park or ABC in Chinatown in Downtown L.A., but for Vegas, it's not half bad & reasonably priced.
3	This dim sum place is cool and that food is alright. However, if your car is lowered like mine, just a heads up the parking lot structure isn't lowered car friendly. The food here is mostly seafood, so if you aren't a big fan of seafood then i would definately not recommend this place. The dim sum is probably one of the better food that they offer. And i noticed the dim sum carts were unattended most of the time i was there. The service is standard and it would be great if you speak Chinese. Otherwise, i sure hope you have your ways of getting their attention.
4	Orchids Garden is a clean, spacious & overall nice restaurant to go to for dim sum. The staff is much friendlier than at Cathay House and I like how they provide a dim sum menu so you know what you're ordering.
5	If you're a local or a Las Vegas guest, get to this restaurant.  You're always seated immediately. It's great for large groups but most importantly, the food is very, very good. Their General Tao's chicken is some of the best ever. This restaurant get's a "Run, Don't Walk Award."
1	I came with my family (6) on a tuesday evening ordering dim sum which was about 120. - Rip off. For those that has ever eaten dim sum in orange county, sgv, or even rowland heights, you'd spend about half the price SERIOUSLY (seafood cove as an honorable mention)!- Wimpy dim sum. shrimp balls are so so tiny! its laughable. shrimp noodle (one of my faves. its the clear wrapper around shrimp where you put sauce on top) only had one piece of shrimp and the noodle was not fresh. seemed old and not soft how it should be.- Small portion combination fried rice. oily and gross chinese after flavor. quite possibly microwaved.  - I can go on and on about each individual plate, but if you are a local, there is better dim sum out there...just not here..sadly..- We came here bc TFC runs their commercials constantly. advertising win.- Oh yes, one star for quick service and pretty sinks in the bathroom :)
3	I like OG because they serve dim sum until 10:30pDim sum is served in carts. There are ladies pushing around carts of different types of dimsum. There is a steamed cart, fried cart, starch cart, sweets, and buns. You get a card and the things on each cart have a different price depending on the cart. When you get an item, the lady will put a stamp on your card. They add up the stamps and that is your food cost.Be careful grabbing too much. The items have between 1-4 and cost over $2-$6 each, so that quickly adds up. They also have a normal menu.I've been eating dim sum since I was a good and all of their dishes are good.Nothing is necessarily great, but definitely good.I would say definitely try to go during peak hours because the food is more fresh.Most of the items are different forms of dumplings. They also have fried shrimp, Chinese broccoli, and other things aside from the dumings.Try the fried stuff. Try the stuff with chili sauce, try the stuff with their mayo.The cashier girl is super rude. She never says hi, thank you, or smiles.I prefer this place over Cathay house because their servers don't skip tables!
3	I used to come here on various occasions whenever I'd come to Vegas to visit relatives. The food was all right, but I just know that I've had better in the Rowland Heights area.
5	I'm so glad to see this dimsum place on yelp! We make sure that we eat here whenever we go to Vegas! It's not pricey! Dimsum all day everyday!
4	My brother and sister-in-law who live here brought us for lunch on our last day in Vegas. My brother pretty much did the ordering of the dim sum. Don't think he knew what the names were just point and say one of those, two of that and so on! Everything he ordered was good. Pork hash, siu mai, shrimp ball, crab ball, look fun, char siu bao, noodles and a bunch of other dishes. I don't think you could go wrong with any of the choices. Carts came by fast and weren't pushy at all. You can tell this place is good when you look around and see a lot of Chinese customers.
1	I'm a huge huge fan of dim sum, but was really disappointed with it here. Food was cold, desserts were grainy, and there wasn't that big of a selection on anything. I think the same two carts kept coming around over and over again. Dim sum places I've been to have at least 5 carts of food and they would all be different and filled to the top. This place was beyond dissapointing, esp for the last meal before I flew out of Vegas. And this was coming on a weekend too!! I thought they would have more choices esp for how big the restaurant is.
2	Dim sum is just not good in Vegas. I would not come here again, but then again I probably won't ever get dim sum when I'm in vegas. This place is dirty and not authentic.
3	For variety and a yen for all day and night dim sum, Orchids is the place but drink lots of bo-leh tea to cut the grease as there is alot of oil used in dim sum so it might be greasy for your stomach.  But they serve dim sum until 10:30 at night!  Good variety like chicken and duck feet, shrimp dumplings (ha gow), siew mi (pork balls), jook, shark fin dumpling, fried taro, so if you want dim sum and quick, they have fast service and it's hot.
3	We were heading down to Vegas for two nights. I asked dad if there was any place that he wanted to visit or restaurant that he wanted to eat at. True to nature, he wanted Chinese food for lunch, specifically dim sum. There was a restaurant that they had eaten at four years ago and "the people were really nice" and "the food really good" but "I can't remember the name of it", something with the name Orchid in it.No problem said Son #1 (that's me). I'll just punch in Orchid in Las Vegas, Nv and see what Yelp comes up with. Oh, could it be Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant? Yes? No? Maybe? Look, here are some pictures to look at. Oh? That's the one. Terrific!Naturally, when I pulled into the parking lot, the voice from the back seat goes, "where are we? We've never been here before!" Argggghhhhhhhhhhh!!!So we bravely trooped into the restaurant anyway. We were greeted and seated relatively quickly. I ordered the type of tea that I like (Gook Bo, which is a blend of Gook Fah and Bo Li). It was actually pretty decent. The steam carts came around as well as women carrying small trays of food. Pretty much, a typical dim sum scene.We don't recall seeing anything "new" or "unusual". Mostly the standard fare. We did notice that the portions were smaller than we were used to seeing. Flavors were okay but nothing really stood out. We had all the "standards" except we didn't order any buns.Har gow (shrimp dumpling), shui mai  (pork & shrimp dumpling), pi gwat (pork spare ribs), fung jow (chicken feet), naw mei fan (sticky rice tamale), ngow een (beef meatball), hom sui gok (deep fried meat dumpling) and many more.Service was okay but I think we confused the servers as we always tend to. They look at the parents and start to speak Cantonese and then they look at me and my wife and switch to English or Chinglish depending on their proficiency.I'd say that if you're in Vegas and must have dim sum, you could do worse but don't expect the same quality that you'd find in Alhambra, Montereay Park or San Francisco.
4	There are not much dim sum places here in Vegas. One of the very few I go to is Orchids Garden. Compared to the other dim sums I tasted, this one is not bad. They have variety of choices, the price is modest and the place is huge.
5	Best Dim Sum! My family and I go here whenever we can. The shark fin dumpling is to die for. I always recommend to order off the carts rather than the menu. Love their dim sum. I bring everyone here whenever I can as well.
4	gets the job done
3	I do enjoy eating here most days but some times they run out and don't make any more of that dish. So it's very hit and miss.   If you have something on your menu at least have it.
1	staff was very typical of chinese restaurants, cold and sterile with evident love for their job. all the dim sum tasted the same because most of their dishes were made from shrimp. service was adequate, but the food was embarassing for my guests.
5	Best dim sum ever!!
4	We had dimsum for dinner on a Saturday night at Orchids Garden. They serve dimsum all day from 10:30am - 10:30pm. Since they don't take reservations, we decided to go at 5:30pm - early enough before it gets too crowded.Waitresses walk around with carts filled with plates of dimsum, and they stop at each table. You pay per plate by category. As you take plates, the watresses stamp your food bill:A ($2.30) - our favorites are the Steamed BBQ Bun and for dessert: Baked Sweet Cream Bun and Red Bean Sesame Ball.B ($3.10) - our favorites are Shrimp Hargow, Baked BBQ Pork Pie, Shrimp Pasted Eggplant (make sure you get the sauce), Pan Fried Chives Dumpling, Shrimp with Rice Noodle, and for dessert: Mango or Coconut Pudding (with sweetened condensed milk.)C ($4.15) - Sugar Cane ShrimpD ($6.15) - Chinese Broccoli, Seaweed Salad, and the Chow Mein.The standouts are the Chow Mein (even though $6.15 is over-priced for noodles), the Steamed BBQ Bun is the best deal, Pan Fried Chives Dumplings were our favorite, and the best dessert is the Baked Sweet Cream Bun!  Although we love the Seaweed Salad, the portion size is so small, it's not worth $6.15.Seven of us ate everything we wanted for a total of $82 plus tax. That's a pretty good deal! This is our favorite dimsum place in Vegas!
4	Would give them 5 stars but the dim sum is just not up to par as to what I used to have when I was on the east coast, and I was married to a chinese woman and their family owned two dim sum restaurants that were excellent.  But the food is still pretty good :)
4	Excellent choice for Dim Sum.  Busy place, which keeps the food fresh and the carts moving.  Very reasonably priced, as dim sum should be.  Flavor and freshness on the bakery stuff was just as good as on the savory fish and vegetable choices (I don't eat meat other than seafood).  Great way to start a weekend day.
5	So good...so so so good!  Be careful not to pick too many things from the carts...it adds up fast.  Five of us racked up $100 bill...so worth it...yummy!!
5	This place is definitely a hidden jewel at Las Vegas. I didn't know such place existed, until I yelped it.  There are variety of dim sum choices, and as you enter the restaurant it's already packed with people.  This mean that it's really good.  The good thing about it is the diversity of people that enjoys the dim sum there.  Furthermore, the waitresses knows how to speak English really well!! This is the only place that I've heard clear English being spoken!! Awesome!!!!
2	Umm, where should I begin.  Well, I stopped by this place for lunch on Saturday while I was in Vegas.  The food was so so, and the variety of dim sum is very very limited.  Service is sh.t, they just keep checking your dim sum ticket to see if you are ready to go and get you the check.  Anyway, look for somewhere else if you are craving for dim sum.
2	Unfortunately I didn't get to eat anything here today. My plan today was to get some dim sum for the first time. I had read reviews about it here and though the Orchids Garden would be my first time Dim sum experience. I read that they had takeout and thought "that's great!". So I went in today around 1:30pm to order some. This is where it started to turn sour for me. When I entered I asked the four waitresses waiting at the register if they had takeout. One waitress automatically pointed at the stack of menu's at the other end of the counter. My thoughts were "OK, there are four of you, one is handling some customers paying for her food and the others are just standing there. Couldn't one of them just hand me a menu instead of me just having to make a wide berth around the customers to grab one?".  I didn't say anything but just went went around the other customers and got the menu they pointed out. The menu was for regular Chinese food that I could get anywhere with those prices. There was no dim sum listed. I remembered from reading about this restaurant on Yelp that they must have a dim sum menu. There were no dim sum menu's around the counter, and I didn't get a chance to ask because the same counter people (whom were still just standing there not doing anything) were still focused on the customer they were billing. I'm sure if I waved a brightly colored flag they still wouldn't see me. So I just left, paper menu still in hand.  I really don't know if I'll go back there.  I may just have my Dim Sum experience someplace else. Two stars to this place for at least getting in and seeing the menu.
3	It was my first time dining here which is weird since I LOVE dimsum but I don't really venture out from our usual places (Chang's, PPP, Cathay) but we were in the neighborhood and starving so we ended up here! I think I was expecting the inside to be much bigger for some reason.. So we got our usual stuff of this and that.. I noticed there weren't that many carts going around but during the duration of the time we were there I did she new stuff continually come out on the steamed cart.. No congee here though maybe only on the weekends...  Everything was pretty tasty my only problem was, with the exception of the steamed items, everything was not hot I mean most dimsum places items are at least warm but here they were just room temp.. Made me feel like they were definitely not fresh haha BUT I think the prices here a tad lower than other places because our bill usually comes up to around $30 and here it was only a little over $20 for 2 ppl ~ Hot tip: like everyone else has already stated.. They have dim sum round the clock..Though It may be difficult for some to order off the dim sum menu if you don't know the name of the item ..
5	Really good Dim Sum...definitely the best I've had in Las Vegas.  This isn't a five star restaurant, but it is a five star Dim Sum joint.  Simple and fresh
4	Hubby and I came yesterday right when they opened.  What a difference compared to Chang's.  From the moment we walked in, the staff was polite and got us drinks.  Carts were plenty and moving.  These ladies move fast and new stuff kept coming out.  My only complaint is the shrimp rice noodle dish.  The shrimp was small and it seemed like it was too much noodle.  I'm used to dim sum but my husband is still in his preemie stage with it.  While the food is not super awesome, it was great.  Service was the deciding factor.  You know how Chinese restaurants are.  You're lucky if they come to refill your drinks.  We didn't even have to ask.  Needless to say, we thoroughly enjoyed our experience here.
3	Ehhh.  If you're coming from the Bay Area or LA, this place can't compare to some of the dim sum establishments there.  Place serves dim sum all day, but there wasn't much variety going around the carts when we were there.  We really wanted some Shanghai Dumplings and was told it was coming each time we asked.  Finally, we flagged down one of the waitresses to ask about it and she told us it would be 15-20 minutes for them to make it.  It was never really coming at all!Shiu Mai, har gow, bean curd skin, chow fun, baked buns, steamed buns, gai lan, etc.  were all decent though a bit small compared to standard.  Not a bad place overall.  It's a bit away from the strip.
4	- I've only tried dim sum in 2 Vegas eateries.  This was better by default simply because Harbor Palace dim sum was unpalatable.- Orchids' waiters were quick to fill our requests and the push-cart waitresses paid lots of attention to us (in some LA dim sum joints if you're not Chinese/don't speak Cantonese the push-cart folks sometimes just ignore you).- Hopefully there's a better Vegas dim sum place I'll come across but until then this'll do.
4	This is one of the better Dim Sum restaurants in Vegas in my opinion. I've tried pretty much all or most of the Dim Sum restaurants here in Vegas and this is one of the better ones. I mean its not fantastically good but better than the rest. They do have Dim Sum around the clock but I would recommend going early - afternoon-ish just because the food is fresher because there are more people so they are preparing food constantly. Compared to going later when it is not busy, food can be sitting out for a while.I would recommend going here or at least give it a shot.
3	I have been here for dim sum a few times and it is OK.  There was nothing that really ever stood out, positively or negatively, but sometimes dim sum is just calling my name, and this is where we go.  However, yesterday my family came to try the peking duck.  The last time I had peking duck was in Hong Kong, where the sizzling duck was carved at table side and the skin was perfectly crispy.  It was like candy.  Unfortunately, my experience at Orchids Garden was not on par.  Parts of the skin were still attached to the duck meat and only half of the pieces were crispy, while the others were limp and chewy.  The steamed bun was nice and fluffy, although a little thicker than I prefer.  But, the addition of the plum sauce and the spring onions made me forget the disappointing duck skin. I probably won't order it again, hence the search for delicious Peking Duck in Las Vegas continues.  This restaurant is quite clean, though.  Service is friendly, and where else can you get dim sum all day? So, I will definitely be back for that.
5	Superior dim sum all day and every day!!!! What a BIG surprise!Who could ever expect this place to be in Las Vegas? Well, that's a factor in my opinion why reviewers trip out on Orchids. I rate my restaurants based on flavor more than any perceived authenticity and this place serves really tasty food!!!!I've been to a really decent place in the San Gabriel Valley (SGV) called Ocean Star which is pretty much the best true dim sum I've had and I much prefer Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant. Let me also say that Ocean Star is one of the top four dim sum places in the SGV according to Yelpers. I also went to a really, really bad dim sum place in Las Vegas too. If you look at the Elite reviews for Orchids you will see that they are mostly three and four star ratings! Few dim sum places in the SGV do better than 3.5 stars overall! Trust me, Orchids is great!!!!Lately, my BF and I have been to a bunch of places that do not serve Chinese brocoli - but they've got it here! We love our Chinese brocoli too! Just as in Los Angeles the dim sum arrives in carts. There is a great variety of items to eat and they were all good. My BF loves the seaweed wrapped stuffed rice here and he's really picky! All of the shrimp was fresh as can be! I really liked the dim sum sauces here. Another great thing about Orchids is that the dumplings do not fall apart nor ar they too sticky! They are alsonice and juicy! Not as great as Din Tai Fung in Los Angeles, but heck, few things are as great as Din Tai Fung haha! The tea was well steeped too! I really take my tea seriously and sometimes places serve yellowish and flavorless water. Not here!The place is packed with a mixed crowd! Service was a little better than in Los Angeles SGV places! Lots of free parking!
1	This place is gross. The food was bland, not hot when brought out, super greesy and horrible service. Typical chinese restaurant.
5	probably the only place i come for dimsum. great prices and selections. they are always well staffed and you have dimsum carts always moving and restocking.they have this coconut pastry bun. its the shiz, so good...my favorite dimsum dish is the chicken feet.
4	Loved that this restaurant serves dim sum all day. The Chinese Broccoli was cooked very well that day, not over or under done. For some of the ladies in my group, it was the first time they had dim sum, so it was a good experience. And the pricing was good as well. Good, cheap, eats. I'd go again in a heart beat.
4	Great dim sum all day location! Prices are a bit high than other dim sum locations but this place offers it ALL DAY! Save room for dessert and get the rice cakes along with the baked sweet cream buns! They are amazing!
4	Been here a few times to Orchids, and out of PPP, Changs Cathay House and KJ, I've probably enjoyed their wu gok/fried taro dumplings the best. They have all the usual dim sum items here -- but that fried taro dumpling is basically my litmus test for a good dim sum spot. At Orchids their dumpling was warm with a good ratio of filling-to-dough ratio, it wasn't too greasy or had that soaked up that nasty oil flavor from incorrect frying temperature, and still had that lovely crunch and flakiness on its outer layer. Nothing to write home to mama about, its solid/on par for Vegas dim sum standards, 3.5 stars rounding up. It might be out of my way but it's still worth the drive when me and my guest(s) need to eat our way through a hangover in the morning. Like any other decent dim spot arrive early or expect to be waiting a while on the weekends.
3	I've had many Dim Sum experiences in many different cities across the US.  Although I've lived in Las Vegas or 5 years now, this is officially my FIRST Dim Sum experience in this city.  We came here to celebrate Chinese New Years last night, so Kung Hee Fat Chow.  Or Gung Hee Fat Chow, depending on your dialect.  The outside of the building transport you to an authentic city in China.  Chinese lettering and a huge sign that read, "Dim Sum all day" really brought us in.  The carpet is definitely outdated, older tables as well.  Adding yellow lining lights on the ceiling and you're now transported to 1960's China.  Definitely needs a revitalization.  The staff is cordial.  Definitely not as pushy to sell you more Dim Sum as I've experienced in other cities.  They also explain the dishes thoroughly in English so you know what you're getting.  Here's what we got:Chow Mein - probably like 4 plates altogether.  A little oily but so good.  Small crispy noodles with grilled onions.  Fried Shrimp Puff - Got 3 plates of this in all.  Crispy gyoza like dumplings filled with shrimp.  Super yummy!  Served with a dollop of mayonnaise.    Juicy Pork Dumpling - Watch out!  The juicy liquid is hot so don't just stick it in your mouth so quickly!  Perfectly steamed.Steamed Pork Shiu Mai - Reminds me of pork hash from back home in Hawaii.  LOVE.Shrimp Shiu Mai -  Exactly like the pork, just with shrimp.  Still love.Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper - They actually shaped the paste into a ball and placed it on top of a big square of steamed bell pepper. The pepper was a little odd.Pork and Chive Shiu Mai - SUPER OILY.  I had to wipe it down with my napkin.All in all, a little too oily.  My hands were constantly oily all night.  Not the best experience, I've had better dim sum.  Don't take my word for it.  Please come by and see if you feel the same!
5	Friendly. I luv their coconut bun
5	This might be my favorite dim sum in Las Vegas. Sadly, I live in SD now and the dim sum in SD sucks... so whenever I come home I always go here :)
4	My boyfriend brought me here at like 9pm when we got to Vegas once. I was shocked because they serve dim sum all day. And honestly it's not bad!Their har-gow is mediocre at best, but the shu-mai is still good! Service isn't amazing, but who expects great service in an Asian restaurant?! LolTheir egg tarts were ok, and their mango pudding with condensed milk that my friend hyped up, wasn't that great.Their pork buns are good too! I like them. I don't care for their fried rice, but I'm not a huge fried rice fan to start with.I'll probably be back here, but it's not something you have to go out of your way to try.
3	Dim Sum all day!! ... was the only reason why I came here in the first place.Pricing was a little more expensive than usual, and quality was a little bit lacking. Drove off the strip to find this restaurant but maybe we would've been better off at Earls... Just kidding, I guess it wasn't that bad (but it's definitely not great). When we came restaurant was a little empty, not that many workers pushing the carts around and it took 5ever before the steamed dimsum cart found it's way to our table. Ordered all the basic stuff, none blew my mind away. If this is all that Vegas has to offer, I'm a little sad. Next time that I'm back in SinCity, I'll hit up some other spots.
5	This place is in a word- AMAZING! The best dim sum you will ever have!! I know I'm biased growing up eating at this restaurant but it is seriously the best dim sum I've ever had and will ever have. I've eaten dim sum in San Francisco and nothing can beat the taste or price of orchids garden dim sum. Like ever. I think my mom and I had at least 8 plates plus imported Tsingtao beer. wanna know whats cool? it was all under 50 dollars. Great price for AMAZING food. A goal of mine one day is to try all of the plates they have! So in a nutshell: come here, spend all day being a glutton eating the tasty bits of heaven, leave sated and happy! :D
1	This review is based only on today's experience,  I would usually give this place a solid 4 stars for the quality and price.They advertise dim sum all day so I exept the dim dum to be good ALL DAY!!!I usually get there b4 2pm, my last visit was a few month ago and everything was fresh and exellent.Got here at 4pm today, it was a terrible idea but Chris really wanted dim sum.Everything was either soggy or dry,  old and definitely not fresh, I am writing this review in pain, my stomach hurt, this never happened to me,  I have a very strong stomach but something was definitely wrong with the food.I hope I dont have a food poisoning. Do not come here after 2pm,  they will serve you old nasty food that have been waiting in the steamer for hours.
4	Everyone knows that it's not a REAL dim sum experience unless the little asian ladies pushing the carts around are incredibly pushy and loud about their offerings. And Orchids Garden does not disappoint. If you think I'm being sarcastic, you're wrong. i'm not. I genuinely believe that a proper and authentic dim sum experience involves some dingy chairs and loud, pushy little asian ladies. The food is pretty good, not AMAZING, but authentic and DIM SUM ALL DAY!!! i ONLY took one star off because the one thing that every dim sum place should get right is those little flat shrimp rice wraps that they douse in that vinegar sauce? I don't know the name, but surely you know what I'm talking about... anyways, those should always be amazing and here they were a little bland. The only thing is that unless you live in Las Vegas, rented a car or have a friend with a car this is pretty hard to get to because it's definitely not on the strip and is actually a little far from the strip. worth it if you want to get some good chinese food. also its REALLY CHEAP. i was with a bunch of people and we split it but i ate a ton of different variety stuff and my check was $10.
4	I haven't had dimsum in many years until one day Brad T. took me to Orchids garden and yummmm!  Service (4):  They normally dont serve you, they are usually just there to refill your drinks and give your receipt.  Other than that, they go around and you pick & choose what you want.  Quality (4.5): The food taste wonderful and I have tried a variety of their selections that they offered.  I love their sesame balls, pork shumai, shrimp noodle, fried rice, etc.  Atmosphere (4):  Looks clean, sometimes it has a weird smell, comfortable.Overall(4):  I love this restaurant and I would come back here everytime I crave for some dimsum.  There were a couple of times where we would get here and literally 15minutes were are done eating.
3	Great service, good Dim Sum. But what do I know? I'm a stupid American... LOL
3	We went for Dim Sum when they first opened for brunch using a $30 RJ Deals coupon. They were located on W Sahara Ave between S Jones Blvd and S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.  There were comfortable booths around the perimeter and tables in the middle.  The food on the carts came out fresh and steaming hot.We started with the Shiu Mai and Har Gow.  The 4 Shiu Mai was a little on the small side and the shrimp was minced.  The 4 Har Gow filling was also minced.  No whole pieces of shrimp.  The outer dough was delicate and light.  The Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper was okay.  There were 3 squares of green bell pepper filled with shrimp paste.  The bell pepper was grilled which gave it a good flavor.The server cut the 3 Deep-fried glutinous rice dumplings with pork (haam sui gau) in half with scissors which made them easy to eat.  The filling was greasy, tasteless, and skimpy. They were hot and freshly fried.  I would not order these again here.  Harbor Palace had some of the best I've had with pork and dried shrimp.The 3 Shark Fin Dumplings were good with the thin skin and lots of firm meat on the inside.The 3 BBQ Pork Buns were okay, but not great. The pastry was flaky.  They were brushed with egg wash and sprinkled with sesame seeds.  I've had better in Denver.  I would not order these again here.The 3 Don Tot were bite-sized.  They had more crust than custard, but were flaky.The 3 Baked Sweet Cream Buns were filled with sweet creamy custard on the inside, fluffy on the outside.  Yum!The 2 Baked Coconut Buns had lots of shredded coconut on the outside.There were plenty of people to clear empty plates and easy to get the bill.  The carts came around frequently.  The variety was a little limited, but we could have ordered off the menu.I was a little disappointed to not see my favorite Steamed Pork Ribs in Black Bean Sauce, nor did I see the Sticky Fried Rice.To get the bill to $30, we ordered extra plates of pastries to take home.
3	I seriously think they have changed head chefs. I went today and had my usual standard dim sum favorites...har gow, shu mai, char siu bao, chive dumplings, bean curd rolls etc.  and with the exception of the XO cheng fun everything tasted bland and not on par with their usual service. The spare ribs were flavorless and tasted gamy, the har gow dumpling skins were grainy and overly chewy, and the all time favorite char siu bao lacked the BBQ sweetness that I love. Everything seemed to be missing something. I don't know what is is...but they need to get it back quick!
3	Finally, a restaurant that dares to defy traditional lunchtime dim sum hours!They have the typical offerings like shu mai, har gow, and chicken feet, but the real kicker is that they have it all day!  For the most part, their food is tasty and filling for a low price. Go ahead, indulge in the char siu bao and sesame balls! Just note that the har gow and shrimp wrapped in rice noodle stick together and are scantily filled. Besides the portion size, another issue is that some of the dishes can be bland.The vast, clean dining space accommodates both the diners and the little old Chinese ladies pushing their metal carts. These carts sure make their rounds quick! Pretty sure the same lady made a few laps before we ordered something from her cart. Plenty of parking is found in the front and back of the building. I like that there's room to maneuver around in and out of the restaurant, because it gets claustrophobic at Chang's.The portions and flavor could be improved, but Orchids Garden is pretty decent for dim sum in Vegas.
3	I equate Orchid Garden to the Wal Mart of DIm Sum.  It is large, busy, open all the time, and has it all.  It is certainly not the best dim sum available.  However, you continue to frequent it due to its convenience and mass appeal.  Prices change depending on whether or not you are Chinese.  That is certainly annoying.  Since it is generally busy, the food is usually hot.  That's a major plus!  I been many times, I'll go again - fully knowing, it's not the best but just fine.
5	Whenever we are in town,, we make time to go here for Dim sum n just take a break fr buffets. I luv their coconut bread
3	This was our second visit for Dim Sum using a $30 RJ Deals coupon.  We came during the dinner hour.  It's better to come for lunch when the food is fresh and hot unless you order off the menu.The 3 Taro Balls were warm and delicate.  There was light taro paste and ground pork inside.  I would order these again.The Shrimp Rice Noodles were very plain.  They just had whole pieces of shrimp inside served with sweet soy sauce on top.  I like the kind with scallions and dried shrimp in the noodle with shrimp on the inside.The 3 Baked Sweet Cream Buns were exceptionally good.  The custard was gooey and the buns were soft and fluffy.The plate of Sticky Rice was small, but tasty.  I don't see this dish on the Dim Sum carts very often.  They usually have noodle dishes.The 3 Sesame Balls with red bean were okay.  The server cut them in half with scissors.The 3 Chive Dumplings were large and pan fried.  I typically don't order them, but they were different.The Chinese Broccoli was cooked perfectly.  The server had a plate on the cart, but brought us a fresh hot plate.The Steamed Spare Ribs were a little fatty.  There were 2 small pieces of pumpkin in it.  I did not see this dish last time I was here.The review for the Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shark Fin Dumplings, and Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper remain the same.I knew not to order the Deep-fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings, BBQ Pork Buns, Don Tot, and Baked Coconut Buns (I didn't like them).I was pleased that I got the Sticky Rice and Steamed Spare Ribs in Black Bean Sauce on this visit.
1	Ok I see this place is busy but must be because of out of towners because the food is meh!! The food is mediocre. I have never been to a dim sum restaurant that does not have any hao cao. Every time the carts come by, I would ask " u have ha cao?" The answer was " it 's coming."  We were there 2 hours and it never came. Heard the wait staff tell a Chinese customer there is no ha cao. What the heck? How can u call yourself a dim sum restaurant and not serve ha cao? That's like going to a Mexican restaurant that doesn't serve enchiladas or tacos.  I was totally disappointed. The dishes were not hot- a no no for Asian restaurant. Will never go again- only went because the hubby loved it.  There are way better dim sum places on spring mountain road- Chinatown/vietnatown of Las Vegas.
3	I went back about a week ago and it was not as good. Maybe I've been spoiled by Vancouver but the harcow was small and not as tasty as I remember and the same can be said for the bean curd wraps, The BBQ pork buns lacked filled and were too sweet. I hope I just went on a bad day.
2	Sign outside says rated best dim sum in 2010. Well alot must have changed in 3 years. I would highly disagree..lol I was sub par at best with lack of flavor and cooking time of certain dishes that need to be cooked longer for the meats/ tendons/ and or other organs to property become consistance of how the traditional dim sum dish is suppose to be.The service was a bit lacking as well
5	I went here with my best friend on Valentine's Day and we were seated immediately. We were there before dinner time and awhile after we got in, the restaurant started getting pretty busy. The service was decent and not very memorable, but I'm giving it 5 stars because of the food. The Steamed Pork Shiu Mai was one of the best that I've ever had. It was so flavorful and tasted fresh, unlike other Dim Sum places *Ahem, East Ocean*. I am also a huge fan of their Shrimp Har Gow as well as their Steamed BBQ Pork Bun. We got other food items as well, but those three are the ones that I am most critical about and Orchids Garden passed with flying colors!Near the end of our meal, the servers came out and gave the ladies who were dining single roses. I thought that this was such a nice touch!
5	Dim Sum here is amazing! The ladies come by with their carts as soon as you sit down. We will be back.
5	I never had Dim Sum before but I'll be back. The Chive Dumplings and Pork Bun with black bean and sesame seeds were delicious!  I never had Sunflower Tea before but I will again, absolutely delicious.
1	Probably the worst food I've ever eaten.. My husband and I came here after seeing such good reviews posted here on yelp. We were both in the mood for trying some tasty dim sum and it sounded like a good idea... until we got here. We grabbed a couple of dishes to start. It doesn't matter what they were cause here is what is important they were all cold, stale, and didn't even appear appetizing. Needless to say, we didn't grab anything else. Oh and the worst part, as soon as I got home I felt stomach sick and had to throw up. That never happens. This place is a disaster. Please save yourself from food-borne illnesses and paying to eat frankenfood. I would have rather eaten a hundred booger flavored jellybellys. It was that bad.
3	I thought the food was good but the prices were extremely high!  I can see myself returning for the food; unfortunately, the cost will deter me from making this place a regular favorite.
5	All day dim sum and the food is tasty too. Just don't go too late or they seem to run out of certain dishes. Prices are reasonable and service is fairly quick. Sometimes if you ask them they will even make a dish that you don't see on the carts which is great!
3	If you're craving Dim Sum and you're searching for a place to go, this place will do. It will satisfy your craving, but it's not the best. The restaurant is large, so you typically do not have to wait that long to be seated and it's good for large groups. They have all your typical Dim Sum dishes that you love, but overall I've had better. This might be my go-to Dim Sum place in Vegas, but I know of places in Cali that are amazing in comparison. If you don't know what Dim Sum is- it's like Asian tapas food. Little bite size chinese food that is wheeled out to you on little carts. You just point to the ones you want and they drop it off on your table and stamp your table card to keep track how many dishes to charge you for. Most of the time I don't know the name of any of the dishes, so I just point at the ones that look tasty and give them a try. That's that best way to experience Dim Sum for sure.
1	Try something new for lunch my co-worker said! Well, it was the worst meal I've had in Vegas, for a million reasons.  I made him pick up the check, because that's just punishment for this kind of idea.Dim Sum was a D+ at best - this is compared to all other Dim Sums.  If you have to choose something, get the pork siomai.  It's a solid C-, so it's the best you're gonna get here.The entrees (Why order an entree at a Dim Sum place?  Shame on me, I know.) were not edible.  I really mean it.  The fried rice wasn't fried and the beef... well, it wasn't beef.If you have thin skin, or like clean dishes, go elsewhere.  The ladies on the carts would give you some serious stink eye if you didn't take their grade D meat.  And if you ask for a fork without any residue, more stink eye!  Worst chinese in Nevada.  (That's really saying something)
2	I love that they have dim sum all day. Only been here once and it was just okay to below average. I ordered my usual favorites: calamari was cold and greasy, though very crispy, probably would have been quite good if it were hot and fresh.  Fried taro wasn't very good, outside was not light and fluffy at all, and I didn't like the filling.  Sticky rice wrapped in leaves was okay, but I've had better, did not detect any mushrooms in the filling which is my favorite part. Shu mai was good. Shrimp dumplings okay. Leek dumplings were greasy. The chicken bao was good but could have used more filling. The shrimp rice noodle roll also lacked filling. The congee just didn't look like there was much it it so I didn't get any. The 8 dishes ordered and hot tea came out to $30 and some change. Just a side note...I felt pretty queasy after eating there. Chang's is better!
4	Let's be honest:Is this my favorite dim sum place? No. Is this the dim sum place I most frequent? Yes!When it comes to dim sum, I have a specific set of items that I order. I love shrimp. If it has shrimp in it, I must have it.When it comes to dim sum, my husband has a specific set of items that he orders. He hates fish. Loves meat. If it doesn't have fish, and just meat, he must have it.Could I tell you the exact name of our favorites? No clue - but I could describe it:shrimp dumplings, some shrimp dumpling with green stuff in it (chives maybe?), shrimp ball with a sugar cane in it, har gow (I goggled this so that IS the actual name). For my hubs, he loooooooves the BBQ pork buns and the sticky pork buns!Needless to say, we do not share what we order and after coming to Orchids Garden  over 4 times, we have the place down to a science.#1 Come early. I have never been to this place on a week day and I have never been to the place over an hour from it's opening time. I read the reviews of the place, and I immediately learned that I don't think I would enjoy it as much in the middle of the week or for a late lunch. I have already noticed the difference between their Sunday service and their Saturday and have learned from friends' experiences - Sunday morning is the best time to go.#2 don't order anything from a person who's cart is almost empty. The cart ladies work hard and if most of the stuff is gone from the cart, it's safe to assume that they've been around the block a few times. I have made the mistake and had lukewarm shrimp balls and no- they are not good.#3 A friend of mine had said they had a bad experience because almost every minute someone stopped by their table with cart asking if they wanted something. I think he was complaining that it was hard to have a conversation when they were being interrupted repeatedly. My advice to my friend was - don't go to dim sum then. Dim sum is all about the food. In my opinion, the expectations should be a variety of hot food readily available to you when you sit down. It's not about how friendly the lady pushing the cart is, or how many times you were bothered after you were clearly full.I am a regular at Orchids Garden because of it's easy-to-get-to location, consistency of food quality, and most of all - the price. Plus, our water glasses are always full, the bathrooms are clean, and we never have to wait to get our bill.While there are plenty of great dim sum places around town (Ping Pang Pong to name one), Orchids Gardens is my go to spot for early afternoon cravings. It hasn't let me down once.
4	Good dim sum. Great lobster. Come early to get a table for dim sum. It gets crowded fast.
1	The Dim Sum here are bad. Everything was salty and bland. Need I say more? Vegas really needs a good Dim Sum place.
2	Not exactly the best dim sum I have ever had, but not horrible either.  I do like that if I crave dim sum for dinner that this place serves it all day!  Also, the staff is really friendly.  When we wanted something on the menu that wasn't on the carts the waitress brought it out for us.   They were pretty efficient with service without being pushy to get you in and out.
3	This is always the dimsum place my uncle takes me to get dimsum when i am in Vegas for vacation . This place is always crowded when I go. Theres not that many choices of food to choose from. And the waiters come by the table with the same exact food over and over even though i just said no. But over all its pretty good food.
4	For an all day dimsum in Las Vegas this is a must try. The carts are always moving. There is various types of good dimsum that they offer: chicken feet, Chinese broccoli, dumplings and more. This is a must try place!Sometimes if you are waiting for one of the items though it takes them awhile.The service is ok.
4	Dim Sum served all day?!? Yes please!!! If only other dim sum locations did this, I would be in heaven! Since I sure do love my Asian food, and sometimes wish I can have dim sum later on in the day. Been to Orchids on two occasions, one was for a wedding at night with typical Chinese banquet wedding food, and the other was for a dim sum breakfast. Service was decent, the wedding food was average, but the dim sum was slightly above average. Four stars because it's served all day.
4	good selection
4	I love dimsum & this place is my go-to dimsum restaurant. I believe it's all day dimsum which I appreciate because my cravings varies & when I want it, I gotta have it, no matter what time. LOL.I enjoy their Shumai, "Manapuas" (Both white & brown bread), Short Ribs, etc! It's probably not the best place to get dimsum but I end up coming here all the time. Unless I find another dimsum place to fall in love with, my heart is with Orchids Garden!
4	Food was fast as hell. All the ones they brought out was amazing. One of the servers reached across the table to give me some food, that wasn't good. But the rest of the servers were cool. Didn't understand a word they said, but I just looked at the food and pointed at the ones I wanted. The environment was cool. Nice and spacey. Best thing about this place is that u don't have to wait for your food to come.
1	Orchids serves dim sum all day. It was a disappointment. We were there around 8 pm.  Everything we had was cold and old. They should just stick with dim sum in the afternoon just like other dim sum restaurants.
3	We came for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon using a $30 RJ Deals coupon.   They were located on W Sahara Ave between S Jones Blvd and S Decatur Blvd in Las Vegas.  The restaurant was very crowded.  When we have come before, there have only been a few other parties.We ordered the Chinese Broccoli, Fried Calamari, Chive Dumplings, Steamed Spare Ribs, Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper, Deep-fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings,  Chinese Tamales, and Baked Sweet Cream Buns.See my previous two reviews for details on each item.  This was the first time I had the Fried Calamari.  The breading was heavy and once it got cold, it didn't taste very good.We asked for the Shark Fin Dumplings several times and the gals kept on saying "Later".  I did not see the Sticky Fried Rice either.My favorite item was the Baked Sweet Cream Buns.  I would order them every time.We will be back.
4	My wife and I LOVE this place.The food is delicious and remarkably affordable!  I haven't been to any other dimsum restaurant here in Vegas, so I can't compare to others, but this once is delicious.They have a good variety of dishes.  I love the stuffed taro, the baked and steamed pork shumai, the chow mein, the chinese broccoli...  I love it all.The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because of the service, not the food.Often you have to wave someone down to get them to refill your drink. Also, some times I will request a dish and they just never bring it by for us.  Besides those minor details, this is a great place to dine!*Can't review the regular menu because we also get the dimsum.
5	I'm 100% Chinese, from Taiwan to Irvine to San Francisco and have had my share of yummy Dim Sum. Since moving to LV,Orchid Garden is the best Dim Sum I've had in the past two years. The service was quick and had lots of variety of dishes. I tried the radish cakes, suimai, bbq pork buns, hai gao and got so full I had to take the rest home. Authentic and flavorful. My new go to place when I'm craving Dim Sum!
2	Good food...but won't return because they sell shark fin items. And I don't believe in finning a shark and because I don't know how it was harvested (properly or not) I won't be returning to eat there.
3	I've been here about 4 times and I pretty much know what I like and don't like here.  The Baked Cream Buns are a must.  Everything else is average or I know what not to order.We asked for the Steamed Spare Ribs and finally got 2 orders delivered to our table.I never saw the Sweet Sticky Rice come by, but  I suppose we could have special ordered it.We ordered the Chinese Broccoli, Chive Dumplings, Steamed Spare Ribs, Har Gow, Shiu Mai, Shark Fin Dumplings, Shrimp Paste in Green Bell Pepper, Shrimp Paste in Eggplant, Sticky Sweet Rice in Lotus Leaf, Taro Balls, Sesame Seed Balls, and Baked Sweet Cream Buns.We will be back.
4	Came here after a long crazy Vegas weekend and it was the best meal to have before the long ride back to San Diego. I love dimsum and this place did not disappoint. It had all the basic dimsum plates and it is a big restaurant to seat big families and groups. We had great service and I really enjoyed eating here! I hope to come back next time when I am in Vegas!
4	I love dim sum and this is the best place to get it, here in Vegas! The only thing is, the ladies are non-stop! Haha it can be a good thing or a bad thing. But none the less their food is amazingly tasty, and fresh! And OMG! You have to, have to try their baked pork buns!! So warm and fresh! I must say it was my favorite! I actually wanted to get some kind of dessert but these bad boys were calling my name! I had to get them! Though I was still kind of hungry I wanted to stop so I would have room for some dessert. So instead I chose these. So sweet and savory! I'm gonna have dreams about them now. :)
3	They do seem to have dim sum all day.  It was good.  Not spectacular, but what I'd call workmanlike dim sum.  Also, being well off the strip, it's easy to get to and easy to park.I didn't get the feeling of being an unwelcome obstruction that some dim sum places exude.  It's a little hard to appreciate a dim sum place when you're there solo, so maybe they deserve another star.  Too bad there's no 3 1/2 rating....
4	For good dim sum in Las Vegas, you probably won't find a much better place than Orchids Garden.  Because of their all day dim sum dining, the place is steadily busy!We finally decided to try Orchids Garden because we kept hearing about it.  There are a ton of places on Spring Mountain that cater to the dim sum crowd but Orchids Garden off of Sahara kept coming up.  Off to dim sum we go!The lady and I went on a Saturday for lunch time and it was no joke, the restaurant was full!  There were people shouting and whistling as carts full of wonderful dim sum were whizzing around the dining area.  There was steam and foul-sounding Chinese language everywhere!  Definitely nice to see the hustle and bustle.  Gotta get your dim sum order in before the cart runs out and you have to wait!After being seated we were given a regular restaurant menu and the dim sum menu.  It was a nice touch, prices were given in categories, and pictures were used for the various dim sum to make it easier for patrons who are not familiar with the art of dumplings.  I've watched dim sum making before, and damn, it truly is an art because you gotta be patient and be able to put out quality dim sum in almost no time flat.  Oh my aching hands!Orchids Garden dim sum is fairly priced.  Still a bit more than dim sum from places like Cali, but not bad for Vegas standards.  All dim sum dishes range from around $2 - $6 area, and there is something for just about everyone.  Me?  I love sticking to the cheap, cheap, cheap end of the dim sum spectrum.  I think all dim sum should be cheap!  It's supposed to be akin to street food!  Who the heck wants to pay $6 for friggin' Chinese broccoli?  I don't.  Some of our faves:-Steamed chicken feet (love it)-Steamed BBQ pork bun-Pan fried daikon cake-Baked BBQ pork bun (yummy)-Shrimp har gow-Pan fried chives dumpling (chive-y)-Beef in rice noodle-Mushroom shiu maiThe chicken feet here are fantastic!  Sticky, fatty, and delicious with a bowl of hot white rice.  We employ multiple orders of this whenever we go.  I am also a big fan of the chives dumpling since I am an onion lover.  Each of the dim sum above is in the $2 - $4 range for each serving.  Not too cheap but not so expensive it breaks the bank.  I've had better dim sum in other places but I think for Las Vegas it is pretty good.  Not to mention, dim sum all day?  It appeals to a lot of (drunk @$$)people here.  I've seen the restaurant menu but have yet to try anything off of it.  But it does have a massive amount of choices which is good.  But for now, dim sum me up...baby!Verdict?  Orchids Garden is a good spot for some decent dim sum.  They are fast, effective, and your dim sum comes out nice and steamy.  Service for us was OK, although some folks say the service can be a bit rude.  But then again, Chinese restaurants aren't always known for having the best service.  So the next time you have a dim sum craving and can't decide where to go, give Orchids Garden a try.  Just remember, it's off of Sahara and not Spring Mountain!
3	Not bad dim sum at all. Went to this place for dinner. Not a fancy dim sum place but if you're hungry and craving for cantonese food this restaurant will do it!Service was ok and carts came pretty fast as we sat down, especially since the place wasn't packed.
4	One of the best dim sum in Vegas, good prices and friendly service, can't beat dim sum all day!
5	I honestly think the best dim sum in the world. You must try the sticky rice, crab balls and shrimp balls. Scrumptious!
5	Excellent dim sum.Four people, no liquor, tip included $85.Food excellent. Service excellent. Ambiance loud but my father always told me "if the locals (Orientals) eat there, the restaurant must be good".Please take note of the free, monthly emailed Newsletter:OPENINGS AND CLOSINGS IN LAS VEGAS.by Bill Mandel (billhere), Publisher.You will be notified of the new things that are opening in Las Vegas and yes, even the things that are closing. No hype just honest reporting. NO ads and did I say it's FREE.We are in our 16th year of publication.Welcome to Vegas.TO JOIN, JUST GO ON THE INTERNET TO:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~www.lvopenings.com
4	First visit and I was not sure what to expect.  Was not to sure what this whole dim sum thing was about only that it was small portions that came to you on carts and you just picked what you wanted. Went with 2 girlfriends from school and we were hungry. We ended up getting 9 plates to share. It did not seem like a lot of food because everything came in 3s. Three small potstickers, three small pork balls, three small this, and that. Well we were so wrong.    After eating all the different things we had to be rolled out of there. Place was good, only problem is you don't know how much things cost when they are wheeling them around. They ask if you want it, you say yes, they give it to you then they take a stamp and place it on A,B,C etc.  at the end they take your ticket and bring you back your bill with the price. Everything in Chinese except the dollar amount. I would go back and give it another try. Like I said food was good. It was kept hog and fresh.
4	Dim sum is served hot and tasty and the carts just keep coming and the women are assertive and try to get you to order the dishes off the cart!  Must better experience this time around
3	Meh. For me, nothing special. Dimsum items: Shumai was good. Calamari was not good. The shrimp rice noodle was disappointing. Edible but blah! Menu items: noodles and lobster were good. Overall, I think it's 2 to 3 star rating. I'm giving it a 3 since I wasn't able to try their other dimsum items. I'll probably come back but not anytime soon.
3	The restaurant is a little far  from China town. I came here for yum cha. Its is very delicious w/ decent price but has too much MSG that my friend had major headache (he is allergy to MSG).
3	came on a sunday for dimsum about 11:30 and had a small wait maybe 5-10mins. but by the time we finished there was a pretty big crowd waiting for seating. the carts seemed to be speeding off somewhere and never wanting to stop at each table which i thought was really weird. i had to literally holler for them to stop. between 6 of us, we had maybe 17 dishes or so and the bill was 70 with tips! fairly reasonable. the tendon and chow fun was one of our faves. most of the other dishes were satisfying enough but lacked flavor that we have in NY.
1	I came here based on the recommendation of a non-Chinese friend - yes my bad !  It was packed but not with Cantonese like at the other famous dim sum in Vegas at Rio - it's probably the worst dim sum I have ever eaten. Shrimp Dumpling () no flavor and the skin literally fell apart , chicken feet were bland and no trace of black bean , seasoning or anything just drowned in oily sludge, cold and flavorless egg tart , I left most of the food I ordered - nothing going by on the trolley looked appetizing - my guess is this place has a reputation with the local Filipino and Caucasian community and its days are past. The prices at KJ Seafood at Rio are no different and the selection is much better and well prepared not to mention clean and modern environment more like what you would find in Hong Kong .  I guess the all day dimsum is even worse because I came at prime time for dim sum on Saturday at 2pm.
4	Most of the Chinese restaurants in Las Vegas serving dim-sum are pretty good.Quality at most of them seems to never quite constant. I was told many of the dim-sum chefs do not stay at one place too long; or staying in Las Vegas too long (too much temptation from gambling).We like the Orchids Garden because they serve dim-sum all day.Wish they would fit the parking lot at the back.
3	Pretty busy when we came but we didn't have to wait long. My gf ordered a coffee and said it tasted like crap so she asked for another one. The food was good and the same as other dim sum places I have been to in LA. Prices are reasonable also.
1	For those of you that think this place serves great dim sum: you need to know that dim sum is suppose to be served warm. We ordered about 8 dishes that are suppose to be warm, but not a single one was served any better than lukewarm.
1	I came here for dimsum. My friend loves this place so I tried... 3 times. I want to like this place but quality is just not there. Oil tasted stale, steam are ok. I will not go back again, or recommend. I am done!
3	The good thing about Orchids Garden is that they serve dim sum all day. The food is pretty good but I can't say it's my favorite place for dim sum.What's good about dim sum is that each dish is inexpensive and you can sample a variety of food. I always get Chinese broccoli, shumai, BBQ pork buns, stir-fried noodles, shrimp wontons, shrimp balls, minced meat balls, sesame balls...and whatever balls they have. These are my favorites and what I would normally get at any restaurant that serves dim sum. Their shrimp wontons aren't the best. Now, what really turns me off with this place is that they nuke their food in the microwave. I love roast pork and that's just one of the best examples of food they microwave. The meat is warm but the skin gets chewy, no crisp and just unenjoyable.The key to a good Chinese restaurant is the service. If the servers speak good English and are friendly, go somewhere else!
3	Not to bad, I may think about going back to this place. The only item that tasted a little foul was the calamari.
4	Good food, clean restaurant, attentive service. Dim Sum all day, nice. First time I had chicken feet and it was really delicious. If you have had dim sum at San Francisco's Ton Kiang, the dim sum will taste average to good.
4	Had Dim Sum in Hong Kong, drove by here and had to stop in. Ordered Shumai, BBQ pork buns (both baked and steamed), and various other dishes and all were excellent. The taro and the baked pork buns were really wonderful. You order from carts, and it is a fun, delicious way to have lunch. The staff was friendly and service was very good.
3	There are probably four dedicated dim sum joints in Vegas now, after visiting the other three, this was the only left I have yet to try.  We arrived about noon and seated rather quickly despite the whole dining room being full of people.The dim sum quality was a bit disappointing for Vegas standard.  Shu Mai was very gross with just pork inside.  Rice Rolls were ok.  Fruit Tart and Coconut Buns were conceptually interesting. Chicken Feets were too saucy. Xiaolongbao, cannot expect much from non-Shanghainese joint.  Everything else was at par.  The dim sum ladies were very aggressive in selling their items, almost like a 5 minutes repeating cycle asking to get something without realizing our table was already full.Orchid Garden was ok neighborhood dim sum joint, and I suppose the locals would visit here more often due to the logistic and distance away the tourist crowd near the Strip.
5	I have eaten here twice and it is so good. I love this place and trying all of the delicious foods that come around. Their shrimp dumplings are something magical, I can't get enough of them. The steam buns are perfectly chewy and sweet and the meat inside is flavorful. The service was on point, almost too on point... They are always there to swap your empty plates with steaming, hot goodness in no time making for a very filling experience. I can't wait to bring more people here.
1	We were told to go here for Dim Sum because they serve it all day long.  Yes this is true, but I hope to never have the "pleasure" of having their food again.  Nothing was fresh, many things were still frozen on the inside and our table was dirty.On top of everything else if it were really a great financial deal I would still tell people to go here and get a cheap meal, but it cost as much as our favorite dim sum spot does who has exceptional food.  BIG hint, there weren't any Asian clientele.  They definitely cater to an American client who doesn't know better.This is a definite pass for us.
2	This place is awful I don't know why the ratings are so high. The service is bad. The food is filled with MSG. My lips are burning as I finished my food. All their offerings are nothing special. The food is not high-quality. Nothing else to comment except don't go here.
4	Great, fast Dim Sum!  We got here at about 6:00 on a Sunday and I was a little concerned that they would be out of some of my favorites but they had everything. It was all really fresh and delicious!  The cart ladies were really friendly and helpful and came around many times. We had:Steamed BBQ pork bunDeep fried meat ballSteamed pork shiu MaiShrimp pasted bell pepperChow meinCalamariBaked sweet cream bunMy favorites were the BBQ pork bun, shui mai and the cream bun but really everything was amazing. Our total with hot tea and water to drink was $ 28!  A deal for two people to eat until we almost burst. We will definitely be back!!
3	My wife and I decided to try this place out for lunch.   We are originally from Hawaii and to find a place that does DIM SUM for lunch in Vegas is worth a try.   All the items delivered to the table were hot and fresh, however we were kind of turned off by the aggressive waitresses.   The circle the room and despite your table being full of plates, they still try to push more food on you.   Can't say this is the best we have had , because we have had much better.  VERY PRICEY, we will not be going back.  Overall ok but not worth the price.
5	We always eat here everytime we.visit Las Vegas. Great dim sum, reasonable price. Service is great. No wonder it is packed. wil definitely come again.
1	This place is garbage! The dim sum is cold and the taro taste like ammonia. Stay away from this restaurant.
4	Good dim sum. They fill a need quite well.  Them carts came around so often, we had to wave them off almost as many times.  No msg headache here.  Monkey shall return for all the usuals.  Dim Sum served all day, so no big rush, so long as you are hungry.
3	This was the first and only all dim sum place I've been to in Vegas and have been really lazy to venture out into something else. It's opened 24 hours and parking isn't horrible, but can sometimes get packed during weekend afternoons. Sometimes guests are turned off by the aggressive nature of the people handling the carts, but I completely get it, it's their job. I just smile and say "no thank you".  The dining room is huge, so even if there is a long wait, the wait isn't so bad. My favorite items are the BBQ pork buns, custard buns for dessert and the fried shrimp dim sum that you can completely engulf in the yummy mayo sauce they have. They do have a regular menu you can order off of too, if dim sum isn't your thing. If anyone has any other good dim sum recommendations in the Vegas area, please let me know :D
2	Meh. Okay food. Three stars because I was hugely disgusted by my water. Check then picture I added.
5	We live in Vegas part of the year and this is our fave for dim sum, great taste, great price, great service.  And of course, food arrives right as you sit down, which is awesome when you are hungry.
3	I like their chicken feet a lot. It melts in your mouth. The place itself is not so great but the dimsum is good enough but not exactly great.
4	Very good and affordable. The food is filling and their dimsum is the best. We'll definitely come back. :)
5	Dim sum served all day? Yes! Get in my belly!! This was my fist time that I've had dim sum served from the cart. I know I know that's odd especially since I've only eaten dim sum in Cali. But when I had dim sum, it was the type where you ordered what you wanted by marking it on a piece of paper. I seriously felt like a glutton. I came here with my cousin and her family and I think they were secretly making fun of me because I wanted everything! The lady would come by and I would grab everything from the cart! Hey for my first time at this place, I wanted to try it all! The list of the few items I didn't like is shorter than what I did. I can't remember the names off the top of my head but I do remember that the crab wontons and their mayonnaise sauce was to die for!
3	Nice Prices, Good Food, Okay Service...It was a nice place to have brunch at with my girls. It was new to me. Dim Sum was awesome and all the other foods were good. I would go back again.
5	So far this is my favorite dim sum place. Service is good and fast. Carts keep coming!
4	I've been coming here for Dim Sum for as long as I can remember. I always come for the Pan Fried Chive Dumpling, my favorite of all time. They give you a dim sum menu so you know what everything is or you can tell the ladies what you want & they'll send the cart over. They still come around anyway. If you don't see what you were looking for in the menu just ask. Some items are made to order. I just learned that actually on my last visit. You can also order from the regular menu if you want. The hot tea is good too.
4	This place is so awesome. It has yummy food and it is a great place to be able to hang out with friends. The carts are always coming and I love the atmosphere. ^o^
4	They serve the best pineapple buns in town! "Balo Bao" is small little baked buns with a yellow top crust. Their's is filled with a custard and are soooo yummy! The rest of the dim sum is pretty average. Expect a wait on the weekends if you come between 11:30 and 1pm.Fun place to bring a group of 4 or more. 6 to 8 people is ideal so you can try a bunch of different things. They also do a good Chow Fun that's "sup chow" AKA wet.  I know that doesn't mean a lot to most.... but if you get what I'm sayin' ... it's good.
4	Great dim sum.  I don't get here as often as I'd like,  but it's a solid place to go.
3	The food wss average, portions small, service was goodprice was reasonable . I did like  beef chow fun .we did not have to wait
5	I love coming here for dimsum. They have a great staff and the food is great. The prices are not bad niether about $80 for 11 people you can't beat that. I would definatly reccomend this place
3	This is definitely a study in chaos. It took about ten minutes to get a table. We were hungry. My husband delighted in the pork buns, which had a delightful maple accent. I found them a tad sweet. The steamed chive dumplings were wonderfully savory. I found the calamari a bit greasy and off putting. The duck was tender, but not outstanding. The skin lacked that extra crisp texture. The shumai were fantastic. Perhaps I'm being elitist, but I don't understand how any restaurant worth it's salt can't have fresh ground pepper.Look for the full, hot, steaming carts. Few items=old and cold.The service was what you would expect for dim sum. If you're looking for something more than descriptive, go elsewhere. The service is fast and the food is plentiful. Don't be afraid to say no, or you'll risk over ordering.Definitely a place I'll check out again.
2	The food is still ok.. Not as good as it used to be about a year back.. Waitress have no manners and are grumpy...
4	We were driving down the street the other night and saw this beautiful building with a lot of cars in the parking lot. So we stopped and grabbed a bite. The dining area is very large, I was quite surprised. They do Dim Sum all day, which is awesome. The ladies who go around to the tables know what is in each of the dishes too. That's unusual for some of the places I've been. We ordered egg rolls, shrimp in lobster sauce, sweet & sour chicken & chicken fried rice. The egg rolls were good, nothing to write home about which is sometimes a good thing. The shrimp in lobster sauce was a little more soupy than we expected, but it was a new dish to us so it was worth a try. The sweet & sour chicken, though, was AMAZING. I have NEVER had such tender chicken in my life. I seriously asked the waiter if this was really chicken. He laughed & said yes. I was completely blown away by how delicious this dish was. For that matter alone, I would go and will go back again. Great service, amazing sweet & sour chicken & Dim Sum all day! Plus it's 5 minutes it from my house. Gets a good review in my book!
4	Loved it. Good service, a lot of carts coming through. Decent selection, although that could be better but everything I had was really good. The cost is reasonable too, two of us ate until we couldn't eat any more and it was about $35. Very busy in there so there is a lot of turn over of food and tables = freshness. I had the cream bun for dessert which was excellent, crusty on the outside but soft and creamy sweet goodness on the inside. Also, had the bbq steamed bun, chinese broccoli, eggplant, shrimp balls and a number of other things that I can't remember but everything we had was great.
4	I normally write reviews the same day but was a bit too busy.   Arrived Sat around 1pm.  The place was packed but minimal wait.  They are well schooled in turning tables but I never saw anyone get rushed.   As a dim sum restaurant should be, it was gloriously noisy with laughter,  children and men toasting with their beer. While the clientele is mostly asian most of the cart ladies do speak minimal English I guess because of the restaurant's proximity to the Strip.   BTW...the parking lot is large but tight so be careful in playing bumper cars.The food is well executed and fresh.  The carts do move fast so you sometimes have to shout (politely of course) to get them to stop.  The Chinese broccoli was cooked and still crunchy,  the Chinese meatballs were soft and unctuous!   The chicken feet were savory and melt in your mouth!  I only wish there was a bit more of the stock they were simmered in...  The shu mai were tasty and steamed well.  I didn't see any tripe dishes offered but I could have missed them   As I was getting full I saw some of the steamed clams go by...will try next time.  I finished with sweet tofu and ginger syrup.  I love it!  Best of all. ...all that food for $20....better quality food and service than Harbor Palace in Chinatown Square. Solid dim sim Experience!   Will be back....
3	Went here with family. Very busy restaurant, the food was decent, nothing special.Customer service was ok, some were rude.Pineapple buns are bomb!The parking sucked.
2	We always see the commercial at TFC and intrigued by this whole day dim sum spot so we gave it a try. Decor and ambience is your average Chinese restaurant.  We were seated right away and immediately served by one of the carts. In addition to the typical dim sum offerings, we were Pleasantly surprised that they have chow mein, steamed clams and shark's fin siomai. Disappointed that they don't have the fried seaweed roll and they don't automaticAlly serve the mustard/chili combo sauce. Towards the middle of our meal, my friend was speechless and immobilized as a small cockroach started walking across the table in front of her, it was small and didn't touch the food, but it's still a cockroach!! It made us wonder if the dining area has cockroach, how about tHe kitchen full of food?  We don't know if we're coming back.
4	If you've ever read my reviews or know me in real life, you would know that I value consistency. And it's exactly this that saves Orchid Garden from all of its downfalls.Weak tea and decent food. Sometimes the carts take forever to make it back to you but some carts seem to stop by every 5 minutes. It's always the ones we want that never seem to come around.The service is pretty good though, and the hosts and cart ladies are always attentive and err on the friendly side, despite the fact that I am Chinese and cannot speak it (which is apparently a sin). Prices are also attractive, especially for a light lunch or for those who don't prefer to stuff themselves senseless.Any dishes with noodles (such as the big fat ones with shrimp inside) are okay - not the softest but still satisfies my craving. Harkow and shumai is decent as well. I always like getting beef tendon, egg tarts, and this crispy fluffy taro bun.I've never had to wait but the majority of tables in the wide-open eating space is occupied. Of course, my favorite aspect of Orchids is the consistency. Every time I've been there, I know what to expect and it's great for when I crave dim sum that won't hurt my wallet. Good location and ample parking as well.
3	I think this is Vegas' go-to place for Dim-Sum. They serve dim-sum all the live long day and it's alright. But come to think of it, all of the dim-sum I've ever had in Vegas has just been ALRIGHT. If you know of a place that has 'exquisite' dim-sum in Vegas, let me know!....................Orchid's Garden is a huge building that is almost ALWAYS packed on the weekends. The rolling of the silver carts and cute little Chinese ladies yelling all sorts of things is the norm and without it, the dim-sum experience would suck. They're consistent and have about every dim-sum dish you can think of.
4	Not too familiar with dim sum, but overall I tought it was worthy of 4 stars.  It's a good value proposition, felt authentic, but the quality of the food could be a little better.Four of us are plenty withy left overs for $55.
4	"Shout out to the Asian girls. Let the lights dim sum."If you got a fancy for Chinese food and are extremely hungry definitely check this spot out.I don't really have high expectations for Chinese restaurants so this one is no exception. I've ate here twice and left both times with a belly full of food.I was never a fan of duck, but became one because of this place. I also need to add my love for shumai. If you don't have high expectations of a restaurant just give this place a shot.
3	My Sunday church.The only dimsum I kinda go to in Vegas. It gets busy on Sundays. That's when everything is made fresh. So many people coming in, therefore, they need to keep making food.I've never gotten sick form their food. But I've heard of stories. People just need to man up with their immune system.Service is aighhhttt. Expect to not understand what they're giving you. Ha. All you have to do is point and eat. Parking does get itchy with a B on weekends. Cause that's when everyone shows up.If you're hungover, this is your must stop.
4	Rarely do I give a 4 star but I had a good experience here. Quick, efficient service. Quality food, decent price. Definitely would come back again!!
5	I am a dim sum fan and this is the best in town.  The carts come out quickly and often (almost too often) but the dumplings are the tastiest.  The duck is yummy too.
5	If you're in need of a dumpling fix, PLEASE do check this place out. It's a definite must for dim sum!! You never have to worry about waiting for food because the steaming carts come around consistently. Some higly recommended dishes would be pork shiu mai, shrimp har gow, spinach dumpling and bbq pork bun. The dim sum selection is pretty wide-ranging and includes just about everything you'd expect. Ofcourse,  specializing in the Cantonese classics. As for dessert, the sweet cream bun is an absolute fav. ! These homemade steamed buns are soft and tender with just the right amount of sweetness. Not only is this restaurant affordable but their food is top quality.
4	We went around 6ish. ....Some of the food was room temp.....Overall food was good BUT the workers there were so rude.....they are so snippy! ! We came in and ask for a booth since they weren't super busy yet they gave us the biggest attitude. ...and while dining I can feel them stare us down.....With that kinda service I usually don't come back but the food is pretty good so I'll come back for that
4	3.5 stars, rounding up to 4. Partially because, lets get real, there are limited dim sum options here in Las Vegas. I was introduced to dim sum when I lived in the Bay area, so my standards are a little higher than your average bear.Came in for an early dinner at about 6PM.Love how they have the cart ladies circulating around with goodies- so many places in SF simply have you order from the menu and only have carts on Sundays or lunch service. Here you can do carts and also order menu dishes if you want.We got probably half the menu, including shrimp shu mai (tasty), shark dumplings (have to try), shrimp noodle roll (personal fave), fried shrimp ball (BF's fave), crab ball (star of the night, at $7/a pair), steamed pork bun (mediocre), chinese broccoli (must-have) and duck (which we didn't need at all but was tasty- especially with the sauce).Made the mistake of ordering the soup dumplings, which they said would take 10 minutes- and we waited and waited and waited. And my eyes are bigger than my stomach, so I got steamed pork buns while I waited (way too sweet, did not even finish one).  The lady told us they were "coming right out" four times. Eventually it was a solid half hour to get our three soup dumplings- and they weren't very good, and only had about a sip of soup inside of them. Underwhelming, would not get again.We spent just shy of $50, which is absurd for dim sum, but predictable for our over-ordering habits. It's probably also why we only have dim sum once every month or two. Dining room is nice, much larger than expected though you san see it's a large place from the outside. Service was friendly and attentive throughout, other than that ridiculous wait for the soup dumplings.
4	HOLY MOLY! I am still in shock that Las Vegas have such a delicious dim sum restaurant! Also they serve dim sum ALL DAY 10:30am-10:30pm!I'm from SoCal and I've been to soooo many different places and different restaurant to eat dim sum: San Diego, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Mexico, China, Hong Kong, etc. But I have to say Orchids Garden is definitely one of the top dim sum restaurants that I have ever been to. There prices are reasonably and the proportions and good for the price we pay. The taste of the food is absolutely amazing and delicious. Full of flavor in every bite! I didn't get to try everything but I definitely got to try a lot of them that they served. I would say 80% of what we ordered, I enjoyed. My favorites:- Steamed chicken feet - Pork shiu mai (must try!)- Steamed beef balls- Steamed beef ribs - Sweet tofu (the ginger doesn't overpower the sweetness flavor which I really like)I would have given this place a 5 star but the service was horrible. The host gave me a number  and told us the wait was around 15 mins. After waiting for about 25-30 mins, we went to go check our number on the wait and the host completely forgot to write down our number before she gave it to us so she's been skipping us the entire time when we were right in front of her waiting for our table. Good thing we went up to her to check and she sat us immediately right after. After being seated, we waited another 15 mins and I got really upset so my friend and I had to get up and tell the lady cleaning the table next to us if she can bring us some carts because we've been waiting for so long. She was very understanding and went to go get a cart and we went crazy and got at least 8-10 dishes at once hahaha. Even though the service was bad, this place still deserves a good review. I honestly can't wait to come back to vegas and go eat here again!
4	Surprised to find a dim sum place this good in Vegas. I might be rating it too high because we currently live in a small town with no dim sum options, but we were very happy both times that we came here on consecutive visits.
4	I have to agree with my friends, Ms. Stefany and Phillip T."The options for Dim Sum are limted in Las Vegas".  This as good as you are going to find for Dim Sum in Las Vegas. Unlike Cathy House, and other Chinese establishments in Las Vegas, the Dim Sum is prepared throughout the day, so you will get fresh, and not reheated, Dim Sum when the carts come around.I always do the Dim Sum. My wife used to order Chinese entrees, until she finally realized they were not that good, and switched back to Dim Sum. The place is large, and at lunch time, very loud. Dinner is a little less hectic.Service is on the slow side. In the Asian tradition, don't be affraid to raise your voice to get service at your table, or they may ignore you. They don't expect much of a tip, and don't appreciate a generous tip. Many of the Chinese patrons dont' tip; it's a cultural thing. If you are on a date, and want to impress someone with your knowledge for "off the strip" or "local" places, or simply to introduce some one to Dim Sum, this is a decent bet.If you are thinking of impressing someone with atmosphere, and deep conversation, go to Tao, a Rich Man's PF Chang's.
3	Fast and friendly service. The Dim Sum are very tasty. May favorite was the Fried Meatball, i was caught by surprised that the outside of it was made with mochi mmmmm! The Thai tea was also delicious.
5	Our party of 3  stopped for a late lunch on a Saturday.  Everything was fresh and well prepared.  The carts came around often and there was a large selection. The only negative was that some of the workers pushing the carts were almost impossible to understand when explaining what they had to offer.  We spent a lot of time saying "What?"
2	This place is a notch below OK. We've been so spoiled with many delicious Dim Sum places in California, so we're extra picky. My party of 4 was quickly seated on a Saturday afternoon. The carts had a good selection of everything we typically order. Chicken feetPork spareribs Shrimp har gowPork shumai Fried Taro cakeFried Pork and shrimp wontonsFried shrimp balls on crab clawsRice noodles rolls with shrimp (banh uot tom)Bbq pork bunChinese broccoli (cai lan)Congee (chao)Everything tasted average, and some dishes lacked the finesse and flavor that we're used to from the CA dim sum houses. The rice noodle rolls with shrimp weren't that great. It's upsetting since this is my absolute favorite dim sum dish. The noodle rolls were too dense. Also, sweet soy sauce was lacking flavor, it tasted watered down. The bbq pork buns had a tiny bit of bbq pork filling, it was mostly bread.The fried taro cake was greasier than it should of been.
4	Coming from San Diego, dim sum sucks down here. But oh my god, little did I know that this tiny dim sum place I found in Vegas would be so good!!! Best dim sum experience I've ever had and I plan to come here to get dim sum every time I come to Vegas :)Not only are there good dim sum here, it is so cheap as well!! AND they serve dim sum all day!!!! I recommend people to come here around 1ish after big wave of people have died down. The parking lot is also really big so no worries about trying to find parking! Also it is away from the strip so the wait is not long at all!Like any dim sum place, getting a seat is easy but getting the attention of the dim sum cart ladies are so difficult :( After a while of waiting I got impatient so asked the manager to see where the carts were at. She immediately brought the carts over herself and served us right away. Great customer service!!! I really appreciated that and boy my group ordered half from that cart!The quality of all of the dim sum were really good and definitely satisfied my cravings. ^_^ I will be seeing you soon when I'm in Vegas!!!I recommend:- Chicken Feet- Steamed BBQ Pork Bun- Shrimp Har Gow- Mushroom Shiu Mai- Pork Shiu Mai- Sweet Tofu- JUST TRY ANYTHING YOU SEE its so good!!!
3	Took a friend of mine to experience dim sum for the first time and we came here because of proximity to a car dealership. I informed my friend that dim sum is a combination of Cantonese fast food except them come to your table in carts and each server tries their best to sell you what is comparable to "Tapas or appetizers." I pick the traditional dishes and guess what my friend chose? He picks out "Chicken Feet," brave soul! Anyways the food is average, the portions are smaller than East Ocean and it's a little pricey. But I've got to give it props because when I looked around my friend was the only Caucasian in the room which means many Asians really like this place. Overall it's not a bad place.
3	This is the second time I've ever tried this restaurant. The first time was roughly around 16 years ago when I was small child. I didn't remember much except that we didn't get sick. (Insert drumroll here! )So I tried it out again with my mother today and I have to say the food was not bad. It was a typical Chinese restaurant but definitely a couple steps higher than the Chinese buffet. I had the chicken chow mein which was rather salty but pretty good. My mother had the moo goo gai pan which was decent. The service definitely was bad to say the least. I understand that we're right at the edge of Chinatown, however there was an entire staff that had a giant language barrier with me and my mother. After being in business all these years in America, you would think that the English would be getting a little bit better and better. Not so much. We sat down to eat ordered our food and then they brought it out in a to go box. Maybe they were trying to gives a hint to leave? Maybe because I had my 18-month-old son with me and they were dreading having to clean up after him? Honestly whatever the reason was they didn't get that we were there to dying in considering they set us we placed our order. They then brought our food which was lukewarm out to us to our plates to service and never refilled our water. When we get ready to pay we waited in line go to the cashier and realize that they just recently got a B rating from the health District. I wasn't that much of a happy camper.There are many other amazing Chinese restaurants as well as Chinese fusion restaurants and Thai restaurants in town but I feel more comfortable eating at. I tried this place because it's a little relieved .1 miles from my house. But I don't think I'll be going here again.
4	The parents love this place, for its various dim sum selections at very reasonable prices!!  The restaurant is extremely packed during lunch hours on weekends but the table turnover rate is super high; so, if you have just 4-6 people in a party, you prolly just have to wait around 15 minutes to be seated.  Anyhoo, the dim sum is totally worth the wait!  The four of us had a lot of dim sum (see pictures) of which all were delicious, and the bill came out to be only $47, including tax and tips already!  My most favorite dim sum was the fried taro puff pastry, inside which the taro paste was savory and velvety like melted, and the puff pastry was light and crispy!  I LOOOOVVVED IT!!
5	Had dim sum today 2/2/14.  Very good service today even though it was super busy.  All of the different food was good.
4	BEST DIM SUM IN TOWN!! You get in quick good is great staff is friendly. Nothing better!!
4	Food was delicious. Service was meh some servers were great and some would look at me like I was crazy when I asked a question.  The food makes up for it though
3	Its hard to find dim sum in vegas when we tried it last weekend I find it ok. I enjoyed the chicken feet and thai tea. A little pricey for some of the food in the menu. We waited for the dim sum cart to come around and it wasn't that quick as everyone say. We will try this place again when we crave for it!
4	I gauge my ratings based on if I'd come back to an establishment or not. 1 star = HELL NO. 2 stars = No, thanks. 3 stars = maybe?. 4 stars = YEP. 5 stars = HELL YEAH! I give this dim sum place a 4 star, and I'd gladly come back when I'm on my usual visit to Vegas.One of the better dim sum places I've been to; the only better ones are in the bay area. Service is usually mediocre at all dim sum places, but this one was better than others.  The food quality was great; it has everything that a usual dim sum place has.  I was also happy that they had thai tea, which tasted great.  Overall, I was content with the price and quality I received.Good job, Orchids Garden.  Keep it up.
5	Keep coming back!!!!!!!!!!!Always satisfied!I cant leave vegas without eating here!Love this placeWorth it!Fast service!:))
2	Food here is great i love it. I have been coming here for the past year. I am finally writing a review because I have had it with their nasty service. Horrible horrible horrible! I understand they don't speak English. I ask for water, they JUST TURN AROUND. You ask for anything, they give you the dirty look and not respond to anything. AT THE VERY LEAST SAY YES OR NO!!! I'm sorry but your service is disgusting.
5	The food here is cheap and simple. If you are looking for some good Dim Sum this is the place to go.
4	Pretty good place. First time trying dim sum. The carts came out very fast.  Service was good &  so was the food. I wish I could've ordered more because everything looked good but I got full pretty fast. But shout out to the pork siomai...the best, it was so good! I'd definitely come back next time I'm in Vegas =)
3	Dim sum...at night! i guess thats a big plus here but dont get it twisted folks the dim sum at night is very limited.. and i think sometimes they use old food from the morning so they dont waste anything.i will say this place is reasonably priced and there is a couple things that i find very tasty here.. Chicken Feet (4/5)Beef tendon (4/5) Both of these dishes are awesome and taste great. fried taro puffs my favorite thing (3/5 sometimes when you bite into this it leaves an iodine type smell that i find annoying sometimes)Now SHUMAI AND HAR-GO ( also my favorites) i rate 2/5 they need some work in this area this is your go to items and they should shineTofu Fa( hot tofu sweet dessert or starter ) 4/5 this is pretty good here its perfectly sweet and the tofu is very smooth. the issue i have sometimes at places when they dont execute this dish is that the texture of the tofu is grainy so i tend not to finsih but here i do .BEST THING ON THE MENU( Baked Bbq pork Cha Su Bao) the sticky one 5/5 this is my favorite thing here its so tasty and they put this sticky glaze on it to finish the first bite of this dish is awesome and i always tend to order this to go or i stack my table with 3 orders and take the rest home. its a good leftover as wellThis place is probably the most reliable as far as time because sometimes you crave dimsum at night and its not available but here you can get it
2	Very popular dim-sum place in Vegas. Esp. since its "Dim-Sum All Day". Been our dim-sum to-go spot until we had an unsanitary dinning experience here.. & honestly, would not be going back. Too disgusted! Me & my family were having dim sum for lunch when my sister lifted her silverware and napkin she found/ felt a live COCKROACH fall out onto the floor. Did not want to kill it until the manager saw that it was alive. Trapped it under plenty of napkins for the lady to see/kill it for herself. Had no appetite afterwards.. Had to wait for the food we had already ordered and refused to order anymore after we placed our first order. No manager came to speak or apologize to us. We were not acknowledged at all until we finally got our check and mentioned it to the lady at the register about it when we paid. Service was horrible & a clean & sanitary environment is important in the food industry!!!!
5	Great authentic Chinese food. If dim sum makes you uncertain they have a very comprehensive regular menu. Generals chicken, while basic, is full of flavor. Staff is excellent and very quick which is typical of legit Chinese establishments.
3	Craving dim sum? Unlike other Chinese restaurants who only serve dim sum in the AM, this place has got it all day. The carts keep coming, and there usually is no break in between them. Though some dishes are especially oily, it's mostly satisfying. They also have some of their entrees served in small portions on their dim sum carts. You don't even need to look at a menu. Always wash it down with hot tea!
1	Overpriced. Greasy. Not good.  What wasn't greasy was too salty. My first and last experience with dim sum. I would have rather set my hard earned $$ on fire.
1	They were shutdown due to too many health inspection demerits :(http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/dirty-dining/Dirty-Dining-Happys-Pizza-265623751.html?lc=Smart
4	Noisy, crowded, unorganized . Who cares! This is Vegas. Food is good. If you want tasty dimsum, this is the place.
4	Servers are friendly and organized. I would recommend the beef tripe/tendon, short ribs and for dessert the sweet tofu. Definitely a place to visit when in Vegas with the family.
2	I only eat one thing from dim sum carts, the steamed pork buns. These were ok, similar to the ones found in the frozen foods section at the supermarket. The food from the regular menu was nothing special either. For the price, I expected better.
4	First time here. We've heard some good things about this place and it was all true. The food was good. The service was fast and the dim sum was on point. My son is picky but he love it. He had seconds on the pork buns. We will definitely be back.
4	Great price!!!!Had Eggplant with shrimp, Pork Shumai (2), Rib, Chinese Broccoli, Crab Balls, Steamed rice, and Mango Pudding for about $36?  1 less star since eggplant was not hot......  But I will visit there again.
1	The food is mediocre here at best. Don't come here if you don't want to be treated like crooks ! As we are walking to pay the lady screams across the room to a waiter in chinese to "watch us" these waiters need to be properly trained on manners and customer service. Next time please make sure the customers you are "watching" do not understand chinese. Also these waiters are not trained on on proper sanitation. He had his fingers in our cups and refilled our drinks right after he was done cleaning a table. Orchids garden will be losing 6 customers. Thanks but no thanks.
4	Getting my dim  sum fix. It's been awhile.  Service is okay. Go early and stay late. Dishes come out on carts and you chose your dim sum. Price went up but still good. I usually get the same items. Shu mai, baked pork buns, noodles, roast pork. About $20...I also get some dessert to go. Clean and it gets busy also..
4	Great dim sum. This is the first time we have been here in the evening. Even after 9pm the dim sum is steaming hot & they offer to make anything on the menu to order that we haven't seen on the carts. Delicious & great price quality ratio. Very attentive staff; excellent customer service!
1	The workers here barely speak English and when you try to explain to them they don't understand what's going on. I don't like it here they have bad attitudes
5	Ok, here's the deal. This place has a great selection of traditional dim sum choices.  Not the best in the world, but still excellent. Here's the kicker. . Orchid Garden serves their dim sum from mid morning until LATE in the evening.  This is a great concept, seeing as many times I want dim sum at other than the traditional serving times. I have been coming here for years and have never been disappointed. Try it, you'll love it! Staff here is very nice and prompt.
3	Went to Orchids in Vegas during our vacation because parents wanted to have Chinese food. Had to call a taxi from the strips since we didn't have a car. The place was huge but there weren't many people when we got there around noon time, which was good for us. The food was not stellar but it wasn't terrible. It's just okay, average. I wouldn't mind going back if I'm in the area again.
3	There service is okay. Sometimes they'll skip you in the rotation. But here is the gist. It's the best place to get dim sum in Vegas. It's not on Cali's level but it suffices my appetite. Plus it's open 24/7.
1	This place is the worst restaurant in Vegas. Services, food, and dinning area are failed. I was surprised that  Health Dept shut it down SO LATE in July 2014.My family was dinning there few times and the foods and services are getting worse and worse. I speak their language and hear they bad month their customers, who obviously dont understand Chinese. Services is the worst part, i have to go to their stations to get my tea cups after i asked for assistance about missing tea cups from our table. It took me few minutes to find 2 clean cups! Yes, they serve dim sum all day, BIG DEAL! Those dim sum will stay in the carts until they are sold. The heat in those carts are weak, go figure how fresh they are.Be careful what they charge u on the check! We found couple times they over charged us on what we did not order.We are going dim sum somewhere else nowadays. We will never return to this place unless it has a new owner. This will happen really soon. Mark my word!
5	The service and quality is amazing. I would come here every time for dim sum and amazing egg drop soup. Try the har gow. Chicken feet -perfect. Get some hot green tea to open up your stomach and lemonade def worth it
4	Good food and fast service. Price was good too for the amount we ate. Definitely recommend this place
1	SO GLAD THIS PLACE HAS BEEN SHUT DOWN. Reading about the sanitation violations reported by inspectors kind of makes me want to tear my insides out.I can't understand how this place got three and a half stars; the only explanation that comes to mind is that Vegas isn't the prime place for Asian food, but I don't think it's that unreasonable for people to have taste buds, much less standards.  Orchids boasted of its giant dining and 24-hr dim sum service, but from what I could tell, that was the source of all its problems. It was near impossible to flag down carts with their ill-tempered servers, and the food was usually lukewarm, sometimes even cold. Reminiscent of mass processed foods, dim sum here was oily, skimpy, and of such poor quality I could barely tell meat from grease. The room is pure chaos, noisy and unorganized, with empty tables sitting uncleared, piled with dirty dishes. All this, for more than $20 per person. I could barely eat. This has been the biggest disappointment yet, given my impression from Yelp. Peeps, please be more aware of what you're eating before you review.
1	Horrible service, servers feel that they are irritated when serving me and my friends. Didn't feel too comfortable with the server helping us out. When I asked the server to take a picture, she also felt irritated to do so. However, the food was good just not the service.
2	I come from the San Gabriel Valley... so of course my standards for dim sum is a lot higher than the average Joe. With that said, this restaurant's food was terrible. I could tell that some of the food was the microwaveable kind and none of it tasted flavorful or fresh. The skin of the Har Gow and Shau Mai was practically melting and falling apart. The white rice cake dessert that I love love love, was also falling apart. It all tasted overly cooked/steamed and had no flavor. I guess if you are in Vegas and want dim sum, then this is a good option for you. As for me, I do not plan on coming back.
5	Another day, another family Chinese dinner. We seriously love going out for Chinese whenever we're celebrating something or we're just near a Chinese restaurant. And we love dim sum. The fact that this place serves dim sum all day is a bonus.We got there at around 8 pm. The place had a decent amount of patrons, but had plenty of free tables. We got our usual dim sum staples of pork siu mai, shrimp balls, and miscellaneous dumplings. We also ordered Sesame Chicken and Hong Kong-style Noodles with Seafood.The dim sum was pretty good considering it was in the evening. The sui mai was soft and pretty juicy. The shrimp balls were big and tasted great with the sweet mayo.  And I cannot recommend soy sauce mixed with some chili oil enough!The sesame chicken wasn't anything special. Good but nothing noteworthy. The Hong Kong-style noodles were great, though. More noodles and the sauce wasn't bland like at other places.The servers were also decently friendly, got us water, and speak English. Additionally, none of them mistook me for being Chinese! It was probably because my parents were with me and they look more non-Chinese than I.This is the first time we ate here. Thanks to my friends for recommending this place. I'm adding Orchids Garden to my list of go-to Chinese sit down restaurants.
5	Authentic Chinese dimsum at reasonable prices. The Baked Sweet Cream Buns are FANTASTIC and should not be looked over. I have been coming here for years because it is just like the Dimsum I had in Taipei and I have never had a bad experience.  The wait staff is friendly and the food is great. I highly recommend eatting here.
5	My fav dim sum spot in Vegas.  Easy to get to, park and get seated.  Food is consistently good.  Easy on the wallet too.
2	I went there yesterday based on the rating on Yelp and quite frankly I don't think they deserve that many stars. Many traditional dim sum dishes available and serve from carts but their food is not fresh and way too oily. The restaurant look outdated. I've been to many dim sum restaurants but this one is just Not Good. Customer service is pretty good.
4	Very crowded!  So many dim-sum to choose from!  I'm in dim-sum heaven!
5	Excellent service, dim sum, & custard-filled desserts!  Open till 10:30 too!  The employees are very friendly.
1	Dim Sum: - shrimp dumplings- radish cake - shui mai - beef ball - beef rice noodle - shrimp rice noodle - steam pork ribs - veggies NONE OF THEM WAS GOOD ! Stay away from this place! The service was horrible too! I feel like I wasted my time, my money and my Calories intake here !
4	Another foray into the world of dim sum was at hand, and since Orchid Gardens was a place we've wanted to try for a long time, we decided to give it a try.  We came here for an early dinner, 4:30ish, so we figured we were either going to get the fresh stuff they began preparing for dinner, or the bottom-of-the-barrel leftover from the lunch crowd.  Well, either they continuously make them or we got the first dinner batch, because everything was fresh.  After the somewhat frustrating experience at Ping Pang Pong with not enough of what I wanted, I was not-so-secretly hoping the menu would be more to my liking.  I was not disappointed.  Plenty of shu mai, dumplings, and har gows to satisfy my cravings.  The pork and shrimp based pieces were fresh and tasty, with a couple of complaints;  1) the rice wrappings on the har gow and rice noodle rolls had too much flour-y taste to them, and 2) the rice noodle rolls had too much of the rice noodles for the amount of shrimp.  Not sure there should be flour taste in rice noodles...  But otherwise, the shu mais and dumplings were great, and the pimento stuffed with shrimp dim sum was fantastic.  And the sweet cream buns were yummy too.  Clean setting, fresh and mostly delish dim sums, and timeliness all add up to a satisfying experience.  Service is typically terse for dim sum joints, although there were spots of smiles and courtesy here and there.  We might also want to try some regular menus here, although I'm not sure how we'd resist the temptation of the rolling carts!Table-for-1 Factor:  They also have regular Chinese menu here, but being that carts are rolling around all over and large groups abound, I don't know if you'd feel entirely comfortable sitting alone...
4	We went here yesterday for breakfast for the first time and didn't have to wait long for a table.  The dim sum was good.  My favorite was the coconut buns.  It was delicious!  The services were fast and friendly.   They stopped by with different foods every few minutes.
2	Friends wanted Dim Sum in Vegas, and Orchids was shown as the one spot on yelp that we should go to. The restaurant is large, and they have plenty of parking. Our party was seated really quick and there were a bunch of people eating here. It is a traditional Dim Sum style restaurant where you get the cart ladies strolling by promoting their food. While the quality is definitely not on par with the 626 in California, it was decent and the service was quick. Not sure if speaking Canto helped, but god damn they came by immediately and if one of the ladies didn't have what we wanted, the manager or hostess near by would place that order on the quickness.We orders all the usual items, like shu mai, and hai gow, which like i stated above, was decent, i've had way better back home at many other places. So overall, super great service, but mediocre dim sum
4	Tho this place seems pricer than the LA places. It hit the spot..most likely won't be for dim sum....but their Beijing pork chops ...ohhhhhh yes...it came out to be something like $10 something ...that's all I had so if I return I will update later :-)
4	Excellent lunch, lots of different dishes to try, i suggest trying them all. Don't be afraid to point and ask as you'll never know if you'll like it.
4	Having just moved to Vegas from L.A. two months ago, the hubby and I wanted to try out some dim sum for the first time. We have a lot of places to compare to, so we weren't expecting extraordinary food. However, we were pleasantly surprised to find this gem on the way to a gun range. Stopped in for lunch, it was excellent! The dim sum was very fresh and tasty, with a wide variety to choose from. My favorite was the ginger tripe and the hubs loved the tendon dish. We also ordered the house special fried rice....it was good, but not anything special. I have to admit, the service was beyond excellent - the staff was attentive, fast and nice, nothing like what we're used to at other chinese restaurants. The prices here are a little high given what we ordered, but we'll definitely be back again. You can't beat all day dim sum :)
4	I don't go anywhere else for a dimsum than here. Good service and food is ok. beef short ribs are to die for! I order every time the bbq pork buns, sticky and delicious! Lol I just wish they will open one near henderson this is place is a drive. Sunday is pretty packed so make sure you get here earlier before lunch rush.
4	Yum!  My first dim-sum experience (so if you're a huge dim sum connoisseur take this review with a grain of salt.)  This place was recommended by a few different friends.  Service was quick and friendly.  I was prepared to be rushed and not know what anything was but they actually told us what everything on the cart was (it wasn't busy....and us gringos didn't understand everything but tried most of it anyway).  It's good to know for your first time that the most expensive cart comes out first...but that's where the good stuff if!  The crab and shrimp balls we got were yummy.  The wonton (? i think?  It looks like a haystack) wrapped shrimp ball was my fav!  I'd return again.
4	The best place to go... It's the real deal. Just show up and follow your appetite, you'd know wa sip!!!
3	Mediocre dim sum. Nothing surprised me. Nothing was delicious.  But nothing sucked as well. A lot of the food is greasy. Pro: 24 hr dim sumI would go back if the food and customer service improved
1	Food isn't great. Wait for the  steam cart takes forever. Server doesn't clear table until ask and they give you that ugly look. I came here because Cathay restaurant is closed for renovation.
4	We planned on Sunday morning Dim Sum with our family, headed to our "usual" spot, Cathay House..."closed for repair", said the sign in the window so we headed to the closest and best rated spot on Yelp - Orchid. It was very good, we left happy and with full bellys. The only complaint was that the room temperature was too hot for me...my other family members didn't seem to mind. I love the culture here, the loud/rambunctious waitresses, the carts zipping around, the piping hot food and the gathering of family and friends!
4	Gr8 Chinese food in a lovely restaurant setting.  Favorable sauces, fresh ingredients and family-friendly.   Dim sum and traditional dishes w/a huge menu selection.  Good service but limited English.  Lots of parking and seating inside.  Bring your appetite.
4	Great dim sum! Take the time and try something new. It may seem like small amounts of food but it fills you up quick.Your eyes can easily get your stomach in trouble here!
3	Strangely enough, last night's visit to Orchids was only my second time ever having dim sum.  I am a bad Asian.  A friend invited several of us to celebrate her successful completion of her doctoral degree and to enjoy some dishes.  We chose a variety of dishes, including the chicken feet, the Chinese broccoli, the pork dumplings, turnip cakes, and Peking duck. Pros: plenty of parking, clean and updated bathroom (the sinks were those fancy glass basins that sit on top of the counter), and clean floor (yes, worth mentioning IMO!).  Service was pretty good, perhaps due to my friend being Taiwanese and speaking Cantonese!  The cart ladies came around often and prices seem reasonable, but I wouldn't know for certain because my friend treated us to dinner.  (Nice or what?)  Cons: personally, I liked the broccoli, pork dumplings, and turnip cakes the best.  I found the chicken feet greasy and lacking in texture; the skin tasted cold and sort of like congealed fat.  Same with the duck; while I enjoyed the flavor of the actual duck meat with the accompanying sauce, I thought the skin was more limp than crisp, which detracted from my overall enjoyment.Nothing was horrible, but nothing stood out as stellar.  It was a fun evening with some friends and I'm glad to have sampled some dim sum again, but I think I'll check out another Asian eatery next time.
1	The food is awesome but their customer service is horrible. When we ask for something they either gave us attitude and or ignore us. You know the service is so horrible when they bring our check and we did not even ask for it but the point is they not even busy!!!
4	Nothing was mindblowing but after a string of bad dim sum experiences lately this was a nice change. The selection that you would expect. Fresh food, good service,  reasonable prices, lots of parking.On a Sunday morning I was in and out in an hour at 11a.
4	Four great Dim Sum experiences here and even more great meals.Over the past 5 years I've introduced multiple people to this place and have always had positive comments from all.Love the food!
5	Love the quick service. Dim sum all day, good prices too and friendly staff. Must go to when in Vegas. Good food.
5	5 stars compared to the horrible dim sum places in Vegas, 4 stars compared to the ones I've been to in SF and LA. Clean, **acceptable** service, cheap and yummy. 4 things that are hard to find in other dim sum restaurants in Vegas. The carts came around very quickly with a large variety, also something I have yet to experience in Vegas. The dim sum was good, I will definitely be back. No more having to wait for a trip to Cali to get my dim sum fix!
1	Manager's attitude:First, with party of 25, mgr only wanted to give us 2 tables to fit 25 people. We requested 3 tables, first we got a big fat "NO". When I turned my back and start walking out, half way walk to out side, mgr changed mind to said "yes".  I could take this business to anywhere else yet family started arriving. By the the of dining, restaurant never reach 80% fillSanitary issue: This restaurant mixed drinking serve water glasses to guest with dirty dish tray on the same cart! Pissed poor services:dim sum cart keep passed with no stop even I ran after it, it won't come by. Until I called mgr to the table to ask why, then we start getting food. Employees were arguing loud with each other, fighting each other, giving orders to others. Bad manners.. Server even took time to argue with me because I want to add order to the my table, which turned into forever food below..Only table who did the family style order got their food as their order.Forever food:Pork belly and preserve vegetable takes 30 minutes? Why even bother put in the menu? Dim sum we want never available, next cart(x4) later.. Still nothing. Ordering:Try to order a simple cold chicken with ginger sauce, 20 minutes. Restaurant Bottom line:I HIGHLY NOT RECOMMEND TO EAT HERE ANY TIME OF THE YEAR. SANITARY ISSUE, BAD SERVICES, FOREVER FOOD WILL NEVER SHOW UP FROM MENU,
3	This is just an OK dim sum place who's saving grace is that they serve dim sum all day/night with a limited selection during off peak hours. Go to Ping Pang Pong instead unless you're craving shu mai at 10 pm.
1	Been here many of times every time I'm in town. But I never encountered such horrible service since today! Yes it's Chinese restaurant and what will I expect right?, and No, I am not stereotyping all Chinese restaurants, but this particular one for sure is the worst and beats all the stereotypical Chinese joints!Not just the language barrier but gees, the stinky attitude, the napkins that I requested since I sat down over an hour ago, the response I am getting. Now how the hell do you expect people to keep coming back here? Or Write a positive review? For the last 8 years I've been dining here, I will not be coming back here again!!!They probably don't even have a green card? Just saying...Be careful! I caught them adding items that I never ordered and receipts are in Chinese writing! And the cashier will also yell at you for their stupidity!!!
5	This is a 24h dim sum.  All the dishes were hot and on point.  They had a good selection of very reasonably priced items. Each cart contains items at at a certain price ranging from $2 for pork buns up to $6 for salt and pepper shrimp.  Great dim sum experience.
4	Good dim sum place to eat .. Especially that's their specialty. They have a good crowd. Very good on service. Food was great . Definitely come back here if I visit again.
4	Best dim sum you'll get for the price. We took some friends from the south so that they could get this cultural experience: good food, wide selection, mediocre service, & low price. I'm not knocking them for the service, I usually only get dim sum when it's really busy & crowded so I expect them to want us in & out of there asap. We grabbed like 8 different types of dishes for the table, but the har gow, pork buns (cha siu bao), & shumai: get that shit. Twice. Everything is super fresh, but these are the dishes I came for & they generally dominate any dim sum experience. Such was the case here. We payed about $60 for 5 of us ($12/person) & were stuffed when we finished. Parking was full, but I found a spot quick. It's a small drive from the strip, but not anything you should come to unless you designate the time if you've just come for the weekend.
4	Finally, got to eat my dimsum here :) Food was good, it's the same taste at the other resto that I've been too yay!! Went to eat around 800ish , but they don't have the cart that goes around but that's okay, the mean thing was the food was good to my taste:)The place was nice and pretty clean to me of all the dimsum I've been to:) Staff was okay , they are accommodating :) The only thing that i want them to serve even though it's sort of late, they should have the food or dessert that the costumer want to eat;( so never get my dessert that night:(But over all, I'll give them 8 out of ten:)Parking was nice,just infront of the resto...
3	Average Dim Sum, Pork Shumai -delishshrimp dumplings - delishduck - goodgreen stems of something - delishsticky rice - delishcalamari - horridServers and carts just like anywhere else, no point reviewing the service its dim sum they try to sell it to you, take it off the cart and move on, not there to make friends.$45 for three of us and let's face it anything that get's you off the strip is a good thing.
