5	I change my mind a lot about which Indian restaurant in Charlotte is my favorite, but I think I'm committing to Woodlands. First of all, if you're vegetarian, it's awesome to go to a restaurant where everything is safe. They have an organic menu as well, which is pretty exciting. The staff is really friendly, and the weekend buffet is amazing. They bring you these Indiany-burrito-like things...I think they're called Dosas. They are stuffed with spiced potatoes, and they rock. They also have this fruit custard, and their rice pudding is incomparable. The most interesting thing about this buffet is that they have free freakin' wireless. Who would ever have imagined going to an Indian buffet that has wireless? It's such a beautiful, dangerous combination. They're prices are pretty good as well. I don't remember the cost of the weekend buffet, but it's not bad. During the week, they have some great big plates that you can order for lunch that are all around $7 or $8.
5	So I have to admit that I am an Indian food snob. I went to school in NYC and ate on 6th street (aka Curry Row) 2 to 3 times a week, because it was cheap and tasty. Once I got a job and had a little cash to spend, I scoured Queens for the best buffets and samosa stands. I'm a little nuts about Indian.That being said, this is one of the reasons I'm culinarily comfy in Charlotte. Better than 90% of the Indian I've eaten, it's reasonably priced, traditionally spiced, has a fascinatingly diverse menu (Dosa's are amazing, and so are the curries! Their Szchecuan dishes taste like high-end chinese! CRAZY), and a sweet, if tho often harried, waitstaff. Very importantly: they trust you when you ask for "very spicy". If you tell them fry-me spicy, it comes out fry-me, crying, happy spicy. I can't tell you how often this is NOT the case, although my fellow Indian food snobs will understand how frustrating this can be.Probably my favorite restaurant in Charlotte, hands-down.
5	Wow, this was some of the best Indian food I've had, and I grew up in a neighborhood with dozens of Indian restaurants.  My favorite dishes were the papri chaat and sev puri.  Their spicy mysore dosa was excellent as well.Not big on ambiance, but the food rocks.Jai Hoooooo!
4	I need to go back here.  I went almost a year ago and loved it.  Will report back.
5	A group of friends and I needed to refuel after Ikea before making the drive back up to Durham and decided to indulge in a type of food that we can't really get back home: delicious vegetarian Indian!Taking the advice of previous reviewers, we ordered a Masala Dosa (excellent!  especially when combined with the slightly sweet coconut sauce that came on the side).  Since we had four people we also ordered the Paneer Tikka, Poori Bhaji, Aloo Gobi and the garlic naan.  The Paneer Tikka was delicious and that was a surprise bc normally I don't like Paneer anything.  This paneer was spicy and hot off the grill, with a cilantro, jalapeno, mint sauce that gave it an extra kick.  The Aloo Gobi and garlic naan are my go-to Indian dishes and having them here at Woodlands was a brand new experience.  A depth of flavor and subtlety I had never experienced before.   Really, I think all other Indian food may be ruined for me after this place!So, I think you can tell by my effusive praise that this place has great food.  They also have friendly employees but were obviously understaffed on a busy Saturday night (almost all the tables full at 8pm).  Our waiter forgot about our order of paneer until we reminded him and we never got our dessert at all.  I am also a bit of a clean freak and the bathrooms needed some attention in the mopping department...Since the food was so good I can overlook all that.  If Charlotte weren't outside my driving-while-hungry-range I would be back here every weekend!  If you live in Charlotte, please go have a Dosa for me!
4	Some friends and I tried Woodlands tonight and were not disappointed. The food is amazing. The Masala Dosa was delicious and the vada did not disappoint. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves indian food and pure vegetarian cuisine!
5	I really can't rave enough about this place.  It is so great to find a REALLY top notch Indian restaurant in Charlotte.  I've tried a few of their curries, and while all were great, the Malai Kofta (which I had never had before) really stood out.  It is in the most incredible curry sauce.   While I'm generally not a big fan of Dosas, I must admit that they are really quite good here.  Actually, I've been here four times, and I can't think of anything that ISN''T good.  The lunch menu is quite reasonable, and they have a well-stocked buffet on the weekends.  And those who are vegetarian-wary shouldn't be frightened away: this food is spiced so well, you will not miss the meat (I'm serious).  I guess the only negative is that service gets a little spotty (lack of water refills and lengthy check delivery)--something to be prepared for.  Fortunately, the food more than makes up for these minor deficiencies.
4	Woodlands always comes through for vegetarian Indian.  Even for the biggest lover of meat , vegetarian Indian is the best.  It is so good and spicy you don't even miss your favorite meat products.  If you haven't tried Indian food, I like to order a lot and eat family style.  So if it is a first visit bring a couple of people with you, so you can order more food. The menu is daunting at first glance, if you aren't familiar with Indian food, some of my favorites are the okra and tomatoes, chickpeas in tomato sauce, cheese in tomato sauce, eggplant - there are always plenty of lentil dishes.  Once when you get the Indian words down, you find your favorites fast.  Don't forget to order bread.  It is the most important part for dipping!  If you like it spicy- remember to tell them, because it is so much better spicy.  I might suggest ordering everything medium and one dish spicy, so then you can see what your comfort level is.  Woodlands is not much to look at - this restaurant is begging for a makeover, it could be so cute, but it is so broke down.  In fact, I prefer  take away rather than dining in.  If you judge restaurants by their restrooms, don't even go in.  Woodlands has awesome food.
4	If Woodlands isn't the best Indian restaurant in Charlotte then its a close second!  The food is De-Lish!  I am vegan and I love that they are willing to alter ingredients to accommodate my dietary requests.  They also offer organic dishes if you prefer.  So far, I haven't been disappointed and will continue to eat my little heart out at this restaurant.
4	I liked the Sunday buffet (opens at 11:30 am).  It's tucked away in a corner and doesn't look big at first, but once you start examining what's there it's quite a lot.  If you're not sure how to eat the food, just get in line after an Indian and see how he or she puts it together.  You'll need those stainless steel sauce cups for the dipping sauces.  A dosa comes with the buffet. The food is good here, but it's not "Oh My God!!" good, you know?  However, the desserts were spot on.  The gulab jamun was the best I've ever had--there was a good balance of the savory cheese and cardamon with the sweet syrup.
4	Solid four stars and I will return! At first when my husband and I arrived, there was only one other couple. However, by the time we were finished at least four other parties filled the place. The food was very flavorful! If you like spice, you'll find it in their dishes. We ordered the wheat bread with potatoes and spices. Fantastic! We also ordered a rice dish with a black lentil dish. Definitely order a few dishes and share; one entree would have been too much of the same flavor. When the dishes came out, the portion size looked small; however, looks were deceiving and we took home leftovers.The servers were nice and attentive. The atmosphere leaves you wanting, nothing flashy or upscale. The bathroom was clean, but worn for wear. I wish it were closer to where I live, but I will happily make the drive for some quality Indian cuisine. Definitely check this place out and keep them busy.
5	Wow.  OK, this is one of only two Indian restaurants I've found so far in Charlotte where the food tastes authentic.  We went there for dinner hungry and tried several things -- the appetizer sampler, which came with three different chutneys and sambar, and then channa masala and pongal avial as the main courses.  Everything was delicious, but the samosa on the appetizer plate was a highlight, as was the carrot pudding that we shared for dessert.  The pongal was super-traditional, just like something you'd get at a casual family dinner.  What we ordered was way too much food for two but I'm sure it will make great leftovers.  Albemarle Rd. isn't much for atmosphere, but the restaurant itself is pleasant.
4	I have tried just about everything on the Woodland's menu. The food is very good.  Recommended dishes are the rava dosa and idli.   I recommend the weekend lunch buffet before going for dinner.  You can try the sampling of food before you go for dinner.  Dosa is also including in the buffet.  Service at this restaurant is terrible.  Even when they are not full, waiters are slow.  The food is slow to arrive.  Terrible communication between wait staff and kitchen staff.  This is why I go during the lunch buffet.  Fine place for dinner but be ready to tolerate some slow service.
4	Excellent vegetarian Indian food. Everything we had was really good. I was dining there with my wife and we had to laugh when as it got later and darker inside from lack of sunlight they turned the lights up brighter. The opposite of what usually happens at restaurants. The bright lights and white walls took away from an intimate dining experience and the service isn't very good. But go for the food!
1	I went yesterday and had Gobi manchurian, Mysore Dosa.The Manchurian was bland and I could taste the flour in it. Dosa was equally tasteless.I have been there before and it had pretty good dosa's. Dunno what happened.
5	Yes to all of the above.  Woodlands is simply fantastic.Though we'd been wanting to try it for a while, we hadn't trekked out to Woodlands simply because it was (in our eyes) all the way out in the boonies off Albemarle Road.  Despite growing up in the CLT, I can count on one hand the times I have actually driven on Albemarle Road (imagine my surprise then, when we passed the old Eastland Mall, and I was all, "OHHHH... THIS is where Eastland used to be").  ANYWAY.Last night, however, searching for a restaurant that wasn't participating in Restaurant Week, we decided to head out to Woodlands, and we were pleasantly surprised when it took us less than 15 minutes to get out there.  Excellent.  Despite previous reviews, the exterior and decor weren't particularly off-putting... it seems to me that almost every great Indian place I've eaten at has a very similar set-up (Udipi in Cary, anyone?), so it felt like home.I do love opening a menu and knowing I can order anything off it.  This time, I settled on the chef's specialty of chana batura, and husband ordered aloo gobi and garlic naan.  The puffy bread with my dish was like a light, unsweetened funnel cake - fried, indulgent deliciousness - and it sopped up the chana so very well.  The chana were perfect.  Husband's aloo gobi was so delicate and tasty, and the garlic naan just blew me away.  Yum to absolutely everything.  We also ordered a couple samosas, which were also perfect... just the right amount of spice, and flaky beyond belief.The service was excellent, for what it's worth. Although we've got Maharani around the corner (which I like very much), as well as Copper (which underwhelms me, despite all its hoopla), I imagine we'll be making the well-worth-it drive out to Woodlands when we're in the mood for particularly fabulous Indian food.  Love this place.
5	First off, a very big THANK YOU to all of you Charlotte Yelpers who reviewed this place!!!!  Very nice to see honest, thoughtful reviews of places in town when I come in to visit my wife's family.  After looking up another Indian place to eat in the area I came across a listing for Woodlands made by other folks on Yelp.  Upon seeing so many positive reviews my wife and I decided to meet my in-laws there for dinner this evening.  Tucked back in a nondescript area across from an Inn-Town Suites and next to a strip mall shopping center, this place is an amazing find.  As one local Yelper  Tonya P. stated in a review, the menu can be daunting but our server was patient and took her time explaining various dishes to our party.  On her recommendation we ordered a sampler platter of various appetizers and was not disappointed. It was like a Nicholas Cage movie because it was "Gone In Sixty Seconds" I can tell you that.  So good. Everyone ordered something different but I only remembered what my wife and I ordered so apologies for that.  I ordered the Mushroom Mutter Curry and she ordered the Vegetable Korma which were both wonderful.  My in-laws dishes were delicious and the sharing that my wife did with her folks told me they loved the dishes they had too.  I'm a greedy bastard and chose not to share which I regret to the fullest now.  Service was good, the place was busy but not overly crowded, and the food was amazing.  I can't wait to go back and eat there again.  If you're a local of Charlotte, who loves Indian food and you have not been to Woodlands, well you need to correct that serious error in judgement right away.
5	I tried out Woodlands on the recommendation of a friend (who happens to be a vegetarian) with a group of girls on President's day as we all had it off of work. I'll be honest - I've not had great experience with Indian food, but this restaurant completely changed my mind. It was literally the best pure vegetarian food I've ever eaten. We decided to get the full experience and share a bunch of dishes around the table. Here's a list of what we ordered: Appetizers Samosa Chaat - chopped samosa topped with wheat crispies, yogurt, tamarind and mint chutney - this was literally the best item I had at lunch. It was the perfect blend of texture and flavor and set the bar high for the rest of our meal. Dahi Batata Puri - cripy dough topped with yogurt, potatoes and chutney - very delicious but also quite rich. Lunch Pesarat Masala Dosa - green lentil crepe - this came out looking like a huge pancake, and it was almost as delicious. The dipping sauces were quite good and gave the crepe a bit more flavor. Chana Batura - large puffy bread (think elephant ear with no cinnamon/sugar) with chana masala (chickpeas in delicious sauce) - great item for someone who has never tried (or says they don't like) Indian food. It had great seasoning but wasn't too spicy. The bread was great with everything we had on the table. Palak Paneer - spinach and home made cottage cheese with tomatoes, onions and spices - my second favorite thing we ordered - I paired it with the puffy bread just to change things up a bit. That puffy bread is good with everything. Gobi Manchurian with gravy - marinated cauliflower sauteed with ginger, garlic, green onions and soy sauce - the sauce was absolutely divine. Gobi Paratha - whole wheat bread stuffed with cauliflower, potatoes and spices - this was my least favorite item we ordered as it was very spicy (even though the menu says "mildy spiced"). It was still good...but something had to be my least favorite, and this was it. Parking was not a problem and it's not too far from uptown. The food has no trans-fat and there is an organic menu available. Tables don't turn over very quickly, so the restaurant seemed full the entire time we were there. I highly recommend this restaurant and will be going back soon to try out some new dishes.
5	Nice, clean, spicy and simple. Sunday buffet is a deal.
5	My husband and I were driving through Charlotte the other day and looked up places to eat that were vegan-friendly.  We found Woodlands and their menu looked great, so I called up to order.  The man I spoke with was very helpful, telling me which entrees had dairy and which ones didn't.  We arrived there to pick up our order, and everything was ready and hot.  We had to wait to eat until we got to my in-laws about an hour away, but everything was still semi-warm and delicious!!  The Chaat was really tasty, my favorite! We also got the Samosas, the chickpea masala, Dal, wheat Naan, and rice.  Yum!!  We will definitely be back to this place!!
2	This weekend, my SO and I decided to give it our first try. Checked the reviews here and was excited about checking it out.  The food is tasty, but the service was very slow and unattentive. I noticed it was every table and not just us, so that was a little comfort. I would try is again, but not go out  our way again to go.
5	My husband and I are huge Indian food eaters. He grew up in New York, and is the son of a man who lived a portion of his life in India. We both lived in New York City for some time, surrounded by Curry Hill and it's delicious flavors, and we missed those flavors when moving back to Charlotte, until we found Woodlands. It's the real deal. We have visited all of the other Indian restaurants in Charlotte, and no one holds a candle to Woodlands. This place has the most amazing paper masala dosas we've tasted. They are huge and quite filling. The curries are excellent, and the desserts are tasty. We have had about half of the curries on the menu, and we haven't had a single one that was bad. The flavors are rich, but not overbearing, and they aren't jammed with sodium. We don't leave feeling thirsty. If you want to get more bang for your buck, go on Saturday and Sunday afternoons when they have a buffet. They change it up, and offer a TON of food. You won't leave hungry. A lot of people may steer away from it because it's all the way on Albemarle Road, but we live on the west side of uptown and it takes us exactly 12 minutes to get there by taking I-277. You avoid a lot of the Independence Blvd traffic by taking the Albemarle Road exit. I assure you, it's worth the drive!!!
3	I ordered the Palak Paneer (spinach with cheese) for dinner, and it was like most other Palak Paneers I've had in the past - nothing too special.  It came with rice.My main reason for giving it 3 stars (instead of more) is that the service was a bit slow and the portions were not very substantial for a dinner meal (especially for the price).Would I go back?  Maybe for the buffet, but not for dinner.
4	I had the Mushroom Mutter Curry and it was tasty. My friend had the South Indian Thali vege sampler which I thought was so-so. The Naan was freshly made and excellent. Points for being all vegetarian and serving beer.
3	I had the opportunity to visit Woodlands for the  buffet this weekend.  I  enjoyed the lunch buffet although it was much smaller than I anticipated.  Also, while everything was very fresh and flavorful it did not offer the variety of items I expected.  I will certainly go back to try dinner and off the menu items to ensure that I get to try the dishes that many friends have said were really great.  As I stated earlier, the buffet was flavorful!  I enjoyed the masala dosa delivered to my table upon request.  The two rice options were good with the vegetarian curries and lentils.  The onion bharji was OK.  The parathas were good.  I really liked the vegetable uthappam.  So good with the sambar.  The noodles were good also.  But I must go back to try other items because I know there are better dishes off the menu! Looking forward to my next trip!
4	If you are looking for excellent vegetarian, Indian food you MUST visit The Woodlands.  I have never had a bad dish here, whether it was eat-in, took-out or on the buffet.  Mind you, don't come here for the ambiance as this no-nonsense restaurant is meager in terms of the dining space, but who cares when the food is incredible!  Plus, they have many organic versions of their most popular items, appetizers to desserts.  I went back to look at the menu for specific recommendations, but I've never had anything on under "Curry" that I didn't love, but I must say their Kadai Bhindi is off the chain!  Oh, and when they say the Vegetable Vindaloo is spicy, they ARE NOT JOKING!  At least two-alarm.  The weekend buffet at LUNCH (they do not have a dinner buffet) is such a deal at $8.95-$9.95.  It's well worth the drive to East Charlotte where folks are just now beginning to figure out how "true" the food is at the ethnic restaurants over there!
2	Had dinner there last night, had tried to got here many times ,always in that area on Tuesdays when they are closed. My husband is South indian and had been looking forward to it and well we were not completely disappointed but it could have been better and not so expensive.I had the Aloo Goci and it was tasty but there are no bell peppers in India and never in that cusine. It was more like a tikka masala sauce came with rice it was 9.95 for a small serving.My husband had a full meal with soup, vada and a dosa. He said soup was not very good but the vada was ...sambar so-so and the dosa was good but nothing special. I also had Aloo Paratha and it was again just good. Add two sweet teas to this and it was 36.00 a little pricey for a small amount of veggies.
4	I have eaten there multiple times since they first opened.  I actually was one of the first customers, and I have taken several friends there..  The food is very good and they have a quite extensive menu of choices .  I have not been to the buffet yet, but I will try it soon.  I don't eat out very often period because of being poor, but this is a place I would recommend for flavorful as well as healthy food.
5	Woodlands is everything I could ever want in an Indian food restaurant.  The food was excellent.  I have tried malai kofta and aloo palak at many Indian food restaurants and I can confidently say that Woodlands versions of these dishes is among the best.  The portions were a very descent size and there was just the right amount of spiciness to the food (if you like it hot, I recommend telling your waiter you want the food "India Spicy" , which the Indian patron sitting at the neighboring table told the waiter).  The naan was cooked fresh and to perfection.  The samosas were delicious.Not only is the food excellent, the menu items are very reasonable priced.  About $10 an entree and this INCLUDES rice, which typically needs to be ordered separately at Indian restaurants.Also, the service was good.  The waiter was attentive enough and the food came out very quickly.  The restaurant interior is clean and to the point.Honestly, I'm tempted to not even bother trying any other Indian food restaurants in Charlotte because I found a keeper.
5	My Wife and I were recently guided to this place by searching for and reading reviews for good indian places in CLT on yelp.  Neither of us are vegetarian, but it doesn't even matter at this place.  The food is fantastic, and is very hearty.  You don't even realize that what you are consuming lacks some form of animal protein!!Each time I've visted the restaurant, I've tried a different dish....and I haven't had one thing that I didn't like.  If you like spicy cuisine, I highly recommend the Baigon Bartha or the Veg Vindaloo (listed in the Curry section of the menu.)  I also suggest getting a couple orders of the Garlic naan to go along with your meal.  All in all, great Indian food, good prices, and friendly staff.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte! The food is heavenly: super fresh and perfectly spiced. My favorite curry dish is the Paneer Makhani,. Favorite appetizer is the Paneer Pakora. The Poori bread and the Garlic Naan are to die for. The service is a little slow, but I am under the impression it's because they make your meal to order, from scratch... it's totally worth the wait.
5	Best Indian restaurant I've been to in the Charlotte area.What they may lack in ambiance (it is relatively spartan, although they do decorate for Christmas by hanging ornaments from the ceiling), they make up with their huge menu options that are prepared quickly and deliciously. I appreciate that they serve the classics (palak paneer, malai kofta, etc), but also uthappam (think a pancakey pizza) and even some of the less seen southern Indian items, such as dosa (those comically EMORMOUS crepe-looking things you sometimes see, but never know what it is called so you never order. Yah, those). The food is consistently tasty, well-spiced, and decently priced. And vegetarians rejoice--you can't go wrong as it is all meatless!Plus, they have fantastic gulab jamoon for dessert--deep fried doughy cheese balls in rose water. Nom nom nom!!!!
4	We LOVED the malai kofta here. Really amazing. Can't wait to go back and try more dishes. We were dissapointed in the appetizers though, they use a sort of fluffy batter that is a bit strange. We've noticed this at a few Charlotte Indian restaurants. Seems like a cheap Cisco brand of batter or something. Anyway, would give 5 stars if they improve on that. Skip fried apps, go right for the main meal here and you won't be disappointed.
5	I was really worried when I moved to Charlotte that I wouldn't be able to get my South Indian fix. Luckily with a Woodlands here, I know I'll be taken care of. Pretty much all your basic south indian fare. Dosa, uttapam, idly, sambar, rasam, etc. Delicious all all veg. Don't let the all veg scare you, I love meat and eat lots of it, but what woodlands helps you realize that a meatless meal if done as well as they do is just as satisfying.
3	I'd say it's just alright.  Not bad, but nothing to write home about.  I expected more flavor, but our little bit of everything appetizer tasted all the same.  The curry was mediocre.  I had a bread thingy that was blown up with lentils (don't remember name) that was tasty.  For a vegetarian place, it was as expected.
5	Awesome vegan food!!! Worth the cost. Every-time I eat there all i want to scream is %^(%^&#%$&#^@ That's Good!I have not eaten in there yet, only take out on the way home for work. But I look forward to the experience.
4	I have eaten here 3 times so far, twice for dinner and once for buffet. I would say I am quite happy with the food here. I am a vegetarian and since this place is a vegetarian restaurant, I could chose from anything. We ordered Indo-chinese food for the dinner. Pretty delicious. Prices are also reasonable at least, as compared to other Indian restaurants in Charlotte area. Buffet had excellent variety. The biggest surprise was that they would bring freshly made dosas (stuffed with potatoes) at your table. This is unique because I have normally seen only small plain dosas served for buffet. These guys are not very customer friendly though. Don't expect great customer service experience. Go just for the food. I certainly would go here again.
5	I've been going to Woodlands for something like 15 years. It is by far the best Indian food I have ever had anywhere I've lived. Every time I come to Charlotte, I try to go to Woodlands to get my fix. It's hard to pick a favorite dish there. Order the appetizer sampler and anything else. It's all truly delicious.
2	I am blessed to have a lovely boyfriend from Andhra Pradesh who is an EXCELLENT cook. Everyone flips out when he cooks and begs him to cook again. Honestly, I can't stand most Indian food, but he is a magical unicorn in the kitchen. Anyway...the man was starving last night and he wanted to take me to Woodlands. We ordered idli and vada for appetizers and a dosa and veggie uthappam for the main course. He tried to order something else that he saw on the online menu, but the server, who we assumed as American, had no idea what he was talking about and looked at my bf like he was an idiot. The server was kind of rude and dismissive in general. I've seen worse service, but still...When the food came, I must say that it looked delicious. It was very well presented and seemed to be very well prepared for what it was. The vada was tolerable. The idli was too heavy. The sambar was not that great, but the coconut chutney almost made me throw up (for an hour after we were done eating). I kept trying to eat, but with every bite I took, I cried to God for mercy. My bf asked if I wanted to order something else. I said only if he was going back to the kitchen to cook it. The dosa was pretty good and the uthappam was alright but I learned that you cannot take your leftovers home unless you want your car to smell horrific after the food cools down on the drive home. We had to stop and throw it out. I may give this place another try, but I'm pretty sure nothing will beat that man's home cooking.Three stars for what was probably decent food to other people, minus one for that rude server.
5	Went with family for Lunch. With average expectations. We ordered Chola Bhatura, Chilli Pakora, Schzewan Noodles, Mushroom Masala, and more. As per my friend this was the best Chola Bhatura in US, I loved the schzewan noodles its like typical Indo-Chinese flavor that is available in India. Very good place, surprisingly very distinct Indian food.
3	There masala dosa was awesome. Curries and naan were above average. Overall the food is good, but staff including owner are very serious and unfriendly. Better to take "to go" food.
5	I am from San Jose,Ca with a huge Indo-American community and over 100 Indian Restaurants to choose from. I have traveled extensively in India as well. I found the food at Woodlands to be exceptional and of the quality of a fine Indian restaurant but at prices which were more family oriented. If I am ever in Charlotte again I will be sure to have more than one meal there.
1	I had been to this restaurant 2 years ago and had liked the food, so decided to revisit yesterday. But it turned out to be a bad decision for multiple reasons.First, the food was nowhere close to authentic Indian food.We had ordered several items on the menu ranging from north Indian cuisine, south Indian cuisine to Indo chinese. None of the food items were flavorful for what they were. Schzewan rice was very bland - no hint of vinegar or soy sauce or garlic. Samosa chat was dry and soft, the crunch was completely missing.To top it all, the servers were rude and paid little attention. We had been waiting for one item that we ordered and kept waiting until we could wait no more and decided to leave because of the the main servers asked us to "empty the table" as other people were waiting for a table. I have been to several restaurants that have huge influx of diners. But at none of those places you are asked to leave just because there are people waiting while you are still waiting on your order. In short, I was highly disappointed. I am never coming back again.
4	I am not a vegetarian, and I have to admit, I have not really eaten at many vegetarian places.  However, I do LOVE Indian food, and this place came highly recommended by a friend.  After two trips to Woodlands, I can say that I don't miss the meat when I come here.In true Indian restaurant fashion, the smell of the spices and curry permeated throughout the restaurant.  The inside is painted a peach-like color.  Hindu decorations and paintings adorn the walls.  However, the decor is simple.  The staff is friendly and reasonably attentive, even when the restaurant is packed.  While it's maybe not the quickest place, our food has come out hot and fresh each time.  Their prices are very reasonable, with many entrees less than $10 at dinner time.And now, on with the food I've had:Samosas: Crispy crust on the outside, plenty of flavorful filling on the inside.  These are not too salty, but plenty of great seasoning.  While these are not the best I've ever had, they're pretty solid.  (4/5)Garlic naan: The naan I've always had has been soft and fluffy.  However, both times I had it here, it's thinner and a little crisp on the outside.  The garlic flavor is more subtle than at a lot of places, but still good.  I think the crisp texture holds up a little better for loading it with food, so I really like it.  (4.5/5)Chana Masala: Great spices, and I like the chickpeas. (4/5)Vegetable Jalfraeze: I absolutely loved the vegetables in this, and this sauce highly flavorful as well.  (4.5/5)Palak Paneer:  This reminded me of saag that I used to get at an Indian place back home.  It's more of a mild dish, but the spinach and the cheese are wonderful in it. (4/5)Malai Kofta:  This is, so far, the best thing I have eaten here.  The sauce is a little more creamy, mildly sweet.  The dumpling is AMAZING, although I only got three medium-sized ones in the dish. (5/5)Paneer Makhani:  Again, the cheese is so delicious in this dish, but there is just never enough in it.  The tomato-based sauce was very good and decently spicy. (4/5)Mango Lassi:  I have never had one that had such a fresh, strong mango flavor to it.  Very delicious.  (5/5)There are still so many things I want to try here.  I have seen their Dosas, and that is next up on my list.  Their food is flavorful and spicy, but not overly hot (unless you request that, I believe).  Overall, I'd rate them a solid 4.5 out of 5.
3	We visited Woodlands at 8PM on a Saturday night. The restaurant was completely packed with local Indian families, which I take to be an excellent sign that the food is authentic.Unfortunately, the wait staff seemed completely overwhelmed. It took 20 minutes for someone to even come by our table and take our orders, and another 20 minutes for our Samosas to come out of the kitchen. Once we had the Samosas, the rest of the food came out in a timely fashion, but waiting until 8:40 for our food was agonizing. I was sat with my back to the kitchen and I was so hungry that I kept looking over my shoulder, to the point that my husband said, "Trust me honey - once it looks like our food is coming I will stand up and *applaud* there is no reason to keep looking behind you."Service and food slowness aside, our meals were excellent. I ordered the Chana Masala. My husband ordered Dal Makhani. I had reservations about visiting a vegetarian Indian restaurant, but the food was really very, very good. Woodland's won't ever be the first on my list to visit, because I prefer meat-based dishes, but if you've got a vegetarian friend who wants to eat somewhere, don't shy away from Woodlands because there's no meat on the menu.The service wasn't terribly friendly, which is quite different from what I'm accustomed to with my favorite Indian restaurants (my favorite places are in DC, actually). But the food was terrific.Woodlands was quite a haul from our Ballantyne home, but it was good to visit once to see what the fuss was all about. The food was fantastic, but with the distance, long waits to get our food and poor service, I doubt we will be back. If you're in the area and hankering for Indian food at a less busy time, I recommend visiting.
3	I am teetering between 3 and 4 starsMy Experience:I have been looking forward to trying Woodlands after reading all the wonderful reviews.  I live on the East side of town so I was excited to hear about a restaurant that is actually good over here!  The location is not ideal and let's just say it isn't in the most "vibrant" part of town.  When I first stepped into the restaurant I was not exactly impressed with the decor or the customer service.  I was there to pick up an order so I didn't get the full dining experience, but the overall vibe wasn't exactly cozy.  It looked like an old motel lobby that had been transformed into a restaurant but they decided to keep the same wall color, carpet, pleather chairs and cloudy chandeliers.  So, after I got past the dive aspect of this place I was excited to actually try my meal! I ordered the mixed veggie curry in a cashew sauce and a friend ordered the Szechwan Noodles (w/ mushrooms).  And, of course, garlic naan.Mine was good.  The sauce was lacking some flavor but it was decent.  The veggies were a little disappointing because it seemed like they took one of the frozen packets out of harris teeter and cooked them in their homemade sauce.  It was peas, carrots and green beans..pretty generic and definitely not fresh.The Noodle Szechwan was good.  The coloring was a little off-putting (like a pinkish/red) because of the sauce but it was tasty.The Naan was awesome...great flavor, crispy and warm--even for a take-out order.Overall Summary:  This restaurant draws a diverse crowd and those looking for an authentic Vegetarian Indian meal cannot go wrong.  They have a ton of vegan options as well so there is a lot to choose from.  In the scheme of Indian Food in Charlotte I don't know that this was the "best" I have had but if in a crunch I would return.
5	excellent service definitely can recommend to anyone  classic indian food. go during lunch time the best time to go better value on theses days
4	Had an excellent meal here this past weekend. We ordered chana masala and another curried type dish, they may have even had the same sauce, which was fine because it was delicious. i'm not one that knows the true authenticity of foreign cuisine, i just know i liked it and i want to eat it again. It was pretty empty on a Saturday early dinner time, so the service might have been extra attentive. Almost creepy attentive, but not. The one dude would like slowly back away from the table just to be sure he didn't miss us if we decided we needed something, and i could always sense he was standing not too far off watching our table. Still great service. Too bad it's way on the other side of town for me or we'd probably visit pretty often.
1	Indian lady at counter...Lady like her will only have negative rating for business. Don't know how to deal with customers.We went for dosa lunch buffet and after serving 2 dosa they said it will be extra charge plus buffet charge in middle of lunch .They don't understand what buffet means and the lady kept coming to our table to tell us you can take once per dish in buffet.WILL NEVER GO AGAIN AND I SUGGEST EVERY ONE TO STAY AWAY FROM THEIR BAD TRICKS TO CHAGRE EXTRA.
4	The weekend all-you-can-eat lunch buffet  offers great value. There is a vast variety of food to choose from (South Indian, North Indian, Indo Chinese).  I look forward to next visit here.
5	I have to admit, I lived right down the street from this place for 4 years and never even thought about going inside.  Then one day we were looking for some place to to try and found some reviews on yelp and figured we would give it a shot.   We were not disappointed at all!  The food is fantastic!  I am as far from a vegetarian as anyone could be, but the flavors they get in their curry is fantastic!  We almost always get #14 with pees, and I recommend everyone try it at least once....sooooo tasty!
2	Watch out if you go with kids for lunch buffet. The owner makes up cut-off ages for child rate on the fly. Food is ok, nothing outstanding. Attitude of the owner is disappointing. Most places have 12 yrs as cut off for kids. And 4 or 5 yrs may be for free kids. I don't mind paying whatever the kids ages. But then do please post the ages. I don't want to stand at the check out and discuss why is she charging me so much!
4	Being a vegetarian, there are very few restaurants that have a diverse menu.  Woodsland is such a place.  I frequent various ethnic restaurants due to the fact that so many cater more to vegetarians than  American restaurants.  I also like the fact that Indian people frequent here as it lets me know that their food is authentic Indian cuisine and not some Americanized version of Indian food.  Their focus is southern Indian cuisine.   I am a regular customer.  They have an award winning appetizer, Samosa Chat, that is wonderful.   I cannot count how many times I have order that item.   They also have a variety of Dosas that many Indian eateries do not have on their menu.   They also have a variety of curries, rice  specialties and  assortment of breads.  They even have an organic menu.  I have been to other Indian places that may have better Dal Mahani but if you are a vegetarian and enjoy Indian food than Woodlands if your place.  The biggest drawback is that their service WILL be slow at busy time as they usually only have two wait staff working.
4	Ok ok....So, these guys aren't the easiest to find, get to, track down, locate, etc, but the journey far exceeded my expectations. On the outskirts of Eastland, it's not the prettiest area, but I dig the trudgery it took to experience the flavorful onslaught. It's purely vegetarian/vegan. Not a whisper of meat was found in our food. Started with the pea/potato samosas and garlic naan. Perfectly executed. The sauces served alongside were lovely. Spicy and pungeant. I'd order these again, but would look forward to trying another variety. The garlic naan was legendary. Chewy, charred in places, and kicked so much flavorful ass.For entrees, we went with Chana Masala and the Paper Dosa. Masala was absolutely wonderful -- served with jasmine rice. The Paper Dosa.....just look at my photos or anyone else's. It's like a joke. So massive and hilariously served on a medium sized plate. It's a crepe-like bread with a potato mash on the base of the plate and a few dipping sauces. It's one of the most versatile Indian dishes I've experienced. the sheer size of the dish will stick with you for the rest of your life. However, the flavors are wonderful and earthy. I'd order it again in a heartbeat. Service was efficient, but they did seem to exude the "you're inconveniencing me right now" sort of attitude a few times. Not a huge deal, but it did make use the eatpayleave strategy.Would I go back? Hell yes. Will I get Paper Dosa again? Hell yes. Am I stoked to explore the menu further? Oh....hell yes. Count me in as a part of the Woodlands fanclub.
5	When I think of Woodlands, two thoughts come to mind.  The first: what the heck is a meatosaurus like me doing eating at a vegetarian restaurant?!?  Yeah, it's that good!  And the second: why didn't I know it was so close to where I lived?  That's a dangerous thing for my pocketbook.My go-to dishes here are the Paneer Makhani and the Vegetable Makhani.  The spices are so well balanced that you completely forget there's not an ounce of meat in the place.  And the dosas...  absolutely delicious!My wife has recently gotten into Indian food, so I have a feeling that Woodlands will be a frequented spot for quite a while.  The interior decor is a little dated, and some may look at the location as not the best in the world.  If you're wary about that, they do offer take out.
5	My home girl Elizabeth A. loves, like totally BFF4LIFE LOVES this place so I've been to Woodlands many a time celebrating her birth or us surviving another work week - honestly, she loves this place many many times over so we go when the diets are thrown to the wind and we're looking for an excuse to get down the ground on some grub.Being an Indian food idiot/novice, I can't tell you a whole lot of what I've tried on their lunch buffet (it's always changing!) but I can tell you that about 90% of it is amazing, followed by 10% of it which is pretty good.The naan? MMMM. That's right - 4 M's. Carbs, freshly cooked (fried? please god don't let it be fried) and available to scoop up your rice and whatever cheese, chicken, spinach, potato, eggplant stuff you've put on your plate along the buffet - seriously, this naan stuff is NO JOKE. Good bye, garlic bread! Don't call me Parker House rolls! I have a new carb fave in town and it's Woodland's naan. I love thee!Moving on to the random list of stuff I don't know the name of, I simply say: Girl, don't take it personal. I love you - like, forreal! And while I wouldn't buy this crapola from a dude trying to hustle me for my lovin', I hope that you know that I am true and love all of you. Variety is the spice of life, and lunch buffet, you always got me hooked like that. Everytime I go it's something new to experience and you got me twisted up in your Indian game.If my review/hip hop montage doesn't make you want to go to Woodlands, I am concerned about your reading skills and/or knowledge of late 90's R&B and kindly request you download "Pony" and proceed directly to Saturday's lunch buffet @ Woodlands!
4	I am not a vegetarian but I am a big fan! Not your typical Indian restaurant with its Chicken curry dishes and so on. A lot more interesting South India cuisine. The place is not fancy but the owner is really nice and the food really interesting! Went there 4 times in the last 2 months and the experience is consistent.
5	Excellent, authentic vegetarian Indian at indecently reasonable prices. Go. Like, now.
4	Hands down the best Indian Restaurant in Charlotte. Very courteous waitress and super nice owner. The Saturdays lunch buffet looked pretty legit, however we wanted to order off the menu instead because I particularly wanted the huuge paper dosa and my friend wanted to get specific dishes that reminds her of the dishes she had back home. My paper dosa was AWESOME, presentation wise haha. It came huge and even as the waitress was taking it out, she couldn't help but to laugh a little. We got to the restaurant early so it was just us and one other table, the guy at the other table looked at it and laughed too. I did not mean to cause so much attention, embarrassing haha. The filling of he dosa was awesome, potato, curry, peas...the paper dosa itself was a bit hard to eat and was kind of blend after a while. My friend's stuffed potato pancake was so juicy and tasty. I also ordered the garlic naan, which i thought was a tad overcooked. We also ordered the scallion pancake, that was pretty huge, filled up a whole large plate, but i'd say that was like a 3/5. Overall, the portions here are very generous. Lunch buffet is around $10. I'd say price range wise this restaurant is 2/4 dollar signs. It is a tad dark in the restaurant and it has VERY heavy indian spices smell, make sure you are ok with that. They have booths and tables. Cleanliness looked pretty ok. Bathroom is acceptable as well. I am definitely looking forward to coming back to try out the lunch buffet...I wish it was a bit closer to town...but still worth the drive! There are also a bunch of ethnic and vegetarian restaurants in the area, if you get a chance, do some exploring!
4	You can't go wrong at Woodlands, even if you're not of the vegetation persuasion.* The menu is chock full of flavor and I defy you to leave anything other than stuffed to the gills with amazing food.A favorite of mine is the paper dosa. Even if it sounds intimidating, you should order it. The sheer visual impact is enough to make it worthwhile.Lots of chickpea dishes with splendid seasonings. I'd recommend ordering quite a few dishes and sharing with your dining party. Naan, check. Samosas, check. Chana masala, check. Everything else I haven't tried? Probably going to be awesome, too.Make the drive out to Woodlands. Eat, eat and be merry.*Save the animals!
4	Great Indian food! I definitely recommend going for the lunch buffet on the weekend for a sampling of many dishes, especially if you are new to Indian food or to the restaurant. Some dishes are, of course better than others, but overall the food is quite delicious. I would imagine non-vegetarians would enjoy this restaurant as well, for it's bold, complex flavors. I was there around 2 on a Saturday afternoon and the place was packed, which is always a good sign!
4	Woodlands has great vegetarian and vegan options as well as all organic options of Indian cuisine.  The food is fresh with outstanding flavor.  They have beer and wine to go with your dinner.  My only complaint was that the samosa wasn't the best I've ever had, but was still good.  It tasted like it wasn't as fresh as everything else I had. The rest of the food I had there was excellent, as was the service.  I recommend Woodlands for anyone who likes Indian food and is vegetarian or vegan.
5	Don't let the outside scare you, Woodlands is really a great restaurant. Clean and has very tasty authentic food at reasonable prices. Their dosas are amazing! They usually have a $9 buffet on the weekends as well.
4	There is little argument that Woodlands is some legit Indian food, and vegetarian to boot. Not a sign of meat in the place in all the years I've been coming.The menu can be a tad intimidating because there are plenty of fine choices - just pick one and dive right in. Don't like it? choose another. Prices are not bad, by any stretch of the imagination. Dined the other day with my wife, Will and Jenny H and came away with a completely reasonable bill. And Tonya P was at the next table. Tough to beat that sort of crowd.For those bread-lovers in the crowd, you are sure to find something. Loads of naan, and the garlic is a perennial contender. The dosa is also a winner, often for presentation, but it also offers a nice alternative to the naan because it's a bit on the lighter side, and gives a nice way to eat those yummy veggies in wrap form.Curries are served with basmati rice, which can seem on the small side, until  you realize that they will bring more, all you have to do is ask.The unfortunate issue is that service is just this side of horrendous. They are friendly enough, but getting their attention can be a challenge. It makes for a nice time to chat with your dinner companions, but getting a refill (drink, rice, etc) does not come quickly.
4	been to this many times... variety of dosas... chole is the best... veggie fried was just fine, not great...best choice for desi snack and breakfast... service is just ok.. have to wait for the waitress for a very long time...
2	I had high hopes for Woodlands' lunch buffet based on the reviews. Unfortunately, the food did not meet my expectations and it was pricier for a hole-in-the-wall joint. There weren't very many options: "salad bar" (a large platter of limp salad with some sauces and onions surrounding it), a soup, bread, some fritter-type thing (not samosas), rice, noodles, a dessert, and about 4-5 kinds of curry. I know that sounds like a decent number of options, but all the curries tasted alike except for the saag paneer. I love saag paneer, but this was thin and bland. In fact, all the curries were watery... My plate had a pool of water that separated from the curries. I've never encountered that before. The dining area was cramped and small. Which is fine... I don't expect ambience from a small ethnic place. But there was also no temp control -- it was sweltering hot... Which doesn't pair well with spicy-ish food.  The staff was nice, but incredibly slow. I would not return of my own volition.
4	A solid option for South Indian food in Charlotte. Decor is sort of below average; I feel like this place should decide whether it is going to be a hole-in-the-wall or an upscale Indian place. Right now, it's sorta straddling the line and it shows. Don't get me wrong, I love hole-in-the-wall restaurants, but you gotta choose one and commit, dang it!My dining companion and I ordered the appetizer sampler to share; it came with a variety of chutneys and a whole shitload of deep-fried things. I could immediately identify the samosa, pakora and vada, but I was mystified as to what else was on the plate and it was not explained by our server. Luckily, my friend was of Indian descent, so he was able to explain a few more of the items on the plate, but that left us guessing at the remainder. They were all very good, but it would have been useful to know of the deep fatty-fryness we were getting ourselves into.The garlic naan was spectacular - a thin variety, but very soft and perfectly seasoned. I ordered the Baigan Bartha (mashed eggplant with tomatoes, onion, and spices) and it was very good. Subtle blend of spices were balanced very well with the dominant eggplant flavor, while the tomato and onion flavor managed to stay appropriately in the background. So, yeah, I'd love to come back. I REALLY wanted to try a dosa and see how it stacks up to some of my favorite Indian restaurants/food trucks in L.A., but I was in the need of something healthier. Next time. Also, a friend really loves their buffet, so I'd like to see if he knows his stuff. Cuz, if not, I am sooo going to rub it in his face.
5	I love this restaurant. I have not gotten anything that wasn't delicious here. The biryani is great as are all of the dosas that I've tried so far.
5	Best vegetarian indian food in charlotte.
5	Best Vegetarian Indian Food! I had the mutter paneer and poori lunch special with hot spice. It was perfectly spiced, the sauce was creamy and smooth and the paneer had the perfect texture. The rice was piping hot and perfectly cooked. The star of the show was The Poori! SIMPLY AMAZING!!! As a bread lover, Poori is the first thing I look for on an Indian menu.  Much to my dismay, lots of Indian restaurants focus on Naan, which I adore too, in a second-place-option-gotta-eat-it-'cause-they-don't-have-poori kind of way. Not only does Woodlands do Poori, they do Poori well. Big fluffy Poori with the perfect, signature chewy texture, hot and fresh from the oil. It was the perfect marriage of the mutter panner, poori and rice that won me over completely.In terms of speed of service, I'm a person who doesn't mind waiting for quality. But if you're impatient, allot more time. After all this isn't fast food, it's good food, done right.  The service wasn't what we as Americans may think of as "Over the Stars Amazing". But our server was very polite, kind and attentive, The interior is spotless and smells clean. I will admit the decor is a little dated and not very Indian other then the color palette and gorgeous statue of Ganesh, but seriously who cares.  I'd rather have awesome food in a clean environment over striking decor any day.  As a native of Charlotte,  This is on my list of the best places to eat in Charlotte hands down!
5	Absolutely delicious!  This really is my favorite restaurant!  The lady who runs the place is always really nice.  I can't place a favorite dish because I have so many.  However you can't leave without trying the mango ice cream!  And I personally always end with a cup of the tea :)
3	I've had Vegetarian Indian food from just about every place in Charlotte, and the best I can say about Woodlands is that they're ok.. Just ok. The food is priced well and it's pretty authentic, however, their service is not what I had expected. It took about 15 minutes to get our drinks. It took another 30 or more to get the food. Also when we were being server I was kinda put off by the way the server acted like we were not there not most of the time. Seriously, the drink I received was the only drink I was offered. I waited for the server to come back and ask if I'd like a refill.. Never happened.  The dishes we were served were good but not 5 stars like a lot of people give them. So, with the combination of bad service and mediocre food I'm giving them three stars. The only reason I'm giving them three is because they may have been experiencing issues that night that I didn't know about. If I were to suggest anything to this establishment it would be to be more courteous to your customers and work on the timing of service. It shouldn't take an hour to get out a small dish of channa masala and rice.
4	Very good buffet.I went here for Sunday lunch buffet. I am delighted to having tried such a nice vegetarian buffet. All their chutneys are great. Masala dosas are delicious and small uttappam were great. Sambhar was fantastic. I really enjoyed their buffet.I was surprised to find vadas. After long time I have eaten vadas. Vadas with sweet red chutney and mint chutney was epic.The price is perfect for the number of items they had on the buffet. They had some varieties in vegetable curries. I tries baigan ka bhartha. Loved it.I would go again to this place although it's too far for me. It's worth a try.
5	This is consistently a delicious restaurant. Yes, it is in a strange location, but this is by far one of the best places to go to if you are eating with vegetarians.The buffet is my personal favorite option because they have SO many choices and everything is fresh. Take a Vegetarian here. He/She will love you forever.
4	The Chana Masala and the Paneer were definitely some of the best I've ever had. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone interested in eating authentic Indian cuisine. I knew this ahead of time but the only downside is that this place is completely vegetarian.
1	I was driving from Atlanta to Virginia when I decided to stop in Charlotte and have a nice dinner. So I went to woodlands and ordered a dosa. After about five minutes a waiter came over and asked me if I had ordered. I said yes and pointed to the other staff member who had talked to me, but then he wanted to know wether he had written it down. Strange. I said I did not know. Then the original waiter came over and apologized for forgetting about my order. After waiting for another 15 to 20 minutes for my food, I got up to use the rest room. I came back to see they had given away my seat to someone else! So I was left waiting for a table. As luck would have it, my dosa arrived while I was waiting. The waiter had the gall to ask me to sit at a storage shelf and eat the food! It did not even have any legroom or a chair, and was in a dark dirty corner. I refused. So they cleaned up a table and let me have my food, not reheated may I add. Overall the experience left me disappointed. The good was ok, but not delicious. Perhaps someone with restaurant management experience could enlighten me. Is it really that hard for three people and a manager to serve 17 tables?
5	I am a HUGE foodie. I love foods of all cultures and I loving finding new gems and trying out different places. I actually found Woodland's through a coworker. She would frequent Woodland's for lunch and I tagged along for what would be one of the best life decisions ever. I've been back close to 10 times and they are CONSISTENTLY amazing! I've gone several times for the lunch special, which comes with 2 curries, samosas, naan and some sort of dessert. It's about $9 and TOTALLY worth it. I've also   been to the lunch buffet about 4 times! It's SO MUCH food for both the lunch special and buffet and I honestly, can't believe I'm saying this, DO NOT MISS THE MEAT! The buffet is constantly changing but there are always a variety of curry, soup and some sort of dessert, among other amazing yummies. If it's your first time, I recommend trying the buffet. It is only on the weekends and for about $11. You'll get to try a variety of food and you'll definitely find something you love!
4	This place is delicious,  I haven't been here in years and visited last week. The food was as good as I remembered but the chick peas were way under cooked. I showed up at 2 pm (not knowing that they closed at 3) and felt rushed. Just go at an appropriate time so your food isn't under cooked and to where you feel you must gulp your food down. Still delicious - just go at a good time.
5	Oh my word, do yourself a favor and eat here. As a vegetarian it is very, very difficult to find quality food in the Queen City that I can enjoy... this place takes the cake! From appetizer to entree to dessert, we were very pleased with the presentation, flavor and portion of all the food that we ordered. Big plus: the place was PACKED with Indian people, so you know that what they are serving is authentic!
4	Good food. Veg Uthappam & Tomato soup were good. Almost tasted like home cooked food. Booth seating could be better... The couches were not too comfy.
1	DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!!!!! I am late in writing in this review but I did want to get the word out there on this restaurant.  I have visited this place a few times and it was pretty good, however I went a couple of weekends ago & OMG the food was so nasty I felt I wasted $40 on Sunday buffet.  There was no salt, spices, flavor, or color in anything.  When you know what true Indian food tastes like and you end up eating something so tasteless, you wonder if the chef even tasted the food.  Not only that, but these people give you warm water and you have to ask for ice....what place does that? Not only that, it was a hot Sunday when I went and there was no A/C in that place. Charging $11 for buffet, you are telling me you can't afford ice & A/C...REALLY?!!! I read recent reviews on this place & no disrespect to anyone's taste buds but being Indian and knowing what the flavors should be this place DOES NOT meet the standards.  Please enjoy other places like Bombay Grille, Blue Taj, Persi or anything other that Woodlands.  If you give this place a chance, you're optimistic you'll get good food or you have a craving for Indian food and this is the closest place to you.
3	Average food in buffet, food www not hot, wierd combination of items in buffet..
4	We've been here a few times and love it. I don't think I've had anything that wasn't delicious. The butter dosa is my go to dish and is filling!
4	Authenthic veg indian food,, dosas are awesome.. U r going to love it. Service was ok
1	The lady at the front desk has an attitude. Food is ok. Not great stuff worthy of a 20 min drive.. bad service. Ok Ok food. I have had buffets here, and they are useless.  There are many restaurants in Charlotte which are waaaay better for the price and service. There are a few things good on the menu - the south indian platter - but not sure if you would like all what is served in it. We had the masala mysore dosa - which was literally floating in OIL and the know-it-all lady said, "No, this is how it is." I am from South, I eat dosas for breakfast and dinner and have been eating for 27 years! Are you kidding me? No acknowledgement, nothing. She had to prove that she was right. I am never going back to this restaurant. I also had the gobi manchurian - waay salty and hard as rocks! Really man? Can't even bite into that thing. I have repeatedly given this place a chance, 4 times so far, and never has it been good. Will not go here. Too many options at Charlotte where food is better, cost is lower, service is better.
4	My review was written four years ago, so I thought it was time for an update.  Still solid four stars, bathrooms have been remodeled, many owner changes and currently service is a little slow, but if you know this going in and you are in a good mood you can certainly tolerate it.  We meet at 5p on the dot, order starters and a bottle of wine immediately, but if you don't know this, you might be sitting there a little while.  If you like spicy food be sure to specify because they will tone it down for you.  Especially if you are getting take away tell them HOT or they will write medium down.  Even with crazy service, I don't care, Woodlands remains one of my favorite restaurants in the Queen City.
1	Roaches everywhere! Dead and alive! We got out of the restaurant even before we could place an order.
5	This place as absolutely outstanding.  The food was wonderful, and the staff was very nice and very attentive.
4	This was my first visit to an Indian restaurant since I moved to the US from India. I didn't have high expectations but it turned out to be great. The service was good. Since they have a buffet on Sundays we opted for that. It was $11 per person and it came with a free Dosa at the end of the meal( you can choose from plain dosa or masala dosa). The buffet food was tasty. They had tandoori roti, palak paneer, some south indian curry,rice, custard, kheer and lot of other stuff to choose from. My favorite was the Pulao Rice with the Palak Paneer. They had a cleanliness rating of 100 which I have not seen in any other restaurant. Over great place to enjoy an Indian meal. Recommended.
4	Really like this place!Good north and South Indian food.I have had uttapam, onion masala dosa, chole batura and every thing tasted really good.Vegetarians get a kick out of this place :-)
4	Very tasty North indian food Ok south indian dishes.. OK ambiance and location.. Good for vegetarian people like us but there are better indian restaurants in Charlotte.
5	Delicious and owner is very friendly, always says hello and talks to us. We drive from Greensboro just to eat this wonderful vegetarian food!
