4	This location is extremely 'group friendly.'  I just made up that term, but it's true... I've been to this Z a handful of times with large groups and I've never been disappointed.  Maybe it's because it's a central location and they've got a private lot for parking... or perhaps it's because of those chambord margaritas? or is it the chips and salsa? or the cornbread?  Whatever the reason, I'm giving this Z a 4 star review because of previous good meals and for the excellent service we had tonight.I called in the afternoon and had no problem getting a reservation.  Julie who answered the phone was really sweet (always a good sign), and Matt, our server, was extremely personable and attentive.  We had a group of 8 - including a few picky eaters.  We started with chips (which are house-made) and salsa, guacamole, and grilled shrimp & guacamole tostada bites... On top of that, the GM brought us over the beef tostadas and shrimp & pork dumplings - this was a very sweet gesture and much appreciated - we finished every last bite of both!  The dumplings were cooked to a golden brown and really tasty.  The beef tostadas were yummy also; I think these are both new menu items that are being tested - hopefully they will stay since they were both pretty impressive!After sampling all of that, I still somehow managed to eat my dinner salad with a light lime vinagrette dressing; it was good but nothing special.  (Nothing like their Achiote Chicken Chopped Salad which is my favorite menu item to order when I go to Z for lunch)... And then my 'Grilled Miso Salmon' entree - actually, not as good as I remembered, but tasty nonetheless... other entrees at our table included the halibut special, blackened tuna, porcupine shrimp, seafood enchiladas, and a couple of entree salads.  Everyone was happy and left full - and for just over $30 a head including tip... not bad!I'll be back to visit this Z again soon for sure... it's a safe bet no matter your reasons, and it's great for groups!  Word of caution: be careful with the chambord margaritas - they dangerously good!
5	I too had the privilege of dining here this evening and found the food and service to be the best its been in years.  I have always had a great experience dining at Ztejas.  Normally I tend to take a first date here as the margariatas can turn a 5 or 6 into a 10. (no explanation necessary).  Anyhow, tonight i didn't drink as I wanted to fully appreciate the food and focus on giving it a thorough evaluation. Our waiter was great, my water was consistenly being filled and the GM was very hospitable.  I had the grilled shrimp and guacamole tostada bites for an appetizer.  Wow, were these delicious.  Fresh guac, shrimp was grilled to perfection and tostadas were fresh as well.  I also Inhaled my own cornbread.  If you are looking to carboload before a big cardio day or race, this is for you! I then had my normal  red chile and mango steak salad as the main. I typically have an appetite fit for a pro wrestler, but tonight after my own cornbread and shrimp tostadas... I couldn't finish my main course. I also believe the portions are generous.  for 11 bucks a steak salad with fresh meat and mangos is a very good deal and certainly economical compared to most restaurants.  Anyhow, it was a fine dining experience from service to food and I will definitely be back there to take down some ritas, tortiallas, and maybe some chicas! just kidding.
4	Z Tejas is solid.  It consistently delivers good food and good service.  I enjoying lunching with clients here and I enjoy coming by later on for cocktails or chambord margs and appetizers.  I chose Z Tejas for my bridesmaid luncheon as well in January -- I agree with Gabi, they are 'group friendly'.
5	I've always enjoyed Z Tejas, or should I say I've always enjoyed the drinks at Z Tejas... A while back, I had a few too many drinks and accidentally flashed this little old lady... at least she was the only one I caught looking (I'll just say that I had a minor dress malfunction and thanks to their great margaritas my reflexes were not that quick)! I've been here numerous times with all different types of people and age groups, it seems to please most everyone.  The food is pretty good, some of my fav's: fish tacos, enchiladas, and some kind of creamy, spicy pasta.  The menu has enough variety to please different types of palates and the drinks pack a punch.  The last time I visited Z Tejas I went on a Sunday and was pleasantly surprised to find a Bloody Mary bar with lots of fun mix-ins.
4	The salads here are big and flavorful and I really enjoy the warm cornbread that they bring out before your meal.  It's a nice difference from breads and rolls most restaurants serve.  I've never had to wait and the service this last time was great.  My water was continually filled (and I drink tons so it's a challenge with me). The first time I went I sat in the bar area and the service was significantly slower, but considering it was a weekend night I suppose it's somewhat understandable.  I will continue to meet up with friends here.
4	Z Tejas, I find this place constant, the restaurant serves cornbread, as Chris Rock says, "there's nothing wrong with that."  Happy Hour, check out the reverse happy hour its always popular.  The Champagne margarita is strong and taste great for a sweet drink.
5	There Happy Hour is great!  1/2 off App's - everything on the app list is amazing - especially the shrimp and catfish taco's!  And they have the MOST amazing marg - it is made with Chambord (sp?) and you are limited to only 3 b/c they are so damn strong!  Wish the crowd was hipper - it seems to be a bunch of old folks - but that could be b/c we go some damn early!  Service is always great - food is always good - and there Berry Cobler will rock your world!  I am going tonight and can't wait!
5	Please come to Hawaii. Please? This is some of the best chain Southwestern food I've ever had. I was skeptical: I come all the way to Scottsdale from Hawaii and want Mexican and my friend takes me to some chain in a mall? Great. However, I was quite impressed by the freshness and quality of the food - my relleno was very good - and the 'ritas were tasty as well. Flavorful food, reasonable prices, strong drinks: what more do you need?Seriously, Z'Tejas. If you come to Hawaii I'll let you crash on my couch.
5	Awesome Happy hour + Chambord margs = even more awesomeness!I love this place. Even full price their amazing margaritas are still a bargain. But go for happy hour, regular or reverse, it's the best!Southwest Caesar is aces, so is the mac and cheese!
4	I'm a sucker for anything even resembling Mexican food, so it was a pretty sure bet I was going to like Z'Tejas.  We went for happy hour and while I thought that 1/2 off appetizers was a great deal, I felt that the $1 off margaritas and 50 cents off beers was a little on the stingy side.  Call me cheap, but 50 cents?  I mean....c'mon!The appetizers were yummy.  We especially liked the catfish tacos and the quesadilla.  The cornbread was delicious, as well (oh, sweet, sweet carbs....)I had heard friends RAVE about the Chambord Margaritas and let me say, mine was STRONG.  I can see why they cut you off at 3.  If I had put down a couple more of these, I wouldn't have been able to remember my name.  All in all, a great dining experience.
3	GREAT MARGARTAS!  Still, I'm not a fan of chain restaurants.  If you're looking for really authentic Mexican, don't go here- BUT this place isn't bad if you just want some Mexican cuisine.  I've been here with friends and family and the margaritas always make it a good time.  My food has never been that memorable though.
4	I am at the Z a lot this time of year---it is the place I always take out of town guests to get a taste of southwestern food that is not the standard fare and there is a patio to enjoy the great weather. Absolutely the best salsa in Phoenix, bar none. Also, the best margaritas--my favorite is the house margarita made with chambord, but there is a martini styled one that is great as well.  I have tried everything on the menu in the last several years and there is really not anything I would not suggest trying--but the crispy salmon is one of my favorites. I usually fill up on chips and salsa though and get one of their good dinner sized salads. Still miss their crispy shrimp--maybe one day they will bring it back. Service is almost always good and quick. Friday nights are fun--when I get there around 7 most of the happy hour crowd is crawling out and tables open up. I actually think the mix of tourists, left over happy hour crowd and families is a great mix. It loud, casual and laid back. Wish there were more places like it in the area.
4	I was in town on business, and friends of a friend invited me to dinner here.  Excellent frozen margaritas.  Very tasty.  I had the green chile enchiladas which were nicely prepared, and not your typical Mexican restaurant fare.  Cornbread was a nice touch, and very good, as well.  Caramel cheesecake was huge and shared by three people.  Nice place.  Service was good.  I would go back again.
5	Definitely one of my favorite chain restaurants!!!  Obviously their margaritas are to die for (I prefer the sangria swirl...or whatever that is :-)  Appis are awesome and very fulfilling...shrimp tostada bites are always a fav as well as the green pork chili w/warm tortialls.  The Jerk Chicken salad is always safe, but then again, I can't say that I've ever had a bad meal here....great happy hour, sunday brunch (i.e., bloody mary's)...can't go wrong and you know what you're getting!!
2	i found our server to be completely fake, and somewhat condescending. she just seemed to tolerate our party of 2. she was less than attentive, providing no plates or silverware for our appetizers - i remedied the situation by getting them myself. the margarita was very good and a fair value during happy hour, which was not crowded at all.
4	I joined friends for lunch at the Tatum location and was really, really pleased.  The service was friendly.  The atmosphere was really nice, and the food (I had the taco lunch special) was outstanding!  I will definitely be back to this location, and it has me curious enough to try some of the other locations as well.
4	mmmmmmmmm............cornbread........the jerk chicken salad is my favorite. So goood. Great margaritas.
4	i recently stopped by for lunch with a group from work. i'm upping the star rating to 4 for three reasons:1. the sign restricting firearms on the door. i like dining without guns. 2. service was really, really good. when 1 server can handle a table of 16 and make it look easy i'm impressed.3. my jerk chicken salad was really, really good.
4	Ok, here's the thing. This place is the favorite of one of my co-workers, so she always wants to head here after work (for the famously strong margaritas everyone else raves about.)  However, I'm a beer man, and there are only about 5 choices here, which are a whopping 50 cents off during happy hour. When my waitress first told me that, I just stood there and looked at her, waiting for her to tell me that she was just kidding. She didn't. Of all the things I have eaten here, probably the most memorable was the pulled pork nachos which I just had yesterday. I was expecting a plate piled high, but to my surprise they brought out the plate and there were.... 6.  Six nacho chips, arranged in a circle on my plate.  I felt pretty cheated at first.However, they were pretty big chips... and they were loaded with heaping helpings of pulled pork which was really pretty good.  Often I think this place tries to be too fancy with their food, but these were just mounds of bbq goodness. Throw a little guac on top (a combo I never thought of trying) and I was extremely satisfied. Of course the 3 beers (which I saved 50 cents on - each) helped out with that.So minus one star for the happy hour specials, lack of beer choices,  and the pretentiousness, and the rest is all good.
2	The live music on Fridays totally blows.  I prefer the tempe location. Chambord marg is to die for.
4	Z'Tejas is one of those places (for me, at least) that I totally forget about until someone says "hey, what about going to Z'Tejeas?" Then, I remember "ohhh the margaritas!!: This past Saturday night, this is just what happened! Living only a mile from the Phoenix Open, there wasn't a place around with less than a 90 minute wait and some friends and I were starving. One friend reminded us of Z's and they got us in for a table of 7 quickly. No apps were needed as we devoured the cornbread. Even my little baby boy gobbled some up, too!I got the wild mushroom enchailada and a pomogrante margarita. DE-LISH! I devoured it all! Then, I ordered margarita numbero dos. For someone who doesn't consume a lot of alcohol, I became Miss Chatty Cathy. But, I like this place a lot. There can be a lot of people there, but you don't feel crowded because the seating is nicely spaced. I've even sat at the bar seating before and never felt like anyone was in my personal space. Now, I have just got to remember to think of it when going to dinner.
4	Big fan of this chain. Love the chicken artichoke dish and the voodoo tuna. Recently discovered brunch, I got the quesadilla with tomatillo sauce and it was delicious. My man got the french toast, big, fluffy and tasted like candy. Now the best part: $3 your choice of vodka and a MAKE YOUR OWN BLOODY MARY BAR!!! Whoohoo! They have everything you can possibly imagine, including 4 different mixes to choose from.
4	Yelper's unite!! You people were not kidding when you said they have an awesome happy hour and margarita's! As I am a huge fan of margarita's and I believe not many places know how to make them right, Z Teja's did not disappoint. I look for a margarita that is swift to knock you right on your ass. There, I admitted that I like to have the tequila kick when I drink. I had one (ok I lied two) of their raspberry swirl margarita's (which I cannot tell you what the hell they called it) that almost looked too pretty to drink. However, I was disappointed in their nachos as I thought they would have all the glorious toppings besides just black bean cheese and lettuce....come on people step up the Mexican. They also had cornbread which was brought out like bread, and I love cornbread but not sure I liked the actual pieces of corn?! New Englanders are not used to our cornbread that way....But I really think this place has its drinks together, and I wouldn't mind going back again sometime....
4	Coming in from out of town, I wanted something southwest-y, and didn't actually realize this was a chain (yelp on a blackberry is only so helpful). I think this place is what Chilis wants to be. The food was very good, and reasonably priced. The drink we got (a hibiscus margarita) was as good as the other reviews claim - $ 8 for about a 4 oz drink. The cornbread before the meal was delicious (one of the highlights) and all of our meals were quite good. Entrees were in the $11-25 range. I'm not super excited about it, it's definitely got that chain vibe, but I have no complaints.Oh, and this location has a rather nice patio, and is right next to a TCBY =)
4	Great Happy Hour specials.  Good prices even outside of happy hour.  Love the Pork verde dish on the appetizer menu, but you wouldn't go wrong with any of the appetizers or dinner items.  Drinks are a bargain.  Their Patron Fusion is by far the strongest margarita I've had in the valley and very tasty.  You definitely wouldn't go wrong dining here!
4	Went here with my 2.5 yo son, 2 girl friends and their 1.5 and 2 yo children.  So since I'm a momma any place that "allows" children (really, just has paper menu and crayons and little juice cups with a lid and straw) and is patient, is automatically a 3 star. But even better the food was delicious - had the chicken quesadilla (from appetizer menu) and a southwest caesar salad since my toddler prefers salad to chicken strips! Ah, saves me about $6 in uneaten kid food. Yay kid.   Another plus: Staff was nice, didn't feel rushed even though it was busy. Oh, and cornbread. YUM cornbread! Oh and the chips and salsa.  I think we had probably 3 chip basket refills, probably mostly because of moi.
5	My heart sank the moment I realized that my wallet was still at home on the counter right next to the garage door. I met a colleague for lunch. It was great food, great service and a comfortable environment. The check came and everything was going great until I reached for my wallet. I didnt have it. I thanked my colleague for his company and sent him on his way noting that I wanted to hang out a little longer. I informed the host at the front door that a manager was needed because I had forgotten my wallet and then I called my wife to get my AMEX number. To my surprise, the manager walked over and thanked me for my patronage. Encouraged me to come back and then kindly offered to cover the bill on my behalf. That kind of service deserves 10 stars but because I can only give 5 they get that for sure. This place is simply awesome and this is an experience I will continue to tell people for years to come. I was already a fan of Z Tejas but now I'm a raving fan!
4	Chambord margaritas are killer!
4	Z'Tejas is quickly becoming one of our top "go to" breakfast places in town. They've got reasonable prices, the service is always great, and the best part of all is that they've got an amazing brunch menu...and don't even get me started on the cornbread.  It really is like having an extra little meal on the side and it's some of the best cornbread I've ever had the pleasure of slathering butter on and shoving down the gullet. Oh...and did I mention it's free with every meal? Yeah...makes us wanna high five the waitress each time we go there.A few of our favorite items on the brunch menu are the breakfast quesadilla, bananas foster french toast (very sweet), and eggs benedict.  We also make sure to get the chips and salsa trio with any meal here since their chips are always nice and fresh like they just came out of the oven (or wherever fresh chips come from).  There aren't a ton of items on the brunch menu, but it suffices and never leaves us dissapointed. The combo of good food and good service here should be the gold standard for chain restaurants...Z'Tejas knows its shit...they have fresh/fun food, and they have wait staff that are personable and always seem enthusiastic about the menu...can't ask for more than that. The only reason Z'Tejas isn't 5 stars is because is doesn't have that jaw dropping 'wow' factor with any of the dishes we've tried yet...it does have the "mmm...that's realllly good" factor going on...but not quite the "Arrrrgggh, I'm gonna have a seizure from overloading my taste buds with too much pleasure" factor. Still...a great place. 4/5.
4	First time here! Great waiter Taylor. The food and restaurant both great! Spoke to John the manager this guy knows customer service. It is nice to know there are still people like Taylor and John out there that take pride in their job!
4	Z'Tejas = num yummy!! I mean the margaritas and cornbread alone are worth coming to visit. I had some pulled pork quesadilla's that were packed with yummy goodness. Lots of pulled pork with the coleslaw. OMG. I could only eat two of the four pieces as I had already filled up on cornbread and chips and salsa. The only thing I was bummed about was that the cornbread can out a little cold for my liking. If could have even been warm I would have been happy, but it did not stop me from eating it. Definitely a great place to come, especially for happy hour!
5	I've had the pleasure of visiting the Chandler and Tempe locations multiple times for business dinnersand have never been disappointed.Warm cozy atmosphere, not too loud, good service and now we can talk about the food. Yummy cornbread, margaritas, appetizers and I love the chicken enchiladas!!!!
3	Bueno Queso...Tex Mex style.  I like it a lot and it is 1/2 price apps before 6:30.  Our service was super slow, but overall a descent experience.  I enjoyed the wild mushroom enchis.
3	This is a solid three for me.  We went for happy hour last thursday and had a couple of margaritas, the tune appetizer, which was very good. We also had the shrimp tostadas, this was not bad, but neither exceptional.  It was just competent.  The prices during happy hour are great.  The service was not that great, though.  When we got there, we sat at the bar.  There were a couple of servers/bartenders? at the end having a conversation.  I kept making eye contact and they saw us, but kept going on with their talk.  Finally the other bartender who was there got to us.  All in all, this is a good place to go when you have some time to kill during happy hour. We used to come here a ton a few years ago.  I guess when you are single this is one of the spots to hit.
2	Disclaimer: I remember Z'Tejas when it was first created by Guy Villavaso and Larry Foles in Scottsdale. I ate there yesterday at one of the chain's generic locations and was very disappointed. The place wreaks of a casual dinning chain. Gone is the cutting edge southwest cuisine that made it great. If you want a southwest style Marie Callender's by all means give it a try.
5	Arizona + Texas + Louisiana = Great flavors of Z'Tejas This our overall favorite restaurant in AZ. It's out go-to place for after work happy hour and it's also where we bring out-of-town visitors. Z'Tejas is NOT Mexican food. Rather it combines the flavors of the American Southwest in a bold, fresh, imaginative way. The frozen margaritas are the best in town. Jimmy Buffet would approve. What they lack in size, they more than make up for in strength. These babies pack a punch. Maybe that's why you have to get management's permission to have more than three? Z is near our house and serve a variety of great food, that's why it's one of our fave places. They sent me a $10 off coupon for my bday. Me and hubby went there for happy hour, had three killer appetizers (shrimp sausage dumplings, green pork chili, and Leo Street tenderloin tacos). Hubby had a margarita (voted PHX best) and I had a diet coke (trying to diet, as if). Total bill with tax and tip was under $19. Of course, bday coupon helped, but still...no wonder this is one our favorite places for food, drink, and value.
4	The food is very good, the service is great...the wait can be a bit long, but I have never been disapointed.  The freshest guacamole I have ever had...I'd swear the tree was growing in the kitchen.  I have been here for lunch, dinner, drinks, desert...love this place!
5	Yummy!!! This place exceed my expectations for sure! The prices were reasonable and the food and service was outstanding. They had awesome healthy options too. And a good kids menu. The two year old I care for LOVED the veggie quesadilla!
4	Never used to be a fan of this place...apparently they've changed their menu in the past few years, or my taste buds have matured past grilled cheese and pbj, which is a high possibility.  My hubby and I stopped by for lunch/brunch once and again a few weeks later for a late lunch.  I honestly can't remember what we ate for brunch/lunch but I know it was good (quite a bit of food though - recommend sharing if you can or doggie bag it).  The staff is all very friendly and welcoming as well.For the late lunch we split the chile pork verde.  It was very very good (in love with Renegade's green chili pork stew though.)  We also split Leo's Street Tacos.  Both of these were very filling and absolutely amazing.  The salsa/sauce that accompanied these dishes had so much flavor - in fact all the ingredients had flavor.  These two dishes combined with the corn bread...too much good stuff!  There were more items we would like to try so we will def be back.For dessert, we found out the apps were 1/2 price due to happy hour.  What a sweet treat.
5	Oh man this was good. I ordered the seafood enchiladas.. which honestly were nothing like an enchilada, but it was delicious anyway. One of the best means of my trip to Scottsdale recently. My girlfriend had the veggie quesedilla, which was OK, but not spectactular. I would order the seafood enchiladas any day of the week, and I look forward to going back for them.
3	Met cousins from Illinois for lunch last Wed. Sat outside..lovely day. Kind of a mixed review for me...I had the Diablo Pasta..quite good. Others enjoyed their food as well. Husband had the Almond Joy cheesecake...WONDERFUL..very rich and delish. My cousin had a chocolate cakey thing that he said was great. I was terribly disappointed in the margaritas...small in size..almost tasteless and a very very skimpy portion for the price..better margaritas @ Chili's for goodness sake. Also found the server a bit over the top. I know it's her job to upsell but according to her the margaritas were the best around..all the food was marvelous...just a bit too exuberant for me. All in all a good experience.
5	Great food and on the way home. Gets me in troble every time.
3	3 stars because the service at the Bar made me mad.  I went in with a girlfriend on a Friday at 2p and waited too long to be greeted (obviously, my opinion) and I would not use the word attentive at all to describe the bartender.  I really liked the food, I had the mushroom enchiladas and thought they were awesome! Also, if you go with a margarita add chambord to it for an extra, sweet zing! Yummy food, just disappointed in the Bartender.
5	Excellent brunch. Bloody Mary bar is wonderful The server was super nice, the food hot fresh delicious. The prices very reasonable. I know this is a chain but it is still great.
3	I come here about once a month after work with a coworker. It's between our homes and the noise level is just right for our "shop talk". Generally we sit in the bar at a 2 top for a couple hours and have about 2 drinks each. I haven't noticed any happy hour prices that apply to us, as I drink wine, and she top shelf Gin. Maybe we get some type of deal, but it doesn't seem like it. That hasn't seemed to deter us. We usually spend about $24.00. The only problem I have had is sometimes the bar is full and we can't get a seat. We then ask to be sat in the dining area and have been denied because we "aren't eating". I guess I somewhat get that, but it's not like there was a wait and the tables were even half full. Maybe we should have not even mentioned we weren't planning to eat and then just never ordered! Their food is a-okay, but my friend doesn't eat at restaurants as she has a strict diet at home. We don't stay long enough for me to really even be hungry and last I looked there weren't any very appealing Veg options anyhow. So, a couple times we have had to leave. Seems pretty silly to me to turn away customers. Especially regulars. Oh well, we still keep coming back, so I guess Z'Tejas wins in the end! The service really is attentive and friendly. Meh.
4	Z'Tejas always has above average food and is a great lunch spot. I like all the locations, but I think this one is best for business. I suggest newbies try the Shrimp Guacamole Tostada bites to get started. I have never had a bad meal here, so try anything on the menu. Their NY Strip at dinner is magnificent.
3	So apparently Z just added wine to their happy hour or I have never been offered the special in 2+ years. I'm not sure. Our waitress we had was one whom we had not been served by in the past and she said they had always been on special! If so Z' Tejas owes me about $300.00. Anyhow, the house wines were 3 dollars a glass last week as opposed to the usual 6 or 7. This made me pretty excited for future, though a little confused about the past.
4	Great happy hour.  Consistent tasty food!
3	This was my first trip to this location and I don't think ill be back. Margaritas great.Chips, guac great.Cornbread great.Our server "Bubba" was the highlight of the entire night. He seemed to be the only energy in the place. As the other location seems to be always happening we were kinda of shocked about the lack of any kind of vibe.I ordered a vodka grapefruit and that one they were out of grapefruit so that was a let down. Not bad , not good.
1	After agreeing to meet a friend here, as this was Her favorite spot. I showed up on the wrong "party" night. It was extremely loud and chaotic.I attempted to order a drink at the bar while I wait for Her, and with NO luck. We decided to go next door to another space.Perhaps you might want to try the space on a slower afternoon?
4	Awesome food, great service!  I would have given 5 stars if I didn't have to listen to a group of drunk women screaming with joy through out my entire meal.  Some people need to be cut off!  Also, the live music on Friday nights is a little loud for my taste.  But I love the food!
5	This place was great as a dinner for two! We got a seat right away even though it was around 7:30 on a Saturday night. Our server was friendly and the food was really good. It was actually spicy too. Watch out for those margaritas though, they are quite potent! I had one Little Larry (the mini version) and that was more than enough for me in one sitting.
4	Never a bad meal at Z'Tejas. I've been eating at this location for several years now. Anytime my in-laws are in the area, they call my husband and I up to go here for dinner. We spent Christmas Eve here two years in a row, and with a party of 11, not one bad dish! Z'Tejas is kid friendly which is a bonus. Leo's Street Tacos are my favorite along with their Skillet Dumplings. The two combined with a small Caesar salad make for a great meal.
4	This Z' Tejas on Tatum and Shea in particular has great staff and THE BEST CHIPS AND SALSA! I love their Salsa Verde and could drink it by the gallon! =) Their Chambord Margarita's are par to none and they have a great Happy Hour for appetizers!  I am not as big of a fan of their entrees and they are slightly high on the caloric side; but It is a fun and laid back place to meet with people or just grab a quick bite or drink!
4	We stumbled upon this place by accident and I'm glad we did. It was a perfect day for dining outdoors which is what we did. The waitress brought out freshly baked corn bread and butter....nice touch. I ordered the avocado turkey burger which was huge and delicious. My hubby ordered the steak burrito, I don't think he enjoyed his meal as much as I enjoyed mine.The only complaint was our table. There is a large round bar underneath the table which makes it impossible to fit your legs comfortably. We don't live anywhere near here, but next time we're in the area we will have lunch.
4	I have to say that I am usually not one to rave over a chain restaurant, but I do really love z-Tejas. Their Mac n cheese is entirely delicious! It's enough to share with a friend, as it has nice slices of chicken breast in it and comes in a little cast iron dish. They also always bring out a dish of fresh made corn bread, any time of the day lunch or dinner. And did I mention they have the BEST raspberry Lemondrop Martini I have ever had in my life?! I still can't stop thinking about it and I had it weeks ago. Yummy!!!! They can get pretty busy on the weekends and the parking lot is shared so it fills up quickly too.
2	I am usually a huge "Z fan" but this experience was not up to par.  As expected, we waited 1/2 hour for a table on the patio (why they have that beautiful glassed in patio for smokers is beyond me!)  The waitress was obviously slammed and our service was atrocious.  The food was mediocre at best.  I am not sure if this is indicative of this location but, my experiences at the Chandler Z have all been much better.
4	The Frozen Strawberry Margaritas are strong and yummy, just how I like them!After roaming around Mill Ave., my friend suggested coming over to Z'Tejas because she used to work here. I let her do the ordering since I'm sure she knew all the good stuff. We started off with Strawberry Margaritas and they are really good! It's a great way to get your buzz going since they're strong too. As for appetizers, we got the Tejas Trio, Cast Iron Skillet Dumplings, and the Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostada Bites. The Tejas Trio was basically your chips and salsa, except it came with guacamole, chile con queso with chorizo and salsa picante. The Cast Iron Skillet Dumplings were spicy shrimp and pork, wrapped in wontons, steamed and seared, served with a sweet ginger soy dipping sauce. These were really good, I loved the sauce that was drizzled over it. The Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostada Bites were tiny little tostada rounds topped with fresh guacamole with marinated grilled shrimp on top. Everything at our table was pretty good and I enjoyed it all even though we only ordered drinks and appetizers. Even though Z'Tejas is located in college town, the crowd in here was a little bit older. I'd say it was mostly people in their twenties or thirties. It's a pretty big restaurant and it looks like a great place to drink and hang out if you want to get away from the typical college crowd. I think they have great happy hour specials as well.
3	Steak burrito was medicore so were the chicken quesadillas my husband ordered. I tasted my sister's Diablo pasta and that too was just OK. The best thing I ate there was the cornbread, which was moist and delcious. If I ever go back i'd stick with the chips, guacamole, and margaritas.
4	HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS!!! The shrimp quacomole dish on the happy hour menu is YUM!!! I  I also had the Ahi tuna app which had this great sauce. Not sure what else was in it. The waiter was super funny and a the patio with the sun shining. Perfect!!!
5	The Tejas Trio and Margaritas are to die for!
1	After reading all the great reviews on Yelp and in other places, I came here expecting margaritas that would make my heart sing Spanish love songs, even though I don't know Spanish.  We chose Cinco de Mayo for our visit, since I wanted an excellent margarita, and we both ordered the 6th st. "award-winning" margarita as a starting place.  First, it was tiny.  Second, it had the quality of so many restaurant margaritas, and how else can I describe it other than floor cleaner?  You know, the kind they used to wax the terrazzo floors of your high school cafeteria with.  Tasted like that.  Good margaritas are so easy to make, but almost no one gets them right because they either use crappy bulk mixes or that garbage that comes out of a giant steel container through a gun.  Disappointing.I was hoping the food would redeem the lousy margarita, but alas, I found no redemption here.  In a word, or three, it was really, really mediocre.  We ordered the chips and salsa, with the three house salsas, and it was decent, but no better than the free stuff you get at most any cheap Mexican restaurant.  Nothing fantastic, but decent.  The cornbread was good, but seemed like a gimmick.  My wife's salad was below average.  Funny, but they mix your salad for you at tableside, which seems odd unless you are at a four-star restaurant from 1980 and they are mixing your Caesar salad in a giant stainless bowl before delivering your Steak Tartare with a side of gout.  I ordered the diablo pasta, thinking it would light my fire and cause me to forget the lousy margarita and order a more expensive one, but el Diablo was nowhere to be found.  Instead, el Diablo sent his less well-known American cousin, Senor Bland.  It wasn't hot in any way, shape or form and in fact didn't taste like anything besides milkfat pretending to be a sauce of some kind.  I ate about three bites and gave up because it was so incredibly tasteless.The service was good, and I liked both the hostess and our waitress.  I did see a couple at the table next to us walk out because they didn't feel they were being attended to fast enough, but I thought they were just being jerks.  The decor looks as though they bought out one of those stores that sells model home furniture and called it a day, but then most of the houses in Phoenix look like this, so I can't fault them too much for trying to make their clientele feel at home.This restaurant is mostly for people who want to pretend they like southwestern/Mexican food, but think Chili's is not authentic enough (by the way, Chili's has better margaritas, and that's sad).  Needless to say, I won't be going back.  I can go to the Los Taquitos near my house and eat authentic food and drink a margarita with fresh-squeezed lime juice for half the price, and with way more than twice the taste.
3	I am a fan of Z tejas, but it IS a chain. It is very good for a chain restaurant, but hardly deserving of 4 or 5 stars. Decent casual southwestern inspired food. Service is is hit and miss, and the food is tasty, but average.
5	I gave Z Tejas 5 stars because there isn't a single thing I don't love. Their menu is creative, with both healthy and comfort choices, and everything is delicious! I've had the ruby trout, the chicken sandwich, turkey burger, chicken enchilada, green chile barbacoa enchiladas, five cheese macaroni and achiote chicken- which is worth every calorie, but don't order this often! The service is great, too. Go for happy hour, it's one of the best in town IMO. I have also ordered food to go several times and it is always packaged perfectly neat, and they give you a generous portion of their fresh corn bread.  Now that I wrote this, I can't stop thinking about the little shrimp tostadas on happy hour and the margaritas!
3	Went for my Bday dinner. Nachos were good, margaritas strong. They gave me some chocolate cayenne pie, was amazing!
4	I love the cornbread!  I love how it has nice whole kernels and that it comes to your table warm.  My husband ordered the special, which was the duck tacos.  OMG!  I hope it stays on the menu permanently.  They were sweet yet spicy.  I love that.  The dish wasn't too big or too small.I ordered the Chicken Jerk Salad.  I order this every time I come here.  I ask for the dressing on the side and asked for Caesar dressing instead of sesame ginger dressing.  I love it.  I can never finish it though, so my husband has no problem helping me.  Service was great!  Hopefully I can make it to happy hour one day.
5	Fresh Salmon with grilled veggies were awesome.  Enjoyed the Chile Relleno.  Live music was a treat we didn't expect.  Would definitely return.
2	Wow. Buzzkill. I use to live in Scottsdale and was a hard core regular of the Z Tejas in  Scottsdale. Use to be an event to go to Z Tejas. This location not so much. The chipotle salsa use to be heavenly. No more. Bland and boring. Stuffed pork tenderloin - use to be incredible! Flavorful! Now - not so much. The night I went I felt like I was at a Chili's or TGIF's on a Friday night... major buzzkill all the way around....  Go somewhere else.
4	Love the cornbread.  Hot and it has pieces of corn in the cornbread.  Great starter snack.  I went with duck tacos, which was a special that day, Sweet and spicy meat with fresh ingredients to cool the spice down.I also enjoyed the Chicken Jerk salad, on the spicy side for me, but I endured the spice since the flavor of the salad was great.  I also enjoyed an afternoon beer with my lunch and it overall is a great lunch experience.  I would dine here again, I went with the waiters suggestions and it turned out great.
4	I'll start by reminding anyone who reads this that I am a VERY picky person as you can see by my reviews!I took a friend here for Sunday brunch for her birthday....I chose Z'Tejas because they have a "bloody mary" bar, and I do love my Sunday morning Bloody Mary!We were immediately greeted and seated by a friendly hostess and joined promptly by our server "Bubba".I normally dont mention names as not to make anyone feel bad....but with Bubba there's nothing to feel bad about.He greeted us with a super smile and his outgoing personality which made us feel at home instantly!We started, of course, to the bloody mary bar which offered a large variety of hot sauces and condiments.....although I enjoy my bloody marys I really dont know how to make a good one, but with the assistance of several employees who were happy to help, I enjoyed a darn good drink!My problem with the condiments was that most of it looked dried out ex: carrots, celery and pickles.While enjoying our drinks Bubba came to our table to make us the guacamole we ordered, he showed us each ingredient before adding it and a few minutes later we were digging into our guac and chips...yummmmmWe shared a "shrimp omelete" which had baby shrimp,goat cheese and was very good.  We couldnt decided on the corn bread, morning glory muffin or the fresh fruit, so Bubba, being the excellent server he is brought all 3.The cornbread was fluffy and not at all crumbly which I did not prefer, but it really is just a matter of taste.The omelette came with little potatoe chunks that were well seasoned.Here comes the Con (the 2nd reason they lost points)....we had just started with our appetizer of guac and chips when they came to the table with the main course.We would have preferred to enjoy what was already on the table before bringing more, especially because by the time we got around to the omelette it was not hot.They brought my friend an "on the house" birthday desert which was a browine type mixture baked as a pie with a dab of whipped cream on top.The brownie pie is a "MUST TRY", it was sweet and decedant and sinful and we loved it!We never had to ask for anything as Bubba visited us frequently to check on things.The atmosphere is comfortable, big and airy and a great place to enjoy a meal or just a cocktail.We WILL be back and I do reccomend you give it a try....and dont forget to ask for "BUBBA"...In the meantime.....Bon' Appetite
3	Really enjoyed the wild mushroom enchiladas.  Service was uninspired.  Would have given a 4 if the waitress seemed to have any desire to be there...
5	yummy appetizers on happy hour and very decent drink specials! food was top notch and service is better than i could ever ask for!  i had the pleasure of being served by Derek, he was patient, there when i needed him, always smiling and engaging and most importantly informed me of the specials that weren't on the menu right away!  i will be back!
4	Very good cornbread and the street tacos were awsome.
3	Not bad. They bring out the cornbread to start with and it's pretty good. Overall the food is good but I'm always hoping for better. Over all, everything is good but not memorable.
4	Food is not gourmet but the margaritas are good and the atmosphere is usually friendly and fun.  I'm a fan of the pork chile verde, and of course - the cornbread.
4	I love this place! The food is consistently good and the service is always excellent. The Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostado Bites were beautifully presented and tasted a good as they looked. The Ruby Red Trout salad was loaded with trout - no skimping here. If you've never had the Pecan-crusted chicken salad, it is a nice, but not heavy, entree. If you have room, the Ancho Fudge Pie is delicious.And of course, the best margaritas in town. I'm not a fan of frozen margaritas, but Z'Tejas' are wonderful - with or without the Chambord! They are so good, they limit the number you can have 'cuz the tend to sneak up on you!
5	Best burger I have ever eaten in my life. Seriously.
4	Great selection, including healthy items. Be careful if you like mild dishes, though; items tend to be hot.
5	I've been going to Z'Tejas for many years.  The menu is varied, food is cooked to your specifications. . .your item doesn't have to be hot or too spicy as they cook to order. The cornbread is outstanding. . .fresh baked and it  comes with your meal. If I need to get a gift card for relatives, take-out for the family, or have  guests in town,  this is my first choice.  I've never had a bad meal there!!! I love this place!!Linda H.
2	Went for breakfast. Very limited menu and no kids menu (8 bucks for 2 eggs and 2 strips of bacon for the kiddo - wth!). Food was all right but nothing special and way overpriced. Service was decent, but couldn't overcome everything else. Will not be back.
2	Pictures on the menu.  Anytime there are pictures on the menu(exception Asian food) the place has reduced costs and decided to to profitable over serving good food.  This is not the same place I liked 10 years ago.  Maybe its a good stock, but not a good place to eat.
4	As good as it gets for a chain restaurant! I like this one better than their location in Scottsdale Fashion Square as it is livelier and brighter. The food is consistently good; not amazing but fresh, generous and nicely presented. Their Happy Hour is a real plus.
4	Love Z'Tejas for fresh Mexican food with a lighter touch. Must have the Shrimp and Guacamole bite size tostadas.
2	The service was really good.  The food wasn't.  The rice tasted like it had been made hours before and kept in a warmer.  It was clumpy and not good.  The rest of the food did not taste like it was freshly prepared.  Very disappointed.  The server was really nice though.
5	Awesome experience!  You have to order the Jalapeno margaritas!!  Service was on point and the food around the table looked and tasted fantastic...we will make this an annual stop to our Spring Training trips.
4	The 4 stars are for the Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostado Bites.  These are my all time favorite here.  Perfectly cooked and well done.  Love the kick.  What I don't recommend is the Pepita Crusted Chicken.  Sounds yummy but eh.  With all the flavors in it, you'd think it would be a party in your mouth.  I thought it was all pretty mild with the artichoke hearts being the only thing that stood out.  The sweet potatoes were a bit too hard for my liking so not sure if that is how they should be or they were just undercooked - crunchy.Don't know how the rest of the food is but the tried and true are the Grilled Shrimp & Guacamole Tostado Bites.
4	I like this place for Happy Hour.  The shrimp tostadas are terrific and mini steak tacos are fun.  The atmosphere is ok and the wait staff is friendly and service is professional and fast.  Great first date place.
5	The chambord margarita is the bomb!
3	OK, so we went on Father's Day so it was pretty busy.  Service was slow, did not get us our appetizer (but didn't charge for it either) and acknowledged it when that was pointed out.  As someone else said, not a great breakfast place.  My Eggs Benedict were just warm, the yolk on one was hard cooked and not enough Hollandaise sauce.  My sister ordered the stuffed French Toast and loved it.  Those of our party who ordered lunch items enjoyed their meals. Will I be back?  Not sure-first outing here was not enough to put it on my "let's go back" list...
4	Came here on the  fourth of July for a late lunch at about 3 so there weren't a lot of people and we got seated and drinks right away. I ordered the only vegan item on the menu the vegetable tacos.  They were good,  the veggies were roasted and had a ton of flavor. It was a nice quick bite to eat.
4	Had a coupon for a free appetizer from our  lodging, so thought we would give it a try.  I had to ask our server Stephanie her name (not giving their name is a particular pet peeve of mine,) but she quickly warmed up and gave us individual attention.  She recommended the renowned margaritas, and my wife tried the Paradise Rita and I tried the Chambord Rita.  Both were delicious and refreshing and $1 off due to happy hour.  We had also noticed that wine bottles were half price on Tuesday nights on the way in, and we sprung for the Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc, and it was crisp and fruity in spite of being a screw top.  For our free appetizer, we got the table side guac, and Stephanie mixed it up at the table, but I noticed she did not use all of the pre-measured salt and pepper and it could have used it.  Still not table side guac up to our expectations.  My wife ordered the habanero chicken pasta, and it was good but the sun-dried tomatoes and the pasta were too dry.  I tried the Jack's 5 Cheese macaroni topped with achiote chicken, which was also dry.  The macaroni had bleu, jack, cheddar, Romano, and Parmesan cheeses with bacon, and had a good taste overall but just needed some moistening up.  Served with a skillet of cornbread and honey butter.  As Stephanie was packing up the leftovers for us, two slices of cornbread baptized the table next door, and she brought us a whole cornbread in its place (packed safely we assume in the kitchen!). Overall a great dining experience and we would visit again!
4	I've been to this location several times over the years and have always had good experiences.  This time for lunch I had the green chile barbacoa enchiladas and they were delicious.  I also love their cornbread.  The server was very friendly and got my friend's complicated order prepared perfectly.
5	My sister in law choose this place for her birthday Dunch. I have to say I'm glad she did. The drinks the appetizers and the entrees are phenomenal. The service was on point and the
3	Came here on a Saturday night - it was pretty slow - there was no wait.  The one-man band there was alright - though it was a little loud.  It was kind of funny that he sang all cover songs that were all originally sung by females.  I ordered the street tacos, which made me full, but in actuality it wasn't that good - it was a little tasteless.  My SIL ordered the wild mushroom enchilada's which were delicious and what I normally order, but I wanted to try something new - I should've stuck to the enchiladas.  Service was nice.  He was friendly and offered his suggestions when we had a couple of questions.  He refilled our drinks and checked on us often.  I would definitely come back again.
5	We are regulars here for a reason.  The staff is great, the food is great and this business is originally from my home in Austin, TX .  This location is more geared to the middle aged folks, which is good for us. I highly recommend!!!
3	Those tostada shrimp bites were delicious, I wasn't excited about paying for chips & salsa. It is a great HH spot but the dinner menu was underwhelming
3	Not a bad place wish they had more of a normal menu.
2	Meh.... Let's start with the positives:  Our server was friendly and awesome.  The cornbread served in the cast iron pan was rustic and fresh (piping hot from the oven).  The food presentation was pretty and appealing.  The ambience was rustic, but the place was bustling -- but I went on Black Friday.  It probably isn't usually this crazy.  The prices are middle of the road.The negatives:  Too bad the food did not taste as good as it looked.  Everything seemed to need some salt and they used the same slaw in the ahi bites appetizer as in the fish tacos I ordered.  This homogenous taste experience left much to be desired.  Why they serve fish tacos rolled in a gummy flour tortilla is a mystery.  If you are going to serve a rolled taco, it better be a fresh corn tortilla.  The gummy flour tortilla stuck to my teeth and top of my mouth.   I ate 2 pieces this way and eventually just took my fork and gutted the two remaining pieces and the experience was much better.I guess I am used to real Mexican food and enjoy good Cali-Mex and Tex-Mex.  However, this place would not qualify as good in my book.  I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.My sister chose this restaurant.  I definitely will not return on my own volition.
4	I have been to this restaurant several times in the past couple of years as my brother loves coming here. The 1/2 price bottles of wine on Monday and Tuesdays was a nice touch for the holiday season and the service was generally good. We were left at the bar once for quite some time with no server in sight. Our server said something was going on in the restaurant but didn't elaborate. I have to say that I wasn't a big fan of the table side guacamole. It was a cool looking set up, but the flavors were lacking a bit. I had the Mushroom Enchiladas, gluten free style. I really don't get how it differed from the main menu Mushroom Enchiladas and the server couldn't seem to explain this either, but the enchiladas were tasty and I loved the mango salsa. My brother had the seafood enchiladas. I tried a bite and was really disappointed.  The fish tasted fishy which means it probably wasn't really fresh. He didn't care for it either. Everyone at our table raved about the cornbread served in a small skillet at the table but I did not try that. I will probably check out a new place when I come back but it isn't a bad meal and, if you drink enough wine, who would care anyway?
4	In LOVE with this place. No really. it's a little embarassing being in love with a mexican restaurant but they say you don't choose who you love right??? Z tejas...I have no idea what that means but it sounds nifty. They have a wonderful happy hour that is honored throughout the whole restaurant but the thing that keeps me coming back are the tenderloin street tacos. DELISH. not to mention their chips and salsa!  one thing I dislike is that you have to buy their chips and salsa its not complimentary and its not exactly cheap. They do however redeem themselves with the complimentary skillet cornbread that is absolutely delicious. This is the one restaurant I cannot stay away from as those damn street tacos keep calling my name. They also have a pretty mean frozen margaritas that can be stiffened up with patron floats!
4	Where to start, where to start. I don't know if it deserves four stars or not. I am definitely stuck in the middle. What I liked: atmosphere, free piping hot corn bread served out of a skillet, and its been so long I remember liking the flavor of the food (but don't remember what my party ate).What I disliked: "Mexican" restaurants charging for chips and salsa (see corn bread comment above, though), their prices were definitely on the higher side, and not knowing who was serving me also bothered me. In my opinion, this is a very pricey "Mexican" restaurant. Though I may go back again, will I? Probably not a good sign if I doubt my self returning here. There are plenty of Mexican/Tex-Mex restaurants in Arizona for me to go to, before this one pops in my radar again.
4	There is such a great variety on the menu, it makes it easy to come back and try different dishes. Last night I had the grilled chicken with artichoke hearts, spinach, mushrooms with a wonderful cream sauce and pumpkin seeds on top to finish it off. It also came with mashed potatoes and wonderful grilled veggies, included corn. It was VERY GOOD!The happy hour is also a great value and again has many different options to choose from. $5 chambord margarita is sweet and strong! I only had one, but already felt the affects when it was empty.I have tried a plethora of items on the menu and have not been disappointed in any of them. (The salads are great too!)
3	My fiance and I moved to Phoenix about 3 weeks ago, and decided that we wanted to do a fairly low-key Valentine's Day at a moderately priced restaurant in the area. We checked open table, saw that Z'Tejas still had some openings, and since we had been told by some friends that their food was excellent we decided to make a reservation.Positives: the food really was great! We loved the chips & salsa appetizer we chose (even though I do find it a little silly that you have to pay for chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant), loved the complimentary hot cornbread in a skillet, and loved our entrees as well (I got the fajitas, he got the chicken enchiladas). The food was almost better than great, it was exactly what we would have wanted and I find myself already craving it again!Negatives: It took us fifteen solid minutes to even get a waitress to our table, which I would totally understand if it was super busy, but it wasn't. We were actually surprised at how many open tables we saw given that it was Valentine's Day, and yet we still had to wait. Our waitress was also just not that great once she arrived. She didn't seem to know much about the food or drinks, and seemed a bit flighty.We were also disappointed by the drinks we received. My fiance ordered a Dos Equis draft and they apparently had run out earlier in the evening, so he went with a bottled Dos Equis amber. Not a huge deal, again, I understand completely that things happen, but it was slightly disappointing. I ordered the "beerita", which is a margarita with a mini Corona bottle in it. It was okay, but I have absolutely had better. It was supposed to be frozen and it was more melty than anything, which I personally don't think tastes as great with the beer pouring into it.Overall, I am certain we will be going back, but maybe for a lunch experience with beers rather than a dinner experience with specialty drinks.
5	One of my all time favorites!  Everything on the menu has FLAVOR you will love!!
4	My wife and I sat outside to eat (we are from Michigan and it's March), which was pleasant.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  The food was very tasty, although it was not as spicy as I would have expected for the type of restaurant that this is.  Gluten free friendly menu.  I had the seafood enchilada and it was prepared wonderfully, with the food flavorful and cooked just right (e.g. the shrimp was nice and tender, not overcooked like so many places unfortunately do).  The cornbread was excellent.
2	Had no idea we were going to a mall to eat to begin with! We were told that we should go here for the chambord margaritas. They were very good! The guacamole and queso was delicious. No need to get dressed up to eat here. If you were shopping and needed a place to eat, not a bad choice. Any of the other restaurants would be just as good. Would have been better just for happy hour.
5	Chicken noodle soup!!!! Yummy
4	HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:The Happy Hour here is outstanding!  I've come here a few times after work with friends on Friday nights and the place is packed and lively. I highly recommend you give it a try. Yes, I know it's a chain; but you're in for a treat when you come here.  And people just don't leave because it's 7pm and HH is over, some stay till closing.  LOLAMBIANCE/MOOD:The buzz and atmosphere on a Friday night is great. It's mostly standing room only, but there are a few bar stools that open from time to time.Somewhat modern, somewhat eclectic (see photo of the mounted Cadillac bumper), but very relaxed and friendly. The first thing you'll noticed are the three flat screen, but no one is watching. LOL. Everyone is just enjoying each other's conversation, whether they're with your group or not. Nice. MENU:I've taken several photos of the HH menu, but it's $5 and $6 for most items. The standouts are the Mexican Street Tacos (addicting and a must) and the $5.00 Chambord Margaritas (they're tasty and strong).  I've also developed a craving for their Roasted Salsa and cheese Queso. SERVICE:If the service wasn't good...  well... you would still would come for the food, but it's very good with all the servers working together. The bar staff also seems to just stand in front of their frozen slushy/Margarita machine all night. LOL  They keep making one drink after another. There's a fluidness to how everyone is just hustling. Nice!FOOD:I've mentioned the Chambord Margaritas, Street Tacos and Queso, are each good starting points. PRICES:Very inexpensive. Expect to pay $20-25 depending on how hungry you are and how addictive you become to their Margaritas. LOL!!So Four Stars and "yes, we're a Fan." Enjoy!
5	The absolute best Margaritas in Arizona! My favorite is the Patron Fusion. There's a 3 drink limit on these. Trust me, you'll need a designated driver for sure!
5	We always enjoy the food and service at Z'Tejas but we needed a small party catered and thought to inquire. Again we were plesantly surprised at the professionalism and attention we recived. Everyrhing was delicious. Price point was very reasonable.  Just another reason I like going to Z Tejas.
5	Yummmmmy food and great margaritas!  Service was excellent. Would definitely go back.
2	We went for the Bloody Mary bar and we discovered they use no-name house vodka when the one at Fashion Square uses top shelf for the same price. Disappointing. Also, the pancakes are terrible. I gave it 2 stars because they HAVE a Bloody Mary bar.
4	This Z'Tejas location is my favorite out of all the other ones. The staffs here are always friendly and helpful. Love their corn bread which is always fresh and hot out of the oven. I always order their street tacos as an appetizer to share. They're  tasty and yummy! So far everything that I have tried on the menu has been delish. No complaints on the service or food yet. The only thing that I didn't really enjoy was my strawberry mojito. It had no flavor and was watered down. All I could taste was the watered down alcohol and mint leaves. I've had way better mojitos elsewhere. I will be back to try their margaritas next time.
4	Enjoyed the food, had a salads can't remember the name but it was pretty tasty!Plus they give you free hot cornbread yum!
4	The happy hour here is great! Lots of appetizers to choose from at great prices. We had a shrimp and avacado on a tostada, street tacos, a pork dish, and several drinks and the total was around $35.The shrimp and avacado was my favorite!  I am looking forward to trying more.
4	My husband and I we looking for a different restaurant and saw this place and decided to give it a try. The service was GREAT. Our server was very attentive and fast.
3	Enjoyed the queso dip tremendously. The guac tasted and looked too processed- like store-bought guac. The salsa had a good flavor. There were four of us eating and the pasta was the best: jerk chicken was great and just the right amount of heat.  The grilled chicken burritos were good: nothing special about them but nothing negative to say either.  Very spicy! The steak burrito was ok. Chambord margaritas were good bad strong. Would've liked more chambord in mine though. Overall, it's good, but didn't have exactly what I was looking for.
5	Wow! I was really blown away by this place! We had never eaten here and are new to the area so we came in thinking it was more of a Qdoba place (I was wearing sweat shorts!). I apologize to everyone who had to witness me in my grubbies. I ordered the Chambord margarita (awesome) and we started with the trio appetizer. Boy was that queso good! I had the shrimp and guacamole bites (good), hubby had the green chili pork enchiladas (excellent), son had the street tacos (good) and daughter had the mushroom enchiladas (excellent). Yes, I know my kids have excellent taste. We will definitely be back and I promise we'll be a little more pleasing to the eye.
5	One word: margaritas!This is a spot I always suggest on date nights because I love the margaritas and food here!We came here most recently on a Friday during happy hour.  Fortunately happy hour is available through the entire restaurant!  We of course got the Chambord margaritas, only $5 during happy hour.  This would be one of the most perfect margaritas in town if I never found out the calories: over 400!  Too bad because 3 of these babies will have you down & out!We shared the shrimp guacamole bites first which were very good & not too heavy.  The shrimp has a delicious grilled flavor that really enhances the bite.  Next we did the catfish tacos, really yummy!  These are two flour tortillas rolled with catfish avocado & cabbage.  Lastly we shared the pork tostadas which were decent but not as light as the first two apps.The best thing here is the achiote chicken chopped salad!  Usually this is what we order, and I love how they will mix it at your table.  Usually I keep the dressing on the side & don't let them mix it.
5	I love this place.. Steve Harvey will too; 0) Nice mature crowd, just get here early.  I  come once a week after visiting with my mom.Happy hour is the best time of the day for me.And the sheared ahi tuna is delicious and the martinis are very tasty...
5	Great food!  Great ambiance!  The outdoor patios have a jungle feeling with the street closed off by large trees. It's very quaint. Always busy.
4	PATRON FUSION!!!! Wow. Love it!!! This place has really figured out how to make a margarita. It is the ONLY place that I enjoy drinking a margarita. Their food is very good & I have always had great service. Keep up the good work! One of my favorite places.
4	Interesting spots for tex max / New Mexico cuisine. Nothing too special but they do have a few things that are worthy to try and eat. All meals come with free chips and salsa and their signature cornbread with honey butter. They also have a good happy hour daily on drinks and appetizers.
4	Just had brunch at Z'Tejas ordered their breakfast enchilada and it was delicious. Just the right amount of spice, I would definitely recommend this dish.
2	Have been to this place a number of times with few complaints. Sat at bar and got drink ok. Sat for 20 minutes before anyone got close enough to order food. Not happy. Paid for drink and left. It wasn't that busy.
3	I have been here many times and enjoy the menu because of its' diverse options. What is lacking is the service. Tonight I went with 3 friends and our server was less than attentive-in fact we had to hunt her down. We got good service from the busses and expediter but would have ordered more drinks if she just swung by now and then. If the service were good, the food would be a  5 but the prices are a bit high to beg for a refill from a random server.  Diablo pasta is spicy and has interesting flavor. Others had a steak, fish tacos, and quesadilla.  Everyone finished their food And enjoyed it but commented on the lack of service. It will be a while before I try again.
5	We had a large group and the service was quick and friendly. The chambord margaritas are the best. Will come back again!
5	Good food plus free EV charging close by!I love Mexican food and Z Tejas does a wonderful job. I have had Southwest-type salads there several times.So nice to be able to charge up my EV for free while I'm eating. I was surprised that none of the restaurants in the area promote it.
4	It's been a long time since I've been to Z'Tejas. Use to go there quite often when it was a new concept, but fickle I am. I'm delighted to say we had a great meal there tonight.I had forgotten how much I liked the oven fresh cornbread that leads off the meal. I ordered the smothered chicken burrito. It carried some serious heat, which I loved, but I suspect it was more than the kitchen intended. Others in my party opted to share three happy hour appetizer specials. They enjoyed all three.Our table was located within earshot of the bar. Tuesday?!? night and happy hour was in full swing. Volume increased as the night progressed and drinks multiplied, gradually making conversation at our table a bit challenging. Didn't ruin the meal, but surely didn't add to it either. Obviously, they still have a great happy hour at Z'Tejas. I'd recommend a table well away from that area. Or perhaps just join in the drinking.
3	Corn bread--good.  Street tacos--very good.  The baked seafood enchilada--not so good (tasted very fishy).  Tortilla soup--not so good, but maybe be average for a tex-mex style.
2	Rule 1: Don't expect brilliant Mexican food in a suburban restaurant.Rule 2: When the clientele in said restaurant has a large number of mom-jeans-wearing WASPs, rule 1 x 10. Z'Tejas promises "Mexican-inspired" cuisine but they deliver a tepid blend of ingredients that do little to inspire one's tastebuds.  The baked seafood enchilada had next to no taste, and when combined with a cardboard-like texture it was entirely unappetizing.  The fish tacos were slightly better but a Filet-'O'-Fish is more drool-inspiring.  On the positive side, the cornbread wasn't bad and the service was reasonably attentive, but it's not enough to rescue the poor offerings from the kitchen.
4	Ate here our first night visiting Phoenix. Very clean and the fajitas were yummy. Great happy hour and it was hopping! Not bad for a chain.
1	Long time yelp user, first time commenting.  Felt obligated to comment bc this was the WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD!  Please do not go here... So bad!
1	Chose 1 star because I couldn't pick 0 stars. Worst service I've ever had... Food very mediocre, drinks too expensive, and very dead for a Saturday night dinner.  Wouldn't recommend to a friend.
