4	The perfect place for a tasty fatty southern meal.
4	Don't let the outside and inside appearance scare you away. This place has very good Southern food, everything from fried okra to collard greens, and many if not all their dishes are homemade. Plus, it's very reasonable....$8.50 for lunch which includes an entree, two sides, and biscuits
5	Snuck in here for some dinner last night, and it was all I had hoped for. And more. Flawlessly redone, lots of familiar faces, perfect.The smell of fresh vinyl's a teeny bit overwhelming, but soon, it'll be taken over by the sweet aroma of clogged arteries. Fried pickles, burgers, and dogs are here, but the menu expands - and there's some eggplant parm, some greek stuffs, even a sizable salad section. Guess what, my vegan darlings? There's a meatloaf-style dinner here, and you can eat it. I did, and it was carroty, savory, lots of thyme. Lovely.But I already know what I'll be ordering every time I step foot in here after a number of beers - Poutine. Because it's here, all pimento-cheese-encrusted, choice of veg or meat gravy, and good lord in heaven, it is friggin' awesome.Officially open later in the week. And forever mobbed after that.
4	I was lucky enough to be able to check The Diamond out for their soft opening last night and from what I can tell they are geared up and ready to rock Plaza Midwood's socks off.The fried pickles and burgers are just as good as (if not better than) I remembered them from around the corner. Rest assured, all your old favorites are here. But the menu also has a lot of delicious newcomers. I opted to go with the meatball parm sub. The meatballs and sauce were both nicely seasoned and the cheese was melted to stringy deliciousness on the top. Don't expect a side of fries, but hey, there are enough delicious sides available to order (ex: crab dip, pig wings, fried pickles, etc.) that you won't miss the "plate" style combination.The inside has been redesigned in a way that can only be classified as kitschy-chic. Bright blue vinyl booths (though there aren't a whole ton of them so keep wait times in mind when if you go right after they open), oversized utencil art, and vintage wallpaper all await you inside The Diamond along side a lot of familiar faces.I want to see how they run with a full crowd and sink my teeth into some more of the sizable menu before I go tossing around a fifth star, but so far it looks like The Diamond is ready to knock it out of the park!
5	There is some magic in the air about The Diamond, first of all the restaurant has been around Charlotte since 1945, it's kitchy and cozy.  The guys who took it over, polished it up without overdoing it or making it too cool for school.  It is packed tightly with tables, I don't remember it being so compact on my last visit, but it works.The powder, deep, robin's egg, Tiffany box.... blue vinyl booths give me a hard on.  I didn't know I was going to the Diamond on this sneak peek night, but Julia S. and the Mister texted me, so I headed over.  Since I wasn't hungry, I just ate a Winky Dinky dog and a shit ton of their french fries smoothered with pimento cheese and vegetarian gravy.  Jeez Louise.  I wonder what I would have consumed if I were hungry. Har, har, har.  Really, I don't even like gravy on my french fries and I could not stop eating.The Winky Dinky dog was served on a split top white bread bun, sent straight from white bread forbidden hell and it was delicious.  It really tasted like it was fried and finished on the grill, complete with the grill taste-   4th of July when you were a kid kinda taste, topped with chili and pimento cheese.  I added raw onion and yellow mustard and called it a day.I checked my Magic Eight Ball for the Diamond's future. Will The Diamond succeed?  It is decidedly so.
2	So I was in line before their official opening today for lunch.  I agree with previous reviews that the new decor is a wonderful combination of vintage kitsch.  The new space seats probably 2-3x as many as the Penguin did.  The soul of the Penguin seems to have moved here as well in the form of rockabilly and tattoos.  Even the music is everything you'd hope.Unfortunately, some of the food was not.  Although there are a number of vegetarian options, we were informed that other than stewed apples and creamed squash, ALL of the veggies contained meat products (including fried okra and pickled beets - let your brain wrap around that for a minute...).  There is no indication on the menu of what is or is not safe for vegetarians, so you have to ask the servers, which at least on the first lunch service resulted in several conflicting reports.  The vegetarian in our group planned to get a delicious veggie plate, but got the spanakopita with greek salad.  The salad was nice, but the spanakopita (which looks more like a phyllo-wrapped burrito) was too salty.  The first of the two carnivores in the group got fried chicken with fried okra and macaroni and cheese.  Although baked chicken was first brought, the fried was brought in fairly quick order and was crispy and tasty (available in quarter or half chicken sizes).  The okra was mediocre, but the mac and cheese was quite good and baked for texture.The second carnivore got the crab cakes with sweet potato fries and broccoli salad and an extra veggie plate with mac and cheese, creamed squash, fried squash, and creamed turnips (from today's specials).  The crab cakes came out first with broccoli salad and pickled beets (not sure why, although I had been warned that they didn't have the creamed turnips, and had subbed pickled beets for it).  The crab cakes were thick with crab meat, crisp, and fairly tasty, but were just two small, lonely looking lumps in the middle of a large plate without garnish or sauce or bed of lettuce.  The broccoli salad was misnamed and should be called an onion-mayonaise salad with some shredded carrots and crisp broccoli stalks.  The beets were a healthy portion of baby beets in a sweet, clovey pickling liquid with less vinegar than I expected.  After an hour and a half, the rest of the veggies still never appeared and it took the better part of another half hour to get a corrected check (our third).   We did speak with Ryan (I think) the manager, who stated that they will label the menu for vegetarians and vegans in a future iteration, but made no move to compensate the fact that not one of our orders was correct or complete.  I gave a rating based on potential, rather than today's meal, which would get one star.  We knew what we were getting ourselves in for when we went for the very first official service, but I have to admit that it was much rougher - in terms of service, food, and menu - than I had expected.  I look forward to coming back in a few weeks and seeing what they can do once they get the cobwebs out.
5	Great Food! Great Prices! Awesome service! Sweet atmosphere! A must visit!
4	The Diamond Lives![Re]Opened FridayAte on SaturdayDelicious Big Block BurgerCrispy Fried Pickles (w/o the side of fry oil you used to get)Gravy fries!Thank you. I don't really care if they cater to picky vegans or not. Welcome back, old friend!
2	Oh Diamond.  I have been waiting and waiting and waiting and, well you get the point.  The fried pickles are exactly the same as the Penguin's.  The burgers are dryer & crunchy on the outside, not as good as they used to be.  I really like the addition of the vegetables, I got mac & cheese which was good but lacked oomph & the sweet potato fries were tasty but kind of dry without something to dip them in.  I definitely want to come back (months from now when it's died down!) & try some of the greek food.  They were out of most of it when we went.  now, here is where my love for The Diamond stops.  I am not kidding when I say that it was the worst service i've ever had.  Our server was awful, it took ages to take our order & she got it wrong.  She was also sick (sneezing into her elbow, wiping her nose), pretty gross.  It took her 30 minutes after we were seated to take our order, our fried pickle appetizer took 45 minutes to appear (by then I was ready to chew my arm off!), my order was wrong & they forgot part of another order.  Cut to the end of the meal & we were informed that the internet was down & they couldn't take credit cards. We were told it would be a few minutes.  15 minutes pass, still can't pay, a new set of customers have already taken over our table and we're still waiting.  another 15-20 minutes pass and we still can't pay.  We had to send someone to the Common Market to get cash because the wait was getting ridiculous.  Our server informed us when we asked if they had any other way to take credit cards or if the manager would comp our meal for waiting 45 to pay told us we were being uncool.  They did eventually cut our bill in half.   I know The Penguin's thing was to have not so friendly waitresses, but at least they were unfriendly and efficient, she was just rude.  I really really wanted to love The Diamond, but I won't be going near it for a few months.  They have a lot of kinks to work out.
2	The Diamond may get more stars next time around, but this time I just can't do it. I ordered a chicken parm sub and was served the chicken parm pasta, no big deal. I asked them to ditch the pasta, and throw the chicken on a sub. Instead, I got a hard sub (not wheat like I had asked), pasta, and a salad. We barely had room on the table, but no one offered to take our empty plates from appetizers, I was just told to keep the extras because the boy wasn't dealing with the chef to take them back to the kitchen. The waitress was slow and dumb. That's also being nice. I'll just leave it at that because I want to be semi-nice. I'm hoping that my issues were just quirks of it being new. I'll definitely try it out again if I'm ever in the area and don't want anything else. I won't go out of my way for it ever again.
4	WHAT IS IT with some of these negative posters? We've all been waiting on this place to open for months (brought to you by the same owners and mostly the same team that you all LOVED @ the old Bird), it opens and you've given them all of a week to get the bugs ironed out before you blast them (also may I note that 90% of the pissy reviews are from females...just sayin')? Be real people; new location/new huge menu/computerized ordering vs the old paper tickets, plus trying to get a gauge on staffing/food ordering is a big deal that takes time to work out. If any of you hipsters remember the launching of the old Penguin in '00, it was much the same as this for a few weeks. If this is still happening a month or so from now, then Houston, we have a problem...Also Brian and Jimmy would like to hear about problems you have there, but going this route is the cheapshot way to do it; I'd venture to guess none of these complainers actually vented all this angst to anyone while they were actually IN THE RESTAURANT!..theres NO WAY you sit there w/o food for 75 minutes if you've contacted a manager or your server. GET REAL,FOLKS!!!!!!!!!
4	I visited the Diamond with several friends on President's Day. Needless to say, there was a long wait due to lots of people off work plus everyone wanting to see the new look. But it was worth the wait. We started off with some fried pickles and onion rings. The fp's were fantastic, while the onion rings were just so-so. They were very thick cut, and the breading was not great. For the meal, I had a Plaza pimento cheese, which was fantastic. The fries (regular, not crinkle cut) were also wonderful. Two friends ordered small block burgers are were very satisfied. I will be returning soon, as you can't beat the Diamond for great greasy food in a cool atmosphere for a low price.
3	I'm going to give Diamond three stars at this moment because my particular experience was godawful.  I should narrow it down to the fact that the server was godawful.  The food was as good as we all expected it to be and I must say that eating it was kind of like being reunited with an old lover.  The restaurant was out of three menu items by the time I arrived for dinner and, hey, while one of those items was what I wanted to eat, I can understand running out of something that is really freaking good.  The waitress informed us of the depleted items as soon as we took our menus, but it was the last thing she did right all night.  I will not fill this review with slanderous detail about how she'd disappear for inordinate amounts of time or how she failed to communicate a very important piece of information that could have saved my friends a lot of time that evening.  I will say that her poor service ruined what could have been an otherwise happy reunion with some food that I sorely missed.  I'll be back to Diamond in the very near future, as I'm sure all of the kinks will be ironed out.  I'm hoping that a new wait staff will have the raw efficiency of the old Penguin staff.  Those girls rocked!
3	I'll be back again to see how things progress at the diamond, but unfortunately my first visit wasn't super.  First, a big shout out to the decor.  They did a fantastic job with the interior.  It's perfect.And the waiter we had was very friendly and stopped by frequently.Now on to the points that need improving:-they were out of about six or seven items, including the salad dressing we wanted.  The waiter told us they run out of the house specials early, but we were there at about 8:00 p.m.- the fried pickles weren't so great.  There were two huge globbed-together mounds of them in the basket along with the loose ones.- the grilled cheese we ordered came out cold.  They cheerfully took it back and comped us the replacement.- the veg burger...  Is it the same as it was at the penguin?  This one was kind of bland and just mushy inside.  I remember liking the one at Penguin a lot more.- the salad (I know, I know, why get a salad at a place known for fried foods...) wasn't that great.  It looked like it was thrown on the plate without thought.  They would do well to jazz it up with some cheese or something (like at Pepper's in Chapel Hill, if anyone's familiar with that).They're probably still ironing out a few glitches, so I expect they'll be running smoothly in the near future, but for now, as a paying customer, I didn't feel it was all that great, and certainly not worth waiting a half hour in line.Best of luck, Diamond!  I can't wait to go back and hopefully have a five-star experience.
4	We have been here twice since they officially opened and loved it both times! The throwback decor is awesome without being too kitschy, the fried pickles are still great and the toasted subs even better.  The only thing that was even semi not the best was our waitress, but they just opened so I'm sure people will get into the groove after a bit of time. We are definitely happy the "new penguin" is finally open!
4	Great People Watching Spot, Classic Menue Items!
3	This place is good. I went there a week ago and food was good. Great atmosphere. Great decor I guess this place is a old staple in Charlotte and bene opened since 1945.  I have been back a few times after my first time..  1. Corn dogs and all hot dogs..  all KOSHER so if you dont like the taste of Kosher than you wont like thier hotdogs. I wish they would have just normal hotdogs.  2. Fried Chicken is good a litttle too greasy but good great flavor and seasoning. Mac nad cheese and Mash Potatoes I had as my sides..  MAC and cheese was dry  ont impressed but its a good solid recipe though thye just need to tweek it a little make sure they have more moisture in it. MashPotaoes were ok a little dry but the gravy made up for it. 3. Hamburgers good burgers but I hate the fact that thier buns are cold..  and not heated nor toasted it ruins the burger all together.  4. Fries are good and home made chips are good to.   Try it out  at least once support this staple and great establishment!
3	Just got back from my first visit to the Diamond. I wanted to give it a little time to "cool off" . And boy and I am glad I did. Was pretty crowded, waited about 5 min. The booths are a little tight, and i'm not that big. Maybe it was just the booth we were in. I ordered fried chicken, mac & cheese, and fries. The chicken was incredible! Very juicy, great crunchy skin, it was some of the best I have had. Mac & cheese was great too! Wife had the ham steak with apples and she loved it. My only bone to pick with this visit was our server. He just seemed like we totally ruined his afternoon by sitting down. The whole time I felt we were inconveniencing him. And i'm not talking in the "old school Penguin wait staff "rudeness""(ya know being short b/c they are busy and running around like crazy, not because they don't want to be there) But he was just miserable. I can't wait to go back, just hope I get sat in another section, or i'll end up at the bar.
4	I dare you to think about The Diamond without also thinking of The Penguin. Seriously, go on, try. You can't. The situation that went down at the end of The Penguin's last life turned into that big hubbub which rolled nicely over into hype, hope and hyperbole of how The Diamond would save us all, forever - or at least for lunch and dinner. Time passed, The Diamond doors and shutters stayed frustratingly closed even though we KNEW something was going on. I think by the time they posted on their Facebook page on Valentine's Day the hint that this would, at long last, be THE week of arrival for our blue-hued savior, the line was forming from the front doors down to Elizabeth. I was lucky enough to be one of the chosen few to attend a preview night before the opening so I could go forth and spread the word of Brian & Jimmy. We were the first in the door on Wednesday night and I got that nervous feeling like I'd had too much coffee and snuck into a movie. I ordered the legendary Full Hemi and fried pickles - is there any way to start this food affair without a burger? - and I was reasonably pleased. The burger was a bit different, most noticeably that it held together. Everything else about the food was just like I remembered The Penguin. I snuck in again on Friday on the official opening day and had an experience much like I used to get midday at that legendary dive; sitting up at the bar counter and chatting aimlessly with someone from a much different walk of life from us Plaza-Midwood hipsters while I noshed on (yes, another) burger. I caught a glimpse into the kitchen in back and made eye contact with my neighbor, one of the cooks - he gave me a perfect look of exasperation and mimed pulling out his hair. Opening day (and week, and month) at the Diamond was in no way a walk in the park.I heard and read quite a few reviews of really bad service in those first few weeks. Honestly, I'm not too surprised - the place was in such a panic in the beginning there that I'm sure the staff had absolutely no clue how to keep up. That doesn't excuse the bad service, which there probably is, but I can understand being overloaded operationally. It's rough and I really do hope that they can get it under control. There's so many new things on the menu that the staff, though experienced from the bird, has to learn how to manage a whole new level of complexity in the kitchen. They will get it, eventually. The hype didn't give them much time to get up to speed before they became The New Place To Have Lunch and Dinner for everyone.I've branched out a bit on the last few visits, and I've found many things on the menu that were decent to great. The meatloaf was okay, a little crunchy for my tastes; the sides were awesome (especially a killer mac 'n cheese) and the fries were a heck of a lot better than the Penguin's bag potatoes. See, there I go again. Talking about the Penguin. How can you not?The real "a-ha" moment I had was my visit last night with Danielle - I got a Small Block with bacon & cheese (old habits die hard) and she ended up with the Po' Greek Boy platter. My burger was the best I'd had there yet (I think they're starting to get the hang of the new recipe) and the fried pickles were exactly as crisp as I hoped for. But then I took a bite of the Po' Greek Boy and it was like a switch flipped in my head. This was an awesome new flavor to me: lamb patty with tzatziki sauce and some fixins on a bun. Maybe you have had it, but I definitely never had, and my taste buds did that little happy dance you'd see in cartoons. I suddenly could not wait to try the new ideas that Brian & Jimmy mixed up for The Diamond's menu. Service is rough right now, yeah, but this is an experienced crew that took a crummy dive and turned it into a legend. I wouldn't be surprised if we see more five-star reviews months or years down the road. So as I chewed and savored the Po' Greek Boy aftertaste, I reached my thesis statement for this review, words with which I hope you will swirl around in your mind as you contemplate The Diamond:The greatness of The Diamond lies not in the nostalgia and revival of its past; the greatness of The Diamond lies in the promise and potential of its future.So chew on that! I'll be back.
4	There has been a whole lotta buzz about the Diamond in recent weeks, hasn't there? And no, I'm not going to hash out a review about their history and challenges that resulted in the final product...y'all can research that yourself. I'm here to talk about the food! And the service :)After waiting it out a few weeks, hubs and I finally rolled into the Diamond at 6:15 pm on a Monday night in hopes of avoiding an astronomical wait. And, cha-ching! No waiting. Our server Jason got to us pretty quickly and set us up in a booth with drinks within minutes. The interior of the Diamond is really great - shiny, vinyl booths, kitschy wallpaper, sweet sized bar near the back. I really dig the color scheme - the place looks wonderful.A couple things to note...they were out of many items. I realize they are still going through some kinks and, unfortunately, it shows. The menu is quite large and I can only imagine how tough it's been to gauge inventory with long lines and a hefty menu. Since a good deal of the pent up anxiety about the Diamond revolves around the food, here's what I indulged in & how it fared:Fried pickles: 3.5/5: Tasty slices of pickle-y love & a very generous portion - even for a half size. Yes, that's $3.95 for a boatload of fried pickles. These little babies came out piping hot with a side of ranch. My only gripe? The breading was pretty plain and the ranch was fairly thin. A little spice would kick this dish right up to 5 stars for me. My meal: I chose the quarter fried chicken plate, a steal with two sides and your choice of biscuit, cornbread or yeast roll. While I was yearnin' for some cornbread, they were out of it. *cries* Oh well, I went with a biscuit, green beans and a baked sweet potato. Fried chicken: 4.5/5: This rivals my grandma's fried chicken. Crispy, hot, perfectly seasoned with just a touch of grease. Hey - it's fried chicken...a little grease is good. The meat was juicy tender and freakin' delicious. Green beans: 1/5: I barely stuffed two beans in my mouth. These tasted straight out of the can with a pound of salt added. Serves me right for ordering a non-fried veg. Baked sweet potato: 4/5: Yes. It was a baked sweet potato! No butter required. Biscuit: 3/5: A good biscuit, not a great one. I have to admit that I compared this biscuit to Dish's and it just didn't quite measure up. Nevertheless, the Diamond swings a soft biscuit and it went well with the fried bird on my plate. I vacillated between 3 & 4 stars for the Diamond, but ultimately went with 4 stars because of the value you get from the food, the fun & vibrant ambiance and overall potential. I'll be back!
5	Love it! glad to see them open and in business!!  great to for a late night!!
1	They've posted a new menu on their facebook page that clearly lists what is and isn't safe for vegetarians, so my partner and I decided to try it again, after a fairly miserable experience the first time.  Guess what?It was worse.  The menu available was the same as the first time and our server indicated that only two vegetables were safe for vegetarians, according to the cook, despite what the online menu says.  So either they are intent on lying to the vegetarians or they are going to entirely revamp their cooking when the new menu comes out.  Not pleased.I'm starting to wonder if Pinky's is the food talent and The Diamond is the interior decorating talent.
4	Being new to Charlotte, I'm not sure I fully understand the whole history of the Penguin/Diamond fiasco, so my rating is based solely upon what we ate on the night we visited.First off, the clientele is ahhh....interesting.  As we pulled up, the crowd exiting looked like they were surely leaving to get a fix somewhere.  Made me a little leary.  Then the hostess, a cute girl, had pretty much full arm sleeves on both arms.  Everyone in sight was dressed in head to toe black and clearly spent enough on tattooing to fund a small nation.  Given that we just hopped out of our minivan and had two young kids with us, I wasn't too sure.  But, the more I looked I saw a few polo shirts in the crowd, heard a few kids squawking and felt a bit at ease.  Near the end of our meal, an older couple was seated next to us looking like they had skipped the country club mixer to eat some grease at The Diamond - she even asked for the wine list (ha!) - so it's definetly an ecclectic blend.Anyway, on the good stuff.  I LOVE fried pickles.  The Diamond's pickles were awesome!!!  Lightly battered, very tangy pickles, served hot out of the fryer.  A fried pickle is all about the pickle after all, so you better use a tasty one.   The only problem is that the ranch dressing they served them with was downright NASTY!  It was way too thick - pretty much the consistency of straight mayo - with very little seasoning and lumpy.  I didn't even realize it was supposed to be ranch until my side salad arrived and I realized it matched the ranch dressing with my salad.  Ranch dressing is seriously easy to make, there is no excuse for that scary stuff.  We also ordered some hushpuppies and they were really, really good.  Probably the best I have had around here.  Nice lightly corny batter and lightly fried.  I find most places around here cook the puppies 'til they are almost black and that's not really my thing.  The menu is pretty extensive, much more so than we expected.  That almost worried me because I feel the best restaurants are those with a very clear focus.  This menu is not terribly focused.  My son ordered the homemade corndog and it was delish.  Think state fair corndog - fresh fried and yummy.  Hubs had a chili dog which was somewhat ordinary looking, but the dog itself was super tasty.  I ordered the crab cakes, which were surpisingly very crabby with not too much filler.   I was a little unsure of ordering them, but I was pleasantly surprised. I had the mac n'cheese for a side and it was very, very cheddary and rich, but good.  Our waitress was pleasant and efficient and the food arrived quickly.  No complaints AT ALL about service or wait time.  If you are looking for a break from the TGIFridays of the world, The Diamond is a good bet.  It would be a fun place to take out of town guests, etc.   We will be back.
3	I was a huge fan of the Penguin and greatly anticipated the Diamond's opening.  I read it was always slammed and the service sucked when it first opened...So I wanted to let them iron their issues out before I tried it.  I finally made my maiden voyage into their cozy booths last Friday....I had an enjoyable experience overall.  The waittress was attentive, but nothing like the overbearingly quick service at the Penguin.  I think people were knocking the service because they were so busy when it was just opening.  The food was also similar to my experiences at the Penguin.  I got the Full Blown Hemi, southern style and it was just as good as I remembered.  My girlfriend got the pork sandwich, which was good.  The gravy fries w/ Pimento lacked an ample amount of gravy, but maybe I just got a skimpy batch.  The gravy was kind of runny too, not as thick as what I was thinking it would be.  They were OK, but most food is good after a few beers in your belly.  I like how they have an expanded menu with a Greek twist and will have to try something new next time.  I'm just glad the burger still tastes similar and I can support the guys who made the Penguin what it was before the whole franchising debacle.
5	Everything that was great at the old place is still great.  Add in diner food that is PHENOMENAL and you have The Diamond.  Cannot say enough good things about this joint.
5	We were sad when the Penguin closed (changed), as we'd frequented it often over the 6 years we've lived in the neighborhood.  We had our fingers crossed that the Diamond would open before we moved out of state.  Yay!  The first few times we went by, it was way too packed to even attempt trying it out... but a few nights ago we went by on a weeknight, had only a 5 minute wait and the food was out super quickly.  I really liked their new menu additions, and the new version of their veggie burger was quite tasty... I added on the pimento cheese which was delish!  Ben was a little sad that they were out of the veggie meat loaf, so hopefully we'll get a chance to go back to try it out before we move away this week.  I loved the decor and the layout.  I like the high booths, and it wasn't so loud an echo-y... I could actually hear our conversation even though the place was packed and the jukebox was blasting :)
4	Service was great and so was the food. Unfortunately several dishes were sold out already and it was still relatively early. I would definately revisit.
4	Like a lot of reviewers, I was a big fan of The Penguin and was very excited for the opening of The Diamond.  I have eaten here about a half a dozen times and have not had a bad experience yet.  I must say, the burgers are better than the old bird and the Pig Wings are excellent.  Glad to see the Diamond open and thriving in the neighborhood.  For those of you that have been overly critical, give them some time.  As a restaurant person, opening a restaurant is not easy and involves a lot of bumps in the road.  All in all, they are doing a good job and will be my regular stop in Plaza
3	i really want to give 4 stars, but I think I'm going to have to stick with 3 for this visit... Arrived around noon- booths were full, bar was almost full, so we ended up sitting at the awkward bar to the right. I guess not really awkward for us, more for the people at the booth you end up staring down into. the decor is awesome, the staff was super nice, and all the food people were eating around us looked fantastic.I'd been dying to make it to diamond to try the pig wings, ever since that preview menu was posted it's been on my list, so obviously we ordered those. they (along with the hushpuppies) arrived within minutes of ordering, better than I had imagined. I love them. I will go back for some pork shanks in honey mustard any day of the week... but when it came to the second round of food there was an awkward lag. Don't know exactly where it went wrong, but people who sat down ten and fifteen minutes after us got their plates as we were awkwardly trying to balance fending off starvation and wanting to save a bit of the first round to eat with the rest of our food...eventually it did come. (our server was attentive during the whole time we waited, checking in constantly, just without food) When my burger (oh, how nice it was to be able to order a small block again, not that I mind ordering pterodactyls, but it felt good) finally arrived my friend's sloppy joe came out piping hot, at a ridiculously unsafe temperature. She took the bun off after her painful first bite and steam billowed up. I mean I like my food on the hotter side than the colder, but come on. (even a cautious "be careful, your sandwich filling is boiling" would have been appreciated) I shall return for the pig wings. and to try some delicious plates with fried okra because they looked amazing. and maybe just to hang out and have a few at the bar.
4	Yay! It's the Penguin 2.0! Tacky-chic decor, great beer specials, and the burgers are greasy, hot and delicious. Only thing missing are crispy tater-tots. By far, it is the best burger in the neighborhood.
3	Based on a late night visit, I was a little bummed at the Diamond. 1st off, there are only 2 vegetarian options on the late night menu! Not cool, I need options baby!I tried the pimento cheese sandwich and it was.... boring. It made me long for Pinky's immediately, and it was served on boring old toast. Give me some thick buttery texas toast and I would have been happier. My girlfriend got the black bean burger and as we expected it was great, just like it was at the old Penguin.I'll be back to try some of the specials at lunch (veggie meatloaf? yes please!), but until then this late night 3 star review stands....
4	As a longstanding lover of The Penguin (and its motley crew), I have been to Diamond several times, trying different things each time. Interestingly, though the Big Block was my favourite in the old joint, I've been unsatisfied with the new incarnation. I don't know quite where it's going wrong, but the ground beef just doesn't have that velvety, buttery texture I so love -- it's almost as though the meat is handled too much, making the texture go wrong. I've been very pleased with the hot pimento cheese dip, though (it's been a bit on the... less-than-consistent side, let's say, sometimes being a melted soup, and sometimes being mildly warmed up pimento) - I've had it several times, and each time (despite texture changes), it's been rather tasty. The first time I went, I ordered the custard pie as a dessert, and was advised (about 20 minutes later) that it was no longer on the menu - no suggestions or alternatives were offered. Luckily, that seemed to be a flukey instance, and I've had no difficulties since that trip. Of course, I also haven't bothered trying anything else from the dessert menu, once I wrapped my lips around a spoonful of their 'nanner puddin'. Why would you bother?
4	I must begin this review with an embarrassing confession:Despite the fact that I am a Charlotte native, born and bred, I have never been to the Penguin. Nor, until the visit described below, had I ever had a fried pickle.There, I said it.  The past couple years, I've kept meaning to go to the Penguin and eat fried pickles, but I've always been put off by their post-Guy-Fieri explosion of crowded-ness (If only the entire world could be post-Guy-Fieri, but that's a conversation for another day).Anyways, I digress.  This isn't a review of the Penguin: it's a review of the Diamond, another Charlotte institution that I waited far too long to visit.  After the rumpus about the Penguin's ownership settled down, I decided an outing to the Diamond was in order: it's now run by half of the Penguin's old ownership team, and I hoped the wait would be more reasonable than the Fieri-hailed restaurant mentioned above.We arrived and were seated immediately.  +1 for the Diamond.  We started with a half order of fried pickles, which was more than enough for two people and quite tasty. I am not sure I am going to make fried pickles a regular part of my diet, but I'll certainly order them again.  For my main course, I ordered the Po' Boy Greek burger.  Now this ... this was delicious.  A lamb patty stuffed with feta? Just the right amount of saltiness and tang?  If you are looking for these qualities, you must try it.  The fries were good as well.  The only small culinary disappointment was the slaw on the side, which could have used some more vinegar or spices.Our server looked like Amy Winehouse, but she was politer. The decor was 50s kitsch, which was fun.  I fully intend to return.
5	Ever since Penguingate I've been so ready for the Diamond to open.  And then it did.  And due to transportation issues, I couldn't go.  Not until last week!  Despite lots of interaction with the twitter (they #FFed me!  *tear*  true love!)  and staring moodily and jealously at my friend's frequent foursquare check-ins, i just COULD NOT manage a way to get myself in those doors.  And then I did.  I'm actually glad I wasn't able to come for so long because it seems like they're really in stride now, as opposed to the early hiccups that come from being a super-hyped, newly opened restaurant in a fiercely loyal neighborhood.  I heard about all the kinks and wrung my hands with worry...but I think we're okay now.  Immediately upon entering my friend and I were summoned to the bar for hugs...we knew literally every person sitting there, including the hostess and a few of the waiters.  It being a monday night, it wasn't super crowded and we got our table lickety-split.  Of course I had to try the small block and the fried pickles first...duh.  And they did NOT disappoint.  Everything I loved about the Bird's burger, yet somehow even better than I remembered!  Maybe it's because I chose to love them before I even tried the food, most likely it's because it's just that good.  The fried pickles were also just as I remembered them.  I can't wait to try the new stuff, now, particularly the po greek boy and the crab dip.  Also, despite hearing a lot of stories about super long waits, our orders were taken and the food was brought out super fast.  Great prices, great food, great atmosphere, great people, great location...this really deserves it's WOOHOO!  As good as it gets!  review from me.  I'll be back.  I may move in.
4	I've hesitated to write this review until I ate here at least 3 times. The first weekend they were open, I ate the Race Track Dog and fries. It was very bland and at that time they were slicing the bun down the middle so essentially it was just 2 pieces of bread on each side of the hot dog. They have since gotten normal buns. The fries were delicious but I wish they were crinkle cut.     The next time. I tried the Fried Catfish plate. Now, usually, you can't mess up something like this but the breading sure did. I don't know if they were having an off night  but the breading for the fish and the Fried Chicken was very bland. You could taste the flour in it, it's almost like they didn't flavor it enough or fry it long enough to cook it out. The hush puppies were nothing to write home about either.      The next few outings consisted of their Small block and Pig Wings ( that everyone has been raving about) .  The Burger was awesome. Plain with cheese because that's how I feel a burger should be. Just so you can taste the delicious flavor of the meat complimented with a slice of melted cheese. The Pig Wings, were what everyone claims they are...AMAZING! I LOVE any type of slow-roasted Pork and these definitely lived up to the hype. I think it has been the best addition to the repertoire of Bryan and Jimmy yet. I only wish they served a non-vinegar based BBQ sauce with it. You only have the option of Honey Mustard or the above mentioned sauce, which I've never been a fan of.      Now, I've had an obsession with plain potato chips ever since my first bag of Lay's at an early age so I'd like to consider myself knowledgeable in this area.   The Diamonds' homemade version was delicious, better than I've ever made at home that's for sure.      I'd give this place 5 stars on atmosphere and drink specials alone but the not so great experiences with the food knocked it down to 4.             For a hangout spot, I believe it will be just as great as what the Penguin was, especially late night. It already is for me. Who can beat High Life Pitchers?? They'll be getting my money every week from here on out.
3	Is it the Penguin?  Is it Pinky's?  No.  It is most definitely the Diamond.  But just what does that mean?  It means exactly jack.If you have been to the original Penguin, then you will find the menu incredibly familiar, yet irritatingly different at the same time.  The friendly favorites are there, but newcomers also adorn the folds - and there are folds, no more simple two-pager here.Some of those newcomers, like the fries with gravy and pimento cheese - are simply awesome.  I am just about drooling while writing.  Others, even some of the original Penguin items, are simply so-so.  But that could also be a simple matter of comparison - while somewhat funky, it is never going to be the same.  Get over it.The place is cool, and if you hit it right, you either wait or you get seated immediately: Much like the original bird (well, the remade bird).  Ultimately, you are best off going and enjoying it for what it is, not for what it was.
4	Chill atmosphere, decent vegan options and moderate prices; why did it take me so long to visit?The Diamond has lots of local drama drama in how it came to be (and how The Penguin came to suck). For more reading! Look at others' reviews or google it.Now to focus on the place itself: comfy booths, dim lighting, and very popular to the alternative-sort of people without Charlotte. This place is one of the Must-Go's in Plaza Midwood.The food is as diner traditional as they can get (while still adding a modern flourish). I have the Jumbo Soy Dog which came with meatless chili, mustard, onions and coleslaw on it. I was pretty impressed and quite happy.Even though much of the menu is barred off to do due to my veganism and hatred of greasy food, I'll definitely be back!
4	Winky Dinky Dog....check. Fried pickles...check. Good beer on tap....check. All the things I remembered plus kitchen utensils on the wallpaper in baby blue. What more could a girl ask for?!? Seriously though, the menu features all the old faces and has also expanded considerably to feature daily specials and a lengthy list of new veggies and sides. I went at 11 pm and stuck with my aforementioned favorites, so I didn't try any, but my hubby had a ribeye (since it was his burfday and all) and it was unexpectedly delicious. This place rocks, but for all the haters, tell your friends and stay away, so me and all the other people that adore it can get seated faster! :)
2	Not impressed.  Everyone that works here is too cool for school and the burger was very underwhelming.  I was very disappointed with my experience.  Being a native Atlantan, I couldn't care less about this whole Penguin feud thing (see other hate filled reviews by locals).  But I thoroughly enjoyed the Penguin and was told by EVERYONE that the Diamond was way better.  Now I'm pretty sure that it was politics talking.  Maybe this place is just banking on the local support and not taking anytime to ensure the quality of their food & service.  Due to the controversy and publicity,  people are going to pile in in droves no matter how many reviews like this are written, I just hope they don't have the expectations I did.  If you are visiting Charlotte and have to choose just one diner, The Penguin would be your best choice.  Don't concern yourself with all the local drama nonsense, just eat a delicious burger.
5	Tried this place with friends the other night.  There was a bit of a wait, but man it was worth it.  The timing worked out great since my friends were running a tad late.  They got there just in time to sit down.  The service was friendly and the food definitely blew me away.I've seen this place before, but haven't tried it until now.  Looks like they have re-done the inside at some point and the outside porch awning was brand spanking new... and there were some construction contractors on the  top roof unloading materials when we arrived.Anyways... onto the food!  The menu definitely have some unique things going for it.  I ended up choosing a vegetarian dish:  Meatless Loaf and Soy Milk Mash.... came with 2 sides of which I chose the sweet potato fries and hush puppies....  After I ordered, I realized I could have gotten more veggies, but I was happy with what I got.  The loaf was amazing... we sat there trying to figure out what was in it... but man, I could have sworn there was some sort of meat in there.I did order the pig wings for the table, which were AMAZING... our server said it comes with (5) pig wings, but we ended up getting (6)... I guess the extra wink I gave to our waiter paid off (or probably not).Definitely will come back to try their other menu items.  But I'm considering the Diamond a very bright spot for the Charlotte food scene.
4	Since moving to Charlotte and getting going on my Yelp! Charlotte reviews, I've heard a lot of Diamond-Penguin-Penguin-Diamond banter. All I know is the food served at Diamond is pretty good.  My complete and absolute poverty (no jobs in charlotte apparently), usually  prevents me from eating out much, but with my brother in town I figured I'd give Diamond a try.  He loves diners, and we both like some some random hipster/scenester/whatever local spots.  Food and service were both excellent.  My brother's $10 chicken parm was good and enough to feed an army.  My pimiento (sorry, gotta spell it 'right') cheese sandwich was also quite delicious.  A $5 pitcher of shocktop, that worked out to 4 full pint glasses, washed it all down.  Some of the prices are quite reasonable, although I felt that my cheese sandwich was a little high at $5.  Alcoholic beverages are basically at wholesale price.
5	I have to say after my last few visits I believe the Diamond has finally hit its stride. The expectations set months before they even opened were never going to be met during the opening nights, or weeks, but I think it has finally earned all 5 stars in my book.The Diamond has been putting out consistently good food, the expected amount of service, and a nice atmosphere. I may only eat about a third of the items on the menu (so far, there's always time to branch out later) - but they're awesome. And most importantly - do I think they could do anything to improve my staples? Nope, I love them just the way they are. Service ranges from amazing to par, but I never find myself searching for my server. Food usually arrives after a minimal wait (especially if you throw your app order in before your main course - and seriously, get the pig wings), waters are filled (or you're asked if you'd like it filled) when around 1/3 is left, you're checked on just often enough, and the overlapping of servers and runners gives you speedy service and the ability to get in and out as quickly (or as slowly, sometimes the booths and conversation just suck you in) as you'd like. No, it's not a 5star mind-blowing taste explosion, it's a 5star you just walked in the door from a crappy day at school and you can smell your mom's making your favorite dish for dinner. It's comfort food, and it's done right. (without the mandatory glass of milk or cleaning your plate before dessert)
5	Alright, maybe I wasn't fair in giving 4 stars last time. I have too many 5 star reviews and have been trying to equalize. But Diamond is pretty f'in sweet.  We went again for some late night drinks.  My GF didn't bring her ID (passport) so we couldn't get into any of the bars we went to.  But $1.50 Rolling Rock Tall boys and $5 shocktop pitchers paired with homemade chips and vidalia onion sauce was enough to satisfy us that night.  My brother and GF got salads which they both really enjoyed.  When my chips ran out of dip, the server gladly offered, on her own initiative, to get us another one.  All-in-all a fun time.  Still wish some food prices were just a bit lower, but the drinks are priced exceptionally well.
4	The full blown Hemi southern style with chili was really good but I have to say the triple burgers were a little over cooked.  Don't get me wrong, I like my hamburger done but when its over cooked it gets dry and that was the case here the other night.  Still pretty tasty when you're half buzzed!The fried picks were tasty as usual and I was very surprised at how good the hushpuppies were.  They were a favorite at our table.  I also had a bite of a corn dog that was really good.  They use their own batter for the corn dogs instead of the generic frozen stuff.
3	First real attempt to eat here was this past weekend... late Saturday early Sunday but was disappointedly told that they don't serve food after midnight (when half the car was highly intoxicated and seriously needed some food) :(  Finally I went there last night for dinner, and my conclusion is a-ok.I guess the madness of Diamond Restaurant has somewhat slowed down a little since there was only a 20 minutes wait... but we opted to sit at the bar instead which didn't have a wait.  I remember eating at the old Diamond before, and the space was tight then, and it only got tighter now after squeezing in that bar.  It's definitely a retro feel with the booths and neon wall light... and brighter than what I remember Penguin ever was.  The menu is a mix bag of diner & burger joint items with a dash of fish camp.  Sadly nothing jumped out too much and I ended up staring at it for a little before making my decision.  Luckily there's a bar, which had $1.50 Shocktop (sorry buddy, no orange slice for me) & Rolling Rock and $2 mexican beer.  I finally ordered the Fried Oysters Platter and my friend got the Pimento Cheese sandwich with a side of Fried Okra.  I have to say all the fried foods were golden crispy (except the fries...).  My plate was HUGE, for $9 I think I got more than I would have at a seafood restaurant.  I did have to use salt and pepper to season it a little.  Hush puppies were the best thing on the plate; moist in the middle, just enough taste!  The Pimento Cheese sandwich was heart attack inducing... it's like a mad daddy grilled cheese 2.0, things were just goo-ing out of the bread.  All in all, it was an ok experience.  Sitting where we were, we got to see food coming out of the kitchen, and I think I'll try their veggies next (cream squash, mac & cheese, and collard greens sound great).  The chicken salad sandwich is impossibly huge... and the BBQ fried chicken looks interesting.  So, definitely a next time, and I'm hoping Diamond will be better than what Penguin was for me... I always thought Penguin was a bit overrated (oh yeah I said it!)
4	I just went to the Diamond again and after that visit I'm happy to tack on another star.Went with a few friends around 11:30pm on a recent Friday and fortunately, we got a table without waiting.  I ordered the veggie burger which was a disaster last time, but this time it came out nice.  Hot and delicious.  The fried pickles were delivered in less of a clumped up fashion, and all my friends enjoyed their meals.The pickles took forever to come out, but the waiter happily comped them.  That's how you keep people coming back...Anyway, all the food came out hot and tasty.  Not much more you could ask from a diner.  Nice work.  Carry on.
5	In short: Get the Salmon BLT. While I've been here multiple times since it opened, I've been holding off reviewing, mostly because of the politics. I didn't want my review to be just another FIGHT THE MAN, SUPPORT LOCAL BURGERS kind of thing (even though I do believe that.) I really did want to keep it about the food, so I waited til I had an experience that blew me out of the water before I spoke up. That happened last night. First of all, I love how you can barrel up to the bar and instantly strike up a conversation with strangers. I was filled in on the woman to my left's bad date before my Shock Top even hit the bar, while the man on our right offered to buy us both dinner (on someone else's credit card.) I wavered back and forth on a few options, but I made a decision awhile ago that I wanted to try all the new things on the menu before I started repeating, so new things it was. Guys. Salmon BLT. Giant piece of salmon, covered in some type of magical sweet spicy tangy mayo sauce that drips down your hands, on top of the normal BLT and also baby spinach. (Wait, was there even lettuce on it? I don't remember, it doesn't matter.) It comes with fries and slaw but it doesn't need to- it's a giant. It elicited a "Whoa!" and an "Excuse me while I stare at your food" from my new friends on either side of me. All in all, a fantastic experience- excellent food, good conversation with fellow customers and staff, and I kind of want to order a bucket of that sauce to eat with a spoon.
4	i had the salmon patties here. they were pretty good. I really liked the vibe of the restaurant - very unique.
3	I've now tried The Diamond twice since it's reopening and I'm done. If the food is good, then I'll ignore the parking situation and the wait to get in, but it's not. I've had the patty melt which had no flavor and the prime rib sandwich. They asked how I wanted it cooked but the meat was so thin and tough you couldn't tell anything about it. I had to add A1 to get any flavor. It's served on a regular hamburger bun that fell apart with the toughness of the meat. The fries were nothing to write home about. My friend had the veggie burger which was inedible due to the seasoning. The soydog was served in the stupid paper cups that will tilt over and drop your dog on the table at ease.  The servers are friendly and the remodel is enjoyable but the food needs work.
4	I don't know about all the drama business that happened here but I do know that they serve delicious food! It wasn't very busy when we went here after grabbing libations at Common Market nearby and were seated promptly by a friendly waiter.We decided to share a whole order of fried pickles and it came out hot, crunchy, and absolutely delicious! There was way more than I expected though, in the future a half order will probably be more than enough for sharing. Then came the salt and pepper catfish with fries, hushpuppies, and an interesting vinegar coleslaw. I'm not usually a big fan of catfish so I don't know why I ordered it but the batter was crispy and flavorful and pretty satisfying. The fries were crispy, and hot, in the words of Tonya P. I would rate them as French Fry Barometer: Hot! Vinegar coleslaw I have never tried before and it was yummy! I think I might even prefer it to regular coleslaw!This is a great neighborhood place, and located in a fun section of town. I just wish it was closer to where I lived but then again that's probably a good thing since I might become fat living near here.
4	I didn't think I would be able to enjoy myself at The Diamond considering it's right in the heart of the hispter hub in Charlotte but I went, I ate and I will go back. Overlooking just a couple things that I will get to later, I'll say the food was dynamite!My only woes were the cornbread, the mac and cheese which was more mac than cheese and the noise but then again, hipster head quarters is right down the street. Our waiters shirt was about 4 sizes to small and I'd say facial hair is faux pa because they could easily fall into the food. The mac and cheese needs serious improvement as the noodles with sticky and the cheese was was, well, where was the cheese? Not much in it at all. Someone needs to get this place a corn bread recipe or learn to store cornbread so it stays soft. The Meatless Loaf with Mashed Potatoes was knee buckling and the creamed squash was absolutely heavenly, which was unexpected.Once again, My guy had the Veggie Black Bean Burger and it was huge, tasty and  very satisfying. The flavor was unbelievable and the price, very acceptable and the warm, soft bun was appreciated. Most places the bun is cold and stiff. One con only was there was no pickle on the side and that's a diner must have! I can not stress how much I was impressed by the Meatless Loaf though. The portions for the price with down right generous and I could not finish my plate and I wanted to and had to force myself to stop eating! 5 dollar pitchers of Shock Top was completely acceptable too.
2	Was not impressed.The ambiance was extremely poor, the a/c was apparently broken, and the food not impressive.While this may be a local legend it was underwhelming. Perhaps it will be better next time.
5	I decided that i was Team Diamond in the whole Penguin vs Diamond debate even before it had opened (principles people...) the first time i went, the power was out. The manager ran outside to greet us at the car, explained the situation, apologized profusely, suggested other places to eat in the area. We let him know we were ONLY there for them and would come back. We did, and I knew the true test was to go for my old standby, the Winky Dinky Dog and sweet potato fries. They were better than they have ever been. I was thrilled. I like the setting much better than the Penguin, and we didn't have to wait (we normally waited 30 minutes at Penguin... at least!) i plan on going back often. It was wonderful
3	Finally had a chance to grub on one of Charlotte's staple dives.  I must say it was "fine".  Not great,  not bad just fine.  I ordered the Diamond Boy and it was pretty good but I think using a hamburger bun in lieu of a Texas toast style bread is a mistake.  It's basically a swiss/mushroom patty melt.  It was good, no doubt.  I ended up getting the cole slaw side and it was a bit too vinegar based for my taste.  Cool recommendation from our waiter were the "Pig Wings".  The saying "when pigs fly" comes to mind, well apparently this place is keeping that from happening because they are serving them up chicken wing style as an appetizer.  They were actually really good and I would certainly order it again.  My girlfriend and I were here with a few friends late night dining and the place was packed so the food came out pretty slow but nothing to get upset about really.  Super nice waiter was at the table checking on us frequently but not overboard annoyingly as can happen sometimes.Diamond Restaurant is just that a diamond in the rough IMO.
5	Finally I got to say the words 'small block all the way with cheese please' and be satisfied completely again....sigh....it is as if the whole Penguin ownership fighting disaster was just a bad dream.  I didn't try the fried pickles to see if they were up to par like the old Penguin but the burger was DEFINITELY deja vu.  The inside of the restaurant is bigger than I thought it would be and the vibe similar if not the same.  Love you Diamond!  You will be my Charlotte staple for many happy small block years to come....
4	So, if the same owners own Soul, what's not to love?! :)Well, I LOOOOVE this classic diner. I was so happy when it was bought & re-opened.Yes it's small & yes, generally there's a wait, but it's oh so worth it. The inside is retro & thanks to the creative Scott Weaver, the wallpaper is something I want in my own home!  It's pretty loud, between the small area, jukebox playing & the patrons.My go to entree is the salmon patties, mac n cheese & fried okra or the greens. The salmon cakes have dill in them, which I LOVE. The sweet tea is the bomb.com!  I've also had the fried catfish & coleslaw, which is reminicsent of southern "fish camps". I need to go back more & try more of the menu items, since there's so many choices.
2	I hate to be the bad news bear, but 3rd visit last night for dinner, and the food & service were both not the best.  I had the 3 veggies plate with mac & cheese, collard greens, and cream squash.  I also had a few bites of the fried pickles.  Fried pickles were good.  Mac & cheese was moist and cheesy and acceptable.  Collard greens was under cooked in my opinion and I have had better home cooked greens than that.  Cream squash was OMG kinda not good.  It was so watery, for a moment I thought I had ordered cream OF squash soup.  Waitress wasn't too friendly at all.  I doubt it's a surprise that it's going to be busy at dinner time, so why not put that frowny face away and put a freaking smile on!Seriously, I'm getting tired of all the hypes floating around town about these hip new places.  So far I've been disappointed by most of them.
5	This is an awesome restaurant. The Food is great and the prices are good too. Two people can get app, two meals and two strong drinks a piece for around $40. Love the pig wings and the fact that they have fired bologna sandwich.
2	Went here after the recent Steelers/Panthers game. Was surprised to see that there wasn't a wait at all. We were escorted directly to a comfty booth.  The place was nice and cool and had the end of the Panthers game on tv.Shortly after being seated, a gentleman promptly came and took our food and drink orders.  Shortly thereafter, our drinks arrived and we placed our orders.  I ordered the "Diamond Dog" and a "Small bloc" all-the-way with pepper-jack cheese.  My girlfriend ordered a side salad and the spaghetti (which I would have never ordered by the way...I mean its not like we were at Mamma Ricattas!).The salad arrived almost immediately.  As for the rest of our order, well lets just say, if we would have held our breaths while waiting for our order, our bodies would've decayed and turned back to ashes and dirt.  It def didn't seem crowded, and they certainly seemed to have plenty of staffing on hand.  So its anyone's guess as to what was going on back there...??WHEN the food finally arrived, myself and the four other people I was with, were less than satisfied.  My girlfriend was disappointed with her spaghetti.  She said it didn't have any real flavor, was bland and a bit runny; yuck!  I can't say as the burger was THAT bad.  The pepper-jack cheese added a nice touch.  As for the hot dog , well it was a hot dog.  It was good, not great.  It was about what I would've EXPECTED it to be, but not what I would've HOPED it would be.    I am not gonna get into whether the Diamond is better than the Penguin or not, because to be honest, I've had less than steller experiences there as well.  Everything about this place is average to me.  Our waiter was a nice bro, but our food took forever to arrive.  My food was decent, but my gf hated her food.Go here once, just to see what the hype is all about, then go explore the many other options in the area.
2	"Won't get fooled again!!!" I had been prior to the change, and now after---and this place still has a long way to go. If you're looking for Penguin 2.0, don't be fooled. The menu items are similar, the classic favorites are there (Big Bloc burgers, Pimento cheese, fried pickles, etc.), although I feel the attention to detail isn't quite taken as seriously. Sanitation score could use an upgrade as well....91.5? That's pretty borderline.I feel like they're still struggling to find their identity as well. Let the penguin be the penguin and keep their own menu, you guys should just do the blue plate thing, and do it better than anyone else; you're sort of half in-half out with both concepts. Also there were like 20 biker guys/gals out front when we came in (mind you it was around midnight) that were a little sketchy; they didn't really seem to be eating/drinking, more just loitering. I don't have anything against the bike crowd, but it caused the entrance to be a little awkward and uninviting. I might give it another shot, but this time wasn't that great, sorry guys.
4	I came here after a show to have some grub! We got in at 11:55pm - just 5 minutes before the kitchen closed. I got the double burger southern style and my friend got the pimento cheese sandwich with onion rings. Man it was all GREAT. The food is 5 star grub food but the inside is 3 stars only (floors are kind of slippery with grease). Still an overall 4 star rating - the server rocked it!! I WILL BE BACK!
5	simply if you dont like the people or area dont go end of story. Less of a wait for my big block. Im so glad that they didn't let the whole thing over at the penguin destroy a great bunch of cooks and owners. I really love the food and used to be a fan of the penguin which went all the way down after they left. Diamond all the way
4	LOVE the pig wings! i could drink the sauce that comes with them!
4	What is there to say really?  Good food, really cheap prices, great service, fun atmosphere.Would I wait an hour for a seat?  Probably not.  But I would definitely go here a couple times a month.I don't recommend it for groups over 4 people.... but we really enjoyed ourselves the last time we went.  There are lots of options to choose from and the wait staff is friendly.This place get's an A.  It's not trying to be anything other than what it is and you've got to respect that!
4	Small diner that can get pretty crowded but with good, cheap grub and $5 pitchers it can't be beat.  They have lots of options aside from the classic diner fare.  I highly recommend their meatless loaf with soy mashed potatoes.  It's a huge, delicious vegan fest that is more than one person can devour in  a single sitting.
4	Good food and great prices.  Can't beat $5 shock top pitchers.  Pimento cheese sandwich is awesome and can't go wrong with the burgers...big block southern style!
5	If your ever in Charlotte come here its an institute and they have PORK WINGS.
4	My boyfriend and I went over to the Diamond since both of us have yet to try it. We had zero wait although the place was somewhat packed even at 7:30 on a Tuesday. We started with pickle chips which were sliced a bit thicker than I remember at the Old Penguin- but the taste of the ranch and batter was the same. The 1/2 serving was huge- so share!For my meal I went with the Greek Po'boy which was a lamb burger, feta, and tzatziki with french fries, slaw and a pickle.  I found it odd that the po-boy was more of a burger, it wasn't served on a hoagie although it was awesome taste-wise!  He had the Southern Style burger with fries. He enjoyed his as well although one order of fries could easily have sufficed for us both! I  do think service was a bit on the slow-side although our server was busy. I ordered an extra side of tzatziki and had to remind her about it because I was already half-way finished with my sandwich. I was pleasantly surprised that I wasn't charged extra for it though. Overall the Diamond is a solid place for a meal! ( just an fyi They also have veg-friendly options)
5	I just moved back to Charlotte last month & wanted to hit up an old haunt of mine- the Penguin.  Now, I know what everyone is thinking & yes, I was that clueless.  Thank goodness there was a couple walking down the street as I was getting out of the car that caught me up to speed on everything.  So, my son & I headed around the block to the Diamond and BOY are we glad we did!  I love the new menu which managed to incorporate all the old favorites- sweet potato fries, fried pickles, $5 pitchers of beer- along with an expanded selection (especially for vegetarians).  The first time we visited, my son got a corn dog & I got the meatless meatloaf & omg, you HAVE to put this in your mouth!!  Delicious!  Even the five year old ate a few forkfuls.  The two of us also spit an order of gravy fries (there were a ton of leftovers, too).I went back a few weeks later with a girlfriend & we were feeling a need to indulge in bar food.  Ended up ordering both gravy fries & sweet potato fries, a regular hot dog & a jumbo soy dog.  They were just what we were wanting!!  Along with the fact that our eyes were larger than our stomachs, the large portion sizes assured us that we left with two boxes of leftovers!
4	A local little gem that must be visited if you like a good burger accompanied by choice of classic southern dishes.  BUT the thing I had never had and was skeptical about were the fried pickles. Apparently they are famous for them and I must say, I was surprised at how good they were. Shared a "small" basket with my friend and it was plenty... but be warned.... if you like pickles, its one of those things you can't stop eating til the last one has been devoured!  My cheeseburger tasted just like I had made it on my own grill, so it was pretty good!  I would go back and try some of the other things, AND get the fried pickles!
3	While visiting some friends in Charlotte, they took us to this cool local spot.  The clientele and staff are very interesting here as almost everyone was heavily tatted up including some dudes with heavily tattooed faces.  Definitely added to the charm of the Diamond.The fare here ranges from southern classics like pulled pork, Virginia Ham, and fried catfish to diner classics like dogs & burgers to Greek gyros to Italian chicken parm.I decided on a small bloc burger "southern style" which had chili, mustard, and onions, and slaw on top.  The burger wasn't bad, but was a good value at $3.95.  The wife had the Gyro which wasn't bad either.  Our friend had the Salmon BLT and it was probably the best meal of the bunch.I would have preferred if they had a little more focused menu with a little better food, but it's still a cool spot to check out if you're in Charlotte.
4	A bar, late night food/breakfast food, and... a bar?! I went to this place to eat with a friend around 9PM and well it was busy. It was a little bit noisy, but at the same time I could hear everything my friend was saying. This restaurant settled in the midwood-plaza area was a neat place, I've heard many of my friends say to go here and eat because they had some good food. I had a single burger and I had the chili option added onto it. I don't remember exactly what the burger name was called but was it good. I suggest to just try everything if you decide to come here. Have a beer, kick back, eat some food and people watch. It's in a very interesting area of the city, and I honestly feel that this is the true Art District of Charlotte instead of the fake NODA. Anyways, the restaurant has a nice hip feel and makes anyone feel young again. Great food, have a drink while being there, and have fun.
3	the atmosphere, homemade vegetables, and drink specials sealed the deal for me.the cornbread not so much, could use some more salt and flavor.
1	I heard this place made a good burger, so I stopped by and ordered one.The patty was tough, and had a few chunks of cartilage in it.   It reminded me of a terrible burger I got at Roy Rogers once when I was little, which had prompted me to ask my father if it was made from horse meat.Go to Five Guys.
4	The Diamond is an eclectic joint, that's for sure. Scanning the denizens late on a Tuesday night there were a couple hipsters, a biker or two, a yuppie scattered in for good luck and me and my friend who *surely* don't fit into any stereotypes. ;-)At any rate, while we would have liked to order some downhome veggies, it was sadly after 9pm. Our server was pleasant, attentive and had a sweet Charlotte Hornets jacket.We settled in for a round of onion rings to start off. They were piping hot and not overly breaded. I love getting more onion than bread, myself.Afterwards I ordered a black bean burger and potato salad. The burger was absolutely delicious, but almost too big to fit in my mouth. Lots of flavor packed into it and somehow a non-mealy tomato in December. The potato salad was fairly standard, not overly mayo'ed and better with pepper. I had a beer from Mecklenburg Brewery that was on special that evening and washed things down pleasantly. My friend ordered a corn dog and hush puppies. She seemed thrilled about both additions to her meal. The Sundrop in a glass bottle seemed to accent it wonderfully.I'd definitely go back to try their veggies and fried pickles another day.
4	How Embarrassing that I have lived in Charlotte since 2003 and last week was my first time ever eating at the Diamond Restaurant!Fried Pickle Chips came out and I asked our waiter "is that Half an order'"?  He said "Everything here is served in generous portions"!  They were very good!  Super greasy so be sure you can stray from your diet for one meal!  I am!   Spaghetti with Meat sauce was very good, great price for the huge portion.  My only criticism was they added Parmesan Cheese to it and it is hard to remove it once it is there!Fried Pork Chops tasted good and the Banana Pudding was very good!  The "Slaw" was very good, like a Cabbage Salad with YAY! No Mayo... YAY!I want that T-shirt and I like a Challenge so I'll probably be back for the  Midwood Challenge (a sandwich on the menu) and I'm sure I'll be back for other food!
5	Best fried pickles on this planet! I was in Charlotte visiting family and rumor was that The Diamond was the spot! We headed over and ordered the fried pickles...omg it was like pickles married fries and divorced the potato! They were orgasmically delicious. I also ordered the double bloc southern style which was delicious the burger itself had great flavor but the slaw and chili took it to the next level for me. Can't wait to go back!
4	Tried this place recently for lunch was pleasantly surprised.  The place was packed, and parking was a bit tricky, but was able to get a table pretty quickly.  Typical dive-type establishment...had some 50's music jamming on the radio (which was kind of cool).  The food was pretty good.  I tried the Lamb Burger, and was really happy with that selection.  My wife tried one of the Hot Dogs that was smothered in Chili and Pimento Cheese, which she said was really good.  I do admit that even as good as my lamb burger was, I did have a bit of food envy once taking a look at the Hot Dog smothered in goodness right across from me.Would definitely go back to this place.
2	I am convinced with the mediocre food and service that this place is one of those places people say is amazing so they will appear cool.  I have been 3 times and have been let down 3 times.  My hotdog had a cool center.  Really?  If the server actually brings the entire tables food without forgetting someone, it would be an accomplishment.  If you want to be seen in a neo-hipster setting then this is your place.  Not sure if food is the real destination.
3	Fine...for what it is. A novelty hangout.
4	Love this place!Pros: decor is great, vegetarian friendly, big menu, fairly quick service, full bar, comfort foodCons: usually a wait on the weekends, WAY TOO LOUD, veggie meatloaf is a no-goFood recommendations: soy dog, fried okra, sweet potatoes fries, fried pickles, mac n cheese, veggie burger
5	Great food. Great drinks. Great everything. Love this place.
5	I love everything about this place. Know the food good when you get to your car and you undo your pants and want to take a nap. Try everything
4	Once I finally found a parking place I really enjoyed both the atmosphere and food at the Diamond. Our waitress was really nice and definitely helped calm our eagerness for a full order of fried pickles (a half order was more than enough to satisfy this craving). My girlfriend really enjoyed the black bean veggie burger while I scarfed down the bloc burger... Maybe one day I'll save room for dessert. For a burger joint I love it.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte, although I don't get there as often as I would like. My favorite is the steak sandwich and substitute fries (which are good, I just steal someone else's) with mac & cheese. The service is great, and also they serve Cheerwine and RC Cola in glass bottles. SO GOOD! I will return, hopefully soon.
5	the best BBQ in town!
5	I'm not sure what took me so long to go into this place, but I'm glad I did. I started off with their fried pickles. This was my first time ever having fried pickles and I am a convert, although I wish I had saved a little more room for the black bean burger and sweet potato fries that came next. Service was fast, quick, and spot on. I have been back since and will definitely be back again.
5	love this place
5	The pig wings are awesome! The food was tasty and the service great on a Friday night. The server recommended a super local beer that added to the experience. Will be coming back for more!
4	We FINALLY went to The Diamond this past weekend.  There are three main components that make up a great restaurant; the service, the time it takes to get the food and THE FOOD.  The Diamond gets a gold star for all three.  The staff is friendly, the wait for your food is minimal and the meals taste fresh.  I got the grilled chicken with onions and peppers-- it came with two sides AND cornbread (biscuit or roll) all for under 10 bucks.  I took home half the meal.  If you get an entree-- split it.My husband and mom-in-law got the burgers and loved them.  For sides:  We tried the sweet potatoes fries, green beans, broccoli salad and vinegar slaw.The only misses in this experience:  The green beans are definitely canned, so get something else as a side and the cornbread was hard and dry.  But other than that,  we thoroughly enjoyed out experience.Would def recommend!
5	Great and fast service, excellent beef tips and fried pickles!
4	After a (somewhat) rough start, The Diamond is firing on all cylinders! On my first few visits, the place was insanely crowded and I got used to hearing "sorry, we're out of that" when I placed an order. But those gremlins have been exorcised. Although it's still a busy place, the initial "OMG! 45 Minute wait" crowds have gone, and the kitchen has hit its groove. The fried pickles are STILL the best in town, and I've been happy with everything I've ever gotten here (although I still haven't tried the fried chicken yet!). The burgers are massive and cooked perfectly, although I *wish* they'd get rid of the "All the Way" and "Southern Style" options and just offer the toppings a la carte (you *can* order a burger with whatever toppings you wish; the menu just makes it look like you can only get them two ways). The pork chops are excellent, and the hamburger steak was everything you could ask for. Service is fast and efficient, and they've finally started their "late night" menu, which is a stripped down version of the main menu, heavy on the breakfast options. On Thursday - Saturday they're open until 4am for your late night food jones!
5	We keep coming back here, time and again, even though we live in South Charlotte now.  Consistently great food, service and atmosphere not to mention great prices.  One of our favorite places to eat.
4	The Diamond is a throw back gem to a dinner with some vegitarian additions.  It's a popular with the tattoed crowd, and you will see lots of interesting tatoos, as well a a mixture of old timers.  A real generation briding kind of place.  Fried pickles are awesome.  Meatloaf is great.  Get the homemade potatoe chips, and ask for some blue cheese to top them off.  Bar-b-que sandwich is always good.  Great atmosphere, jukebox, and a great place to crowd watch.  Also has a lunch/bar counter.  The wait staff is eclectic. Atmosphere is relaxed but still efficient.
3	I'd heard kind of a lot about this place and since yesterday was national fried chicken day (for some reason) we figured it was time to check it out.  My opinion is a resounding meh, if meh ever really resounds. Anyways, the chicken was a little bland and the white meat portion was pretty dried out. My collard greens were ok but my biscuit, cornbread, and hush puppies were all sort of unimpressive.The fried pickles are good but if you can't fry up a pickle you probably need to start a different business.Also, unrelated to restaurant but on the way in a dude smoking a cigarette said "konichiwa" to me and my friends who were also asian, though none of us are japanese, and still even if we were... Seriously man? Seriously?
2	Neat place, decore retro but a bit dusty.  Service was fast but not overly friendly.  There were 2 of us, one had the fried bologna which could have been better.  The meat was thin cut and not high quality.  Tasted like the standard multi meat bland loaf that is cheap.  Friend had double burger which was good.  Plan to split an order of fries, one order is huge.  All in all not bad but could use some polishing (and dusting (esp the retro lamp in the center of the ceiling)
1	I've gone to the Diamond an many occasions, and it has always been spotty.  One visit terrible, one visit pretty good, but never great.  After my visit this past weekend, I guess I'm calling it quits.  The bottom line is that it's not worth going to a place when the odds are the service and food will sorely disappoint.  We had two people visiting from out of town, and forgot Dish was closed, so we figured "hey, the Diamond wasn't too bad last time, let's go there."  Luckily, there was no wait, the four of us sat down, asked what the specials were and it turned out they were out of the specials.  Two of us then ordered the black bean burger.  They were out of that too.  We got some other stuff, and a starter of fried pickles, which were okay.  My friend asked the waiter if the tomatoes were fresh, because she was thinking about a BLT.  The waiter seemed offended and gave a dismissive,  "yes."  Then we waited and waited for the food.  It took way too long to come out.We finally got our dishes.  I was okay with mine, but everyone else was very disappointed.  It was as if Diamond shops for the absolute bottom-rung ingredients.    If you put a salad on a menu, it should be at least somewhat appetizing.  The small block burger was a sad, ugly  thing.  The tomatoes were hard and without much flavor.  One person at our table referred to the general quality of the food as "disgusting."  I was embarrassed to have brought friends there.The take-away lesson here is that it's great to be a local institution.  It's great to have cool decor and a loyal clientele.  But if you're a restaurant, it's still all about the food for most of your patrons.  You need to have quality food.  And don't think you can get away with serving mediocre grub just because you call yourself a diner.  Especially when you're charging $9 or more for some plates.  A lot of real diners serve superior food at half the price.So the Diamond is still a great place to get a drink, but they've got to overhaul nearly everything when it comes to their food.
2	After  reading the Yelp reviews, I went to Diamond around 3pm in the afternoon for a "snack". They had a surprisingly sophisticated drink menu so I ordered a bloody mary made with their house mix, absolut vodka and topped with pickled vegetables.  As I am watching the bartender make the bloody mary, she puts the cheapest vodka in the glass and then precedes to pour a mix over it which had a terrible color!  I love a good bloody mary.  This bloody mary was no bueno - cheap vodka, crappy mix and no pickled vegetables.  On to the food - I ordered wings and fried pickles.  The fried pickles were good - the wings were not.  They were chewy, not spicy and dry.  Fast forward 3 hour and I feel terrible - in fact, I am in and out of the bathroom for a good 2 hours.  NEVER AGAIN.  If you're looking for good, cheap, greasy food try Pinky's!
2	Very disappointed in my last two trips to the Diamond. The three of us tried to order, they were out of our entree choices. Waiter left, we thought to double check, and come back and take our order. However he left and was gone for quite a while and when he finally returned it was as if we were crazy for expecting him to tell us the status of our choices. Used to love the broccoli salad, it was obviously several days old and over full of onions. What has happened. So embarrassed I suggested it for our lunch group.
5	This is an old stand-by for our family. Love the salmon BLT with fries swapped out for collards with an OMB Copper to wash it all down. Love the atmosphere and the diverse clientele. Great place to take the kids as well. The Diamond picks up right where the Penguin left off.
4	Solid fried chicken sandwich, nice people about.It seem to be a spot in Charlotte worth hitting up. Didn't try the fried pickles, but they were tempting.
2	I really want to love this place! The service is terrific. The atmosphere is terrific. The food is not. I've been twice. The first time I had fried pickles, which were delicious and a grilled cheese sandwich, which was over-cooked. I was really disappointed in that - how exactly do you mess up a grilled cheese? I went back a few months later because everyone raves about it. I had the pickles again - and again they were awesome. I got a burger, which I requested medium. My friend got a burger and requested it medium rare. Both came out well-done, leaning to burnt. The burgers were absolutely tasteless. We split fries and those were delicious. So my experience is that the appetizers are great, and the main meals are not. We both ordered peach cobbler for dessert - big disappointment. I want to love this place, but I can't. Hopefully there's another diner that doesn't disappoint.
5	Now, this was an unexpected treat.  Had lunch with a native that lives nearby this gem.  It's got that roadside diner history, but slightly re-imagined with a tad of kitschy flair.  Apparently, this is the joint where Agent Carrie Mattheson on the show Homeland freaks out in season one.  I think she must have ordered a full boat of fried pickles.  What is that?  Didn't know such a thing is a staple in Southern Cuisine.  Three big dudes, plenty of pickles left over.  I opted for a patty melt and it was friggin' divine.  This is classic Southern diner fare and me likey.  Service was great, place was hopping mid-week, tucked away in a trendy neighborhood.  Don't spend time in Charlotte and drop by this joint for a satisfying lunch.
1	What a disappointment. Mediocre, overpriced food. The pimento cheese "sandwich" is about a nickel's worth of cheese on two overly dry, overtoasted pieces of bread. The chicken and dumplings was a small watery bowl of dry chicken and, again, about a nickel's worth of dumplings. The hummus and pita was fine. The kids mac and cheese was average. The bill? Nearly 40 bucks, which is about twice as much as it should have been. This is the kind of overrated place that everyone is supposed to love because of its retro hipster vibe. But the food is better at Waffle House.
2	I went with my wife for lunch we were curious since we use to go to Penguin, and was a little disappointed the food was bland and the service was just o.k.
5	So delicious! Their mac & cheese was THE BEST I've ever had (and I've had a lot of mac!). It was ooy-gooey but also chewy in places from being the good, baked kind. Their chicken salad is also the best I've ever had at a restaurant! Seriously! Not too much mayo, so it's not too heavy. Full of fresh herbs. They offer it on a variety of breads, but it's most delicious on a pita, in my opinion. Huge portion.My boyfriend got fried chicken livers-- I cant attest to that, because I sure as heck dont eat those... But he seems to love them!
2	I ordered take-out recently from The Diamond through Living Social. I was told my many Charlottians that this was the place for burgers in Charlotte; "the best!" Well, if the burger I was served is "the best in town" than I'm moving away. I ordered the Diamond Boy burger, side of mac-n-cheese, and a drink. The order was off to a bad start when I had to return to the restaurant when I discovered thy didn't put the drink in the bag. Ok, no problem. Honest mistake. It was 6:30pm after all, dinner rush. Then I got to the burger.. patty was way over-done & bland. The onions didn't save the flavor on the burger either, not desirable at all.I gave 2 stars because the place was packed and obviously I was in the minority getting a bad-burger; probably because I got take-out. The mac-n-cheese was also really good. Even still though, I'm not going back to The Diamond in the near future. Plenty of better choices.
4	Don't really need to throw in another "Oh, how the Penguin was oh-so grandiose back in my day blah blah blah" kind of story with ties to the Diamond. The Diamond is your typical greasy spoons kinda place with all of the fried fare your body can handle for a heavy lunch, late-night bender, or overt pig out. Keep true to my favorites of old, the Small Block -- Southern Style is my go-to. The chili and slaw atop a nice, flattop burger sings happy tunes to the greasy glands in my brain. Crinkle cut fries round it out to really make you hate and love yourself at the same time, too. Love the feel of this spot. The layout feels weirder and weirder upon every visit. Not too many seats to fight over in this joint. Waits can get a little lengthy, but most people are in and out while keeping popularity in mind. Count me in as part of the Diamond fan club.
2	My experience wasn't the greatest, but also wasn't the worst.  The waitress was really cute and friendly, but wasn't on-top of her game.  I ordered the pulled pork and fries.  The fries were horrible!!  The pulled pork was average to say the least.  I expected more from the Diamond, but I would like to try some other menu options before I tell people not to go to this place.  It was okay.
5	Read a lot of reviews, some great, some not so great. So me and my buddy decide to go check it out for ourselves. We go on a Saturday at 1:30pm, which I figured was a good time since it SHOULD be just after lunch. But not at the Diamond as it was wall to wall crowded!So we get seated in under 10 minutes, and we both decide to get the burgers since it was our first time here. I've been in Charlotte 2 years now, and have had some pretty good burgers, but I wanted to see if this was "the mecca" for Burgers. A week before, I decided to check out the Penguin and I admit that their Burgers were damn good! So I thought, No way can the Diamond's be any better. Boy was I wrong! I got the double and my buddy went for the Full Hemi (3 patties for a full pound)! We both ordered it Medium and they both came that way. Always worry about that especially when a Restaurant is super busy like the Diamond.So bottom line - the Burgers were cooked to PERFECTION! Super juicy deliciousness (fatty beef content for FLAVOR) and their Fries were home cut and made quite well. Oh, we started the meal with the Fried Pickles as my buddy never had a GOOD version of this dish. And man did we both love them! Crispy with good seasoning (some Cheyenne?) served with Ranch! Oh so yummy!Back to the burgers.....so after asking for many additional Napkins (which is a GREAT sign at a burger joint because you know it's super juicy), we both stated out loud that this is the BEST BURGER IN CHARLOTTE! Penguin was a close second, only edged out by the Diamond because they cooked my burger to a PERFECT MEDIUM with a nice red/pink center. So it's a 1 - 2 race, with the Diamond in a close lead!Overall, a DELICIOUS lunch with a prompt and friendly staff, despite the crowd (another good sign when people literally line up out the door).Can't wait to come back! If you're craving a GREAT burger, come here!5 Star Rating is for their AWESOME Burger and Fries!
4	I take my family here pretty frequently. Mostly because my wife loves the fried pickles. I consider myself to be more than just a little critical when it comes to food quality, esp when I am never paying for just my own meal, but for the whole family. I have honestly never been a fan of the fried pickles, but I do like these ones. As far as ingredients go, the tomatoes are definitely the typically grocery store variety. A bit too firm and not very flavorful. The lettuce is usually crisp on the burgers but sometimes a little bland.But I have to be honest enough to say that this place is a local, greasy spoon, not a 5 star resort. And its GREAT! The burgers are always out hot and fresh, always cooked as requested, and always deliciously greasy. The mac and cheese is fantastic, esp if you like the baked variety, not soggy noodles floating in a cheese-like broth.Expect to find your server with some tattoos and piercings as well as a full knowledge of the menu and a usually pleasant attitude. Expect the booth seats to be lumpy and uneven. Expect to find a wait during typical rush times. Expect the Diamond to deliver a great burger everytime and expect to leave full, and satisfied.
2	I understand that this place is popular with the hipster locals but bad is just bad. The waitress was extremely nice and the service would have been excellent but my food came out wrong and she didn't seem too concerned about it. The food is sub par. The fried pickles aren't anything to get excited about, the burgers don't look good and don't taste any better. The deal breaker for me is that the place is just dirty. I understand it's an old building but it could use some TLC inside.
4	You have to order their fried pickles as a starter. Some of the best in Charlotte. I really like their black bean burger, but I always order it with pimento cheese instead of cheddar. This is one of my favorite late night spots when I want to veer off of my diet!
1	Service was was not good at all, the waitress took forever to have our order placed. the other people who sat around us (who were seated after) all got their orders in before me and my date, the waiter never checked on us and the food was terrible, especially the hash browns... Will not be going again.
4	Can't believe I have not been to this place in all these years. Good spot. Local mom-n-pop set up. Meat-and-two type of place. The grilled pork chops were great, and all of the vegetables as well. Casual atmosphere, like the Plaza in general. Great food, personal service. Has a patio out front as well.
4	Yeah, I dig this place. A diner that has all sorts of options for multiple diets and still has that greasy spoon feel to it. Lots of different seating options too: outside, a big ol booth inside. Fried oysters were good and hush puppies great.
4	Such a fun place.  I loved the kitschy retro decor here.  Our server was courteous and attentive but not annoying.  The food was really good the portions were excellent.  We ordered the pickle chips and the Greek Platter to share.  This is a real "diamond" in downtown Charlotte.  The Penguin has nothing on this place!
2	Ate there tonight for the first time.  I do have to say the prices are very fair.  The service staff is very "alternative"  Lots of tats, bull nose rings, big hole ear stretch earnings, I don't mind alternative but hygiene has to be there and I felt it wasn't.They were out of about seven menu items and the service was very slow and lacked any genuine hospitality.  I'll give it one more shot because several friends of mine rave about the place but I was not impressed with my first visit.
4	The Diamond, oh how I waited for this place to open since the Penguin ownership fiasco. I was here on opening day and I wasn't disappointed. The fried pickles were just as good as the Penguin was, of course with a good ol' Big Block burger with bacon, cheese, and mayo. The service is good and my drink stays full. Portion sizes are worth the price. Only real negative keeping Diamond from a 5 review is the location and parking. If you're from out of town and trying to find it, you will pass by or miss the street it is on. The parking is either in the 6-10 spots at the business, on the street, or in the back lot. If you go here during lunch hours, or prime dinner hours expect a line and a wait. Food is great, great atmosphere, and service is great. A well deserved 4
3	Sat on the patio at The Diamond.  First thing that I  noticed is the music.  It truly sounded like I made the play list, with the genre ranging from retro rockabilly to Iron Maiden!   My husband ordered a vegetable plate, with mashed potatoes, black eyed peas and fried okra.  I like how the menu designated the vegetarian selections with a tiny green leaf.  I was disappointed to learn that the collard greens are not vegetarian. I had the Greek salad, which was not the best one that I ever had, but it wasn't because they didn't try.  The highlights of the salad included pepperoncini, beets, feta, and tomatoes.  The menu stated that the salad came with dolmades, but actually, only one dolmade showed up.  It was so good that I wished for more.  The Greek dressing was so-so.  Next time, I will try another selection.  I really want to hear their play list again!
3	Been coming to this place since back when it was a hole in the wall spot, prior to hipster takeover.  It's a nice spot, great food, good service and prices are very fair.  You wanna place to hang and chill, this is a diner for you.  I love their sweet potato fries and the burgers are made to order.  The boys who run that kitchen have been working in this town for YEARS.  Good people... support your local hot spot.
4	I think this is 4 stars for me and not 5 because it was so hyped up. The best way I can describe the burger I had (full block with bacon and cheese all the way) was a cross between 5 guys and Wendy's. That's a damn good compliment in my book since I love both of those spots. I got a side of sweet potato fries to go along which were great.Next time I'm going 2 burgers though because frankly just one full block didn't do it for me. Then again, my burger craving has been off the charts as of late.Overal, great neighborhood joint, great burgers, friendly people, my kind of divey type of joint. Excited to get back.
5	I would have knocked it down to four stars a few months ago, but since the patio addition, this really is one of my favorite spots in Charlotte. The food is always good. ALWAYS. I haven't been disappointed with anything. Do yourself a favor and get an order of fried pickles and pig wings. YUM. The burgers are wonderful (carolina style) and so are the veggies. You might have to wait for table if you go during peak hours on a sat or sun, but it's totally worth it.
4	Gotta love the Diamond. It's the first place that my wife and I tried when we moved to Charlotte; our first taste of the south. And it was tasty. I remember ordering fried pickles for the first time, a cheerwine for the first time, along with fried chicken and fries. It was very satisfying. I've been back a few times since and it always hits the spot. It's a little greasy so I try not to make too many trips, but it's really good. It's open late, has a fun crowd and although it's small it doesn't feel that small. I really like the vibe in here. It has a character of its own and I like it a lot. If you're in Charlotte, you've gotta try it!
4	Omg, the fried pickles! And love the vegetarian options. The veggie meatloaf is amazing!
4	Yummy.  Fried dill pickles, killer veggie plates, hot coffee: it's all good at the Diamond.  The servers are cool and keep your cup full.  Liked that I could hang out at the table for a bit after my meal...no pressure to clear out immediately.
5	Amazing burgers.  Down home southern feel.  Cold draft beers.  A Charlotte hotspot.  Big Block Burger (Two 1/3 lb. patties) all-the-way with a Yuengling draft.  Mmm, that's whachya do, right there...
4	Charlotte institution that has gained all my business since the ugly Penguin divorce happened.
5	Hot Turkey Roast with a side of Fried Okra. Hits the spot
3	Both my brother and I went there for our first time after hearing all the hype. We both had the single block burger. I wanted to try the big block but not going to pay $8.00 for a double cheese burger and no side included. So we both ordered the single block ($4.75) with cheese which is extra 50 cents. So total $5.25 for a single cheese burger in my mind thats a pretty expensive burger to not come with anything at all. And an order of fries to split. It took about 15 min for the burgers to come out and the place was not busy at all. Once we finally got the burgers, they were pretty good but I will say it was not worth the money to me. Fries were soggy. I also noticed online there menu prices are lower then what they are in the restaurant so I guess they up'ed there prices recently. Overall I will say the burger was good, had good flavor, and came out correct. I just feel that the food is a little over priced for being a "diner".
4	My wife and I were playing tourists in Charlotte over the Labor Day weekend. We watched the Burger Land episode (on Travel Channel) several weeks prior and remembered this place. We promised ourselves we'd stop in and glad we did!We came in around 12:30pm on Sunday September 1st. It was so packed we sat at the counter. Of course we got the burgers. Mine was the "Big Block" Southern style (chili mustard, onions, & coleslaw) for $6.95, and hers was the "Small Block" for $3.95. I ended up having to make it a fork-and-knife burger for the top half fell over. For a burger that good, it doesn't matter how I eat it! We split the sweet potato fries ($3.95) and there were plenty too.We hope to be back for we are Panthers fans!
4	This is my first time here and first time review. :DI am vegetarian, so there wasn't many options, but I am used to that. They had a vegan/vegetarian meatloaf.....I though I died and went to heaven. It was to die for. SO GOOD. I don't know if I can go back there and not get this meatloaf. I think meat-eaters would love this too.I love the decor of the place, the feeling, and the atmosphere. The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because of the slow service. They just need to have an extra server on the weekends. Two servers are just not enough for inside and outside seating. *Just to mention: OUR SERVER WAS AMAZING!!!!
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. My go to burger joint. Great service and food. A diner done right.
4	Great place!  I think it's run by the previous Penquin staff ?....I go for the burgers, especially the veggie burger and I'm not even a vegan I just think it taste great.  They have lots of daily fresh made specials.  The sweet potato fries are great.  Good beer selection.  Diverse crowd from hipsters, locals and all in between.
3	I'm not huge into greasy diner food... however I will say this: Gravy. Fries. They do them well here, always add the cheddar cheese. Their block burgers hit the spot for a quick diner burger as well. Fried pickles are super heavy but good. Overall I don't hate it, but don't love it. There are a few choice things on the menu I come back for.
5	Great food (fried shrimp,sliced tomatoes,fried pickle,pound cake).Awesome location (plaza-midwood).Relaxed environment (jeans and t-shirt will do). Open late( CAUTION: they stop serving mac and cheese after 8/9)I love this place. Because the food is consistently good everytime.
4	As a very picky late eater, Diamonds always comes to mind if I want to take a night off from cooking. I normally order the fried shrimp (awesome; seasoned and crispy), collard greens, and sliced tomatoes. My second choice is their fried pork chop and (awesome) mac and cheese.Please note that after 9pm they stop serving the warm side items. I would highly recommend this place. Food and location are great!Only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of 5 is that on 2/15 times I have been, there were flies flying everywhere inside.
1	Very dissatisfied with our visit here. The wait staff had major attitude and were down right rude. The food was ok, but when we were done I broke out in hives on my face and arms. I don't have food allergies so what the heck!
4	Great spot! Diverse comfort foods with a cozy feel to the place. In the words of my former governor "Ill  back "
5	Excellent burger & fries were just the way I like them: hot & crispy w/ just the right amount of salt. Terrific service too / he almost seemed to read our minds- very intuitive!
2	The Diamond has been around a long time. Before the revamp and new ownership it was a 2 vegetable and a tea place for 20+ years, in the early 2000's it seemed to become slowly worse over time until I eventually stopped going there. So naturally I was excited to try it again after the revamp. The first time I went it was great, food was fresh and the place seemed clean and updated. I thought I had found love again with the Diamond but was soon disappointed on my second, third and final fourth visit. I am not sure what happened in the following months. The food, specifically the fried chicken and vegetables tasted like they had been sitting around for hours or maybe reheated. The sanitation grade also seemed to hover in the low 90's for a 6 month period. Not sure how that is possible for a place that was just redone completely. If you combine this with the fact that every time we visited there was a wait of 45 minutes it became a bad experience. The Diamond I once knew back in the day had seemed to turn into a tourist trap filled with hipsters that commuted in on weekends just to say they had been there. Basically all fluff and no substance. Where is the quality of The Diamond I once knew?
5	Good Service. Good Beer. Good Food.
4	I came on a Sunday night but the place was still poppin. It's a hipster scene with a soul food menu. I had the fried pickles which were great! Not to much breading. The chicken livers were my main course (yeah I know..) and it was nice that they even had those. They were cooked perfectly. Great bar food for a good price!
2	I really, really want to like The Diamond. It's cheap, convenient to my house, and my friends like it. Maybe I'm ordering the wrong things, but I'm just not even impressed enough to want to go without being decently drunk first. The first two times I went, I got breakfast food. Breakfast is kind of why I go to diners, I love it. Unfortunately, the Diamond can't manage cooking scrambled eggs. They came out rubbery and overdone both times. My friends agreed that their breakfast is terrible and said I just had to try their lunch/dinner menu instead. Well, I gave it a shot with one of their signature sandwiches, a pork burger with onions, bacon, and cheddar. Three bone shards later, I decided I couldn't finish my pork burger and moved on to the sweet potato fries I had paid an upcharge to get. Mushy. My friend's regular fries tasted great, but they didn't get the sweet potato ones right. The $20-for-2 dinner bill would have been a consolation if only the service had been quick enough to bring us our bill and the extra meal we had ordered. Unfortunately, just like some of our party's drinks and silverware, the server had forgotten and we had to wait another 15 minutes while they hustled it out of the kitchen. Meh.
5	If you call yourself a Charlottean, you better stand by this darn restaurant!! It is a landmark for the Queen City and one that brings back all sorts of memories. From its beginning many decades ago to its reincarnation in recent years, Diamond has a lot of history. First of all, it's open late, so if you need something past normal hours, look no further! Second of all, their food is as comforting as comfort food can get. There is so much flexibility in what you order. The secret is that some of their best items AREN'T EVEN ON THE MENU. Case Point: Their Gravy French Fries with Pimento Cheese. Sure, sounds like something from a Foodie Fantasy, but they serve it. It never quite looks the same every time you order it, but it's always as good. Don't sleep on their hamburgers and hot dogs. The Big Block burger is CHEAP and one of the best burgers in Charlotte, seriously! Check out Charlotte Burger Blog if you don't believe me; they gave it high marks too. Also, their Chocolate Pie is a great dessert. They even serve Sun Drop in the bottle, and all day breakfast! Don't forget about their made from scratch Red Velvet Cake. No matter what you get, you won't be dissapointed. The atmosphere is super laid back, and it's a place you can come unwind with awesome food in a non-judgmental part of town after a long day.
5	Great atmosphere, very laid back, friendly service, excellent food with more than generous portions.
2	I feel like it's a crime to give this place 2 stars but I've been twice now and the food is just not good. Of course the fried pickles are amazing, but I can't get over how ordinary everything is. I ordered spaghetti and literally got barely drained noodles and what looked/tasted like sauce from a jar. No herbs, no parmesan, nothing extra at all. I couldn't eat it because both the noodles and the water were pouring off the plate.  I appreciate getting my money's worth but it could've fed 5 people and had no flavor at all. I love a good diner, but you have to have some flair to the every day food that gets served there. All in all it was a bland experience, both times.
5	So this is kind of a hole in the wall. However, the food was fantastic!  It is comfort food... I am a burger kind of girl and my husband and I got cheese burgers. The cheeseburger with great, the macaroni and cheese was great, and even the hush puppies are great. We were very impressed and will return.  They were extremely busy; however, once we were seated the waitress was very pleasant. The welcome into the restaurant is lacking to say the least
1	The lady at the Bar was beyond Rude I drove a half hour to eat at a restaurant that a friend told me about at work and I didn't even order because her service was so terrible and I know it has nothing to do with the hands that prepare the food but the experience was terrible.
4	Throwback Diner - good atmosphere, food, staff - had the 1/4 chicken BBQ dipped with Mac n cheese + homemade chips and 1/3 lb beef burger - all very tasty! Will go back again.
5	All I can say is Awesome Comfort Food.  I have come for lunch and dinner and I have never been disappointed with my order.  Mostly order in but I have also ordered to go.  Always the same great taste and comes out hot.Favorite Drink: Midwood MuleI randomly decided to go Italian one day and get the chicken parm dish... It was so good I now mostly order that.Friendly staff and comfortable/nostalgic diner setting.  Also they have an outdoor seating area; great to sit out on summer nights and you can bring your dog.
5	The wallpaper. I have to start with the wallpaper. I want it. I love it. The fried pickles are perfectly crunchy, not spears (chips!) and not soggy (well, you have to eat them right after ordering them but that is part of the magic of a fried pickle). The hamburgers aren't fancy best, but they are definitely good (especially with pimento cheese). They won't ask you how to cook the meat. But that is okay. You aren't at the diamond for that sort of burger.The Greek salad is a nice option (you know, when you are feeling healthy). If it looks super busy- don't stress. The wait is rarely long. I love the new patio. THE WALLPAPER, Y'ALL. I love it.
2	Had hoped it to be much better but as a good food lover, this makes it no higher than the mediocre level. Fried chicken was a little greasy and dry.  French fries no better taste or texture than a bag of frozen fries from the supermarket stuck in an oven. If these were actually fried at The Diamond then someone should be overseeing food prep. Maybe too many put in the fryer at once?  Corn muffin was inedible- stale and dry. Fried shrimp were very good, as the one bright spot. Also, service very capable and friendly. Maybe the burgers are great but I won't find out as I won't bother returning.
1	Food was bad...drunk people yelling.. Big mistake. Left food on the table, paid and walked out.
5	I love going to the Diamond when I get over on that side of town!!!  The food is always great and you get plenty of it!!!  Fried pickles and cocktails are always a must!!  And the atmosphere is always fun and upbeat as well as the staff!!  Great service!
4	Oh Plaza Midwood, you and your silly reverse parking. I don't really understand you. However, I will endure it to come visit the Diamond.Yes, it's always slammed. Yes, you may have to wait for a table. Yes, it is completely worth it. (and you never have to wait all that long)Must get app: pig wings. I know, it sounds kind of weird. They are DELICIOUS. Fried pickles and gravy fries are also good. Make sure to add pimento to the fries.A little bit of everything on this menu. Think comfort food. I like the burgers, open face hot turkey sandwich and grilled pork chops. Great side item choices for veggie plates. A lot of people rave about the veggie meatloaf. I need to try this sometime to see what the fuss is all about. Full bar. Good beer selection. They had mimosas on special Sunday. My roommate and I couldn't drink ours because the champagne was flat. Not sure what was going on there. Diverse crowd. Super laid back and chill atmosphere. The patio is great for people watching in the neighborhood.
4	I purchased the LivingSocial deal and decided to check it out while I was home.  It is a hidden treasure to those of us outside of the NoDa/Plaza Midwood area.  The portions are huge and I enjoyed my meal.  I will definitely go back.
4	Awesome food, burgers are unbeatable. They serve food until 4am which is a huge plus we got into Charlotte at around 11pm (long day of traveling) and were starving around midnight and this place was perfect! They also serve alcohol which is a plus! Great fried pickles, authentic NC menu! crowd hanging around the place could be a little intimidating to some but it's a great place love it !
4	Food was pretty darn good. Good portions for a good price. Inside decor and menu is adorable. Booth backs are uncomfortable if there is someone sitting behind you. It then turns into a battle to see who will end up hunched over with a back ache. Service was definitely a little lacking. We came in two hours before closing and our waitress' closing duties took precedence over our service. I would get that if we were there thirty minutes before closing, but we weren't.
4	This was one of those hidden gems that I love to stumble on. We were in Downtown Charlotte waiting for friends to get home from work and we decided to stop in because of the reviews on Yelp. Well, it was worth the stop. We found out this place has been around FOREVER and the food and decor and wait staff are definitely the reason! The broccoli salad and corn bread were to die for. The fried fish was divine. My guy had a grilled cheese that was like his momma made. A+++ guys thanks!
5	Love the variety. You can get greasy (delicious), diner food OR you can get something more healthy. I lean towards the healthy options and they have a surprisingly great selection of Mediterranean foods. Service is always friendly and fast. Atmosphere is fun and casual. Plaza Midwood is a great neighborhood for restaurants.
4	One of the better diners in the city and open late. The staff is attentive and eclectic and the menu also focuses on some veggie dishes for those looking for them. In general some good comfort food in Charlotte.One of the favorites is the chips and dips appetizer (which can morph into your side). Housemate chips are served with ranch and an amazing Vidalia onion dip. It's a must have when you drop in.
5	Love this place! I hadn't stepped foot in Penguin since they ousted the original crew and I am SO glad Brian and Jimmy are still whipping up their amazing menu. That's what fried pickles should taste like! Great burger and an amazing new selection to choose from. Keep up the good work!
5	Straight up Charlotte royalty right here. Great food. Cool people.  Plaza Midwood icon.Get the collards!
2	I had not been to the Diamond in over a year, so when we were deciding where to go out to eat last Friday, I readily agreed when it was suggested. Something must have changed in the past year because this was not the Diamond I remembered!  We were seated right away, but our waitress acted like she couldn't care less about us.  Her entire demeanor was standoffish and rude.  She spilled drinks and didn't bother to clean them up!  Also, her shorts were so short that it was pretty awkward to be sitting down while she was standing up taking our order, if you're catching my drift here...pretty gross and unprofessional...Then the food.  We had fried pickles which were fantastic, as expected!! So good.  I ordered barbecue with the chips and collards.  I should have known better than to order collards out of season, but I'm weak to them.  One thing that drives me crazy is when collards are served with the thick stalk still on them, and these were about 70/30 stalk to greens.  The chips were wonderful and crispy.  The barbecue had absolutely no flavor at all.  I doused it in the sauce, which made it a little better, but barbecue should have good flavor without having to cover it in vinegar!  Charlotte has so many other places with good barbecue that this was an especially big disappointment. Overall this meal for 3 people (2 barbecues, 1 hamburger, 3 cokes and fried pickles) was $50! $50 for poor service and incredibly mediocre food.  I am hoping this was a fluke night and the Diamond isn't losing quality, but I don't think I will be back for a while.
4	If you're looking for a straight-up late-night classic ol' diner, boom, you've hit gold. Or Diamond as the case may be. This is the place to go for that too early to sleep, to late to go anywhere else sweet spot that you always seem to hit every weekend. The fries are all you could ever want and more. The atmosphere is quintessential. The only problem is that everyone else also knows about it. So be prepared to wait for your 14 carat. But hold out for it, and that ring is deliciously all yours.
4	Being new to Charlotte, I've heard a lot about the Diamond so I decided to check it out. We went on a Thursday night and there was a lot of activity. It's an old dinner with a modern/hipster twist; the kind of place that's got 1960's wallpaper (a green-ish pattern of cork screws, measuring cups and other kitchen utensils) and a guy with tattoos and gauges walking you to your table. The employees were all really polite and down to earth. The food did take a long time, but it was definitely worth the wait, as it all tasted really good and the waiter let us know that due to the wait it was on the house, which was very nice of them. Most chain restaurants won't go out of your way to give you a great experience but the Diamond was a great local gem that cares a lot about customer service. I'd definitely come here again and would recommend it to anyone.
4	Excellent atmosphere and food.  Old diner type interior with excellent bar.  The staff is quick and friendly.  Burgers are great as well as the club sandwich.
3	Ive been to Diamond on several occasions. I love when they have drink specials ~ pickle backs are something Ive come to enjoy thanks to a special.The fried pickles are awesome and so are the hush puppies (both artery clogging, I know, but I cant help myself :).However, today I discovered two items ill never order again: the creamed squash and the Veggie Meatloaf. Im a vegetarian and have had this type of dish at Letties, which is around the corner on Shamrock -- and they do Veggie Meatloaf really well...so Diamonds paled terribly in comparison. Diamonds Veggie loaf is too dry and absolutely too large, unseasoned, and over breadcrumbed. The squash was swimming in cream, as though it hadnt even been cooked...so that was gross.However, Ive never been disappointed with the mac and cheese OR the black bean burger. Next time I go, Ill stick to what I know. 3 stars because there are some great staples on the menu.
5	I dined with a colleague and we were able to walk in and grab a seat immediately. We started out with the fried pickles which had a slight kick to them. Nothing that's going to burn your mouth but just enough to let you know it's there.  The portion is perfect for a table of 2-4 to share. For the entree I ordered a burger and a hot dog. It was hard to pick from the great options but I ended up getting the Winky Dinky Dog and the Small Block Burger.  The chili and pimento cheese on the Winky complimented each other nicely and came together for a really tasty dog. I also requested pimento cheese on the burger and I'm glad I did. The food all around was really good!
5	Great Burgers! Great Onion Rings! And my friend loves the Winky Dinky Dog -also great homemade desserts - a Good Ole Local joint all around - ask for Bruce the Super Server!
1	I moved to Plaza Midwood a few months ago.  I eat out a lot.  I have eaten at the Diamond quite a few times and have found it to be a nice place with nice servers.  You kind of know not to have high expectations in a place like this but it is a funky neighborhood spot.  Today I was out and about with my dog.  He was really hot and I knew I needed to get him some water and out of the sun.  The patio was completely open at the Diamond with only one couple sitting outside.  I found a nice shady table with good people watching for my dog and I.  And then I waited, and I waited, and I waited.  Finally a server came out to check on the other table.  When she didn't acknowledge me I called to her, "Ma'm...Ma'm?  Ma'm"  She completely ignored me.  I asked the other couple if I was supposed to go in and ask to be seated.  They said, "don't worry, she will come back out."  They actually gave me their menu.  Another 10 minutes went by.  I was just about to give up when a couple walked in with their little girl.  The mom went in while the dad and daughter sat at the table next to me.  A server came right out and took their order!  So I asked the girl, was I supposed to come in and ask to be seated?  She said well normally yes but she would have someone come out and help me.  A third server came and finally took my order.  I had probably been there 20 min.  By this time I really didn't feel like eating.  I ordered a dessert as I thought it would be rude to only have tea.  I left her a $20 bill for a $6 check to show my appreciation that she at least waited on me when the other two women would not.  I am a really nice person and I feel like I was treated shamefully.  Needless to say, the Diamond won't see any more of my business.  Which is really sad.
1	Maybe it should be renamed the "Cubic Zirconia" since The Diamond serves cheap, low quality Shit! I realize that this is supposed to be a Charlotte classic.  But I wish this grease factory would disappear like the grossly overrated Penguin that was around the corner.  I am astounded by the positive reviews.  I get that it's got a unique classic vibe.  But the food is simply disgusting.  I was fully expecting a greasy spoon type of place.  And I'm just fine with indulging in something unhealthy... as long as it tastes good.  NOTHING that I ate at The Diamond tasted good.  Let's start with the onion rings.  I'm not sure there was any onion in there.  It was more like I was eating hard chunks of over fried breading.   The fried pickles were okay.  Just okay.  The burgers - How one effs up a burger this badly is beyond me.  I would rather get a burger from McDonald's.  I am Not exaggerating about this!  Skinny, way overcooked patties.  The bun looked like an obese individual rolled around on it for a while.  The lettuce was wilted.  And there was No flavor.  With all of the heavy stuff that I was ordering I figured I'd order one lighter item, so I went with the Grecian Meze Platter.  BLECH!!! I don't think it was possible to screw this up.  I really didn't!  The pitas seemed stale rather than the claimed "toasted".  But the real highlight for me was the hummus.  I was looking forward to some creamy, flavorful goodness.  This hummus looked like something out of "Two Girls, One Cup".  And by that I mean "Shit in a Cup".  It was Rock Hard.  It was not possible to dip one of the stale pitas into it.  I tried. The stale pita broke.  I stuck my knife into the "hummus" and let go.  The knife didn't budge.  It just stood there standing straight up.  If you want to clog your arteries, at least make it worth it.  Ingest your grease somewhere other than The Diamond.
5	Always a great meal!  Excellent service, cold beer and the best fried chicken in town!
4	Love this place, just a cool diner with cool people working there.  Good food, lots of great diner choices with some tweaks.  Try the Meatless Loaf!  Comes with vegan gravy and delicious mashed potatoes with the skins still on, plus another side.  It's a neighborhood staple.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. I come here because the food is homemade, the flavors are amazing, and they take pride in sourcing and preparing a menu that incorporates quality ingredients. This diner is miles above any other diner I've been to, especially in North Carolina. Haven't had anything on the menu that I wouldn't order again!
5	This was exactly what I was looking for when I was in Charlotte.  I had been to the Penguin before , I knew it had closed, luckily The Diamond is on the other side of the block.  First off, it's been there since before I was born, so that's usually a good sign.  The building and sign has character, and I like that. The interior was classic, booths and counter/bar seating.  I sat down , the bartender was friendly and attentive. I order the Dixie chicken sandwich, fried (not grilled).  In an attempt to be healthy I ordered the broccoli salad.  The sandwich came, and it was awesome. Clearly not a pre made chicken patty. This was obviously hand battered in house.  My healthy broccoli salad?  Well it was more like broccoli slaw without the cabbage.  Full of mayo, but still delicious and not as bad as the house made chips.  I was beyond delighted to eat lunch here.  They have a full bar, but I was not able to indulge as I was still working.  Everything was clean (even the bathroom), the service was good and the food was delicious. Can not wait to come back the next time I'm in Charlotte.
5	Get the hamburger steak! And the small block southern style! Great comfort food, nice service, very popular! Hip spot, locals always rate it tops. This is our second visit here and we sought it out purposefully! Love The Diamond!
2	Service was good and prompt & we were seated right away. It's like a dated mom & pop restaurant,  with a bar. We had the fried pickles to start and I must say they are the best I ever had! I gave 2 stars because the service was prompt, price is right, pickles were great but unfortunately the rest of our food was just OK (and that's generous). We both ordered the BBQ dipped fried chicken plates with mac and cheese and collards. First off, my chicken and greens were luke warm. The greens were tasty but the chicken and mac and cheese were definitely under seasoned. I really wanted to like this place because of the reviews but this time didn't do it (2.5 stars if I had the option). There's a possibility I may give it another shot and try something else.
5	Awesome meal. Started off with the fried pickles and chips and dip. Moved on to the gyros platter. Even better. Accented by a Coco Locos from Noda. Great service and food. Always coming back
2	I went in around 2pm on a Monday. I ordered fried pickles to start, then fried chicken, Mac and cheese, and collard greens. The service- I was one of five people in the restaurant- was average. However, I did hear the line cook tell the server they were only had dark meat chicken. To which to server said,"Yeah, just serve him whatever." I would've liked to make that call. What I really would've appreciated was fresh chicken. I had time to wait. The chicken I received was cold and tasteless. A little salt and pepper goes a long way. However, the Mac and cheese made up for it by being over seasoned. The pickles and collars greens were quality. I tipped my server something like $4 on $15, and left. I will not be back, ever. (This is not my only visit- I generally have a three-and-out policy.)The overall vibe I get from the Diamond is one of entitlement, as if they are doing me a favor by allowing me to spend my money there. I'm just in it for the food. Sorry Diamond. Maybe you can fool all the hipsters, but you can't fool me.
5	I love love LOVE this place!!! I've been to the diamond plenty of times, but I have yet to write a review.  The last time I came here was at 2 AM on a Saturday and I ordered a burger with peanut butter and egg on it.  It was heavenly!I went back today for the first time in a long time.  It's about noon time, so the menu is quite different from the menu at 2 AM.  I asked our waitress about the peanut butter and egg burger, she says it's called the Memphis burger and that they generally don't serve it until the late night hours.  However, she was nice enough to see if the cook was able to make it anyway.  If they couldn't make it, then I'd have the gyro platter (which is bomb btw).  To my surprise, she brought out the Memphis burger!  I doubt she had any idea how happy I was and how much of my day she made.  I love food and I am in love with this burger!  The sweet potato fries that I ordered to accompany the burger didn't disappoint me either.   The sweet potato fries severed here are the best I've had in all of Charlotte.I love the environment and the people that run this place are more than amazing.  The service is always polite and this place stays packed.  I consider The Diamond a treasure of my town, even though it's no longer hidden to the larger public.
3	First time in today. Was average food quality not bad. Service was great. I will try them again in future. I do not have any negative to say about this place
