5	I love Baby Kay's like pirates love stealing. It's good enough to wipe clean the memory of taking a horrible girlfriend there for our first date. The craw fish ettouffe is something I have to stop to contemplate each bite of because I struggle to comprehend why it's so delicious. The gumbo and jambalaya are also stellar. I like to merge all three in the Cajun Combination. They make a raspberry vinaigrette there that deserves it's own paragraph and is mandatory on your dinner salad. Another fantastic creation here is the apricot habenero glaze that one would think would over-power a chicken salad, not the case. Now I know most of you see the h-word and imagine terrible pain, this dish is not prohibitively hot, it manages to catch the flavor of the much maligned pepper and only a fraction of its fire.  If you happen upon Baby Kay's  on a day when the special is seafood enchiladas, get them and call me for a refund if you anything less than amazed.  Staff is pretty low key and nice here. Not a good call if you're in a hurry, but worth being late over. I usually sit at the bar if minutes are precious and outside if my time is my own. For what you get the prices are very reasonable.
4	I have only been to 3 other Cajun restaurants. I had the Cajun Combo and loved it. The crawfish ettouffe was very good, as were the other dishes. The garlic bread that comes with it is the best. It is toasted just right and if you go with friends order a side. This food is hot and I left the place sweating. I look forward to coming back to try some other dishes.
2	OK, now i'm sure for those who've never lived in the south, maybe you like Baby Kays. I had a friend from college in town and we were both craving crawfish like the good little southern girls we've become (we lived in New Orleans for four years). We got to the restaurant and it reminded me of Acme Oyster House. I thought it a good sign. We were seating outside and saw the boilers! We almost screamed we were so excited. We ordered two Abitas (mmmmmm!) but they were tapped out (dirty bitches!) so we had bloody marys instead. The bloody marys needed major tweakage; we added tabasco, pepper, and more pepper! Already, kind of a disappointment. All around us, people were ordering the crawfish and we couldn't wait for it. We got the "5 pound" special which came with two pieces of corn, no potatoes, sausage (which my friend was craving!), or garlic (WTF?). The crawfish were decent size but the taste was awful! I think they only spiced it with tabasco sauce! our lips were burning and not in that delicious crab boil way. I mean, i know what crawfish tastes like and this was an amateur attempt. They didn't even use the proper spices or anything. For $29.50, that's ridiculous. And for those of us that know what crawfish are supposed to cost, i'm embarrassed to have even paid over $10.If you go, don't get the crawfish...it's a rip off. Two stars for the service.
2	I really don't know why this place gets any positive reviews.I've been to New Orleans a couple times but am by no means a Cajun/Creole conniseur (SP??).  Their food is downright bland and nowhere near the level of NOLA and we're talking a cuisine that thrives on spicy/flavorful food!!  I went with five friends and nobody was all that impressed.  Cute location with patio seating and decent staff though.All this talk about Ragin' Cajun' closing and now this crap is the best in Phoenix...my Lord I'll start a Cajun place and make a mint!!With my Russian heritage and all it will be a home run!!Or maybe I'll just stick to my day job :(
2	We dined here as part of a large party and had buffet style price fixed option.  Food was terrible and not anything resembling Cajun.  I would not return if they were giviing it away for free.
2	The menu has remained basically the same since Baby Kay sold the restaurant late last year.  The food is not as good and it is my understanding the new owners dismissed Chef Lou-Lou, no wonder the food sucks. The restaurant is not as clean and the food is terrible. What a waste!!! If anyone knows of a real good Cajun restaurant let me know!
4	I came here last week with Michael for dinner.  I must admit that this place has been around forever and this was my first time.  Michael had been here before but it had been quite some time for him.  We both decided on the gumbo... I had the chicken and andoulle sausage with a salad for my side and Michael had the seafood gumbo with the green olive slaw.  My salad was pretty good...very basic, but the salad dressing was pretty damn good I also tasted the green olive slaw, it was pretty good also.  The best part was the gumbo... we both really enjoyed that.  We each also had a cocktail and the total was $39.00 ... that was great!
3	I've wanted to try this restaurant for a couple years now and was finally able to make it over there last week. After I was seated, I waited quite a while(this was at 3pm) for the waitress to get my food order. I was a little preturbed by this but once she left the kitchen and got to my table, so was actually quite pleasant. I explained to her that this was my first time and asked for a recommendation. She enthuisiastically recommended the fried shrimp po'boy and chicken/sausage gumbo which I ended up ordering. The shrimp in the sandwhich was pretty well cooked, and not overdone so the shrimp were quite juicy still. Unfortunately, there just wasnt enough shrimp to fill in the bread that came with it. The gumbo was delicious and a definite highlight of the meal. I would recommend this restaurant, though it may not be the best value for what you get.
4	I went here last a year and a half ago and enjoyed the food.  Definitely would go back if in the near vicinity & in the mood for Cajun food.
5	This is the best Cajun resturant in Arizona. I've lived in Louisiana before and this is as close as it gets for AZ. I had the crawfish ettouffe and its was awesome and the most authentic I've had since living in Louisiana. My wife had the sampler and she loved it. The atmosphere is great. The live music added to the experience. It was kinda loud though. The waitress was kind of wierd. I would recommend this to anyone looking for some good  cajun food. It is on the pricey side but its worth it.
4	Went there with some friends before I fly out of town.  It is in a great location there in Town n Country Mall.  This mall used to be one of my favoriate hangouts back in the late 1980's so I'm glad to see it is still around.I don't have a lot of experience with Cajun food but who doesn't love a good po-boy?  It came with chips on the side and we ordered a side of slaw which was the most amazing slaw I've eaten in a long time.  It had a very strong olive taste which I loved, could have eaten a pint of that myself. Nice atmosphere and it was fun to have the live music playing.
3	I guess you can't really expect a truly authentic cajun experience in Arizona, but the cajun food was not truly excellent, but not terrible either.  I had the jambalaya, chicken & sausage gumbo, and potato salad.  The jambalaya was pretty bland and the chicken/sausage was a bit above average.  Forgo the jambalaya and try something else when you go.  I was expecting a bit more, but it was pretty crowded for lunch so this must be one of the better Cajun spots in this part of Phoenix at least.
5	This is a great place for Cajun food. It is located in the Town & Country shopping center in the camelback corridor area of Phoenix. Everyday the menu has a special that is fresh and exciting. I have tried several of their dishes, but have to admit I always enjoy the Beer Battered Shrimp with Crawfish sauce and dirty rice.Oh, I almost forgot the GUMBO is the bomb, meaning, true Gumbo, not just imitating soup like others produce and call it gumbo. I think it is the best in AZ.
4	I've never had Cajun food in Louisiana so I can't make a comparison even if I wanted to, which I don't.  It seems a lot of people like to complain about ethnic food being Americanized or regional styles not living up to expectations.  We live in Phoenix people-Phoenix, AZ, USA, not Phoenix, Japan or Phoenix, New York.  I have eaten Mexican food in Kentucky of all places.  Was it the style of food I am used to being a native Arizonan?  No, but I can appreciate that it wasn't bad, just someone else's interpretation.So, the end result is I like Baby Kay's.  I've eaten here several times and never had a dish I didn't like, nor bad service.  I like that their hushpuppies actually have flavor beyond that of a wad of cornmeal.  I like the gumbo and jambalaya.  I tried the crawfish ettouffe and it was great.  I like that the potato salad is not swimming in some overly sweetened mayo concoction.So while it may or may not compare to your version of authentic Cajun cooking, it is still a great place for a meal.
3	Having lived in Louisiana for two years, overall I wasn't impressed with the food, atmosphere, etc. overall.  Maybe it's in a good location, but it wasn't visible from the road (or not as far as I could see).  The restaurant was randomly decorated with "cajun" propaganda, posters, and articles.  One article on the wall was about New York City and didn't fit in at all.  My friend and I ordered the house wine and it was decent, but I guess you get what you pay for.  Also, we ordered the spinach-artichoke dip for an appetizer with garlic bread; I can't complain about that dish.  For dinner, I got the Baby Kay's special with red beans and rice and seafood gumbo.  I enjoyed the gumbo because it had crawfish in it and the red beans and rice was okay, too.  I was going to order the crawfish etoufee, but it was $18.25, when the other entree was $11.25, and I had spent a lot on my vacation.  A green olive coleslaw was included with the entree, but it contained a lot of mayo, and I didn't eat any more than one bite.  That was kind of my fault, though, for ordering coleslaw. i thought the decor was really dated and the waitress/bussers asked me like five times if I was done with my gumbo, which I was not.  Good cajun food is hard to find beyond the bayou.
4	This is my neck of the woods...I was waiting to get my haircut and had a bit of sinus congestion that needed some clearing up so I figured so good spicy Cajun food should do the trick.I got the chicken and sausage gumbo with the side of Cole slaw and an ice cold beer. The food was great just as I expected, the place was not to busy for a Saturday afternoon, I was by myself so I moseyed on up to the bar to make my order.The bartender slash waitress seemed a bit pre occupied and in general I was not super happy with my service but to say the least I am a fan.
3	I guess if I had never enjoyed GOOD cajun food *cough* Baseline/Price *cough* previously, or never enjoyed it at all, this place would get 3.5 stars, maybe 4, but that world does not exist for me in this current plane of reality.  Really, this is 2.5 stars, but there is no way to give a 1/2 star.Gumbo was meh.  Decent taste but the rue was not fantastic and frankly kind of oily.  Red Beans and Rice were boooooring and the only thing that saved it was the sausage.  Potato salad was also meh and didn't leave any great impression.  Price was on par with other cajun spots.  If you think this is excellent cajun food, well, "shame on you".  :D
4	Enjoyed my sandwich & would definitely go back.  There was a live musician on the Wednesday night I was there.  While the music was great, it was a bit noisier than I was expecting, which made it occasionally hard to hear my group.  However, it was still a fun night with some high quality Cajun food.
4	We were able to enjoy  patio seating on a nice spring night here at Baby Kay's.  Tucked into a nice strip mall area near several other restaurants, boutique shops and Trader Joe's it can also make for a fun outing.   The food here was authentic and flavorful.  The food was spicy but not so much as to loose touch with the flavor of it all.  I could have made a meal out of the seafood gumbo alone but got the 2 item that came with red beans and rice ( I barely touched it I was so full).  My friend got a three item combo and while the portions looked meagar, they filled him up and he was quite pleased.  We didn't quite know what to expect with the green olive coleslaw when we saw it as an option but if you are a green olive fan you will enjoy the mix of tart briney sliced green pimento stuffed olives with the slaw.  I would have liked to try the oyster po' boy, I will have to go back just for that and the slaw.
5	baby kay's was my home away from home for a year.  initially, i went there for one reason only, they had turbodog on draft.  by the end of the year, i'd had so many great times there that i can do nothing but give them five stars.  i could go there on the verge of tears (it was a rough year) and leave a few hours later laughing.i always sat at the bar.  my favorite bartender was cory.  she's a sweetheart.  if you see her, tell her i said hello.  my favorite waitress was serena.  her boyfriend would often come in and he and i would drink and talk.  he was all right.  i met many regulars there and they were all very friendly from the first time i went to my last.  the owners are twin sisters, heidi and heather.  heather was always so very nice to me.  sometimes, she'd buy me a beer.  that's always cool.  cory would do that, too.  actually, almost every time i went i'd get a beer on the house.   anyway, heather would sometimes sit with me and ask me to try new things.  sometimes it was food and sometimes a new bottle of wine.  now i don't fit the profile of their average customer.  i have a shaved head, ride a motorcycle and am covered in tattoos from my neck to my writs.  everybody else was pretty white-collar in profession and dress.  still, for some reason, i was accepted and treated very well.  god bless baby kay's.i see some folks are cajun food snobs but i have to say their crawfish etouffee is really incredible and i can't tell you how many catfish or oyster poboys i ate.  their prices are probably not bad considering the neighborhood, which can be pricey.  as others have noted, it's probably the best cajun food you're going to find in phoenix.i recommend you go to baby kay's, sit at the bar, order a pint of turbodog and a bowl of etouffee and say hello to people.  you'll have a wonderful time.
2	Bland, uninspired, boring and dark. Great happy hour spot. Don't miss Spicy Mary. --light provided by a cluster of 4 low-watt street-lamp-style globes and candles goes  for a sidewalk cafe, but it was just too dark.--chicken gumbo uninteresting--red beans and rice, no flavor--jumbalaya a mound of bland rice with flecks of meat--sausage very authentic with ground spicy bits of hooves and snouts, except I can still feel those bits, ew!--crawdads are the only palatable dish, though it's not far from a Chinese all-you-can-eat buffet. --Spicy Mary made with Absolut Peppar and marinated asparagus. Don't miss it. --live low slow blues guitar and jazz styles missing the energy I wanted--food also missing a kind of mischief I expect from this cuisine; I have to douse everything with Tabasco.Baby kay's is a Phoenix stalward, having survived for at least 15 years, but probably longer. Am Missing something? Is Southern cooking just not interesting? I think not. I'll hav to pull out my old VCR tapes of that heavy French accent narrating Best Chefs of the World.
5	I have been coming to Baby Kay's for many years.  My wife and I moved to North Scottsdale a few years ago and would only make it down to Baby Kay's maybe once or twice a year.  About two weeks ago we were craving that crawfish sauce so we headed down...I'm so glad we did!  Food was amazing as usual!  On a Saturday night it was just the right crowd....it really reminds me of New Orleans.  I just found out it is under new ownership... Twin sisters and they were both working that night and they were great.  I really feel Baby Kay's is the best cajun in the state of Arizona!   I'm heading down now for the Monday special "Beer Battered Shrimp with Crawfish sauce and dirty rice"  Where else would I find this???
3	Oyster po'boy, bitches!  Thick, juicy hunks of oyster, lightly battered and fried, then put on a toasted hoagie roll.  Served with homemade potato chips, a pile of sweet pickle slices and a side of the remoulade sauce.  The sauce is what makes it!  It's a horseradish sauce and yummy!  I poured a bit of it over my sandwich.  It's obviously the specialty of the house, because our server asked each of us if we wanted it on the side.Oysters were big, juicy and firm, not too much so, though.  Nothing like oysters that aren't edible.  I've had them elsewhere and it's really disgusting.I just burped and it tasted like the po'boy.  All the boys at work are jealous.
3	So my wife has been bugging me to get takeout from this place for quite some time. I finally caved, and man am I glad I did. We each got the Baby Kay's Combination that came with Crawfish Etoufee, Chicken Jambalaya and Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. They each came with a side dish. I chose the green olive cole slaw, my wife opted for the side salad (booooo). We also threw on a basket of hush puppies.  The Etoufee was great, nice spice and a great velvety texture. The "jambalaya" wasn't what I had expected, it was more like dirty rice with sausage (no chicken or shrimp).  The Gumbo was pretty good, but I didn't eat much because I was so full. The hush puppies were okay, nothing to write home about.  We just purchased the 2010 Entertainment book, so we had buy one get one free. Total tab was around $22, money well spent. Am I hooked? no. Would I go back, yup if I was in the mood.
3	This place was WAY overpriced for mediocre food.  The only thing I really liked was the seafood ettouffee.  The sweet and spicy wings were not bad but tasted better heated up later.  The barbeque shrimp wasn't what I expected at all but was pretty good, maybe its better in the entree version over rice.  They were out of oysters for the po boy so I couldn't get it although I wanted to..  The gumbo and jambalaya wasn't anything to write home about.  :)
5	The dirty rice and boudin at Baby Kay's are really quite wonderful - a local treasure in Phoenix. Baby Kay's and Papadeaux's take the prize for Cajun restaurants so far in Phoenix, with good food at reasonable prices. The lunch is a little pricier here - and so I recommend Baby Kay's for dinner because it's the same price. But hey if Greekfest across the street is full for lunch, pop over to Baby Kay's. The food is consisistently good - gumbo, jambalaya and oyster po-boy. Highly recommended.
4	Yup.  Good.  Uh huh.Expensive? Yes.  Better option in Phoenix? Nope.
1	I'd hate to waste a star on this place!I lived right outside of The French Quarter in New Orleans for 8 months. I remember the best of Cajun food and this place was far from what I remember. I'm not big on seafood but everyone at our table ordered a seafood dish and all were not happy with their entree.What did I order? I ordered a simple Chicken Po'boy sandwich. How can a Cajun restaurant get this wrong? This place did. The chicken was placed on bread that was hard. I expected the chicken to be smothered in BBQ sauce. Wrong! The sauce was on the side. The lettuce on the side of dish that was to be used in the sandwich was a bit on the brown side. The fries were cold. Yuck!Waitress was great. She was the best part of this dining experience. Never again.
4	Wanted to try cajun food so looked up this place. It was good. Even though we had to ask to be re-sat after we sat for 15 minutes with no one coming tot he table... But we were the only ones on the patio so it's cool. The night we went there was a guy playing the blues... very nice. My son loved it.Ordered the Cajun Combination to get a little taste of everything. Liked it all, but loved the Crawfish Etouffee!
3	So I was here Tuesday night, the first time in a year and prior to that it had been over 7 years. This place used to be packed! Even a year ago it had a decent crowd. When we arrived.. one table was sat with a child running and screaming through the dining area. Because of that we chose the bar. 2 guys at the bar that's it. Needless to say our service was good, how can it not be right? Started with BBQ shrimp.which was realy good but not BBQ, it was more of a spicy lemon, which was fine because the server explained that. Had I expected BBQ I would have been disappointed. Garlic Bread Great..Hush puppies a little over done but still good. Followed it up with the Bourbon Chocolate Sauce sundae..um yumm. So al in all food no complaints whatsoever. Atmosphere.. there was none. We might as well have been in a one horse town. While we were there the guys left and 2 business like women took their place at the bar. What was sad was the people watching. One of the women was just short of bragging how she used to go there all the time and how she knows all the employees...went out of her way to get the bartenders name and introduce herself like she was somebody. It was sad. She was name dropping herself! Food great.. atmosphere 'nil it was depressing..Its my opinion that unless they change up their location to something with more foot traffic (Mill Avenue would be perfect for this place... other spots such as Desert Ridge, Fashion Square, Westgate even..)they're going to waste away. Town & Country Plaza just isn't what it used to be and it's sad because their food deserves the attention, it really does.
2	nothin' to boast about. they need to season the crawfish with spices and not hot sauce. that goes without saying. which leads me to say i don't really dig what they're puttin' out with the crawfish boil.  being a southerner out of place sucks one in when one sees a crawfish boil is being put on...  boy, was i the one put on.
3	Serves really really tasty Cajun food.  I usually pop in here for lunch, but the flavors from the food the the ambiance reminds you of New Orleans.The cajun, honey and bbq wings here are super good!  One thing that they make really good is the Catfish sandwich, crispy on the outside with a side of coleslaw.  I'm not an expert on this, but I am not a fan of their jambalaya, the rice is a bit bland and too fluffy.  The base sauce that goes with it is not the greatest.  Most of the time, the staffs are courteous and attentive.Overall, it's a great lunch spot.
3	I love Cajun/Creole food - good, bad or indifferent.  I first became acquainted with it when I was in the service in eastern Texas in Galveston.  Coming from Washington State, it was a  brand new experience for me - the flavors were wild and exotic.  And since we had nothing like it in Washington, I taught myself to cook it - gumbo, jambalaya, barbecued shrimp, etouffee,  red beans and rice - I loved it all.  I bought every cookbook available, and this was prior to Paul Prudhomme, Emeril, and Justin Wilson.  My children grew up eating Cajun, and even now they ask me to cook it for them when they come home.So I had a craving for Cajun food, and headed off to Baby Kay's.  I finally found it tucked away in a mall on Camelback.  The inside is inviting, and there is a patio adjacent to it.  When I came in there was an old man playing blues at the front entrance, so I knew it was the right spot.  I sat at the bar and sampled their shrimp etoufee, chicken and sausage gumbo, and jambalaya.   Of course, I had to sample the Turbo Dog beer.  Sad to say, the beer was the best part of the whole meal.I was disappointed in the flavors of the food.  It seemed that they had toned the taste down, so as  to appease the general public. Cajun and Creole  food is simple, yet can be made quite complex with the spices added - and I don't mean just Tabasco Sauce.I have to give them credit - the food was obviously prepared correctly - the gumbo was made with a roux, the jambalaya was not swimming in  tomato sauce.  I loved the etouffee - if I had just had that and the Turbo Dog beer, I would have been satisfied.So I will go back - but only if I have a craving for Cajun/Creole food - and only if I can't find any place better.
3	I'm always thrilled with the experience of checking out different Cajun restaurants. It always makes for a good time, because it's a great excuse to assemble a group and multiple drinks with dinner are de rigeur. My experience at Baby Kay's was just such an occasion, as I joined friends for Cajun food and crawfish (served on Wednesdays at Baby K's).The overall experience was wonderful. Abita beers on tap, good variety of choices on the menu. Having lived in Louisiana for seven years (although in the notoriously non-Cajun predominantly Scotch-Irish region known as Shreveport), I got to ply my expertise and educate my friends on what they were stuffing down their collective gullet.The crawfish here were disappointing. I don't know if it was because they were boiled forever or not kept alive before boiling, but the tail meat on many of them were mushy. And the shells were hard to shuck since they were so flimsy. Something was amiss. The novelty value was there, but they were actually pretty unpalatable. I did get a thrill out of discovering deep-fried boudin (pronounced "boo-dan") balls, which were tasty, even though the portion was somewhat meager. I shared this pork-and-liver-and-rice specialty with my friends who promptly uttered yummy sounds.A good time was had by all. Service was friendly and attentive, but in my opinion, the food was a bit overpriced. I give them props for providing a decent Cajun dining experience, but the menu could use a little tweaking and they need to bring up their crawfish game. I'll be back for the ambience and appetizers sometime, just to relive a little Louisiana experience, and maybe suck down a few Turbo Dogs (that's my Abita beer of choice).
4	It had been ages since I had been to Baby Kay's...it's kinda just off the beaten path that I forget about it.....what a mistake. After wandering back a month ago my better half and I have made it our Monday spot along with a few other trips in between. Mondays are beer battered shrimp with dirty rice a a wonderful crawfish sauce that rocks my world (shrimp are big and sweet and you get 8 which trust me makes for ALOT of food). My hubby loves the chicken and sausage gumbo...so much so that we get an extra for lunch the next day. All of the food has a wonderful spicy kick that is seriously addictive and the patio is great for this time of year. Of course we sit at the bar where Jimmy takes great care of us. Noelle whom some of you may remember from her Ticoz days works the luch crowd. So if you haven't checked it out its worth the trip and a Happy Hour cocktail with Jimmy.
5	Baby Kays and Pappadeaux's are the only real Cajun restaurants in the valley. All else I've tried including Cajun Seafood Corner, Voodoo Daddy's, and Ches Moneaux are posers only. They only WISH they served the quality Cajun cuisine that these restaurants serve day in and day out. My favorite item on the menu for Baby Kay's is the crawfish ettouffee. I've also had the red beans and rice. It is VERY GOOD. Couple the food with live entertainment on the weekend and you've got a recipe for a Cajun good time! Laissez Les Bon Temps Roullette!
2	This place has been around a long time, and I've been there quite a few times. It's hard to find decent Cajun food in Phoenix, but Kay's usually does pretty well.Our last visit wasn't the greatest. The duck & andouille gumbo was nice, if not quite piping hot. I forgave that, as it's one of the few places around you cna find duck of any kind, or andouille for that matter. The shrimp etouffe came out stone cold, and the waitress quickly returned it to the kitchen where they nuked it to almost hot. Microwaved etouffee just isn't right. An order of dirty rice with a side of 2 links of andouille proved almost pointless, as we specifically made clear this was an entree, and expected the 2 links to be cut up and added to the rice. What we got was a small bowl of dirty rice with two tiny breakfast-sized links laid atop it.  The crab cakes weren't bad, being mostly crab with little bread crumbs, but they really didn't scream authentic cajun cakes to me. Plus, they too were a bit on the cold side - even though everything came out quickly. On the plus side, they have Abita beers on tap. Turbo Dog is always welcomed - especially if it's on tap. Another plus is you can stop in on a weekend night (we went on a Saturday) even at 9p and they are open. The place was empty barring a few people at the bar. That should be your clue. My previous experiences here were all around lunchtime, with no problems as far as food temp, so I suspect that late night diners are getting food that has been sitting around in a steamer all day long. Regardless, I am only giving this 2 stars. Your mileage may vary.
3	I ate here last night with my folks and g/f. Having already read previous yelpers i already knew what to try and what i wanted.The seafood gumbo was very good as was the chicken and sausage gumbo. I enjoyed a cold Turbodog along with my meal that paired fairly well with the spices from the sausage. My dad was a little disappointed that they were out of oysters for his po'boy but he claimed he was happy with the catfish po'boy in the end. Enoyed the live blues music while dining and having a good time.All in all expect rather slow service but better than most cajun food in phoenix. Would eat here again in the future.
3	Seafood etoufee was good.  Guitar player was fantastic.  Waitress was very nice and helpful.  Service was good.The Jambalaya and gumbo were ok.  Fried oysters were ok.  The potato salad was ok.  The atmosphere was ok.All in all, an ok Cajun dining experience.  I'd use more adjectives but they didn't really spring to mind or tongue.  It didn't knock my socks off but it did scratch the itch.
4	I work right around the corner from this place and it seems to be out go-to watering hole to get hammered and eat spicy food.  Not that we're picky on the getting hammered part, but the food here is damn good.  I'm not really a cajun food person to begin with, but there a few awesome things about Baby Kay's that you can't get just anywhere.  1) Seafood Burrito on Tuesday nights - holy mother of goodness...I'm not sure how much of the ocean is actually thrown in that tortilla, but it's fantastic.  There's a ton of cheese, cream sauce and I'm sure a ton of other uber-healthy ingredients.  Amazing.  If you've never been here before, you should hit up Tuesday nights. 2) Friday/Saturday Pork Chop - again, not really a pork chop person.  I wouldn't go to a restaurant and scan the menu for a pork chop...but this one is INSANE.  You don't need a knife...it's so moist (I hate that word, but I'll reserve the right to use it when talking about Baby Kay's pork chop) and juicy I really want to curl up and die a happy person after consuming half a pig.  Yum is all I can say to that visual.Yes, they're kind of pricy, but it's not outrageous.  I've had the gumbo and the sampler platter too, all of which are delicious.  The bar is great, I notice they serve a lot of beers on tap, but they also have a full bar that I've taken advantage of multiple times.Also - during the week they have a guy (who may or may not be  homeless, it adds to the luster) who plays jazz music inside the restaurant and it's great.  It's like Enya when you're in a massage, it really makes you feel as though you might be in Louisiana for the night.  Thankfully, you're not, b/c that place sucks.Try it out and go on a Tuesday or Friday/Saturday night!
2	I've been to Baby Kay's a couple of times and have sampled the catfish, gumbo and red beans and rice. The catfish basket and gumbo were so so while the red beans and rice took the gold. I think Baby Kay's needs some work on their lunch menu. I personally think that $50 for lunch for three people that didn't order any alcohol is a pretty steep price to pay for medicore food. I'm not too excited to make a third trip to Baby Kay's.
5	Fantastic place with superb service and something a little unique in the Valley - translating a difficult, spicey, gamey style of cuisine into food that everyone will appreciate. You really can't go wrong on the menu - the gumbos are wonderful and the jambalaya spicey and delicious. Try the pasta with the cajun cream sauce, and of course their pulled pork is a classic favorite among their customers. Full bar; I suggest a tropically inspired drink like a painkiller. Nice wine menu that is very affordable, but also qute good, with lots of smart choices a little off the beaten path. They feature daily specials that are fancied by their regulars and folks come fraom all over across the Valley to get there - Chandler, Surprise, even out of town. Charles Barkley gave them a wonderful review at the half-time of a superbowl. Simply the best.
4	I simply will never compare Cajun/Creole-inspired restaurants outside of Southern Louisiana to the real deal. It's just one of those things you don't do. That being said, I am a HUGE fan of Baby Kay's. It's probably my first or second choice restaurant in the Valley of the Sun...of any variety of cuisine!This casual joint first endeared itself to me by stocking a wonderous libation I feared was lost forever: Dixie Blackened Voodoo. I can't think of a better pairing of beer with food than a Voodoo and some ass-kickin' gumbo. Or any of your favorite SOLA entrees, for that matter. They have an ample selection of brews, as well.With talk of delicious beers aside, the food here can hold its own in the Flavor Arena. I usually always get the crab cakes to start despite their $12 tag...they're undeniably worth it. You can't go wrong with the gumbo (try the duck & andouille combo, BOH!) or the other Cajun mainstays, etouffee, jambalaya, etc. Even the garlic bread that accompanies many of their hors d'oevres and entrees has a memorable quality to its flavor. Despite absolutely loving this place, I had to only give it 4 stars because I believe the menu to be limited. I wasn't crazy about the po'boys either...but then again I rarely am (blasphemy?). Also, there's no entree I've had there that's blown me away, yet it's all extremely flavorful and brings back some pleasant memories. Lastly, I'll add that of all the times I've eaten here, I've yet to try any of their desserts! Wonder why that is? heehOccasionally, they'll have a guitarist or musician of some sort jammin' away inside. The patio is great to sit and enjoy your meal, during the colder months, clearly. There are an interesting mix of people in that area and I've become involved in some really thoughtful conversations in the moments after I've stuffed my face full of goodness.I've recently moved to the Loma Linda neighborhood in Phoenix, which is conveniently a few blocks away, so I'm sure y'all will see me at Baby Kay's with a Voodoo in my hand and a grin on my face!
2	Alright.. A-hem... er, F*** I hate giving poor reviews! This place isn't HORRIBLE, but it most CERTAINLY isn't as good as what they charge for it.I went here for lunch today because I was feeling adventurous. I felt the need for something new, and it was a toss up between Cypress Grill and this place. Unfortunately, I picked THIS place... We sat down and ordered my 4 year old the corn dog on the kids menu for $3.50. I ordered the 1/2 shrimp po'boy and chicken/sausage gumbo $10.50, and my wife ordered a chicken po'boy and gumbo of the same $9.50.Out comes my son's corn dog.  It was nice that they brought that out quick, because kids get anxious when waiting for their food. As do some adults, I suppose... nonetheless, it was one of those frozen-type corn dogs that you can buy by the box... As soon as I saw this, my feeling for adventure was snuffed.  The food DID come out fast. I'll give them that, but it was a bit shy of good.1/2 Shrimp Po'boy: Keep in mind, they charge $10.50 for a full sized sandwich.  My sandwich had maybe 5 shrimp on it, some lettuce and two small pieces of tomato on the side.  The horseradish sauce was, indeed, good but there lacked anything GOOD to put it on. So I just dunked my two dry pieces of bread and 5 shrimp in the sauce. Don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining about the taste.  The taste was good. but the price I paid doesn't constitute what I received.Chicken and Sausage Gumbo: I must admit, my wife ruined this one for me.  She mentioned how it reminded her of the canned soup of the same, and, I sh*t you not, it DID taste like canned soup! the chicken was SUPER mushy, and the sausage tasted like they bought a kelbasa, sliced it up, and added it to the soup just before serving. It was not good at all.I can't comment on my wife's po'boy, but it didn't look much better than mine. Two pieces of bread with some chicken. Meh...That's right, I said it! Meh, Meh, Meh!!! And with that, I will be making a Meh list to put this in... Actually, I think I already have one.
4	If you enjoy Cajun food; don't miss this place.   Great food and very reasonable prices.     Great place to go to lunch.     Have eaten there several times and enjoyed the food each time.       I especially like the red beans and rice.
3	Average Cajun food, nothing special.  I came here late on a Tuesday night.  Few people there.  It's a dive of a place in a strip mall.  A bluesman was playing nice quiet blues on an electric guitar...very nice.  Kinda scruffy place with all the basic Cajun staples.  Nothing fancy.  Decent brews.  I think the bar tender was waiting tables.  I probably won't be back, but I had heard it was great and wanted to try it.  I think I like more upscale digs and fancier/pricier fare.
4	So I am heading to NOLA for a vacation next week and no better way to prep for the mouth orgasm I'm about to have then head to Baby Kay's.  For the Phoenix Valley this has to be the best Cajun food around.  I ordered the Cajun combination which is a cup of each: Seafood Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffee, and sausage jambalaya.  Also on the side you get garlic bread and potato salad.  The Seafood Gumbo was the only one I didn't enjoy it was just ok nothing like I thought it was going to be.  I should have taken the downgraded chicken gumbo.  The Crawfish Etouffee was awesome it was the best of the three.  It was full of flavor and just yummy.  I think next time I will order just that alone.  The Jambalaya was good but after the Etouffee it unfortunately was judged unfairly :).  It did have huge chunks of great sausage and tasted good.  They tried to sell me on dessert but I was so stuffed I didn't even finish my side of potato salad.  3 cups of food actually is a lot more than it sounds like.  I will be back for sure as this place is a true gem and they have Abita beer which always scores points in my book.
3	Because we are so far removed from the French Quarter my stomach rarely directs me to Cajun. Let's be honest there are few options in this town.  So this becomes the default spot to scratch the gumbo itch.  Above average food, better service, higher than expected prices.
1	If you've ever been to New Orleans and have therefore been spoiled by actual cajun food, this place is a guaranteed disappointment. My $12 shrimp po'boy had maybe 10 shrimp on it, something that is supposed to be a staple of cajun cuisine. The couple of small pickles, half of a tomato slice and soggy lettuce given as dressings for the sandwich were an embarrassment. I'm not sure what flavor the chips were, because there was no flavor. I think I could have had better at Long John Silver's, and I hate Long John Silver's.
3	Did you know there is live music at Baby Kays? A guy in the corner playing blues guitar. I only just noticed him on my last visit. I've been there a few times in the last few years. I thought it was a CD playing.  I had taken the music for granted without really paying attention to the sounds of fingers scratching across strings, feet tapping on the floor--the other accents that separate real from Memorex..Maybe that's fitting. I think Baby Kay's has been taken for granted for years now. I remember when it rolled into the valley on a faddish wave of Cajun corn and blackened everything. The endurance of this one place tells you that something about it was more right than the other business that were claimed by time, recessions and the fickleness of the public.Whatever others might say, I think this place has about the best shrimp etouffe and dirty rice you're going to find in the valley. The central location and laid-back vibe are bonuses.
4	Authentic Cajun Food!  Who needs fancy when you can get real Gumbo, Jambalaya, Pooh Boys, Etouffee, Andouillee, etc.
4	OMG the shrimp etouffee. No really. OMG. SO delicious it's ridiculous. Went here the night of Fat Tuesday... so cliche I know. Got there about 5:30p. Place was packed of course. Hostess let us know the wait for a table would be about an hour and half but we could drink/eat at the bar in the meantime. Sold. Started out with a hurricane (it was Fat Tuesday after all) and it was pretty good. $5? Even better. Had an app at the bar, the crab cakes. Moist and delicious but super spicy. And I love spicy. But this was almost too much. Still, I would get it again. Yummy. After getting a table (yes, about an hour and half later), we ordered another app (hey, we'd been drinking for an hour and half!), the Lulu Wings. These were OK. The flavor was awesome, kind of a honey-Tabasco. But I thought they were a bit tough and dry, and I didn't like the fact that there wasn't a dipping sauce for them. Won't order them again. For dinner, we ordered a smorgasbord of food so we could try lots of things. I had the shrimp etouffee. See first line of this review. OMG... I was too full to try anything else at this point but the hubby liked everything he had (gumbo, red beans/rice, crawfish etouffee). p.s. the garlic bread that's served with everything is also delicious. Final verdict, unbelievable food and I can't wait to go back.  Especially so I can try the bread pudding.
4	Great crawfish on Wednesday-
3	There are not a lot of choices for Cajun food here in AZ, but it has been on my brain lately since it was just Mardi Gras, so I rounded up a group of friends to try it out on a Friday night.The inside is pretty casual, which is nice, I don't always feel like dressing up on a Friday after work.  We arrived at 7 pm and there was no wait for a table, but the restaurant was pretty much full, which is always a good sign.I had the Crawfish Etoufee and it was delicious!  It had lots of big chunks of crawfish and a nice punch of heat.  I ordered just the individual cup size and it was plenty of food, especially since they serve it with a basket of garlic bread.  We also tried the hushpuppies, which I don't have much experience with, I guess they were good?  The spinach artichoke dip was mediocre, and it came out with a pile of store bought tortilla chips, but the menu stated that it came with garlic bread.  We asked our server and he told us that they had been serving it with chips lately, but that he would bring us some bread.  The bread was better with the dip, but the dip was still nothing special and I wouldn't order it again.The service was fine, but the reason I had to knock this place down a star is because of the bathroom situation.  You literally have to walk into the kitchen to get to the bathroom!  You look to your right and you have the service counter where the food is waiting and then you look to your left and you are in the bathroom....it is so weird!  I was glad that I didn't have to use the bathroom until I was done eating!  Bathroom situation aside, I will probably be back when the Cajun craving strikes again....hopefully I will forget about the bathrooms by then!
4	In Phoenix on Spring break vacation, we found Baby Kay's by using the entertainment coupon book we bought to use while out there. They were in the front for fine dining, and had a great coupon deal, along with a sample menu. Everything on the sample menu sounded delish, and we very much like the spice of Cajun cooking. It was a little hard to find, although we were not at all familiar with the area. We had the wings as an app. and used the Louisiana gold hot sauce, something new to us that we are having trouble finding in Ohio since we fell in love with it there. The gumbo was outstanding, and even the alfredo pasta had a spice sprinkled on top for a Cajun style kick... it was unexpected, and awesome! Huge portions - that we both had plenty to take with us for a whole other left over meal. ... the prices were great, especially with the coupon (or actually the entertainment card that they punch for fine dining restaurants). Excellent staff- close to closing for the night, and welcomed us in, and didn't rush us at all - made sure we were happy with everything we ordered, very friendly! Definitely would recommend it for any one who likes a little Cajun kick, and something different from chain restaurants...
5	I have been coming here for years...through all the owners.  Always great food and the service is consistently good.  One of my top 5 places to eat in Phoenix.  Twin sisters own the place now and they know how to run a restaurant.
5	Best Cajun food in AZ hands down.  They serve all the usuals, etouffee, gumbo, jambalaya, etc. This is genuine stuff here. The jambalaya is the true rice dish. No tomato or noodles. Gumbo is the best! Cajun shrimp are great and worth getting more garlic bread to sop up the sauce with. Hushpuppies are a good alternative to fries the green olive coleslaw. The Boudin balls are worth trying if you've never had them.
4	Crawfish etouffee with garlic toast, a side of red beans and rice, a large carafe of iced tea, with key lime pie for dessert. That's what I had for lunch on Friday. I had forgotten how spicy Cajun food is and was only able to finish half of my meal, but the crawfish etouffee was G.U.D. good!Serena will take care of you!
2	Maybe it was an off day or something for this place..  Stopped in for lunch today, it's a Saturday.  Place is in a strip mall.  Decorations are something you would see in party city around Mardi Gras time, (pretty cheesy).  Service was nice and friendly.  Now lets get down to the food part of this.  I'm very hesitate to say but I must, it wasn't good.. Yes I've read the other reviews but I've been and lived in New Orleans and I have to say I don't think this should be called Cajun.  The flavors are so bland I couldn't taste any spice at all on anything.  Food seemed really dry like it might have been sitting awhile.My husband and I ordered the Boudin Balls for an app.  Now those were decent.  I ordered a Shrimp Po'boy, and my husband ordered the Jambalaya.  My shrimp Po'boy had old bread and was cut in half with 4 medium size shrimps on each half., sorry not enough shrimp for a sandwich that cost nearly 11 bucks at lunch.  The Remoulade sauce only had one flavor... Horseraddish, it was super strong and was awful.  So eh on the Po'boy, it came with a side of burnt homemade potato chips, ate like one and decided to pass on the plate of them.I felt really bad though looking at my husbands plate.  It was a stacked high rice dish with these shriveled up sausages thrown on the side of the dish.  I had a taste of his, first the rice... really dry.. Then I took a little bit of this beef jerky sausage, it was so dry and had no taste at all.  I told him he must dump hot sauce all over that dish because there is nothing going on there.  So yeah.. not sure if it's what we ordered or what, but Flavors of Louisiana is way better if your craving Cajun food in the valley.P.S.  My husband ordered Tea, it's wasn't Louisiana Tea, nor sweet as they make it in the south... would have been nice to have been given the option for sweet tea!
4	I'm a sucker for their sweet and spicy wings.
4	We tried out Baby Kay's to satisfy our craving for catfish and gumbo.  It's a casual atmosphere, the servers are friendly, and there was live music on a Thursday night.  Plus they serve Abita beer which always scores MAJOR POINTS with me.  The only con was the food came out pretty slow.  the service was great, but it was pretty busy and so maybe the kitchen was backed up.  The catfish po' boy was as good as it's going to get outside of NOLA - we'll definitely be back.
5	This is really one of my favorite places to get some good cajun food!  Their fried catfish is nice and crispy, their blackened catfish is juicy and spicy and their red beans and rice are quite tasty.  Let's talk about their gumbo....hmmm....hmmm... good!  They offer three different types: chicken and sausage, seafood and duck and sausage.  I really love the seafood gumbo, but don't sleep on the duck and sausage.  It has a different flavor, but it's wonderful.  If you're in Phoenix, you have to try this place.  You'll feel like you're in the Big Easy!!
2	I stopped in for lunch, had the 1/2 catfish Po'boy with the chicken and sausage gumbo, with chips. Did I ordered the wrong thing? Nothing really wrong here, the po'boy came out dry, just fried catfish and a bun, on the side they put the remoulade sauce, lettuce and tomato, so you basically have to make your own sandwich.... The remoulade sauce, which was the "make or break" piece to this dish, was really inedible, quite terrible... I've had some good, and some bad remoulade, this was the worst... it's definitely not supposed to taste like 90% horseradish!The gumbo was decent, however nothing special.. I really love good Cajun food, was really excited to try this place, sadly I will not be back.
2	Fair at best. I keep wishing for a great Creol/Cajun place here in town, but, sadly, have yet to find one that is good. The food lacked flavor and just was sort of eh. They need a recipe total overhaul/revamp and they'd be fine.
3	Went for restaurant week and I was uber excited to see a Cajun restaurant participating:) It wasn't a busy night yet we waited I felt a few long minutes for basic initial service (if lady says ill give u a min she means minutes as in plural as in more than a few lol)....the crawfish etouffee was delish as well as the Cajun shrimp cocktail, key lime pie, and bread pudding.  Not impressed with the dry jambalaya, crab cakes and sea food gumbo:(  If I'm in the area I might try again but not a place I would go out the way for.  My anticipation was more exciting than actual experience....it happens :)
5	Bad Ass Cajun.  Came in on a Friday and sat at the bar to get some Cajun fare.  I got the seafood gumbo and the half shrimp Po Boy.  Both were delish! Shrimp in both dishes was plump, juicy and that special crunchy fresh you dream of at night.  Sitting down at the bar, I talked to the tender and the guests.  Everybody was friendly and the tender even was calling me by name when I left.  I explained how much I liked the gumbo and she let me try the sausage and chicken gumbo on the house and it too was also a tasty classic gumbo delight.All in all this was a down home friendly, classically Cajun experience that is now one of my favorites.
2	I went there for lunch with my boyfriend. We are both cajun food fans. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip with crab. I ordered jambalaya, and he ordered the combination plate. They were all edible but not very pleasing to the palate. The  staff was nice, but the main entries took almost an hour to come out. It was pretty disappointing. I don't think I would come back.
5	My wife and I both love good Cajun food and Baby Kay's has always delivered. On our most recent visit I had the Crayfish Etouffee and my wife had the ribs, the ribs were very good, they have a excellent sauce but you can get good ribs at a lot of restaurants, Crayfish Etouffee on the other hand is almost impossible to find in Phoenix, AZ and it was as good as I've had in NOLA.  Their gumbo is excellent there are a  thousand small differences in gumbo recipes even in New Orleans LA and  Baby Kay's is exceptionally tasty. I gave it 5 stars just on food quality alone and you can get Turbo Dog on tap! Like they say in the Big Easy, "Let the good times roll!"
1	nothing to rave about this place.service was poor and the food was bad.I know, I shouldn't expect much on cajun food in phoenix. but I'm always up for an adventure.
5	Love it!  Fridays entree is pork chops- so amazing!  craw fish etoueffee- wow!
4	Came in around lunch time last week with my aunt and mother for a quick lunch and was happily surprised at their Check-In special of 15% off your order.Wow. Having been raised for awhile in the South, I was happily surprised! I ordered a oyster and catfish po'boy with remoulade sauce. The fish definitely seemed to be better quality, and wasn't too flaky but cooked the right way - in corn meal and yummyness. The oysters were divine, but I crave them all year long until those wondrous R months come along, so I never complain. The remoulade sauce was disturbing good. I normally hate horseradish, except in remoulade so was kinda skeptical if the taste would be overwhelming, but it wasn't an in-your-face sort of flavor, just that subtle oh-so-good burn.Mum and Aunt were overjoyed, but I wonder if that had something to do with the yummy-looking alcoholic beverages in front of us. Mum's only complaint was that she had eaten it all.Definitely a fan of Baby Kay's and will most certainly be back.
5	AWESOME Cajun.  Came in on a Saturday with my husband and sat at the bar to get some Cajun fare.  We got the seafood gumbo and the crab cakes. Both were delish! Shrimp in the soup was plump and juicy.  Sitting at the bar, we talked to the tender and the guests.  Everybody was friendly and the tender even was calling us by name when we left.  She made us great hurricanes too!  We will definitely return!
3	Lately, I've been on the hunt for a good shrimp po boy. I'm not sure if this compulsion was spurred by homesickness for New Orleans, the food challenge show featuring 2 famous NOLA po boy joints, or both but I've it seems the last few weekends I've found myself dreaming of that crusty bread "dressed" with lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and golden deep fried gulf shrimp. I happened to notice Baby K's one day and decided to try it out. To be honest, I wasn't even really that hungry but I wanted the po boy and I didn't know when or if I'd have the opportunity to go back to Town and Country mall any time in the near future. The inside was empty but they have a FrenchQuarter-esque patio complete with wrought iron fence. The bf and I both ordered the half pb with a cup of gumbo. I'm a bit of a gumbo snob bc I feel I can make it better than any restaurant can but theirs was really good! They had 3 different kinds which was nice and it was seasoned perfectly. There wasn't a bite that didn't have meat in and the broth was just right. The shrimp on the pb was succulent and almost tasted as if it was battered in beignet mix as the fried was light and airy. I didn't indulge in any libations but they do have Abita and a few other New Orleans beer classics. If I find myself in the area again I'd probably go back but this time I'm ordering a whole po boy!
5	Best shrimp po'boy in Arizona. Just like being in New Orleans! Great relaxed atmosphere and very friendly environment.
5	Brought a friend from Louisiana here.  She says that the crawfish etouffee here is the best she's had outside of Louisiana!
4	Conveniently located in the center of the East Valley and worth the trek from the West Valley, Baby Kay's does Cajun Cooking like it is done in restaurants and back yards from Houma to Bossier City!  This is true low country cooking, right here in The Valley of the Sun! If you are a Cajun you will know and appreciate all of the traditional cooking here.  I need not tell you what it tastes like, you grew up on this stuff.  If you are new to Cajun Fare, this is the BEST representation of Cajun food you will find anywhere west of the Sabine River.  Do not miss an opportunity to eat and drink here.  They have all of the standard beers and some Louisiana Specialties! Service is Great!Food is OUTSTANDING!Atmosphere is classic French Quarter!Bring a friend, bring a date, bring your family but most of all BRING YO SELF and have a hot bowl of Cajun Cookin!
3	I must first say that I am from cajun country (born and raised in Vermilion Parish, cher). So, I rarely try any "cajun" restaurants outside of south Louisiana. Places like Mimi's are as authentic to me as Taco Bell is to our south of the border friends. But, this place is close to hubby's office and I saw something I NEVER see on menus...BOUDIN. This got me excited. If they have boudin, they've got to be legit, right?The best thing was their crawfish etouffee. Hands down. They do use cream of mushroom soup in it. Depending on the recipe your momma uses, this may be "cheating." But, it was good. The shrimp poboy was good. I can't give a place 4 or 5 stars based on a poboy since that's pretty hard to screw up. And, you can get poboys at places like Bubba Gump and Lucille's. The gumbo was okay. But, I am biased and rarely like any gumbo as much as my own (even at restaurants back home). The boudin was terrible. Seriously, terrible. Even if you've never had real boudin, you won't like this. Maybe it was bad? It had the same flavor as some dressup lipstick I had as a kid. I had to spit it out in my napkin. I do like that they fly in crawfish. And, I like the decor. It's simple...just like many of the hole in the wall places I've enjoyed in Louisiana. I'd go back for a poboy or etouffee if I was in the area. But, wouldn't make a special trip for it.
2	Another Groupon Now Deal...I'm starting to see a trend with these...mediocre food.  I had the red beans and rice which came out warm...not hot.  My husband ordered the spicy fried chicken which was VERY crispy and the brown meat was tender and juice.  The breast, however, was dry and flavorless and needed to be brined before frying just to give it something.  I won't return.  I was barely worth the "deal" but I'm glad I tried it.
4	This place is pretty cool!  I had no idea this hidden gem was tucked away in a strip mall!  My friends and I opted for outdoor patio seating since it was such a nice evening out.  I recommend taking that route whenever possible.The food was great!  My friends and I opted for the sampler appetizer and a combo platter and the shrimp special for dinner.  DO NOT leave without having some sweet potato pie!  Everything tasted great!  I'd love to see some different wines on their menu - maybe a good Australian Sauv Blanc or some good white blends to pair with the spiciness of the food but the Melbec that we had was just fine.And I was impressed that one of the OWNERS was in the trenches working with the staff!  I forgot to mention my check-in deal when the check arrived but that's totally my fault.  I told the owner in the beginning of the meal and said I'd show her again when the check came.   Don't do that.I will definitely return - most likely with my Dad, he would like a place with such authentic Cajun food!
5	I must say I love this place. My family is originally from Mississippi and Alabama The first time i went was with my dad. but I have been there many times thereafter.  I love the location even thoe its a bit far from me. I feel it is well worth the drive. I stop by  by whenever i can my favorites are the BBQ  shrimp it has a sweet spicy sauce for the shrimp which is off set perfectly by the rice. I also love the oyster and shrimp po' boys they even let me do half and half one half of the po' boy oyster and the other half shrimp. I can never seem to make it to there desserts because i always get full first. But i have never been disappointed leaving Baby Kays.  There is always a good vibe there they have live music on the weekend . I think it can be a family spot or even a wonderful date spot either way just walking in gives me good vibes and makes me happy. I love the food, people,vibes, and even the shopping plaza its located it. I consider it to be a hidden gem of the desert.
5	OMG! This Cajun Kitchen ROCKED! I have spent plenty of time in New Orleans, LA and the thing I miss most is the food!This Cajun food is simply the best in AZ!Everything was authentic and oh sooo good!Not to mention, live music the Saturday night we were there.The service was top notch! Efficient, laid back, and she never missed a beat! Typical of NOLA service!The Etouffee & the bread pudding was the best!You could taste the bourbon sauce in the bread pudding, which melts in your mouth! It did have coconut in it which was a bit different for me.ALL in ALL I wish this place had a brunch.I definitely will be back
5	There was this little sandwich shop just around the corner from my office that had the most amazing chicken and sausage gumbo, plus a number of fine sandwiches.  But sadly they shut it down about a month ago and I've been at a loss for a good lunch place ever since.   Besides having some great lunch food, the owners and staff were fantastic and are missed.   HOWEVER, the owners also have another place that is doing great, and its Baby Kay's Cajun Kitchen.   So I drove the 10 minute drive and can't imagine why I waited until now to visit them.   The food was incredible, the menu has many more choices, and a dessert of bread pudding about put me into a food coma!    The gumbo is perfect every time, and the Shrimp Po'Boy was excellent with the horseradish sauce.   And it was sure nice to see both Heidi and Heather again!   I'll continue to miss their sandwich shop, but I will definitely be making the short drive over to Baby Kay's again.    Get there a little early, they had a line forming around noon, so lots of other people like the place too!
4	GREAT food. Skip the po boy (they're just decent) and get the combo :)  yum yum yumI felt like we were in NOLA again for a few minutes :)
5	Came here with a restaurant.com coupon, so worth it!We started off with delicious barbecue sliders, I had the Cajun combination of chicken jambalaya, chicken and sausage gumbo and an AMAZING crawfish andouille. My boyfriend tried the catfish po-boy and we finished it off with a bourbon sundae. The food was delicious, the service was great and they had decent live music. I will be going back soon!
2	Seafood gumbo - not very fresh, smelled of seafood, very murkyOyster poboy - mediocre, dried French bread, few strands of shredded lettuce, pickles and tomatoes on the sideService - we were the only ones there at about 4 p.m. The waitress appeared to be uninterested and vanished for awhile Hmm. I heard a little bit of buzz about this place. I definitely won't be coming back.
5	This is one of our favorite places. First, Everything on the menu is to die for. I get my usual, chicken gumbo with a side of brocolli, we have recently been getting our son the catfish sticks, I am not a catfish person, but wow! I help him eat them, if he lets me. ;) I could go on and on about the other fantastic favorites, We get treated so special there which is really nice. It feels like home. And our sons favorite thing is Dino, the music man. He isn't always there, but you can catch him at lunch or in the evenings starting around 6. That's a nice deal considering most place don't start music till 8, that's our kids bedtime.I highly recommend this place to anyone!!
5	I LOVE this place!  Great gumbo and delicious home made potato chips.  Lots of flavor and a perfect lunch spot.
5	I love this place. The chicken, andouille sausage Jambalaya is great. So is the crab or crawfish etouffee. Between March and June they have crawfish boils. get a couple of pounds as an appetizer and go to town on them. Dont forget to suck those heads!
4	Hushpuppies and gumbo!
4	I like Baby Kay's for a number of reasons1.Its locally owned2.Good patio3.Friendly Staff4.Exceptional happy hour deals.5.Great Food!I've had just about everything on the menu at one point or another and there isn't too much that will disappoint. The Gumbos and Jambalaya are delicious. The po boys are... Well, they're po boys. By their very nature they are just plain 'ol bread and seafood. Avoid the Shrimp Remoulade unless you REALLY, REALLY looooove horseradish and mayo.  The green olive slaw is fantastic and so are the hush puppies. Try the Lulu's wings if you like a spicy/sweet wing. The food overall is fantastic, comforting, well seasoned and filling.The staff is knowledgeable about the menu and willing to answer any questions you may have. They are always friendly and accommodating. Quick they are not. But the food is outstanding and everyone is always so nice, I don't care that my dining experience is usually a little slow.My boyfriend and I come here maybe once a month. Its in a great location and reasonably priced. Love this place.
5	I've been coming here for years...the best.  One of my favs is the lulu wings.
4	Great place, great food, great staff.I just had a chicken salad but my husband had the Jambalaya, he said it was the best he had ever had.Had the bread pouding for dessert..fantastic! We wil certainly return.
5	Looking for Cajun? Look no further. My favorites are the etufee and gumbo. I stopped in on a Friday night and had the pork chop special, it had to be the biggest and most tender chop I've had! For those of you looking for a classic dirty rice they took me back to a LA coonass swap party. The live guitar sole was a great addition for back ground music.
5	The best food in Phoenix. Any time I am the Valley I make sure to stop in. Really miss the place. Looking for something a little different? Give them a try you won't be disappointed.
4	Never really been a cajun fan but I have to say, this place totally changed my opinion on it!
5	Baby Kay's is the Real Deal!!! Great food, Great staff,Best crawfish etouffee around !! Their shirmp cocktail and the cocktail sauce will really make your eyes water but it's OHHH so good !!!
4	This has become one of my favorite local spots. I got take-out here once a year or so ago, but wanting to use our Entertainment book coupons, we came twice recently. We dined in the last two times and really enjoyed our meals. The service is attentive and friendly and the atmosphere is very chill and low-key. Last night (Thursday), there was a blues performer alternating between his violin and guitar. I have been to New Orleans many times and having lived in the Florida panhandle, I love, love LOVE, anything with crawfish. Boy, do they do it right with their crawfish etouffee! Fair warning that their food can be spicy but that is typical with that food genre. I have had their seafood gumbo (chunky, spicy goodness), jambalaya, fried catfish, fried shrimp....everything is very good. I particularly love their hushpuppies with the spicy remoulade sauce. You can tell it has a lot of horseradish in it, which I love. They also have great mixed drinks (my favorite is the Creamsicle) and they have a good selection of Louisiana beers. I honestly think this restaurant is a great representation of Cajun style food and feel lucky to have it my hood!
5	The jambalaya and seafood gumbo were excellent, and the prices were very reasonable.
2	After having such a phenomenal 2011 Thanksgiving from Baby Kay's, we were anticipating another wonderful experience this year.  We were greatly disappointed.  Our order included 2 turkeys, gravy, cole slaw, dressing, cranberries and dirty rice.  The difference between this year and last year was so great that we couldn't believe this was the same restaurant. Let me explain. The turkeys were good. They tasted the same. The dressing was okay but not as filled with nuts and flavor as last year. We had to add a lot of butter, chicken stock and nuts to make it tasty or even close to last year's savory decadence.  The cranberries lived up to last year's order. They were delicious. The cole slaw was a mason jar ($20) of mayo filled with 1/4 cabbage and 10 green olives minced. It should have been more like a salad and less like a mayo spread.  The dirty rice - last year was sticky long rain rice with many pieces of delicious nuggets of crumbly meat. This year it was white rice, similar to Uncle Ben's, loose and with barely any meat. Last but not least, the gravy. It was so burnt that we called the restaurant and returned it. Imagine eating burnt popcorn with flour, butter and Lawry's gravy seasoning and you'll understand. The second batch was only 40% burnt rather than 75% like the first order.    From the minute thanksgiving ended last year, our family was talking about the amazing meal. This continued to be the topic of conversation over the course of the year.  We were so excited to enjoy the flavorful, mouthwatering food again.   This year, with every bite, we became more and more disappointed.  We tried to understand why it was so different. The only explanation we could come up with is that the chef must have changed.  This meal was not worth $400.  If it was like last year, we could have been charged $800 and we would have been happy to pay for it.  Baby Kay's - I'm writing this email so that you will hopefully read this and go back to your former way of cooking.  Your food was so amazing that I want to give you the chance to go back to your old way of cooking. Please read this Baby Kay's.  I'm rooting for you!
2	I cannot recommend Baby Kay's. I've tried to like it but I am always disappointed by the food, despite others' aplomb. I'm from New Orleans and have dined at the Crescent City's fine Cajun and Creole restaurants, so I know what good Cajun and Creole food is. Unfortunately, Baby Kay's falls short of what good, classic Cajun and Creole food should be.I feel sad writing this review because I do not want people to be turned away from Cajun and Creole food, but I feel very sad that, for many people, Baby Kay's will be their only taste of the bayou.
5	Catfish Po'boy and crawfish etoufee lunch combo were outstanding!  We can't wait to come back!
5	Excellent Food! The shrimp etouffee was delicious, the green olive coleslaw was tasty, the garlic bread was fresh and hot, the catfish was quite possibly the best I ever had and the homemade bread pudding with whiskey sauce and pecans... just stunning. We asked for extra lemon and bread and they were there in less than a minute. This restaurant is a delight and one of my new favorites. I've been to New Orleans a number of times and this cajun restaurant met my expectations.Only complaint is $2.40 for a soda.
5	Fabulous food, great service, enjoyable live entertainment on a Wednesday night!!!! Great place for Cajun fare!!!
5	Delicious! the pork chop is to die for! definatly a hole in the wall, definatly worth it!
5	I love a good jambalaya, and this place really came through. The rice, chicken, and sausage were all delicious. Perfect amount of spiciness, and an amazing flavor.The dinner came with a small salad, and some good garlic bread. I'll definitely be back to try some gumbo and one of their desserts, maybe the bread pudding which is supposed to be amazing.
5	I ordered the Cajun Combination and it was AWESOME. If your close by you have to check this place out, if your not close by you need to make the time to go here!
4	The only time I ever had "cajun" food before I went to Baby Kay's last week was when I was at Disneyland...and I was not impressed with Disneyland's version of "cajun" (Sorry, Walt! Love the rest of the place). I went with three friends from work last week, and it was just fabulous all-around. I'm not a big fan of a lot of spice, but Baby Kay's does a good job not completely overwhelming their food with so much spice you can't taste anything but. I had the catfish with court bouillon sauce. The fish was definitely fresh, breaded with something heavenly and light, and you get a filet and a half...of the biggest catfish I've ever seen. There's spice in the breading, but it's SO good...the sauce is nice, too! When you go, you really need a Hurricane...oh, my! And if you like ice cream, go for the bourbon chocolate sundae dessert. I didn't even need the ice cream...the sauce was so good I could have eaten it by itself! Definitely a must-go-to place!
4	I'm here for happy hour prices can not be beat the shrimp cocktail is out of this world the cocktail sauce will make you sit up and take notice! Service was very lack luster the waitress was more interested in talking with men at the bar then seeing if I needed more ice tea...
4	My co-worker took me here and I'll forever love her for it. Best. Gumbo. EVER.And the garlic bread. And the shrimp cocktail. And the crawfish. I think I know what I'll be eating for lunch tomorrow. You should too!
2	my review is already biased from the start.  i've tried cajun cuisine about 3 times now and i'm not a huge fan.  i don't mind eating food with seasoning and some pepper.  but i don't like eating fire sauce in any of my food.  lol.well, i ordered the lunch special which was some type of chowder with jambalaya on the side.  the jambalaya was way too hot for my taste buds.  i was on fire.   and the chowder was just okay.the service was good but the food experience was just okay.  i really can't give the food a bad review because cajun is just not my cup of tea.
5	This is the go to place. When the group can't decide where to go for lunch this is the one place we can all agree on. Fun friendly service and really good food. Don't miss this if you are near the Biltmore. Make sure you try the green olive slaw!
2	Had lunch with my 6 year old on Friday, April 6.  I ordered the shrimp poboy and seafood gumbo.  Both were mediocre. Service was friendly but took a long time to get the food out and even longer to get the bill.  I had a local dines coupon so I thought I would try this place out.  My son ordered from the kids menu- chicken nugget with fries. The nugget were the dinosaur ones you buy at the store in the freezer bags and heat it up.  In my opinion, the quality of the kids menu/food should try to equal that of the adult.  If the kids menu is created to have one and serves frozen food then I could have fed my son at home.  Everything was mediocre.  I also ordered a togo 1/2 poboy and 1/2 gumbo combo for my husband.  He didn't think the food was that good either.  Even with the coupon,I spent out of pocket $25 on 2 adult lunch.  Pricey for mediocre food and service. Would not recommend this place.
3	Had the 1/2 po'boy and cup of gumbo. Delish! Slight bitterness in the gumbo, but mixed in a little of that mayo/horseraddish it made it great. Nice place for lunch, sat outside in the perfect March weather.
5	We love this place, the food is incredible but for me what's more important is that the staff treat you like family. When you walk in you feel welcomed and at home right away. The wait staff are super friendly and are always quick to offer any help or advice on the menu items.  The food is awesome especially the crayfish ettoufee!
4	i'm a former new orleanian, so i came in to this place a skeptic.the red beans and rice were outstanding. i wouldn't give it a 100%, but a solid 90. I'd be happier if there were cornbread and if they had crystal hot sauce. also, better rice to bean to sausage ratio (currently needs more rice and sausage, slightly less bean).i also had the boudin balls. they were good in and of themselves, but they were served with garlic bread (i don't think i was ever served garlic bread in a cajun restaurant during my years in nola) and some weird marmalade. i still have no idea what that marmalade was or why it was there, but again, the boudin itself was great.the hush puppies were also really good. the portions were giant, and i'd definitely go back time and time again.
5	One of my all time favorite places to meet up with friends.  I have been coming to Baby Kay's for several years now.  The staff is always friendly and accommodating.  The inside of the restaurant has an area for families or those with larger groups, a bar area in the back and an outside sitting area.  I don't like seafood, but their menu has a large enough variety of non-seafood items for me to choose from.  I have tried just about every non-seafood item they have to offer too.  My favorite entrees are the Pork Chop special with dirty rice and fettuccine with cream sauce and chicken.  And I must always get the Spinach and Artichoke appetizer as well.  As mentioned before, this is a New Orleans Cajun style restaurant, so be prepared for a little bit of spiciness.
2	Stopped in today for a early dinner. The service was good. Unlike other places, if a server was walking by and saw that you needed something, they took care of you even if it wasn't their table. Top notch.The food was mediocre. I've spent a lot of time in New Orleans and am very familiar with Creole cooking. I spent a week there in 2011 and had the opportunity to spend some time cooking with several of the local chefs. Baby Kay's red beans and rice is made with a common dark red kidney bean. While this bean has its uses, it is not the correct bean for red beans and rice. The correct bean is less common, smaller, lighter in color and makes a much creamier dish. It would be like tying to make RB&R with a pinto bean, It's just not the correct flavor or texture. The bean used in Creole country is Camellia brand. While even the Camellia brand calls itself a "red kidney bean" it is the correct bean and very different from a dark kidney bean. I know that's a lot about beans, but this is an important distinction. Baby Kay's RB&R were too thick and not the right texture. Also, the rice was overcooked and mushy. It seemed like they were trying to hide it under the beans. The seafood gumbo was just meh. It didn't have the richness you expect in a gumbo. It seems like they don't start their gumbo with a roux leading to a creole sauce. It was just a thin soup. Not the correct texture or flavor. Other than three shrimp which were properly cooked, but had no flavor, there were crayfish. Regarding the shrimp you really have to salt them heavily. These shrimp lacked seasoning. The crayfish were previously frozen and had a mushy texture. All in all not great. If a Cajun place can't get RB&R and gumbo right, there is no reason to try any of their other dishes.One last thing, if you want to taste proper RB&R, as strange as it sounds, head to Popeye's chicken. They are hands down the best RB&R in the city and win "best of" awards every year in New Orleans.
5	I guess its about time I reviewed Baby Kay's. Long overdue really.I come here quite often since I work across the street (so close we walk most of the time) and am lucky enough to be treated to lunch as a nice perk to my job.I've never had even a mediocre meal here. Its excellent every time, and spot on with the proper Cajun flavors.Dirty rice - excellentJambalaya - excellentGumbo - excellentCrawfish etouffee - OUTSTANDINGMy typical meal here is to get the Cajun Combo, which has a healthy "cup" of the bottom three on my list above. Even the potato salad and cole slaw are truly friggin fantastic.If you like Cajun food you must go here. If you haven't had it, get your butt to Baby Kay's and give it a try!Oh! and they have this hot sauce called "Louisiana Gold". Really great and goes awesome with their dishes. I put it (a lot!) on everything but the Divine etouffee.
4	Service was top notch, the wait staff was helpful. Love the atmosphere and location, great place to arrive early and walk around or just relax on the outdoor area before your meal. There is a cigar shop a few doors down great place to grab a cigar before or after your meal but thats a whole other review. The food is authentic you'd feel like you were on the gulf coast or perhaps even in New Orleans. I had ordered the Crawfish Etoufee creamy and served on rice in case you're not familiar with the entree.  Very well done and had the right amount of spice and flavoring wasn't too spicy  or hot (heat). You definitely cannot go wrong with this place if you're taking out of town guest there or business clients.
4	Came to this restaurant after finding it by mistake.  What a quaint little place...more quiet actually in the  bar area...at least on a Tuesday.  Food was good, prices not so bad.  We had an appetizer sampler, the reason it's CAJUN...hot and spicy most of it.  I LOVED the crabcake so much i ordered the "Seafood burger".  It was FABULOUS.  My husband had the beef Po'Boy, not bad he says.  The Live music was a nice touch, not too loud, and better than the same ol same ol you get at other restaurants.  My only complaint...not complaint really just strange..was going into the kitchen to use the restroom.
5	Seafood etouffee, gumbo, jambalaya and the Baby Kay's Seafood Appetizer plate ...  YUM!!!  We got a great bottle of wine on special for $18.  The waiter, Nick, was fantastic and I wish I lived closer so I could come more often.  They are moving to a new location and will be closed after Aug 31 until Nov sometime.
5	UPDATE!! - Baby Kays is closing at their current location effective 8/31/13. Their A-HOLE landlord of 20 years did not even give them a chance to renew their lease. Instead the landlord just signed with a different restaurant and gave my beloved 60 days notice to vacate!Anyway, the new location will open at the old Richardson's location on 16th Street and Bethany sometime in November. You can follow their facebook page for updates or stop in and they will take down your email address and email you updates.Enjoy. You betta go get some etouffee while you can!!!Had it yet again today. As good as ever. YUM.
2	I've been to Baby Kay's three times. The first time was probably about eight years ago, and I honestly can't remember what I ate or any details so it can essentially be ignored. The most recent visits were about a month apart and the last was today. The food is okay, but extremely overpriced and underflavored. The red beans and "rice" dish, w/andouille for an extra $1, is essentially a plate of beans with about two tablespoons' worth of white rice, plus about an ounce of their green olive coleslaw. Ok, it -was- reasonably spicy but should have been no more than about six bucks because what it really equated to was an appetizer as far as I'm concerned, and the amount of beans grossly outweighed the amount of rice. Their special today was 8 fried shrimp with dirty rice crawfish etouffee and one side. I got the coleslaw again. The amount of food, for $14, was pitiful - a half serving, essentially. And this time the flavor was just totally lacking. The full crawfish etouffee dish price is $19 which is murderously expensive and as I discovered today it just doesn't have much flavour. The dirty rice had what appeared to be minced beef in it and was light on the pepper. Even the garlic bread wasn't any better than I could have made myself with a cheap baguette from Fry's, butter and some chopped fresh garlic. I know everyone's been fapping on about authentic flavour here, but if that's what this is then I much prefer Pappadeaux. Save your money - there's no value to be had in this restaurant.Edit 20130902: Tonight my wife made a simple meal of a packet of store-bought Tony Chachere jambalaya with some chopped up polska kielbasa sausage in it. It was delicious. Taste buds still working - check.
5	Being that I am a New Orleans native, this is by far the most authentic Cajun food i have found in the valley. The wait staff is always friendly and even remember me most of the time. They serve a lot of New Orleans drinks including Abita beer. The seafood gumbo is awesome! For lunch you can get a half poboy and a cup of soup which is the perfect lunch portion. I tell anyone that asks me about finding good Cajun food to go to Baby Kay's. Can't wait until their new location opens.
4	What? I never reviewed Baby Kay's? unbelievable!Well, there is not much I can say because every time we go there we end up ordering the same thing! haha...And that is the Cajun combination: Chicken Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffee, Chicken, and Sausage Jambalaya, cup of each. It comes with a side, I always get the cole slaw (which I love, it has green olives) and hubby always gets the potato salad, which he also loves.I just checked their site and it says they are hoping to reopen on 2/2014 on the new location. Counting the days!
4	I have been there twice and enjoyed the food both times. First time there I had the Shrimp Boil. VERY Cajun (spicy) but very good. Second visit I had the Crawfish Boil which was excellent. The other person in my party had the Crawfish Etoufee which he said was very good. The service is a little slow but all the wait staff is very friendly.
5	Good God almighty!! Look I've had a lot of catfish in my time, but this is hands dooowwwwnnnn the best I've ever had. Then, then there's the bread pudding.....I mean this is a religious experience. Man if you're looking for REAL CAJUN down home cooking you need to get to this place now. Hey QUIT reading this and go man go.
