2	Dos estrellas.My review has been fed into Yahoo! Babelfish Text Translation...twice.  First English to Spanish, then Spanish to English:Not more than two stars. It ate the tacos of fish, #6. combined. The fish was exaggerated and oily and now I have a pain the belly. The rice was good, the beans was hardly acceptable. My daughter ate enchilada of the cheese. She was just very well also. My wife had kidney beans of the rice and the swindle of the flutes. Once again two to star worthy. Moreno' s does not come until now near my hole preferred in the Mexican restaurant of the wall, Mess orderly from in the boulevard of the chandler hardly to the east of the 10. Grieved, as soon as can' t recommends east place.The original:No more than two stars.  I had fish tacos, combo #6.  The fish was overdone and oily and now I have a tummy ache.  The rice was good, the beans were just ok.My daughter had a cheese enchilada.  It was just ok as well.  My wife had flautas con arroz y frijoles.  Again, two star worthy.  Moreno's does not come close to my favorite hole in the wall Mexican restaurant so far, El Ranchero on Chandler Boulevard just east of the 10.Sorry, just can't recommend this place
3	Well, it is what it is. A small mexican restruant with quick service and sub par food.  But today, I did have a little hidden treat not many people may know about.  Try the hot dogs....So the menu is in Spanish, but I heard the hot dogs are good.  I order two and have a coke.  Price is great.  I go and sit down, and wait.... and wait.... and wait.  Finally I ask and oops, we forgot your order cause it was busy. OK, besides the 20 minute delay, nothing wrong with this place at all.  Very cozy actually.  And the hot dogs were solid! A little bigger than a regular dog, the jalepino relish was a surprisingly good topper. PLUS they serve Mexican coke in the bottles which for the unknowing means pure cane sugar.The rest of the food I don't know about. I'll have to write an update on that.  But as far as the hot dogs go, A-Ok by me.
4	The Tortas were great, we had the Adobada, so were the chicken tacos, I had 2. But the real suprise were the hot dogs. Never have I seen them prepared in such a fashion, they look as great as they taste. ask for them with the works. I will be back.
4	I was torn between a 3 and a 4 star but I thought I would be generous. This place or should I say the Sonora Hot Dogs came highly recommended. It is a little hole in the wall Mexican joint that looks like an old Taco Bell. The counter girl was friendly and cheerful. I had 2 hot dogs, an asada taco, and a bottle of coke. What the hell it's a new and a new budget for calories, right!!!!! The dogs where really good and different, nice twist, really love the bun. This thing is filled with bacon, beans, mild peppers, cheese, mustard, mayo, oh and a hot dog. Oh, I should not forget the say the the dog is on special Thursdays.
3	Why do you go to Moreno's?  For a sonoran hot dog, that's why.  They have a hot dog on their sign for a reason and if you go there without getting one, well... that is just wack.  Up until recently I spent a lot of time in that neighborhood and always drove by the previous establishment Soul in the Hole (soul food) and always thought I should try it.  Never did, and it went belly-up.  I wasn't going to make the mistake with Moreno's.  I always wanted to go when the hot dog cart was active.  I grew up in NJ/NY and we sure love our dogs from a cart.The Sonoran dog is like a Chicago dog in the way they desperately try to cover up and hide the actual dog!  Both are closer to a pig-in-a-blanket than they are a traditional dog.  They also are in the habit of blowing out the bottom of the bun.  In those respects, I cannot consider it the best in the hot dog genre.  However, it is awesomely delicious!  Not exactly sure what is on the thing but I like it.  Don't judge a hot dog joint on tacos, that's like judging a steakhouse by having fish.  They have a hotdog caballero on their sign people!  Do the smart thing and chomp down on a tasty Sonoran Dog.  They opened a 2nd location in Tempe which will be my new base for Sonoran dogs.  I have not seen the cart at that one which saddens me but when I'm craving one, I'll make the sacrifice.
2	Pretty average place. Small menu. Nothing too exciting. I totally missed the Sonoran Hot Dog until after I had ordered, so I may goo back and give it a try.We had the flautas and fish tacos. Both came with refried beans and rice. Just unimpressive all around. The beans and rice didn't taste very fresh. Not terrible, just cheap. Same with the guacamole.One thing did shine, though. The chips and salsa were great. They give you a huge plate of chips and a tub of salsa. The chips taste homemade and were lightly salted, just right.. The salsa was excellent. Great kick! A little on the watery side, but hard to complain when it's so good.Unless you just have to have a Sonoran Hot Dog, I'd say you can skip this place.
4	I am lucky enough to work with a few guys who are always in search of the best places to eat Mexican food, and thanks to my co-workers I have found Moreno's.This small taco shop has become a regular spot for me, especially on Wednesday's when it is 99 cent taco day. Their Carne Asada tacos are absolute perfection. The Carne Asada is so flavorful and tasty, with onions, cabbage and cilantro. They are on perfect little flour tortillas, very thin so they double them up. Also don't forget to swing by the condiment bar and get some of their guac sauce, as I like to call it. A really refreshing Avocado sauce, with great flavor.Their Tortas, and Sonoran hot dogs are really good too!If you're ever around, stop by Moreno's, I usually get mine to go!
4	Moreno's is known for their Sonoran Hot Dogs and because they're good I'm recommending the place.  I got some for 2 guys who are from Sonora and they said they're pretty authentic and yummy.  To get the full experience it is better when the guy is outside with the hot dog cart, but if he's not it's still good.  You purchase the Sonoran dog inside, they'll give you a ticket stub, then you give it to the guy outside and he makes the hot dog.  It's a good place to go if you want to try something different and have a craving for Mexican food.  Warning: the hot dog is a little too spicy for little kids because of the pepper that is included.On my trips I also have their green chile burro.  My only problem with that is I'm not used to having beans in a green chile burro, however, it is tasty and it has good green chile flavor.  I've also tried their asada caramelo (beef stuffed cheese crisp) and it was slightly greasy.  The ones in Tucson are better. The other reviews touched on other items on the menu.  The place is kid friendly and it's a great place to have a Manzanita (Apple Soda) or Aqua Fresca with your food.
4	Ah Moreno's...Let me tell you a little story about my first Sonoran HotDog..I was watching over my mother-in-law one night after she recently had surgery.  My wife came to relieve me, and I thought that I'd pick up something quick for her to eat before I went home.Usually, if I can't decide what to eat, I drive around until something strikes my fancy.  I drove passed Moreno's, and I did a "double take".  I noticed there was a hotdog stand in the front and I thought it was a peculiar thing to have in front of a Mexican restaurant.  It really peaked my interest.I decided to give it a shot.I ordered 2 hotdogs and the guy asked me: "Todo?"  I guess it means "With everything?"  (I say that because I'm Filipino, and I'm often mistaken for being Mexican, Samoan, Hawaiian, Japanese, and a few other races.)  The guy really didn't speak much English, but in a Mexican restaurant, I wouldn't want it any other way.  Ok.. back to my story... He asked me:  "Todo?"  and I said "Sure.", not knowing what was that entailed.  He put the hotdog in a bun and started stacking layer after layer of condiments on it.  The level of artistry and proficiency this guy displayed when making this hotdog was astounding.  I was a newbie to Sonoran style hotdogs and looking at that thing was just too much for my mind to comprehend.I took the dogs back to my wife.  Her and my-mother-in law took a look at them and had the same look on their faces as I did.  I said my goodbyes and left to go home.  Half-way home, I get a call from my wife.  She's raving about how good those hotdogs were and asked me to go back to Moreno's to pick up 8 more.  Apparently, they liked them so much, that they called her aunt and brother to come over to try a couple.  I thought, "What the hell... I'll try a couple."  You never forget your first bite of a Sonoran Hotdog from Moreno's.  There's something magical about it, sort of like your first sexual experience.We usually get our share of family and friends visiting from out-of-state, and Sonoran Hotdogs have been a sure-fire hit with EVERYONE we bring to  Moreno's.To this day, I randomly receive text messages from friends and family to the effect of  "I'm craving those Mexican style hotdogs."  You'll crave these hotdogs like a crack-fiend.Anyways..  they also have pretty good tacos.  Go there on a Wednesday,  they have $1 tacos that day.I believe the Sonoran Hotdogs are $1.95 on Thursdays.Try the pineapple drink they have at the counter.  It is very refreshing.Happy eating!
5	This is one of my favorite places.....when I arrive in AZ around 10pm and have a desire for mexican comfort food....I head for this place and get 4 tacos of carne asada, corn tortilla with everything. Then get some salsa and a glass of horchata and i head home for a delicious feast!!!I
4	I watched the Sonorian Hot Dog  throw down in Tucson on the travel channel and was craving a sonorian dog.  There happened to be one right around the corner from us so we decided to try it.  Surprisingly the Sonorian Hot Dog at Moreno's was very good!  $3 worth of goodness!  It's a must try, I'll definitely be back.
3	If the owner of this restaurant is reading this PLEASE LISTEN.  The food is fabulous, for the most part. Anyone wanting to go, try the crab relleno. It's awesome. The shrimp and mango quesadillas, amazing. I love the fish tacos as well. I have heard good things about the hot dog as well. Here are the bad things, and these things may deter me in the future. 1. There are too many servers and they all visit the table at some point. It's confusing for both the customer and the server.2. The chips are gross. Bland and dry. 3. You CHARGE for extra chips. I have never seen a mexican food restaurant do that. If you are that strapped, change something about your cost structure. How much does that extra basket cost you, 50 cents? Come on now.That's it... change these things and it would be a great place to eat.
3	I haven't ate enough here to give a full on review of my opinion here. :(But what i can tell you is that the carne asada tacos and their green Guac sauce is beyond amazing!*I will post an update when i eat more from here. STAY TUNED :)
4	Its 11:30 on Friday night and had to go pick daughter up from her job, and we started talking and she said she was starving, and I said ME TOO buy me some food,,,yea she just got paid LOL we were in the mood for something spicy (but that's a normal thing for us) and she said Mom you should try Moreno's, now I have driven past it many of times and never gave it any thought. So I said well since your buying I can't be choosey right? So we went to Morenos, now I don't know when this place closes, but let me tell you at 11:30 is was still poppin, we went inside and placed our order, I got the carne asada burrito enchilada style and a big bottle of sprite, my daughter got a bean n cheese burrito and a fresa (strawberry drink that sort of like strawberry milk). We were taking the food to go, so I loaded up on the salsa and wanted to try the green guac sauce, man glad I did, that guac sauce was delish, mad that I didn't get more LOL We got our food and was headed out, but I swung by the guy grilling dogs outside, man they looked and smelled so good gonna have to try one of them next time! For a late night snack or grub this is the place to go, the food was great, the service was friendly and fast and the place has a nice vibe to it. ...
2	I don't know how anyone could possibly give this place four stars.  Yes, the hot dogs are definitely four star worthy.  But the rest of the food only earns one star.  So, I guess that averages out to about two and a half.  I'll go ahead and round down due to the dirty tables and sketchy parking lot.  And can someone explain to me how they can afford five flat screen TVs just to display the menu but they still serve their food on styrofoam plates with plastic forks?  I don't get it.
3	Not bad for a Sonoran Dog place outside of Tucson, but nothing compared to real Sonoran dogs down south.Rest of the menu is good and tasty, but lacks some of the true sonoran flavors.But it is some of the most authentic in the Valley.
4	I kinda feel sad about the two (2) star reviews, because this place is really good. I avoided this place for 3 1/2 years now (as long as it's been here) because it looked a little sketchy from the outside and I thought it was just one of those gross Mexican food places to eat at. I now find myself kicking myself. The hot dog cart is outside the entrance and all you have to do is go in and pay for your dog inside and they give you a ticket that you show the man outside to order. $3 for a pretty decent Sonoran dog grilled on a griddle, wrapped in Mesquite-smoked bacon, topped with chopped tomatoes, onions, shredded yellow or cotijo cheese, tomatillo salsa or red chili sauce, pinto beans, mayonnaise, ketchup and/or mustard, and served on a bun with a fresh-roasted chili. Oddly enough, I liked that the menus are on five different flat screen tv's. The Carne Asada burrito was phenomenal, way better than any other Mexican fast food restaurant. The salsas were tasty which is something that is very important since I always start the meal by drinking some salsa. If it is good, then the restaurant is good. Smoked chile and garlic salsa is always welcome! The green guacamole sauce is great!The tortillas are super soft and the beans were homemade, nice texture and flavor. I still prefer the rice at La Tolteca (but hey, no one can compete with that place) but it was still moist and flavorful. They seemed to have a lot of employees working here for such a small place but that's a good thing because the place was very clean and they brought our food to us.
4	Nice and clean inside. Fast and friendly service. I love the sonoran hot dogs. I've never had them anywhere else before so I'm not sure how they measure up to other places but there pretty darn grub at Moreno's. I've had the burritos, tacos (fish, chicken and carne asada) and vampiros and love them every time. Salsa is delicious too. I recommend this place for sure.
4	I like this place. I've been here twice now with the wife. And both times we really liked the food. Elmer's is pretty much right next door. This place seems much cleaner, organized and professional. They have great tortas too. They have Sonoran hot dogs here... Fair warning...I've never had the original from Tucson...but these babies are pretty good with everything on them.
4	Oddly enough, I was craving a Sonoran Hot Dog last night so I decided to give this place a try. Just as the Yelpers before me stated; to order a dog you go inside and pay then give your ticket to the hot dog cart guy in front, super easy process! The Sonoran Dog was all and more than I could've imagine. I had mine with everything! All of the toppings and condiments seemed to harmoniously work together. If you plan on eating this in the car I recommend getting a fork because the bun can easily tear since it's steamed. It was so good that next time I'll probably get two. For those of you who are worried about this being dive, give it a try I promise you'll like it. Both the cart and the actual restaurant were very clean. Heck the inside even had the menus on flat screen TV's.
4	Awesome place, the hot dog is awesome. I also tried the carne asada burrito and it was great.
3	I consider myself a regular at Morenos (Chandler) since its opened. Never really thought much about writing a review until recently. I've tried menudo at several different places in Chandler and was really disappointed until Morenos opened. Now the problem , too me it has really dropped in quality. I've notice the past few months it has been a bit greasy (too much fat not trimmed) and the broth a little too thick. Its almost a lot like the menudo at Food City, greasy and not enjoyable. I live two minutes from Morenos and may be looking for a new place to purchase my Menudo or just make it myself. One other thing, I ordered a chili verde yesterday and was so disappointed! Strong taste of vinegar was overwhelming. I like this place for a lot of reasons, but it seems to be going down in their food quality. New cook?
5	You got to love the food..........................Only strike, and it's not enuff to take a star off.....too much butter  on cheese crisp and greasy tacos....But this place is legit.
4	I am very familiar with la frontera Sonora and the dudes down there that came up with this unbelievably simple delicacy known to all those lucky enough to have enjoyed what we call the hot dog estilo Sonora. I'll put down 4 of these darn things in one sitting runny green avocado sauce, lime, hot sauce, beens and bacon covering about 40 % of my body before I am done taking my last bite.  They make em good down south and almost as good at one of the 3 Morenos locations. The fresh baked rolls they use are to morir for. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because they are expensive as hell in relation to their equal south of the border.
5	They have stopped using multiple servers for each table and the chips are much better than they used to be. They may charge for more bean dip... I cant remember but the salsa and chips are unlimited. Great improvement! Great place to grab lunch.
5	I love this place..I tried it because I went to its other location in Queen Creek and decided to give this one a try too. LOVE IT! Their hotdogs and tacos are to die for!  Its a small place but clean and I also really like their ceviche tostadas, they are really refreshing on a hot sunny day. Its pretty good.
4	Five stars for the food. Four stars for the price. Three stars for the Mexican music. Average 4 stars!!!
4	Really yummy lunch today.,it was my first visit, and the place was so clean! Everything looked really fresh, and all the hot sauces were delicious. I ordered a burrito, and loved it. Will come again!
5	Loved this place! Clean cozy and delicious. Our group tried tacos burritos and quesadilla - pork chicken & Carne Asada. The best! Can't wait to go back!
3	It was good....had the sonoran dog...well average. I had better hot dogs at costco. The tacos were good. Not much of a memorable place plus it is very small.
5	Everything I have got their has been awesome and their fish tacos are the best iv'e every had.
3	This place is pretty good for what it serves which is border-town Mexican fast-food (tacos, burritos, caramelos, etc).  The pricing is really good and the portions for what I've ordered are also good, granted I have ordered 3 types of items from their menu (caramelos, Sonora Dogs, and tacos), so I can't speak for their other dishes (burritos, etc).Their staff is always friendly and quick; the gal at the counter seems like she's the Manager and she speaks both fluent English and Spanish and interacts with everyone in a welcoming manner... she and her staff make it a pleasant experience.My favorite thing to get here.. when I'm up for something naughty to eat.. is the carne asada cramelo, small.. it's perfectly sized and I really enjoy the combo of buttered tortilla with cheese and well-seasoned beef inside.You might be asking - "so why only 3 stars?"  Well, considering that I only eat here when I'm partially inebriated or hung-over... or have a hankering for a greasy, fatty, low-quality food... well, that sums it up.  The meat quality is pretty low, especially their Sonora Dogs which tase basically like FUD brand weiners that are made with every decomposable body part of the pig and or other creature.  But it's cheap, so what do you expect.  I guess I justify eating meat here with "I don't come that often".
3	The food is very good, the service not so much.
4	Had Lengua taco. It was good but tiny. Girlfriend's taco was also tiny, she said smallest tacos she has ever seen. However, the Sonora Dogs were great. They have extra sauce and sliced pork or other meat, great combo. Very messy and great. The other customers had big portions, so tacos only item appears to be small. Would definitely come back, especially for the sonora dog.
4	Love this place.  Cheap but super tasty dive!  Carne Asada is yummy.   Packed on Saturday night.  Need outdoor seating.  Have not had one of the Sonoran hot dogs, but will some day.
5	Had one of their Sonoran hot dogs last weekend.  OMG!  It was fantastic!  The ingredients don't seem like they should go well together, but was awesome!  Good thing this place isn't closer to my house.
4	Today we decided to give Moreno's a try and had our first Sonoran hot dogs! In case you're like us and have never had one, it's a hot dog wrapped in bacon which was topped with chopped tomato, onions, pinto beans, salsa, chilies, ketchup, mustard, and mayo all nestled into a light as air, fluffy bun. We both really enjoyed them! Also I'm really big on having house made chips and salsa so we got a side of that so I could give it a try. The salsa was great! Nice texture, flavor and spiciness. However the chips were...eh. I wish they made them from scratch or at least bought better quality, more authentic chips. These reminded me of something you would find at any grocery store. The place was clean and festive inside, and the staff were friendly enough. We'll go back so we can try some of their other items.
4	I have driven by this place many times and never once thought about stopping in.  That was until the other day someone at work had recommended this place.  Thank goodness for that recommendation.The Sonoran dog is a must have.  Good ole Mexican street-style comfort food.  I had 2 but could of just as easily had 1.  This dog was piled high with pinto beans, bacon, pico de gallo, ketchup, mayo, mustard and all contained within a soft bun.  I'd be surprised if someone could eat one of these and not spill something.I also had some chips and different salsas from the salsa bar.  Good chips and tasty salsas.  My only complaint was that the chips were a little too salty for me.  But I'm one who does not care for a lot of salt.I was pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed it.  The street-style tacos looked great and also had heard their tortas are wonderful too.  I'll save that for my next trip.
5	my absolute favorite place to get carne asada tacos! So yummy! Go on wednesdays for $1 tacos! The cabeza tacos are also really good. You have to get a sonoran dog also! I get mine with sour cream instead on mayonnaise because a drizzle of mayo doesn't look or taste that appealing to me. If you have room for dessert the fried ice cream is sinful! Cinnamon-y and sugary and all kinds of goodness! Fairly priced and if my boyfriend didn't make me stop I would eat tacos until I exploded! The only downside to this place is the size. It's a bit small and gets really cramped around lunch time (you're lucky if you find a table) but hey I don't care, as long as I can get my food, I'm good
5	Food is great , i like their enchiladas and hot dogs No he probado mejores hot dogs que los de moreno's  :D
4	I have not ordered one thing here I didn't like. Some of my favorites I order are the pastor tacos, Burritos are big, shrimp cocktail, menudo, and love the fried ice cream. I enjoy the fruit drinks they serve fresh. The staff is friendly and keeps the place clean. The pace is small so it gets full fast and not many seats.  Next time I would like to try the hot dogs here and see if its as good as they look. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is I think it's to pricey for hole in the wall Mexican food. If you are thinking of trying it I believe you will be happy you did.
5	Spanish food to me has to be fresh with flavor. I went to Moreno's by chance one day with a group of friends/family. I ordered 2 small tamales and found myself wanting more so I ordered 2 more tamales and was impressed by the flavors colliding inside my mouth. I've been to their Mesa restaurant and had the same experience when I ordered their chicken tacos and was blown away. Their food is delish and their price very reasonable. Love the atmosphere and their employees are clean and professional. Two thumbs up!
4	Awesome Sonoran dogs and street tacos!
4	This is my kind of Mexican restaurant.  Yes it's a dive.  Yes you order at the counter and your food arrives on a paper plate.  But, the food is so unbelievable.  They are a sweet Mexican family and their sauces, tortillas, beans, etc. are just delicious.  I have found that the best Mexican food is generally found in a dive and this is no exception.  But if you really like good Mexican food where the beans don't taste like they do at every other Mexican restaurant and you like high quality meat and cheese, give this dump a try.  I went once and now I'm an addict.  FYI, I wouldn't change the decor one bit!
5	To define a genuine Mexican street food is often to associate grease and fat over flavor, at least that's what I've been told by some of my dear Hispanic friends. This fast food joint elevates street comfort food to the next level, and by that, I mean favoring flavor over the mouthfeel of grease and fat.First off, their seasoning and marinate on the cooked meat distract the tastebuds from the greasy aftertaste it leaves on the mouth, then reinforce them with the freshest vegies and tasty salsas, plus a sprinkle of lime, and there you have an explosion of flavor that makes me want to thank the Virgen de Guadalupe for being on the corner street a few blocks from where I go to church.Lengua, lengua, lengua, try this taco and i'm telling you your tongue will be smiling in a magic carpet ride. The Soles can Chili Verde is a kickstart favorite too. For culinary delight in layers, I recommend the highly advertised Sonoran hotdogs, but please please don't eat it like you are in a hotdog eating contest - remember remember to satiate them in layers. Now to cap it off, wash all the goodness with their agua fresca, horchata or strawberry, is spot on delicioso.
2	I am from California and there is plenty of quality Mexican food joints. So i have a good idea what good Mexican food tastes like... From the minute i stepped into this place i was not impressed.The kid at the front register was a bit douchy for my liking... He must have mistaken me for Latino because he laughed when i said i wanted a steak torta! Steak translates to asada kid use your brain and again laughed at the way i said jarritos... get over yourself kid and take my order. like i said above he was just kinda douchy!Ordered a steak torta and a small cheese quesedilla.... the torta was mostly bread and lacking in meat... the meat was tasty but just not enough of it.. the sandwich was all bread filler....  bread was good but i didnt pay for a breadwhich! haquesedilla was standard fare; small and greasy... The salsa bar was ok but i mean maybe you guys can label the fucking salsa? All in all if i was visiting arizona gain i would not come back to this place.
5	Best Tacos in Phoenix.  If you want better you have to go all the way to Tucson to BK Hotdogs.  I looked and looked for something similar in Phoenix and always came up disappointed.  Not here. the Carne Asada has that smokey flavor and it's just on point. The caramelo is really good as well.  The have Sonoran Dogs but for some reason the city does not let them wrap the dogs in bacon.  So it does taste different.  If you want Sonoran dogs go to Nogales Hot Dog stand.  if you want best tacos go to this place. Hands down Legit.
5	I don't know why this place only has 4stars... Their carne asada tacos are YUMMMYTheir beans must be made with crack, because I can't get enough...Their hot dogs??? Are insanely good Mexican-style! My nana looooves their Lengua tacos... I'm too scared to try them, but if your adventurous enough...Their condiment section is full of goodies... There is this creamy avocado sauce that will cool off any really spicy dish. They even give cucumbers which are a healthier chip... And so much more.Wash it all down with a glass of delicious and not-so-grainy Horchata and you are all set!!
2	Was looking for some good carne asada tacos, thought I'd yelp a place close to home.Found this place and UGH, so disappointed. I should have known it was to good to be true when I saw how much the tacos were. But decided to give it a try anyway. When our tacos came they were a little bigger than a half dollar coin. The meat didn't have any flavor, and ALL the salsas they offered were MILD. MILD! I couldn't believe it. I asked the girl putting more limes at the salsa bar which salsa I should use for the tacos she says "I don't know, I don't like any of them." WTF!? Are you serious??? I ended up just using the Tapatio at the table to get any kind of heat or flavor in my tacos.If your looking for good tacos, your better off at a Sonoran hot dog/ taco truck in Phoenix. Will not be going back here again.
4	Awesome grilled pork tacos, the beef ones are good to, but they can be on the fatty side most times. chicken delicious as well, but to me it doesn't top the pork. great salsa bar at every moreno's and awesome service. food always is hot and come out quickly. i love the horchata as well. i come here for a quick pit stop taco craving all the time!
5	The carne asada tacos are amazing and inexpensive. The bean and cheese burrito was great, their beans are phenomenal, and the salsa is very tasty! Will definitely be going again!!
1	Well I just had to update my review of Moreno's in Central Chandler. Since I live so close to this location and the food has never been a real problem I continue to patronize this business. Recently I been very frustrated with the gals that take orders, especially phone orders. It ranges from being placed on order for a extended time periods to having to repeat my order several times.  Yesterday I  called in another for menudo and had go over my order three times. Now just this morning I called to place an order and was placed on hold three times before my call was taken (I said don't place me back on hold). because of previous problems with phone orders I was careful to have them repeat my order. I was told it would be about ten minutes. I did a few things around the house before leaving. Since I live a block away I figured after 15 minutes of placing my order it would be ready. When I walked in it was not busy. I walked up to pay for my order and it seems the help they have do not have a grasp of what they are doing. The young lady who help me took my money then walked away to take out orders to customers sitting in the dining area. Then she took two orders for walk in customers and actually served their menudo before my call order was filled. Twenty five minutes after I called in my order still nothing. Several customers who walked in after me placed their orders and served. I finally got her attention and asked about my order she asked what was my order. I said you took my money and don't know my order.  She just looked at me. She finally turned around to the food window got my order which was there the whole time. Now it get home only to discover my chorizo breakfast burrito was a bacon breakfast burrito! UNBELIEVABLE!  Nothing else to say!!!!!
4	Good food and good selection I enjoy going when I am  in the area.
5	Thank you Morenos!  Not only did we have a wonderful lunch (the baja tacos and chile verde were especially good!), but the staff located my forgotten purse and held it for me until I was able to return.  Great food, excellent staff, we are your newest loyal customers!
5	So far-- the best Sonoran dog I've had in the Valley (besides home made). The adobada caramelo was filling! Hoping Tempe can be a new spot for them to expand to!
3	Cinco de Mayo. Let's start off with the good. Rice and beans...exceptional. They have bottled water. They have kids' meals. Son loved his flautas. There are several booths and tables so you can dine in or take out, and the cashiers spoke both English and Spanish well. The tables seemed clean and had napkin-holders so you don't have to hunt down someone and beg for extra napkins.Now the bad. My other son's fries were very salty, as was my hubby's burrito. My quesadilla was a special for the day, with carne asada. The girl said their carne asada was really good. It was not. I have had good carne asada and this wasn't it. The quesadilla was, however, full of meat, unlike one reviewer showed a picture of for his. We never got our drinks before the food came, and when we asked the kid who brought the food about the drinks, he smiled, walked away, and started doing some other chore. I had to go ask for our drinks!  Awesome customer svc, bro.The extra salt, the underwhelming carne asada, and missing drinks plus the kid ignoring us all made this review non-5-star-worthy. I probably should not even give it 3 stars, but the rice and beans were that good.
1	I've been here numerous times and they have been excellent. Today, I am totally shocked by the flavor and quality if the food. The salsa (which was one of my favorites in town) was soupy, runny, like water consistency. It lacked flavor. When I brought that up to the worker, she just shrugged her shoulders like saying... Who cares. We had steak tacos and we had to pick through the fat. There was so much fat in the taco, it grossed me out. It's really sad, because this was my go to place for street tacos. Not any more.... Regretfully, Morenos is off my list!
4	I came here for the Sonoran hot dogs, which are pretty yummy. Not El Guero Canelo yummy, but good enough to hold off the craving until the next trip to Tucson.I also ordered the carne asada torta, that was muy buena ijuesu!They have Mexican soda in bottles. Ample parking and friendly cashiers.If you are even in that area of Chandler, stop by for a quick lunch.
5	So this is my go to for carne asada and now Sonoran hot dogs except I haven't really tried other places Sonoran dogs so hard to say this will be my staple for them for now. But it definitely is for carne asada tacos for sure. When I think about carne tacos I think of morenos esp on Wednesdays.  The green sauce idk what it is but I love drenching my tacos with the sauce so they are practically drowned. :) so good!
2	We went here craving Mexican food. I'll start off by saying I had no problems with the parking lot but the place seemed pretty dirty (ie. door, tables).  They started cleaning while we waited for our food but they dumped a bunch of windex or something right outside the door to get in so we had to either jump over it or walk through it on the way out. Not the most appetizing thing to smell while you wait for your food. We tried the enchiladas, cheese quesadilla, and carne asada burrito. The burrito meat was really unappetizing...my husband only took a couple bites and decided to forgo it. The cheese enchiladas were okay, nothing special. The rice was good but the beans smelled and tasted funny to me (maybe they are just more authentic Mexican than I'm used to, idk). The cheese quesadilla was on the greasy side but tasted good. I think I will pass on Morenos in the future unless it's to try the sonoran dog.
5	Moreno's is a tasty reminder of living in Tucson. Their Sonoran Dogs are good enough to calm my cravings, but not nearly as good as El Guero Canelo. That said, a dog or two and a cold horchata makes for a perfect lunch.  I will definitely be back.
4	After an intense Sonoran hot dog craving, I decided to hop onto Yelp and came across this little gem of a place.  I rallied up my friend and we set out on an adventure for an early-dinner Mexican food quest!My friend had actually been here before.  He use to work in the area so he knows all the great spots on Arizona Ave.  With the great Yelp reviews and my friend's word, I was really pumped up!  I got myself a horchata, a Sonoran dog, and a Moreno's burrito [AKA a "wet burrito," with carne asada filling and enchilada sauce poured on top].  He had an agua de jamaica, a Sonoran dog, and a carne asada torta.  After polishing off a delicious Sonoran dog, I couldn't even look at my burrito!  I took a few bites of the fluffy rice, the smooth beans, and the flavorful yet kinda tough burrito and I was full.  I think I should have took the advice of another Yelper and ordered two Sonorans and called it a night.  That food coma is hitting hard!  My friend said the bread on his torta was a bit dry but he still took his food home so I think that's a good indicator.  Also, don't forget to stop off at their small little salsa bar.  Their green guacamole sauce is great!Anyways, there are limited parking and limited indoor seating so I can see how the place can become packed fast!  Service is superb and it's always nice to see such friendly and welcoming wait staff --- she really sold those hot dogs!  Portions are also huge and I really could have just split a torta with my buddy.  Anyways, upon reflection and a few more bites of my now cold burrito, I think I found a new favorite place in the east valley for Mexican.  I will definitely be back for the Sonoran dog and their horchata.  Yum!
4	Very good and reasonably priced!  Had Carne Asada burrito and crispy beef taco.  Meat was not too salty and there was plenty on both.  Their salsa bar was fresh and clean.  In fact, the entire place is very clean and they seem to take pride in it.I highly recommend Moreno's.  I will be back!
2	Had the chili rellanos, was not very good, tasted like a giant cheesestick. Beans and rice were okay, beans tasted a bit watered down
4	Best tacos for the price in Chandler. Authentic Mexican food at a reasonable price. They also have Sonoran Hot Dogs. Carne Azada and chicken tacos are the best in my opinion.
4	The Hot Dogs are the bomb.comb. The lengua tacos are amazing. Good late munchie food. Carne asada tacos and bean cheese burrito also very good. Friendly staff and the place is clean and food is fresh. Hot dog cart reminds me of the street vendors in Downtown LA.
1	The hot dogs are good. The rest of the food is disgusting full of fat. I couldn't even finish my burrito I felt sick. The cashier girls are really rude they need training on good costumer service. They seem angry and depressed. I would NEVER eat there again.
4	A great local joint.  Authentic Mexican chow. We like the Chilequiles with Green pork stew.  They have a salsa bar with fresh condiments which is a nice touch.
3	I had a taco and burrito (asada) but compared to generic California taquerias, I'd give Moreno's a 2 for food and price but I give the staff a 4, so I'm going with the middle road and giving 3 stars.The salsa bar is pretty medicore.Parking is okay
