5	My favorite dounuts in Vegas hands down I've tried all the others and chains but they blow them away never had a bad dounut here they were jus in the weekly as a good cheap eats but they said the service was spotty I always go at 5am when I get off work you can smell delcious goodness blocks away defintly a nice treat
4	Real Donuts? They should have called it, "Real Awesome Donuts." I stopped in to try the 45 sized donut mentioned in the previous review. How disappointing to find that they don't manufacture these donuts until 7:30-8:00 am. Guess I was a few hours too early. So instead I opted for the whopping box of day old donuts for $4.50. I wouldn't normally buy a day old donut, let alone six pounds (no joke, this box weighed at least 6 lbs!!) of donuts but my cheap bastardness got the best of me. I proceeded back to the office where I cut several of them in half and enjoyed at least 5 variates. At this point in my life I would almost consider myself to be a connoisseur of the Apple Fritter. Although this was not the best fritter I've ever had, I would say that it ranks in my top 3. It had many more apples than your standard fritter and that is a plus in my book. The bear claws come in varying sizes which I liked, however, the filling was more of a spread than a pie filling...not too impressed here, thus the one star deduction. The other donuts I ate were very good, although It is rare that I come across a bad donut. Real Donuts is open 4am  - 5pm  (HECK YES!), so get on in and get your Donut On!
4	Real Donuts are the real deal. One of the best in the valley. The basic glaze donut is spectacular. Everything else I have tried has been quite good as well. They have mastered the art of not having dry donuts in the desert. With the apple fritters and the cake donuts the exterior has a nice light crunch with a slightly moist, yet fluffy interior. Staff behind the counter is always cool too. Why settle for grocery store nuts of the dough when you can indulge in these tasty fried delights?
5	This place is near my school so it's always a good option to swing in to get some breakfast. I usually go for the stuffed one- chocolate stuffed with bavarian cream. YUM! after eating one of those, I can die happy! :) (on a side note- they sell day old dozens for like $5, what a deal!)
5	Now this is a doughnut shop!  So many to choose from that I could have ordered 100 of them.  After a disappointing trip to Dunkin' Donuts the other day, got a box of mixed varieties (jelly filled, frosted with sprinkles, orange glazed, boston creme and more...) for $7.50.  The person running the place was very friendly.  Even though it's in downtown, I'd rather drive the 15 or so miles from Centennial Hills than the 2 minutes to Dunkin' "Donuts".
5	Best donuts in Vegas!
5	The last stop on my "Vegas Donut Hunt."Very good donuts and wide selection at 4am (when they open).  I tried the old fashioned, buttermilk, and chocolate raised and they were all great (I didn't care too much for the chocolate glaze, but the donut itself was good).I can safely say, out of all the places I've tried this is one of the best, along with Donut Hut, Master Donuts and Friendly Donut Shop.  Try either one of these places and you're guaranteed something good.  (I'd recommend coming EXACTLY when they open though, if possible.)
4	Two words: giant donut.Order one and you won't regret it. That's all I have to say.
5	Best donuts in town & the Solares family and crew are awesome. Worth standing in line for!
5	I love, love , love donuts!! Just call me Homer! Cake donut with chocolate frosting is my favorite! As I walked into the store there is the best smell ever, that fresh baked donut smell! The place was very clean and the donuts were displayed nice. I had a chat with the guy behind the counter asking him questions for a catering company I do some work for.  He answered every question I had about his donuts. Then the moment of truth, select a donut, well of course I went for my favorite. he bagged it and out to the car I went. This donut was so fresh and soft, the recipe for the cake portion was just the way i like it, made with vanilla, not lemon or spice, vanilla just the way it was intended to be. I am thinking this place gets my vote for the best donut in Vegas! If you in that area of town stop by!
5	My favorite donut shops in Las Vegas. Cant go wrong with Real Donuts. They have the best ice cream!
5	This place is fantastic. An amazing selection of donuts made fresh every morning by a family of great people. Tanya and Brian are always helpful and smiling and in the back dad is pouring alot of love onto these beauties. Don't Miss- blueberry cake donut, the chocolate butterfly and the delicious crumb donuts(both raised and cake!)Why would anyone ever go to those faceless corporate spots when they're blown away by this little oasis??
5	I should have wrote this review 5 years ago when I discovered it.  I LOVE this place.  My hubby and I were looking for a place to stop on our way out of town, and so glad we stumbled upon this place. My favorite is the cinnamon crumb donuts--YUM!The family that owns this is always so nice and helpful when we come in.  It is hands down the best donut place in Las Vegas, and everyone I introduce this place to also falls in love.  Great service, great prices, and the greatest donuts ever. :)
5	i don't know how to judge donuts.they were good. didn't taste old.there was a sweet old lady sitting there who hangs out there since "everyday."added to the cute character to the place.very happy with my donuts.
4	One of my guilty pleasures in life has always been donuts. I have been to many donut shops across the country. If available I will always get a chocolate old fashioned. Then I might also get a cinnamon roll, maple bar or something else that looks good. I have tried many donut shops across Las Vegas in search of a really great donut. The best I have found so far has been Real Donuts on Charleston Blvd. The donuts always seem to be fairly fresh and the taste of the frosting's are always good. One thing they make that I really enjoy is their Butterfly. Weather topped with regular icing or maple it is always good.
4	Took Nelson Q.'s advice and got a apple fritter. I was forced to get the full size because they were out of the half size.  Om nom nom, nice pieces of apple in the dough. Not too much glaze like other places making it the perfect amount of sweetness. I also ordered a jelly filled, pretty good as well. The dough they use here is awesome because its the in between of the lightness of Krispy Kreme and the thick doughyness of standard donut shops. This might be my new favorite spot for dontus, too bad I live far but on the plus side I will start my intern at UMC next month. So they should be seeing me on a regular basis. Good for my taste buds, but bad for my waist line. Ekks!
5	If you love the corporate, cookie cutter donut made by a machine, that tastes as bad as it looks then you have come to the wrong place!I have been eating donuts from different establishments in Las Vegas for the better part of 20 years and have not had the pleasure of eating a REAL donut until today.  Real Donuts (#1) is a police officer's heaven and a donut loving fiend like myself's daily go-to. The cake donuts are so moist and flavorful you will skip the traditional cake for your birthday and stick candles in a blueberry old-fashioned donut instead. One bite into that particular donut and your mouth is swimming in a volcanic ocean erupting with the perfect, natural blueberry flavor I desired.There is also a version of this donut with a thinly glazed vanilla covering to it which is equally incredible in its own right. It mixes together perfectly and leaves you craving another and another.... and another. Get them early because they sell out fast!The old-fashioned coconut is another I must rave about. If you will, close your eyes (after you read this) and imagine Harry Potter and Hermione Granger in potions class attempting to transmute an old fashioned cake and a coconut into the world's most perfectly balanced donut. Harry and Hermione failed countless times but, Real Donuts got it right the first time. It is slightly more robust than the standard cake donut and has a coconut cream layer on top that is dying to melt in your mouth. To tantalize you further, fresh coconut shavings are placed on the very top of all that. I am an old-fashioned, cakey kind of guy of you hadn't noticed. I have tried the cinnamon rolls, bear claws, apple fritters, standard donuts with center holes (chocolate, sugared, frosted, sprinkled, nutted and glazed), maple and chocolate bars, raspberry filled, apple filled, tiger tails, chocolate glazed twists and standard glazed twists, chocolate cake with chocolate frosting and cake with sprinkles. And they are all beyond exceptional. My unconditional favorite will forever remain the plain ol' old-fashioned cake donut with the rough edges that break off into bite sized pieces so well. I am officially addicted. AA here I come.To make matters worse, there is an adorable little thing here named Tanya that is eager to deliver to you your edible promise-land from 9am to 6pm Monday through Friday. They do open at 4am on weekdays and 5am on weekends, however. See you there!
5	There are a number of donut shops to choose from in town but if you want one worth buying, don't bother with any of the rest. Yes, you heard me...drive here from wherever in Clark County you are. I promise it will be worth it. Yes donuts are bad for you, but if you ARE going to eat them, why not eat the best?The girl behind the counter was very friendly and happily explained prices and quality of the donuts. We picked up some day olds (which are a bargain, at 2 dozen for $5) and brought them to work. They were gone within 2 hours and no one ever suspected they were old.My evaluation is based on the fresh donuts we tried. It was incredibly early in the morning and I was pleased to see that they were open and ready for business. I tried their large maple twist and had some of my girlfriends chocolate pecan roll and a bearclaw that we split. I was blown away by the juiciness of each bite and the consistency of the dough. That's not to mention the sheer novelty of their large specialty donuts-- the Texas and The Alaska. You'll never return to Winchell's, Dunkin, or Krispy Kreme after you've become privy to this place. I can't wait to return and try their monster donuts out.
5	Sitting at my desk, I overheard one co-worker trying to convince another to eat some of the donuts. Knowing that customers, vendors and co-workers drop off dozens of donuts from the huge chain, manufactured donut companies often, I was anxious for some sugar spiking in my blood.Walking to their desks I was shaken to my core (which happened to be a ravenously angry and empty stomach) - when he was merely offering up mini donuts from the vending machine.This simply would not do. Do you hear me? It. Would. Not. Do.I explained my desire for fresh donuts, not that packaged trash. They asked if I wanted to make a donut run. I said yes! They started asking for me to go to one of the chain places, I said Nay! If I was making a donut run, I was getting Real Donuts. Of course, they started naming off a different chain every time I would say, "No, real Donuts." Finally, I had to explain that was the name of the place that was going to satisfy my sugar craving.Finding their location, I walked in to a pretty busy donut shop. Good sign! When it got to my turn, the helpful girl behind the counter started grabbing everything I needed. When i got to the ham & cheese croissant part of the order, she gave me the option of hot or cold. Figure if we're going to go for it, go the whole 9 and went hot. Returning to work, I handed out everybody their treat and sat down at my desk to dive into mine.The raised cake donut was about 2x the thickness of one of those "other" places' donuts. I took a bite and my taste buds nearly fainted at the flavor. It was an instant throw back to jr. high and getting donuts after school at a local bakery, only better! I finished the donut and tackled the holes I picked up. Bite sized doses of glazed sugary goodness were devoured in mere seconds.This is definitely a place I will be returning to, as often as my pancreas can handle.
5	The love they put into their donuts shines through.  I have had the best Apple Fritter ever here.  They don't skimp on size or flavor.  The Jelly Donuts are oozing with Jelly from the top of the donut.  We get them for our office bi-weekly making my tastebuds happy but killing my diet.  This is what donuts are meant to be.  Keep up the great work!
4	i normally wouldn't waste my time reviewing a donut shop but real donut has the best donuts in vegas by a long, long way.  well worth a drive across town.
5	I am not a donut person. At all. I can go months and years without having one or even desiring one. Perhaps after years of only being exposed to Dunkin' Donut and Krispy Kreme many could understand why. The only donut place I have ever liked before was Voodoo Donuts in my hometown of Portland. I'm not sure what made me stop into Real Donuts but I am glad I did. Nice chewy donuts with just the right amount of sweetness. I would definitely stop in again.
4	Clean and simple, close to UMC.  A friendly place to get good donuts. Other donut shops their donuts are super super sweet. You get tired after two bites. But this place " Perfect" love at first bite.  I only got half a dozen because I was afraid that my family wouldn't be able to finish them all.  I was surprised to come home to find them all gobbled up . To sum it up, this will be the place for me to get fresh donuts.
5	Best donuts ever.  Delicious, fresh, good selection.  Very friendly welcoming staff.  A dozen donuts and 2 milks was just $10.50.  I will be back for sure.
1	The do-nut ended it's life in the trash. The Apple Fritter was very greasy (still tasting the grease on the roof of my mouth). I did not expect to eat a tub of Crisco, after just one small piece of it. Don't waste time here.
5	kinda in a funky part of town but totally worth it, best donuts I've had in a long time and the cruller was yummo!
5	I love going here on Saturday morning... great donuts and super friendly staff!
5	Oh, dear lord, the maple bars! A coworker used to bring a dozen assorted from Real Donuts to the office every Thursday morning. Fresh, soft, delicious. Best maple bar to ever cross my lips, though I have tried other flavors that were excellent too. I've ventured over there later in the day and the donuts aren't quite as magical, but are still heaven in a box (or bag).
5	This is a family owned & operated donut shop....the dad makes all of the donuts which are simply delish. They have a great variety and have always been fresh on every visit. Brian the son.... Works the counter and has a fun personality always clowning around, (you can really tell he loves his customers) and just having fun. Can't go wrong here!
4	donut  - noun a small cake of sweetened dough, often ring-shaped or spherical with a jam or cream filling, cooked in hot fat inverted cinnamon roll  - noun  a cinnamon roll with swirls of devil's food cake, found at Real Donuts on W. Charleston and Shadow Lane, across the street from UMC Hospital.  One bite and you're in love.* I stopped by this family-owned business and Pat Gallagher assisted me in picking out two dozen tasty delights for my office.  * Two dozen mixed donuts came to $18* If available, you can buy a box of day-old donuts for $5.  Each box contains 18-24 donuts.* The drive to Henderson was a little torturous with the smells emanating from the boxes in the back seat.* You had me at the inverted cinnamon roll.* I'll definitely be back for more spheres and shapes cooked in hot fat.
5	Fresh, soft, flavorful, giant and delicious...what more could you want from doughnuts?  Look no further, if you work anywhere in the downtown area this is the doughnut shop for you.This family owed little store tucked into a strip-mall across from UMC was probably the last place I expected to find my favorite doughnuts but ever since a co-worker introduced me 3 years ago I have never wanted doughnuts from anywhere else, even (dare I say) Krispy Kreme!  The variety is endless, although I like the cake and regular (glazed? it doesn't actually have glaze, just the doughnut) with chocolate topping.  The plain glaze and the old-fashioned are also delicious.  The doughnuts are baked fresh every day and the staff at this family owed shop will remember you and become friends after just a few visits.  They also have milk to go with your doughnuts and coffee (if you drink it).  A couple of small table allow the morning regulars to sit down and enjoy but they offer quick service for those of us running to work.This may be a downtown secret but once you're in the know, you'll see from the Friday morning crowd many others are too :)
5	I've been going to this place with my friends before school and we absolutely love it! It's a small, family owned business that's a little far away from my school, but the donuts are high quality and for good prices. My friends always get the donut holes, which are really cheap. I also really like their giant donuts and their croissants!
4	Items selected:  Bavarian, Blueberry Cake, Blueberry Fritter, Sourcream, Buttermilk Bar, Raised Glazed, Reverse Cinnamon Roll, Chocolate Cake, Crumb Cake, Apple FritterHaving arranged various "foodcrawls" in the past it was with admitted enthusiasm that I entered Real Donuts to gather provisions for Las Vegas' first (known) donut crawl and with several glistening varieties fresh from the fryer only two challenges arose, the first limiting my order to a dozen and the second delivering the fried dough to the party without sneaking a bite.  A small, clean shop with excellent service and a dozen donuts only $10 after tax and a tip it was up against three other doughnutteries that Real would find itself matched and although the occasional contender from Sunrise Too, Master Donuts, or Donut Hut shined it was Real Donuts that proved most consistent across the board.  Featuring crispy fritters rife with fruit and low in oil, a textbook old-fashioned sourcream that literally melts on the tongue, and both yeasted and cake options on par with the city's best it would truly be hard to name a bad one in the bunch - a task I'll simply discard and suggest futile as I think back on the Blueberry Fritter, a 95 cent daily special I'd suggest worthy of 'destination' status.
4	Working across the street from this jewel of a donut shop is a plus. Whenever I get the craving for a tasty chocolate cake donut, I know Real Donuts will always deliver. I have tried other donut shops, including the more commercial shops but I find myself always comparing their donuts to the ones I get at this little shop. No one beats them! Friendly staff, great service and good prices. Once you try them once, you will become a repeat customer guaranteed!
5	I came in right at opening time on Saturday morning. The donuts looked fresh and so beautifully unreal. I had a maple old fashioned and it was PERFECT. Some O/F donuts are too dry, or too moist almost tasting uncooked. Real Donuts gets it JUST RIGHT! I bought 3dozen assorted for my co-workers and will turn. These donuts are delicious and priced well.
5	The donuts were fresh and delicious. The apple fritter was perfectly cooked. The cake donuts were a magical blend of crispy and moist. My kids approved of the chocolate frosting.
3	This location is part of a small local chain of donut shops that has received some love by the local press.   I picked up a much anticipated blueberry fritter and less anticipated (spur of the moment) inverted cinnamon roll on our recent vacation.  Each was on the  smallish side both in size and price (only $1 each).  Both were grease free and tasty.
3	My first time there and the young I would say pacific island young lady was  semi friendly it was early right at opening I got there. However She began to warm up as we were choosing the doughnuts we wanted. 2nd time I went was last week , week and few days, and a lady I would say in her mid 30 to early 40 maybe assisted me. I walked in yet again right close to opening, as I walked in I noticed PRE-PAK BOX of doughnuts to my curiosity I asked, oh what are those , I will take one of those since they are ready to go. she then said OH those are on reserve , I said oh, well why don't you have a sign on them, she said they are DAY OLD they sell from the previous night for 5.00 a box of 21 doughnuts and ALL boxes are Reserved. Well here I am at 415-425 am first customer probably in the door, and here comes another customer, a Male who grabs a box of those SAME doughnuts and proceeds to the counter to PAY. As I am finishing my selection of buying my 9.00 dozen, it ERKED me to know she has not said a word to him about these RESERVED Doughnuts. So I did Then she went in hyper voice aka Busted voice, and told him They are on reserve , and I told HER, Then you shouldn't have out for ,customer perception of thinking they can grab and go, or you need to label them as reserved or you need to keep them in the back as reserved items Should be located . Needless to say she Heard NONE of my suggestions just kept RUNNING her MOUTH of Guiltless that Customer Was like Oh these are the day old Doughnuts for $5 a box, I said Oh I know I just learned that just NOW. However she told me they are on RESERVE, she then turned to him and said Yes they are, That customer, got angry and walked out without further word I paid my $9.00 only because they were already selected and in a box, but I surely FELT very cheated and very robed. As it should NOT be a RESERVED STATUS ON DAY OLD DOUGHNUTS. But rather a First Come First Serve Basis Period. Needless to say. 2nd time was not an invite to Return BACK . Doughnuts were a bit sweet, however the cake one with cream in the middle was beginning to be one of my likes, as it was one that was in the middle of the road.
5	I finally gave into my craving for an old fashioned warm, sweet donut.  Walked in a few minutes after closing time and was still able to purchase some yummy, fresh donuts.  Owner's son was super sweet and full of personality.  Will definitely be back.
5	We moved here form Los Angeles and have several great old school donut famous donut spots to choose from, it was hard to find a "REAl" donut  n Vegas. Until now... Real Donuts is the REAL DEAL.. Best spot in town for great donuts.. No fu fu  stuff.. Just good ole down to earth donuts that you simply can't stop eating...  We drive 25 min one way to get them...
5	I think of myself as kind of a donut expert. And with all of my experience I can honestly say that this is the BEST donut place in Las Vegas! Though I live 30 minutes away from this little piece of heaven, I can't help but make the trip weekly. Fresh, delicious, REAL!
4	Sometimes its the little mom and pop local stores that really shine.  Krispy Kreme and Dunkin can keep their donuts.  For me, Real Donuts is where its at.  Their shop may be old and small.  It may be in a rough and sketchy looking area.  But damn are their donuts good.  They are bigger than those which come from a large chain store.  They are also fresh and delicious with a more nostalgic  reminding me of the old shops back home I used to go to as a kid.  On top of that they offer a gigantic donut that is as big as my face.  Thats just cool.  Last time I was in there I could hear some good hard rock coming from the back.  I found myself headbanging by the time I left.  Ah, good times.  I feel fortunate that Real Donuts is close to work for me.  A simple jaunt across the street from UMC and you have arrived.
3	Came here due to request of friends.  Have to say...it's ok. Lots of selections ..but I guess I'm more into the fufu donuts than regular donuts.  It's kinda harsh to give them 3 stars but I felt that since they didn't "impress me" that's why I'm giving them this.  That and it's just according to my tastes.  Granted if you like old school donuts or regular donuts this is the place to go!  I just think I like pink box better. 1) I like sweets. And I tend to like the jelly filled donuts.  The jelly here didn't tastes as well as the pink donuts...reason being is the jelly itself. The jelly is like a canned jelly.  It doesn't taste bad...it just isn't the best I feel. It more of a jam...not a lot of seeds which makes me think it's more processed.  Which is fine. But I like the nature or chunks of fruit I think. 2) the bear claw was good...the insides I didn't like. Was good but I couldn't stomach to much of it. It was like a cinnamon apple I believe.  I think it had chunks if apple so that was good..just was a bit much for me3) the cinnamon bun looking like one was not included in the dozen...but I got it for my co worker and she killed the thing.  It must have been good as she didn't share with no one.4) the mable donut.  This was my favorite from what I tried.  I liked the chocolate pieces and it wasnt too chocolatey.  It also had a glaze around it which was yummy.  A very classic donut place :) Overall...if I lived near one I may get more but I dont think it was worth driving 15 mins out of my way to get. The service was good...nothing out of the ordinary customer service.  And when I went they didnt have any iced coffee available. Perhaps I came in too early .
5	We came into town for the weekend and decided to go get some donuts!! I would call myself a connoisseur of apple fritters......their apple fritter was AMAZING!! The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful! We purchased a dozen and each donut was fresh and delicious!  I higjl
5	You've never really had a donut until you've had a Real Donut. You can taste the freshness and Brian is always a bubbly joy to see. Just go here and get donuts for everyone you know. They will love you forever. My favorite: Crunchie Raised, Apple Fritter, or Cinnamon Butterfly.
5	I love these donuts. Reminds of a place I used to go back home in Texas. The staff is very friendly.
5	Oh lawd. Oh no child. This is so good, it's bad. My hips are going to be so mad at me for ever coming to this place. I have eaten 2 1/2 donuts since we got our box which was only 30 minutes ago.I will definitely be coming back to this place. So close to work and VERY good quality donuts! My boyfriend and I were thinking about going to a different donut place on lunch but we didn't like how greasy they normally are. We were driving around work, seeing what other places we could check out. We decided to drive down Charleston and passed by a place called "Real Donuts". We were thinking, "Real donuts? As opposed to fake donuts?"We stopped in and there was a super friendly person in front. I saw a ton of cake and crumb donuts, my two favorites. Heaven. Already. After looking around, we were asking a ton of questions wondering what we should get. We planned on only getting a few, maybe one for him and one for me. Well, that went out the window real quick.We started with a blueberry cake with white icing.. then moved to a bavarian creme filled chocolate glazed donut. After that, it was all bad. We found out that they had a blueberry fritter, my boyfriend's favorite thing in the world. We got two of those. We got an orange glazed cake donut, a crumb cake donut, a crumb covered apple cinnamon filled one... We decided to just go with the dozen at that point and decided to get everyone on our team donuts. We got a cinnamon roll, a cinnamon roll mixed with devil's food cake, some swirly one that I forgot what it was, a chocolate cake donut with chocolate icing, a regular cake donut with chocolate icing. I honestly don't remember all of the donuts that we got but the guy in front ended up throwing another one in for free. Then... we asked about one last donut and he ended up throwing that in for free too! So awesome!I was weary of the orange-glazed donut but it was so amazing. It tasted like a creamsicle. The blueberry cake donut was SO flavorful, I couldn't believe it. I really am stuffed and my whole team was raving about how good the donuts were. I didn't want to end up eating all of the leftovers, for sake of my hips, so I walked around my office and started handing them out. Everyone was talking about how good they were!I will definitely be coming back. The service was great. The quality of the donuts was AMAZING and the flavor was perfect. I can't wait to come back and try all of the other donuts we didn't get this time.
4	This place is pretty awesome. They make a lot of donuts so much that the next day they offer  20 of them for five bucks. If you are looking for dependably decent donuts and you are in the area; if recommend it. Just be aware it's no Ronalds donuts... This is a good second though..tied with Masters donuts.
5	This place brings back memories of my childhood when my mom would take me to the little donut shop on Saturday mornings. I love the little hole in the wall, family owned joints. So much better than chain places. This spot has been on my radar since I saw pics from Terri's donut crawl. I got the maple bar and a regular glazed donut. Both were soft, sugary treats which I inhaled in less than 2 minutes. I don't eat too many donuts for obvious health reasons, but these were probably at the top of my list for donut spots in Vegas. Don't forget your Yelp check in for a free donut. Will for sure be back on my cheat days.
5	I'm a little stunned that I haven't been to Real Donuts before because I've spent a lot of time nearby. It took until I had enjoyed one of their creations through a reseller (The Goodwich) that I really experienced the magic.Regular donuts are $1 each, but nobody is really going to buy just one. More likely options are a dozen regular donuts for $9.50 (max. 2 jelly-filled donuts) and half a dozen donuts for $5 (1 jelly-filled). They have higher prices for fancies ($1.50/$8/$15). I was actually looking for the day-old donuts but missed the boat on it. I guess they must sell out of those close to their opening hour of 4am (your time to shine, early risers).So yeah, that blueberry fritter. It was my magical introduction to Real Donuts. It's not apple (which is also good). It's better. Sweet, moist, crunchy, blueberry-y, Not sure what more you can ask for... except a second. I also tried the raspberry jelly-filled donut and the maple cruller on day 1. There is an absurd amount of jelly in the middle of that treat, but thankfully it's not too sweet. The cruller is pretty airy and reminds me of cream puff dough. Almost feels like a healthy option... almost.Next day, I finished the rest of the donuts off. I guess I got the day-old donuts that I wanted after all. The orange cream glazed donut was okay but didn't stand out. The cinnamon raisin bun was still very moist, and it was sweet without having a huge portion of glaze as you might see as other places. The old-fashioned chocolate donut was pretty average too (note to self: skip). Finally, blueberry fritter #2 was just as awesome as the first.Definitely would recommend Real Donuts for people who are in the area or who are donut fans. Haven't thoroughly explored the rest of the Vegas donut scene, but I'm already pretty confident this place will end up as one of the mainstays.
5	Really one of the best places for donuts here in Vegas. I absolutely love the blueberry filled and the inverted cinnamon donuts. They are perfectly sweet to me, since some donut shop donuts can be super sweet. Don't forget the check-in deal for Yelpers. You won't be disappointed in these donuts.
5	It was a quiet little donut shop with a very friendly lady working there. She was nice and greeted all the customers by their names. It smelled so good like fresh cooked goodness. I bought a dozen and a half donuts and a dozen donut holes for the people I work with. It was a reasonable price at $15. The donuts were very fresh and warm. I had the lady working just give me a mix of everything. I had a round one with chocolate frosting and orange sprinkles for Halloween, it was very tasty. I also had a few (or half the bag) of donut holes and they were just as tasty. I would definitely go back and would recommend this place to my friends.
5	Donuts are consistently great!  Always fresh and never too greasy.  They always have a huge variety to choose from also.  Love this place!
5	The employees made me laugh the entire time I was there! I appreciate entertainment while I wait. The donuts were mouth-watering and fresh. I bought three dozen donuts to feed a class of folks and they were nearly gone within an hour. People, including me, were going back for seconds!
5	I have been going here for years. The BEST way to start your day. Fresh, yummy and the prices are great!
4	Good donuts! Really good! Super fresh. The place was crowded with locals. Staff was friendly. Would go back for sure!
5	Awesome place. Swooped in right before they closed and I tried an orange frosted donut!! I already love pink frosting but Orange is my new favorite!! Lady was super nice also. What a sweet place to have sweets ha!!
5	I couldn't believe it.  We checked in and we got 8 specialty donuts for $6.50!!!  How is that possible? ?  Owners are super friendly.  Everything was very tasty,  we especially liked the fritters (blueberry and regular) and the apple filled.
5	First time at Real Donuts, the costumer service was fabulous!!! Really enjoyed my time ordering donuts lol Our clinic went on a donut adventure, we order their top sellers and let me tell you they are all worth the calories!!!
4	Before JayZ and Kanye West, there was RunDMC, before Justin Timberlake and Justin Bieber, there was Michael Jackson, before Coldplay there was U2....before root beer float donuts and maple bacon bars, there were Real Donuts.  Not to say the course of donut history hasn't taken a turn for the delicious or creative, but sometimes it's good to remember the original.  A stroll through this little shop across the street from the University Medical Center, one does not need to crank their DeLorean flux capacitor to 1.21 gigawatts to go back in time to taste how donuts were made back in the day since the folks here have been making them the same way every day without infusing pop rocks into their custard or sprinkling green tea powder or ruining a perfect slice of bacon on top of their donuts.  These are the donuts that sat atop Starsky and Hutch's dashboard or within the nuclear power plant control room of Homer Simpson.  Old school donuts done correctly and beyond reasonably priced.  Not the subtle sweet/locally sourced ingredients/brioche dough, modern donuts that are all the rage, but the sinfully sweet unabashedly artificial variety that melts in your mouth due to the embarrassingly high sugar content  made fresh every morning perfect for dunking into a cup of cheap drip coffee.   Highlights are the airy french crullers, the impossibly crispy fritters (the blueberry variety is exceptional), as well as old favorites like the sour cream donut, buttermilk bar, and the enigmatic inverted cinnamon roll which contains a stroke/streak of genius/devil's food cake.  The folks behind the counter are extremely friendly and they open at the crack of dawn so you know they take great pride in starting every local Las Vegan's day off on the right foot.  Grab a dozen for your coworkers and you will be the most beloved person in the office.  It's comforting to know some things are not meant to change, so be sure to support this local gem.
4	Maybe it depends on what you get.  I tried the blueberry fritter and tasted very crispy, like burnt.  So luckily I also got the inverted cinnamon roll type of donut and that was superb.   Very soft and chewy, sweet and cinnamon-y.  The donuts are priced right and the guy was super nice at the counter.  I can see people being fabulous and getting some for their coworkers.
4	The first thing you'll notice when you walk in are the two glass cases full of beautifully decorated old-school donuts. To be fair, that's probably all you'll pay attention to at any donut shop, but the variety here is pretty extensive.Regular and "inverted" cinnamon rolls (they kind of resemble brains), classic and cake donuts a plenty, sprinkle- and frosting-topped versions for purists, and "fancies" like maple bars (no bacon here!), buttermilk bars (a surprise hit!), giant bear claws, and eclairs. Anything with fruit is generally really well done here, too.I'm not even really much of a donut fan, but this place gets an extra star for not pulling that cash-only BS that other places do. Also, they're open til 6PM!
5	These are straight up delicious donuts. None of that fancy crap, just the good stuff. It's a hole in the wall establishment and you'd miss it if you weren't specifically looking for it. The price is good, nothing outrageous. The cake donuts are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I just got the blueberry muffin cake donut and it rocked my world. Seriously. The service is amazing every time. The guy (I don't know his name, I feel like a jerk about that) even recommended a great band (Portugal the Man).
5	Awesome donut joint.  It has an old school feel to it. We saw it on the way to an errand we were running and decided to double back and get a few donuts.  They have 2 employees there and they are super friendly.  If you check in here you get a free donut code.  My phone died right after I showed it to her and snapped a few photos but the lady there still gave me the free donut.  It seems that this restaurant has been here for awhile.  It has a well worn out look to it but the donuts are crazy delicious.  They have this donut called an Alaskan donut that is about as big as your head.  I opted for the much smaller donuts...An apple critter...Chocolate on Chocolate, and a Blueberry Fritter. Check it out if your on that side of town.
5	Just happened to notice this little donut shop driving by so I stopped in. I highly recommend it! The donuts are fresh, the younger staff is friendly & knowledgable & tons of choices. If you like crispy on the outside fritters & soft on the inside, they have some of the best!!! The blueberry 1 is awesome! If you like donuts, give them a try!!
5	I.HAVE.NEVER.HAD.A.BETTER.DONUTThis place is amazing! Seriously the best donut shop in the state. You can custom order giant donuts (Texas & Alaska sizes). You will not be disappointed. My children are addicted to this place. We all are.
