4	Well, someone beat me in being the first to write a review for this burger joint at the airport.  Wondering around looking for a place, my options were not appealing to my taste buds because the option were very limited at the airport, or at least at  the concourse I was in.  I approached the information desk and asked for guidance and was ask , are you looking to a Burger King? Oh heck no something wayyyyyyy better.I was directed to Modern Burger which meant 4 moving walkways from my location which would mean a total of 8 (round trip) UGH! I still went for it.I was not disappointed, the burger was good but its the bread or bun that makes this hamburger. It has the slight sweetness of a brioche. mmmmmmmmmm. The fries? crispy and seasoned.I did not have a milkshake but not like I needed it since there Iced Tea was enough for me.Why 4 and not 5 stars? The wait on the first visit was alittle too long, orders are made fresh to order but still I had a chance to sit down and eat as well as catch my plane.On my layover, guess what I did? Yep headed back to Modern Burger for a redo of my previous order. This place will be on my radar for a few months as I head to Arizona for business and luckily my layover is in Phoenix.
5	Inside of an airport, this is without a doubt the best burger I've ever had. Outside of an airport, it's in my top 5 of all time. Yes, I said it...this shit is the real deal.  I didn't try the fries or milkshake, but I can attest that this place is worth getting to, no matter how far you have to walk through this airport...do yourself a favor and do it.
3	An ok burger, but not quality.  Bun was nice as were the fries and shake, but burger was not 100% beef.  It was kind of soggy and looked unappealing.  Taste was ok...nothing to write home about.
4	This is one place I keep going to on my break while at the airport. I love the fries! I don't know if it's cause every time I go on break I'm super hungry or if they're that good, but i'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt and say they're super awesome cause they still manage to taste fantastic even when I'm not having a craving for fries. The burger isn't too big, but it's yummy. I didn't find it soggy or whatnot, even after I had to walk a ways away to eat. Really love their shake of the month, which for me was a Kit Kat one. It hit that chocolate craving I had. I did find the shake a bit more liquid-y rather than thick so fair warning to you on that. I'll probably hit up this place again. As I said, I love their fries :P
4	Layover from Orange County, CA to Orlando, FL. After flying for literally only 45 minutes, I was a bit peckish! Decided to try a "Modern Burger Kids Meal".... Boy was that an understatement! I wasn't "THAT" hungry, until my order came out. Big, juicy, and well seasoned burger, with delightfully tasty fries! Reminded me a lot of Shake Shack.Awesome place to grab a bite if you are in the airport!
4	stranded again at SKY HARBOR -- gotta love US AIRWAYS ...what a nice surprise MODERN BURGER turned out to be. if you can get beyond lunch costing as much as a new car (hey, in an airport you're a captive audience) the food and service were both good. the fries were tasty and the burgers close to IN-AND-OUT and that's high praise indeed.  so, if you fly US AIRWAYS and get stuck in PHOENIX (and if you fly US AIRWAYS you're gonna get stuck somewhere) and you're up for burgers and fries, check out MODERN BURGER.
4	Modern Burger at the airport! Great breakfast burger.This was a quick grab-n-go run, I really liked the breakfast burger. You'll pay more than you think you should, but no more than other airport food and it's way better tasting.
4	Definitely doesn't taste like airport food! I was there for a 11am flight so I ordered the BLT with an egg for an extra $1.50 or something. I didn't see the breakfast special, which had avocado added for a dollar less than what I paid, in time. I was puzzled at the price difference but considering this was one of the cheaper meals I've had in an airport and I was starving I didn't care that much. The tomato and lettuce were fresh and the bread was delicious, almost like a brioche bun. The bacon was flavorful but a bit on the thin side so it was crispy but not very toothsome. The egg was medium hard. I would have preferred my egg to be cooked to order since I like runny yolks that run over my sandwich but I can understand why they didn't offer that option because it takes more time and since it's travel food most people want neat not messy food.  I was very satisfied and I'll go back next time I fly in to Phoenix. I would definitely try the burger since that's what they specialize in.
4	Great new, local addition to Sky Harbor Airport!  I tried a single cheeseburger and loved it...the bun was tasty and fresh, the burger was just the right size and I had cheese, tomato and 1,000 island dressing on it too!  Wish they would put napkins in the bag when handing it to you though...a little messy on the airplane.
3	First off, decent service if you need to grab something quick to catch a flight.  It took 9 minutes from ordering to getting your food.  The burger was good, a gourmet burger delivered quickly into your hands. Definitely cooked after you order.  Nothing great, but solid for grabbing something at an airport.  Didn't care for the fries, but the shake was pretty good.
5	Ok, so I was quite hungover and exhausted when my best friend and I stopped in Phoenix on our way home from Vegas. Our flight was early, we didn't want to leave Sin City and I was a tad cranky that we had a 45 min layover (Grr..)While we were walking around the US Airways terminal looking for a snack, we came across Modern Burger. I'm pretty hesitant re: airport food but I decided to give it a try.Oh My God. Modern Burger.. please open an outlet in NY. Please.Your Cheeseburgers are amazing. The beef is great quality - as was the salad I opted to put on to of my burger.However - the fries were the best part of my meal. Beautifully cut and seasoned to perfection. I am literally now going to transit in Phoenix every time I fly west now - just to have my Modern Burger fix!
5	Breakfast sandwich is delicious (and only $6). Love that they were open late (12:30 am). So good.
4	Super cheap, super quick, and open late for late flights. Great airport joint, as are all the digs in this gate, but yum-mmie. I definitely got off a flight to catch a connection and the first thing I said was "mmm it smells like backyard grilled burgers." Great welcoming olfactory surprise.
2	Honestly, did I eat at the same place as the other reviewers?My burger looked nothing like the one pictured.  It was kind of squished and the bun was damp with what I refer to as sweat and who wants sweaty buns? I looked at the meat since it wasn't sizzling hot and it was pink enough and looked cooked enough that it was safe to eat. I didn't really taste the difference between this burger and one at McDonald's to be honest and I would hardly describe McDonald's burgers as amazing or heavenly.  Yes it was relatively quick.  It wasn't super expensive as airport restaurants tend to be but I would not describe it as cheap at all ($6 for a breakfast sandwich?).  It was pricey enough that I chose to fore go the fries and a drink.  There was no place to sit nearby and the only condiments were mustard and mayonnaise.  My initial excitement at a "gourmet" fast food place in the airport was quickly diminished once my order arrived.  Maybe late at night or with an fried egg for breakfast I could think more of Modern Burger.  But I likely will not try it again if I fly through Phoenix.
5	So since I started working morning and being around breakfast food, I get a craving for fried eggs and bacon on my burger and thank goodness for Modern Burger and their breakfast burger. I get the yummy cheeseburger with my breakfast accoutrements lol. And to top it off, I still get their awesome fries. And when I want to splurge, I get another shake of the month, which so far hasn't disappointed me yet.
5	I really just wanted a burger in the airport during my layover after fighting not to spend ridiculous amounts of money on airport food. Modern Burger really hit the spot.Not only is it made fresh, but it's full of great flavor! It was simple, didn't need fancy anything. I love that you can choose grilled v. raw onions. I opted for the grilled and man was I happy with that. They were chopped and caramelized to perfection. I think what got me the most was the bun. It was so soft and went really well with the hamburger meat. They truly blended together.I'm down to get another burger from here, even if it is overpriced airport food
3	For an expensive burger in the morning with the necessary egg on it like you get in Philly and Jersey, you have to come here and have this option prior to flying to any destination. The service is in general friendly but I do think that since there is very limited seating in the venue, they should allow you to have your meal seated in their sister restaurant next door---) Blanco. They would only need to ask at the time of purchase whether or not you desire to eat in or take it away. On two visits here, I found no seating and no offer to accommodate me once I purchased my grub. I may have to rethink being a regular if I cannot sit and eat. Just saying.
1	This rating is just for the $5.47 milk shakes. I was told by two people that they are really good and i was horribly disappointed. I kept my composure through half before it went in the trash. I cant remember the last time i threw food away until now.
4	Got a breakfast burger for $8-9 and with another cup of soda, it came to around $11 total with all the taxes included.My breakfast burger tasted great. The beef was moist and juicy and I loved that the fried egg still has running yolk in it! :) The burger was probably fatty, but hey I felt much better eating this than, say another low-grade place like Burger King or McDonald's! :)Minus one-star for very small seating (just a bar seating for perhaps 8-10 people and 2 additional 2-people tables)...so good luck grabbing one of those seats....especially when the place is probably crowded during lunch/dinner! Overall, I was quite happy with my lunch on the go while waiting to board my flight home!
2	I needed to stay around terminal A and gave Modern Burger a try. They do pre made salads that look tasty and I had a Chinese Style Chicken Salad in my hand I was about to get and changed my mind thinking a fresh made breakfast burger might be better. I may have been expecting too much since I was expecting a yummy burger tasty like a Zinburger. But what I got was more like a really good fast food type burger. Like what a Whopper Jr might be like if it was good. It was a very thin small patty maybe the same size as a Whopper Jr beef patty I guessing a two oz. patty. I do note the patty was cooked nice but not so tasty. The bun was soft and eggy tasting but a lot of bread for the little patty that didn't fill the bun. My egg slice was cooked very hard and was chalky. It was sort of messy with thousand Island dressing squirting out all over.Depending on how you look at it the burger was really good if you compare it to a Whopper Jr but it cost like 5x more or it's lousy if you compare it to a burger you cooked in a pan or on the grill.I should have went with the Chinese Style Chicken salad with canned oranges on it.2.5 Stars
5	It's airport food so I wasn't expecting much. But the bacon in my BLT was thick cut, it was delicious and they weren't miserly about it. The right amount of all the rest of the ingredients and as I take my last bite they announce that they're boarding my group. Toss my trash and I'm headin' home. Perfect!2013 #47 / 365
4	Double lettuce wrapped cheeseburger and fries were surprisingly good. Time to receive food was adequate and service was good. If I was rating on the fact that it was airport food it would be five stars.
1	Could all these reviews be the same place we tried recently?  Yep, i just checked my boarding pass.  We arrived just as they were opening in the morning.  It got so ridiculous  that I started taking notes on the back of my boarding pass.Should've walked away when the apathetic and surly girl behind the counter called the guy in front of us up and when he placed his order, told him they weren't ready to take orders yet! And it went downhill from there.  We ordered at 0459 and got our breakfast sandwich at 0512.  We were the second customers in line, and watched as five customers following us got their food first.  The place was chaos, there was no tracking of orders customers were just given food, presumably what they ordered, but not according to any system, the girl at the counter kept her back to the customers and stared into the kitchen, she was surly and rude and should most definitely be fired from customer service.  Customers just looked at one another and shook their heads.  We warned one guy off, he thanked us and left.  I have never seen anything like it.  I was truly worried about food poisoning, if the kitchen was so poorly managed what would the cleanliness be like?  Whoever owns this place:  You need to get some training, management and oversight going on!  ASAP.  Your place was a total embarrassment on 11 March 2013.
4	Of course there are a lot of mixed reviews here. This location is in the Airport. Term. 4 Sky Harbor on the US airways side.Kid working the counter was nice and tried to handle everyone as well as he could. The lady behind me was yelling because, there was no Bacon left.It was 5:00 at night on Easter Day. I got a Burger and Fries and an Ice Tea. I thought they were all really good. Not too bad of a price either.I did not wait too long for my food and it was nice and hot when I got it.The woman was still yelling at the kid because they were out of bacon.Hey, everyone just remember, it is not the fault of the emplyoees when things run out. That is management that does the ordering.Plus, you are making everyone work on Easter,I am sure they would all rather be home with their families. So spread the Joy not the Hate~
4	I have had the pleasure of eating here multiple times.  I love the single burger - the meat is always juicy and the bun is fresh and tasty!  Last time I was there I got a breakfast burger - and it was a little too much for me.  Very rich and too much to eat.  But I love the single burger!
5	Best airport food I have had in years!!!!  Burgers were hot, big and done as I asked.  Fries were hot and better than most fries at airports or others! Servers were cheerful and helpful and made a point  to tell us about free refills on drinks. A great stop if you're hungry in the Phoenix airport!
5	I never thought I would give an airport burger place a 5 stars. Yes, it was a perfectly cooked bacon double cheeseburger. Better than Five Guys, better than most burger joints I have been to. They really care that you have a good experience even though you are passing through and may never be back. For me, I'll be back because I go to Phoenix a lot. The manager also made a difference. He actually walked by and asked customers how their food was -  like it was a high end restaurant. He then remembered me when I got in line again for another drink. Fast service, good burgers, good fries.
4	Pretty tasty burger!! Very modern looking and refreshing. Sadly it's kinda small and people hover to wait for food, so you might want to bring your food elsewhere. However, I discovered that the space at the next door Olive and Ivy marketplace can be shared even though you eat at modern burger!!!! Hurray. Another tip for travelers, the wait is about 15-20 minutes during meal hours. So gauge your flight timing!! Finally, on to the food. I got the breakfast burger - bacon, fried egg, patty, lettuce, tomato and delicious mayo like sauce. It wasn't my favorite  burger BUT I would definitely try it again next time. The fried egg was a little too cooked for my liking but it wasn't noticeable. You can also get extras or tell them to cook your meat a certain way or remove some toppings. My favorite part of the burger was the sauce!!!! The bread was alright.. Kinda soggy. Not the worst though. I also got the fries. Mmmm not my favorite and I wouldn't recommend it. Fat and soft. And although it might just have been sitting out for 10 minutes, it was cold when I got it. :(Overall really good for airport food standard.
4	i've been lucky enough to visit here a few times, and each time, MB did NOT disappoint..!the "A5 breakfast sandwich" is awesome.  egg, cheese, bacon, avocado, mayo on a soft brioche bun.....mmmmmmm, yummy!  the breakfast burger also delish.other people say it's at "terminal 4".  CORRECTION- it's at terminal A, near gate 1.  screw all the other airport food joints.  THIS is the place to eat at!!
4	Daaanggg...This place is good. The crowd around the window brought my attention to Modern Burger.Your wait may be long but the burger is worth it. If you can appreciate a juicy but less messy burger than this is it! Seating is extremely limited so just take your meal and go sit elsewhere.
1	This place should be called microwave burger, not modern burger. Stopped by and had a single with cheese.  The burger was terrible and so was the service.  McDonald's is better than this place.
4	Great burger and the kid's meal is plenty of food for just $6
4	I really like the flavor of the food. I was not even hungry but definitely eat it all. Ok price for airport restaurants. I liked the fact that they where open after 9pm
5	Pretty quick service for the airport, staff is super happy and friendly. Definitely not a hassle for this $5 burger!
3	Grilled cheese sandwich was good, but small.
1	Cold and stale fries. Got the "modern dog" which is essentially a Chicago style hot dog. It wasn't clear whether they had bothered to heat it up or cook the hot dog as it was room temperature. Terrible terrible food.
4	Great burger - especially for an airport. I got it to go and ate it half way thru the flight and it was still very good.
4	Had a short layover in PHX airport terminal A. didn't have enough time to sit at a bar. saw this place and decided to give it a try. i was in the mood for hot breakfast food, but my flight landed at 11am local time. Most of the nearby eateries stopped serving their breakfast food at 10am, so I thought I would have to just "grab a burger and go".Found this place and saw the "breakfast burger" on the menu. Got it with the all beef patty, with bacon, fried egg (over easy), tomato, lettuce, cheese and thousand island spread... hell yeah! Hot breakfast food! kindof.. but it hit the spot and it was really good. Did not skimp on the bacon and the mixture of runny egg and cheese gave the texture of a good hash (except with ground beef not corned beef). Scarfed this sucker down so fast, I have time to write this review before boarding my connecting flight.didn't order any fries, so can't comment on that. would have ordered hash if they had some, but didn't. this is more of a burger and hot dog joint, not a "breakfast" place. But if you're feeling like some breakfast food, but every other eatery in terminal A says it's not the appropriate time for breakfast, take your business to modern burger and get your bacon/egg/cheese fix!Also ordered coffee. pretty light and standard large volume drip. nothing to write about here. just filled up my thermos for the plane.Alright! Gotta board my flight, but if you're in the area and need a quick fix, this breakfast burger's da bomb!!!Price is decent for Airport food. paid $7.50 for breakfast burger with beef and $2.25 for the coffee. Fast service. Great food. Won't miss your flight! Go Go Go!
4	For airport food, they make a decent burger.  Ordinarily I would give the burger itself three stars but again relative to your typical airport food this is a good choice.
3	I nearly fell over when I saw Modern Burger in Terminal 4 of PHX this morning. It was 7:30am, and all I could think was, Burger for Breakfast? Yes please. There aren't too many days I can pull off eating a burger in the morning so when I had the chance, I jumped on it. The cashier was friendly and the burger came out quick. Too quick actually. I knew then that it wasn't going to be the best burger ever, and I was right, but it sufficed. The Breakfast Burger had a little beef patty that was just a notch above a typical fast food chain in quality. There's also some kind of sauce on it that I didn't care for. On the bright side, the lettuce and tomato tasted fresh, and the bacon was think cut and very good. Having a fried egg on a burger is rarely a bad thing either. Not the worst place for an airport burger fix. It hit the spot, while also making me feel like I was living on the edge just a bit. Although, I wouldn't rush to have this Breakfast Burger again... if you want to rebel against morning, I also wouldn't dissuade you.
3	It's pretty good, but deceivingly pricy if you add on fries and a drink (the burger was only $8 but my total came to around $15). I also don't like that there's virtually no seating and it's extremely busy, which makes the whole experience kind of frantic. However if you're running to catch your flight and plan on eating at the gate, it's a pretty good bet; they're very fast. Just be sure to grab some extra napkins.
1	Worst burger ever. I cannot imagine why anybody is impressed by this place at all. The service is meh, the burger was mediocre at best. Fast food patty on a fat bun. A fat bun? Yes. The bun is soaked in butter and almost an inch of bread on either side of a mcdonalds thin patty. My burger was pink, is that even safe? There weren't that many people there yet they forgot my grilled onions. Normally I'd say something but it became obvious after two bites it would suck with or without onions, so whatever. The taste I see people raving about is steak salt. Fries are ok. Not sure why everyone says the tomato and lettuce are so super fresh, I mean it's not rubber but I wouldn't call it fresh either. If I come through Phoenix again I'll try something besides the Modern Burger, I think the only "modern" thing about it was trying to sell people a shitty product for more money.
4	Modern Burger's Grab and Go station serves healthy and high quality salads and sandwiches among other dishes.I had the black bean salad with cortija cheese and would highly recommend it. The greens were a crisp spring mix. It included black beans, pico de gallo, a sprinkling of corn kernels (not from a can because they were really crispy), avocado, and taco strips. At $8, this salad is comparable to the price of other airport meals. It was a substantial salad and everything was very fresh.I also saw a chopped salad and Chinese chicken salad at the station. The staff was friendly and the line was very short. You can also order other dishes at this station (burgers?).I would recommend Modern Burger for someone who appreciates healthy food while traveling, especially if you enjoy salads and veggies.
4	Try the modern burger with grilled onions... Yum!!!
5	Got a breakfast burger before catching a flight for the holidays, boy was I glad I skipped a Starbucks coffee!! Imagine in n out with bacon and a egg unreal and delicious. Service was fast, staff was not the friendliest would go again if in the area.
3	Decent burger (comes with lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions, and thousand island dressing) but I'd say slightly overpriced for nothing amazing. $5 for a single burger (no fries included). I added a fried egg for $1, which is definitely worth it cuz it made the burger way better. And splurged on the shake of the month (candy cane) for $5. The shake was surprisingly rly good though :) I guess it's a decent place for a quick airport meal
5	Awesome burger n fries. The bun is my favorite of any burger place
4	Am I in an airport? This is a really good burger for being an airport joint. Pricey, but better than any other airport food I've had.
3	So you are stuck in an airport and looking at Yelp for something delicious? Sorry, you are in an airport.That said, Modern Burger will fill you up for your next 3-4 hour flight. You won't tell anyone about your experience, but you won't have to eat a cold United breakfast burrito either.
4	mmm mmmm that's a tasty burger! If you're in the A terminal and have some time, I highly suggest this little burger stand over the other one  - less expensive and extremely tasty. I ordered a double with cheese, grilled onions, and a fried egg. Fantastic burger - makes you temporarily forget you're stuck at an airport!
2	My opinion is that the burger is about like mcdonalds with a better bun. I was filed cause the guy in front of me had what looked like a thick burger but he must have had a double cause the patties are thin. Also my order was incorrect. Fries were ok and I did not try one of their shakes.
3	Great burger for an airport locations.
3	I picked up a Modern Burger at the Phoenix Airport and ate it for lunch on my flight to Atlanta,  It sure beat the food for sale on the plane and was way better that the pre-made and more expensive sandwiches in Phoenix airport.  A pilot was in the line ahead of me.  His advice:  never buy the food on any plane and Modern Burger was the best, least expensive food in Sky Harbor.
2	Yelp had to remind me that I ate here. I ate the burger waiting in line because USAirways cancelled all the outbound flights to SFO for no reason.  So there's two things in this review that I would hesitate before doing again.
5	One of the best burgers I've ever eaten in my existence and I try it at an airport in Phoenix. Who would've known?! I can't pinpoint what it is exactly that makes these burgers so extraordinarily good. Maybe it's the extra melted cheese on my patty, or the super fresh veges that they add in. It also might be because I was as hungry as a pair of starving hyenas. The buns were so puffy with a bit of a crunch to it. They must have made it fresh! If I find out that any of the food there is frozen or processed, I will instantly become a fan of processed frozen food. Yep.. THAT'S how good those burgers are.
5	I can not fly into this airport and not get a burger from this place.  Its really good.
4	I had a quick layover and I was starving! I needed something close to my gate that was fast and easy. Modern Burger did just that and more. The Breakfast Burger caught my eye on their huge wall menu. Fresh ground beef, American cheese, bacon, tomato, lettuce, and fried egg. Everything in it I wanted! I ordered a single patty which came out to about $8. No fries or soda included. Airport food equals airport price. The burger was fantastic. I didn't really expect much. I was just hungry, period. Pleasantly surprised, the brioche bun was sweet, soft, and buttery. Love it when the starch sticks to the roof of my mouth! The beef patty tasted fresh and delicious, while the bacon was of abundance. Rarely the case and of all places, they got this down. I wish the fried egg had a runny yolk but that's already asking too much, huh?Nice and pleasant staff over the counter. Seating is limited. Just a bar with a few stools and a couple tables for two. Turnover is fast since everyone's rushing to a flight somewhere. Not bad at all!
4	hands down the best deal in sky harbor! this quality/ price algorithm is through the roof here, fast service and probably the best fully loaded grilled dog you will find for $5.25 in ANY airport
4	One of the best burgers I've had in recent memory.  A healthy shot of cheese, crispy bacon. Amazingly affordable for an airport restaurant.  My go to place for when I'm laying over in Phoenix in the future.
5	$5 for single or $6.50 for double burger, with cheese +0.50 and fried egg +1. Fries +$3 Surprisingly delicious!Especially for airport food, the price is not bad at all at around $11 for a meal and it tasted great. Soft bun, high quality patty, and who can deny a fried egg in a hamburger??? The fries were on the healthier side similar to In N Out, but with a little more seasoning. They tasted amazing too. Very fast service too, I don't see anything wrong with this place at all.
4	I tend to stay away from airport food (especially quick service) because it's usually a big trap and what you get never seem to match what you just paid for it. Modern Burger restored my faith (if there ever was faith there to begin with) with its reasonable prices, fast service, and most importantly: seemingly really good food.Have I lost you yet? Good food from a quick service counter in an airport? I do have to say that being absolutely starving after having landed for a layover and not really expecting too much has a lot to do with it. Modern Burger was right by the gate I exited out of and being a burger guy through and through it seemed like a sign from heaven.I got the Breakfast Burger and it ended up being about $8 with the addition of a fried egg. Fries and a drink would've been an additional $3. The burger was cooked well, flavorful, and hit the spot. I didn't have to wait long either which justified me getting the burger in the first place knowing full well how short of a layover time I had.Check it out if you ever find yourself passing by here. Definitely gave me enough fuel to endure a long flight. I've yet to find better quality/tasting airport quick service food.
3	2.5 - burger with fried egg3.0 - service3.0 - overall: very good for airport food.
5	Sam Fox is taking over the airport! It's nice to see more local businesses at Sky Harbor. You really can't lose with a Fox restaurant on or off airport property. I challenge any Sun Devil to do what this man has done ;)Seriously though, if you are passing through PHX and using Yelp and trying to decide what to do for food in the A concourse, do this or .....Olive and Ivy another Fox joint.
4	I don't fly through Phoenix enough to be all that familiar with the airport food options so, on a day when things didn't work out for me to have lunch before leaving the hotel, it was nice to find Modern Burger at my gate.  It's a pretty simple menu with single or double burger, a couple hot dog options and some salads.  Given the non-lunch and knowing I had 4+ hours in the air ahead of me, I went for the double burger with grilled onions and bacon.  The burger came out pretty quickly and I have to say it was delish.  I would absolutely eat at Modern Burger again in the future if I need a meal in the Phoenix airport!
5	The A5 breakfast sandwich is awesome!!  Egg, cheese, avocado, bacon and tomato (I don't like tomato, so I get it without it). The bun is so soft and delicious!  A must have sandwich if at Sky Harbor at breakfast time!
2	Everything is ok.  The only problem with my breakfast burger was the patty itself.  The meat was tough and dry.  Slightly cool so it seems like they made the patty in advance which I think explains the problem.Can't recommend this place.  If they would cook everything fresh then it would be 5 stars easy.
5	Order Breakfast Burger ($7.50) which include fried egg, bacon, cheese, lettuce, tomatoes. Perfectly great portion! If you order breakfast sandwich ($6.00) then it will not have the ground beef. Since I have to transit at PHX, I will recommend Modern Burger. Another choice I may try  next time is DeluxBurger (Located at Gate 23 - Terminal 4).
4	This this place is awesome! I came here on the advice of a flight attendant, she told me about this place when I asked her is there any good place to eat when I get to Phoenix.  I was blow away, the breakfast sandwich off the hook!If I'm ever at Sky Harbor airport again I'm defiantly will be eating here.
3	Decent burger. Overpriced,  but that's what you get at the airport. Fries were not fresh and were not warm.
4	Fast friendly service and a reasonably priced tasty cheese burger. Exactly what you want and need when you have a quick connection.
2	They should call it Modern Bun because there is 6x more bun than burger.  Remember the commercial "where's the beef?"   This definitely applies here.
4	Pretty good burger for an airport. Phx airport now has all local restaurants and this is one of them. Try it with a fried egg
4	Surprisingly good burgers and dogs! The only complaint is $2.25 for a 20oz soda seems excessive... but that is the nature of eating in an airport!
5	Worth mentioning in a conversation about Five Guys and/or In-N-Out. Especially considering it's true underdog status of airport food. The same style of ordering, single or double patty, w/ or w/o onions, and of course thousand island. Milkshakes are good too.
4	On my flight delay, I stopped by to eat modern burger. The burger patty was quality meat, but the burger it self was a little too oily for me. The bun is quite different from any other burger. Overall pretty good, I ordered a double party burger costing around $7.15 just for the burger.
3	Pretty expensive for a burger that ran out of Cheese.  Ordered the double burger with bacon and no sauce and fries.  It came out to $12 around.  Fries were good, they tasted like lawry's salt on them.  Good thing I saved a can of coke during my first flight so that i didn't have to pay for soda.
4	Typically cautious with airport food. Quick service and reasonably priced. A leap above typical airport fast food choices.
4	I discovered this place during a layover in the Phoenix airport. At the time I was just happy to find a place that was still serving food after 10pm (had to walk all the way from the B gates to the A gates on my journey for dinner). The burger was pretty good and I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and taste. Price wise my whole meal (single burger, fries and a drink) came to $12. I would definitely eat here again if I ever find myself back at the Phoenix airport.
3	Okay I have a goal to write more yelp reviews so why not start now? Place is good. One cashier was friendlier than the other when I was there (I got the lesser friendly one). Great value for airport food but it didn't blow me away. I will eat there again but I probably wouldn't go there if It wasn't at the airport and I had more choices.
3	Pretty good burger place in an airport! Got the breakfast burger and it was delicious. Bacon, fried egg and a juicy patty - what could go wrong? The price is reasonable but the portion was a bit small.
3	A nice little burger joint in Phoenix terminal A concourse. The food was actually quite good, the double burger was beyond juicy and tasteful while the seasoned fries were excellent.  The operational layout is what leaves a bit to be desired.  It has a walk up counter order area that is also your pick up area when they call your number.  There is not enough space for both of these operations to occur smoothly in that small spot.  If it's not crowded, I recommend it.
5	I tried a burger with a fried egg on it. It was the best thing I've ever tasted. Get the double cheeseburger with grilled onions and fried egg.
4	Good food. They sell kids meal that is just right for me. It includes a slider (which is pretty much a full sized burger) , French fries (fresh and generous portion) and drink, for like 6 bucks. This is my favorite airport food actually. The bar next to it is a good place to hangout for a beer when waiting for your next flight.
5	Burgers are small but really delicious!!!! Buns are grilled and buttered. Fresh meat and melted cheese.. We had to order one more.. And the service is fast. In short, great burgers..
