5	Downtown destination. Carnivore? You must get the Phx French dip or the amazing Roosevelt Reuben, yeah duck pastrami baby. Melt in your mouth amazement. Have a date that enjoys a vegetarian meal. Well you're covered with an amazing sweet potato & black bean burger. The beer list is fantastic although they are not brewing yet. Most of the system is in and hopefully we'll get a taste of Mother Bunch Beer soon. Parking is a little tight so do the urban thing , and walk, bike, hike or bus it in. Decor is very comfortable and welcoming.
5	It's time!  Mother Bunch time, that is.  Park along the generous neighboring streets, get lucky with a spot in the adorably small parking lot, or lock your bike in the convenient rack directly in front of the door.  When you enter, you'll be greeted by a contagiously happy host who'll ask for your seating preference (bar or table), and direct you that way with magnetic enthusiasm.  I chose to sit at the bar, which was a fabulous decision, though by the looks of the tables and booths, you really can't go wrong.  When I was walking back to the restroom (which there are two of, they're unisex and private.  Nice.), I noticed some beautiful church pews that served has booths, and learned that they were from an old church in Tucson. Very nice touch.  The bar is the centerpiece of this brightly lit establishment, and they've taken great care to make it comfortable and beautiful.  I was immediately impressed by the counter top, which seems to be a granite/concrete mixture with dazzling color in its unique finish.  There's a large blackboard on the wall that dons all of the beer choices, which is easy to read and visually appealing.  If you're in the mood for a mixed drink, there are plenty of choices as they have a full bar (though I glossed right over that and focused on the brews).  My sister and I were shocked that we were able to talk to each other using our inside voices, despite the packed house and classic rock playing in the background.  Must be those magical 1926 acoustics.  It's going to take a minute before they're able to start pouring their own house brews, but they have wisely chosen some great local and craft beers that'll entice a wide variety of taste buds.  My bartender, James, was knowledgeable and eager to please when it came to choosing the best and the brightest.  The Borderlands Citrana Wild Ale is now a favorite, and I had no idea they were making this lovely liquid in Tucson.  Nice.  THE FOOD!  The food.  The menu is simple in design, but complex in its variation.  I chose the vodka citrus cured salmon, and my sister got the steak (sliced prime rib).  We were so pleasantly surprised to see the use of pickled fennel throughout the menu, which you don't see many places, if any!  If you haven't had pickled fennel, get'chu some pickled fennel.   The house made sauce that came with the steak was an absolute treat, and definitely stood out.  But the mashed potatoes were just fantastic.  Smooth, creamy, and perfectly seasoned.  Our one complaint was that we wanted more, like piles more.  Mountains.  The cured salmon was buttery and balanced beautifully.  It was such a surprise to see it as an option on a bar menu, and I'm so glad I chose it.  It came with some crispy bread, capers, onions, a creamy goat cheese spread, and that lovely pickled fennel.  I loved it, loved it.  The prices reflect the quality and creativity in the menu, so it's not your $5 burger and fries place.  I did notice quite a few orders of their home made pork rinds, which were so crispy, you could hear people bite into them from across the room!  You could probably order a couple of those, a few beers, and pat your belly in happiness.  They're probably going to be a happy hour favorite, I'm guessing.This is a wordy review, but I'm not going to apologize.  I'm so excited that this place exists, and I'm very proud of the owner, Julie, (who was walking around talking to patrons and seemed to be beaming with well deserved pride).  William Hampton is the head brewer, and he has a lot of fun work ahead of him with some fantastic equipment.  I can't wait to taste his first lineup, which includes a hearty oatmeal stout, and some creative small batch concoctions.  Downtown is a lucky sonofabitch to have Mother Bunch.  Quality.
4	Such a fun little spot for the DT art district! Everyone was so nice, and we were seated immediately. It was very difficult to decide what to eat, everything looked wonderful. I decided on the French Dip, and husband had the Reuben. The Dip was extremely flavorful and well-made. The Reuben was also tasty, but it lacked the amount of meat the French Dip had. Their home brews are not available yet, but I wasn't too disappointed as there were all local brews to choose from, including my favorite Sonoran White Chocolate Ale. This was their soft-opening, and I look forward to going back and tasting more off the menu!
5	For the grown, sexy and comfortable. This spot is really a surprise punch from the blindside. My preconceived notions were spanked. The Roosevelt Row & Garfield Districts are known for their budding artistry, medical/journalism students and hipster vibes but I'm all about solid quality and value. Trendy chic is kid stuff. I want to spend my money and time in the company of people who can deliver what I need. I need great food. They deliver. Big. Mashed potatoes, a simple side dish that'll make your panties drop. Steaks? Burgers? Chicken? Yes, yes, and hell yeah. The kitchen don't play.I need great service. They've hired the best team in Phoenix, hands down. The chef is a goddess. The servers and bar staff bring their A-game with charm. I have reason to suspect that for the owners and managers, Mother Bunch is a labor of love. Chili's and Applebee's can't compete with real artisans who love their craft.I need a bar that's in it to win me, not my wallet. Oh, Mother Bunch, we'll be seeing a lot of each other.
5	Absolutely amazing pretty much sums it up! Dare I say it, they are up there with Four Peaks and San Tan in the brewery restaurant world. I have yet to sample their brews but the selection of other crafts are on par. They allow flights of any four beers on the menu and have unique cocktail offerings for those non-beer drinkers. The food is what would really keep me coming back though... can we take a moment of silence for the best mac and cheese please?! I had the tuna sandwich while others at my table had the reuben and prime rib. Everyone was more than satisfied by the taste and healthy portions. There are a few complaints but nothing that would decrease this review from a 5, more of an FYI. The fries could use some work; they tasted more like Wendy's fries and I know they could do better judging from the rest of the food. The church pew seating was a little awkward. My knee kept hitting the end pole and it was creepy to have another couple sharing the same ledge with two conversations going at one table. Too many times someone would have to get up and the whole line of people felt the slide as they squeezed out. Overall, great experience and I will definitely be back after recommending to friends and coworkers!
4	Mother Bunch is not your typical brewery.  In addition to the culinary delights, this place has a good selection of wine, beer, cocktails, and shandies.  I tried the smoked wings and Beer Mac (aka mac n cheese).  Both dishes were well executed.  It was some of the best mac I've had in a while.  I was so impressed with the food, I opted to try of their desserts...the Caramelized Apple Cake...and it was really good.  I definitely did not regret the extra calories.  Its hard to believe that this place only opened a few days ago.  The service was smooth and food was executed as described.In terms of logistics, there is a parking lot but its pretty small and fills up quickly.I'm not a beer guy and don't frequent breweries, but I'm glad I learned about Mother's Bunch.  Its a bar, its an eatery, and resto-lounge.  Definitely check this place out!
5	Great spot for lunch when you are downtown.   Try the turkey dish and you will not be disappointed.  For dessert you will not go wrong with the apple cake and salted Carmel ice cream.   Service was top notch and everyone was friendly.
5	Well make it official: there is a brewery down the road!! Soo happy Mother Bunch has opened!! 20 beers on tap, an awesome food menu.. And a killer staff to make this place a cornerstone of the downtown corridor!! Mostly excited they have broken the threshold for the 7th st barrier!! I feel like it's business and consumers that will help expand the business district that is growing in downtown!!! More commerce + more restaurant venues = more people coming to downtown!! And Mother Bunch will definitely assist in attracting those people!! Excited to have a new member of the downtown PHX Family!!
5	great drinks and bartenders are super friendly and helpful! Gave me a lot of suggestions and told us their favorite dishes. The sandwich PBBLT, was OKAY, but my friend's turkey sandwich and cheeseburger looked really awesome. We got a side of veggies that were delicious. Love the open but "local" feel, with an industrial touch :)
4	I really enjoyed our lunch. We had the wings (sorry no picture--we were so hungry) then I had the salmon plate and others at our table had sliders, roasted garlic, and tuna melt. I loved my salmon. So delicious! I asked for gluten free so they added extra veggies. My partner said the sliders were just a touch dry. Great beer selection and friendly service. It took a while to get our check. Really cool design. Great job on the refurb.
1	UPDATE! So, as you all can see below, the owner called me out as being drunk. First of all, I was not drunk. Some people in my group were, but not me. Second of all, prior to posting that, she emailed me the following:Libby, thank you for your critique!  I hope that you will give us another chance and would like to offer you a meal on us.  We have only been open for a week and still working to improve our service.So, I ask. Why call out someone as drunk and then offer them a free meal? Sounds like someone is a little confused/doesn't want to admit to the public that she was in the wrong. I was thinking of giving them another chance, but after reading her comment, not a chance.So in my frustration yesterday, I didn't take the time to properly write out a review due to how angry I was. Here is my revised review:We came here as part of a stop in the Urban Ale Trail. Now while we may have come due to that, we had been stopping at most places and ordering more beer and food that wasn't part of the promotion. We had a group of 15 and took a large table in the back. After 20 minutes of no service, we were yelled at for taking up a table. Of course, a few of us had sampler beers but we wanted to order more. I went looking for a server, to no avail, and on my way back, an older blonde lady said "get out of the way this is a fire hazard". I explained that I was trying to get back to my table and she said "you shouldn't be over there anyway, this is not for the event-you have to stand over by the bar". I said that we've been looking for a server, as we wanted to order beer. She didn't say a word, just walked away. Another 15 minutes goes by and still no server. At this point the lady running the kitchen walks over and apologizes. The owner eventually walks back up to us and asks why we are still there. We explained that we wanted to order 6 pitchers. She continued to be extremely rude, so we all got up and walked out. A server followed us out and apologized, saying the owner was stressed, but she shouldn't have treated us like that (I left out some choice words that the owner had for us). I can tell you now that none of us will be back. I am appalled that the owner felt it was appropriate to talk to her patrons in that manner. At least her employees were polite and apologized for her.
2	Beers are not that impressive. Too many d-bags in there. Lame that is has valet parking. The food was gross, didn't look or taste good at all and was painfully overpriced not to impress. Another trendy wannabe foodie/beer spot. It has so much potential so hoping it takes constructive criticism and gets better.
4	Let me first say that I'm glad to see Mother Bunch chose to call downtown Phoenix home, and having visited on its 4th day in business, I understand that there are still some kinks that need to be worked out. Also, Mother Bunch didn't have any of its own beers available and said that was still a few weeks away, so I feel like without that component, this review is still a bit incomplete.That said, here are my first impressions:THE GOOD--The 20 taps all feature local beer, and an impressive range at that. It also changes throughout the night as one selection runs out and gets replaced, so on a busy night you can choose from 25-30 beers.--The food was solid; I had the tri-tip sandwich and mac & cheese and was very happy with the meal. Everyone around me seemed to be enjoying their meals as well and I didn't hear a single issue about the food, plus heard numerous compliments on the meat-free options. They definitely didn't overlook the food component of the experience.--By and large the staff seemed incredibly friendly and energetic as well as knowledgeable about what was on tap and on the menu.THE THINGS THAT NEED WORK--When I walked in by myself, I was greeted with the all-too-common "just one?" I'm not sure if others find this as demeaning as I do, but I personally hate it. Just say hello/good evening/welcome and leave the quasi-judgment out of it. There will come a point in my life where I will just turn around and leave upon hearing this.--There's a hanging rack for glasses in the middle of the bar space, which seems to obstruct the chalkboard with the current beers on tap for a number of patrons. As a primarily beer bar, I can't understand why they would want cocktail glasses obstructing the view of the beer menu.--As a place that prides itself on local beer, I was puzzled to see why they had so many logoed goods from mainstream brands at the bar: Absolut Cosmopolitan shakers, Hendricks Gin napkin holders, Grey Goose bar mats, etc.--Similarly, I didn't notice that many local spirits, but rather the mainstream selections. I know they want/need to appeal to as wide of a range of people as possible, but it would be nice to see local/craft spirits used for the non-beer drinker that wants a rum & Coke.--Along the lines of appealing to as many people as possible, having been seated close to a table with a few screeching and rambunctious children, I really wish this was either a 21+ over place or at least 13+ over or something. As the Trappist Monks used to say, nothing ruins a good beer like a noisy child.--Some parts of the service seemed a bit off as a to-go order attributed to my seat took a few minutes to find its owner (it wasn't mine either) and my dessert was brought out with two spoons for some reason.--While it's a festive place, I wouldn't mind seeing some noise dampening material added in the ceiling or to the walls to help absorb some stray noise. Overall, I was impressed by my first trip to Mother Bunch Brewing and look forward to going back to try more of the menu and the MBB beers once they hit the taps. While none of the above things are truly deal breakers, they are the things that will determine how many of my dining dollars end up here and how many end up at other restaurants in increasingly competitive downtown Phoenix .
3	First time visitor.  I just live down the street so I appreciate Mother Bunch opening here.  Came on Sunday with several purposes: Check out the new place, watch the Cardinals football game, have some beers, get some lunch/try the food.CHECK OUT THE NEW PLACE: I'm a bicycle rider so appreciated the bike rack out front (although too small for 26" wheels or larger frame bikes).  Inside is great, open, lends itself well to historic preservation of the building.  Nice simple decor, a horseshoe bar facing the chalkboard wall of 20 taps of mostly local crafts.  I like that Bud Light and other crappy domestics are NOT served here.  I wouldn't want to be seated at small corner tables in back, seem a little confining.  There's a few comfy lounge chairs and coffee tables for drinking and conversation.  The bar and stools are comfortable, bar is large solid concrete.  The staff was very friendly, I could tell a couple of the owners were present, and one of them asked me to try to the food, I was too busy drinking at the time :) .  Sunday afternoon was calm, not too many people in the restaurant, so I can't comment on customer service under duress, but they were very attentive to me.WATCH THE FOOTBALL GAME:This is not a sports bar understandably, and as such they don't have the volume of the games playing over the sound system.  The music was classic rock and not too loud, so I appreciated that.  Although it would be nice to have hometown sports games on the sound system.  They have two 46 -50' flatscreens on either side of the chalkboard, that are visible enough if you're sitting at the bar (they are mounted pretty high), another one way back in the corner.  So if you're a hardcore fan like me, you might want to go somewhere else to watch a game with larger displays and sound.  (here to see Cardinals vs. 49ers)HAVE SOME BEERS:A good selection of beers, and the bartender gave me multiple samples to try.  Price for 16 ounce draft was $6.  I didn't see evidence of happy hour prices except for select food items, so beer doesn't come at a discount.  The beer was cold and mine were served in pilsner glasses.  I'm looking forward to trying their beer.  Cocktails also on the pricey side starting at $10, although I expect to pay higher for premium wells - I'm a Vodka fan and I spotted Tito's and Grey Goose.  So a Martini might cost me $10+ and they have an appetizer of "smoked olives" for $10?  Okay i just spent $20 :)GET LUNCH/TRY THE FOOD:I was mainly interested in having beers and watching the game so I ordered appetizers.  I ordered the"Salty Pork Rinds"  I'm sorry I wasn't impressed, the rinds were half chewy, half crunchy, but they were warm.  Next I ordered a burger sliders and some fries.  If I remember correctly a side of fires is $7.50? (med size serving).  the fries were good, potato skin.  The burger slider (pretzel bun) was tasty, only comment here was the cheddar cheese slices were cold in the slider, the slider could have been warmer overall, I should have sent it back, but again i was too busy drinking and watching the game :)Overall I rate OK, but I would definitely come back here because of the location, and to try other items on the menu.  My tab was $26.  Thanks MOTHER BUNCH!
5	Cozy space. Staff was incredibly knowledgable about the beer selection. I hadn't had as much trouble picking a meal in a while as I did here since everything sounded delicious.The wings were falling off the bone and the burger was incredible. Can't wait until I'm downtown again to stop in here.
4	Mother Bunch is a breath of fresh air added much needed craft beer and yummy food to roosevelt row. They have literally just opened their doors and already there are very few kinks to work out - that's impressive. This place is gorgeous, decorated very cleanly and simply with a nice big bar in the middle and plenty of space. We got a tour from the brewer of the brewing space in the back and its really coming along nicely. They hope to have that up in running soon so we all get to try some of the MB Brew. In the interim, they feature 20 all AZ taps that are really great - not just the normal fare that you see around but also some interesting beers. I had a Fresh Hopped IPA (Fresh Magic), a Sour (Citrana), and a Black IPA (Lost Highway) which were all great - it was a little tough to swallow the $6/beer even during happy hour though but overall I was happy. They had some great discount food options to make the happy hour more happy - including a mac and cheese trio and house made pork rinds. Really cool spot, I recommend checking this out and saying hi to the friendly staff there. I'll be back again for lunch this week!
4	Went last nite. Great atmosphere and food outstanding. Mac and cheese. Hubby had smoked tuna fish sandwich and loved it. Also enjoyed flight of local beers!  Can't wait to go back!
5	We won an opportunity to go to a pre-opening dinner and have been back twice since then in the last two weeks.  The staff is supper knowledgable about the beers: all Arizona breweries until they get their brews started.  The food is excellent.  I think the mac has some blue cheese in it, so be warned if that is not your liking.  I've had the fish, a dinner salad, and fancy veggie burger.  All were fantastic.  The prices aren't cheap, but are a good value for what you get.  My husband is a buger snob and has decided theirs is the best he has ever had.
5	Mother Brunch is gem! When I walked into the place I was immediately greeted by the staff and took a seat at the bar. One of the waiters came by and asked what I would like to have, which led into a conversation on how they brew their beers, and the science behind it. After I ate I was even given a tour of the brewing station in the back and learned all about what goes into actually making a beer from start to finish. I have never had a brewery offer that. This really is a one of a kind place.I ordered the sweet potato and black bean burger and they were kind enough to substitute the bun for a lettuce wrap.  I also upgraded the fries to the mac and cheese or "Beer Mac" I must say, though it was my my favorite, it is on the list of top 5 favorite mac and cheese in the state. My friend ordered their steak special with veggies and mash potatoes. I had a bite and the steak was tender and cooked with a nice flavor. The mashed potatoes though, that was INCREDIBLE. So creamy and with fresh chives on top. I secretly wanted to steal a bite every time he looked away.Later the owner came by and stopped to talk with us. She is so friendly and really down to earth. During our conversation it was apparent that she loved what she did and had spoke with such passion about her staff and what it took to open the place. She was what every brewery owner should be. I will be back!
5	Solid brewery in Garfield neighborhood! Had Sonoran white chocolate, xoxo, coconut joe, and iron wood imperial porter. This sounds like a lot of beer but you get the choice of size which is awesome to be able to order a 4 ouncer. The black bean sweet potato vegan burger with veggies was well prepared and tasty. It's nice when a brewery recognizes the veg and vegan options and doesn't just serve meat and cheese heavy dishes.The waitstaff are great. Very friendly, seated right away, and helpful with the menu. They didn't hassle me about my service dog or crazy cart (we were just at the farmers market). They didn't ask a ton of crazy questions, or make statements "like good for you for getting out". Very professional.The decor is a conversation starter. Located in a registered historic building, the renovation of the building is super cool. Huge bar with plenty of lighting. Repurposed church pews take the cake! Modern leather couches and exposed brick give it a loft feel.All around great and I will be back!
4	I recently stumbled upon a cute NEW brewery in centralish phoenix.  I was very surprised when I walked inside to see the adorable, clean interior.  The red brick offers a historic phoenix feel, love it. The staff is very friendly and fun, my server Phoebe was great.  We bonded over they fun of central/downtown phoenix life.Food:  I had the BBQ wings, eh they were OK.  The big concern for me was the menu price point, I felt it was a little high for the area and being a cool, trendy brewery.  There were 5 entrees and 2 of the entrees on the menu were labeled "market price" , that narrows the choices to 3 three very quickly.  Anyways, hope they will figure that out soon, because it will cost them customers and they wont even know it because their new and people will just not come back.  Overall, worth stopping in and enjoying a Sunday afternoon "Day Drinking".
4	Big things are in store for this new addition to the RoRo/dtphx neighborhood.  Unlike other breweries or ale houses in the area they offer a full bar. This is big especially when someone in your party just can't do beer. Their menu looks amazing, while I didn't try the food, everyone around me at the bar was raving. Enjoy sitting at the chefs table with a view of the kitchen when at a restaurant? They have a bar table set back from the main dining area with a view of the action. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable. While drinking my beer my water glass was always being filled and as soon as my beer was running low they were checking in on me. Don't worry, not in a pushy way.Looking forward to trying their food on my next visit.
4	Been really looking froward to Mother Brunch Brewery for a while now. Glad they are finally open! So we made plans to come down here in a Saturday night. I really liked the brick building that it's housed in now and the warm feeling on the brewery with tables and the cello seating area up front with couches. It's seemed a little busy so we sat in the couches and ordered a few beers. I had to admit I was unhappy when I found out that they didn't have any of their own brews in tap. Found out they are brewing several right now so I'll have to be patient. But what I did like that all of the 20 beers they have were AZ local beers. I love it when our local bars support the local breweries! Tasted the mac and cheese and wings and bother were good. I don't know what flavor the wings were but they were great!I'll have to come back once I find out when their own beers are on tap. After that I'll update their rating. As of now I'll keep it at 4 stars for keeping real to being local and their great old building set up. I was told that it was an old grocery store. Cool building. Maybe they add to a the parking lot to make a small patio?? That would be even better!
4	Very nice atmosphere that goes along great with the excellent food and a great selection of local and national beers. We had the 3 mac and cheeses - the sriracha one was my favorite, and a couple of sliders. Excellent. I look forward to returning when Mother Bunch gets their first round of beers ready.
5	This might be my new favorite place. The food was really good. It's only been open a few weeks but the staff really has its act together. We sat at the bar which is a large U-shape with plenty of seating. Each of the servers knew the menu and the beer was tasty. It wasn't their beer that they will eventually produce on the premesis. Until the first batch is ready to serve the local brews are worth a visit. We sampled sliders, a French dip and some of the best Mac n cheese ever. I will for sure be going back.
5	Very happy and excited to have a place like this in the area. Even more excited once they start brewing their own beer (hopefully in a couple weeks)! Draft selection is pretty solid. They currently carry a wide variety of Stouts, IPAs, Blondes, Porters, and Belgians. If you can't make up your mind, no worries! You can order 2oz or 4oz for flights or larger once you've picked your favorite. What really impressed me was their food and service. Mac and cheese alone was phenomenal!You can also appreciate how much the entire staff cares as the house brewer stopped by to let us know they'll be brewing their own beer soon and the chef even came by to check up on us and get our honest opinion of the food. Wait staff is super friendly and they just make you feel at home. I'll definitely be back for the food and especially once they start brewing their own beer!
5	Conveniently located in downtown Phoenix, Mother Bunch is a great place to stop in if you're looking for good food and great beer. I popped in last night for dinner and was pleased to find this new hangout spot comes well equipped with a full bar and 20 beers on tap. Their portion sizes on their meals are huge, and their food is killer.
5	I've never written a review before, but this place was so amazing I downloaded this app just so I could share the awesomeness! It was hard to decide on what to order, everything on the menu looks unbelievably delicious. The burger with the fried egg was by far the best burger I've ever had. Great selection of beer, very friendly and knowledgeable staff, comfortable decor. The owner Julie is just lovely and the story behind her and the restaurant make the place that much better!
4	Mother Bunch is a delightful place right off Roosevelt row.  We were delighted with the staff, and though it was mostly single twenty something's dining, our party had two babies with us and felt right at home.  Wife's burger was absolutely fabulous, though I had one all nitpick about my salad- too many onions for a goat cheese and pear combination.  The bill was cheap, beer selection was great, and I can't wait to try their own brews once they're ready.  Nice neighborhood place in central Phoenix, you should give it a shot.
4	I have been waiting with much anticipation for Mother Bunch to open, and am very happy to say they are a great addition to the downtown/Roosevelt area. I went with the husband yesterday for a pint and some wings. Upon entering, you can see that they put a lot of work into making this an open and neat looking space. The bar is in the center with tables all around it (including large tables that have church pews as the benches.... awesome!). They have many beers on tap, mostly local, all craft brews. Our waitress was very nice and helpful, she could see I was waffling on which beer to order and offered to bring a sample of the beer I was debating on. Not only did she bring the sample of the requested beer, but also a sample of another beer she thought I might like... how nice is that? I ended up getting the Deer Lord, which I have never had before, and liked it very much. The husband had the Scottsdale Blonde (and he liked that, ha). We received our wings quickly and it was a huge pile of wings. They had a good ratio of drumstick to wing (I don't know about you, but most everyone I know prefers the drumsticks and when a restaurant only gives you one or two, that can be a problem). The flavor of the wings was good, very different than most, very smokey. I do wish they had the same flavor but with added spiciness... they needed more kick in my opinion. Other than that, they were good. The waitress also sold me on the apple cake with salted caramel gelato and beer infused whipped cream (I'll admit, it was an easy sell). She told me it was one of her personal top 5 desserts in Phoenix. When it came out, the sheer size of this slice was daunting. It was a BIG piece of cake. But it was really delicious.... and we ate the whole thing.... we're pigs. It is a slice of an almost caramelized tasting cake with slices of apples on top, which was decent on its own, BUT when paired with the incredible gelato, it was a real winner. The gelato was fantastic, went well with the cake, and even had some bits of chocolate in it (which always helps). The beer whipped cream didn't taste too beer -y, but was delicious cuz... whipped cream...you know. Overall, the dessert was pretty fabulous. I would come back just for the dessert, but I would also like to try their other food items and their beer (once it's made available!). Will be back!Update: I have been back twice - once for brunch and once for beer and mac and cheese. The brunch was fair, but we went on the first day they served it - I'm sure it will be wonderful once the kinks are worked out. It is a great deal though, 10-12$ for a meal and a beer or mimosa.... awesome! I got to try their house brew Saison, which was delicious.... it had a lot of spices in it, but was still light. The real star here, though, (other than the dessert) was the beer mac.... OH MAH Gawd...... That is some of the most delicious mac I have had in Phoenix. It has the perfect amount of beer flavor. I want to come back and just eat beer mac forever (ha). The price is also reasonable (8$), especially for the size of the portion. I will reiterate, will be back!
4	Great place and friendly staff.  We'll be back once their own brews are out.
3	Food was good. We had the Rueben (duck pastrami) with the $1 upgrade to beer mac (worth it - very good!) and the Westerner Burger (it had fried onion strings, jalapenos and BBQ sauce) with fries. The Rueben was pretty tasty but I'm a fan of duck anything. The homemade sauerkraut was more mild than normal, which I prefer. The burger was really tasty, although a bit too greasy. The fries were really good - cooked perfectly. We also ordered the Gourgeres - but it never came, which ended up working out because we were stuffed. Although the food was tasty, we had a very awkward experience here. We were seated directly in front of the open kitchen so we were able to see everything going on there. While waiting for our food, we kept hearing the head chef yelling at the line cooks. Grant it - they were getting the orders wrong but she was literally screaming at them several times! We felt like we were watching an episode of Hell's Kitchen. At one point,one of the wait staff was in the kitchen and she said "Why are you in here? Do you need something?" and "I don't want you just hanging around in here!". Geez lady, relax. There is a more professional way she could have handled it.
3	I like the bar area, but the one big wall on the left is just too white for me. It was also pretty expensive compared to a lot of the other bars in the area. Thought there would be more local brews and a better variety, especially for the price.
4	Love Kelli the bartender would come back just for him. See kelly at the bar he will be your go to guy! my favorite  bartender there. Only had a few things but what we had was great. They have ALL local brews despite a previous reviewers comment.
5	Citran something or other.... Holy Hell delicious!  Great selection for beer.This was our third stop for the night so we only had beer & dessert.  I only tried the smores fondue & brownie.  The fondue was great!  All in all service, selection & desserts were amazing.  My friends & I will be back.  They pre bus, they're friendly & good at their job.  Gotta love it.  Wish i lived closer.Oh & their host was so cute & thoughtful.Next time I want mussels.
4	We've been watching this place the past few months and eagerly anticipating its opening.  We stopped in with some friends this weekend to grab a drink and some dinner.  They have a great, local beer selection and the food was great too!  I tried the sweet potato and black bean burger with a side of beer mac...yummy!  Everyone was happy with their beer and their food, so we'll definitely be back!
3	So here is the good and the bad;The Good: The food. Although I have not had any entrees, but my girlfriend said everything she had was absolutely amazing. I myself have had the happy hour Mac n Cheese Trio; which was great a month ago but we did honestly get an iffy order the other day. The loaded french fries where also awesome (add the tri-tip, amazing). The beer selection is also a plus. Don't know if it's an on going thing, but all twenty taps were local Arizona breweries. We finally tried their own beers too. I thought the Pale Ale was their best, as the Cherry Porter was only slightly cherry-ish. The Goze was also one of the most unique beers I've ever tried; something like a soughdough bread beer. The Bad: First off parking sucks, but then again, everywhere in downtown Phoenix has bad parking. Either the tiny lot is full or reserved for valet. Anyway, while the food is good, it is a bit on the pricey side and I feel breweries are more of a casual hangout spot so it's hard to throw down $15 to $18 for an entree on top of beers. Also, I love Happy Hour and I was surprised to find a bar & brewery that doesn't have beer on Happy Hour? Only sides & apps. Overall; great beer selection, great appetizers, no beer happy hour and slightly higher priced meals. We would definitely go back, but probably for a group event (as there is a lot of space) or special occasion like a birthday.
5	A brand new brewery opened in town recently. I saw some check ins on Untappd and remember seeing the construction a couple of months ago. I stopped in on my way home from work and it was not busy - only a couple of customers. The building was very spacious and had a nice exposed brick that gave it a cool warehouse feel. The bar had plenty of seating and there were tables that should give the brewery plenty of room on what I imagine will be busy weekends. Just down the street from Chase Field and US Airways it is in a great location to pick up pre and post-game drinks.They have four of their own beers:  Mother's Gose, Aramis Pale, Oatmeal Stout, and the Cherry Popper. I had a flight of the four, and each was good. The Aramis had a hint or orange and the cherry was not overpowering in the Cherry Popper. They also have a nice selection of local beers from Huss, College Street, Papago, Grand Canyon, San Tan, Dragoon, Sonoran, and Lumberyard. It was a nice surprise to also see Ninkasi on tap because it is new to Arizona distribution just in the last couple of weeks. I was also impressed by the prices. All beers were the same price! 4 oz flight class $2, 10 oz $6, 16 oz $8, and a 32oz growler for $10. Say what? $10?It was a nice place and I am glad to see another location for good local craft beer. They have food too, but I didn't check that out this visit. Next time!
5	What a great new place downtown!  Neighborhood bar comfort. Feels like home.  Wish I lived closer. It would be a regular nightly hangout.It's only been open 6 weeks and on a weeknight there was standing room only and the parking lot was full. Local beers on tap . . . plus their own..  Menu included plenty of choices and everything I saw come out of that small kitchen was scarfed up without a crumb left on the plates. . . . and the servings were generous. Another great new addition to the continuing eateries and breweries in the greater Phoenix Valley of the Sun. Try it. You will not be disappointed. Wanna meet there for a burger and a beer? Maybe two? Tomorrow night?
4	Found this place on accident one Sunday, they had actually only been open three days at the time.  What a score!!!!!  We have been back a few times now, I only wish it was a little closer to my house so i could stop in more often. The staff is so friendly and helpful!  Mac and Cheese trio was delicious to say the least...they have one of my favorite local brews on tap which is yet another plus.  I just don't have anytihing other than good things to say and if you have time stop in and give it a try.
2	With so many options in Downtown Phoenix for happy hour we will not be visiting this place again unless beer goes on happy hour. How ridiculous! The excuse is that they are waiting for their own beers and then put them on happy hour prices but I felt very cheated when I went there for happy hour and when we got our bill realized there were no happy hour prices. I really hope they can do something about that and then we can give them another chance.
3	A place with much potential, though much of that potential has thus far been unrealized.  Downtown Phoenix residents (myself included) have rejoiced over having a microbrewery to call our own (at long last).  With all the college campuses dotting the Downtown landscape as well as the full time 20 and 30 somethings in the neighborhood, a mom and pop microbrewery is just what the doctor ordered to help continue Downtown's culinary renaissance.  While they're off to a decent start, much can be improved upon.The location for the brewery is absolutely perfect.  In an old red brick building right along 7th Street just south of Roosevelt.  If you were to look at this building from the exterior you'd swear this building has been a microbrewery forever.  It just has that look of an old brewery building from the outside, much like Sam Adams in Boston or Yuengling in rural PA.  I came here with some friends on a mid-Saturday afternoon, shortly after Mother Bunch announced they were now selling their own in-house brews.The interior maintains much of its old charm while adding some modern touches.  The horseshoe style bar area is the first thing you see as you walk in with chalkboards showing the brews on tap as well as food and drink specials for the day.  There's also ample restaurant style seating with tables large enough for big groups and church pews substituting for chairs for large group seating.  Really laid back atmosphere.Most of the brews they have on tap are Arizona microbrews, but I was actually disappointed to see that only one of Mother Bunch's in-house brews was on tap that day.  They proudly advertised on Facebook that they had four different in-house brews available but when we arrived, they apologized that they had just ran out of three of them.  In addition, some of the brews on the chalkboard were gone, but they hadn't yet updated the board or their beer menu.  I know they're still fairly new and getting the hang of things, but that's a big no no.  If your kegs are tapped out, you need to update that chalkboard pronto (just ask Angels Trumpet Ale House down the street).  It also sounds like they only brew a few kegs of their in-house brews at a time so they run out of those fairly quickly.  I get that they're still experimenting with their own recipes, but please brew enough to keep the taps flowing for more than a few days.  Alright, rant over.The one in house brew they had that day was a Cherry Popper.  It was pretty tasty, but I didn't pick up hardly any cherry notes in that brew.  I picked up dark porter notes in this one, though not as dark or as thick.  A pretty good brew, but hopefully I get to try some others.  I also went with one of their 4 beer flights.  This time it was a blueberry brew from College Street, an orange brew from Papago, a lager from San Tan, and a blonde brew from Huss.  All were excellent and priced right at $2 per 4 oz sample.  I also went with one of their happy hour appetizers, the Mother Load fries with smoked chicken, cheese, tomatoes, onions, and barbecue sauce.  Really good beer compliment.  Total for the beers, the fries, tax, and tip was $20.Overall, I was happy with what I had and the servers at the bar were super cool.  The atmosphere was fun, unpretentious, and the aesthetics of this place are fantastic.  I will be back to sample more of the food in the future.  And hopefully by then they will have things more organized with regards to their taps and how they advertise them.  Angels Trumpet Ale House in Downtown isn't a brewery but has a wide selection of beers and takes great pains to ensure that they keep their menu up to date and their inventory well stocked.  Mother Bunch didn't live up to that standard this time around, but hopefully they'll improve upon this.  Glad to have a microbrewery in the neighborhood and I hope its a success.
4	I sat at the bar during lunch on Friday. I was fortunate enough to sample the Gose. It was excellent. Also had the porter and stout which were both good. For lunch I had the Rueben which is made with duck pastrami. Absolutely ridiculously good!!!!! Not sure if they sous vide the duck but it was so tender and perfectly cooked. It came with a side bacon Caesar salad which was nice. Also came with (what I assume were) house made pickles. Very nice addition.
2	Second time here - gad the wings, disappointing, bartender service disappointing! The bartender flirted with her friend from another bAr the entire evening. She pored drinks for everyone except me - which made me wonder why - and she was all in all just completely unprofessional
3	I have mixed emotions with this place. I only visited once. I met a friend at the bar who got there before me, he had a beer and I waited about 15 minutes before we eventually had to wave the bartender down to get him to notice me. He spent some time on his cell phone. So far, not impressed with service. The food was amazing. They have a few vegan options, which I loved. Even a dessert! Bonus. So I left with a bit of mixed emotions. Then when the bill came through, the tab was way more than I had left with the 20% tip. When I called to discuss it with the manager, he called back to say there had been a mixup with another bill that was about the same amount. Since he left this on my voice mail, I didn't get the chance to ask him, "so the other tab was shorted?" Somehow, I doubt that. Chances of me going back, next to none, but maybe you'll have better luck. Good luck!!
4	Stopped in the other week as I was staying just down the block and this was in walking distance. Very new place, and they're still working on brewing their own beers. In the meantime though they had an excellent selection of draft offerings and I loved that you could order as many or as little of the sampler sized tasters for $2 each. Food was so-so, which is a bit of a disappointment considering they seem to pride themselves on some of their offerings. I had the wings, which were good but not spectacular, and a salad, which to be honest probably isn't the greatest thing to judge them on (hence the 4 star rating still). Overall, cool place with friendly bartenders and the beer in addition to that would invite me back again.
5	Went there tonight.... Music just right ... Clean and comfortable!   Excellent service and our food was wonderful!   We WILL be back.... Our new "take everyone" place to go!
4	I have driven by this place many times, and just recently decided to stop in..good decision...my first visit, bartender was very friendly and tentative..second visit, our server was just the same if not better!I got the PBBLT, it was so good! I would recommend this sandwich. I also tried the Phoenix French Dip from one of my friends, it was good too!Long story short...come here!
5	5 stars for doing the impossible - getting me to eat and ENJOY olives!!  Any of my friends can tell you that I absolutely despise olives, so when the chef initially suggested that I order the smoked olives as one our appetizers I initially poo-pooed the idea.  However, she told me that she too was not usually an olive fan, but pushed me to try it because the smoking process she applies to the olives takes out a lot of the mouth puckering "oliveness" flavor and replaces it with a smokehouse-type treat.  I obliged and ordered them, fully expecting to take a bite and deem them dirt-like in flavor.  Guess what....I was way wrong.  The olives were fantastic!  They were served with fresh hot bread and olive oil, and I completely shocked myself by eating several of the olives with the bread/oil combo.  The fact that the chef was able to create such interesting, delicious flavors to something that I generally loathe makes me believe that they can do a lot of special things here.  Topping it off was that all the other items we ordered (house cured salmon and the mussels) were also delicious, and the beer flight options were extensive, so all in all the experience at Mother Bunch was A+!  As a side note, apparently they just started serving brunch,so I definitely foresee a trip back out to Central Phoenix for a Mother Bunch Brunch tasting in my near future :)
4	Mother Bunch Brewing was the place picked for November's Breakfast Club UYE, I had been excited to try this place out, I was one of the many in the valley waiting for Mother Bunch to open there doors. We were very surprised to find out when we arrived it was in fact the very 1st weekend of debuting their bunch menu.Let's start with the place, it's a great space, I love the pews they have as seats for the long tables, like the openness of the bar. This place just makes you feel at home.Like I said it was the debut of the brunch menu and boy did they have plenty to choose from and great deals.  Each deal comes with a choice of  drafted beer, mimosa,  bloody mary, sangria for either 10 bucks or 12 bucks, depending on what dish you order, I think that's a bangin good deal!I went with the Tri Tip Eggs benedicts with a sriracha hollandaise sauce, home potatoes and a mimosa for 12 bucks!  The eggs benedicts was delish, the sauce was great just wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be, but ask for a side of sriracha and you can fix that for sure! The home potatoes were a perfect side for this dish!They do not have a child's menu, but they do make exceptions, I did have my 1  1/2 yr old grandson with me and for him I ordered an egg, home potatoes and orange juice for a total of 6 bucks, WHAT?? Man he ate like a king too, it was supposed to be one egg scrambled (eggs are what he likes) but it was a huge plate of scrambled eggs, he demolished too! Mother Bunch is a great place for breakfast, very excited to have tried the menu and look forward to coming back for more!
5	Had dinner and drinks Tuesday night for the 1st time. Loved loved LOVED this place! Literally everything was awesome about it. Tyler was our server and he has got to be one of the best servers I've had in a while. He explained happy hour, the menu, tastes of different beers so well and was just so sociable. Not to mention our waters were always full even after we paid. The food was great. Beer Mac and cheese and Caesar dressing was to die for. I highly suggest this restaurant to everyone!
3	tl;dr--MB is deciding if it wants to be a mediocre amalgamation of every restaurant trend of the last two years, or an above-average brunch spot where beer you'd expect to be at the forefront is reduced to a pleasant sideshow. Anyone who knows anything about me or my reviews has probably predicted I'd go out of my way to try something new in the Roosevelt Row area. It has the word "Brewing" in it. I'm so there. Met up with my pals around noon for brunch, a menu that from what I understand is new. I hate eggs, and I don't have a sweet tooth, so I'm not really a breakfast guy. Fortunately, the rest of the menu was still available to me. Not all restaurants are so flexible, and I appreciate it! So I'm sifting through the selections, looking for something that would grab my attention. Nothing save for tri tip on a burger was impressive enough to shell out $14. The "beer mac" seemed boring as well. Bacon and blue cheese? People put that on everything. Sriracha? What a snooze, it's been done. I selected the "PBBLT", which is the sandwich you know and love with the addition of pork belly. Allow me to deconstruct this delicacy. It was...entirely too rich. The bread, while of respectable quality seemed to be doused in oil (margarine?) on both sides. Every time I picked it up, I felt as though I needed to wipe my hands. Greasy. The pork belly, while fine on its own, was lightly battered and fried, exacerbating my woes. Too salty, too heavy for my meal. After reviewing the menu, I discovered that for this particular entree the pork belly was indeed supposed to be roasted. There is a disconnect between the vision of the chef and the line cooks. The tomatoes were seasoned with ample salt when they could and should have shined with a clean, crisp simplicity, and the aioli was either nonexistent or completely masked by the overkill that was the rest of my sandwich. Won't order this again.The seasonal vegetables were executed masterfully, however. I was almost able to appreciate cauliflower for once. That means a lot to me. Bravo.Moving on to the service. It was very polite and personable, and I feel as though the majority of the staff enjoys the company of critical strangers like yours truly. But...I kinda question their beer knowledge, which is lame considering that's your specialty. I was not given a beer menu when I had sat at a table, and was left to guess what type of brew each listing on the chalkboard was. BTW, why even have the darn thing when the view is obstructed from every angle but the side of the bar. Awkward. At least I got the menu when I sat down there. So in the end, I think I definitely have to give props for the reasonable portions at a great price ($10 for small plate + 10 oz beer!). If you are a brunch person who is also into some light weekend-morning drinking, make this your stop above all others in the area. Unfortunately, the best time to show up to any good brewery is later in the evening, when MB closes its doors well before the competition. I want to see this place succeed. It looks groovy for sure. Too bad it specializes in two ideas that aren't so compatible, and therefore doesn't persuade me to choose them over other established restaurants that are a stone's throw away.
4	It feels slightly disingenuous to be writing this review since I don't actually like beer, and haven't had any of Mother Bunch's. But I'll write this review from the point of view of the non-beer-drinker that has to tag along with their beer-drinking friends to where ever they want to go, since that is exactly what happened with me the first time. (But I enjoyed it so much I've already willingly gone back a second time!)The food here is really delicious, and the portion sizes are huge. The first time I went I got the french dip, my boyfriend got the reuben, and we swapped halves. The sandwich plus fries was so much food, I couldn't even finish, and had to unleash the rest of my tablemates on my fries to finish them off. But the really great part about Mother Bunch is the drinks for non-beer drinkers. There were plenty of cocktails to choose from - I had a gin in-cider, super tasty - and also both times I've gone they've had $4 sangrias. Tasty and with a fairly sizeable kick. There's lots of options besides beer to drink, which makes me happy. The second time I went was early afternoon for some sangrias, vegetable pate (yum), and beers for my boyfriend.The service was efficient and friendly both times. I really like the atmosphere of MB. It's pretty laid back, and quiet enough to have good conversations. The only change I might suggest is the tvs - both times they were playing sports games, and I have to say, absolutely nobody in the building either time I went was at all interested in the games. MB's crowd is skewing towards millennial hipsters, so getting something on the tvs other than sports might be a good idea. I'm taking off one star for lack of availability of their house beers. Although I don't drink them, my boyfriend does, and he was a bit disappointed with the selections. The first time we went there were only two house beers, and the second time we went, there were none at all. But MB is pretty new so I'm sure they just need some time to get in the swing of production and all that. But for a place with 'brewing' in the name, to have no house beers on tap at all is kinda.. womp womp. BUT, MB gets bonus points for otherwise having all Arizona beers on tap, which is really cool. All in all, cool place, and I will definitely be going again.
4	I can't give this place a full five stars until I taste the beer they brew themselves.  I love the setup of this place.  The bar is large and forms a half circle in the front room.  If you like watching the chefs work while you dine, there is a smaller bar on the right that looks directly into the kitchen.  They only serve local beers right now.  We were excited to try beers from Beast Brewing in Bisbee at Mother Bunch.  I haven't seen those beers on tap anywhere else throughout the valley.  The bartenders were very friendly and obviously love what they do.  They also seemed really excited for Mother Bunch beers that are set to debut really soon.  We didn't have dinner here, but we had a stout brownie that was out of this world chocolaty goodness!
5	Second time here! Yum! The Beer Mac & Cheese is bowl licking good! The smoked olives were outstanding with an incredible flavor. I also devoured the tuna sandwich. Fun atmosphere, delicious brews and complimentary valet in a perfect downtown location!
2	The best part of of the meal was the saison beer. I tired the turkey Benedict and also the tri tip benedict. The turkey was dry and the tri-tip was alright.
1	Food: 4 StarsAtmosphere: 3Service: -7Cleanliness: questionableComing back?: NoThe issue: Friend and I watched appalled as a cockroach crawled around the restaurant floor for a bit, until it made its way under our table. My friend trapped the roach between her empty glass and a menu, and politely called our waiter over. My friend very politely explained the situation to our waiter, and requested that he take care of the bug. He replied with something to the effect of, "I don't know what you want *me* to do about it. I don't really like bugs either. I've never had a customer do this before." We proposed multiple solutions, including getting a dustpan or taking the captive roach to the front door and releasing him. He declined both options, opting to have my friend carry the glass, roach, and menu to the door herself, while he graciously held it open for her. She sat down, even more appalled, as the waiter walked away.After agreeing that the service was unacceptable, my friend addressed the waiter as he brought us our check, mentioning that he should taken care of the bug next time. He took the criticism with a face plastered with offense, and stumbled over his words as he seemed to hold back greater emotions: "I... I will... Take that note and keep that in the back of my mind." We payed our bill and left promptly.Compliments to the bartender and chef for a solid Manhattan and a tasty Western Burger, but we won't be coming back.
3	I went for lunch, food wasn't bad. The lunch menu was a little confusing. I got a half sandwich & the beer mac. The mac was good, sandwich was good except the bread was not great. It was supposed to be sourdough & it was nothing's like any other sourdough I've had before. I loved the atmosphere of the place. It wasn't super crowded, but the service was very very slow. I would try it again. The tap menu looked great.
3	I love the idea behind this place--all women brewers!! The food has been good as well as the beer. Love the atmosphere and all they are doing with the space. The service has been consistently slow however. We came in for brunch on Sunday and it wasn't very busy at all. Our server was super nice and accommodating but it has been this way each time I have been here. I think this place would be unstoppable if they added on some extra help.
5	Great place.  Service is top notch and food is right up there as well. Have been there a few times now for both brunch and for lunch and neither one is a disappointment. Their meats are all smoked in house and are bursting with flavor. Their bloody Mary's which are at a great price are not made with a pre made mix. The ingredients are made fresh each weekend. They have a decent list of beers and a bar tender who is super knowledgeable and will gladly help you pick the right drink for you. This place is great and we will be going back again and again.
4	What a great little spot in a cool place. I can't wait to see more MB beers on tap! The food is also great! Usually when I go to restaurants there are only a few things on the menu I want to order, at MB I need to go back over and over because so many things on the menu sound amazing. Our waiter was funny and helpful and could roll with our jokes and ridiculousness that night and we all enjoyed our beer flights and food. We had the mussels, smoked wings, turkey melt, nicoise salad, burger, etc. The mac and cheese is TO DIE FOR. A must order! The space is super cute and cozy and the beer list was great, I hope the amount of MB beers only increases from here. We'll be going back!
5	omg...this was such a great lunch experience.  Casual, trendy, hip, inexpensive and absolutely delicious!  The western burger was super moist and flavorful and the side of mashed potatoes was sublime!  Fast lunch service and the waiter was super nice and seemed very knowledgeable about the large beer selection.  Sadly, I went on Xmas eve and I was working so the beer will have to wait until the next time.  Boozing on the clock doesn't go over well in corporate America!  We need to relaxe like the Europeans.  Booze, food and naps!  I will be going back here very soon.  My only complaint was they were playing cheesy Xmas music which was unexpected from the vibe of the brew pub!
4	Had a delicious brunch here this am. Husband is not much of an IPA guy so the scottsdale blonde was suggested and he enjoyed it. I had sangria which was tasty. Our meals were Turkey bacon Benedict on homemade biscuits with green chili hollidaise sauce and the biscuits with schiners local sausage and beer gravy. Pleased with both. Great space in historic Garfield district building. Supports local artist with shows as well. We will be back.
4	Very polite bartenders on my visit that included a handshake, name, and attentive service throughout.  Garlic dip appetizer with bread was very good.  Prices were reasonable and they had a decent list of beers from other breweries.  My only gripe was that I haven't enjoyed their beers as so many of them are not traditional styles, i.e. the wheat beer had tangerines brewed in it.  Other beers on other visits were similarly modified from traditional styles with the use of fruit or some other gimmicky ingredient such that the beer would have been better without it, in my opinion.
2	Came in on a Saturday night and the place was dead so not really sure why they need valet service.  This was our second visit, first for dinner- the first time was for brunch. The wait staff is horrible with a 'don't bother me attitude'. At one point our table got a beer we hadn't ordered and when we told the waitress it wasn't ours she argued 'that it had our name all over it' she took it but it still ended on our bill.  We repeatedly had to ask for refills on our drinks and our waiter kept forgetting to bring them.  He brought us our check before we were done eating making us feel like he was kicking us out.  We wanted to order dessert as well but when we asked for menu he gave us the 'fuck you don't bother me look', same as when we asked for other condiments.   This place looks like it has potential, the food is tasty and prices are reasonable. However if the wait staff keeps up with their shitty attitudes they are going to discourage customers from coming.  I know we are a bit bummed. On another note the 2 times we have been there the chef has came out to ask how our food was, that was nice of her. This is our neighborhood bar and want it to succeed but if the dick head waiters keep it up, this place will be closed in a few months. Change to staff that wants to be there!
5	Pork rinds still crackling when dropped off. Beer flights. Laid back atmosphere. Huge space. Great spot to bring 6-10 people. 20 beers on tap. No growlers... Yet. Nice contribution to AZ beer scene. Nitro beer they had on tap was awesome.
5	Pros: Another great option downtown, great local beer selection, full bar.Cons: Not many gluten free options (if you're into that kind of thing)Happy for another great option in downtown phoenix.  Prices are reasonable, there's something on the menu for everyone (try the Mac n cheese), and the bar is big and U shaped, like all bars should be.  Thanks to the bartenders for consistently providing great service!
4	They have a nice selection of beers and the service was good as well. I really liked the couches! I was with a group of friends and we were able to relax on a couches, facing each other, which made for nice way to enjoy good beer in a great environment!!!
