2	What's up to all you Yelpers out there? I recently came across this place yesterday as me, my girlfriend, and her daughter came out of the AMC theater at Westgate. This place must have just opened up this week as it was still closed last week when I was at Westgate. Now I want you to keep in mind that this place just opened when u go in. There isn't really anything about the look of the place that makes it stand out from any other place. The people genuinely seemed excited for us when we came in the place so that's good. Our waiter I didn't catch his name but he didn't seem to comfortable, he seemed kind of nervous. I had the Stromboli which I thought was pretty good. My girl had the greek salad, it was ok. The chicken that came on it seemed a bit dry. Her daughter had chicken tenders with french fries. She kept yelling saying how delicious it was so if u got a 4yr old go with the chicken tenders. I had a word with the person who brought our food because a couple of the chicken tenders look like as if they were bitten. They manager came out and offered to replace the meal but we didn't because she wasn't going to eat all of her meal anyways so what's one less chicken tender. We also ordered some garlic knots but we never got them. But I probably would have had I remembered then myself instead of hours later once I got home. But I guess that sums up r meal there at Mama Gina's. It was ok, but nothing really that makes it a "must eat" place. But I would recommend it if u happen to be at Westgate despite how my review comes across. Its just not a place that I would go out of my way to eat at. But I will give them the benefit of the doubt since they just opened this week and might need a bit of time to get situated and hit their stride. So I will probably wait and check it out again in a few months. The building its in has already been about 3 other places since Westgate open. So hopefully this place can stick around for awhile.
2	While the pizza was very good, the service and appetizers left something to be desired.  The bruschetta we ordered was quite the surprise when it showed up doused in balsamic vinegar... not a big deal to some, but we dislike balsamic and when the menu actually lists all of the ingredients for the bruschetta and balsamic vinegar was not included one would think that balsamic would not be on it.  Our waiter was clearly overwhelmed (he let us know on several occasions that it was a bad day and he had a bad table on the other side of the restaurant) and we went almost the whole meal without a refill to our drinks.  Also, tonight we ordered garlic knots for carryout and the bottoms on all six were significantly burnt and the tops were more than browned.  They were dry with out the yummy buttery garlic salt knots typically come with.  Hopefully Mama Gina's will grow into its own as it matures in its time here at the Westgate.
1	If you like food that reminds you of your 4th grade meal from elementary school then this is the place. I hate to give it one star, I really do, because it seems like a small family business and our waitress was such a sweetheart BUT the food was awful. If you like Greek salads be prepared to mix your own dressing with it. It does not come mixed with the dressing. If you like kalmata olives that you would get on a Greek salad ANYWHERE else be prepared because the olives on this salad are not kalmata. The only thing that makes this salad "Greek" is the feta. Other than that there is nothing special about it. Their little bread on the side took me back to 4th grade elementary school where we got little buns on the side of our plates for lunch. The spaghetti had a little bit of marinara sauce. Wasn't even enough. And, which for being "homemade" had a very 'out-of-the-can' taste. There was absolutely nothing special about this place. Overpriced. I guess if you are there on a hot summer day and your kids are playing in the water and get hungry than they would probably like the pizzas by the slice I saw them offer but for a dinner I highly recommend you go to Gramaldis down the street. But, the people are SUPER nice. I would give this place another try if I saw major improvement and who knows maybe I will since I believe it recently opened up :)
5	This must be a new place as we just discover it after seeing a move across the street. Absolutely an amazing pizza and wings. I ordered a six pc of wings mild, very good, my wife had small salad, very fresh and delicious. We ordered the white pizza, was wonderful, first time trying this kind of pizza. We also brought a Calzone and spaghetti home for the kids and they love it. Price wise very reasonable, clean and FAST service. The owner came to our table couple of times and i would give them an A++ to take interest in their business. We always support family owned business anywhere we go. To finish our dinner we shared strawberry cheese cake, was a bit small, however very good. overall very good place to eat extremely well prices for what you get.
3	We went here as a group of 10-12 people for West Valley Friday Night meetup. Was greeted nicely and they had table setup for us ahead of time. We ordered the appetizer sample and cheese garlic bread to start. The Garlic Bread was good and cheese melted nicely without being burnt. The various items in the sampler were all good tasting. my wife and I ordered a supreme pizza for her and I and it was tasty. the crust was a little under cooked and flimsy/soggy. The supreme also came with black olives (which I don't like but just picked them off), which were not listed on the menu. We let the waiter know and he mentioned the menus were being updated already due to other issues and he'd let the manger know about that error. They took 10% off of our bill, without prompting, for the mistake.Overall was pleased with the place and service. Will probably go back there sometime.
2	I like Westgate. Who knows if it'll last as a Glendale/Arizona destination for outdoor excitement for bored Phoenicians, but I hope it does. Unfortunately, the new Mama Gina's Pizzeria isn't helping.Is there a better time to test a restaurant than when they're dead at 4:30PM on a Wednesday? They should be both: at their best and thankful they have paying customers to pay their salaries. And at this time, there were three times the number of cooks than customers...so, that means, it was JUST me and my mother in the (INCREDIBLY SMALL) dinning room and six of them. Surely, six employees behind the counter couldn't screw up a simple pizza, right?What is that old phrase about too many cooks in the kitchen? They spoil the soup? Fine, switch that to pizza (AT A PIZZERIA, no less) and you'll have this generic place.Don't be fooled by the "New York Style," 'cuz it ain't thin. Don't be fooled by the high prices, 'cuz it ain't chic. They use stock cheese, pepperoni and ham and they burn the bottom crust. So, why did I pay $22 for a 16" + just two drinks? Because the place looked good when I attended a movie at AMC Westgate?Looks are deceiving. Trust me: this place is mediocre at best. The service is good, though the waitress sat in the dining room eating a salad while I waited patiently for her to refill my iced tea.I'm not into gourmet pizza - GIVE ME the GREASE, GRANNY! - so I was a little hesitant entering this restaurant, which, by the way, stated they're CLOSED on one side of their establishment, yet OPEN at another entrance...that should've been an indication of their insecurities. Luckily, the absolutely mediocre food swayed me from eating epicure pizza.Though it was not the worst I've eaten - I have ordered that $5 Little Caesar's (counterfeit) pizza deal, after all - it was sooo "okay" that I simply cannot recommend this place to anyone. Even "New York" pizza lovers. Don't go. You can do so much more with $22 and your time.
4	A girlfriend and I were at Westgate for *cough* the britney *cough* spears concert.  Yea yea, you can question my taste if you want to because of that fact but I think we all secretly love her! Plus I got tickets on Groupon for half price (I claimed that was the only reason I went)I digress. We were trying to find a place to eat and everywhere had a huge wait time.  We ended up wandering and finding Mama Gina's, we walked in and were seated immediately (good timing a huge crowd came right after)The server was very helpful in making suggestions.  Not wanting anything too heavy my friend and I decided to split the appetizer platter based on the server's rec, we each also had side salads and blue moons (on tap with an orange slice just the way I like it)The bruschetta was to die for.  Some of the best bruschetta I've had. Fresh beautifully ripe juicy cherry tomatoes.  Cheese sticks tasted fresh, not dumped from a frozen box into a vat of oil, and the zucchini was delicious.  I wasn't a fan of the fried mushrooms, I have definitely had better. I think this is a great addition to Westgate.  Their pricing is reasonable and the food and drink is good.  Nothing special about the ambiance, it is a small cafe type setting. We'll see how long the prices stay where they are but for now I give it a thumbs up!
2	This was our second meetup at Mama Gina's. Around 10 people showing up. No problem with reservations (only 3 hours prior), and the exact seating (outside patio) was ready for us.Just 5 hours earlier, they sent out a special over twitter: "Today only: If you purchase 1 sandwich & a drink you can get a second sandwich free" ( https://twitter.com/mamaginasaz/status/112260246013087744 )All of us were planning our orders accordingly, so as to make use of the special. Instead of ordering 1 item, I was going to order more, so I could bring some home to my family. DENIED. We were told by the server, and then by management (through the server) that special was only 11a-1pm, and not available. The odd part was the original post was time-stamped around 1:30pm, after, they said, the special ended. So what did they do to fix the situation? Absolutely nothing. In fact, one member of our party was charged extra for another side of marinera sauce for his garlic knots.Don't get me wrong, the food and overall service was pretty good, and the food was the main reason this review was not a "1". However, had the special not been "advertised" over social media, we might have chosen a different venue. It almost seemed like a "bait & switch". The worst part was the complete failure to do anything to "remedy" the situation. Had this experience been fixed, or better yet, never occurred, this rating would have been at least a 3, and probably a 4. But for now, I can not overlook the absolute failure of communication between marketing company, restaurant management, and staff. Here's to hoping they get everything figured out...
2	1st: They tweeted a special 2-for-1 sandwich special. Two from our group ordered, and were then told the special was only during a specific time. Fine, except that the tweet came AFTER that time, and it said COME ON IN.2nd: The AC uniti or something came one EVERY TIME one of the servers, busboy, manager, etc came out through the door...and it stays on if the door is not closed completely...they on many of the occasion left it just slightly open so the LOUD UNIT stayed on. WE had to close the door.#3: I was charged EXTRA for the EXTRA SMALL DISH of marinara sauce. No mention that there was a cost. #4: NO SPECIALS, in fact even though there were 2 kids and 6 adults, three of which were separate, there was an automatic gratuity. 17%+. AND they leave a spot for another gratuity in case you don't catch it. Good thing someone in the group pointed that out.#5. The garlic knots were ok.#6. My server seemed to not care about much, sorry I didn't order a BIG meal, but there was seemed little reason to do so.#7. We meet once a week on Fridays and are looking for 4 specific place to hang on a regular basis..usually there are 8-12 people that come out...I am not sure I am voting for this place...#8. Why a I doing this??? You ASKED ME TO.. Yelp it you said.. oh wait. this isn't YELP.. ok then.. guess I will now copy and paste....
5	Very reasonably priced and the food is fantastic!  I took some pizza home and a week later it was still amazing!  The service is all smiles! Truly is a gem! Go there, eat there, love it there!
1	The positives: staff was friendly and the beer was cold. That's it. Two kids spaghetti and meatballs was disappointing. Noodles were cooked fine, the meatballs were small and bland, and the sauce was runny and wasn't nearly enough to coat half the noodles let alone the entire plate. And for $6 each that's ridiculous. We order the Mama's Supreme pizza. The order took well over 30 min for the pizza. Half the crust was burnt. The toppings were limited and the flavor was blah.  Very disappointed and won't be returning.
1	THIS PLACE IS A REAL JOKE..... Stopped in for the day special on the way to a movie. We got served an under cooked doughy pie, that we sent back to have finished in the oven. It never returned to our table. Our server showed 15 minutes later to tell us that our pie had been burned. We asked to see a manager. He came over with our "discounted" check. We told him we weren't paying for the pie. He says you're paying for 4 pieces. We laughed and told him no we weren't. After a short argument we walked out. Bad service, bad attitudes of the mgmt. make for no return trip. My advise is to stay away from Mama Ginas.
4	Good pizza good service  Was really surprised at how good the pizza was here considering some of the other reviews.
1	Where do I begin? Went with 7 people night of Trans Siberian Orch show.  1. Waited 10 min for drinks which did not come at once2 Friend ordered Pinot grigio. After above 10 minutes was told by waitress it was not chilled (excuse me it's an Italian Restaurant) and that owner says it's too much trouble to put in the shaker to cool 3 after getting drinks we ordered.  However,  pizza and salad order was not put in  for two people.  They got no food at all.  After we had all finished waitress says she  put order in for them.  20 minutes too late.4 Overheard they ran out of salad .Avoid this place.
1	I feel horrible giving two negative reviews in a row, but my experience today at mama gina's warrants it. A friend and I came here prior to going to the football game. We ordered a pizza. After about 30 minutes had passed, I asked our server where the food was and he said that it would be right out. Another 20 minutes went by and he kept avoiding us. I asked another server for the manager. She was very nice and tried to deflect us from speaking with the owner by getting our server. After about another 10 minutes of investigating he discovered that in fact they gave our pizza to another table. He said they already started a new one and our bill would be discounted. We got our pizza, which wasn't even that good. When we got our bill, they took a measley 10% off of the bill. Any self respecting customer oriented business would have comped the pizza. Not only did we wait a ridiculous amount of time to eat a mediocre meal, but we were late for the game because of it. I will never go here again and I will never recommend it to friends or family or foe for that matter. Long story short, of I were Mama Gina, I would be highly disappointed that my name was associated with this establishment.
5	I don't get out to the far West side very often. In fact, it had been so long that I didn't even know all that Westgate stuff was even there. Imagine my surprise! I have been to a few games at the stadium, but all of the shopping and restaurants were new to me. It's absolutely beautiful here. It was also nearly deserted when I went today - no games going on. There's not much else out here. Just this giant oasis of awesome in the middle of a corn field. I've glazed over the other reviews here and I almost didn't get it at first. I mean, such polarized opinions about a pizza place. Walking around Westgate and seeing Mama Gina's, I get it now. Mama Gina's is a nice medium sized restaurant/bar. It's really clean and decorated well. The seating is comfortable and everything is new. Also - it smells like pizza - as a pizza place should.There's a lovely patio with a giant glass door that I imagine can be opened when weather permits to have an indoor/outdoor atmosphere. There are big flatscreens playing whatever sports is on. They appear to have a full bar as well. I ate a slice and took a pie home. Their pizza is pretty unique. It's very flavorful and good. I could tell that their dough was made fresh daily - it was soft and airy. They clearly use quality ingredients. It's a huge cut above a cheapie chain. While waiting, I saw some other food pass by on the way to their respective tables... everything looked pretty amazing and delicious. A group was leaving before me and an older man said "thanks" to the manager. Then he added that he hadn't had pizza like that since he was a kid and that it was the best pizza he had eaten in years. It was a sincere compliment.A slice and a soda set me back less than 5 bucks, and the slice was huge enough to fill me up. The pie I took home was as good as the slice I had. This is the kind of pizza you re-heat in the oven rather than the microwave. Now the problems - well, there's really only one and all other perceived problems stem from it... it's the location. Because it's next to the stadium and little else, it's either going to be super busy or relatively empty. Because of this, service isn't going to be as consistent - you're just going to have to develop a little patience. Also - most customers coming to this sort of place when busy are the "I'm drunk and happy my team won" or "I'm drunk and pissed my team lost" types - neither of which are a treat to serve when most of the time you're used to things being fairly calm. I recommend eating here when there's not a game (or even when there is - just be patient - same with all the restaurants in Westgate) - the food is worth a bit of a drive, and Westgate is a beautiful commerce center.
1	Thought we would try the place out since we never had been there.  The service was great at the drink order time, then went down hill from there.  Started out with a house salad and blue cheese dressing, they brought out ranch.  Drinks took forever to be refilled.  Food came out all but the cal zone, they said it takes a little longer,  Never came out.  They said, after flagging them down again, they forgot to turn that order in.  Really?  They offered a dessert, we just wanted the cal zone.  They offered dessert again, said no just box up the cal zone, we're going.  Paid and left.
1	We were really excited about this place.  We went in on a Saturday night after a movie.  The place was not busy.  We were seated for 25 minutes.  No one came to take our order.  The waitress was cleaning tables and walked right by us several times.  We finally had enough and got up and left.  On the way out the hostess, who sat us 25 minutes earlier told us to have a good night.  I will never go back to the place.  The service was horrible!!!
1	We ate here before Christmas so I am a little late posting ! We had wings to start I they must have been re cooked from a pervious order because they were tuff and no meat. I had the pasta dish as an entree and it was cold, not Luke warm but cold. I think the steam well where they served from was not working properly or they forgot to microwave it before it was served! When I asked server to heat up entree it took so long my Husband had finished his meal which wasnt to hit either and I decided not to wait any longer paid check and left! Never will be back ! Server very slow and it wasn't a game night This place will only survive for the beer and no other pizza place in westgate Owners take note Your operation needs help
3	Slow service...pizza was soggy .....I used a restaurant.com gift certificate and didn't encounter any problems.  For dessert we had the fresh baked chocolate chip cookie which was divine.  The waiter always apologized for the wait but after the first time I didn't think it was genuine because there was hardly anyone in the restaurant.  Overall, I'd probably recommend coming here if your not too picky on food and you don't mind getting slow service.
1	I was SO excited to try their pizza! I ordered a personal pizza and they said they were out of  the size of dough for the personal pizza....even though the menu says "hand tossed" my only option was to order a large pizza. Since a large pizza was too big for one person i went with the chicken marsala......the sauce was good but the chicken was like rubber, the knife was actually bending while i was trying to cut it. I took one bite and decided I would speak to a manager, all he did was apologize take my food and bring me my check. The chicken marsala was served with a side of pasta drizzled with oil and garnished with a little parmasan cheese, nothing special....not to mention the pasta was wayyyyy overcooked and soggy. Service was terrible, food was worse!
5	This is the real deal folks. I'm picky about my pizza after having been to Manhattan and had the pizza there many times. Mama Gina's does it right. The staff are friendly and quick and Sammy behind the bar is a real gentleman. Oh and the pizza....it's delicious! Five big stars. We'll be back!!
2	I'll keep this simple. We were sat at 5pm and told the server we were ordering by the slice because we were in a hurry. He forgot to put in our order until 5:20, and slices came out at 5:35. The quality was on par with Sbarro. I could understand if the place was packed, but there were 6 employees along with the owner working, and only 4 tables sat the entire time we were there. The only reason this isn't 1 star is that the decor & bar area was pretty awesome.I also wasn't a huge fan of both TVs being tuned to BlackHawk Down- not really something I want my toddlers watching.
4	Came here one night after a Coyote's game, I was pleasantly surprised. I had a stromboli and it was fantastic. The dough was chewy and crispy (now THAT'S skill) and had been brushed with herbs and butter. The filling was meaty and cheesy. I stuffed the entire thing in my stomach even after I was full because it was THAT good. Service was decent.
2	The service from Megan was amazing she was the best server that we have had in a long time..the food was just OK, meatballs tasted like they were frozen and the garlic knots tasted like they may have been from the prior day... Penne was cooked perfectly but the sauce was just alright! This restaurant is very loud, but it was with the last one too so that has not changed...the owner stopped by our table to check on the service we were getting...not really asking about the food...our server on the other hand was very interested in what we thought of the food...we told her exactly! Hope that she relays the message to owner!
2	Great atmosphere, servers were really attentive, but the most important thing about the restaurant was missing: good food. I ordered a white pizza and 2 drinks and the pizza was a little less than mediocre. the ricotta was bland, the whole pizza was bland, and the dough used was just unimpressive. It was lacking spices more basil or garlic would have really made it better, me and my friend had to add ample amounts of salt and pepper to it to get it to develop any flavor. and when I'm paying $17 for a single pizza i definitely expect a lot more from the quality. Sorry.
2	Mama Gina's is nicely situated near the middle of Westgate.  Their menu mostly consists of pizza, subs, and pasta.  The interior is pretty basic but the patio (when it's cool enough) is roomy and it gives a little hint of Italy.  Out of their entire menu, I can speak to the subs, pizzas, and appetizers.  Their subs are tasty and filling and the appetizers (especially the Bruschetta) are pretty good and have a homemade taste.The pizzas, however, are not very good.  For instance, the 16'' is dry, ultra thin, and not very filling.  If you are a fan of Papa John's, I'm pretty sure that you'll agree.There are plenty of discounts too.  I bought a certificate through my work where I pay $5 and get $15, but have to spend at least $22.  So, after the math, $12 for $22 worth of food (excluding the pizzas) isn't bad (except for the first time I tried to use the coupon and they wouldn't let me use it because it was a Football Sunday even though it stated nothing to that affect on the certificate).  You can also get 20% off with your AMC movie ticket.  They also have some decent specials, but I can recall them... so, I'll update this review a bit in the future.
5	This place was really really good and Hidie our server was so sweet ( ask for her) and helpful. This place has the best pizza and wings in arizona! I do wish they had a pizza and wings special instead of it all being separate but like I said the food was great so it's worth the money. The only complaint I have is that the hallway to the ladies room was blocked by highchairs so I couldn't get my scooter in there but the ladies there all helped me get around and in and out of doors so it wasn't too bad. My family and I have found a new pizza place and I highly recommend this place. Thank you Hidie and Allie the service was great!
5	Ok round two for this place and of course they did not disappoint. The food was just as good and the service was awesome. Hidie and the staff were all amazing and so sweet sending us over a cookie and ice cream treat "yum" and thank you. The place was pretty full and we still got great service I still highly recommend this place (ask for Hidie) because the pizza and wings are the bomb. With that said breakfast pizza and wings are waiting for me so tootles :)
1	I'll start with the positives.  .... oh wait, there weren't any.  I can't even do a good analysis of the food because the wrong pizza was brought out and to boot it was a pizza we didn't particularly care for.  (Had an ingredient on it that my dining partner had a slight allergy to.)In short, completely horrible service, rude attitudes when trying to get our order straightened out, and owner/manager was unwilling to give a decent conciliation for our trouble.  Will never return.  Being treated like we were is unacceptable, especially when we acted civil and to the point.   Here is a list of follies that occured during our "experience" at Mama Gina's.  1.  Ordered an appetizer.  Was convinced by our waitress to try the garlic knots instead, only to find out when our food arrived 35 minutes later that they didn't even have any to bring out.  Sidenote:  After about 20 minutes we inquired on the whereabouts of this item to our waitress (20 minutes for some garlic bread is a little much) and she said she would go check...apparently that didn't happen.2.  Wrong Pizza delivered to the table.  After inquiring about the order since it was taking quite awhile to arrive and we had a movie to catch.  The wrong pizza was brought out.  We had ordered a 16 inch BBQ Chicken pizza and a 20 inch Supreme was delivered to our table.  Honestly, it wasn't till 15 seconds after it was dropped off that we went... uh.. wait a minute... this isn't what we ordered.  Immediately went to find our waitress to let her know.  She went to her manager and they said they could make us the right one but we'd have to wait.  Pending our time issue with the movie, this wasn't an option.  Since we couldn't wait for another pizza to come out the manager said we could either take a 20% discount on the pizza or just leave and not pay.  At this point, we were starving and the movie was starting in 10 minutes.  Didn't really have a choice at this point.  I agreed to the 20% discount so we could at least have something to eat before we sat for another 2 hours without food.  (Side note:  couldn't eat much considering one of the items on the supreme includes an item that my date has a slight allergy to.)3.  Wrong discount.  Once the bill came, we were charged for the pizza that came to our table.  Which was $9 more than what we originally ordered.  Making even the 20% discount they were offering a total more than what we were expecting to pay in the first place.  Waitress ended up paying for our beverages to help offset the cost.  Also, when speaking to the manager, he said we should have let him know sooner that there was an issue.  How were we to know???  The only thing we knew prior to the food coming out was that it was taking FOREVER to get to the table.  ... and that we did bring to their attention.  I truly dislike writing reviews that are this scathing but I just couldn't believe how we were treated by the management.  If you are in the service industry, and the mistakes are with your establishment, then do not make the customers feel as if they are the ones at fault.  I just don't believe they tried to make this better for us.
4	Mama Gina's is underrated and definitely not given enough respect here on yelp. We were pleasantly surprised by our meal even though we only went because of a deal we got at the movie theater. We enjoyed the appetizers, the pizza and even the dessert. The pizza isn't the best you have had, but it's good and better than we expected so we were pleased! The service was good too, so that was much appreciated!
1	Service was good but food was overpriced and undercooked.  It's obvious that they use precooked pizzas and reheat them with the toppings you order.  The toppings were raw and the bottom of the pizza burnt.  Be careful if trying to use an online gift certificate because they are not valid during "events".  We found out a hockey game was in progress and they refused to honor the gift certificate.  This place is already out of business, they just don't know it yet.
1	My boyfriend and I stopped by Mama Gina's after the movies for a late lunch.  We found the service a little awkward and confused.  After one attempt to serve us the wrong appetizer and overhearing a similar mixed up order at a nearby table, our appetizer, a sampler, was delivered.  The sampler was good, and we enjoyed the garlic knots, fried zucchini, jalapeno poppers, and mozzarella sticks.  The entrees, however, were a different story.  We had a personal pepperoni pizza that was swimming in grease and a similarly greasy (yet somehow simultaneously undercooked) strombolli.  After straining off oil and rooting through raw dough to try the food, we left most of the food on the table and have no plans to return.
3	I really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately I won't be returning.The customer service is STELLAR. I can't stress this enough. They went above and beyond to accommodate and did so with a smile. Fat tip for them!The outside patio is great, especially during this time of the year. It's spacious and a delight for people who like to look at something other than a wall, as you can see all of Westgate from their patio.Food and drinks... this is where they lost me. Pizza has absolutely NO flavor. Mozzarella sticks had no cheese on the inside. Wings were decent but nothing special. They don't serve margaritas because there's no blender... I thought that was interesting. The bill came out to $75 for one pizza, wings and a sampler. It just wasn't worth it.
4	I'm glad I didn't read all of these negative reviews before we went here on Friday night.  Our family of four wanted some pizza, and there's not a lot to choose from on the West side of town.  My husband suggested Mama Gina's and since I'd been wanting to try it for a while, we decided to go.  I'm glad that we did.We ordered two appetizers, mozzarella sticks and fried zucchini.  Both arrived quickly and were hot and delicious.  We also ordered a 16 inch half cheese, half pepperoni for my husband and daughter to share and a small Supreme for my mom and I to share.  The waitress was very attentive and refilled drinks quickly.  She also took the dirty plates from our appetizers away while we were waiting for our pizza.  Many servers fail to do that.When our pizzas came out, I noticed that our Supreme had mushrooms on it, which we had asked them to leave off.  They quickly offered to remake the pizza, but we declined as we did not want to wait for it.  We just picked the mushrooms off and it was fine.  The waitress apologized profusely and told us she would take a portion of it off of our check.We all enjoyed the pizza and the atmosphere.  The service was really great, too.  We will definitely go back, and I hope all of the negative reviews don't stop people from giving it a try.
2	Stopped in here with a group of 5 friends during bike night. First the positives:The pizza was actually pretty good. We also had wings that were decent. Another in our group ordered a philly cheesesteak sandwich that looked yummy. Our service was good. We were actually enjoying our evening and food then came the bad: the checkMy husband and I ordered the special which was $22 and change plus he had a soda to drink. Our bill was $35. Why you ask? Because the tip 18% was automatically added to the bill. I asked the manager why the tip was automatically added thinking it may be because we asked for the check to be split. She informed me that they automatically add the tip to groups of 6 or more. Our server then said "Oh, I thought it was 5 or more". Well her loss because I would have tipped more than their automatic tip but I hate being forced to tip especially without any advanced warning (like something printed on the menu). \Bottom line-there are other choices in this area and we will definitely be going to those before I come back here. If you visit with 6 or more people either go somewhere else or don't sit together!
1	Horrible, went there on a Wednesday night when there was no one else but myself there and I ordered a personal pizza that was way over priced. They charged me for a 2 topping when I ordered a 1 topping, it took the guy 30 minutes to bring the tiny pizza. I said black olive only and they gave me black olive and pepperoni, when I told them I don't eat meat they took it back and picked off the pepperoni and added extra cheese to hide it but the cheese was not melted and it still had the grease from the pepperoni.. Oh and not to mention it took the guy ANOTHER 30 minutes to do that to my pizza.. When I saw this I asked for my money back and walked out never to return, awful!
5	I can't believe all of the negative reviews for Mama Gina's here on Yelp... seriously, we must have just been lucky- you know, the last 20 times we have been here! -because we have always had great experiences. The pizzas are wonderfully delicious and huge (though you may want to ask them to go light on the sauce, since they are a bit heavy handed.)The bruschetta is AMAZING! And the eggplant parm is ridiculous... so, so, so, so GOOD! The patio is a lovely place to sit on a nice evening, especially when a local band is playing in the Westgate courtyard. Also, if you are planning to go to dinner and a movie, purchase your tickets ahead of time and give your ticket stub to your server- and they will give you a 20% discount off your bill :) Support this local business!
1	Terrible food and we will never come here again. Their wings resembled something you would see in an anatomy class or body exhibit (See Pic). The few that were normal lacked all taste. Their pizza was undercooked and chewy. Save yourself and avoid this confused restaurant at all costs. The theme is all over the place... Some contemporary mixed with some traditional mixed with a bar that resembles a frat house and lastly add in big screen TVs and sports paintings on the glass storefront. Wow...
4	Outstanding ! as someone else said, service is  great, you can tell they have a regular staff and not part timers like the other venues in the area.  Food is is unique and varied and oh so good.... and man are the portions huge.Great  job to the staff, you have something good going here.was there 7/21/13
4	Had baked ziti....huge portions low prices. The garlic knots are heaven. Waitress was friendly & efficient. A nice find!
5	My husband and I have gone to this place twice now. First time we went was with a group of 10-12 people. Which regardless if it was just us 2 or all 12 of us we had great customer service!! They made sure we had everything we needed, which we did. Its great when you can see everyone gets along as if they were family and when they can laugh with the owner, which he came by and made sure everything was going well. This place is definitely a place where I will be returning the food was excellent and the customer service is always great and I would gladly recommend this place to any friend or family member!
4	Awesome! My brother and I live down the street so we are always ordering pizza for pick up. They call when it is finished and I make my way there. LOADS OF CHEESE! YAY. I really love their pizza, it always defeats my expectations. Amazing place, and if you love Mama Gina's you should try Old Roma in old town Glendale. Awesome food.
1	Before eating there for the first time, I called to ask if their patio was dog-friendly. They told me that it was, so we brought our very well-behaved, certified therapy dog for lunch with us. The servers were nice & brought water for our dog. One of them, as well as other patrons, even took her picture. We went there three more times with our dog & were welcomed. Here's where it goes bad: We went for lunch on a Saturday. That's apparently one of the days that the owner is there, & he absolutely refused to allow our dog on the patio. He told us that there is a state law forbidding non-service dogs from patio dining. We knew this wasn't the truth. He told us if we could prove that, he'd allow dogs there. I found the county laws regarding patio dining & dogs & faxed it to him. Basically all they needed to do was post a sign stating that their patio is dog friendly. He sent us an email, going back on his word & still refusing. We will not spend another dime at a restaurant whose owner has zero integrity.
2	As an employee of one of the nearby arenas, I chose Mama Gina's on a night where I was stuck at work late and needed to pick up a quick bite. I went in with a friend and we both ordered to go. Both of us got hot sandwiches- I got the chicken parm. After ordering and paying, we were told that we could have a seat in the dining area while we wait. What was supposed to be a quick dinner-run ended up being about a 30 minute wait to get our food. I ordered a drink to go and had to wait the whole thirty minutes before even getting my cup to fill up. Very annoying. The food really even wasn't that good, and the chicken tasted similar to that of Lean Cuisine chicken parm. Overall, pretty disappointed with Mama Gina's. I've heard the pizza is pretty good here, but I wouldn't have any experience to vouch for it.
2	We choose this place over the many other pizza options in the area and boy that was a mistake....  I ordered a calzone to share and it was a large portion but the dough was raw and soggy! I asked if it at ricotta cheese and was told yes, and when I got it home I found out there was none. This was upsetting to me because I would have paid the extra for the ricotta had I just been told correctly.  I did order the garlic knots as well and they were okay, a little bland but not the worst I have had. All in all I will not return to this establishment not when  there is so many choices in the area.
1	The service was terrible! When I asked for ranch dressing for my calzone as I waited for the calzone to arrive. The waitress grabbed the ranch from my coworkers appetizer and gave it to me.  I guess he didn't want it according to the waitress, cause he was not asked. Then my calzone that I ordered came and it was the wrong calzone. I didn't have time during my lunch break to wait while they cooked another.   When she picked up my other coworkers empty plate of buffalo wings she asked if I wanted the rest of his ranch dressing (streaks of buffalo sauce in it) .  Then at bill time I have her a $20 for a $13.21 lunch and waited for my change. She gave me back only $6- no change, so I included the missing change in the tip amount I left to make a %15 tip even though service was terrible. And got cursed at while leaving.  The food is good but they need to make a serious change in wait staff. If I remembered her name I would have added it to this review.
5	Fabulous! Fabulous! The bruschetta is the best I've ever had. The garlic knots are delicious and the margarita pizza is yummy! Excellent service! I'm Italian and very picky about Italian food and it's great here!
2	Ok, so I have lived in Westgate for sometime now and finally decided to give this place a try.  Ordered 6 wings to try them out and a pie.   The service was prompt and friendly and the place was clean and well staffed.  The wings were obviously frozen wings with Franks Red Hot poured on them.  Considering Native New Yorker is across the street, it didnt seem like they put any effort into them.  The pizza was one of the worst I have had.  The crust was burned in some places and the dough was raw in the middle.  The pizza had a very weird soapy taste, almost as if the pizza was made on a pan that still had dishwater on it.$32 for 6 sub par wings and 1 nasty pizza was not ok.  So dissapointed as I was hoping ti have a good place I could walk to.  I wouldnt come back.
1	Appetizer is okay, took 30 minutes to get drinks, they keep bringing the wrong food (other people's) to the table and we have been here an hour but only one person at our table has their food. I will never come back again!
2	Service is friendly but the table are pretty squishy.  The small table for two has condiments and a pizza holder which barely leaves room for two plates.We ordered the antipasto salad and the meatball sub.  Honestly I can make a better antipasto salad.  The meatball sub was a bland as bland can be.   I would have liked to try the pizza but they only server 16".
3	used to love this place. the wings are great, made the way i enjoy. the pizza is good, but while eating my second slice i just got sick of all the cheese for some reason. My favorite was the crust so soft and yummy. still a good place to eat before going to movies.
1	Visiting Arizona with our travel ball team. In between games we go to Mama Gina's to eat. We ask the manager to change to channel to basketball and he tells us "only if you move all the kids from the table so we can sit other customers". Very rude and we spent $500!
1	We were visiting from out of town and like to "eat local". There were only 4 other tables when we arrived and 5 or 6 staff standing around we waited 15-20 minutes after being seated before anyone came by. I was brought the wrong beverage the large Cesar salad came with 1 garlic knot for two of us and the pizza was just ok. I would not normally leave a yelp but the service was really shameful we won't be back this trip or any other.
1	Mama Gina's - well I will never come back here again ! We'll order honey hot wings ! No honey whatsoever ! Sent back to kitchen all they did was put more sauce on wings ! Pizza was grease as can be - it's not New York pizza ! Service was fine ! Food is very poor !
5	Loved the pizza and the outside patio! Pizza was thin and not too much sauce, salad was a big portion with great flavor and my daughters chicken fingers were tasty too! Overall the service was adequate and food came out quickly. I would recommend it anytime.
5	This was our first time here, and everything we ordered was fabulous! I can't think of the last time that we went to a restaurant where everyone in our family (7of us) agreed that the food was great. Our service was great as well- our server Megan was very nice and attentive. I can wholeheartedly recommend everything we ordered: the bruschetta, garlic cheese bread, wings (BBQ and spicy), extra cheese-cheese pizza,Chicken Picatta, and even my little ones chicken tenders and fries were above average. We will definitely be coming back!
1	Food was disgusting the only reason we went there was that we bought a restaurant s.com voucher where you save like 20.00 dollar s so we decided to try it and we ordered a salad , dozen wings , large pepperoni pizza . The lettuce was old the tomatoes where mushy , the wings tasted like they've been sitting for a while , and finally the pizza was flavor less nothing on the pizza stuck out . But that is not the worst part nasty food aside THE STAFF DECIDED TO ADD THEMSELVES A 30% TIP never going there again
2	Our first visit here. The service was great. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful. The location is priceless. Westgate  is a super fun place to hang out. Too bad the pizza wasn't so great. It tasted like a frozen pizza I could have cooked at home! Bland. Sauce was gross. Crust was thin and too soft. Its too bad. Given the location and competition... the pizza shod be much better! Too many other choices!
2	It was totally not busy. The service was totally fine but the food was just okay.  I ordered the bruschetta and it came with at least two cartons of baby tomatoes-it was overloaded. My husband got a meatball sub which was loaded beyond belief with cheese. The chicken tenders meal was okay but a bit greasy for my daughter. We also got wings but had to pay extra for the ranch and blue cheese. Perhaps we will try it again and order something else.
3	The food was ok. It was very slow when we walked in and only 2 customers showed during our lunch. Very nice staff and the decor was nice. The price of the lunch special would be a better value at $3.99 based on the flavor and quality. The eggplant was decent, quite certain it was frozen and then deep fried. I would not go back but it's worth giving a try. Good amount of food for the price.
1	Seriously...get rid of the microwaves. I feel like I'm on an episode of kitchen nightmares. My husbands food came out just wrong. Not even what he ordered. Mine....well I bent my fork trying to cut my GARLIC BREAD! And to top it off, I had ice in my salad (all in the photos I am posting) and my little girl had soup for sauce instead of pasta sauce. They didn't drain the pasta. Horrible food. And really, are you a sports bar or a pizza joint or an Italian Restaurant. OMG.
1	Horrible management, horrible service. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone! Manager was incredibly rude and did not care that we had complaints about service and told us to leave if we didn't like it. He was arrogant and belligerent and I will never try and go there nor recommend this place to anyone I know or don't know.
1	SO Annoyed!   So come to find out that this place has TWO different Menus.ONE is the normal day to day with decent prices.TWO is a menu that they bust out on GAME DAYS!  Its limited and I understand they want to turn tables and have easy quick meals.   BUT to  RAISE your $$$$ PRICES because of the increased business after the game is RIDICULOUS!!!!!  POOR BUSINESS ETHICS, POOR MANAGEMENT! Not only will I not be back on game day but I won't be back any other day.ALSO,  their website states $10 16-inch pies on Wednesdays and Sundays but when we were there on Sunday after the game they charged 17.50 and they said they no longer have the special even though it's indicated on the website!
4	Great pizza! Good environment. Speedy service. Great if you enjoy New York style pizza. The classic pizza was great, the Hawaiian pizza was very good. The best selection could be improved upon, but it was decent.
