3	I've been out of the area for the past couple of years, and I'm sorry to report after three visits over the last year that Brisam's has gone downhill. It's hard to pinpoint exactly where they lost their way, but somehow the blah interior and mediocre food now seem sub-par instead of "just right" for a neighborhood hole-in-the-wall. There is little else in the immediate vicinity, so if you can't tolerate driving even a few minutes away, it's a reasonable choice. Otherwise if you're looking for a small local restaurant I'd head east on Lone Mountain Road to Uncle Louie's (SE corner of LM & Scottsdale Rd). Or, there's always Cave Creek proper (north) or Desert Ridge (south). In the Desert Ridge area I'd suggest Humble Pie if you're looking for a local place with a similar vibe as the Brisam's of yore.Original review:Brisam's is an unpretentious neighborhood restaurant that delivers consistently on all the things that matter. The food is very good, the service is friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere is comfortable. This is the kind of place where you will find locals returning every week. If you're looking for something healthy and not too heavy, the fish special is always a good bet. The accompanying rice is very tasty, and the vegetables (often asparagus) are well prepared. Other good choices include the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich (surely the best in town) and the Greek salad (which features huge chunks of feta cheese).
4	I like this place... Never did eat here, but the bar is loaded with regular ol' local folks who are cool and don't have that "stay outta my locals only bar" attitude.... The bartenders and waitresses are very cool and they pour big pours for reasonable money.... Good quiet bar.
3	Lots of regulars here. Can make it difficult to find a seat a the bar, but the high tops near the bar area keep you in the loop too. They are very generous with their with their pours so watch out if you order a drink. My boyfriend always gets a steak or hamburger here and has never had a complaint. I love the tuscan chicken pasta dish with sun-dried tomatoes and artichokes. Yum! We always ask for Jen's section. She a cute sassy blonde who knows her stuff.
5	For a small neighborhood bar /restuarant,  this is as good as it gets.   The food is good and the service is friendly.  Patrons are friendly as well.  I usually get one of their pizzas to eat,  but have eaten numerous other things from the menu and was never disappointed.  The fish tacos have become a favorite of my girlfriend since she tried them a few weeks ago.  One drawback is that they close kind of early. (10pm)  Not a problem for me,  but it might be for others.
5	This is a terrific neighborhood restaurant bar where you immediately feel welcome by the staff and the 'regulars'. The philly steak sandwich is incredibly yummy, reasonably priced at under 10 bucks for a very generous portion and the bartendars are quite generous with their pour's. Very casual and a great place to hang out at the end of a long day. I wish they were open later but glad they have such a wonderful staff and a relaxing atmosphere.
5	love this place, super casual and delicious food, good atmosphere and good service.  they have a vodka penne pasta that is to die for...not the healthiest but there is plenty for leftovers (I've frozen them and saved them for a meal later on and it was still delicious).  Great drinks and the servers really know their stuff about the food and flavors as well as how to treat customers.
5	Friday after work and the wife and I we're debating where to eat. We let YELP decide. Fish tacos were great and Greek salad was refreshing. Great local environment! The ambiance was modern and comfortable. Nice and cool too. Good, friendly service.   Definitely coming back!
4	Service is great.  Decor is modern and sober. Food is very good.  Tried the fish tacos and Swai Filet.  Both were delicious. Will be going back for sure!
4	We went in there a few days ago and not only loved the food but the service was amazing! The people who run this place are so friendly and accommodating!  Great place in the neighborhood to grab a bite and watch a game.
5	This place is wonderful and the owner Steve is usually there makingsure everyting is gotng good with your meal and you are enjoying your visit.  They take great pride in knowing folks and are always aiming to bring you back. -  tough menu choices-  Every  sounds and looks great coming out of the kitchen.  Just go!  You will love it!!
4	This place is a nice neighborhood restaurant.  We do not have many in this neck of the woods so we will take anything.  This place is good.  It is upscale and the prices are reasonable for the neighborhood.  However, the best has to be the customer service.  The server and waitress were very friendly and let you know you mattered.  They tend to get busy, which means they have a lot of repeat customers.  That should speak for itself.
4	I really like this place. It's a great local joint! The owners are so nice and their food is consistently delicious. The portions are huge!I still have to try their deep fried cookie dough dessert, the portions are so big ... I never get that far.
5	On a whim we tried Brisam's last night over Cocomo Joe's strictly based on Yelp reviews.  So glad we did.  It's got a great vibe, great staff and fantastic food.  The clam chowder is probably the best I've ever had in Phoenix.  My fiance had a spicy chicken sandwich that was top notch, I had the killer mac n cheese, and it was as advertised, killer.  Incredibly cheesey and huge portions, I had the rest of it for lunch today.  We split chicken strips as an appetizer, they were the only part of the meal that wasn't amazing, but they were still very good.  Our server was incredibly attentive (glass of water never got close to half empty and the restaurant was hopping) and friendly, and the host (also assuming the owner) dropped by the table a few times and was very personable.  We've lived less than a mile away for nearly a year, and had never even heard of Brisam's, but will certainly be back.
4	We were looking for a place to go do dinner away from those bustling shopping centers close to our home, like Desert Ridge. I searched Yelp for Cave Creek restaurants and Brisam's fit the bill. The food was outstanding. My husband got the fish and chips; I got the fish tacos. I was trying to eat light in preparation for dessert. We did share the deep fried cookie dough which I have to say, wasn't all that spectacular. I will pass on it next time. Our waitress was very sweet and I appreciated that the owner stopped at our table to check on us. Our only issue was that the service wasn't great. I kept telling myself that it was busy and our waitress had a lot of tables, but that really wasn't the case. I also noticed other patrons repeatedly asking the waitress about the status of their orders. We live 7 miles from Brisam's but by the time we got home, we'd been away nearly 2 hours and that was the only place we went. That being said, I will go back and give them another shot because the food made it worth the wait.
4	We love Brisam's!!!  It is close to where we live so we could almost walk.  The food is so good and the service is awesome!! You may have to wait sometimes but it is well worth it!  They make a great vodka tonic and the spinich artichoke dip is one of my favorite appetizers!  You can't do much better if you want great food and great service and a nice atmosphere!!!
5	We thought this was a new restaurant and decided to check it out.  Turns out they have been here for  5 years just didn't have a street sign.  Food and service were great.  The Cajun shrimp app was to die for.  The Tuscan pasta and the fish tacos soooo worth another trip.
5	Absolutely Fabulous! The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful...food is so good...the biggest problem you will have is trying to stop eating! We will be back! I only wish I hadn't wasted five years not eating here.
5	First off I just wanted to note how picky I am at restaurants. Every restaurant seems to fall short of my expectations, but Brisam.s far exceeding it. The waitress, Cindy, was an absolute doll. She was great all around, making sure we knew how their menu worked (since it was our firat time there); made excellent recomendations; and was extremely prompt in everything that she did. Not to mention the manager came by twice to not only make sure we enjoyed our time, but to make sure we felt at home. He communicated that he likes to learn everyones name, so your not a stranger but a friend when you eat there.This restaurant is beyond amazing. Their food was also excellent! Needless to say we will be back whether its fir drinks, food, or a friendly smile!
3	We live very close by and drive by Brisams literally every day to drop of our kids at school. Honestly, with the local penchant for high end, mediocre food, I always thought that Brisams was just another wannabe high end joint. From the outside, who would have thought it was basically a sports bar. I guess that's the problem I have with Brisams. It's deceiving in that it is a sports bar with typical fare, but not quite a sports bar. If this was the original intent when it was built, it misses the mark pretty severely. If it used to be a mediocre high end restaurant turned sports bar, then I suppose they get a little give on the decor. Simply put, the place doesn't fit the usual sports bar feel....something is missing. The food was good, not great. Atmosphere was lively and plenty of folks dining, even on a Tuesday evening. Clientele seems to be older than we were with a 6 year old.
1	We decided to try this place out last month.  It was the worst restaurant we have ever gone to in the last 10 years.  They were horrible with kids, they never refilled drinks, it took 15 minutes to order, 40 minutes for food, and the food tasted like something a 15 year old just trying to cook in a high school home ec class would make.  We obviously had a very bad experience and I'm surprised to see this place ranked so high.  We looked back in the kitchen and saw one of the cooks on his cell phone and then went on to scratch himself, only to go back to cooking after his phone call was done.   I don't think we would eat there again even with a $100 gift certificate.
4	Been there twice.  Both times for lunch.  This is probably the best bet in the Cave Creek area.  Food is good staff is nice .  If you want the ambiance of the town go up and hit one of the many places like Harold's or El Encanto. If you are up here and just want a good meal
4	We have been to Brisam's several times, but I have taken this place for granted and never written a review.  This is a very casual place.  It's kind of a Sports Bar but with better dining.  We have enjoyed many of their sandwiches which are available on a wide variety of buns.  The fish and chips is good, but not awe inspiring.  Last Saturday, I ordered the fried chicken.  Our server was extremely helpful and alerted me that many people like it but it had a heavy batter.  This is how I like fried chicken and it did not disappoint me.Our service has always been top notch.  This is a smaller place and does get busy so sometimes you need to be patient.  In the summer, it's usually not too bad.  One server ( I think her name is Cindy.) is especially fun.  She takes no notes -- even when we have been with eight people -- and we have never had a mistake in the order.When the owner is present, he will stop by and ask if all in OK.It's a great place to visit again, and again.
5	places like Harold's or El Encanto. If you are up here and just want a good meal this is the place. All of us locals go here. I go here once a week. Damon pours a good drink.  And the usual suspects  are fun. If you live around Tatum Ranch and  you haven't gone.  Shame on you   Do it My neighbors
5	Have been eating at Brisam's regularly for years with very consistent results. I like consistency when it comes to food quality and service - especially if they are in my neighborhood. Like another reviewer mentioned, it's easy to take Brisam's for granted sometimes. Not sure why, since the restaurant pickins are slim in this general area of Cave Creek/Tatum Ranch.... so we are lucky to have Brisam's!We have probably eaten here 50 times in the past 5+ years - so perhaps once a month or so. I don't recall even a single time where our order was wrong, slow, or the food less than very good. The service is always very fast and great for weeknights when we don't want to cook but need decent food and a glass of wine and just go home. Our kids (6 and 9) really like the place too, and the staff is always very friendly with them and I appreciate that.As other reviewers mentioned, it's sort of a cross between a sports bar and a "normal" midrange restaurant. Pretty contemporary furnishings and low lighting in the evening. If you want a good meal and fast, consistent service, you can't really go wrong with Brisam's!Rating it 5 stars because it delivers on good food at an appropriate price point for it's class - with consistently good service!
4	I like this place.  The food is pretty good, portions are nice, the servers are pretty attentive, as are the bartenders.  The owner (maybe she is the manager?) is often there and is super nice.  My wife and I usually share a salad and some appetizers... everything we've tried so far has been good.  My only complaint is I wish they had s few more tap lines or filled the tap lines they had with some better craft beer choices.  It would be nice to have some more local options for instance in a local business like this.  Anyhow I highly recommend... best place for a pint and some good food in the area.
2	Strictly a place for Seniors, they love the terrible food which is salty and high in fat typical bar food.  The service is terrible, and the bartender spends most of the time chatting with friends at the bar and ignoring the customers.  Go into Phoenix if your looking for good food.
5	This is probably the best bet in the Cave Creek area.  Food is good staff is nice .  If you want the ambiance of the town go up and hit one of the many places like Harold's or El Encanto. If you are up here and just want a good meal this is the place. All of us locals go here. I go here once a week. Damon pours a good drink.  And the usual suspects  are fun.  I took a buddy from Colorado here last night.  As usual.  Great.
5	we love this place and been eating there forever.they are friendly and always remember you and what you like to eat.in an industry that just wants your money and the food sucks,brisams has fair prices and the food is great! the pizza is great and pair it with the pasta and you and your girl have a awesome meal!hope this place is there for more years to come!!thanks guys..see you next time!!
5	My wife and I eat here a lot during lunch time.  The food is great and the service from the wait staff is excellent.  Their southwest salad and nachos are really good and I strongly recommend them.
3	Not bad! was very slow for a Saturday but the food came quick and prices were competetive with everyone else.
5	Love this place. I have never eaten / been inside but from the outside it looks somewhat small. I've gotten the spaghetti there and the chicken. Both were amazing and had no regrets. The portion sizes are very good and not too big but not too small. I would definitely go back here and eat inside of the normal take out meals I have gotten.
3	I live very close to here so wanted to check it out.  It's tucked back behind another building so not visible from street.... their sign does the trick though.  Ok so hubby had the spicy chicken sandwich and I had the fried chicken.  All was just okay... nothing exciting.  Sandwich was pretty spicy and good but nothing outstanding.  Chicken was crispy and batter was thick and heavy but not a ton of flavor.  Coleslaw came with chicken and was also lacking flavor.  I'm a french fry lover... I'd pass on these and get something else.  They were thin fries that just were mediocre if that.  The service was pretty good but very friendly.  I will agree with other yelpers that their pours are very generous! I wasn't crazy about the food but I will definitely give them one more try at least.
4	Great service and a very good hamburger.  Restaurant was too noisy for my taste, with a lot of bar noise throughout.  Seems to be more of a drinking place than a restaurant.  Will pass next time.
4	We've been to Brisams several times now. We always have good service. Sometimes the place is packed & it takes a little longer, but the wait staff is always very attentive and the food is good. It's great having a restaurant close by.
2	Wanted to like, close to home, didn't get a server for 10 minutes, just wasn't impressed with the food, maybe it was just a bad night.
5	Was very busy for a Tuesday night in the summer, which is a great sign. Our waitress treated us like FAMILY (in a good way). The Malbec on the list was spectacular for the price. We ordered hamburgers and they were large and delicious. they came with abundant side salads.We had to eat inside due to the heat, but their patio looked nice. Its in a small strip mall so the outdoor ambiance isn't that great, but this was not important to us. This was perfect for a local place to go when you just don't want to cook at home. There were plenty of TV's for watching sports and there seemed to be a chunk of families there. We eat out a lot and this experience over-delivered for a neighborhood restaurant.
5	Love their food, definitely hits the spot!!! I recommend the whiskey penne pasta or killer Mac 'n cheese -- and for dessert, the Kahlua ice cream mud pie.
2	After moving here from Chicago to Tatum Ranch in Cave Creek, my husband and I stopped in for dinner...so excited to have a restaurant  close ti the house that could become a staple for us as we eat out 2 to 3 times for dinner every week...well, we will not be back - drinks were subpar, service was bad, food was cold...sad really - kick it up a notch of 10 and you could print money!
5	This place is my family's favorite go to restaurant. Service is always fantastic and super friendly, and the food never disappoints. Some favorites are the blackened chicken Alfredo, fish tacos, and any of the pizzas! There isn't a better neighborhood restaurant as far as I'm concerned.
2	This local restaurant really needs a decor update..dark, dank, smelled of fish and stale beer. Food was only so so..burger was VERY overcooked despite ordering it medium. The French fries were tasteless and greasy. Very slow to get drink refills. Will likely not return, would rather eat at home.
5	Moved to a new area and were having some things done to the house and we need to kill an hour or two for lunch. Needless to say we found this by accident(because it was close) and figured it must be good as it was not easily visible from any main streets.  We were not dis appointed!! The staff was friendly, gave us the history of the place as they had been there for like 8 years! If you looking for a Great casual restaurant with a good variety on the menu, this is it!   PS - we YELP'ed it before we walked in and the good reviews were accurate!!
5	So yummy. Our favorite 1 x a week dinner place. Wish it was more but we eat at home a lot. Always great service. Always great food.
5	Nothing negative about this place!
5	My husband and I love stopping in at Brisam's.  Friday night's is one of my favorites as they have the best clam chowder in town, and always great special's.  Neighborhood atmosphere, with casual attire with a good mix menu.  The staff is always friendly and I can say that every visit the service has been outstanding.  I'd list all my favorites but that is list is just tooo long.  Great place to visit with friends over a good meal and drinks. Michele and Greg Clark
5	Holy moly Philly cheesesteak!! I have never felt so excited and happy to be at a restaurant. Cindy was one of the best servers I've had. First time here and definitely won't be my last!!
4	Excellent American food and very friendly staff! Delicious thin crust pizza and fish tacos. Yummy fresh spinach dip. Family friendly with a nice patio, and reasonable prices.
5	Been going there for years and I love it! The food is delicious and it's consistent. Love the creole shrimp appetizer, the garlic bread that comes with it is to die for. Love their pizza and my boyfriend loves the Philly cheesesteak. You must try it!
2	The best thing I can say about Brisam's is that it is air-conditioned.  No, that was rude.  Actually, the service was pretty good.  It's pretty beat-up inside and we were seated at a table that had been wiped down but still had crumbs on the table-top and seat.  The tables are VERY close together.  It was about 5 pm and Happy Hour was in full-swing.  Almost every table was seated and the acoustics not so great, so even though DH and I sat catty-corner to one another, it was hard to hear each other.  It didn't help that a person of the female persuasion in the bar area was very happy, and for our entire meal made conversation or whinnied laughter at ear-splitting noise level.  The good thing, is that the average age of the clientele in the dining room made DH and I feel young and frisky!I ordered the fish tacos with a dinner salad.  DH ordered the honey chicken sandwich.  DH got a glass of wine, I got ice tea.  My ice tea tasted like a hint of old pipes, but it was cold and came with a big ol' lemon wedge, and was okay once you got used to the weird flavor.  It would have been nice if server had refilled my glass once, because odd flavor or not, it was really hot and the afternoon sun beats on the front plate glass windows, making it a bit warm in the restaurant, even with the ac at top speed.  DH was happy with his wine---served at proper temp, the glass was clean, price acceptable.Our salads were not very interesting and they were a weird combo of old and icky and new and crisp.  Half my salad was that big, yucky bitter yellow heart that should be tossed.  The other half was fresh green leaves and then those slimy dark green bits that come from a salad left in a bag or bin too long.  DH's was the same, excepting he didn't have as much lettuce heart in his.  Our salad dressings were good and the amount provided generous.My fish tacos arrived accompanied by a bowl of black beans and "mexican" rice.  I could tell the black beans would have been really tasty if they hadn't been so over-salted I choked on my one and only bite.  DH tried a bite (he loves black beans) and his comment was; "J***s!" The rice was not memorable.  The fish tacos were so overcooked---there was nothing succulent or delicious about them, except the blackening seasoning was quite good.  DH said his sandwich was very tasty as far as seasoning and sauces go, but the chicken was overcooked, and this is a man who likes his meat cooked to the point of shoe leather.  He said the bun was very good.  DH's comment as we left was: "Hey, the food arrived hot".  And that is a positive point.  It was not an expensive meal.I think if we want a quick, casual meal and we are in the area, why wouldn't we just drive the extra five minutes and go to Heart & Soul?  But if I was really, really hungry and for some reason not willing to drive up Cave Creek Road a piece, I'd try Brisam's again, because if you aren't concerned about noise-level or flavor, it does provide a goodly amount of food and acceptable pricing with decent service.
2	Tried this place (twice) because it is close to us but the convenience of it is not worth it. The first time we went in we were a little creeped out by the darkness of it and that it was desolate. My husband tried the Mac and cheese and I had the spicy chicken sandwich. Both were bland and unimpressive. The fries were limp and tasteless. We decided to give it a second try because we really wanted it to work. The second time the atmosphere was a bit more lively. The food was no different - bland. My husband gave the Mac and cheese another try, I had the fried chicken, and the kiddos had corn dog bites. My chicken was rock hard, the skin was a strange brown/burnt color and there was also very little meat inside. Needless to say, we will not be back and if we ever come back it will be with great trepidation.
5	If the amazing soup is any indication of a wonderful meal, we'll be back.  Ask for Cindy.  She is exceedingly friendly and made wonderful suggestions.
5	Another great meal. Had the infamous MAC and cheese.  The lady had chic Marsala. Both great. Couldn't finish as usual   So it was great for today's lunch for both of us.  Great service.  No place is perfect. But I've never been disappointed.  I haven't been in a few months.  So good
4	Came in for dinner. Atmosphere is nice sports bar. The pizza we ordered and shared was great and a good size for two people. We had two cocktails that were heavy on alcohol, light on taste/flavor. We didn't enjoy them that much but that might be fine for most folks - it is a sports bar, after all. We really enjoyed the food though!
5	Great crust in the pizza , the wings were amazing in taste and huge compared to other places. The service was amazing, our server had refills for us before we needed it, they were very speedy. I usually don't trust my husband's food taste, he eats anything but he was right they are amazing. Gray job , cant wait to bring the kids .
4	The service here is definitely the selling point.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The food was a solid okay and the beer selection was above average.  I really liked the outdoor seating area though it was constantly polluted by cigarette smoke which makes it uncomfortable for nonsmokers to enjoy the beautiful Arizona weather.  I am sure I will be back, but I'll remember my gas mask.
3	I was here years ago and it wasn't memorable.  Unfortunately, it's still not terribly memorable.  There's not specifically bad per se but it's just okay.
5	Cindy is amazing. You want exceptional service, can me to Brisams! The food is great! Always  searching for the best thing ranch?!? Stop you've found it! Philly cheese steak is awesome. I cant wait to come back and try their Reuben!
4	This place offers a really fantastic Sunday afternoon and evening football experience if you want to be surrounded by a variety of fans without any overly aggressive nonsense.  Cindy is amazing, the food and drink is solid and it is just generally a fun, happy place.   I do have to say that if you are a Seahawks fan you will get a healthier pour :-).  Plenty of tvs and they try to cater to all fans which is great!Oh and have to say again how great Cindy is!
