5	Every trip into Las Vegas will find me first at Kung Fu Plaza and then upon exiting again.  It's become an almost ritual where if I don't follow this pattern, I somehow don't win in Vegas.Firstly, a correction. . . Kung Fu is a Chinese AND Thai restaurant.  And it truly does cover very good Chinese and Thai foods.What do I recommend?  Everything!  From the Duck Noodle Soup to the Pad Thai to the Stuffed Chicken Wings and Stir Fried everything, the portions are "healthy" and the ingredients are plenty.  My biggest kick about Kung Fu though, is that they make the BEST Long Island Iced Tea I've ever had.  All ingredients included, this drink can make almost anyone drunk from just one glass.Today, Kung Fu has gone from being a ritual to a home.
3	The fam & I just checked in to our condo on the strip tired from the very hot drive from L.A.  This was the only place I could find on the book that deliver Chinese food where we are so I took my chances.  I ordered satay chicken, shrimp pad thai, mongolian beef, shrimp Thai fried rice, whole deep fried catfish, chicken panang, papaya salad and steamed rice ( I know it sounds a lot, but I also have the parents w/us), bill came up to $72.  The satay had a good flavor and not dry like some places.  Their menu said the shrimp pad thai and shrimp fried rice comes with plump shrimp ...what we got in these dishes looked very small and not as advertised---very disappointing.  The flavors were good though but they shouldn't have underlined "plump shrimp".  The cat fish was very good and almost made up for the shrimp.  The papaya salad had a good flavor but I would have liked the papaya shredded thinner.  Everything else was so-so, I've had better.  My dad liked it for the spiciness.
4	Had a Tom type of soup with coconut milk that was really fantastic. Tried #31 which was very good glass noodle dish with a dressing and meat shrimp and scallops. The chinese dish we tried was more bland but very good. The help was nice and service was pretty quick for our late lunch. I'd go back and recommend to a friend.
4	QUICK : INEXPENSIVE : GOOD PORTIONSi've eaten at kung fu's on several occasions, usually with the bf's family cuz they enjoy the asian style restaurants more so than the vegas buffets. kung fu's offers a vegetarian menu which is convenient for those non meat eaters. and for those who like it spicy, there's a range of spiciness from nothing to flaming hot. i like kick to my food and mild was good. if you like it hella spicy then go for it, but they aren't jokin' around. the waiters are really friendly, helpful when ordering and give feed back about dishes/portions if you ask. theres a lunch time menu... seems like a good bargain, but the individual plates are good too, especially if you wanna go family style. there's not a lot of people on a normal basis, but there is a good crowd.suggestions:tom yum soup (vegetarian and non-vegetarian) - both greatduck soup - good size for a 1 person mealpapaya salad (vegetarian/mild) - good kick, they do give more cabbage than i would like (i HATE cabbage)vegetarian egg rolls - ok, comes with rice and i didnt really enjoy their version of sweet and sour sauce (kinda oily texture to it)pad see ewe - nothing special, same as any other placei can't recall the other things that was ordered cuz everyone pretty much picks like 5 dishes each and we all share... yes we are pigs... for 2 people we spent $40, BUT we had left overs for another mealfor 20 people we spent well over several hundered $$$$$ but like i said, we are OINKERS....
4	I love this place, when I use to live in Vegas... every visitors I had, I would take them here to eat.  It's nothing fancy and since I use to be such a regular here, always good service.  The food is very delicous and I always leave this place satisfied.  Away from the strip and into china-town, this place is a little gem hidden at the corner of the street...... the portion size is great, and a family dining oriented restuarant that's able to seat large parties.  In general, the food is GOOD.
2	Edit:  I don't like this place anymore!  Last experience- the shrimp pad thai was really blah, had no shrimp in it so I had to ask for some, and came with fried rice which I didn't even want (and so less pad thai).  Also service was really slow for lunch.  It's such a huge room too, you just don't get the kind of personal service that you can get somewhere else, like Prommares.
3	This place has great food, and decent service.  But it was deaaaaaaad, at 9pm on a Friday.  It is a medium sized restaurant (maybe 20-30 tables?), and about 60% of the tables were unoccupied.  I'm sorry, but when the restaurant is so empty, you can't help but wonder whether you made a good choice, even if the food tastes wonderful.Maybe we just picked an off day.
4	Thai and Chinese. . . had the minced beef soup, fish cakes, pad see ew and pineapple fried rice.  Huge portions and a nice break from the buffetts or the super pricey casino restaurants.  The decor can use some improvement however the food satisifed my craving for Thai in Vegas.
4	SO and i hit for late lunch - we've eaten here ...at least 5 times - we focus on the thai food - they also have a nice lunch plate $5.55 - includes egg flower soup ( a little too thick ) a chicken wing, an egg roll ( ehhhh ) white or fried rice ...ok...and about 6 or so main entrees - i had the minced chicken w/ mint...tasty - overall a great deal at $5. SO had a spicy noodle soup ( rice noodles ) - it had some bite !!  spicy bbq pork salad....we always get this dish - decent chunks of pork, a lime/cilantro dressing, red onions, greens - a little spice but very refreshing !!we like this place
4	With a previous night of drunken debauchery in Sin City - Vegas we leave our beautiful suite at Palazzo and look for some good sober-up yet cold-weather warming food. Votes in - and THAI food it is! But where? So I remember heading out to Chinatown in a prior visit to Vegas a couple months back at Kung Fu! CHEAP, GOOD, and did I mention...GOOD!So 15 minutes later we're there and were seated promptly. Luckily, it was already after lunchtime  so we didn't encounter any wait time. We all chose to order dishes and share the portions. Tom Yum (HOT - of course), Pad Thai, some beef salad, and shrimp fried rice! The guys were digging the food but like myself, they agreed the service was aiiiiight! Could have been better (hence the 4 stars). SO - if you're in vegas and have a hankerin' for some Thai/Chinese (good decent and reminiscent of SGV style) hit Kung Fu up! It'll make you say...."HAAAAY YA!" LOL!
4	Being new to Las Vegas, the search is on for certain restaurants that are "musts" while I'm here. A good Chinese joint is crtical, and the mission has been accomplished.They've got a very good lunch special for $5.55 (described above). I recommend the BBQ Pork Appetizer. It's a little different than I've had before, coming covered with a honey sauce, but it's very good.Sweet & Sour Chicken is good, fried rice is solid. It's going to be a weekly stop for me.
4	Was looking for some good chinese to feed a hungry crew after a convention in Vegas.  The hotel recommended Kung Fu so we figured ok we'll give them a try.  WOW!  They were so friendly on the phone, very helpful with directions.  The food was great and everyone was really satisfied at the end of the meal.  They were very accomodating with plates, forks, napkins, and even provided serving spoons which was really nice.Why not 5 stars?  I had called about 45 minutes ahead.  When we arrived to pick up the food at the agreed upon time, it quickly became apparant that they hadn't even started preparing it yet.  I think they didn't believe we wer going to actually show up.  So we had to wait about 30 minutes, which was kind of a drag.  Other than that, great experience and I would definitely recommend this place, and go back if the opportunity presents itself on a future trip to Vegas.
4	I went to Kung Fu because I, and two friends, were in the mood for Thai Food around 10 pm, and that was the first restaurant we saw when we arrived in Chinatown.   We shared chicken satay and fried won ton as appetizers, and shared three entrees:  chicken with spicy garlic, sweet and sour pork and seafood pad thai.  Our waiter was new to the job and had to be urged to check with someone to give us information about the drinks at the bar (rather than just saying "I don't know" and leaving us with that) but he redeemed himself by returning with the owner, who explained the ingredients of the pina colada, and told us that the pina coladas and mai tais are the most popular bar drinks requested.As far as cleanliness, the nasty-looking carpeting was a problem. I believe the furnishings were rather worn-looking as well, but the space is brightly lit and relatively spacious.  The decor was nothing to write home about; the place is basically a white box with decorative Thai art and dusty-looking travel posters on the walls.But we came for the food, and I must say that everything was delicious.   For all of the above orders, a beer and a Pepsi, the bill came only to about $50, which isn't bad.  We all said we'd come back.
4	yummm... we initially discovered this place randomly because we were sick of filling our tummies with buffet food - and what a wonderful surprise! cute LA-style asian food... spicy food (they have the usual 1-5? 1-10? scale and they don't mess around at the higher numbers!), decent portions (especially for thai restaurants) and extensive menu (can please just about everyone - including vegetarians!). service is not that great, especially when they're busy (think 7pm on) and be wary of to go orders. we placed a to go order (albeit for 12 hungry girls), were told to stop by in half an hour, and we waited and waited... seemed like they don't cook it until you get there to pay. our favorite dish - fried spicy cat fish... this is now part of our usual las vegas to-go spot (and my parents' too)!
4	Good food, waiter not that attentive.It's more Thai restaurant than Chinese......
2	Ate here on my second night in Vegas.  I was going to eat at the plaza next to this one, the one with the Monkey King statue, but felt we have the best Chinese food in L.A., so it'll be a waste eating Chinese food in LV....  I should have stuck with my same reasoning for this place. The soup was decent, the Pa Nang curry was no good, they added peanut butter to the sauce, and the meat/veggies looked so plain.  Next time when you visit Vegas, stick with what they're known for, buffets and oyster bars.
2	I've eaten here twice, and the first time I thought that I really liked it, but that must have been because I was still intoxicated...It is Vegas after all! On my second time back here, I had the duck noodle soup and tom yum soup again, and DAMN were they OILY. I felt like I was just drinking luke warm oil. The pad thai and the curry I had we're just okay. I don't think I'll be coming back here, I didn't feel so good after eating here... Look elsewhere and don't let other drunken people convince you it's good.
4	Been here a few times while in town.  Usually get the typical Thai dishes when I come here w friends.  The papya salad, lad nah seafood, half an order of duck and chinese broccoli.  Looking forward to trying other things on their menu, but so far...so yummy!
3	Kung Fu Plaza Restaurant is one of the first restaurants you see as you enter Las Vegas Chinatown from the strip. I can't stand the name of the restaurant, but the food is not too shabby. A few years ago, I thought this place was the bomb, but I think because of the combination of food we ordered, I left feeling underwhelmed. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't so spectacular either. This restaurant offers both Thai and Chinese cuisine.Gotta have Tom Yum. We ordered the seafood. For 13 bucks, they didn't give us much soup, and the seafood was sparse, but it tasted alright. The Pad Thai was decent. Kind of hard to mess up pad thai.My sister ordered the Cashew Chicken. This was just an average dish. The Pan-fried Catfish was everyone's favorite. The fish wasn't perfectly fried by a long shot, but the sauce was very good. I'm not sure why it says that the sauce is "curry like" on the menu, but it was a bit spicy, and the basil added fragrance. I love spicy! Ok, let me tell you about this dish that hubby ordered. He has a history of ordering bad dishes. This was the Pa Nang Curry with Beef. It was like scooping a spoonful of peanut butter into my mouth. My mom said it was "so weird" in Vietnamese. It was.Lots of photos and full review on my blog.
2	Very disappointing.  This restaurant's Thai food was excellent four years ago, but has been going down steadily since then.  Now much of their Thai food tastes like bad Chinese food.  (I've traveled extensively in both countries, and I know the difference.)Today their Thai seafood mint combo was barely edible, and their Thai mixed vegetables was hardly better.  Noodle salad was only average.  My wife, who is Chinese, said the Thai food tasted like bad Americanized Chinese food - so salty she had to eat it with a lot of rice and three glasses of water (which saltiness is not typical of true authentic Thai).It's a shame this formerly excellent restaurant has careened downhill.
1	After driving around in search of a Chinese restaurant, we decided on this place. This place is hood!! It's extra ghetto inside with the worst service ever. I really can't complain though when the dishes are soo cheap. The food just wasn't good. In fact, I would say it's pretty disgusting. I ordered a broccoli and chicken dish, and the chicken wasn't fresh at all. I was actually scared to eat the meat!! Everything inside was sticky, dusty and dirty. They definitely need a makeover with the decor, food and service.
3	Me and my husband were staying at stratosphere, and i was craving chinese food and unfortunately, stratosphere did not serve chinese food .  I was looking thru the las vegas phone book and found them, I was skeptic but tried it anyways because they delivered. The food was good. My husband and I liked the shrimp fried rice and their pad se-ew was yummy.
5	This place has THE best Thai food in Nevada and California!  Everything here is done just to my liking.  The chefs just must be trained well.  My favorites:  pad thai with prawns; ong choy; minced chicken with garlic and basil (it's called mint, I think, but it's basil); Tom Yum soup; green papaya salad (though I like to order it with less sauce and salt, sometimes it's too saucy and salty).  This family-owned restaurant is run by a nice family and Mrs. Wang always says hi to me when she sees me.  I sure am missing this place because I haven't found a Thai place I like in the Bay Area yet.
4	I wasn't feelin' Thai food but after a weekend in Vegas, the one dollar sign was what attracted me most.We had a group of 11 and the restaurant was able to seat all of us at one huge, round table.  We decided to order separately (instead of family style) and I shared with two others.  Between us three, we ordered:-Tom Yum Soup (with Chicken): I specifically ordered "spicy", on a scale of 1-10....10!  It turned out, this Thai joint ain't no joke.  They really hit you with the hotness!  The spiciness I was fine with...but it was too overpowering and left the soup flavorless.  Next time, I'd probably order a 7.  I definitely recommend the Tom Yum Soup here because they give you an abundance of meat and mushrooms!-Pad See Ew (with Shrimp):  was decent, but they give you so much shrimp and it's such a good price that you can't not order this.Our leftovers hopped on the car ride back to San Diego with us and we had it for a delicious dinner.  Two meals for the price of one?  I like.  Great tasting leftovers?  I love!
5	This place is a hit or miss, I have to admit, because it's a 50-50 chance of liking a dish if I order blindly off the vegetarian menu. But when I visit Chinatown, I know I'm having lunch here. Why, you ask? For the veggie pad thai, of course! It's the best! The service is good. I dream about you, veggie pad thai... in the night, and during the day. mmm. And for about 6.99 for a plate of pad thai, it doesn't break my bank! The tom yum soup is also to die for. oh, be still, my hungry heart. :)
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat. The food is so good. Everything you order is great. The menu is huge. I like to order the Thai fried chicken wings that come with a sweet chili sauce. The pad Thai is always a winner. Tom yum goong, chicken chili mints and fresh egg foo young are sure to make you happy. I also love their Thai tea, it's the bomb. Service is good also, they pack up your leftovers for you to. It's a pretty popular place. Try it out and you will not be disappointed.
5	Best thai food ever!!! OMG....ive been craving this place ever since I left!  Pad Thai, Pad See-Ew, Garlic Pepper Pork, Fried Rice, everything is amazing!!!  Service is not so great, but that disappears when you taste their food!  I will definitely return here every time i come back to vegas!!! :D
5	No romantic dinner or lunch.Great place for Pad Thai,chicken fried rice,sweet&sour soup,curry dishes.TOM YUM soup is perfect.I spent about 5 years around Thailand...This is good food.Place looks old,but very clean.You can tell by the cleanliness of the restroom.
3	A cornerstone of Chinatown in Las #Vegas Kung Fu Plaza ofers a chinese/thai menu with delivery offered in the nearby vicinity.NOT a big fan of asian cuisine since its all rice,noodles and strange meats I tend to stay away but I played it safe with an appetizer combo,BBQ Pork fried rice and wor wonton  soup. Delivered to my door in 25 minutes for under $30!!The fried rice was good but nothing special-very little pork and the rice was just ok. NO crunchy noodles for the Wor WonTon Soup when I requested them was a big downer:( The soup was really good however.The appetizers were ok I could have ordered a dozen of the wings and been better off however!! The other stuff was forgettable even looking at the photo I cant rememeber what it was:(Alot better places to try in Chinatown but you live you learn.
5	The name doesn't sound like a good/authentic Thai place. But I have to admit this place served the best Thai I had ever had. I had tried Thai in many places such as Toronto, London (UK), Malaysia, Hong Kong, Singapore - this is by far the best Thai!! We ordered Mango salad, Tom Yum Soup and Pineapple Fried Rice. We ended up finishing everything on the table! I will go back to Vegas one day just for this restaurant!
5	amazing garlic chicken and pad sew eww
4	I have gone to this Thai restaurant on almost everyone of my Vegas trips, which have been plenty. You have not had Thai pho until you've had it here. Very authentic. They never disappoint me on any of the dishes I've ordered. This last time I was there I didnt see my normal waiter, I'm not sure whether it's changed hands or not. I ordered to go and the food was a little different, still good tough, plus I didnt see the usual waiter in there that remembers me the 2-3 trips a year that I'm there. Regardless still one of my fav Thai restaurants.
3	Great prices. Pad thai so-so pineapple fried rice amazing
4	My Fav Thai/Chinese restaurant in Vegas! Such a variety of food to choose from. There's even a vegetarian menu. Tofu Satae is my favorite appetizer. It comes with toast & a cucumber salad.
3	Pretty good food at decent prices and relatively large portions. Been to Kung Fu several times and would definitely go back. Go give this place a try it isn't the best but it is pretty good and cheap.
2	I dunno, maybe I didn't order the right thing. The vegetarian selection had the standard dishes but the dish that caught my eye was the Mongolian tofu. We also ordered the fried spring rolls, papaya salad and a glass noodle soup.The Mongolian tofu dish was deep friend tofu cubes which I normally LOVE, but it was soggy and oily. The 'mixed veggies'  with it were very sparse. The sauce was so-so.The spring rolls and papaya salad were decent... no better than other places.The veggie glass noddle soup was a load of noodles in a tasteless broth with lacking veggies.P.S. I thought about a return visit to try other dishes but I would much rather go to Komols, Ping Pong, Hue Thai or Veggie Delight. Always good.
4	We live in California, so we don't get to eat at this restaurant often. When ever we in Las Vegas, we make sure we stop by at least once before we come home.  We loved the Boat Noodle, Beef salad they the best
4	When I first saw the location I didn't think I'd like it, or the service would be that great, but everyone was friendly, fast, attentive to our beverages.The food was pretty good, we asked for a mild on the coconut curry, it was slightly spicier than mild, but still yummy.The area was clean, service fairly quick, good food.
1	Wor won ton soup + Chicken and mixed vegetables. ==23.60?I ordered around 8pm, and i recieved my food at 9:30.i received two small containers that did not have enough food for two people.Wor won ton soup = flavorless, and two won tons.Chicken with mixed veggies = a whole lot of veggies, no chicken?!!!So to sum it all up, slow service, flavorless food, and no chicken!!!!
4	We needed a fast dinner so we got delivery from this place.  I got the Laad Naa Seafood Combo (pan fried wide noodles with Chinese broccoli in brown gravy with seafood) for $13.The entree was rather large (bigger portion than I expected) and came in one of those black microwavable dish.  Nice rich gravy, nice load of seafood, great taste. Definitely would order form here again the next time I'm in Vegas although some of my friends didn't like their entrees.
2	i eat food from here twice and i have had much better i give it a  D.
5	being that i am thai and have had thai food from many places in america and in thailand let me be the first one to say that this place could have possibly the best THAI FOOD in america that i have had...when i say best i mean authentic not that natalee thai crap or any of that stuff that is watered down and served to people who dont know anything about thai food...this place has a thai and chinese menu.....stick with the thai food here....every time i set foot in las vegas eating here is a must...the food is made here the way it is supposed to be made...SIMPLY AMAZING!
2	1. service was quite slow for an asian place2. flavors were dense (pad thai and pad see ew were okay. Tom Kha Coconut soup, ive had better. Combination FR and BBQ Chow Mein, i rather eat my parents)3. water was refilled quite fast 4. the name of the restaurant? kinda silly5. thai dishes were better than their chinese dishes6. menu was large enough to feed a whole country7. lastly, a couple sitting to the right of us were singing to each other.. my group of 9 were disturbed
3	I can only rate the Thai part of the menu, which was good. Nothing that stood out as spectacular, but good. Be warned that their idea of "medium" spice is pretty spicy! We heard others at the table next to us saying the same thing.
5	Awesome authentic Thai food!!  We tried several dishes and every single dish was excellent!!  Every time I'm in Vegas and craving some Chinese or Thai food this place really is able to satisfy my craving. We also ordered for delivery one of the times and they delivered to our hotel on the strip for only $5 delivery charge.  They even deliver it to the door step of your hotel room!  Sooo worth it especially when the cab ride back and forth to our hotel is like $20.
5	Cheap, delish and AWESOME!
4	Kung Fu has one of the best lunch specials in Vegas. For $5.95 you get soup, an entree with steamed or fried rice, an egg roll and a fried chicken wing from 11-3pm.The rest of the menu is very exhaustive including Thai and Chinese dishes. The hot pots of soup are intense and delicious, better for parties of 3 or more.The food is rich and flavorful and none of the staff speaks much English*, which means the cook are Thai and know what they're doing.*In an effort to not sound offensive, if you want people to speak perfect English get some generic food from Panda Express.
5	On a budget [lost all of your money or planning on losing it?] but still want to eat good?  This place is freaking AWESOME.  A DEFINITE must-have in your Vegas trip's arsenal of contingency plans for when you are too hung over to leave the hotel for food, too broke or sick of the room service food, and you want variety.  They have an extensive menu, and they DELIVER?!?  I expected the Mr. Chau/Panda Express equivalent of Chinese fast food, so I was not excited whatsoever.  When the boyfriend read off the menu options and said they had an extensive Thai menu as well, I already knew what I wanted: Their green coconut curry w/ chicken.  I don't remember what the hell else everyone ordered, but it was all in my belly quick, and the coconut curry was the BEST I've had, hands down.  The chicken was tender and moist, the veggies were crisp, and the curry itself was a sweet and spicy blend of perfection.  Not too salty, and not too bland.I was surprised the price we paid, and bitter we wasted almost double that on 3/4 less food from room service the night prior.  We also waited JUST AS LONG for our food, too!  Definitely put this place on your speed-dial when you're there.  It was nice to have a break from the traditional American food fare at all the buffets, and even better: it saved us $$$ when feeding a grip of hungry and broke people chillin' in our hotel room.  Convenience, price, speed, service, good Asian food = 5 stars.
4	The BF grabbed us some food to-go. It carried well considering that there was the drive home to Centennial Hills and it stayed hot. We got chicken pad se ew- standard dish, but well done. Chinese brocoli with crispy pork- garlicky sauce, fresh and crispy dish. I thought it was cute they included utensils and plates. A plus is that the person on the phone is easy to understand and gave a really good approximate time so the food was piping hot when it was picked up. The price was just right and the portions I thought was pretty generous.  Going to try dining in soon.
4	This place shocked me.  Shadowed by the likes of Krung and Thai Style Noodle House, the advertisement of "Thai and Chinese", and the funny name, this place needs more credit than it gets when it comes to really good Thai food.  In fact, I think its better than TSNH... that's right, I said it!  I wonder if the crowds of Thai customers that were there today during lunch would agree with me?We ordered the pad see ew with pork, the "sweetened" green curry with fish balls, and the mint chicken.  All were amazing dishes! The pad see ew was simply perfect.  It had little red peppers and beans that were difficult to notice just by looking at the dish, but also added to the flavor.  This pad see ew had some awesome flavor!  The pork was well prepared, and the large chunks of Chinese broccoli were fresh and delicious.  If it weren't for the little, tiny bit of noticeable grease, I would say this is the best pad see ew I have had in a long time, and even then only Thai Grill and maybe Prommares make a better version of pad see ew.  The mint chicken is a dish of minced chicken, and soy/oyster sauce.  It was perfectly spiced, and very yummy.  It was also just a tad bit greasy, but the flavor made this fact very forgiving.  With a side of white rice, the flavor of this dish flowed very well with the other things we ordered.The "sweetened" green curry with fish balls scared me at first.  I was afraid it would be too sweet.  However, the waitress promised me that it wasn't too sweet after she realized that isn't what I look for in curry.  To my astonishment, the curry here was really good.  The fish balls and bamboo were really nicely prepared, and the taste was very well balanced between sweet coconut, spice, and curry.  I actually loved it.  it is so hard to find a good curry, especially green curry, in Las Vegas, and Kung Fu pulls it off.We will definitely be coming here again.  The food is generally a little bit greasy, but I am so impressed with the taste of this Thai food that this place is easily going on my list of Best Thai in Vegas... and it is going above TSNH!
4	Today we tried the tom kha gai (chicken), the panang with beef, and the Rad Na with pork.  I have to say that the consistently good Thai dishes are enough for me to say that this is now my second favorite Thai restaurant!  Oh, and the Thai iced tea here is really, really good.  Perhaps the best I have had!  Very original taste, and just the right level of sweetness.The tom kha chicken was excellent.  I think it beats even the versions at Komol and Prommares, and gets close to Thai Grill.  Thai Grill's broth is fuller and more sour, but what is great about the tom kha gai at Kung Fu is the super tender chicken chunks.  They must slow cook the chicken somehow, because it simply melts in your mouth.  It was amazing.  If only I could have this chicken in the Thai Grill broth!  The panang with beef was good too.  There was a definite peanut flavor in the first bite or two, but that flavor quickly blended away as I kept eating.  I added chili powder to the curry to balance the slight sweetness.  The pairing of the chili powder taste and the curry was simply perfection.  I wouldn't say that the panang is especially unique in style, but for the style that it is, it is nearly as good as the panang at Komol (which is the best dish I have had at Komol).  The beef was also very well prepared and tender.  As you read on you will see that meat is one of the things that Kung Fu does exceptionally well.On to the Rad Na! The Rad Na here was one of the few versions that I actually would order alone, and when you can order Rad Na by itself, it must be damn good!  Prommares still makes the best Rad Na in town, but this is a close tie for me with Thai Grill for second.  The noodles were fresh, and the sauce was lightly sweet, and flavorful.  There was lots of bright green, thick Chinese broccoli stems and leaves.  Very fresh and very good.  The pork, again, was incredibly tender.  Very high quality meats here at Kung Fu. Kung Fu's Thai food is very strong, and authentic.  Every time I come here, there are large families/groups of Thai people eating.  People who don't know Thai food might not realize what they are eating, and I believe that the negative reviews here are a reflection of this.  I can tell you though, if you are a Thai food lover like I am, this place makes some fine Thai food.  On the other hand, the food here is a bit heavier than the food at Thai Grill (and probably TSNH), and not as original as the recipes at my favorite Thai restaurant.  I think Thai Grill is uniquely healthy compared to Kung Fu (and most other Thai restaurants).  Between these two restaurants though, I can thoroughly satisfy my craving for Thai food.  I can't wait to try more Thai dishes at Kung Fu Thai and Chinese, especially the desserts.  Update: Losing a star for a couple of reasons.  I like the curry here, however it still doesn't have the unique flavor that I am looking for.  It is well done, but a little bit generic in style.  Secondly, the Thai menu is dwarfed by the Chinese menu.  I understand that this is where Kung Fu probably gets most of its business, but this means that Kung Fu can't offer as many Thai dishes as it should.  I find myself not wanting to go back because there is nothing new to try.  Disclaimer: this review and the prior one are for the Thai food only.
2	The food here is mediocre, but it is pretty cheap. I've gone here about three times and from what I can remember I've had pad thai, tom yum soup, chow mein, a chicken dish, a duck dish, and a beef dish. All of the dishes were satisfactory, nothing more. The staff isn't very friendly. I have never being greeted here, or given a nice goodbye. It's a nice place to go if you want a lot of food for a low price and aren't too concerned about service.*You can also view the comment that was left on this review to get a further understanding of the people that work there:-Only I would know how many times I've gone to this restaurant, so for this person to say, " I'm sure you've been here more, you just forgot a few other times we were together," is just a little absurd. And after asking my boyfriend, it turns out I've only gone here TWO times.   -"You'll probably have to get use to having great tasting Thai and Chinese food." Excuse me? I'll probably have to GET USE TO having this stuff? As if I haven't gone to other Thai and Chinese restaurants before. I didn't even mention the fact that it was Chinese and Thai in my review, so i don't see what that has to do with anything. -"see for yourself. The Tourism Authority of Thailand delegates to the DEMA show dined with us three out of the four days they were here in Vegas." Umm, is that suppose to mean something to me? Showing me some link isn't going to change my taste buds. I gave this restaurant two stars for a reason. The food is mediocre and the service is lacking, but that doesn't mean I hated it.  I've left far worse reviews at other places.
4	Food a solid 4 stars, leaning higher.  Excellent tom yum seafood, fried chicken wings, and a plethora of vegetarian entrees with great variety.  Service a bit slack, and DANGER! the bar is *terrible* (we were served a watery margarita and an undrinkable bloody mary) so stick to bottled beer!
4	I've gotten only to-go once so we wanted to come back and have a dine in experiencePork pad see ew ($ 7.95) was noms. I think theirs is probably my favorite so far in Vegas. Right amount of soy and sweet, Chinese brocoli is soft enough to bite but still has some crunch, pork was soft and juicy. After having a Pad See Ew fail at Marnee, we really wanted to redeem a good dish somewhere else to meet the BFs pad se ew craving. I've been sick and one thing that makes me feel better is spicy or sour soups so I got Tom Yum chicken ($.9.25). We got no spice since the BF can't have spicy and I added some flakes. It was sour, but not  too much and the portion was very generous. I like that they serve it with a side of rice since that's how I tend to eat it. We Filipinos do a similar soup called sinegang and we eat rice in it so if I can't make sinegang I go and order Tom Yum somewhere. The ambiance is interesting with all the beautiful Thai wood carvings. The staff was friendly and service was good. A lady came to chat with us who I presume is one of the owners. Overall, I think the place is good and can see why some of my Yelp friends come here. Will be coming back again.
2	After reading the good reviews I decided to give it a try.  Nice ornament and decoration... that is the only thing I like about this place.  I ordered from the Thai side of the menu, but very very plain, so plain that I don't even remember what I ordered.
4	Mom and grandma in law decided that Thai food was what they wanted for Christmas day dinner. I called to see if Kung Fu was open while a lot of the places on my favorites list was closed so the BF and I brought them here to celebrate the holiday.So we order:Pad See Ew Pork ($7.95)- we know it's good here and something that my in laws would like. They are willing to try things, but we know the flavors they like and a lot of the more intense dishes won't go over so well. Pad Se Ew is a crowd pleaser dish. Panang Chicken ($8.50)- has zucchini with it. The sauce is good, but not quite what I was expecting. It has a strong peanutty quality to it. MIL and GIL liked it a lot though. It's rich so I don't see myself eating a lot of this or getting really fond of it. This is a good one for people who love the peanut sauce that comes with satay. Mongolian Beef ($9.25)- grandma really likes this so we ordered for her. It was a pleasant surprise. I normally do not order/like this dish too much but the sauce was nice on it. This is that Thai-Chinese style with veggies like bellpepper and carrots which I like better, not just green onions and onions that most Chinese places would do it. Laarb Pork ($8.50)- very nice balance in the dish of the sweet, sour, salty, spicy (the 4 elements of Thai flavor layering). The BF thought it was good, in laws not so much but I think for some people the tangy is an acquired taste and something they are not used to. I ate almost the whole dish myself. Service is friendly, but there was some hangups. We got our drinks just fine and then we got mongolian beef and rice, then the panang and pad se ew came. I figured they were behind on the larb and will bring it but then it didn't show and people were already starting to get full. No one has checked on us for a while so I flagged someone down to ask what happened to the larb. By the time it came everyone was done eating so they all just took a taste. I finished it because it was the dish I ordered and waited for so I didn't eat as much as them so I can still have what I wanted. On a random note, the hump at the door is a little high for a wheelchair to go in so you might want to ask for help if you aren't in a group. We had grandma stand up so we dont spill her off and coming out I went in the front in case it makes her fall forward. Just an FYI for those with elderly.  With the hitches of not checking on us and forgetting our order I normally bump down, but the family enjoyed their Christmas dinner very much and when the in laws are happy, we're happy. For that, the positive 4 stars stays.
4	We went to Kung Fu Thai & Chinese Restaurant twice on our Vegas trip.  It's in Chinatown - the strip mall called "The Center at Spring Mtn".Typical Thai food & then in the back is the Chinese menu.  Pretty tasty stuff & huge portions.We got:pad thai chicken- tasty, & the chicken wasn't dry.  Green curry chicken w/ zucchini - we liked it & spicy level 8!! Yippee, made my nose run.Peanut curry w/ chicken - not that good, chicken was fine, just wanted more sauce.Tom Ka Chicken soup - get the pot, it's huge.  Tasty chicken.papaya salad veggie - just average.Huge pot of steamed rice comes w/ the curry.Pad say ew veggie - not my favorite. Veggie & chinese broccoli, & tofu.  Comes w/ bean sprouts which I don't like.On Choy - huge portions of leafy greens stirfried w/ garlic - loved it.Each time was about $30 for 2.  There was a huge tour that come the 2nd time we were there while we were finishing up.  They didn't arrange w/ the restaurant & people had to wait forever for a table.  Bad planning on the tour guide.  Felt sorry for everyone.Go try it!
1	I write this review having only ever had their food delivered...maybe the experience is far different should you dine in.We had delivery for the third time the other evening and it will be my last. It took three different pieces of sweet and sour chicken to find the chicken! Sesame chicken was not trimmed correctly so small bones/tissue completely ruined it. Thai soup only so-so and the fried rice barley passable. Other dishes in the past have also fallen short.Thai food for delivery not worth it with so many other options in town and Chinese food consistently below par. Really wanted to like this place as the are reasonably priced and delivery is always quick but alas I cannot.Sorry Kung Fu Plaza.
4	I was tired of the pages and pages of pizzeria and sub fliers when a talk with the front desk lead me to carouse the menu of Kung Fu Thai & Chinese. Relieved to get something that's a little closer to home, we ordered extra to keep in the fridge for leftovers in our hotel room.Combo pad thai was good, on the average side, medium or so portion. I would've liked to have the option of making it spicy when ordering over the phone.Combo chop suey: The sauce and amount was great. If the ingredients marinated in the sauce a bit more, it would've been better, but with a little hot sauce it was awesome.Mongolian beef was also good with a darker sauce and fried wonton chips sauteed with bell peppers and onions.Wor Wonton Soup: Probably one of the best won ton soups I've had that wasn't home made. Light, and chock full of veggies and pork and mushrooms. Yum!One other thing...Jumbo Thai Iced Tea: Picture a Big Gulp sized Iced Tea. @_@Overall, good quality food at awesome quantity for an amazing price.
4	Taken to-go a few times since it's something we pass going home from work and it's pretty decent. Grandma has been asking and asking for an opportunity to come back for her mongolian beef.Mom wanted panang chicken and I decided today that I don't like it. It's okay, but it's not panang; it's peanut butter sauce on chicken and zucchini. Bf didn't eat much, I took a bite, friend took a bite, Grandma didn't eat much of it...only Mom who requested it did.  It was much more peanut than the last visit and it just wasn't what I want. Pad Thai was pretty good here. Green curry was good though it's the sweeter style of green curry which I know some people don't like but it's a well done version of sweet green curry which the BF loved. Mint &chili chopped chicken is good, but I'm used to it with bellpepper which I prefer over just chicken and spices. As much as we've been frequenting because of special request and to-go convenience, I can't quite give it a 5 (even though the owner Allen thinks I should and the boyfriend and grandma and mom think so- it's still MY review). I already named 2 things I discovered I don't like on this visit so I think it's fair. Overall, I think the place is good but only going through more of the large menu can tell me if there's more hits than miss and see what will become favorites.
4	Awesome $6.00 lunch specials. I was a little disappointed when I found there was no garlic and papper chicken but was quickly amazed at how delicious the chopped chicken was. They give you a lot of food so you won't leave hungry!!
4	The food was well prepared and fresh. Service was slow enough that it almost cost them a star.
5	This place is great! My boyfriend had just recently come back from a trip to Asia, so he was craving some thai food one night. We decided we would order from here, after reading some reviews. We ordered the pad thai, fried rice, and the BBQ pork soup. We were initially impressed because we live about 20-30 minutes from this place (depending on the traffic) and they delivered with no problem! When the food came, we were even more impressed. The rice, soup, and pad thai were delicious and came in very generous portions. The BBQ pork soup was available at any spiciness you desired, on a scale of 1-10. We love spicy food, but we were nervous to go too spicy, so we ordered a 4. Well.... a 4 is HOT, very very HOT... but delicious! the flavor was great, but I would definitely recommend not going too high with the spiciness!
5	One of our favorite places to eat in Las Vegas, hands down. It's bit of a drive from where we live, but worth the trip every time. I haven't ordered a dish here that I didn't like. The menu is massive and little overwhelming if you don't know what you want to eat. They offer both Chinese and Thai dishes. My husband and I always have a dilemma when ordering because we want to try new things but also want to order the dishes we love. Hubby always orders way too much food to insure he gets a great lunch the next day.Recommended dishes: Pa-nang Chicken- thick curry with coconut milkTom Kha Chicken - Lemongrass soup with coconut milkPad See Ew - Wide rice noodles in a garlic sauceMongolian Beef- you all know what this is...
4	If I don't review this place now, I will never be able to find it again.  Rolled in with 10 girls and had a feast! Amazing food all around. The noodle dishes like pad kee mow were on the oily side, but since we needed to soak up the weekend's alcohol intake, it was probably just the right amount of grease.Everything that was medium spicy, like tom yum soup, and beef salad, was SUPER spicy. And everything we asked for spicy was beyond ridiculously mouth burning. Not so good for the girls who couldn't handle the heat, but the yummy Thai iced tea helped temper the fire.The won ton soup noodles had all of 3 won tons in it. The rest of the bowl was barbeque pork, cha siu. We sent it back at first, thinking they had mistakingly given us a barbeque noodle bowl, but they came back and said it was correct. Well alright. So don't order won ton noodle soup if you're really craving won tons. This isn't the place.But it IS the place for curry! The green curry was ah-mazing. I think that was my favorite dish of them all.
4	This restaurant was recommended by a Vietnamese gal who worked in a nail salon...we wanted Chinese food so we tried it.  The food was great, service very good and a very ethnic feel to it...many Asians eating there so we felt that was a good recommendation too.  It was great and we'll go back.
4	My friends and i always come here on our trips to vegas. It's almost a tradition. You can get great food at decent prices.  We don't like to eat all our meals by the strip.  It gets way too pricey.  We usually order the chop chicken with basil and the crispy pork. It's very similar to stuff i can find in LA if i want a taste of home, but different enough that i still find it special.
1	ok...this is my second time trying this place because i had to give it the benefit of the doubt....I only proved my point the second time around....the food is overcooked and extremely dry.Both times I had the mongolian beef lunch special....now i'm no master chef but believe me i had to drink about a gallon and a half of water just to swallow this food....very very dry meat that obviously was overcooked.even my co workers said the same about their dishes...definitely will not eat from there again....i know we live in the desert here but at least make the food moist.
4	Ordered from this place based on recommendation from the front desk at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club. Delivery charge was only $4.00 which beats taking a cab ride to and from the hotel.  We looked at the website and ordered most of the favorites.  We liked the Tom Kha soup, Fried Chicken WIngs and the Chicken Chowmein.  They all tasted good and authentic. We didn't care for the Wonton soup, Mongolian Beef, Eggrolls or Pad Thai.  The Pad Thai was very average and noodles were clumped up together. The Steamed Vegatables with dipping sauce was ok and there was about 8 different vegetables in it.  I would definitely order from here again picking the right dishes.
3	This place is located right in the heart of Chinatown.  They offer both eat in and delivery.  I don't live in their delivery area anymore, and I'll still drive down to get their food about once every other month.  I would have rated them higher than a 3 b/c the food is great, but I only like to order a few things off of their menu...and they have a lot of options.  B/c of some of the meals I've had and not enjoyed, I marked them only a 3 star place.  Also, the restaurant isn't the cleanest and the decor is old.I will say though that their Beef and Broccoli is very good, as well as their Chopped Chix Soup and their Hot N Sour Soup.  They offer a Thai and Chinese menu there, and we always tend to order from the Chinese side of the menu.  They have a really good hot sauce there so make sure to ask for that.  It's fantastic in the Chopped Chicken Soup!
1	My husband and I were really were looking forward to a good meal in Chinatown.  We came upon Kung Fu Thai & Chinese and checked it's rating in Yelp.  We entered the establishment, 2 of us, and there was a party of 3 behind us.  The waiter said to us, "Take that table there."  He pointed to a table by the wall, and I asked if that was the table he meant.  Yes!  He proceeded to seat the party of 3 while we seated ourselves, and he then brought us menus and took our drink order.The menu is quite extensive, but we decided on appetizers of crab rangoon, bbq pork egg foo young, and Thai beef w/vegetables.  The table had been previously set with lunch size plates.  The waiter brought the appetizer, set it down and left.  We mixed the sweet & sour sauce with the mustard sauce on our plates and ate the crab rangoon.  It was just ok, but my husband removed half of the filling because it really was way too much in the won ton.  This extra filling he put on his plate.  We now have lunch plates with sauce and filling sitting in front of us.The waiter returned with our food and just sat it on the table and left.  Not a word, no eye contact.  We looked at each other and said, OK, and proceeded to place our food and rice on the dirty plates.  Every wait staff in the place refused to give us any type of eye contact or acknowledge us.  My husband finally said, "Do you get the feeling we are not wanted here?"  "OMG, Yes!" I said.  It was so uncomfortable in there.  No one ever came over to see if we needed anything or to refill our tea.To say the least, this was the worst Chinese and Thai food we have EVER had!  The egg foo young was so bland and almost had a water taste to it.  The brown gravy on was in was tasteless.  I actually added table salt to my beef and veggies in order to try and liven it up a bit.  We wanted some soy sauce, but do you think any person would even look at us?  NO!BUT, when it came time for us to leave all of a sudden we had all the smiles and help we needed.  Someone actually refilled our tea!  And, everybody was trying to wish a good evening, etc.  Guess the thought of a tip was overpowering to them.  Surprise!  The tip was $3, which was way too much!My thoughts?  Stay away from this place as I am sure there are some fabulous places in Las Vegas for Thai and Chinese food!
4	There was a little mom and pop Thai restaurant in my hometown of Houston that had the absolute best Pad Thai Chicken. They closed a couple of years ago and I have been on the hunt ever since for that same experience. I have found it here! And when I ask for extra spicy they never disappoint. A good compliment is the Hot and Sour Tofu soup. I have tried a couple of other dishes as has my wife and they are all good. A must if you love Thai food.
3	The Thai dishes are good but the Chinese dishes are average.
3	Staying at the LV Hilton Grand, there isn't much here...albeit a Deli with "Deli Prices".  You get the idea....After having Italian delivered for the past 2 nights, I was ready for a change.  Kung Fu offers Chinese and Thai.  Their menu is very  substantial.  Their service is quick and efficient (including delivery / driver and phone).  I ordered Penang Beef and Spring Rolls.  Penang Beef comes with Jasmine steamed rice, lovely.  I was really surprised to see so much Zucchini in my Penang Beef though.  My first serving, I had 2 small strips of beef, and the rest Zucchini.  Second serving yielded more beef, but not much.  I think the dish SHOULD have been called, "Zucchini Penang with Beef".  I very much enjoyed the dish, and the Spring Rolls though.I do love Thai and have enjoyed many Penang dishes in the Bay Area.  The spices were perfect (although I was questioned when I said I wanted a "7" on a scale of 1-10 for spice).  It is spicy, but not too spicy.  Kudos to Kung Fu for their service.  I would rather have excellent customer service than amazing, knock-me-down food with crappy service.  Their food was good...and service excellent.  In this city, that's great!
5	This is a Thai and Chinese Restaurant, but I never order Chinese food here because I'm Chinese and well, I just don't want to be disappointed.  Their Thai food is excellent though!  I always order the same three dishes:  the fried chicken wings, the pork salad, and the mint chicken.  So if you want really really good food, order these three items!The fried chicken wings have almost never failed me, except maybe once or twice in 5 years.  I love how crunchy it is on the outside and how moist it is in the inside.  They don't seem to put much spices or salt on it, and it's just delicious the way it is.  The pork salad is also really good, and it's kind of sour, sweet, and savory.  The mint chicken is also to die for.  There's just something about it that is better than any other versions of mint/basil chicken I have ever had at Thai restaurants.  Give me some of that with the jasmine rice and I'm good to go.Their service is not always the best, but servers are always polite and fast.  I've never had a problem with a long wait.  Of all Thai places I've tried, this is still my favorite!  Maybe because I LOVE me some good crunchy and crispy chicken wings and this is as good as it gets!
5	Love it! my fav is the Thai beef salad.......yum. Anything you order is delish.
5	I have to say this is my favorite Chinese food spot in Vegas. I always order the sweet and sour shrimp with my meal and it is always fantastic. The last time I went, I went with my son. He ordered the whole fried catfish and you should of seen when the waiter sat it down in front of him. He almost jumped out his skin. But kids aside, ordering whole catfish when they don't know what to expect and aren't listening to the adults tell them it is a whole catfish the food is always great and the service matches it. Oh, the catfish was fantastic with the chili sauce being delightfully unique.
5	This place has some really good Thai and Chinese food for the price of the entrees. They give good portions and it tastes really good. Their food can be comparable to Thai BBQ but their food in my opinion has a better taste in some entrees. The only flaw I could find is that the over usage of oil, but what restaurant doesn't do that?
4	I was here a few days ago and I shared five dishes, and only one of the dishes disappointed me.  It was the "orange chicken".  The orange chicken was heavily battered and there was very little orange glaze on it.  So if I were you, I would avoid the orange chicken at all costs!
1	Good food, terrible service. The food was good and in reasonable portions but I hardly ever saw my waiter. It wasn't that they were busy; there were two large tables that were all Asian that got seen constantly without any trouble. After they took my plate away I waited 15min for my check, in that time both tables entered, got seated and ordered their food by the same waiter. It was the first time I've ever not left a tip because I was genuinely offended at their service. Quality wise I'd order take out next time but on principle I'll never give them business again.
4	Hungry, fresh from the pool party, CRAAAAAVING?..It time for some Kung Fuuuuuuuuuuu Thai baby!The Tom Yum soup...Yes indeed, its the bomb! The Beef soup is...Yes, thats the bomb too...Hold on...The Pad Thai...THE BOMB!The food is awesome at this place. The service is even better because not only do they make sure your taken care of, they make surrrre your taken care of. Friendly is one of the best ways to describe these guys. Since it was the four of us, we all tried different dishes, and yes, each on was good, from the garlic chicken to the Pad Thai, to the Beef soup to the Tom Yum soup. It was sooo filling, that there was no room for dessert.Of course, you have to wash it down with some old fashion Thai Tea!
4	After a busy week in Vegas, and simply not feeling great, I decided to order for delivery, and I am glad I did. I ordered the Chicken Satae and the Chicken, Garlic and Pepper, and both were very good. I had lunch in China Town yesterday and was very disappointed. It turns out I just went to the wrong place. I will definitely come back to this place the very next time I'm in Vegas. Delivery time was prompt too.
3	Met some friends for dinner. By the time I had got there, they had already ordered dinner. It was no more than maybe five minutes and the first dish was already coming out. We started with the Seafood Tom Yum Soup. The light tangy soup was not a hit with everyone. The broth was filled with mussels, shrimp, squid, fish filet, and mushrooms. From that point on, the food came out in rapid secession. The Combination Pad Thai was lacking flavor compared to the Pork Pad See Ew. Now that we have eaten every animal on land and sea we got an order of Sauteed Chinese Broccoli. The service is quick and attentive, Our water glasses were always full and dirty dishes were taken away quickly. The food is a safe bet. Another reason why we are always back here.
4	This place is pretty freaking good.Totally took me by surprise.I came for dinner and I will usually order pad see ew but since I was with a large group we decided to eat family style.Lucky me!We ordered:Beef sate'Tom yum goongTom kaa chickenMint chickenPork plik kingCurry catfish of some sortRed beef curryI was very impressed with all the above dishes.In fact I came back the next day just to try the pad see ew, and that was also very good.Well balanced flavors with just enough kick for this westerner to get a good idea of what they are working with.The Thai iced tea was also prepared very well and had way too much milk just the way I like it.The only thing that was lacking was the interior was a bit dated.But im not here to eat the painting on the wall.Also the service was not as attentive as I would have liked.We had to wave down the waiter numerous times.And lastly the food is a bit more expensive than I expected. But the food is very good.Kung fu may not sound like an authentic Thai food restaurant but damn the food is pretty good.So ignore the name and concentrate on the food.Positive note for next time: Looks like they have a full bar.Food: AService: CPrice: BOverall: Solid B+Now go eat and be merry!!!
4	This place is the best Thai/Chinese food place on Valley View Rd! We went here with a group and could not believe how extensive the menu was. We each ordered a plate and shared it. There was even plenty enough to share with even more people. The service was great and attentive. They even have a bar inside. This place is open until 1am.
4	Good thai food...I enjoyed it.
5	I love this place. You know why? The BEST service and the most friendly and attentive staff- period.  Genuine, kind individuals working here and I adore them all. Food always comes out quick, so you're never waiting a year for your food to come and never will you have an empty glass. Just doesn't happen here.I will admit that I generically order the same 4 things (with other new dishes) every time I come to Kung Fu:1. Mongolian Beef - NOTHING...and I mean NOTHING- tops their MB.2. Tom Yum Soup with Tofu - I cry because San Francisco doesn't know how to make it like Vegas does. I have tried numerous Thai restaurants in SF and gave up because they all use some kind of tomato tasting broth that totally turns my taste buds off. It was heartbreaking when I moved away from LV. Kung Fu knows exactly how to make my spicy and sour broth!! (Try Komals if you want the very best Tom Yum in LV)3. Orange Chicken - Very strong flavored orange glaze over crispy chicken. YUM!!!4. Thai Vegetable Fried Rice with egg - love it!While visually its not the greatest looking restaurant, don't mind that because what's looks got to do with it?!?Service always weighs heavily on my mind when forming opinions about restaurants, business etc. that I go to, and I can't emphasize enough that the staff here just gets is right- 100% of the time...for me anyways, but maybe the just like me ;)
4	Have some late night in Las Vegas yesterday.  Just a wonderful staff and excellent tasty dishes.  I ordered Beef fried rice, chow fun, tom yum, and other side dishes.  Would definitely come back here.
3	I'm Thai & I have no idea what Kung Fu has to do with Thai. Kung Fu is clearly Chinese so as for the name of the restaurant it should be Thai & Kung Fu Chinese Restaurant. Thai Food: 3/5 It was okay not much to rage about. I ordered a yellow chicken curry. Usually curry comes in a semi-thick sauce but they was plan soupy. The rice we ordered for our curry ended up being over cooked and dry. Even though the curry sauce wasn't as thick as I'm used to it was still delicious. Not as spicy as I wanted it but It was an "Americanized 10" not Thai 10 on the scale of spicy. Chinese Food: 2/5  I'm not much of a Chinese food eater because I've noticed a lot of Chinese dishes are super oil and greasy. BUT We ordered some kind of stir fried Mongolian Beef dish. It was definitely a Chinese dish because the sauce was oily you could see the oil bubbles. Service: 3/5 The service was good even during busy hours. The place was a bit of mess though. There was rice and pea's ever where, but I just brushed it off because there were children running around. This place seems family ordinate but it was also loud.
3	Generally, this place is decent. My family and I have been coming here for years. Everything is relatively consistent, which we like. The staff is very nice. This may be super biased because, like I said, we've been coming here for years. They recognize us and my mom knows some of them personally. This is literally my moms go-to Thai restaurant whenever she doesn't feel like cooking. The only reason it has 3-stars is because I believe the sanitation is questionable. They're not too big on upkeeping while the restaurant is going. This is not appealing for any guest. Like I said, not bad though.
5	The food here is really great... if you like authentic Thai food!!!  Suggestions include... Mint Chicken (Chopped Chicken Chili Mint), Shrimp Pad Thai, Tom Kha Ghai Soup, Beef Satay.
1	Third time I've gotten sick after eating here....never again!
5	Unbelievably fantastic thai food at a very reasonable price! I had the Mongollian Beef at the heat level of five (they ask you what heat level you want your food from 1-10) and it was simply PERFECT! Great service too. Suggestion on how to get there if you're staying on the strip: Take the free shuttle from either Harrahs or Ballys to Rio and then walk about a quarter of a mile up valley view rd. to Kung Fu. Believe me, its worth the walk. Delish!
4	We came here after the Thai restaurant we were planning to go to didn't open for a half hour beyond their published time.  That's what's so good about living in a city where there are hundreds of choices.I ordered the Green curry with pork--spice level 7 out of 10--and my wife got the Garlic pepper chicken.  We have to remember to tell Asian and Mexican restaurants to leave off the cilantro.  She's one of those strange creatures who doesn't like cilantro.Both dishes were very good and the spice level of 7 was great!  Perhaps I could have pushed it higher, but this had a good zing and only a few small tears showed themselves.We ended the meal each having a scoop of ice cream.  I had the mango and Andrea had the coconut.  Mine was very creamy and tasty and hers was, too--I finished hers.  Win- win!Service was just wonderful.  A couple of people took our order, delivered food, brought iced tea refills.  It was a team effort.  That earned them the 4th star.
3	Pretty good Thai food here.  I love Tofu but probably not order the tofu satay again, very little flavor.  The other things that we ordered were pretty good.  It felt pretty authentic.  The wait staff was not very friendly but the food arrived hot and fresh and that is good enough for me.
5	We are visiting friends from NYC and just finished eating  our Kung fu order.  I just want to make sure you know that this was the best thai food we have ever had.  The service was extraordinary and the food was something special. Absolutely loved it.
1	Not so much any more...just lost
3	Very decent Chinese buffet.Kung Fu gets praise as a decent and affordable Chinese food buffet offering.There really isn't anything that was truly amazing here but in this place's defense, everything was consistently good.  Not amazing, just good.A lot of solid expected sightings like lo mein noodles, sweet and sour pork, kung pao chicken, & eggrolls.Again, nothing that I had was amazing but I was very pleased with the more than acceptable quality of the items available.  Nothing seemed to be sitting for long periods of time and all of the foods were being served at the appropriate temperature.Overall: Decent offering of Chinese buffet food at affordable prices.  Great place to stuff your face full of okay food.  Thumbs up for not making me feel like puking afterwards as most low end Chinese buffets do.
4	Always quick to serve good, tasting affordable lunches !
2	we tried their chicken pad thai to-go for 8.60.- fast service. we order right when we got there and it took about 10m for us to get the food.- good to-go portion. nice to-go plates and utensils. - taste like "fast-food" pad-thai. i'm not thai, but the noodles are wrong. ruins the essence of pad thai. thin, short, viet style noodle in pho? horrible.
4	chicken pad thai was delicious combination fried rice was yummy but a little oilyfried chicken wings was really crunchy but there was too much batter and it didn't really have a taste...you're supposed to use the dip but I didn't like it because it was too sweetsquid salad was so good, but a little spicy for a 7/10 spicy ratingtofu vegetarian curry was not good, it wasn't very flavorfulmango sticky rice was the best I've ever hadstir fry lo mein noodles with seafood was yummy --overall, if you're in the mood for greasy Thai food, this is awesome for $10-$15 a plate
3	We were a party of 6 and having just been to Chinatown in SF, I was disappointed.  The service was just about as bad as it gets - with items coming out and varied times and some of the dishes were downright skimpy.  It wasn't bad or great - was just okay.
5	OMG.... awesome food and cheap prices. Worth the trip from the Strip. We ate there three times in a row for dinner, yup, three on our honeymoon. We had different food every night, and everything that we had was delicious. The tofu appetizer was the only thing that we ordered twice. The people there were friendly and the service was fast even when they were busy, and it has a really homey feel to it that makes you comfortable. If I were a local, I would eat there again and again.
5	My family loves the Tom Yum soup ( hot )....
3	I have been here 2x in the last year. When I come to Vegas, I ALWAYS need to eat noodle soup a few times. You will find me in China town once a day during my visits. MY favorite is the beef ball noodle soup. I got this both times visiting here, and i'm always shocked to see the tiny bowl of soup that comes out. This little bowl is nothing like what you see in the Bay area in California. But for Las Vegas, I suppose this will do.The first time I was still hungry when we left, but this time, We all ordered the crab papaya salad as well. With this and my noodle soup, I left happy and content. The soup was a little on the sweet side which I am not accustomed to or favor.I ordered my soup without bean sprouts, and it came with bean sprouts , I also asked for extra cilantro and they didn't give me any..If you are not sure what you are craving.. you will definitely get lost in this menu. This thing is like 10 pages long, ranging from Thai curries, to soups to Chinese fried rices and more dishes!Come prepared with an idea of what you want..I'll probably try some more Thai places in the area next time I'm in town before coming back.
4	This place was recommended to me by a great friend. I am not one to choose Asian food for a meal.  I've tried different Chinese & Thai food restaurants, but I leave un satisfied and not very impressed!Kung Ku has yet to disappointment me! The food is very flavorful and I have yet to not like something I've ordered.  The food is served family style and the prices are reasonable!  You won't find yourself waiting long either because the food comes out fast!    If you're in the area, give it try!
2	Don't ever try their wonton noodles , it tasted exactly like the instant wonton noodles except that it was worse.
2	Not sure what those who gave this place more stars ate but their food was way below mediocre. I tried the Pad Thai and Garlic Chicken with rice and didnt like either. Both lacked flavor and tasted like Rubber. Not sure what the environment in there is like as i ordered in. Definitely not ordering/going there again.
4	The food was extremely decent for the price.   We ordered numerous dishes and everyone seemed to enjoy them.
4	Definitly enjoy the pad-thai, very delicious food.
5	A great place for lunch if you have a couple of hours to spare. This restaurant offers the best lunch specials for $5.99 which includes soup, a chicken wing and egg roll, rice and your entree...what else can you ask for? The staff is very friendly and are always keeping an eye on your table to make sure your glass is always full and your table is cleared of dirty dishes.You can also try this place for dinner as they have quite an extensive Chinese and Thai food menu. However, if want to order off the regular menu, please make sure you bring someone with you because all the dishes are big enough to share.
4	GREAT lunch specials $6.50 i think it is. Pretty Tasty. Good Portions. Friendly Staff. and always QUICK!!!
5	Very good food, very friendly staff!Definitely we will come back!
4	Kung Fu Thai was a little hard for me to find because it's tucked on the side of a shopping center. I thought there would be parking on the side . It is best to just park in the front of the shopping center and walk to the restaurant. We were seated right away which was nice. I ordered Drunken Noodles it's called something else here. I just can't remember what they called it! I'm glad the waiter knew what I was talking about! It was delicious!   My brother had the Sweet and Sour Pork ($8.75). You could tell that this was made fresh because it wasn't Chewy and soft. It was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. We also ordered a side of egg rolls for ($6.95) . I liked that the rolls had clear noodles in it because I don't see that often. The service was also prompt and friendly. We didn't have to look for anyone because they constantly checked on us. This was an awesome eating experience!
3	This is a review of their take-out service; I'm sure the experience is different in the restaurant itself. Also, I'm not entirely sure if the take-out menu has all the items that are in the in-house menu. I have never been to the restaurant itself. Decided to try the take-out menu because one of us was feeling sick and was not up to going to the casinos for a meal. We were staying at a timeshare near the strip that did not have room service.First, I tried ordering online because they have a convenient online ordering system through their website at kungfuplaza.com. The ordering system was very well organized, with pictures of the food you're ordering. However, after putting in my order, the final page indicated that the delivery address was my credit card's billing address which is in another state and not the hotel that I was staying in. I cancelled the order and called in the order instead. The woman who took the order had a strong accent, but she got my order right. The woman asked for spiciness level on a scale of 1 to 10, with one being really spicy. I was quite tickled by this method. Food arrived exactly an hour later as promised. There is a charge for delivery; I think it was six dollars or thereabouts. If paying by credit card over the phone, the delivery person will ask to see the credit card that you paid with along with a picture id. The dishes were good; nothing spectacular, but sufficient for a take-out. The seafood tom yum had very little seafood but quite tasty. The roast pork noodle was okay. Pad Thai was quite good, and so was the beef larb. Portions were good, neither too little nor too much.  Thai iced-tea was delicious. The restaurant included Styrofoam bowls and plates, and plastic forks, knives, and spoons. They also did not skimp on the paper napkins, fortune cookies, and hot pepper sauce.  All in all, a good take-out experience and I would definitely order take out from them again. For the four dishes, drinks, a side-order of  steamed rice, and delivery charge, dinner was about fifty dollars.
5	Since I discovered the restaurant (2 years now)  I ate there or ordered to-go at least once a week. Most of the guys basically know me by my name already. If you like soups, you should try the Tom-Yum Soup, though I never go higher than number 3-4, I guess at 8 it should be really spicy!For delivery, our whole office loves the Mongolian Beef or Chicken, and also the Chopped Chicken Ya Kee Mao is one of my fav's.The prices are really good, their lunch special comes for $6.50 with one egg roll and one chicken piece.I would recommend it to most of Thai lovers...
4	I am a fan of Pad Thai so every Thai restaurant that I go to, I get this. While I wasn't impressed with the tom yum soup, Kung Fu has a delicious Pad Thai that can beat Lotus of Siam's Pad Thai any day of the week. Get this item here if you love pad thai!!!
4	Been there 3 times. Each time was really good. (Got it to go each time). First time I got pork chow mein. Really enjoyed it. Other two times I got Mongolian beef. You get to choose how spicy you want it from 1-10. First time I got a 5, then I got an 8 the second time. Going back to 5! Planning on going back!
5	Delicious food, great service and would definitely recommend the Mongolian Beef and Egg Fu Beef! Got pick-up and everything was project!!
5	Great place. Thai/Chinese cuisine. We stopped going to buffets in Vegas. We do Kung Fu everytime we visit. Fried calamari, Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce, pad thai, fried chicken wings are a must. Still haven't gone through the whole menu.
1	Service was bad, and one of the dishes, Pineapple Fried Rice, was horrible.  Their Thai BBQ chicken was on the dry side.  The flat noodles, that they use for Pad See Ew, were on the thick thick side.  The Pineapple Fried Rice was just soggy.  It didn't even seem that it was fried because of all the water or stock they added.  It was almost to the verge of porridge territory.I was surprised at the prices too, about $10 a dish, for the quality and quantity they serve (meaning small portion).Their menu is extensive. They specialize in Thai, and Chinese food.I would rather go to the strip and pay and eat Americanized Chinese food.
3	You gotta love the Asian place that has a duel menu, Thai and Chinese. We're here today for Chinese.  The place isn't very busy, almost a bit concerning, perhaps a warning?  We came in anyway.After looking over the menu, we picked out a soup, a noodle dish and a few more Chinese dishes.  The food took some time, which was kinda weird since they weren't very busy!  When the food started coming out, it was one at a time, we generally enjoy family style, with a little bit of each on our plates, but the food was so slow, we had time to eat one at a time. The food as good, very good flavor and we weren't disappointed, but the service wasn't what we're used too!
5	I love this place! My dad and I used to eat here every week when we lived on that side of town. We'd get the Kung Pao Shrimp and pork pot stickers, they are absolutely delicious. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and friendly as well. I also recommend their soups. Whenever I get a bad cold in the winter I always go here and get a big bowl of their soup, it always hits the spot. If you love Chinese food in a friendly environment, come here!
4	This is a nice restaurant. My family always come here for Thai food whenever we are in vegas. From all the times we have came here, this place is amazing. Its Thai food is very similar to actual Thai food. I can't comment on chinese food though.My only complaint is that they put one dish down at a time instead of putting down all the dishes at the same time.
4	Finding parking is a freaken pain in the ass in this plaza, but its worth it cause the food here is great! Kung fu has been around in vegas for decades and decades LITERALLY. The service here is great, they alwayse take the time to see if your enjoying your food and filling your glass of water without being ask. The seating is actually pretty quick depending on the time of the day you show up.      We alwayse order yum moo yang( grill pork sald) it is sooooo delicious :) a good blend of sweet and heat. There soy sauce duck is also yummy, especially over hot steamy rice. Every thing that we order here has been delicious so far the only downside I have is parking but what do you expect its CHINATOWN haha.
4	Fast service and food. Decent prices. Ordered the crispy pork and chinese broccoli, fried catfish, beef dish, and tom yum soup. They were all good, standard food.
4	Great food and good service.  The dinning room could use a little TLC. It seems cluttered and disorganized.  If your looking for good food  please give hem a chance. You will not be disappointed at the quality and quantity of food serviced here.
4	I would love to give 5 stars, and if it was based off strictly food and price it would be. Very affordable and very good food. Some of my favorite fried rice in Vegas and hard to put down once you start eating. I haven't sat down to eat here yet but ordered take out a few times.If they are not busy, take out is fairly easy as someone usually sees you walk in and comes to help you. However on busy nights such as this past Monday, I went in to pick up my food and waited about 10 minutes before someone acknowledged me being there. I then waited close to 10 minutes for them to ring me up in the back along with another guy who was there before me while our food sat there bagged up on the table. Food was still very hot when i got home so no issues there, just think they should have a dedicated "host/ess" when you walk in. If you walk in now, it's like whoever is available will come over and seat you or take your order.Seemed like many of the people sitting at the restaurant were frustrated with wait times for food or service as well. Saw one guy get up and go grab the water jug from the server stand since nobody was coming to his table to refill and one table had to grab a server so that they would take the order for the table.Minus the obvious service issues on busy nights, I highly recommend this place for the food! We have enjoyed all dishes we have had and I absolutely love the fried rice.
1	Parking is a complete nightmare... We walked into an almost empty place, and were ignored.After waiting for a human being to acknowledge us,We were then seated at a filthy table. The top was sticky, and there was food all over the seat cushions... We flagged someone down, and they wiped it down.... Half @$$ed, that is. I say this because half of the booth still had food on it,I love my husband, but we were sitting uncomfortably close to avoid sitting in someone else's dinner.Their menu has 600 items...Ridiculous. it looked more like a Harry Potter novel then something that should have food items. Waited forever for a server to get us glasses of water, he dropped them off and then walked away, didn't even ask us if we wanted anything else to drink.Tasted the water and walked out.Won't be back.
4	This was me and my boyfriends first time eating here! I tried Thai food and he stuck to Chinese. I ordered Pork Thai and broccoli (not the actually name) and it was great. The house's sauce was a bit sweet, and it kind of over powered the dish; that's why I give this review a 4/5. There was just too much sauce!Overall, the food was delicious and we'll probably be back! Thank you!
5	Me and my friends call this our last stop before leaving Vegas. The orange chicken and Mongolian beef is my absolute favorites. Best hangover food other than stake and eggs.
3	I don't really have a clear recollection of the good, but I'm guessing it was pretty good, 'cuz I didn't end up throwing any away. The service was decent enough for take-out. As Ashley said, parking is a bitch, but, hey, it's not like Kung Fu built the parking lot.
4	It was a long evening and a few of us were starving! We were very glad that this place has late hours and there were SO MANY items to choose from on the menu. The best part was that the tom ka soup came flaming so it was kept warm while we were eating. Service was fast, portions were huge - the deliciousness went on for another meal!
5	If you're in Vegas for any length of time and you're looking to order in!  I would highly recommend this venue to anyone!  The food is ome of the most consistent that I've ever had and the service is second to none!I've never dined in, but each time that I've ordered takeout it's been nothing less than outstandingenjoy!
3	I have eaten  here several times.  Last time was with a party of eight.  All of were happy .Good - Service is very attentive.  Portions are very large, and we could have shared a few.  Good variety on the menu.  Food is fresh and tasty. Restaurant is clean.Bad - as with every place in this area, parking is difficult.
4	I've lived in the Bay Area for 10 years before I moved here in 1999. While living there I worked for a small Chinese Restuarant  called Jade Palace of Newark. They have great food! Living here nearly 15 years, I have been trying to find good Chinese food. It became a mission. Then one day I walk into this establishment because my business is in the same plaza, I tried with the beef salad. Yes, I know that is Thai but, I loved that they gave more meat, and it was delicious. Then the BBQ pork won ton soup. Yum! Then the egg foo young! A must try. I just wished they would serve POTSTICKERS the Jade Palace served them. I'm still on the hunt for them. Good job Kung Fu Thai  but, that is my to go from here on out.
5	You can't go wrong with their wanton soup, pork  fried rice, seafood chow mein, and Thai BBQ chicken! Well at least, that's according to my friends and I. :)Went here late Friday night after having gone to First Friday at the Arts District. Been craving for some Chinese food so we originally planned of going to this Golden Flower in Henderson, but unfortunately it's closed when we arrived there. Since that was already past 930p, most of the Chinese buffets we know were already closed. So we had this genius idea of going back downtown until we brought ourselves to Chinatown. That was quite a drive I'll say so talk about starving. LolWe basically just acted on impulse and eat wherever our eyes set on first. And this was it! We absolutely liked the food, the restau's ambiance, and its all-cool-and-smiling staff. :)If you're around the area, you must try this dining place out sometime!
1	Nasty made me sick, go somewhere else plenty of good choices here in Las Vegas....BEWARE
5	I'm really picky with a place that mixes Chinese with Thai. Their pad thai doesn't cut it for me, but their Pad See Ew is as legit as the best Thai places. Therefore I like this place. You might have to do some hit or miss tests before you find what suits you.
5	been eating here weekly for several years now. consistently excellent food, friendly and accommodating staff.
5	The garlic chicken is awesome. And the pad Thai is about the best ever.  We checked out the reviews and was do happy we did.
5	I have been coming here for years and it is hands down my favorite Chinese and Thai restaurant in town. Hundreds of items to choose from and anything I've ever ordered has been delicious. Also, quite affordable.
5	This restaurant is a very good choice if your wanting both Chinese and Thai food. Very authentic and the food is delish! Pad Thai noodles are a must try. The decor is old and dated and could use a dusting, but other than that its a great place to eat.
5	Some of the best Thai food in town. Service is friendly, however; does not qualify for speedy. Worth the trip to Chinatown-great Tom Yum!
5	this place has my favorite panang anywhere. The Thai coffee and sticky rice is good too!
4	Always a good bet to come here if you're in the mood for reasonably priced Thai or Chinese food. Everything in the menu is delicious. I really recommend the 'beef jerky'. The place is consistently busy, which is always good sign.
4	Second time here, food came out very fast on a Saturday afternoon lunch time, pretty dang tasty overall, had a Pa-nang curry, pineapple fried rice, Mongolian beef, chicken pad Thai. We ordered everything spicy, yet still wanted more heat! If you like your Thai dishes spicy, order it at an 11 (out of 10). Maybe you'll get lucky and get that heat we missed out on.
4	I love coming here! Been here many times. This is where I come for my Thai/Chinese fix!The restaurant is on the corner of Spring Mountain and Valley View Blvd. You'll find parking in the strip plaza. It does get busy though!It's very nicely decorated inside. There is plenty of seating, the booths are pretty big but if you need something for a larger party then there are plenty of tables to go around.Restrooms are typically ok.There is a full bar but I have never really seen too many people sit there.FREE Wi-Fi.Customer service is usually fast and efficient. The waiters are very friendly and knowledgable when you ask a question about the menu or a dish.The food is to die for! Always fresh and hot when it comes out. My favorite dish is the Mongolian Beef/ Chicken. It's topped with some fried noodles that totally make the dish! My husband likes many of the dishes so he does not have one is particular. We usually get an order of potstickers but they are deep fried and are too crunchy for my tastes.Give this place a try! You will get hooked!
5	I really like this place.When we first moved here, we looked for a Thai place, and we couldn't believe how many were here!And most of them were within a city block of one another.So, naturally, we had to try each one.And, they were all pretty good.But this place was better.The Tom Yum Gai (chicken lemongrass soup) was the best by far.If you get the two-person portion, it's enough for three or four.After the soup, my wife is done, but I get a plate of Thai Bok Choy (Chinese cabbage cooked Thai style).Very fresh and the flavor really shines.The fact that they combine Thai and Chinese foods on their menu, is really smart.I've gone there for lunch, early dinner, late dinner, Christmas Eve, and Christmas day, and they're always almost full, but I've never had to wait for a table.It's a pretty sizable place.I don't drink, but you can't miss the huge bar on the right side of the dining room.Service is good, prices are reasonable.I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!
5	I love this place. The food is amazing. I think this is my third review in two years and I only put one up if a place really impresses or is horrible. I live literally all the way across town nd would drive the 30 to 40 min to eat at this place anyday
4	Best spicy catfish in town, pud prig king is a bomb and the best part is ice water is soo good,  (waiter said 4 filters filtration)
4	I have been here since I was a kid. The thai food is F A B U L O U S! The only problem is that they really should waive the extra rice fee of $2.50 if you have four or more people. But other than that, this is the BEST thai food in Las Vegas and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants to try something new or any good thai restaurant.
5	Am giving it 5 star because the food is truly authentic thai cuisine and the service is quiet fast and the bathroom is very clean.
4	There were plenty of seating, nice decorations, and service was fast.The reason why I took off a star is the portion size are a little on the small side. Between the 7 of us, we ordered about 5 different dishes with extra rice and usually at most places, it's enough but not here.The pad thai, green curry, and papaya salad were delicious. I was satisfied with the taste of the food. My taste buds were giving me high fives. I believe this is primarily a Thai restaurant so get Thai dishes and NOT the Chinese. One of the stir-fry dishes we ordered was meh.
4	Unmistakably Kung Fu Thai is a hidden gem amidst the easily overpriced Asian cuisine in Las Vegas. Step one to finding delicious and affordable food in Vegas is to get off the strip. So, that's what my family and I did by coming to this restaurant, located in Vegas' "chinatown" or along Spring Mountain Road. Come here a little before the usual dinner rush on weekends about 6 o clock to avoid waiting. Right after we arrived, multiple parties came and had to wait for a table because the whole place filled up so quickly. You must try the garlic beef, pad thai, and papaya salad. Each dish was executed well and the food was brought out fairly quickly. My family ordered 5 dishes for 5 of us and there was still some left over. The total came out to be under $60 which is really not bad at all. This place is now on my list for some good Thai home cooking if I'm ever sick of the buffets and sky high prices on the strip. P.S. Check in for a free drink, +$1 if the drink is Thai iced tea!
2	Delivery was fast thats the only reason for the 2 stars, food was about a 1.Pad thai seemed like the noodles were cooked yesterday, the veggies seemed like most came from a can and what was fresh was brown and wilting, the soup seemed way to sour, like it was about to turn. What a waste of 30$$
3	I like this place. Service is fast and the food is good. They have a great variety of Asian styles. I like their lunch specials which are really cheap and you get a lot for what you pay for. I come here twice a month.
3	I'm from Fresno so majority of my reviews are compared to the food in my hometown. I would have to say the food was good but it's not great. The quantity was pretty small for the price. I felt like the place is a bit small? Since my neighbor's back is only about half a foot away from mine. Maybe a little rearranging of tables might help with rooms. Our server was nice but from my experience I don't recall him checking up on us. I think we waved and called him to us. Cups of water were small and we never had a refill. My gf had to drink my grandma's cup of ice water since they never refilled our cups for us. I would honestly give it a 2.5 stars but I can't so I'll round up that half star. Little improvement with service, you'll get there.
5	Kung Fu is my go-to Thai place in Vegas whenever I feel a craving for some Thai food. I feel like whenever I take a bite of their food, this is what Thai food should taste like. Their Chinese food is pretty good too, although it may not be as authentic as a normal Chinese place, they serve some good Chinese food here as well.I've been coming to this place with my family for a number of years now. I always love coming to this place for the food and I enjoy chatting with some of the waiters. It's friendly for family, and large parties if necessary. My favorite things to eat from here are the pad thai, pad se ew, and general Tso's chicken. Kung Fu gets pad thai correctly and cooks their pad se ew well and both have flavor. Their general Tso's chicken is sweet and has a slightly spicy flavor to it and this is best eaten at the restaurant so it is still crispy when you eat it! I have ordered their curry, vegetable dishes, tom kha soup, and I enjoy them all!Don't be scared to try this place, it will not disappoint. A lot of people enjoy coming here and you will soon find out why.
5	Yes, this place is as good as it gets. All our friends come in from out of state and always want to come back to Kung Fu's for their wonderful food. Always a great food experience. The staff is exceptionally attentive. A must try!
5	I love the pad thai it's so yummy and their thai iced tea is too bomb  the best thai food I ever tasted
5	BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE......Ok so this place is my favorite place to go for good Chinese food fix. Whenever I'm craving tum yum chicken soup spicy number 5 and chili mint chicken spicy number 10 with a side of half order of egg rolls. Absolutely delicious atleast until the day I picked up my food as a to go order. I live near red rock and I had to drive all the way across town for my Chinese food so you know it must be good. Anyway I picked up my order got back home, I went to taste my tum yum soup and it had a roach floating at the top of my soup. I could have died. I drive back across town and returned it to the restaurant, they told me that the cook must've thought it was garlic and accidentally put it in my soup.... Wow I wonder if this happens often??????  CHECK YOUR FOOD!!!!
2	If you find yourself eating here don't.  Walk across the street to krung Siam.  That being said it was clean.  papaya salad was the only thing worth mentioning.
1	Went here because Krung Siam across street was closed. Should have kept driving... bad bad bad.
5	Always good and great lunch specials.
5	This review is long overdue, but I really need to give this restaurant a superb rating, because it without a doubt was delicious.I went to Las Vegas for the summer and ate at a restaurant every day for a week, but Kung Fu Thai and Chinese Restaurant was definitely my favorite. My uncle kept saying that Thai food is good, but I've never tried it and pushed to eat at other restaurants.On our last night there, we tried this place. I was just FLOORED by how scrumptious each and everyone one of my bites of food were. The waiters provided EXCELLENT service and they were so kind! We went at night, so it was just our huge family of around 30 and another small family at a table near us.Foods I ate:-Tom Yum soup-Seasoned fish (forgot what it was called, but I hate fish and this was one of the only times I enjoyed eating it!)-MONGOLIAN BEEF *YES YES YES*I forgot all of the other dishes, but I'm sure that they all had just the right seasoning, texture, and taste.Definitely give this place a try if you're ever in the area!
5	Best of Vegas hands down. Service is topOf the top and the food is even better. I found this place one time my car was broke down I was taking the bus.I was on the corner dying of heat in the middle of July at mid day. Guy comes out with with a cup of water after noticing me sitting there rotting in the sun. I took my family over there as a result of their kindness and believe me when I tell you the food is insane ! The fried rice !!! The general  tsao chicken !!!!!!!!!!!! Everything is off the hook and straight up your just nuts if you haven't been there !!!
5	Tried the laad na dish and it was excellent, always looking forward to new things to try,
4	Tom Yum was amazing, everything else seemed to be a little too sweet. Other then it's a really quite place to go eat.
4	This was my first time here, we went to china town to celebrate Chinese New Year. I ordered the fried calamari which was lightly fried , was just perfect.My main course was chicken panang with white rice, the spice level 2, not too spicy. The papaya salad is my favourite dish , it was fresh and a must to compliment any dish.To complete I had the Thai ice tea. The portion size was enough for 2 people.The food overall was delicious but the waiters made us wait like 20 minutes for our bill.
4	Great service.  Food was excellent.  The price was very reasonable for a soup, three plates, steam rice and a couple of beer.  Did I say there were only two of us.  The bill came out a out $50.  Awesome.  We will be back.
1	Food is always good but service was poor at best today. 23 muni yes to take our lunch order..... And no more lunch specials!
4	At my little hotel on the Strip (no longer Cosmopolitan, btw) we have an Employee Dining Room. It's... well... it would get zero stars on Yelp. So sometimes we just can't hack it, and call in for some more-edible options. One of those places is Kung Fu. It had some good reviews and a full menu online, so we gave it a try.It's exceptionally pleasing! Of course, I had to go with Pineapple Fried Rice (my favorite!) and theirs comes in huge portions with chicken, pork, shrimp, and crab! What a catch! (You see what I did there?) My coworker went with the pad thai and she liked it.The best part is that delivery is in pretty reasonable time, and they deliver anywhere to the strip. It's a pretty good option, especially if you just want to chill in your hotel room before going out.
5	Had the lunch special, food is always good and comes out with great quality.
2	40mins later and still waiting for my order! My first time here and I'm never coming back..
1	we are giving them 1 start because that's the only option, this place is terrible, we order Kung pao shrim and they give us 5 shrimps with tons of ginger it did not taste like Kung pao at all.my husband order pad Thai shrimp and the noodle was like anger air pasta w mini tiny shrimps. the prices are crazy we pay $50 for a really bad dinner!! don't ever order in this place
1	Yelp gives this place about 3 1/2 stars from peeps experiences...but we were there last night and it was pretty shameful. To start with the service was slow...the vegetable chow mien was soggy and tasted bad...old limp veggies and the oil seemed rancid.  The Kung Pow chicken was plain with out spices and barely adequate...more like Junk pow then Kung pow...combo rice was just adequate for chocking down too. To top it of they forgot my pot stickers and the beer was not cold at all...and the server lady scowled at us when we asked for the check. Do not go here unless U want to over pay for food that is just god awful!!!
2	Service was horrible. No one took our drink orders, the waitress took our food order, but didn't ask about drinks until we had to ask someone about it. 5 people at our table and they brought out each dish one at a time with several minutes in between. Who does that? Waitress disappeared when it was time for the check, the manager finally brought it over and finished for her. While we were eating we saw another party waiting at the door for their check. Food was great if you don't mind bad service.
3	Loved the chicken wings and vegetables with crispy pork. The General Tso's was a bit more sweet than spicy for my taste. Unlike other reviewers, our service was pretty decent. Definitely coming back to try something else.
1	First time and last experience here. We ordered Thai fried rice and Pad Thai. The fried rice was oily and lacking flavor. Pad Thai was nothing but peppers and bland. I've had better Thai food on my side of town, I.e. Pin Kaow and Thai House. Even Panda fried rice than this place. Sorry Panda. Poor customer service as well. Just because it's a great location with guaranteed traffic doesn't give you the right to produce mediocre food.
1	horrible experience. We ordered our food online 2 hours ago and still NO FOOD. we just called and they clearly have no idea that we even ordered, we've talked to 3 different people in the past hour about our food. The last time we called she offered to retake our order and start from scratch. Meanwhile, the credit card was charged for food we never received. The lady took our number and said the "computer is broken" and the boss will call me back later for a refund. Worst experience i've had with lunch. My lunch hour is now :(
1	don't go here, go to Pin Kow. parking is terrible. service is even worse. the guy who seated us, also took our order and cleared the table. they are understaffed and very un-accommodating. (no, you can't substitute shrimp for chicken) it took us forever to get our food, and even longer to get the check. not to mention the food came out staggered, my husband got his entree, then they brought out the appetizers, then another entree...food quality was not good; very bland and not fresh. no condiments on the table, and not even enough for each table. they also didn't have enough menus for everybody. over all appearance and quality of the restaurant was poor.
1	One day, my wife and I were out, and she told me we should go to this place. She said she had been there seven years ago, and it was very good. I told her that " a lot can change in seven years", and I was right. We both agreed that this was one of the worst Chinese meals we ever had.The staff did try to please, but they just could not over come the bad food that came out of the kitchen. We ordered a curry dish, kung pao chicken, and a shrimp dish.My wife took one look at the curry dish and said, "When I saw it, I knew we were in trouble."  She was right. Poor quality ingredients, and no taste to it.The Kung Pao Chicken, a standard which I use to compare Chinese places, was awful. My dogs turned down the left over chicken; The peanuts were few, and tasted like they were purchased from a ball park, six months after the season ended, and the dish tasted liked it was cooked in Motor oil.Remember those terrible shrimp that are in those 99 cent cocktails in Downtown Casinos? Ever wonder where the ones they reject go? This is the place!!Top off the food with booths where the fabric is torn apart and needs replacement, and you risk sitting with a spring up your butt, and you have a perfect picture of Kung Fu Thai and Chinese. Go across the Street to Krung Thai. Better food, nicer place, better prices, and much easier to park.Trust me, I wanted to give this a Zero, but I am required to give one star. Generous.
1	If I could give them -10 stars I would.We arrived at 2:35pm order from the happy hour(it's until 3pm) menu on 2:40, at 3:05 the server came back says that he can't serve lunch spacial anymore-AFTER 30 min that we are waiting!!!!!!thats their new trick!So we order from the regular menu,the food came dry and I found 2 hairs in my Mongolian beef+it was so chewy like a rubber.I used to come here a lot and that was my first time after 9 months. This place change and become with tricky services,low quality of food and not clean at all. Better for the health dep to test this place soon as they can!!
1	This was the worst Thai food I've ever eaten.  Not to mention the worst service.  The only reason I tried this place was because the Thai restaurant across the street was close that day.  Wish I would have mcdonalds instead of this crap.  Priced way to high too.  Just a really bad choice if you eat here..
3	Food was really good as always. But we realized this place decrease the portions of food and it's now changing fine dining prices. Well... I don't think the atmosphere and service deserves the price increase. Let me know if you ever come up with a 50% off offer and we might consider.
3	I guess if you have a Thai craving in LV, this would be the place to go. They're actually a mixture of Thai, Chinese and Laos.I dined here back in January and I can't really remember anything exceptional about this place except I enjoyed the papaya salad.Its your typical Chinese/Thai food restaurant. It's better as family style rather than individual meals, so sharing is caring folks!I'm sure we will be back whenever we hit Vegas up and we're not at the buffet. LOL.
5	Favourite Thai place in Vegas!
4	Ive been eating at Kung Fu for years. Anyone Ive ever taken there or ordered with loves it. They deliver! I have not found crab rangoon anywhere that compares to theirs. You order the spice of a dish on a hotness level 1-10. They could be a little more consistent with that but I think it depends on the cook. I dont like too hot so I order a 1 or 2 which sometimes can feel more like a 4 or 5.. but overall, the best Chinese & Thai cuisine.
4	Having a craving for Thai food in Vegas once again, my friend recommended yet another she was familiar with. So far, I think you can't really go wrong as pretty much all the Asian restaurants I've been brought to has yet to disappoint me. This place was no different.It's one of the typical informal Asian restaurants you'll find in Chinatown....dated decor and nothing 5 star about it. That's fine as these places are frequented for the food and not the decor. Not to say there isn't any atmosphere as there's hodge podge of Thai and Chinese antiques and motifs.Like most Asian restaurants, it's probably best to go in larger groups as there are so many dishes to try and the portions are quite generous. Since it was just my friend and I, we just ordered the fish cakes, Pad See Ew (fried flat rice noodles) and the Pad Wan Sen (fried clear noodles). The flat rice noodles was pretty good, but just a bit sweet for my taste. I had actually ordered the fried clear noodles which were quite delicious. However, I had just had this this dish at another Thai restaurant a few days ago, and the other restaurant's taste edges out this one a bit in terms of taste quality. Still good though, and a good sized plate of noodles. The fish cakes were not too bad either, but for some reason parts of it were dry or hard to the chew. For a good Thai and Chinese restaurant both in one, and not too far from the strip, then this is definitely a place I'd come to again. Service was good (likely because it wasn't a busy time of day), good sized portions, and the food was worth the money. The other Thai restaurant I really enjoyed was a good 4-5 miles from the strip in a suburban strip mall, and probably a bit too far from the strip to venture out to, unless you have a car and GPS. This place is convenient.
3	This place was packed on a Monday night.  Service was mediocre.  They didn't come and check on us very often.  My sprite (which I got with a Yelp check in) was pure carbonation and with very little to no "sprite" syrup.  You can order most items with our without "spicy"Chicken Wings:  Very good crispy but tender.  The sweet chili sauce had no heat to it but it was delightful.Pad Sew Ew:  Pretty solid as far as this traditional Thai dish goes.  Nice flavor, not too much overpowering sauce.Shrimp Salad:  Refreshing and light.  Shrimp with a light sauce on a bed of lettuce.  The salad was crisp and the shrimp were cooked well.Shrimp Fried Rice:  Really no flavor at all.  I give them item a 1 star at best.  I've had fried rice at a lot of Thai restaurants and this dish had no flavor whatsoever.Chicken with Basil:  A little greasy but very flavorful.  The basil flavor really pops out.  Just sop up some of the grease with your steam rice to balance it out.
4	Adequate service, they could have tried to be at least more attentive. I even asked for those 4 chili sauces from one of the waiters and I still didn't even get it when my table and I finished our food. And we had to seat ourselves in because they weren't even paying attention to is near the entrance. But I must say, I've tried Thai restaurants from both California and Nevada and this place has good food, the dishes here are so perfectly seasoned, there is no too sweet, too plain, or too salty or not enough saltiness. Probably coming back again when I visit Las Vegas.
3	First timer. It was good compared to China a go go. Fresh food but pricey for the portions. Loved the Chicken Laarb, Tom yum soup and definitely recommend the sweet n sour pork!
4	I am definitely a fan!!! And they deliver! I'm a huge fan of places that serve white meat. The orange chicken is amazing! Pad Thai, amazing! Thank you! Can't wait to have it again this week!Update: Just had this again, yup! Still great!  Mongolian beef was soooo good! I love places that have good quality meat. That's hard to find around this area.
1	Ended up in this disaster after one of our usual places was full of a tour group. It took around 10 minutes for anyone to come to the table to take our order after being sat. Little did we know this was the beginning of a pattern.My coworkers and I ordered off of the lunch menu (which for the price looks pretty good, I guess that is what gains them the one mandatory star above). Then the waiting game it took a very long time to get the food. The lunch special comes with egg and flour soup which we received first. It was bland and not very good, had to add soy sauce to it to make it even palatable. About 30 plus minutes later we received our entrees. The food was underwhelming at best. I had the Kung Pao chicken with fried rice, egg roll and Thai fried chicken wing. The chicken wing and egg roll were not too bad, but the rest was sub par and not very good. I believe I could have gotten a better meal at an Asian fast food restaurant. Then it took close to 15 minutes to get our check, followed by another long wait to get it back. It caused one of my coworkers to miss a meeting. Not sure how this place has made it as long as it has.
4	**For Delivery Only**My allergies have been kicking me in the face the last few days...so when I called to let my fella know I was on my way home from work, he said "I'm going to order us some Thai food."Ok. I don't have to cook or anything...deal. We'd never ordered from Kung Fu Thai before, and let me tell you...we will absolutely be ordering from them again. Delivery was prompt.  I don't think he had called until after 6pm, and our food arrived about 6:45pm.  Not too bad!We had:Crab Rangoon:  Probably some of the best rangoons I've had in Vegas.  Absolutely divine.Egg Rolls:  On par with Thai BBQ on Maryland and Sahara.  REALLY good egg rolls.Pad Thai: YUM.  Flavorful,and a good sized portion.Ginger beef:  favorite of the night!  Delicious.  Tender beef, a little spice...wowza.  So good.Yellow curry:  VERY yummy.  Fresh basil, chicken, and zucchini.  No potatoes, which is kind of weird to me, but still amazing.  (I'm having left overs for lunch today.)I really enjoyed the food, and intend to order in from them again.
4	Love their chopped chicken with mint and pineapple fried rice.  I used to live fairly close and this was the go to Thai restaurant for my roommate and me.  Delivery was always super quick, orders were always correct and everything we ever orderd was delicious!
4	I have eaten here twice when I have been visiting Vegas.  Both times I've had the panang curry.  It was very good both times.  My service has always been good and I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas and looking for Thai.
5	I'm visiting Vegas for a convention. Unfortunately, my hotel is off the strip and with 104 degree temperatures the last thing I wanted to do was go back out in the heat for food. Did an Internet search for places that deliver. A million pizza joints, but I wanted something different. Came across some good reviews for Kung Fu so I placed an online order.About two minutes after the order was placed, a gentleman called from Kung Fu to verify some of the things on my order. Whhaaaaat? A restaurant that doesn't just guess but actually follows up with the customer? Amazing! He told me the food would be delivered in an hour but it was more like 30-45 minutes.And it was sooooo good. I was craving egg drop soup and theirs didn't disappoint. I had also ordered the chicken with chili and mint over rice and received a HUGE portion for the price. Got a large drink too. Cost for everything plus delivery and tip was only about $22, making it more than worth it. Not to mention the awesomeness of having it delivered to my hotel.Definitely will be keeping this one on my list for future trips to the area. It's easy to understand why they've been open so long!
5	Best general tsos chicken ive ever had. Service was good. My drink was refilled when i needed it to be. Couldnt ask for much more. Definitely visit this place if you want great chinese food
4	Good flavors, decent portions, shrimp was rubbery though.  Great place for large parties, very accommodating.
5	I love Kung Fu, great food served promptly, great service, calming atmosphere, and a huge menu to choose from...it works for me every time.
4	Totally reminded me of east coast style chinese food.  Very glad to find this.   Service was ok, not the best.
4	It's surprisingly difficult to find places that deliver in Vegas. Everyone in the office is completely sick of Jason's Deli 3 days in a row, so we tried something different and so glad we did. I've only had the Thai food from Kung Fu, but it's one of the few places in Chinatown that delivers, and figured we'd give their food a try.We did the order by phone since it was catering, but I was really surprised that their website allows you to do the order online for delivery or pick up. Helps a lot with the language barrier - I don't speak Chinese or Thai, but my coworker made me order (in English!) because she had trouble understanding them. We were able to feed 12-14 people for about $160 which is really good. Delivery was on time and there was no minimum or delivery fee. I wasn't blown away by the Chinese food, but it was above average with generous servings at a really reasonable price. I think each half pan was around $40. It's not my personal go-to for Chinese or Thai, but the fact that they're cheap, so close to the strip and have delivery makes this place 5-star if you're visiting. Beats paying $25 for sweet & sour chicken from a casino restaurant.
1	Me and my husband ate here today for their lunch specials.Their chopped chicken with mint wasn't good and the texture was overcooked, so I called and talked to the server and asked if my husband can change it.she was gone for a minute and came back saying " we cannot change it coz he already touched the food"We were like thats the point because the food was garbage!This restaurant has bad service, bad food and the restaurant smelled bad too.We are never ever coming back here
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Been coming here for more than 15 years.  Love the duck noodles!!Best long island ice tea in Vegas!
4	Besides the fact they take awhile to bring your food, I love this place. Me and friends come here all the time when we're craving Chinese food. Delicious !!
4	Been to Kung Fu a few times. LOVE IT. Its always pretty full when we go so it makes it a better experience to people watch. I always the Tom Yum soup with shrimp. Love the spyciness. I also recommend the walnut shrimp if you like sweet food. Place seems clean and waitress is always sweet.
1	We just arrived in Las Vegas and wanted to get some Asian food away from the a strip and found this place. We came in and waited to be seated per posted sign - it was not busy at all - maybe two or three other tables. No one was in the front..we waited...no one came out...we still waited...saw a waiter eating lunch. We waited some more...the waiter finished eating and went to the back let people in the back know we were waiting...but still no one came...we left. What kind of an establishment doesn't have a host in the front to seat their patrons????? Why did we wait so long?? Horrible....horrible...horrible service....!
2	Girlfriend and I decided to dine in since the Vietnamese place within the plaza was sporting an hour long wait, we might as well have just waited. We enter and it's pretty busy, but no line at the door so it seemed like we were going to get decent service.Damn man. We got seated and we were promptly brought water however we waited about fifteen minutes for someone to come by to take our drink and food order. After about twenty, a server finally came over and took everything at once. After another fifteen minutes, still no drinks so I got up and asked where they were, and as soon as she brought the food is when we got our drinks. The food was decent, however we had to get up, travel to a dirty table, and get our own soy sauce. Also the portions were pretty small. I ordered the general tso chicken and she had the bbq pork wonton soup.The food like I said, was decent. It's just the service was so awful I couldn't take it, I honestly considered just walking out. There were only about 4 servers on the floor and obviously they were very overwhelmed. The bussers were amazing though, they really hustled their asses off. Next time hopefully the management staffs up for higher volume because I know this place has been in business for a long time and has great potential. Perhaps on a slower day we will check them out again if we are in the area.
4	Haven't been here much since they remodeled which is quite awhile ago but will probably try again soon. Was a great place to get both Thai and Chinese food.
3	Omg!! Pad see ew with deep fried pork belly(moo grob)....a must orderNot on the menu but ask for it5 stars!! everything else is ok
4	My husband isn't the type who likes to try new places, but he has been a lot more open to the idea lately. I have been coming to Kung Fu Thai & Chinese Restaurant for years and love it, so I convinced my husband to try it out. He is a fan now!! Their Mongolian Beef is the best in town and their service is great. The prices are affordable and the food gets to the table within minutes of ordering.
1	Ordered to go... waited for almost hour!!! Restaurant wasn't busy, yet I had to wait!!!
1	worst customer service experience ever. wanted green curry chicken $10.25 but it only came with 3 types of veggies, two which i wanted to replace with two other types. with his strange logic, waiter said $2 extra to replace the veggies??? i was already like uhhhhhso i took another minute to overlook the menu and saw veggie green curry for $8.50. i asked how much to add chicken to that, he said $1-$2. so i did that instead. menus need to be updated! my friend ordered panang and menu said it had 4 types of veggies so she got it. dish came out and it only had zuchinni! really? she told the waiter to take it back. will not be coming back! krung siam across the street is way better!
4	I love this place! Food is always amazing, staff is always super attentive.  Great price! One of my favorite Thai restaurant! Only reason why I gave 4 stars is because it has been open for awhile remodeling is a must!
4	Best thai food in town. Almost as good as moms cooking! Food is fast but sometimes appetizers come after main course, that's why only 4 stars.excuse the half eaten plates...
5	Huge menu selection of Thai and Chinese food. This place was busy for 9p and continued to be busy until we left around 10:15p. The staff was extremely friendly and polite! I had their Chicken Satay. This was very filling and came with a small cucumber  salad. They had vegetation options for my friends. These dishes were excellent! I wanted dessert but it was getting late for the kids in our party! This place is super easy to find: on the corner of Spring Mountain and Valley View!
2	KUNG FU KICKED TO 2 STARS   Kung Fu Restaurant broke an important rule. That rule is to NEVER EVER force your customers to leave a minute after giving them the check. Breaking this rule has consequences such as A ONE STAR REDUCTION IN A REVIEW RATING. As a result of their unprofessional action a 3.4 rating is dropped to 2.4 stars that is rounded off to 2 stars. Yikes! kind of how my brother and I also felt. In all honesty this a gentle response considering that many talented Yelper's would reward this experience with a one star rating.   Kung Fu Restaurant is located in the Las Vegas Chinatown District at the southwest corner of Valley View and Spring Mountain Boulevard. After a day in Springs Preserve suffering with a hurt left foot my brother and I decided to drive a few traffic lights South on Valley View Boulevard to Chinatown. This would be a convenient choice. Actually not really. Regardless that Kung Fu is at a major crossroads, the parking situation is atrocious. The diminutive parking spaces are more ideal for a golf cart than today's modern vehicles. I'd sacrifice my car if I left it there. So, we parked across Valley View Boulevard near Starbuck's with the intention of a post dinner coffee after. So I'd sacrifice my legs and limbs crossing a busy Valley View Boulevard.  The service started out allright. Immediately after walking inside there was a booth available (I wonder why). The waiter presented my brother and I with glasses of cold water and the menus.   Regardless that there was a large assortment of dishes to choose from, only the entree page dishes included jasmine rice. Nothing about brown or fried rice. I ordered the shrimp chop suey which was around $9.50. My taste buds say that the shrimp chop suey is 3.4 stars. In comparison to the Chinese restaurants that I have reviewed (my Chinese Restaurants list is the home of these reviews) the size of the shrimps trailed in comparison. Generally speaking, or tasting the quality from the vegetables to the sauce tasted fine. The soy sauce gave some taste to the jasmine rice.  With the shrimp chop suey and jasmine rice, I ordered hot tea. In my opinion it is nearly impossible to mess up the delicious hot tea that Chinese restaurants serve. After a few cups of the delicious green tea, I stand by my opinion. Thanks to the Yelp checkin offer, the tea was complimentary. I would of enjoyed a bowl of my beloved wonton soup,  one of my favorite foods in the world going back to my toddlerhood. But Kung Fu doesn't give any breaks with the soup. The war won ton soup is around $9. they ought to include personal portions of soup on the menu. Then again, they ought to include chopsticks on the table.   The food was good. I ate everything down to the plate including the sauce. My brother and I were talking at the time the waiter presented us with the check. Around a minute later the waiter tells us to pay because people were waiting for the booth. He wasn't giving us the stink eye and handed us our fortune cookies. Without a nasty demeanor he just rushing us out of the booth barely giving my brother and I time to split the bill.   I didn't read the fortune cookie. An appropriate fortune cookie would say something like, "The average person tells nine other people when they are unhappy with a business where the average Yelper tells a couple thousand people when they are unhappy with a business." Or the fortune cookie might of said, "You have a World of restaurants to choose from in your city." Or the fortune cookie could of said, "There is nothing like competition." To close off this review, what I am saying is that Kung Fu rushed us out the door of their restaurant and it is a door I don't intend to open in a long time.
4	Kung Fu on Spring Mountain China Town Vegas has consistently offered excellent Thai and Chinese food ... Fresh and savory and served with courtesy and professionalism each and every time. Thumbs way up!!
5	Visiting Vegas and decided to try this spot ...service is great and their food was delicious!!! Came back 2nd night in a row for dinner. Had the War Wonton soup and chicken fried rice. ....Loved it!!!!
2	Where do i begin with this place.....i usually critique the food and the food only, despite the bad service im rating this place completely on the food alone. I ordered the orange chicken lunch special with fried rice for $6.75 And an appetizer sampler. First of all the "chicken" was heavily battered. upon further investigation ( me taking apart the breading ) i realized that the chicken is not breaded in house. Its the cheapest mechanically separated frozen garbage ive ever seen. This meal was worse then the chinese food station at the palace station buffet. With an overly sweet sauce dedicated to hiding the "flavor" of this so called version of meat. I was truly disappointed. I envision an owner that cares more about food cost percentages then he does about the quality of the food. Batter your own chicken! Chicken is cheap. Very disappointed! Will never visit this establishment again
4	Went with a big group from out of town- all of us were able to get a different dish and share, and all of us were very happy with so many good dishes!  Great selection and great customer service, (especially for the large party of 12) and all at a good price.
5	We just moved away from Las Vegas and if there was one restaurant we could take with us it would have been Kung Fu, no doubt. We're having at the moment Kung Fu relapses! This place was the best and I mean THE VERY BEST!! When it came to Thai food, there was one other place we enjoyed but we always went to Kung Fu though instead. As for Chinese and you could say Thai food  as well that when we left Kung Fu we would never have the aftermath horror of like that horrible feeling in our stomachs when the food is laced, injected, bathed or drowned in MSG and it's as if you ate something good but when it hits your stomach it metamorphisizes into a few bricks. We were NEVER, NOT ONCE disappointed with the food as well the great service we received here, the food always seemed fresh, no MSG aftermath horrors and the waiters were always polite and kind. Such an impeccable place that we will definitely miss. No wonder they've been open for so long, it shows and you can tell by how delicious the food is, we will not forget this place.
5	Excellent Thai and Chinese food. I've gone here with friends, family, and business associates. Great for all three. Try the beef pepper steak or the chicken fried rice: It's bomb!!!!!
1	Bad service ...I placed a order they gave it to a bigger party ....the manager said sorry ....I order once more from them so it happen again .....
2	I work at a casino on the strip and this is the only place my co-workers and I could find that would deliver. The food is pretty good, there's no complaint there. The only complaint that I have is when we place an order over the phone. There are two people that we've noticed who take the orders, one is male the other is female. Every time we order from the male, the orders are always correct. When we order from the female, every time, the order is incorrect. Everytime. When we've called back to have them correct the mistake, she will sit there and argue with us. We've decided not to order from them again. Too bad. They've just lost steady business.
5	I was surprised to see all the negative reviews here! My husband and I dined here after we discovered Lotus of Siam was closed between 2:30 and 5:30pm. We ordered Crab Rangoon/Wontons, Mongolian Beef and Shrimp Pad Thai between the two of us. They also serve a small selection of alcoholic beverages.Our food was amazing! And the service was fast. I did have to point out to our waiter which white wine I wanted on the menu so maybe communicating your food order over the phone could be tricky. But the fact that they offer online ordering should resolve this problem. AND, do you want authentic or not?! The hostess and our waiter were very pleasant and professional. Lastly, we saved a lot of money getting off the strip. We will definitely return!
4	I've seen a lot of reviews here... Complaining about the service... I think most of you need to chill a bit... Could the service be a tad better... Yeah it could... But the food totally makes up for it... English is a slight problem for some of the Workers... But it's a Chinese restaurant... Duh... Please don't listen to these negative reviews... You Only will be missing a great dining experience.... Huge menu even better preparation... My only complaint is I ate too much.... I usually bring food home... But the flavors were unique and wonderful.... Can't wait to go back.... It will be a while since I live in Los Angeles.... This place would do great there...
2	First off I'd like to preface this review by saying that I've being going here for at least the past 6 years. Service has always been just alright, but you would think since I come I'm in quite a bit, that'd would have at least changed. Nope. I also want to say that by far, they have my FAVORITE Tom Yum and Yum Woonsen. Order it every time. No other restaurant makes it as good as they do. But to the docking of stars. My husband no longer wants to dine here after basically being ignored one visit. We were barely acknowledged, just enough so that we finally got to place an order after being seated for 20 minutes ( again, we know what we want and just wasn't approached prior to this.) When we got our food, I was willing to dismiss the lack of service in the beginning, because the food is just so dang good and  I had an ok history with them. Buuuut, we weren't even on their radar during the meal. Our waters were not once refilled (or offered), no one asked how our meal was, or even if we would like anything else. Nothing. My husband was furious. We talked to them about how we felt neglected from the awful service, and their decision? Give us 10% off. Um. Ok. We are very reasonable people and are pretty polite, even if it comes down to complaining. Had we had a large bill, 10% would have been sufficient. But for two meals, they basically covered tax. Poor customer service recovery, in my opinion, especially for someone that has frequented there often. Really disappointed.
4	As any other Thai or Chinese restaurant , the food is flavorful and aromatic with exotic spices.i have to admit some of the prices are high but definitely worth it. I love the seafood fried rice has spectacular quality seafood( scallops, fishball,squid, etc) I ordered the Tom yum with jumbo shrimp which was very good!
4	My Fiance and I were looking for a Christmas Story style Chinese Restaurant for our Christmas dinner. Kung Fu delivered with truely authentic Asian delicacies and personnel.  If we had asked them to sing a Christmas Carol or chop the head off of a duck at our table I bet they would have. We knew we were at a great Asian restaurant when we looked around and noticed we were the only two non Asian people in the place. A few others came in later but knowing their own culture embraces the restaurant got us excited.We weren't disappointed. All four dishes had wonderful flavors and aromas. They tasted very fresh and flavorful. The portion sizes were considerable so trust me you will be taking some home.Parking did stink but if you can find a spot you won't be disappointed having to park down the block and walking a block or two.
4	I've finally had the chance to dine in here, and I'm really pleased with my experience. We came in yesterday, Christmas Day, for brunch. The place was packed, but they found a small table for the two of us towards the back.They offer a free soft drink with a Yelp check in, and I was able to "upgrade" to a Thai iced tea for $1 instead of the normal $2.85.  Deal!Today we ordered a cup of egg flower soup, egg rolls, shrimp Pad Thai, and Mongolian beef.  I thought the egg flower soup was gross, but I'm not a fan of that style of soup anyway.  My fella LOVED it.  He said it was some of the best egg flower soup he's had in town. The egg rolls were amazing, and let me tell you about the hot mustard sauce...wowza, THAT cleared my sinuses after one bite.  It was absolutely amazing, and I usually don't care too much for hot/spicy things.  The Mongolian beef was delicious:  tender beef with great flavor and a little kick to it, with peppers and onions and carrots.  The Shrimp Pad Thai was good too...the noodles were perfect.  My only complaint and the reason for the docked star was that the shrimp were REALLY over cooked.  Service was extremely polite, and quick.  I absolutely plan to continue to order in from here, and I would definitely dine in again.
4	3rd time to Kung Fu Thai & Chinese Restaurant it's in Vegas Chinatown on the side of Spring Mtn Road.We went after hiking one day so we got an early dinner and was starving.Got:Tom Ka Chicken soup - huge and pretty tastyOn Choy - salty, but we need veggiesPork fried rice - B. picked it, tasted ok.Green Curry pork dish - tasted ok, I think maybe came with side of steamed white rice.  Wish we'd known wouldn't have gotten fried rice.Tasty and pretty cheap.
1	Food isn't bad but service was awful! Orders came out individually and waiters aren't as attentive. They require a 15% tip for a party of 6 or more and I honestly don't think they deserve it. They treat their own people with more attention than others...discriminates and slow in service, not coming back for sure.
5	This place is awesome!! The food is amazing and the wait was very short!I highly recommend the Combination Appetizer and the Egg Flower Soup:)
3	I was in search of Shrimp Pad Thai and found this via google. Ordered placed for pick-up, ready in 15 mins...Great! Parking was down a dimly lit drive thru/alley way. Got startled by what appeared to be a worker smoking in the corner; may I suggest you park on Spring Mt and walk around to Valley. Upon entering the restaurant, the staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was inviting. I must say the dish was very tasty with a spicy level of 4. The only complaint were the noodles were thinner than what I was used to, almost like angel hair pasta, and the shrimp were the tiny ones; I was a little disappointed, but yet it was still very tasty. You can order up for larger shrimp, but since it was my first time I wanted to experience the regular dish. If I had to eat here again, I would definitely order the larger shrimp next time.
4	Well I am not from Thailand or China to tell you if its authentic or not ,but I can sure tell you the food is good and flavorful.The Veg fried rice took me back to Mumbai in a flash for its resemblance to the street food.A respite from the bland and overpriced food of The Strip4 stars because I have been there just once
3	Located in Chinatown in Las Vegas in a little strip mall. My family always makes a stop here on our annual Christmas Vegas trip before we feast on buffets after buffets. The food is okay.. they have a lot of options for family style. We always order well over 10 dishes since we come in a big group, which gives us a lot of variety. Some items worth trying are the beef salad, chicken larb, spicy cat fish, and minced chicken.
2	The service is very slow. I had to wave a waitress down after waiting 10 minutes. We ordered fried catfish, orange chicken, poah taek soup. I give it 4 stars for no flavor. The staff is very inattentive and they ran out of most of the appetizers like the fish cakes and sate and jerky at only 630pm. I'm used to flavorful food in SoCal but this place just had no flavor. Such a disappointment!
1	They delivered the wrong food and when I called to tell them, they insisted it was what I ordered and hung up on me, repeatedly. I had to take a cab there to get my money back. Don't waste your money or time. They never refunded my money. Avoid this place at all cost!!!!!!
