5	I decided to check out Commonwealth for its opening weekend and I'm glad I did- this place is amazing!  Located in Fremont East right next to Le Thai, locals have another bar they can hop to during the course of the evening.Get your ass inside and find a beautiful, expansive space with plenty of seating.  Admire the art and lighting while enjoying a craft beer or fancy cocktail.  Or, better yet, admire the beautiful bartenders pouring your drinks.  I was thoroughly digging on the boys in suspenders.There is also an outdoor patio area upstairs if you want to smoke or enjoy the view of Downtown.  I believe there is another bar up there as well.To get an idea for drink prices, my husband ordered a draft beer (Alley Cat Amber, which was really good) and I had a well drink.  They came out to be about $7 a piece.  Someone next to us ordered a sidecar (that looked yummy) and theirs was $9.The crowd was diverse and included hipsters, cool kids, and quite a few guys dressed in suits.  Everyone was friendly and enjoying their time at Commonwealth.  Someone even bought the bar a round of shots (before it got too crowded, of course).  I'm keeping my fingers crossed that the crowd stays the way it is and doesn't get overrun with bros.We got in around 9:00 or 9:30 (on a Saturday) and it wasn't too busy and we were able to find a seat at the bar.  An hour later, however, was a completely different story.  There were wall-to-wall people and standing room only.  Depending on if you want to just chill or you're out to mingle, you should keep this in mind.What made me fall in love with this place so much?  Was it the gorgeous atmosphere?  Was it the friendly crowd and staff?  Was it because they stole my iPod to create their music playlist?  Maybe it was just the cute boys in suspenders?  Well, whatever it was made me fall pretty hard for Commonwealth and I'm anxiously awaiting our next date.
5	Awesome place!! We decided to check this place out after leaving drink and drag (I know, completely different animals). As a Philadelphia native, this place made it feel like I was back at home. When we walked in the high ceilings made it feel open but still it felt so warm and comfortable. It really felt like I was back in a Favorite spot in philly. The draft beer selection was incredible along with a full cocktail menu. Drinks were priced accordingly, especially since it seemed like a college crowd is not this bars target audience. That being said, there was a very diverse crowd. However guy to girl ratio was about 10:1, great being a girl but major sausage fest if you were a guy. It was thanksgiving eve around 12 so it was pretty busy. Bartenders were definitely hustling. As a bartender myself, i knew they were super busy so i waited patiently for about 7 minutes to get 2 beers, not so bad at all!! Overall we loved it and all agreed we can't wait to come back hang out upstairs on their patio and really get to enjoy the awesome vibe this place is giving off!! Two thumbs up!!!
4	This place is pretty swank for downtown. The downstairs area has a bar, seating area and really high ceilings... Which has a dramatic effect. The chandeliers and wall design/texture and pictures are cool and unique. I will need to take a picture of the art piece of a man with a really large mustache... I wonder if that was put up for movember. The upstairs is more of my scene. There is a bar, seating, but no heaters, so it was a little bit chily after 15 minutes. There is also smoking and a killer view. The entire space seems like it's pretty chill and very lounge like. It wasn't as loud as beauty bar or griffin but maybe I was there too early. Then this leads me to say the staff was very proficient in asking for more drinks and clearing glassware but maybe because it wasn't that busy yet. I would definitely come back but would love to see some portable heaters put out upstairs.
5	Great experience so far! They really bring in a new look to downtown. My friends and I usually go for The Griffin by default, but I'm so glad Commonwealth opened so we can migrate from The Griffin! The decor is fun and open and the ceiling high. The upstairs is really lovely, I feel like I'm in a different city to be honest. The atmosphere is fun and you can see all kinds of people about! Defiantly a favorite bar in Vegas so far!
4	I ended up here by accident last night.Myself and some friends went to the opening of a new billiard concept on Fremont Street, which I will review later. Anyway, it was very loud, so after a few games of pool, a friend said they wanted to go check out Commonwealth, which they said had just opened recently, so we headed over there.First, as soon as you walk in the door, you realize that someone put a lot more effort into the interior than your standard, Fremont Street establishment, which usually resembles something that college kids threw together on a tight budget.Not here though. A sleek, sophisticated interior, with a very cool Lower-Manhattan feel. This could have been anywhere in Chelsea, or the new East Village, which has become so hip as of late. Very cool, very classy, and surprisingly refreshing for that East Fremont stretch that is trying so desperately to reinvent itself. The best part though, was when we discovered that there was a staircase that led to a rooftop patio bar. We headed up there. There were some comfortable couch seating over by the railing, and that's where we spent our evening, relaxing with good conversation, good cocktails, and a really pretty view of the classic, iconic Las Vegas signage that has been reconditioned and now adorns Fremont as the Neon Museum. The music, while it was your typical techno-dance crap, was at a volume low enough for you to carry on a conversation, which we all appreciated. The staff was professional and attentive as well.All in all, this was an extremely cool and new destination when you want to just chill with friends, and not do the whole over-the-top club thing, and has the potential of being a 5-star destination, but I took off one star for the following reasons;-New techno didn't quite fit the vibe. I just felt like dance remixes of more classic stuff would have worked better. (70's disco, cheesy 80's stuff, etc...)-It was a cool night. Not cold, just cool, and there weren't any patio heaters yet. So we had jackets on. It was fine at 60 degrees, but this will probably become a bigger issue as it gets colder. What would be spectacular, and really cozy up the patio, would be those open-flame natural gas fire-pits, instead of radiant heat or metal propane heaters. Real fire in stone pits. Like Ferraros (on paradise) or Double Helix (at Town Square) have on their patio, for instance. That would be paradise on that rooftop area.
4	I think this bar is a perfect addition to the Fremont East area - it's unique, but totally in the vibe of the developing scene there.  First off, the decor is gorgeous; I particularly love the art and light fixtures.  Great furniture as well.  Nice ambiance, and of course, THE ROOF DECK.  Hold on to your Instagram kids, because it's about to be littered with pix of downtown neon taken from every angle of that deck. (Guilty!)There's this one sweet spot up on the roof off to the side that has especially nice views, is quieter than everywhere else and is in the direct path of Le Thai's kitchen exhaust.  It's actually quite heavenly if you love the smell of Thai food.  Otherwise, I guess it could be gross.  But the roof is spacious, with several small tables and lots of standing area.  Smoking is restricted to outside (YAY!!!), as are the hot drinks from the beverage menu (Boo).  Ok - here's the skinny on drinks: not too pricey ($8-12), right in line compared to DCR or Vanguard, and all the ones I tried were good.  The only quibble is that there are NO cheap beer options ($6-12).  PBR will run you $6.  But if you want cheap drinks, go to nickel night at Beauty Bar, I guess.  A great selection of draft beers and fancy bottles, and several beer cocktails.  There are also "depth charges" or something like that... that could be shots (like a Car Bomb), but at $10 each, seems like a waste of a tasty drink that could also be sipped (OMG I JUST GOT SO OLD). But seriously, I had the "Willy Wonka's Hangover," made with Tuaca, vanilla vodka, and Young's double chocolate stout.  As delicious as this would have been to chug, I really liked just drinking it as a cocktail.  Kinda like a supercharged beer.I can see making this a regular hangout.   The only major detractor is the unnecessarily loud music that makes it hard to carry on a conversation with the person next to you, much less across a table.  The tunes selection is at least pretty awesome though, with a mix of jams from old school rap to indie rock.
5	Good beer list, good vibe, and I really like the rooftop patio.
3	Even though the girlfriend and I were in Vegas on vacation, every time we're in town, we like to get away from the Strip, away from the tourists, and experience good food and drink without the Strip premium prices.  I'd read about Commonwealth on Eater Vegas while doing a little pre-trip research and it sounded like the gf and my kind of place.  We got to the Commonwealth around 10 pm on the Tuesday night before Thanksgiving.  Frankly, the Commonwealth isn't too much to look at from the outside with its black exterior making the place look like a lump of coal.  However, the brightly lit signage denoting "Commonwealth" lit up in yellow neon letters beckoned us to enter. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wke61EJKd1Yw6q1BR1npZw?select=heOrzw-1fyK9xuAiakEkGw#5-Np0Y4K3sXJaGSRXxiNtw Upon stepping inside, the dimly lit, steam punk-esque beer hall before me immediately impressed me!  All I can say is that the Griffin has been surpassed as Fremont Street's most aesthetically appealing bar.  It's sexy, swanky, and has a timeless feel and appeal.  As for the clientele, it's seemed to be a real hodge-podge of attractive Vegas locals.  All walks of life appeared represented, seemingly mostly in their mid-to-late 20s to mid-30s; however older folks like me felt perfectly at home, too. Commonwealth's list of beers on tap wasn't the largest I've ever seen, but it certainly was a good one with plenty of interesting craft beers to choose from.  However, since we're both more into cocktails and the weather was a nice that evening, we went up to the roof for our drinks.  I can't say enough good things about being able to drink outdoors under the stars in late November.  Commonwealth has a spacious rooftop lounge with a bar, which has a picturesque view west down Fremont Street behind it.  The rooftop has a completely different, more relaxed, vibe from the energetic main bar downstairs.  Commonwealth's intriguing cocktail list is broken down into three thematic groupings, "Common", "Wealth" and "Depth Chargers" (think Irish Car Bombs).  For the life of me, I can't remember the name of the drink or the list of ingredients it had, but I know it came from the "Common" section.  What I do remember is that my drink, while conceptually well devised and still enjoyable, wasn't as well executed and balanced as it could've/should've been.  I wanted to like my drink more than I did.  There's no doubt in my mind that the bartenders are skilled and take pride in their work.  Commonwealth is going to be (if it isn't already) a hugely popular bar.  Offering craft cocktails and trying to maintain high standards in making them will be difficult, if not impossible, in a high volume bar such as this.  Going forward, I see this as Commonwealth's biggest challenge.  Nevertheless, I really like Commonwealth.  I wouldn't hesitate in the least to come back the next time I'm in town.
3	This place is another fancy spot Downtown and is part of the upscaling of the area.  As part of that gentrification they have a no-bag policy which in theory is fine, although if you are trying to create a walkable neighborhood or one where cars are not the primary way of getting around, then this doesn't work without some sorta bag/coat check.  Planning a bar crawl downtown we took the Deuce to get downtown and had messenger bags with a camera and some other stuff inside (jacket, anticipating a late night and cooler temps).  Well when we arrived they said there was no check or anything we could do.  Not wanting to go all the way back to the Venetian, we just skipped out.On another visit (sans bags) we had a beer.  The staff didn't actually seem to know too much about styles, etc, which was fine since we had our phones, but they probably should have a little more education on what they're serving.  I'm sure they'll fix these things as they get into their groove (at least I hope so).Looking forward to another visit once it warms up some more...
4	Per usual I was drinking on Fremont Street when....My friend and I noted this gorgeous new establishment next to Le Thai and across the street from our most coveted bar - Vanguard. After having drinks at Vanguard we heartily agreed it would be a good idea to check out Commonwealth, the new addition to Fremont East.The bar is spacious, reaching all the way across the "warehouse" like interior. I say warehouse because of the large, open ceilings. Interesting artwork is dispersed throughout the bar and it is adorned with furniture that resembles perhaps a speak-easy/British vibe.  Everything here is visual eye candy from the view you can have from the patio of Fremont East down to the saucily adorned bathrooms. As for drinks, my friend and I decided on some cocktails from their specialty menu, which much like Vanguard features awesome mixed concoctions you aren't going to find many other places. I forget what I had, but it was recommend because of the sweet cherry flavor. I enjoyed it, but had originally wanted something off of their "Hot Drinks" menu. Ah! So fabulous for them to have THAT menu, but alas, they couldn't make their hot drinks on the night we were there. I'm withholding a 5 star rating until I go back for a second visit. Hopefully I can try one of their hot drinks when I return. Also, they did have a bit of trouble getting my debit card to run and I was bit antsy when someone simply walked off to the back with it (probably to run it on another POS system). But that didn't sour my mood too much on the place, especially since the bartenders were congenial and helpful.Will definitely be back soon.
5	Such an amazing addition the Fremont East.  This place exceeded all of my expectations.  Since it opened, I've been there literally every weekend.  No joke, I love it.  When I think of city pubs that brings a lot of culture, I think this place has it!When you look at the place from the outside, it doesn't look big.  When you walk in, you are quickly corrected.  This place is huge!  It's filled with such an array of uncommon things that somehow come together nicely.  I'm talking about mismatched chandeliers, weathered wood beams, zebra carpets, exposed brick walls, lots of over sized pictures.  This place has it all!  There's also two stairways leading to the roof top deck.  NICE.  I'm always a fan of roof top decks.  Lots of space to walk around, lots of room, lots of great company. When you come here, you MUST try the banana bread beer.  It is soo good.  Strong hints of banana bread flavor and not sweet, so it's great.  It's served in a large glass.  I'm so glad that they decided to brew their own beers.  So good!Please take your butts downtown and try this place out.  It BLOWS the other bars out of the water on Fremont East.  Taken from their site, "Commonwealth, a cocktail barfor uncommonly good times."  I truly believe that.
5	Downtown Las Vegas.  Trendy or trashy and usually smoky either way.  Commonwealth is a new bar that reminds me a bit oft the East Coast with its pull away from Las Vegas glitz and downtown nostalgia.  The group I was with were happy with their various drink selections that contained unique ingredients, distinct names and extensive choices.  It is a unique bar downtown in that it has an upstairs bar and terrace and allows the downstairs to have cleaner air since there is a smoking alternative.
4	Great new spot on DTF-East. The decor is very well done. I remember when I used to walk by the construction, knowing nothing about what would end up there. They have certainly done an incredible job of transforming the space.Being a Friday night, it was pretty crowded, especially upstairs. But upstairs is the place to be. Though it was a tad chilly, we were appropriately dressed since we had just come from the Cosmo ice rink. Also, they do have space heaters (perhaps in response to an earlier Yelp review?)The drinks I tried were interesting. I can't give them the nod over Vanguard or DCR, but at $7-8 a pop, they are well-priced. The wait staff is super friendly too. I'll definitely return to hang out some more and try their other concoctions.
2	It is what it is.. but I'm not impressed. Over priced everything, hyped up and I believe already losing interest among the people that dig hanging on East Fremont... at least a few that I have spoken to. Maybe I'm wrong, would be nice to be wrong about this one, because it is a great looking space, and another comfy spot to chill down in the area is always a welcome thing. Alongside that, I think more establishments could benefit from a second level outdoor area as Commonwealth has incorporated. That alone gets it two stars.. I just do not like the idea of 'Strip Prices' on East Fremont.. I paid $22 for 2 basic drinks. Nothing fancy, bourbon and coke. I enjoy the area, and I hang there alot.. but this one needs some work in my opinion. I hope it gets better.
5	I'm kinda in love with this place. I'm not usually a bar goer. Bars play loud music and give me social anxiety, plus people smoke in bars in this city. yes, commonwealth has loud music, but the music doesn't suck too much, and I could still talk to my friends without screaming. But what makes Commonwealth a winner is definitely their cocktails. Oh my gosh... they are incredible. My friends and I sampled several- I don't remember all their names, so excuse me if i get them wrong-the Dude...s omething something... don't remember- it's basically a white russian but it's ALL alcohol. It's one of the best drinks i've ever tasted.Little Hot Mess- This was a fruitytastic drink. I thought it tasted like sweet tarts. My friend thought it tasted like pez. After i ordered one, we all got a round. They were fan flipping tastic. Nice to meet you (something like that)- For me, this was my favorite. This was a coconutty cinnamony drink. Really superb.They also make a spectacular sidecar here as well.We enjoyed sitting inside, but it was a little dark.. it was hard to read the cocktail menu without using our cellphones. The outside roofdeck however- fantastic. They have space heaters up there so it's not too cold. Loved drinking out there though, it was wonderful. I hope they add more seating though, but my friends and I managed to find a table and chairs. Drinks aren't too expensive- cocktails start at 8 dollars and they're not too tiny either. I seriously can't wait to come back to this place. Plus all the waitresses were very, very pretty.
4	Sweet new concept to join the East Fremont family of 5-star bars! While this is only a 4-star review, I'm hoping / expecting it to be bumped up to 5 after I do a bit more socializing downtown at Commonwealth.I'm digging the 2-stories. It's always a pleasure to get some fresh air after a few drinks and for the patio to be on the second-floor is even better. To be honest, I like the upstairs feel. It's not as loud as the main room downstairs (indoors), there's more light, and when it gets frigid cold outside they've got heaters ready to go.  Decor is awesome. It gives you that old school Prohibition-era feel. For a bar to be dated so far back in American history and still be hip is actually pretty interesting. They modernized it with some quirky art pieces, i.e., peacocks and mustachios. The bar stools and other seating are pretty comfortable. Comfortable and stylish. You definitely feel a bit cooler hanging out in this joint.I promise I'm not biased. Commonwealth is partly owned by the owners of Vegas Seven. And while I love love love WENDOH, Commonwealth on its own is a totally unique (and awesome) new watering hole. The only downfall was my drink. I ordered the Liberal Lady off the "Wealth" menu: WT American Honey, chartreuse, lemon juice, egg white, and a prosecco float. It sounds unique, interesting, and offbeat. But I feel like my bartender had a heavy hand with the chartreuse because it really overpowered the drink. I'll have to try a few more of their cocktails to get a better idea if they can truly shake a shaker. Check out the "Fancy Beers" menu for beer cocktails or go for their selection of draft or bottled beers. (They're throwing an 'End of the World' party on the night before 12/20 that will unveil the La Fin du Monde beer on tap at midnight.)
1	Great venue! Terrible pricing and service! Hopefully this place will loose some business an humble up. Your in downtown in Las Vegas... I won't be back for awhile
5	Awesome new spot. Another place that makes me wish I lived closer to downtown. Very hip and urban feel with cool decor and I believe the best dressed people in downtown Vegas. The rooftop patio is pretty sweet and a nice getaway from the action downstairs. A bit on the pricey side... paid $15 for two beers on tap.Go check this place out! Great addition to the Downtown bar scene.
4	Quick update.As I said I would update my review after another outing to Commonwealth, I am doing just that. I came here with a group of friends for the festivities of a birthday party. We snagged a booth with ottoman seating for our group and awaited drinks from a cocktail server. She was compliant with our needs, but service was kind of slow. I ordered the "Little Hot Mess", which was a stellar drink. Sweet for sure and easy to drink. This night there was quite a mix of people. I saw business men, young collegeish looking men, young ladies in mini skirts and high heels, as well as some hipster looking folk. Needless to say the bar attracts quite a crowd.I'm holding on at 4 stars mainly because it is a GOOD bar, but still, it's a bar. The drink prices are a bit high for typical shots and beers, even though I think their mixed drink prices are reasonable. I'm only saying this because a friend of our party ordered PBR and they charged him $7. HUH?! Yes. That's just silly.
3	My overall experience here was good, not phenomenal. Lets face it, it's a beautiful venue... Very urban San Francisco like, that I loved. But the very first impression apart from the building itself was the bouncer. He was very rude. I understand he probably deals with a lot of bs being its downtown and all but when a group of very well dressed young girls approaches, no need to be anything but nice. I was also very bummed the 2nd story (a rooftop balcony) was closed. When I asked one of the bartenders why, she shrugged & said "because it's a slow night I guess" when I also asked a different female bartender if they had wine she had no clue. Then I proceeded to ask her if they had Chopin (due to my gluten allergy I can only have potato vodka) & she had no idea what that was. A bartender named Vinny intervened and made me my usual Chopin & water. He took care of my group the rest of the night & was very helpful. You can obviously tell the majority of the staff was hired for their looks not their skills. Once they weed out the bimbos I'm sure they will do much better.  The bar is absolutely stunning. With a very sleek look to it Commonwealth definitely sets itself apart from your average downtown bar. A lot of people are on here complaining about the prices... Honestly I think it's about time we had an upscale bar downtown. It's all apart of the revamping Zappos has brought to the area. Give this place some time to work out the kinks & I'm sure it will be a 5 star review the next time I come in.
4	Rooftop deck! What else is there to say? The service was good, the signature drinks were yummy, the venue was awesome.-1 star for the high prices and no happy hour.
4	Fun fun fun!!! The atsmophere here rocks! Dark woods and sparkling chandeliers bring a touch of elegance to downtown Las Vegas. It is hard to find a perfect Manhattan and theydo not disapoint!! The right amount of Vermouth and OF COURSE the right cherries!!! Very East coastish atsmpshere, but in a good way. The drink menu offers many options and look for this to be the newest hip hang out downttown! Would be five stars but the parking is kinda funky. The best bet is to valet at the El Cortez:)
5	This brand new bar in Downtown Las Vegas my already be my favorite place in town. The design is super cool, with a pre-prohibition era theme mixed in with some quirky twists, including weird art on the wall created by local artists, mismatched chandeliers hanging from exposed beams, lived-in looking seating, and beer taps topped with boxing gloves and tennis rackets.Their cocktail program is top-notch, as their mixologists know how to shake up great signature and classic cocktails, and they also pour a great selection of craft brews. They also have a rooftop patio, with excellent views of the neighborhood and the famous Vegas skyline. The staff is super cool, the crowd was eclectic, and the atmosphere was supremely chilled out on my first visit. I think I'm in love with Commonwealth already... and I'll be back for more fun as soon as possible.
4	Stopped in for a drink to celebrate my husband's birthday. Swank place, stunning really. They specialize in cocktails but offer a nice beer selection too. Pissing Boy was new to us and a real winner. Service was prompt and friendly. Drinks are pricey, but this is not your usual bar. The patio was closed for a private event. We will have to see that another time. A real nice addition to downtown.
4	Solid cocktails, solid atmosphere. I really enjoyed the Great Odin's Raven cocktail. Definitely head this direction if you are downtown.
4	I went to this speakeasy styled bar this past Friday night with high expectations. A destination stop along our downtown drinking trek of my fellow Masshole brother and I, we happened upon the C around 6pm to a flamboyant DJ playing forgettable tracks. Not a good start. The adorable waitresses seemed understaffed for the crowd on hand, but reinforcements soon arrived. The interior of the C is impressive, and worth the visit alone. Saw my share of "first dates" this night. Beautiful, tall, raven haired cocktail server arrived as we were leaving.... never have had much luck downtown. I ordered a Jameson's infused drink called "Men in Tights" that was nothing special. Stick to the classics folks.... Beer/Wine/ and shots. Remember to tell bartender, "Ted Williams is better than Mickey Mantle" and that will earn you a free Patron shot. Stay thirsty my friends!
4	Commonwealth is a bar that transports you from the cliches of Vegas life, and takes you to a different realm. Upon walking into Commonwealth, you'll notice unique photos, and a dark, but trendy interior. When I looked inside, I remember thinking that it looked almost like a small bar that you would find in LA or Brooklyn, but definitely not Vegas! Their speakeasy room is also very small and intimate. It keeps the same demeanor as the front area(including the same art style and lighting), but adds a sense of excitement as well. I won't go into detail about that though. Gotta keep it a secret ;). Although I did not have a chance to grab a drink there, the interior design blew me away by itself. Next time I feel like having a drink, I'll be sure to go to Commonwealth first.
3	It's in a perfect location and has great decor.  I love that you can go on the roof.  That will be awesome in the spring and summer.  It's kind of a hassle getting in there especially if you're a guy, and the bouncers have a tendency to be rude.  The drinks are a little too expensive for me ($8 for a beer ...) so I usually get my drinks somewhere else then stop by Commonwealth for the cool vibe.
3	Not so bad. Drinks are cheap and there was no entrance fee when I came, so that's great. Music was ok and tables and chairs were typical in quantity. Not a bad place to go to. Oh, and there's no dance floor. I'd come back.
5	As locals, we believe it's important to support our local economy and the work being done to revive Vegas' original downtown area.  They've done a great job creating an area perfect for pub crawls, so we decided to imbibe and enjoy the local scene.Living in Vegas, I've always wondered why there aren't more outdoor bars.  Commonwealth created a very nice vibe in the rooftop bar, complete with flaming 7 foot heaters, couches, chairs, coffee tables, and a DJ elevated about 7 feet off the ground.DJ mixed in old school Michael Jackson with some new vibes and we danced and laughed and danced some more!
3	Yes, the decor is absolutely gorgeous, very unique, and downright cool.  But this bar scares me, and I'll tell you why:  I don't want my downtown to turn into the Strip.Three pints of Killian's and a well vodka+diet set us back $34.  That's not bad, for the Strip.Cocktail waitress completely ignored our table, so we went to the bar and got the drinks ourselves.  That's not a big deal, on the Strip.I want to support any business that comes to East Fremont, but I just can't get behind places that don't understand that difference between downtown and the Strip.
5	One of the newer bars in downtown Vegas, Commonwealth is not a spot that I would necessarily visit upon first glance. Don't get me wrong, it's beautiful inside with chandeliers and a sexy, library vibe. There are quite a few bars like this in the Bay Area, nothing terribly unusual. What really turned me off is the amount of the Chad-like dudes walking in with deep V tees and girls with big boobs/two-toned hair/facial piercings. It's loud in there, too! Guess that's just how people roll in Las Vegas, huh?Anyhoo, we were lucky enough to bypass the riff raff altogether and get a sneak peek of The Laundry Room, a secret bar within. AKA, a speakeasy. Normally I would groan and roll my eyes, as speakeasies are *so* 2009. However, never doubt the pageantry of Vegas. This one is legit.First off, they don't crowd the room with just anyone. Reservations are required, so even if you lurk near the entrance, chances are you won't get in. When we were there at 11:30 on a Saturday night, there were only about 6-8 other lucky patrons inside. Intimate without being creepy, music that's not harming your eardrums and the same, chic ambiance as the rest of the joint. Plus, they have their own private restroom so no need to exit, then re-enter. Lovely!Bartenders here know how to make a drink, no joke. The menu itself (with beautiful photography btw) is fairly lengthy so there should be something for anyone. And if you don't like the pre-selected cocktails, the 'tenders can whip up something special. My vote? Classic St Germain champagne cocktail, with elderflower liqueur, bubbly, a splash of club soda and lemon peel. Was slightly little nervous ordering from a bartender I didn't know, but she made it perfectly without any directions necessary. God Bless! She also threw together a Penicillin, a pretty obscure drink IMHO. We even had the chance to visit with our new favorite drink slinger and she was awesome! Could hold her own against any of the mixologists in SF any day... probably better!Just like any other swanky joint in Vegas, drinks here are a bit pricey. But hey, what do you expect from a private room, private bartender, high quality beverages and good company? Definitely in my Top 5 Vegas nightlife experiences... not terribly wild per se, but classy all the way!
4	Commonwealth is one of those bars that you're either going to really love or really going to hate because there is a scene. What that scene is, is that of your average downtown hipster: same hair, same ironic glasses, just a little older, a little more likely to turn their nose at non-craft beer and willing to pay more than $6 for a PBR.That being said, I like this bar. I really, really like this bar because I like people watching and I like drink menus that have silly names on them. Great Odin's Raven? SIGN ME UP. I don't remember what's in it, but any bar that isn't above making an Anchorman reference is OK in my book. The menu here is really unique, and is broken down by shots, hot drinks (only served on the patio upstairs), classics (like side cars and Manhattans) and another category I can't remember. They use a lot of alcohols that I can't pronounce or haven't heard of, but I've yet to have a bad or poorly mixed cocktail here, and in my two visits, I've had a lot to drink here. The bartender made me a mean French 75 on my first visit here which pretty gives them a place in my heart forever.I wouldn't call the decor cozy, but there are plenty of places to sit inside and outside on their rooftop patio/beer garden. The view up there is like none other, whether you like to see the neon from up top or you like to people watch-trust me, there is plenty to see. The outdoor seating is made bearable by heat lamps in the winter and like I mentioned, they serve drinks from their hot beverage menu outside.  The decor inside is a mix of funky modernism- big arm chairs, art that is probably too high brow for me on the walls, exposed beam ceilings. It's a pretty effortless look for a place like this, but you can tell they put a lot of attention into the detail. The drinks are relatively cheap as far as drinking in Las Vegas goes, so if you are looking for the $10 yardlong margarita experience then I beg you to turn away and head west on Fremont towards the bright lights and sensory overload experience you are seeking. Beers are a little more pricey than your average bar and when some guy ordered a Coors light the bartender practically laughed in his face and said "We don't serve that here." Ok, I laughed too.As mentioned, there is a certain crowd that comes here and I'll leave it at that-if you've been downtown, you know. If you haven't, well it's best that you just come down and take a look for yourself. Commonwealth is a great place to grab a drink, feel a little fancy and scope out the scene.
4	I've been waiting for this new place to open since spotting its construction phase.  Finally had a chance to check it out last night on a first Friday since it's the only time I go to downtown LV.I was kinda intimidated at first since I'm not really used to seeing people in downtown all dressed up fancy and $hit. I felt under dressed but hey it's downtown.  Who dresses up to go here? I was really impressed though with the decor of this place, from the "postered" up wall, chairs, chandelier and so on. And damn,  people here are good looking.  Never been in a place where my neck went sore from turning heads from these stylish attractive ladies and no homo but the guys here are good looking too, haha. My friend Morgan was the Dj that night too, spinning all the great underground hiphop with beats that got everyone vibe''n and getting down on the dance floor.  One thing I didn't like though was the drinks here were expensive, something you'd expect from the strip and not downtown LV. Ordered my first organic beer (Samuel Smith) apricots which deducted $13 bucks from my already light wallet that night.  Gotta admit, best beer I've ever tasted though.I'll definitely come back here again though and dressed up all stylish next time.  Overall, I recommend this to everyone who hasn't been here yet.
4	Yes, there is definitely a "scene" to this bar.  I'm not sure I'm a big fan of the crowd, but for some reason I still really like coming here.  I've been there twice now and both times had a great time.  The drinks are a bit spendy, but that's expected with the revamp of the downtown scene.  The decor is swanky and cool, with the downstairs having windows and good lighting, opposite of its neighbor, the Griffin, which is dark and cut off from the outside world once you get in.  Commonwealth also has a rooftop bar, which I can see being extremely popular when the weather is nice.  We hung out up there for a little bit even though it was freezing.  They have heat lamps that are completely useless as they are 8 feet tall and an average height girl like me couldn't feel any of the heat coming out of them.  Overall, I like this place and would definitely go back.
5	Commonwealth reminds of a hipster bar you would typically find in San Francisco. We hung out in the second floor patio area where it overlooks the El Cortez sign and its associated sign that says gambling. There were numerous heat lamps on the 2nd floor as it was freezing outside. I love the glasses that they use here. They are essentially the lower half of wine bottles re-purposed for our drinking pleasure. The staff especially our waitress that was really nice. I forgot her name but this really nice waitress had piercings on her face. I was pleasantly surprised to encounter a bar such as this one in the downtown area. I believe this bar is a great alternative to the club/bar scene on the strip as it is much less pretentious. Also, at least the alcohol pricing is reasonable. In addition, get here early! I noticed that there was a long line to this place as we were departing from this bar.
4	Oooo new trendy bar in downtown? of course justin's been there..So yeah I guess alot of people have mentioned that it has a bit of scene or whatever you wanna call it but its really all the same to me. I can see the people hanging out at any one of the East Fremont bars ending up here or else where. They all the bars really just seem the same to me, but I like them all so its ok.First thing you will notice is that the place is pretty big, 2 full floors, 2 bars, plenty of space. Griffin, Beauty Bar, they all get pretty crowded but this place gives you space to move around and check it out. The decor is pretty cool, its got that eclectic/old world charm thing going on. The drinks were pretty over-priced, $9 for a Blue Moon? fml but I can't complain because I expected it. The roof top area is pretty nice, it has a 'view' of East Fremont which isn't much but its cool to check it out. Its been pretty packed lately, but the hype will die down soon like it did at the other bars when a new spot opens up. Yeah there are alot of pretentious 'artists' inside but really who cares? I mean what did you expect when come here lol.
3	As everyone has mentioned, the decor and layout is pretty cool. I really like the upstairs area, however they close it at midnight or something stupid like that on the weekends.The drinks are a little steep. They're on par with Insert Coins price point but the beer selection is way better. WARNING: BE SURE TO ASK HOW MUCH A BOTTLE COSTS BEFORE YOU BUY IT!!!   A friend paid $16 for a Smithwicks. Total bullshit, even for a bar. UPDATE: They fixed their beer prices to match The Park So their list of craft cocktails. I have yet to experience one I like or one that is  consistent. This leads me to the believe their staff hiring policy is completely looks based and not on ability. Wait staff & bar-backs, that's GREAT! Charging me $12 for a cocktail? That "mixologist" (using this term loosely here) can look like mongolied sloth for all I care, he better be able to mix a GOOD drink. I'm not talking strong. I mean a well blended, even balanced, filled properly drink (to the tippity top! Indicator of a even pour). They are all so inconsistent that I don't ever bother buying a cocktail which is where they make the most $$These guys are all over the place and can't mix a drink if their life depended on it. But  hey! They'll look pretty or handsome while screwing it up.Oh! One last thing, I'm really sick of the security staring me down every time me and my girlfriend are in there.You can be a security guard and not intimidate your customers. I thought it was just me but every time I bring someone here an un-provoked comment is made about the roid-rage  arms crossed brow furrowed guy wandering the floor. Loosen up man! A bar is supposed to be inviting place.
3	If you thought Vegas was dripping with sex before Commonwealth opened you were looking for a lot of flesh and skank.   Commonwealth is all about the swank!It is a hip, trendy, San Francisco meets Portland in a lost era kind of place... accomplished by way of art, chandeliers, stylish seating...and many more positive aesthetics. Great selection of craft beer and classic cocktails, but they also have usuals to keep the less finicky drinker happy.  There is a cool upstairs patio when the weather is nice, and a beautiful open feel downstairs.The bar goes a little over the top via the use of beer tap handles that are forced to stand out as common items that were lying around, but in actuality are rather contrived...though some of the clientele fit this description as well.They are doing a whole lot right here...I would come back with a group, but it's not the type of place that I seek out regularly as it generates a feel and atmosphere that I am not all that into.3.5 Stars!
2	I know everyones raving about this place- but it was just too "hipster" for my blood. Don't get me wrong, the environment/setting was pretty cool but it  was nothing other than a small version of The Artisan.The crowd, although mixed, was predominately young. Everyone looked and dressed like a scene from that HBO series "Girls" or some fancy New York style vibe.  I guess I'm not ready for the NY vibe to take over down town PLUS the drinks were over priced and low quality. And why was there a line and cover to get in?? Meh.
5	Hippy-Hip-Hipster in swanky speakeasy-ville.. These are the words that come to mind when describing Commonwealth.This joint truly is a throwback to old NYC or Chicago underground bars with secret poker rooms.  Exposed brick and pipework, vintage decor, it's definitely a classy joint but in the mobster kind of way.  You certainly feel like you have stepped back in time here (aka: I'm in love with the place).My first experience with Commonwealth was superb, no line, a table seemingly made for our party, attentive wait staff and deliciously strong beverages.  I'm not certain I will attend this venue on First Friday or any other hoppin weekend event because I hear the line is outrageous, but I will grace the venue with my presence should my nights start out early enough to grab a drink or two there before the madness ensues.I'm not so much a fan of popular trends or kitschy places but it's really hard to deny that Commonwealth is a really super fantastic place to be.
5	I could give this place 5 stars based on the decor alone. I love it. But the bartenders were friendly and attentive and the drinks were good so I believe it is justified.
2	FINALLY, a place for hipster wannabes from Assfucklandia to circle jerk!!!  It's ABOUT FUCKING TIME I was able to overspend for a drink and mingle with douchenozzles in ascots and Morrissey glasses...what took you so long, downtown Vegas?! Is there any way I can get a punchcard -- mortgage your house 10 times to buy drinks, get one percentage point free? Where do I sign up?????I'm on the fence about all this downtown boosterism, but on the whole, progress is good... so I went in to support the new local bar. Sure, it SCREAMS douchetown from the outside...but I did go in with an open mind, I swear.I bit my tongue while navigating the thug mooks manning the velvet rope out front (!). I bit it again when I shelled out $10 for a drink that costs 1/3 that right across the street. But after hanging out at this place for 3 hours, I ain't biting it no more.So many annoying things about this place. There are these weird sort of security-types loitering around inside who can't/won't answer your simplest questions. The whole fuckin' reason I went here was to check out the upstairs patio, but it was closed. Why? No one knew. I wanted to order one of the hot drinks that are labeled "upstairs" drinks, so wanted to know if they were available though the patio is closed. No one knew. Finally found out from the waitress that they were NOT available, so ordered one of their corny specialty drinks...and it was served incomplete, without the special garnish that is an INTEGRAL PART of the drink. If you're gonna charge exorbitant prices for "mixology" drinks, at least make 'em right!! The other annoying aspect is the music -- it's so LOUD! My vocal chords were seriously strained after spending a couple hours here, trying to chat with my date. And that was before the DJ even started up!Speaking of the DJ, he was the only cool thing about this joint. I expected a douchey hipster type, but he turned out to be an awesomely frumpy older dude with a beer gut, Coke-bottle glasses and stringy, balding hair. He looked more like a children's party clown/secret child molester than your average DJ, and for that I give him MAJOR props.I actually do genuinely love this bar.......because it keeps all the pretentious assholes in one place, so I don't have to deal with them elsewhere on Fremont St.  So enjoy that $10 jizz fizz, asswad -- I'll be across the street. I'd rather drink among degenerate bluehairs in a smoke-filled casino bar ANY DAY! Hell, I'd rather drink Thunderbird out of a paper bag in the old Ambassador parking lot with that Santa Claus wino....GUARANTEED to be more fun than shouting til your vocal chords are raw with the stuck-up asswads in Commonwealth!
4	Great downtown bar! Awesome music! Good looking people. Drinks are pricey for downtown vegas though...
4	This is a great new bar downtown.  The drinks are great and love the decor.  Can't wait until it's warm enough outside to sit out on the roof deck.
3	Wow, this place seems to be pretty polarizing based on the previous reviews.I knew before even walking in that this probably was not my type of place...what the heck, I'm 4 months into a self imposed year of not saying no, so when some friends decided to go here last Friday night I just couldn't say no.I'm not sure what happened at the front door.  I handed my ID to the bouncer and he dropped it.  Not sure if this was a simple mistake or some sort of power trip thing.  Whateve, I wasn't about to pick it up, so yeah fool, you got tripped, power tripped!The place was fairly crowded and, as already mentioned, full of a fairly specific crowd.  I guess I'm just not that hip and I don't like feeling self conscious for wearing glasses, with actual corrective lenses.  The last thing I want to be mistaken for is some jobless trust fund hipster.  I hope the Steel Panther shirt I was wearing made it clear who I really am.I had the pleasure of not ordering the first round so I avoided what was probably over $50 for 4 drinks.  I did, however, pay $8 for a god damned Pyramid later on.  I'm not sure I understand what that's all about.  Their beer selection is good, with a lot of things that you won't see elsewhere downtown, but if I'm really craving a  Moose Drool, I can get it for less at Yard House.  We quickly made it upstairs where it was a little less crowed as the weather was kind of blah.  The overlook of Fremont is great and I'm sure it would be awesome up here in the spring/fall.  We were hanging out just to the left as you come upstairs.  This is also the location of the 'ring game' like they have at Margaritaville.  We started playing and drew the attention of the owner.  Okay, it was probably the female in our group that drew the attention, but he did come over and chat with us for a while.  This is where the three stars come in, he really seemed like a nice guy, and I know he doesn't personally select the people that come in here....that being said, the hipsters are still here and that means that I won't be.  I pray to god they hurry and open the Atomic back up!Some other friends of mine recently came here and had the displeasure of going into the speakeasy.  It sounded like nothing short of a disaster so I decided to just skip that altogether.In summary, I just can't see myself coming back in here, at least not on my own free will.  I've punched plenty of clock downtown and looking back on those experiences I can easily say that I've had WAY more fun drinking 24oz, 99cent cans of Genesee and eating fried twinkies than I will ever have drinking $8 beers out of a small mason jar.
3	Most stereotypical hipster place I have ever seen.  It was so stereotypical, it was comical.Fat Fleet Foxes-looking guys with beards and newsboy caps?  Check.Punky lesbians?  Check.Ironic lumber jack flannel shirts with suspenders?  Check.Fedoras and black horn rimmed glasses? Check.Here's me, dressed in a pretty lil number with my four galpals out for a friend's 30th birthday, and we felt soooooooo out of place.  It had a very "too cool for school" attitude about it.  The drinks, at $12 a pop, are Strip worthy prices, not Fremont prices.  If you want to revitalize downtown, you need to make it affordable and approachable to the locals who will frequent it.  The drink I had, "She's My Ride Home", was a version of a Moscow Mule, and it was nicely made....but I can get the same thing for $9 at Herbs and Rye.I'd like to try this place again and give it another chance.  Maybe in the spring when it is warmer and the second story balcony will be open.
4	I love that there is a cool new bar down on Fremont. One of my favorite things is there is NO SMOKING allowed in the bar, which is totally opposite of the other bars on Fremont. The vibe is cool but not too cool that you will feel out of place.  You will find quite a few hipsters, but overall the crowd is young and fun. The decor is vintage and chic and there is plenty of seating. The drinks were a  little bit pricey, one beer was $8 and mixed drinks were like $12. The service was okay, once it got crowded you definitely had to wait a few minutes for the bar tender to notice you and get a drink, but it wasn't too bad. There is an upstairs bar that is outside, but it is SO cold up there I usually end up  going back downstairs in like 5 minutes. The upstairs patio will be awesome once the weather gets warmer!And of course you can't forget about the "speakeasy". The hidden bar is small and only had room for about 15-20. It's a totally different vibe in the speakeasy..  I won't give it all away, you should go see it for yourself, but I will tell you, the drinks they serve are STRONG!Overall, I would definitely recommend this bar to my friends, every time I have been there has been a good time. Give it a try!
5	Downtown has definitely changed since I moved here ten years ago!  If you haven't been lately, you need to go, and don't miss Commomwealth!  Beautiful place with a great rooftop patio.  My friends and I really enjoyed it.
5	Gorgeous decor, with a super fun twenty-something crowd. This bar has two stories, the second which leads up to a rooftop patio overlooking part of Downtown LV. This music was a total mix of everything from the 80's, 90's, and modern day.I can't believe I've been missing out on Downtown LV's treasures like this one!! I will totally be back next time.
5	This place teeters on 5 stars and 4 stars for me.  There's a lot I like about Commonwealth, but I think long term it may be doomed.The first time I went here was awesome.  Good crowd, nice bartenders, and decent music.  I went back a second time and the bartenders were completely different and just not as friendly as the first batch.  I've probably been back 2 or 3 more times, and it seems like it's a different bar staff every time.  I like to get to know my bartenders, so this is not the best thing.  But they're all pretty friendly.I think the place could be a bit smaller.  It's just too big for the scene we have in Vegas.  Griffin can be too small at times, but this place often feels empty with the large downstairs PLUS upstairs.  Not sure if it's sustainable.
2	As soon as I walked in I could smell the pretentious attitude lingering all around. I walked in here for the first time with several of my friends after waiting in line for a short time. The place looks nice. Drinks are pricey. Whatever. It wasn't that big of a deal, but then... BUT THEN... the OWNER walks up to me and says I cannot use my vape indoors. *walks out*
5	We came here on a Thursday night around 8pm so it was busy but no where near packed. My boyfriend was definitely under dressed, we weren't exactly sure how to dress since it was our first time there and we hardly ever go into downtown. The bartender was nice and answered all our questions, she got our drinks promptly and didn't hover but still was attentive. We were only here for about 30 minutes because we had reservations for The Laundry Room (that review is coming) We would definitely come back, the drinks were reasonable I was expecting worse due to the other reviews. We spent $28 on 4 shots of tequila each shot a different kind of tequila. My only complaint was that they didn't have Don Julio behind the bar. I'm pretty sure we were the youngest people in the bar and considering I'm 24 it was nice not to have the freshly 21 yr olds yelling and acting like idiots, we never made it to the roof or patio so we will be returning when I'm not in uncomfortable heels.
4	This was a cool bar, very neat atmosphere and places to sit and chat. The rooftop bar was open with heaters to keep us warm while we hung out. Big down side is the cost of drinks...$8 for a pint of PBR! As long as you have plenty of disposable cash, this is a great place to go.
4	I just recently made a trip DT to check out Vegas Streets (It's been a while) and decided to go to Commonwealth since I had not been there yet. I've heard such great things about it - rooftop deck, great art, nice environment. Well, all rumors were true. Loved the place. Loved the decor, a little more upscale than the typical DTLV crowd I'm used to. Felt more like a Downtown Cocktail room crowd, which I actually enjoyed the people a little more. Seemed more like hipsters with their shit together. Unlike, the younger crowds who venture to the bars next door. (Don't get me wrong, I'm still in that age demographic who would be next door, but I've just grown out of the stage of not having my own personal space at bars) It was still early in the night, so perhaps that is not normal there. For all I know, the place could get uncomfortably cramped as the night grows.My group grabbed some drinks from the bar on the roofdeck. Everyone bought beers except for me. I wanted to try a house drink. I ordered the "Men in Tights" which is basically Jameson, lemon, honey and sweet vermouth. The girl had poured my drink and handed me a tiny cup filled pass the brim with ice. I looked in the unusually small cup and saw that it was barely half full (including the ice) I was a little more than disappointed when seeing that, because I did not think I had ordered a shot, but an actual house specialty beverage. They should have at least filled the tiny cup up! My boyfriend leaned over as he saw me eyeing the liquid and said, "Guess you only get half a drink here" Maybe next time I should order a beer. They do have a great selection to choose from.We sat down at one of the tables that overlooked East Fremont St. I took a sip of my half filled cup, and yum! That drink was delicious. I will say that it does taste a lot like a sweet tea. After taking a few sips, I realized it is definitely a sipper due to the sweetness of the honey, but it was delicious. So overall, I was very impressed with Commonwealth, and if any of the bars DTLV, that will be my first choice to return too.
2	This a brand new bar and a solid addition to Fremont East. Sitting on the corner of Fremont and 6th.Walking in, the bar was slammed, but it was beautiful. Definitely adds a splash of class and swank to my beloved Fremont East.bA spacious spread with very 1920s decor. Seating is limited. This bar is new and there is a GREAT buzz occurring there. This place is spacious (which is only enjoyed when the place isn't busy) and has an open air rooftop, where there is an additional bar and semi-cool view of downtown. This place is really all about the accents, chandliers, and ultra-mod decor. You'll be considered in the know if you know about the ultra private and exclusive Laundry Room.The setbacks are how overpriced drinks are, the excessive long lines, that lack of wiggle room once inside because it's packed to gills, a piss poor layout. I expect this shit at a club. Fremont East is not a classy spot. It's hip and trendy and that sums up what the Commonwealth is trying to do.
4	I was surprised at how spacious it was for a downtown bar; high ceilings on the first floor and a rooftop bar too from what I hear (I didn't make it upstairs). The decor is really nice; sort of urban chic with exposed beams and hanging lights. It's got lots of different seating arrangements, so there are options no matter what the size of your group. I'm a really big fan of the fact that it's smoke free!The cocktail menu there was definitely interesting and very reasonably priced; much better than I would have expected given how nice the place is and it's location. Cocktails were on average about $10 which is very fair, but a straight Jameson was also $10 which doesn't make a lot of sense. The staff was all very nice; all the bartenders were friendly and eager to help. The people there seemed pretty nice too, but I hear from trusted friends that it can get a little douchey on the weekend when it's less of a locals crowd. I'm looking forward to going back again to see for myself though and I'm hopeful that this bar will be my new favorite stop on Fremont.
4	I've lived in Vegas all of my life, and have been hating downtown with a passion since I was a child.  When my father called me and told me to meet him at 6th and Fremont at 9:30, I was pretty upset about where our meeting seemed to be going.  I was pleasantly surprised once I entered the bar, finding dim lighting, dark woods, and eye capturing art as well as great drinks.  Love the ambience and drinks...hate the general area of town.  I'll definitely be coming back even if I hate paying the meters to get there.
3	Go to DTLV or Fremont, check your Yelp friend's check in's and it's almost guaranteed that on a Thursday, Friday, and/or Saturday that at least 2 of them are at the Commonwealth.  This equals good spot for drinks and and to chill. The Commonwealth in DTLV is a now a common meet up spot for most locals.  This bar/lounge offers a different type of setting then your usual out here like the Griffin, Downtown Cocktail, Insert Coins, and the  Vanguard. I actually like the ambiance at the Commonwealth and if you get a little stuffy, you can also migrate upstairs to their outdoor patio.  Big plus, tons of beautiful people out here. Drinks are average to your strip prices, California bar scene, and strip clubs. For someone coming out to Vegas to party, they would never know the difference. For someone like me who doesn't hit the bar scene too much anymore and prefer comp drinks in a casino, this is my biggest issue. $20 for two drinks.  Other lounges in downtown are definitely cheaper.  I'm a fan, but still prefer Downtown Cocktails or even Bar & Billiards.  I'm sure to take a few out of town friends here in the future for the ambiance alone.  Besides, they wouldn't know the difference in price anyways.  It's "Vegas Baby" to them.
3	The character and decor alone get this spot 5 stars and then the beer prices, floor plan and noise level knock it down a few. CW is a nice addition to Fremont East and the staff that I dealt with was actually pretty cool. I arrived just after 10 on Saturday night. There was a short line outside that moved quickly. A good amount of people were already crowded around tables and the seats were full but it was by no means "packed." Fast forward a few hours to around midnight. The people standing 2 and 3 deep at the bar waiting for drinks were backed up against the people seated and standing around the long table in the middle of the room. There was no traffic flow and everyone was at a stand-still. A good bar with a good floor-plan, has good traffic flow. It took me a while to make my way to the restroom and when I did manage to fight my way through the crowd there was a line out the door. Chatting with all the other inebriated ladies waiting to pee is always a good time but a line that snakes outside the bathroom door, I can do without. The beer is far from cheap and I am, after all, a beer girl. The drinks looked yummy and the cocktail people in our group seemed to be enjoying them. They do offer lots of good choices in the way of beer. Lots of draft and bottles that you may not find at other bars in the area. It's great for me because I prefer to pay a little more money for craft brew or imports than to save a few bucks choking down domestic "bud lights." Having said that...$10 for a 12oz bottle of moose drool, wtf? At Total Wine in Boca Park a 6pk of Moose Drool is $7.99. I get up-charging for alcohol in bars and restaurants. You have to pay more to have a drink with friends in a fun social setting. You pay for the service, the company, the music and the ambiance. I get that. What I don't get is charging $10 for a single 12oz  bottled beer that retails for $1.35. This is Vegas but Commonwealth is not a Strip property.  We're on Fremont for Pete's sake. There is a food truck parked right outside and a wino dressed like santa sitting on the curb. Drop the pretense.Apparently, from the looks of the crowd and the line outside, I'm the only one who thinks the beer is expensive, unless everyone else is ordering cocktails. It's a popular spot filled with hip patrons. I did have a good time. I did enjoy the smoke free air, which is also important to me. I love going to new places and will probably return. I know what to expect and this joint is slightly better than OK.
5	I was really underdressed when I came in with my girlfriend. However the service was great and the staff was friendly. It wasn't crazy loud like most bars or clubs and to top it off you can't smoke inside which is amazing for someone like me who just recently quit. I approve of this place and recommend that others come here as we'll.
1	BE CAREFUL, BEWARE ETC. ETC. So I dropped in to this joint and I really dug the vibe, the art, and the people. Went up to the bar upstairs and ordered two rum and cokes and a vodka soda. One friend handed me cash and the bartender saw the cash in my hand and said drinks would be $37.00! I thought that was high so i asked her to repeat herself again she said $37.00. 2nd friend said she didn't have cash so she would pay the whole thing on her card and I could give her the cash.  The bartender got all weird and when getting the receipt to sign we realized what was up. The drinks were only $24.00!!!!!!!!! Bitch was trying to tip herself $13.00. If you go here be careful you don't get ripped off too.
4	Vegas' answer to a hipster speakeasy. On a Wednesday night it was pretty much empty so we saddled up to the bar and decided to try out some of their speciality cocktails. The bartender was friendly and helpful and poured us some pretty tasty concoctions. I could see this place becoming farely douchey on the weekends thanks to the crowds, but on a quiet Wednesday night it suited us just fine and was a nice change from your typical Vegas joint. Big bonus points for not smelling like an ashtray when you walk out the door.
2	STUPID EXPENSIVE Yes, I get it, you serve draft beer in a mason jar, wearing pin stripes & suspenders and everything has an Olde Tyme name. It's really cool for about 10 minutes. Stop here for one ($8-10) beer. That is about how long it will take to appreciate the decorations, get what they are trying to do, get tired of it, and head back out. It is "neat" at best. The staff is friendly and the layout in nice, BUT NOTHING justifies the high prices for the only average selection. The primary demographic who will find this interesting will not keep the doors open with their PBR purchases. I will return to see how they address these and other concerns I have. With a few tweaks, this can be a really great place to spend an evening. As it stands, there is some work to be done if you'd like repeat business. Prove me wrong.
3	I like Common Wealth. It's a rad looking bar, super classy. I've heard some people say the door guy Adam with a bunch of tattoos was rude to them, but I have more tattoos than him so of course he showed me respect, that's how us tat folks are. Real recognize real.Drinks are a bit pricey, so you cheap dudes should cruise down to beauty bar.
4	This is a nice, hip spot with a rooftop patio far from The Strip in downtown Vegas. The chandeliers and otherwise rustic interior made me feel like I was at a Rainey Street bar in Austin, which is a good thing. (Plus they have Lagunitas IPA on tap!) Bloody Mary fans beware: they don't make 'em!
1	I don't even want to give this place one star, but if I don't, my review will probably get filtered.  I didn't even purchase any drinks so I can't comment on their price/quality, but the service alone makes it the one place downtown that I would never step foot in again.    I heard it was douchebag central before I went and I have to say I agree.  I was looking forward to seeing a show there, but that never happened. Some guy who is friends with the owner grabbed my boyfriend's arm and said "Excuse me!" and my boyfriend looks at him and says "You're excused." So the guy points at the beefy security guards to throw my boyfriend out of the door for being a "smartass."  You don't throw people out for that, especially when he didn't start the whole thing.  You kick people out for being drunk and disorderly, which my boyfriend was neither.  When he tried to come back to get me, that is when one of the bouncers pushed him so hard he almost fell over.  And they wouldn't let me exit the same way, so I had to go all the way around to meet him in the back.  If you want to be treated like shit, be all means go to this place.  It's not chill, cool, classy or anything else people have been hyping it up to be.  I predict it won't be around for long.
4	HIPSTER CENTRAL!! Well, I guess the entire length of that street is.. but it was cool.  Came in on a packed Friday night and quickly went to get myself a beer.  I liked the interior of the bar with all of the interesting art and tap handles but it took me no less than 10 minutes to make my way up to the roof!  Just as packed upstairs as it was inside, I was warmly greeted by not only the space heaters but some sweet indie jams and mashups.  Also greeted by way too many people wearing sunglasses at 1130pm but I didn't get the memo so I remained 'shade-less' for the night.  Beers were a bit pricey but I made sure to hit some of the craft beers on tap while I listened on with my group of friends.  About an hour in, someone hit the trap music button in the DJ booth and it was bass bumpin' electronic noises for the rest of the night.  It was kind of cool to look over the edge of the building and see people in line waiting to get in jammin' out to the music from above, right where I was standing.  I could also see the length of the rest of hipster Fremont and I had a blast people watching all night.Not too shabby for a newcomer in downtown LV.  If the beers/drinks were a little bit cheaper, you would definitely find me here more often.  Until next time Commonwealth!
5	Best bar in town. Great atmosphere, great staff, no hassles getting in or out. Only problem is seating: plenty of space and that's great if you have a table since you're not packed in like sardines, but I wish there were more tables. Although then I guess I'd be complaining about there not being enough space for the tables instead soooo....Great place!
5	I love this place!  The atmosphere is awesome, never spent much time inside the building always go straight to the rooftop bar.  Less crowded and a lot more fun.  The bartenders are friendly and you can smell the amazing Thai Food from the downstairs Thai restaurant.
3	Came back here under extreme duress from some new friends on a First Friday night.  Not quite sure what happened at the door, someone dropped a name and all of us were in without having to wait.  The line looked crappy and the cover charge was $10.  Cool.  We went upstairs immediately and it was on.  The DJ spun top 40 all night with lots of anthems so there was plenty of rump shaking, etc.  It almost felt like being at Studio 54 in 2002.  One big party!The nice thing about the overpriced drinks is that if you're cheap like me you probably aren't going to have that many, thus reducing your need to go downstairs to pee and then wait in line again just to get back upstairs.  What a joke.  Somehow a few the peeps in my party had wrist bands that got you back upstairs without having to wait so I just piggy backed onto that.Overall this night was much better than my previous visit.  Just spend your drink money somewhere else first and them come over here to enjoy the great outdoors upstairs.I posted a pic (don't mind my dirty fingernail!) of the "House Rules" for the Laundry Room, their super exclusive hoity toity speakeasy.  Whoever wrote this self absorbed shit list needs to check themselves.  Just stupid.
4	For the Las Vegas locals...Didn't pay cover, but drink prices are high (shouldn't it be cheaper than the Strip?).Come here if you want to avoid all the tourists and if you don't feel like dressing up to go out and drink.
4	This place is great.  New bar on Fremont and 6th street.  Very modern and classy. Always seems to be busy, but a nice crowd, not too rowdy.  Open spaces with a lot of seating, there is also a second floor that is set up like a rooftop bar.  Reminds of some bars in San Francisco.  Casual dress code, good for after-hours.  The second floor is good to meet with some friends to discuss business.  Great drink menu that hits the spot.  A little pricey, but it's worth the extra buck for the ambiance.
4	I came here for the first time shortly after opening night, and I was really pleased with a lot of things about this bar.  It's location, it's decor, and a few of its unique characteristics have enticed me into returning many times since its opening.First, its located in downtown east Fremont st, a new hub of independent bars rivaling for the attention of the Vegas nightlife.  I've been a supporter of this area for years - since it was just two or three lonely bars on a nearly deserted street corner.  Since then, its exploded into a culture scene for those looking to avoid the small culture and high drink prices of the strip.  The Commonwealth is a welcome addition here.It's exterior and interior are really unique, and a high selling point for the bar.  When inside or outside on the patio upstairs, you don't necessarily feel like you're in Las Vegas at all.  Just a really cool pub.  The photos on the walls, the paint and furniture, and even the peacock them all over the wallpaper, really bring this pubs classic feel together.That brings up the patio - one of the bars best attributes!  It features a large outdoor patio with its own bar that overlooks East Fremont.  You can party with your friends and have some entertainment watching those below.  It really increases the bars draw.Another plus is its speakeasy hidden inside, which really offers a unique experience.  There's only one major negative - its large crowd.  This can sometimes be a good thing, with a happening crowd having a great time and creating a wonderful party atmosphere.  But this can also be a bad thing.  On one Friday night, there was a DJ indoors that attracted a very sketchy crowd that didn't seem to fit the bars vibe at all.  And there was a huge line out the door causing a lot of commotion.Still, overall, great place to hang out and a lot different than the strip atmosphere.
3	I like this place...quite a bit actually. But it is pricey. I see what they are trying to do here with the decor and the atmosphere and I think it is really wonderful. I'm actually very excited about having a "classier" place to go downtown but I really think they are alienating their demographic by having their drinks be just as expensive as on the strip. That or the only clientele they want are the people from Zappos. I'll probably go back but only for a drink or two before moving on elsewhere.
4	What a fresh new bar to compliment the downtown Fremont Street Experience!  Reminded me of a California vibe and maybe because the weather was so nice.  Unique and modern downstairs and an awsome outdoor second floor patio which has a bar, dance floor, seating and a live dj.  The place was full as it was a Saturday night and the music was amazing.  They were throwing out give aways into the crowd which was fun and got the crowd excited.  So yes I was rather pleased BUT here is my warning.  If you go upstairs and hang out up there and you and have to go to the bathroom beware!  The bathrooms are located on the first floor.  Due to some firecode which I totally respect (for our safety) they cannot just let people up and you are forced to wait in a line to get back up to the patio.  After being stuck and separated from my friends and drinkless I think I waited 15 minutes to rejoin my party.  Big fat bummer.  I feel bad for the guy because it seems everyone gets pissed at being in that situation.  You just assume you leave to use the restroom and return to your party ...not the case.  From that point on we decided to wait till we were ready to go to avoid the frutstration.  Thats my only complaint...an important one....but all in all thanks for the experience.  I cant wait to go back.....and I will use the restroom before I head to the top. hehe
1	The bartenders are horrible I need a flare gun to get service they spent more time on their phones than working I won't be back
4	I dig the decor, the drinks and the waitstaff; heck even the door guys.  I don't know what everyone is complaining about...the d-bag ratio seemed quite low if you ask me.  I didn't really care for the music selection but hey you can't please everyone.  I should note that their sound system (downstairs, never went upstairs) is horrible...some upgrades and EQ'ing are in order for sure!
4	Currently my favorite spot Downtown. Downstairs has a bit more of an upscale feel. Upstairs is more relaxed. The view upstairs is great. If it gets too cold, they bring out the heat lamps to keep you warm. A good mix of people. Not so trendy and hipster that I feel out of place, but not ratchet like Fremont West.Drinks are a bit expensive, but not terribly expensive. Cheaper than clubbing on the Strip, though more expensive than a usual locals spot. I'm not exactly sure what time they start charging cover, but I've never had to pay. Our usual plan is get to Downtown a bit early, get our reentry stamps from all the Fremont East bars we predict to visit, then have the freedom to barhop without paying cover later in the evening. Boozing on a budget.
3	Tough to write a review....I feel totally Jekyll and Hyde about this place.Let's start positive.  It's super cool in commonwealth.  It is sort of like hanging out in a swanky haunted mansion.  Neat art, cool furniture, chandeliers, awesome roof patio, bizarre beer taps and so on.  Excellent addition to making our downtown ultra SWANK.  The staff was very nice and friendly.  We commandeered a reserved table; the security gentleman told us we could sit there until the party arrived.  Thanks! That was very nice.  Alas, there are negatives too.  I was SO ready to wet my whistle with a banana bread beer.  They were out.  GRRRR!  I chose a substitution recommended by a bystander.  It was good.  I got my husband a flavored vodka on the rocks.  That'll be $14! OUCH!! That is too much! That is above and beyond strip prices.  Gimmee a break downtown.  You literally cannot hear or speak to people 10 inches from you because it is soooo loud.  Go check it out because it's cool but don't expect to socialize, and bring extra money!
5	With a super hip & trendy feel- The Commonwealth instantly became a favorite of mine.  From the drinks served in mason jars combined with glamorous vintage artistic decor-- it makes for a great place to enjoy. There is a weekend lineup of pretty good Djs and the patio is so much fun. You can go to party, chill with friends, or bring a client. Overall great, great place to be.
3	Maybe I'm not the best person to write a review about a bar, but what the heck.  I only really came here because it was my friend Noah R.'s birthday and his fiance wanted this to be the place to celebrate.  I'm one of those people who don't go to bars because: 1) I don't drink alcohol that much; 2) I go to bed earlier than most - I consider 10pm to be late; 3) I like to be able to hear what the person next to me is saying; 4) I don't like bars.  That being said, I have to say that Commonwealth is kind of cool.  It's got nice, cool decor, cool bathrooms, a cool upstairs patio where there are lots of cool people, and cool, comfy seats downstairs.  The prices for drinks aren't that cool, but then again, I'd rather spend my money on boba, shave ice, or the movies.  You get my drift here, right?  If you're a cool person who likes cool bars, this is the place for you.
4	I was looking forward too checking out Commonwealth since I missed awesome CMYE for it earlier. We finished our DTLV night after Park on Fremont here with fellow yelpers plus meet up with more yelpers in toasting Noah R birthday. My first impression was wow its really nice and man think under dressed for it. It definitely more of upscale bar or without doubt out of the all the bars clustered together downtown this one by far most upscale and classy arts look too it. The artwork on the walls most of them huge paintings of have no idea or the cool chandeliers. It kind of dark got me thinking at the haunted mansion ride at Disneyland. The artwork feel like person staring right into your eyes so waiting for the eyes too move or something. Lol! Just the details too the interior is pretty darn cool!! The upstairs patio area sure something unique too downtown and on perfect weather day (that night it was) nothing better in life. The view looking down see the vibe going on that night, break out few dance moves with the music going on, and see El Cortez Hotel all the history of that Hotel too downtown. Patio for sure cool spot too chill out hanging out with friends drinking enjoying life. When the place is packed it totally like club because we walked around too check it out and push my way through get from one end too another. Almost missed they have this cool game or people playing so never figured it out. You throw some object attached too string at target and that about all I got. Sure next time I visit going too figure it out.The prices it not that bad still pricey but cheaper then going too club or drinking on the strip for the most part?  This coming from someone like me going clubbing few and far between so take it for what it worth. Lol! I really like the vibe of the place and between the patio and inside lot of different places can hang out get your drink on at Commonwealth. Another great addition too awesome downtown scene of little bars, food spots, and lot of fun!
5	BAM! This place freakin rocks. Case closed.
4	The music here is amazing! The decor was cool and view was even better. The only thing I didn't like about the place was the lack of seating. That being said its a great place for a late night rendezvous.
2	Drinks are overpriced with no happy hour, which is a deal breaker in spite of some good drinks and atmosphere before the late-night hipster flood descends on Fremont East. If you come bring a friend who will buy your drinks and arrive early for a chill vibe
4	I really appreciate a bar whose focus is on mixology, so when you get something other than a Bud or Coors you're not automatically slapped on the forehead with any of the below stickers:- Hipster- Elitist and/or snob- Oh, you drink craft beer AND drive a Fiat? You must be so cultured. I came here on a Sunday night with some girlfriends who work in Strip hotels as concierge, so of course we had to start with a self-guided grand tour to get an idea of this whole shebang. This way they could be as well-educated as possible when offering Downtown to the three undergrad tourists per month who take up their recommendation of the area because this trio's too broke to go to a nightclub. Sorry, that was a tangent. We posted up at the bar and watched as a live band prepared to set up while we chatted with our bartender Dan and amongst ourselves, after having come downstairs from ooh-ing and ahh-ing at the gorgeous rooftop patio. I got the Little Hot Mess which was made with muddled strawberry - pretty much summer in a glass, and what's not to love about that?Upstairs was laid back and casual with strung lights - great for groups, while the main bar area below had a speakeasy feel with a vintage-y looking menu inviting guests to peruse a large selection of well-designed libations, with specials for Wednesday nights only. The only thing I was bummed about was that I hadn't visited this place sooner! :)
4	My friends and I decided to give Commonwealth a try after going to the food trucks across the street at the El Cortez.  I was very impressed by the interior, it made me think of something you would see in a major downtown city.  With a lot of wood and high ceilings and a nice bar area.We purchased our drinks which were on par with Vegas strip lounges and headed to the roof.  Despite the cold, the roof was very nice featuring plenty of room for standing and a few sitting areas right by the railing with some nice views of the El Cortez.  Despite having a bar only a few feet away, there was a very friendly and smiling waitress who was always stopping by to make sure we had drinks throughout the night.After a few hours the place became crowded and I'm pretty sure they began charging a cover at the door.  We went back downstairs where a few people were dancing and a DJ was playing some really cool old school stuff (think Tupac, Notorious BIG, etc).I've personally never been a fan of downtown bars, but Commonwealth totally changes my mind about that!
1	HOMOPHOBES!!!!! Over priced drinks! The door and bartenders are rude. If you look gay they won't treat you good! I will not go there again. This was two incidents there my girlfriend and I then my girlfriend and her friends last nite. Rather go to Dont tell mama and be treated better.
2	Dear owners of Commonwealth, You built an amazing bar and a beautiful space.   Good beer and drink selection too.  It really could be called the crown jewel of the "new downtown".  Too bad you ruined it by running it like a douchey club that interferes with a patron's ability to relax and charges ridiculous prices.The space you built is exceptional -- quirky design mixing elements of a lounge and upscale European chateau with laidback couches, chandeliers, a rooftop patio with an open air bar.  The drink selection is excellent -- great selection of beers and some nice creative cocktails.  After 5 minutes in your business, I thought it was a solid 5 star rating all the way.  But why . . . why are you running this place like a douche magnet?  Why the hell would you build a lounge-like pub and then refuse to let people sit on the weekends without paying for "bottle service"?  Seriously.  Why the hell would locals ever frequent a place where they can't sit down without paying 1000% mark up on a bottle of liquor?  And putting a velvet rope outside with a bouncer to control access to your bar?  What the hell?  And no happy hour?  And no prices on the beer menu?  That's not classy.  It's just annoying.  I guess I understand wanting to hide your prices given that you're charging the tourist/rip off rate for drinks.   I've visited your bar twice and I can officially say I'm done.  I won't be coming back and won't be bringing visitors.  You're absolutely a one-and-done type of bar.  Most everyone I know who's visited, has not gone back.  Too expensive, too douchey, too uninterested in wanting people to come back.A piece of advice: in 6 months to a year when you're not the hip new kid on the block anymore and start to notice that your bar is pretty much empty until 9 pm (like Insert Coins), start making changes to encourage locals to be repeat customers: 1) Get a happy hour, 2) lose the stupid velvet rope, 3) let people sit down without buying $100+ of liquor.  Treat your customers like you want them there and don't just want to bilk them out of their money.  Start trying to earn their money by having an inviting bar and you'll bring the locals in.  Don't and you'll be closed by the end of 3-5 years.
2	Really cool space, tons of thought went into designing this place.  Unfortunately, I can't say I enjoyed myself, it is run like an L.A. or Manhattan bar, exactly what people are trying to avoid when they go downtown.  I arrived at around 10 pm, had to wait in line(only about 5 minutes) with my gf, then I was charged a cover(only $5) since I was born with testicles, walked into a really cool spot, surprisingly, it was not that busy(why the line?), my gf and I ordered two beers; Sierra Nevada and something Belgian, I was shocked when the waitress handed me a bill for $25.  It's funny, as I sat there with friends, I noticed that people kept flowing in, yet it never got really busy, that's because nobody stayed for a second round of drinks.
3	Ok for downtown.  I don't like the bouncers outside very much.  The weirdest part was that there was a line inside to go up to the second floor patio.  I was confused as I walked past it and upstairs (my friend knew the bouncer maintaining that line) but then i saw why.  I still think they overpacked it upstairs.I think i would've enjoyed it more if they had flipped the rooms.  The second story seems like a great lounge smoking patio (for those that smoke) and the downstairs could be the nightclubs style.  It was a bit unnerving to walk through the lounge type music and then get upstairs to hear hip hop blasting out the speakers.  I loved the idea of the second story but it just was exhausting to yell the whole night.  Kudos to them for bringing a decent nightlife experience to downtown, but in my opinion they should switch floors.
4	Surely one of the top best places in downtown. I would want to say The Griffin can compete with this place BUT due to the diverse crowd you find here, it separates the two and gives them each their own identity. I was wowed by the rooftop ambience...so nice to sit outside, second floor with good music, good crowd and drinks in the middle of Vegas OFF THE STIP. It's a different feel than what we're used to. The music is good both outside and inside. The place gets packed quickly so if you can make it there before 10pm, you're safe! After 11ish, i noticed a long line downstairs waiting to go up to the rooftop...insane. The crowd...so diverse. There was a lot of good looking people, mostly locals. Some dressed casual, some were dressed up, and some were in shorts and flip-flops? Cool, right?. Only issue were the expensive drinks. Probably a very expensive night for those heavy drinkers...4 Well earned stars!
1	Hipsters unite this is your douche bag central. CommonWealth,   at least hire courteous people to manage the door not a couple pricks that act like they are doing you a favor by letting you in, you're doorman guys, you already failed in life.  $10 cover for downtown, no thanks. Expensive watery drinks in small plastic cups....I will take take my friends elsewhere after this ordeal. Hell.. I wouldn't even give it a second chance just because of the staff.
5	When I popped into Commonwealth, I had zero expectations. I was met with one of the cutest and most exciting new places to reach Downtown Las Vegas! Atmosphere galore! Charming and fanciful artwork! Great drinks! Check this out after you eat just down the street at Le Thai!
5	Start AND end your evening in Downtown Las Vegas here at #CommonwealthLV.Since being a frequent resident of this amazing bar since their soft opening in November 2012, I must say it's the best spot to be. They've nailed the design, architecture, ambiance, mood, lighting, music, drinks, and decor. In here, you'll feel "at home". Not only will you have fun with your friends, but you'll meet friendly people, see familiar faces, and get to know the great staff they have in hand.Shout out to Justin, Adam, Jerry, Elisa & NJ.
5	Let me tell you, if you're looking for a place to have a great drink and listen to some good music then this is your spot. Your choice of being indoors downstairs or go upstairs to the patio. Both have full bars, but I must say that the patio has a great view of downtown that will only enhance your nights experience. If you like craft beer, the usually have a selection of about 20, bottled or on tap. One of my new favorite spots in Vegas.
4	Nice place to have a drink
5	Hmmm.. What to say about Commonwealth.. Except it's the best bar spot to hit Fremont like.. Ever!!!  It has character with a touch of debauchery, class with a swig of sluttiness and flavor with a shot of methamphetamin!  Commonwealth has every ingredient to make an eventful night of gluttonous shenanigans.  Respect to the creative minds that concocted this old roofless video warehouse building into a fanfare of nostalgic cocktails, hallucinogenic  artwork, loungy digs, live music, the aficionados beer and a freakin' patio!Although, very inconvenient when this place gets packed and they start collecting cover charge.  But hey.. It's Vegas!
4	Would not come here during the weekends! Just like any bars, it gets packed and they start charging covers. Seriously? It's downtown!Best time to go: Wednesdays. They have drink specials and it doesn't get packed. The rooftop is even more amazing. The bottom line is that drinks are amazing but how long are you willing to wait to get them?
4	This place gets poppin', no doubt.  Music selection on Wednesdays and First Fridays is pretty dope.    You have to realize this is one of THE trendier places in downtown.  Their bar prices speak for that lol.  The atmosphere here is always good though and so no complaints really.  My tip being that if you can control the intake of liquor and have fun doing so your wallet will love and you won't be disappointed with overlooking the craziness that Downtown brings from the patio.  Oh and big props to Shauna one their waitresses there, she's a cutie pie, sweetheart, and makes sure you're well taken care off.
4	Stopped by last Saturday and it was already getting crowded at 9:30. Be sure to come early because the line gets long and they start charging cover as it gets later ($5 usually). They have a rooftop party area with a DJ, as well as a hidden speakeasy in the back of the 1st floor that you'll need reservations and a password for. Drinks are pricey considering the location ($8-15), but they are good, especially the specialty drinks that are made inside the speakeasy. The bartenders are fast and I rarely feel like we're waiting too long for our drinks.  Overall Commonwealth is nice and I would definitely come back.
4	I would've given Commonwealth another star had I not gone to Velveteen Rabbit first. They cocktails were good but more expensive and not at the level of craftsmanship compared to Velveteen Rabbit.But I was pleasantly surprised by Commonwealth after reading some of the more negative reviews. Having happily suffered through years of drunken crowds and disgruntled bouncers at more night clubs than I could remember, I like Commonwealth. It wasn't so crowded that I needed a post coitus cigarette after navigating through the throngs of people.  But it was crowded enough for a good vibe and people watching. It's an interesting crowd. Definitely not touristy. But a mix of lawyers, Zappos people, hipsters, and just locals wanting another fun drink hole. Upstairs was awesome. It had a great urban vibe that downtown has been starving for.  Hum, after writing this, I think I'm going to give it 4 starts instead of the 3 I initially chosen at the start of my review.
4	Great beer selection for a "club."  Cover charge was $5 for guys and free for girls, not too bad.  We didn't really wait in line to get in.  Casual dress code. The balcony was great. Honestly it was fun, but clubs to me are, in a way, all the same.  What set this one out was that they had Dogfish Head 90 IPA on tap.
1	I've never used the "appalling" to describe an experience at a bar, but that is the only word that's appropriate. I would equate my experience here to a revolving door, with a handshake at entrance, a slap in the face in the middle, and a kick in the pants on the way out.We showed up a little after 1am, the doorman spent some time telling us about the concept then recommended we go upstairs where the DJ is. We used the restroom, went upstairs, and grabbed a bar menu. They have a "salad bar" menu, where all of the drinks use 9 fresh ingredients, so it takes a minute to read through. I ordered our drinks and was told they had already given last call, but she would make them anyways. While she was muddling or drinks, the music stopped, lights went on, and the bouncers started pushing people towards the stairs. A bouncer told us we needed to move out, and I told him our drinks were STILL BEING MADE. When I asked the bartender what time they close, she said 1:30. I asked what time it was, she said 1:28. So I followed up with what time did they do last call, she says 1:20. WTF?My friend asked about our drinks, she said we could take them with us. No sh*t. But since you can't go into any other bars with an outside drink, she protested a little and requested we be able to drink them there, to which the bartender responded that the downstairs was still open, and a bouncer returned."Hey ladies, the bar is closed and you need to move on. How was your evening?"@@#%$$^%$$$#&&%!!!!!!!!!My friend said that we had been working our way down Freemont, and explained our experience thus far. The bouncer was made  a comment to the effect of, "so you ladies have been drinking a while," was apologetic that we had to leave the patio, and offered to walk with us down the stairs to the bottom floor where we could finish our drinks.When we hit the landing on the stairs, we could see that the lights were on and the house was empty, just like upstairs, and he "walked with us" right out the front door.This was obviously a concerted effort by all employees to make the sale regardless of customer satisfaction or experience. I've worked in clubs, so I know that when we hit the front door, the doorman knew that the bar was closing down. The bartender was happy to sell us drinks at $10 each because she knew we would have to go regardless. And the bouncers used classic bouncing techniques to keep moving us towards the door.
3	When we went the music was whack!  I guess you have to come here on a good night.  The atmosphere, however is so chill, doesn't feel like vegas at all.  They don't have bottle service but have a beverage minimum which is real cooh.  I think they need to screen their djs more.  They need better ones. Otherwise, the crowd is real coo and most of the locals go here.
1	This is my second time at Park... And it will be my last.  The waitress Dana K was the rudest "b" I've ever seen in my life.  Not only did she have attitude as soon as we sat she had no personality or patience for our party... The drink that I had was good but Velveteen Rabbit makes better drinks for less.  Then when the bill came she threw it down and walked away.  Dana double charged my credit card for what I don't even know.  Then as I was leaving she got bouncers involved saying I didn't pay my bill.  Clearly she's on drugs or hates waiting on people.  Because like I said I got charged twice.   Way better places to go...
1	So as a local who runs a business himself was Downtown after a baseball game in the middle of Spring decided to go bar hopping for a friends Bday. When hitting up this joint where mind you I have spent numerous amounts of money was turned away with a snobby attitude at the door! SMH, not under the influence, mind you it's Vegas and it Downtown!! You are not the Wynn, so being told bc you have a tank, which was a designer tank have you, I wound up in shock and just left. Could of asked for the manager, but didnt. Do you not realize that me and my friends drink Mac 12 which is 14 a glass and we tip 6 on to help support the industry? Realize that I run a business and WOM is beyond popular and grew up in Vegas and know a lot of people esp. those who are you competition? Lol know the power of social media, and read between the lines!! Pick out that I had a Tag Watch, and expensive attire on. Understand if i looked troublesome, but use judgement and common sense sir! Look me up if you want seeing that I have about 40 friends who are hosts etc...I hate to name drop or act all like this, but you have led me to voice my opinion and face book statuses will be used against you now....ps do the math...although i may effect maybe 40 people x drinks x day = monthly rev and ROI on letting a guy with a tank top in lol learn business. POST SIGNS, which could help with the cause...ESP when your door host saw me wait in line for 15 min!!
2	I just can't get over the drink prices which are a head scratcher for sure. The decor is OK but I wasn't blown away at all. On a Sunday night there was no cover charge, thank goodness, or I wouldn't be writing a review. There is no justification for a cover charge on Fremont Street. We were on the upstairs patio most of the time, and it was teeming with the standard Downtown crowd. I went here just to see what all the buzz was about, and will not likely be going back unless it's during a reasonably priced drink special night. If you want to spend the evening drinking WAY overpriced beverages, this is your heaven.
5	Love it. I don't usually go to downtown, but my friends invited me to go check this out so I did. The vibe is so different than any other bars in Vegas. The decors are very unique and the staff there are super friendly. Definitely a good hang out spot for anyone who visiting downtown Las Vegas.
2	This place is seriously wearing on my patience.  What started out as a nice, chill place that locals could enjoy has now become douche-ville...both clientele and staff.  Growing pains; I imagine you got too "big" for your own good, Commonwealth.  And your "speakeasy", you know, the box under the stairs?  Please, I'd rather sit at home...it's that boring.  Oh well, I don't mind strolling right past your door (and dickhead door guys) on the daily to other places on East Fremont.
4	Outside patio upstairs, lounge areas, fun art pieces, great environment. What more can you ask for?It's big enough for large groups and the beer on tap is varied!There's also a live DJ upstairs and they're located so discreetly you'd think it's just just a prerecorded good tune!I love that it overlooks the street where the streets are alive with people and good times!
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. I absolutely adore their speakeasy, The Laundry Room. And to be honest, it's the only reason I ever come in to CommonWealth anymore. I just don't really care for the crowd. I like the decor and great cocktail menu, but other than that, it's usually too loud to have a conversation. Going upstairs is usually nightmare, with people crowded around the entrances up there. Drinks are over priced. Their counter part, Park, has cheaper drinks. If I had to pick a place, I'd pick Park. But still, it has that same snooty crowd. I've heard they were planning on buying out Beauty Bar and gutting it. I just hope it doesn't become a monopoly down there of bars like Commonwealth and Park. One of the greatest things about downtown is the variety. Just on one block alone, every bar has it's own unique experience. I would just hate to see that entire street be one Commonwealth after another.
1	Update: the owners of Commonwealth must be the most arrogant businessmen around.It seems they have decided they don't need Vegas locals to keep their bar in business. They have certainly made it clear that they don't give a damn about Vegas locals.No happy hour continues. I thought this would be phased out once the bar was up and running and attempting to woo locals. But, the theme here is "f*ck the locals." So, high prices and no happy hour. Next, the seating. Oh my god, the seating. It makes my blood boil. After a certain hour and on certain days, you have to PAY TO SIT. Are you kidding me? In a downtown bar?!?!?!? Why on God's green earth would anyone pay to sit in a downtown bar? Then there's the beer selection itself. No prices on the beer. Because people shouldn't be allowed to know how much they are spending in your pretentious, overpriced bar, right? Tourists may not care, but locals care.I've never had to pay cover here, but I heard it happens? That is horrific. Cover on a Fremont street bar. I'd rather stay sober, thanks.So, in conclusion, to the owners of the Commonwealth I say this: please stop trying to ruin Fremont. I know you think you're gentrifying it, but this is not what gentrification looks like. Gentrification would be the cool elegance of your design and layout coupled with reasonably priced drinks, a happy hour that targets young locals in the area looking for a good spot after work, and LETTING PEOPLE SIT FOR FREE. This is just you trying to turn Fremont into the Strip. Which, in case you missed it, the majority of the locals avoid like the plague if they don't work there. We hate the strip. There's a reason. Most of the local young professionals I've talked to hate your spot as well. There's a reason for that too.
3	Good classy place that needs way more seats.
1	I would not go back here. From the time we set foot in there the staff was rude. The guy at the door was rude. The bartender was rude. Drinks are way overpriced. There is no where to sit and have a conversation. They run the place like it is on the Strip and isn't the point of going Downtown to get away from that snooty-type of attitude. Don't bother with this place.
3	I've heard both sides of the coin on this, but I've had good experiences here. First off, it's always packed. I've accepted that, but aside from that its a good bar. There's a downstairs area that has booths and such and a bar. It's generally more relaxing and has a quieter vibe. It screams speakeasy to me, which is what I've been told the owners were going forThe upstairs is where it gets a bit more raucous. There's lots of dancing, the DJ always plays hip hop, usually classic stuff, and people generally seem to be looser. It was really great in march, but with the hot summer months I hope they add some fans.Pros: it's downtown, the vibe is really fun, Cons: super expensive, and I mean drinking inside a club expensive, always packed, so you don't ever really relaxOverall I'd say this is somewhere where you want to experience, especially if you're a tourist, but locals shouldn't make it their everyday bar
1	Never again!  I would only hope the owner or someone in management takes the time to pay attention to the conversation going on about their business. Here's how your staff treats people, management included:The second time I popped in for a drink I encountered the rudest bartender I have come across in ten years of living in Vegas. She treated me as if  I was the biggest inconvenience to her night because I had a question about a cocktail. She chatted with her other bartenders cheerfully but couldn't muster the energy to act like she enjoyed serving customers. She intentionally skipped me because I was being indecisive about a cocktail (uh, yeah, they ain't cheap by the way). The same night we were sitting at a table on the patio and we had extra chairs because other tables were unoccupied. The security guard came up to us and said that we were going to have to "get up" because they needed the chairs. Okay, fair enough, we know we had chairs that belonged to other tables but is that how you ask someone? Wouldn't you advise the customer politely that there are other parties being seated instead of saying "you guys have to get up". They sat a party for bottle service as if it would help them make the bottom line for the evening and no one else mattered. My recent visit to Commonwealth (well, can't exactly qualify since they denied me entry) had me scratching my head. Our friends were inside CW so we were going to go in and meet them ( I did not particularly want to based on previous experiences). We were told the owner saw us do something outside and weren't allowed in because of it. I asked if we simply could know the reason why since I have patronized the business in the past. It's the least they could do is tell my why I was being denied. The manager, Brian, came out and then talked to one of the bouncers, Adam (cool dude by the way, no bad things to say about him, he actually understands customer service) and the managers first words to me were "what's up? Why are you being a prick? You asked to talk to me and you see that I'm right here." Excuse me????? Mr/Mrs. Owner, if this is the people you entrust to run your bar, you are either not involved or don't give a crap or both. Yelpers, maybe you want to stop in for a drink at a new downtown spot and that's fine. Do not expect friendly staff and know that they think everyone is a potential douchebag. Downtown Las Vegas is a thriving small community and is making huge progress towards bringing back culture and a sense of community. Commonwealth is not part of that effort.
1	I usually do not complain about bars in Vegas...my husband is a bartender on the strip and I understand prices are high and places are busy. But Commonwealth was out of hand from their insane prices for watered down drinks to the incredibly rude staff (including "management").A couple friends and I set out for downtown in hopes for a fun evening of shots and dancing.  We waited in line and were in fairly quickly (10:30pm on a Friday).  We went upstairs first, even though it was easily 100 degrees outside.  We each ordered a drink - vodka+cranberry, gin+tonic, and a Miller Lite.  The bartender asks if we are paying together or separately. We say separate and she rolls her eyes before checking the computer for prices.  I have worked in customer service, and I completely understand getting annoyed by your customers, but it is never ok to roll your eyes IN FRONT of the people responsible for tipping you - and essentially for no reason!  The drinks were $8 each. Maybe I'm cheap, but those are strip prices and this place is on Fremont...big difference.  And $8 for a Miller Lite?!  That's a bit insane.  We didn't stay upstairs for long, just enough time to look around.  We were expecting a friend in a wheelchair to join and were told the upstairs was not wheelchair accessible.  DJ was spinning 90s hip hop and there was some dancing, overall a fun ambiance upstairs.We came downstairs and snagged a booth/table.  Our waitress was very sweet.  We ordered another round of drinks and three shots (just asked for something sweet).  The shots were yummy but very weak.  A little later, my husband and another friend joined the group.  I walked outside to let them know where we were sitting and was told (RUDELY) to get in or out.  I was on the inside of their precious velvet ropes and was in no way blocking the entrance.  There wasn't even a line of people.  I gave the bouncer a confused look and walked all the way out.  After a couple minutes (friends were smoking) we all went in together.  They were charged $5 for entry, which was strange because the place was not very busy and they were locals.They joined us at the table.  Our waitress was busy and after several minutes, the guys decided to go to the bar and get drinks.  They returned and after a sip of the drinks looked confused.  My friend asked me to taste her vodka+cran.  It was dark red in color and tasted like straight cranberry juice.  The other drink (vodka+soda) tasted like soda water - no vodka.  They went back to the bar, but the bartenders were not interested in conversing.  They agreed to remake the drink, but the drinks were the same.  At the table, it was clear that the drink brought by our server and the one from the bar were completely different in taste, smell and color.  We showed our server who seemed genuinely concerned and asked the "manager" to come talk to us.  This guy was a big problem!  He approached the table and rudely said "What's the problem?"  My friend explained the problem and invited the manager to smell or taste the drink.  He refused because "vodka doesnt habe a taste or smell." LAUGHABLE!  After hearing the complaint he responded, "Ok, here is what I am going to do.  I am going to personally make your drink with vodka.  I have 20 years of bar tending experience so if these drinks are not good enough then it's not our problem." Ummm excuse me?  My other friend chimed in and insisted we were not angry, just that the drinks were weak.  The "manager" became visibly upset and said, "I hope you're not insinuating that we are watering down our Vodka.  If so, we are going to have a real problem."Maybe I'm being sensitive, but I have never been treated so rudely by management.Several minutes later, the "manager" returned with a bottle of vodka.  He said "Now look here.  This is a new bottle." He started to open it, "Did you here that crack, that was the seal breaking.  Now I'm pouring in vodka..." At this point, I was livid.  I had not spoken the entire time because my drinks were not a problem, but he was taking this too far.  I said calmly, "you are being a bit inappropriate." His response, "No you are inappropriate to accuse me of watering down my drinks."  The funny part, the drink he poured looked completely different! It was a lighter shade than the previous drink and clearly had alcohol in it.  Either way, we didn't care at this point.  We let him keep his drink and we got out of there.  While paying the tab with our server we asked for the manager's name.  She said he was Doc.  My friend looked at her and said "what is his real name?" And she meekly responded "David."  So who knows what his name was, and truly who cares at this point because I will never return to Commonwealth. We went across the street to Park on Fremont and enjoyed $6 cocktails with alcohol included.
1	I love the direction downtown is heading in, and I thought Commonwealth would be a great addition. The decor (both downstairs and upstairs) are nice, but the rude staff/supervisors and the insane prices ($9 for an Abita apricot ale??) make this place not worth it. The mixed drinks literally do not have alcohol in them, and when I tried to politely speak to a female supervisor about it, she said alcohol does not have a smell. My friend ordered a plain vodka shot and it literally had no smell and tasted like water with a couple of drops of vodka. I will not be returning to Commonwealth unless I hear of some major changes in customer service and liquor service.
2	Nothing exceptional about this place. Its a two story bar...WHOOPTIDO. The drinks tasted like they were watered down and were grossly over-priced. I get it, its a bar in a place that probably receives a bunch of tourists, but still, if you're going to call it a bar, act like a bar and not a night club! Give me drinks without the water!
2	I was going to give three initially, but then I saw Yelp's descriptor for two stars: "Meh. I've experienced better," which about describes my feelings; it's a more apt description than three stars, which signifies "A-ok."To start, since this is a bar, let's talk about drinks. drinks are very expensive. A beer is $9. This wasn't even a fancy beer I ordered, it was a Guinness. This is expensive for downtown, but would also be expensive for any bar that isn't technically a "club." I know I've bought a Guinness at bars on the strip for less than $9. Again, this isn't exactly some rare, top-of-the-line microbrew, it's a readily available beer, so I have a hard time paying even $7 for it. But here's the real rub, unlike the bars on the strip, it didn't even look like I got a full pint! I could walk down to the Griffin and get a slightly higher end beer that will, at most cost $7, and I'll be fine with it, because at least it's not a beer I always see on tap at any given bar. Since beers are so expensive here, I've never bothered ordering a specialty drink, maybe they're great, but I'm willing to bet they're also grossly overpriced.I've seen a couple reviews complaining about bartenders, who seemed fine any time I've order from them. I'd say to look out for most of the bouncers - many of them are rude, kinda stereotypical bouncers trying to prove that they're tough guys. Some of them are okay, usually when they're at the door, but other than that I've never had a pleasant experience interacting with them. Speaking of the door... there's a $10 cover charge on weekends... because they aren't making enough money from the overpriced drinks.Maybe all the expense is to cover the interior decorations which aren't bad, I'll give them that.Bottom line: Looks alright inside but don't expect to save money compared to just going to any given club on the Strip. Also, avoid the bouncers, even if you aren't making trouble.
2	I've been here a number of times to give an honest review. I have been here for celebrations and just-because moments alike. The bar is located on the corner Fremont and 6th St. It has a nice location and it looks pretty cool outside. Now, I can agree with most of my friends who have probably already reviewed this place that the bouncers are not friendly. I don't think I'm asking for them to be friendly, but they seem like jackasses for no reason. I try and greet them, but they make no word just grab my ID and that is it. I guess I like at least being spoken too. Yes there is a cover charge of $10 on the weekends which isn't bad if the drinks are fairly priced......BUT WAIT! The drinks are not fairly priced whatsoever. A beer whether it be a hard to find delicacy or a cheap Pabst are $9. Why is the price so high for a "local" bar? Some of the well drinks are the same price which doesn't make much sense. There is a deal that if you get a beer and a shot for $12. But what confuses me is usually a shot is around that price in general. I'm not the extravagant bar hopper and beer connoisseur that I'd like to be, but I know what prices make sense and what don't.The environment is pretty chilax to be honest. The waiters are cool and they help you decide on drinks and make payments fairly easy to complete. The upstairs is a "New York-esque" kind of roof top party theme and I do really like it up there especially at night. I'm not a cheap person, but like most people I do not like having to overpay for no reason. This is a fun place, but I suggest expecting to spend more money than anticipated before coming here.
4	I think this place would get better Yelp reviews if it were in San Francisco or Portland.  I guess downtown Vegas still gives people the expectation of cheap dive bars with cheap drinks.  It sounds like the Yelpers here don't even come here for the specialty cocktails which are awesome.  There is a classic cocktail revolution going on Vegas.  Hello???  I know y'all mostly work in the casino industry and are used to cheezy cocktails and come downtown for a cheap PBR or something, but hopefully more and more visitors and locals alike will find this place a refreshing change of pace from both the casino scene AND the gross, downtown ghetto-bar scene.  Even though I was not able to get inside the Laundry Room, no hard feelings, I enjoyed my time at the bar with David.  I don't tell people I write travel guides and Yelp just to get preferential treatment.  The upstairs dance scene is pretty cool, although it was hotter than sh t when I visited Vegas last weekend.  Besides Herbs & Rye, one of the best cocktail joints in Vegas if you're into cocktails and not PBR and a Jameson.  Seriously?  Not even hipsters are drinking that, maybe their younger sisters.  Seriously?  Even Reno has more and better classic cocktail bars than Vegas.  Shame on you 2 million folks down there.  Losers.
5	Good people, good vibes, great drinks.  The DJs on Wednesdays are my favorite.  You'll find the best dressed people in the city at this trendy DTLV hotspot ;)
5	I am impressed by the Downtown Vegas scene! There are restaurants, bars, lounges in one street with brightly lit signs (ie. giant martini glass, huge Vegas letters) everywhere. This is where the locals and hipsters hangout.Commonwealth is the place my homie was DJing at. Good vibes, and a rooftop area with pretty lights. There is one DJ downstairs for more mellow music, and a DJ upstairs (where my homie was at) for people who are trying to turn up! Everyone there was having a good time. The music was so good upstairs, that there was a line for people downstairs to come up.I love that there is a bar upstairs and downstairs. Also, there are stylish couches for people to smoke on or lounge in. I HIGHLY recommend this place if you want to try a different Vegas scene that is still crackin'!
1	Zero stars. The ways in which this bar is an epic piece of shit could be enumerated. But 1) that would be exhausting and 2) no doubt not a single person who works here could count that high. So I will summarize by saying: le barf.
3	Pretty cool spot... Great ambiance and generally good music too. It's a nice place for locals and those that want a change of pace from the typical bar scene or the nightclubs located on the strip.While I overall would recommend Commonwealth, there are two complaints I have. First, for being a bar that will primarily attract locals, the prices on drinks are highly comparable in price to the inflated prices at nightclubs. Not a lot of bang for your buck either, in my experience. Second, it gets insanely packed, again you feel at times that you are in a nightclub.Overall, Commonwealth is definitely worth checking out, even if it is slightly overpriced and crowded. The ambiance and general feel of the bar is pretty much unlike anything else in the city, and the DJ's they have spinning definitely add to that feel.
4	$5 cover when it gets late, so get there early! Drinks were like $8/9, I got a Jack & Coke. The bartenders aren't the nicest guy. It was extremely packed though. Upper level is really awesome with a roof top bar and misters everywhere to keep you cool. Music was aiiiight, mix of local/hip hop/techno/EDM/etc. Can be a cool vibe but what I liked the most was the people-watching. Super interesting sorts of people that come in. You got your Asian bboiz, ladies night out, guys tryna party, and everything in between. Fun place to observe!
4	This is a cool bar to hangout at.  It's non-smoking (in Vegas... Really??!!!) with an upstairs open air bar.  We stayed upstairs where the dj was playing.  It is a very open space - a small corner with lounge chairs, a few benches along the wall, and that's it.  There are no seats at the bar - it's a very chill atomsphere.  This is a bar where you go to catch up with friends and have a no-drama night.
3	I've been meaning to come, but wasn't sure if I wanted to do given the mixed feelings I've heard about this spot. I came for a Yelpers birthday celebration which can be the best time to go when you have quality company.I dig the vibe in here, I like the look of this place absolutely. I love our cocktail lady, Norma Jean absolutely so since she was definitely sweet and attentive. My drink was decent, but didn't hit the spot. I cannot even recall the name, but it was Jameson Irish Whiskey based. The BF ordered a old fashioned and was shell shocked that while most menu cocktails were around $10ish like mine was, his drink was a wopping $18 which I think is really steep for bourbon, bitters, a orange wedge, sugar. We stayed downstairs for a bit and it's more laid back of a feel and spinning more easy going downtempo then we moved upstairs to the rooftop which was more crowded and playing more dancey music. It was hot, but there were misters. Crowd was decent on this off weeknight. I was worried it was gonna be as douchey and hipster as some people described. I have passed by on a weekend and can see the rooftop filled up and I most definitely won't pick to come here. For now, it's A-OK. I didn't love my drink, but am open I might feel differently once trying more and building bartender repoire. I will be back for the Laundry Room and I'm sure I'll end up at this place again.
5	Almost too guppy already. but it still does a good job the vibe its trying to bring across.
1	Expensive drinks? No big deal. Almost 100% hipster crowd? Fine. The problem here is the way the management treats its customers. We sat at a table upstairs at 9:00 PM. At 11:20 we were asked to move to another table. We complied and five minutes later were asked to give up the actual table. Two minutes later they came and took our chairs. Simple as that. I won't be back and I was embarassed to have taken my out of town guest there.
4	I thought the place had a really cool vibe - hip without being over the top like bars on the strip. The inside is all brick with nice couches and chairs to lounge and a dj booth in the corner. Upstairs is the huge roof deck - another dj, another bar, and decent views. The drink menu is extensive; I saw about 10 that I wanted to try. Prices are ok at about $10/ cocktail. The crowd is hip and well dressed, but not overly so. Overall, this is one of my top places downtown.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  I love Vegas nights and enjoying a place with a cool vibe, and roof-top seating... what could be better?  Well I guess a lot.ATMOSPHERE #4 Stars--Just dark enough with a cozy, hip feel. *More on this below.DRINKS #2 Stars-- (they don't serve food but recommend their 'sister' place PARK on Freemont, across the street) so back to drinks.  My guy likes dark beer.  His first choice "they were out of", his second choice ordered, but the 'cute but poor server' bartender brought the wrong beer (not a dark brew).  He was polite and did not say anything.  I had red wine, cab I think.  Nothing special AND OVERPRICED.  I mean, Strip prices at what is suppose to be our NEW LOCAL friendly hang out area?ROOFTOP ATMOSPHERE #4Stars-- BUT, NOT REALLY..... Like I said, I love Vegas nights.  The day had been a stressful one and I thought this would be the perfect reason to try the rooftop at Commonwealth.  We arrived around 10:30 pm, the bouncer/greeter said we could not go up on the roof because they had entertainment that was paid ticket admission only.  He said we could go up after midnight.  We said Ok then entered and had a drink at the bar. Then we left and went across the street to eat at the 'sister' place PARK. (see review).  Returned for our anticipated rooftop magic experience.  VIEW nice, kinda a cozy place with misters..I kinda hate misters..but, I really hated the ones I sat under at Commonwealth.  The little bench around the corner in a nice private setting had a mister over it that dripped large blobs of water on both of us, on my head and lap.  Geez, no matter how I tried to ignore this it was a total MOOD KILLER.  I could not leave fast enough.  Sigh. Sorry to say, a disappointing experience at both Commonwealth and Park on Freemont.
4	I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars, but I'm going with 4 stars because *I* had a great time, even though some of my friends didn't have such a great experience.  Additionally, I visited Commonwealth on the night of First Friday, so I think things might be different at other times/days. To the review! If you're going to visit Commonwealth on a busy night (holiday weekend, First Friday, etc), get there early!! We arrived around 10p, and while there was a line to get in, it wasn't too long, maybe 5-10 minutes.  It was busy, but not overly crowded.  The space, as others have mentioned, is beautiful. Just a gorgeous bar.  We didn't get anything fancy as far as drinks go (sadly), but what we did get was fine. Slightly overpriced for downtown.  Heading upstairs- I thought this was just as cool. A rooftop lounge/bar/dance floor. I felt like I was in another city! There was table service, and they were letting people sit at the unsold areas until they were purchased.  The DJ was fantastic, people were dancing, and it was just lots of fun.  Unfortunately, as the night went on, things started to go downhill.  By 11, the line outside was getting crazy long, and we stupidly went downstairs. We had quite a long wait to get back upstairs because they were full to capacity, unless you had a wristband (?) or had a table. We luckily made it back up when a large party left, but some of our other friends weren't so lucky. Downstairs was pretty unbearable by midnight- I don't know how people ever got a drink because it was so crowded.  Even upstairs, it took forever.  I'll be back, but definitely would advise to make this an early stop on your Downtown adventures, or to go during the week (and not on First Friday!)
3	Fun bar with good music. Prices are more here then most of freemont but not too bad. I like the 2 stories and that u can be outside but not when its 115 outside. Staff isnt the most engaging or the friendliest but hey, its freemont
5	I LOVE this place!!! I came here on a Saturday night around 10pm a week and a half ago and I really have to write a review because I keep thinking about how amazingly fun it was. Downstairs is a cool area where you can lounge on some nice chairs and talk to friends. Upstairs they have an outside balcony with lightly spraying mist. Theres a dance floor and the DJ was playing 90's R&B/Hip Hop music which was SOOOO much fun to dance to!!!! What really made the night was the DJ and his mix. LOVE LOVE LOVE!
4	I like this place, got there early enough before they started charging for cover. (wahooo) You really have to get their early to get to stay on the rooftop. By the time we got there it was already filled up; luckily the seats downstairs weren't filled up. (Yay! they don't charge for tables) Drinks were good, average price on the drinks. Our waitress was nice and kind enough to split up our tabs. I'd go back here again since i'm more of a bar/loungey type than a clubber.
2	Painfully hipster. No smoking inside on the first floor and there's a secret room (the Laundry Room) for new money. The bartenders do not know their cocktails or beers and are more concerned about flirting behind the bar. If you want the same atmosphere with more light- go across the street to their sister bar.
2	While the decor is definitely chic, and the upstairs rooftop patio is a nice touch, I just don't feel comfortable giving this place more than two stars.I actually went here for the X107.5 Listener Party back in May and was literally the first in line to enter and hang out.  I was promptly directed upstairs after I got my wristband and went and got my beer.Okay, not too bad, hanging out and having a good time with some free alcohol.  Within 15-20 minutes, I felt like a sardine in a warm, uncomfortable can.  I am pretty sure they went over capacity upstairs, and they wouldn't let people downstairs unless they absolutely had to (i.e., bathroom or leaving).  Uhh, okay.Apparently CBS Radio tried really hard to give their listeners a kick-ass party, and they did.  I don't fault them at all.  From snippets of conversations, they were not thrilled with Commonwealth's last-minute changes to their soiree.  At least they were able to give out their prizes and overall have a good time with their listeners.  Kudos.I fault Commonwealth for "running out of free beer" approximately half an hour into the 8pm-10pm free open bar.  One of the beers was Miller Lite, mind you, which is on tap.  If you're a bar on a Saturday night, it is VERY unlikely that you run out of a tap beer.Went back again to hang out with some out-of-town friends.  Nothing really spectacular about this place.  Go to The Griffin for better ambiance and better prices - it's a few doors down.
4	It is a nice venue with a lot of space to chill inside and outside in the balcony area. It is obvious what kind of clientele the bar is trying to attract (non-tourist, non-strip-hyped, hipster and yuppy types). It reminds me of spots in SF or Downtown LA. I think they can work on their music/DJ choice. i would prefer more indie rock/underground hip hop--or old school hip hop (90s and 80s). The drink specials were actually tasty. I had the men in tights (whisky drink).To be honest, I enjoy this spot actually rather than the usual spots my friends from out of town would like to go to in the strip. I will most likely frequent the place as I start making more local friends.Downside: cover?! But at least it is not uberly ridiculous like places in LA or on the strip.
4	Interestingly eclectic decor. There was a company holiday party going on downstairs and it was neat to bump into friends that were part of said party. Since it was packed downstairs, my friends and I went upstairs to the rooftop patio. They have nice comfy couches and they also have heaters for cold winter nights. You get a nice view of downtown LV from the patio. The crowd was good...none of the obnoxiously loud and drunk tourists.My friend told me that the drinks here were expensive. I really don't have a clue since I didn't pay for any drinks the whole night. Sweet!It's always an interesting long evening when I'm the DD (a very scary thing), one of my passengers falls asleep before we even REALLY start drinking...and it turns out that we went to the wrong bar. This was part of our bar crawl but was supposed to be the last stop not the first. Oops!
5	This place is awesome; a nice break from the strip, but still a great place with good music, cheap(er) drinks, a fun crowd, and a secret room you need a password for! There's an upstairs and a downstairs; I've been here one time where there was a line to get upstairs because it got too crowded. Downstairs has nice decor and plenty of seating, while upstairs has a big space to dance and heat lamps. Fantastic local-ish place to check out; my favorite in downtown!
3	-Interesting decor-Great lighting-Sucks when it's crowded-Rad when it's empty-Drinks a little priceyI gave this place 3 stars to be fair. I've been to commonwealth twice, both times were brief, but my second experience was 842903489032x better than the first. The first time I went was a Friday or Saturday evening and it was super crowded. Was not a fan of the weird scene there. I'm not really the "clubbing" type and that's kind of the vibe I got from this place. Ex "clubbers" who discovered Forever 21 and Unif, speaking loudly and cluelessly, and dancing awkwardly. It took a billion years to get a drink and I felt so out of place drinking it once I finally got it. Not my thing. However, if you're into that, that's fine. Second time I went, the place was totally dead. There were a few sophisticated types at the bar, the music was reasonable, and it took me about a second to get a drink. I took the opportunity to joke around and ordered the "punching glove" and my buddies ordered their drinks based on the tap handles as well (the tap handles are great and eclectic!). It was cute and fun! The bartender was super friendly and eager for us to try the beers and figure out what they were, too. Definitely would not mind going here on a slow day, even if the drinks are a littler pricier. The atmosphere on a slow day is much more welcoming and homey. I loved it!
5	We had our Great Gatsby wedding reception in the awesome Speakeasy. When we first got in the main bar was full with drunk people, someone dropped a pitcher of beer and it was just not the right wedding scene... Then we were escorted into the Laudry Room speakeasy.  They allowed us to rent the place out for a couple hours and we had an open bar. We had such an amazing time drinking old fashioned drinks we would never get at another bar. My guests were so impressed with the mixologist. We had a great time! Thank you Commonwealth!
4	Ive been hear twice now. Once on 4/20 2013 and 1/10/14 both good times. Its Downtown so what do you expect, its not the strip so nice jeans and shirt works. Now on 4/20 day this place was so packed, there was a line to get to the roof top and the place was just to packed. All of Vegas was packed so we got used to it. Dancing was a minimum just to packed. Now on 1/10/14 the place was busy but at least we were able to dance and enjoy the night on top of the roof with a beer in my hand. Drinks a little pricey with a beer and cosmo for 17 bucks. Bartenders drinks, my GF liked, so they knew how to make drinks. Both times we were there we had no issues, good atmosphere so we will be back.
4	I really like the clandestine speak easy down stairs. Got lucky to know someone to have a drink there. Other than that, the common bar is great. Lots of drinks and a great club upstairs with a great view of the El cortez.
2	Crowded. Overpriced. Men checking ID's in the front have literally denied my friends who are DEFINITELY older than 21.
1	the definition of "douchebag bar." your door people suck. um, do you honestly think you're The Standard or some shit? you work in a shithole place for shithole people. you probably make $10/hour and are happy with that. but i am very glad that this stupid job gives you so much confidence to act like a giant turd. you win! except you're really, really a big giant loser who stands outside and makes sure peoples' faces match their faces. congrats!! this must be the pinnacle of your life! sad.the interior is so empty it truly feels like an airplane hangar. except, the vibes in there are so douche-y, i'd rather land anywhere else and take my chances, thanks.just because you want an "air" of cool, chic, urban nightlife doesn't mean you can 'will' it into reality. i love how people say this place gets PACKED. please, go to bars in real urban cities, and when you come back, please tell me how 'packed' this place is. (or, you know, down the street somewhere - anywhere - more lively and welcoming.)i WISH this place was packed! then maybe i wouldn't be able to see all these painfully, awful, attention-hungry, self-proclaimed hipster wannabees, constantly looking around and adjusting their side-parts in the hopes that some other douchebag proud-to-call-themselves-a-hipster dickface will notice them. please. kill me.also, IF IT WAS PACKED, there'd be some justification in waiting 15 minutes to order a $10 BEER. there are FIVE (5) bartenders behind the counter. your establishment is empty - probably because the shitty bouncers ruined any chance of your bar gaining business. and then your shitty bartenders ruined any good experience that could potentially occur in this place because all the drinks are watered down and they roll their eyes at you for asking them to make you a drink. ISN'T THAT YOUR JOB? isn't that why you are wearing that stupid fucking outfit? i guess you don't want my $1 tip after all. thanks, i will keep it for myself and wipe my ass with it instead.just go down the street to literally anywhere else. it will probably be more packed than this dumb place because people actually ENJOY their time at other venues. IF YOU ARE CHARGING ME $10 FOR A BEER, CAN YOU AT LEAST PUT SOME HUSTLE INTO IT? i'd happily pay $10 for a beer on the strip; at least i can see the servers give a shit about their clientele, repeat business, and reputation.come here if you want to waste your money / time / youth, and look at a lot of empty dead space around you. if you do see anyone inside this establishment, they are probably dressed like they are trying too hard. and will act like it at any chance they get. because gaining access to a shitty bar on fremont east automatically makes you "cool" and thus you must be an authority on what "cool" is.*protip: check yourself in the mirror. if you're here, you're probably trying too hard, too, and should just leave. save yourself the shame of getting caught, and avoid this place at all costs. much cooler, cheaper, better bars lie ahead in your future.
4	Beautiful decor inside, very speak-easish.  Coming early on a Saturday night definitely beats the crowd, not sure if that's a good thing!
4	Went here last night with friends. It was off the hook! We stayed on the roof the whole night where the DJ played a mix of awesome tracks through the whole night. Despite the large diverse crowd, the waitresses continued to do a great job bringing us drinks through the night, all the while smiling and being personable. ( A lot of times waitresses/servers seem annoyed). I wish I remembered her name but she was awesome! Drinks were reasonably priced also. Just a real fun night!
4	Crazy Happy Hour. Till 9 o'clock . Half off all drinks . also extra nice bar staff. No food menu. Nice spot with cool decor.
2	Eh... "hipsters" ... I should know better... I really should... but whatever.. .ended up downtown one night... we all decided a beer is a good idea... ran across this place.  Umm... the setup isn't horrible, two stories... an INSANE amount of stairs to get up to the second floor, but it is what it is.  Hipsters everywhere! ... not my scene at all.. Decided 1 beer seems like a good idea... so I go to order a bud light because it's a classy night like that... umm... nope can't get it... get offered PBR?  Seriously? I can't even get a bud light... whatever... get a newcastle instead... $9 later I'm annoyed... over priced, around people that seem like they need to look in a mirror... meh... over it.
4	This place is great - everyone who works here is super nice and friendly. They have great drink deals - my bill consisted of 3 Magic Hats, and 3 shots of Jameson for only $18. The rooftop patio is wonderful and both inside and outside has a great vibe. Anyone that complains this place is pretentious or snobby or expensive is so stuck up themselves they probably spent their entire night being as rude as possible to everyone around them and deserved all the bad vibes they received.
3	Nothing special about it is pretty much how I'd describe it. It was new year's day, so understandably the city had cleared out after celebrations from the night before. Sadly, we couldn't get into the Laundry Room in the back.Not sure why, but they insisted on keeping the door open, which made the place just as cold as the outside (esp. since there was also air coming in from the balcony level). The music was also really loud. Drinks were good though.
4	The Vibe: Crowded/Happenin Rooftop outdoor patio with its share of bumpin and grindin, as well as others chillaxin. I believe they mix it up and showcase a different genre of music each night. The Attire: Urban Outfitters, Old Navy, some Forever 21. Consider: most people are going to the top floor because there is nothing like it for so cheap an entry, so entry line is long. Go when most people have left which is around 1am. Also, they have a better selection of local craft beer and non local popular craft too.
4	A beautiful, 2-story, building.  Complete with 2 doormen --- seriously, you're not getting in if you plan on any funny business.Downstairs, a big floor, beautiful bar, chandeliers, and seating around the edges.  Upstairs, music is playing real loud, but it's off the hook great.  This white man got down (and nearly couldn't get back up).Sure drinks are a tad expensive, but who cares, it's Vegas and its burning a hole in your pocket anyway.
4	I really enjoyed this place.  I am not one to go to lounges/bars since I don't care for alcohol.  However, we decided to go because it is our friend's friend birthday and Earl had not been here before (I've been here with Debbie for a Cochon event).  We arrived a bit after 9:30pm and it wasn't crowded.  We were able to move around freely.  After looking at the menu, I was surprise that the prices were decent...or so I thought because when I made a comment that wow, this drink is only $10 (in my surprise voice), Nate said "Earl, you need to take her out more often."  I was totally comparing the prices to Jaleo's and Rose.Rabbit.Lie's prices and anything less than those places I would think is good, due to the fact that those were the only 2 places that I ever remembered reading the drink prices.  Both Annie and I settled for the Moscow Mule.  It was DEE-LICIOUS.  Then a kind staff pointed to an area where we may lounge around.  After a while, we decided to hit up the rooftop patio.  It was a bit chilly at first but after warming up under the heat lamp and Moscow mule kicking in, I warmed up.  Well, my face was red but that didn't stopped me from accepting another Moscow Mule from Annie.  Um um um..yummy I tell ya.  This night was the most I have drank in a long time.  The vibe was great.  We liked it because people can be as dressy, or as casual as they please.  The music blazing on the rooftop was pretty awesome too.  There was a mix of everything.  People can dance if they want to as well.The only minus I would say is that we had a table but we were somewhat scooted away since the bouncer or whoever he was suppose to be, was flashing his flashlight and lead a group of people to the table that we were surrounding.Anywho, Earl and I will be taking my brother-in-law to Commonwealth when he comes to visit us.  We are fans!
4	Ventured here towards the end of my night so I was a bit tipsey at this point but what I will say is this place has lots of space. It has a awesome vibe and everyone I encountered was really friendly!!! It has two levels the upstairs area allows for breath of fresh air and cozy places to sit! the drinks were not something I remember so I can't really give a good idea but the security staff was all really nice and I remember enjoying the vibe!
3	I really love the feel of this place, but, as with most things in the East Fremont District, it is a bit pricey.  The best part of this bar is the roof.  Most of the times I have gone, a DJ has been spinning on the south side and the bar area and tables/chairs overlooking 6th street have been PACKED.The bar usually has mixologists with lots of custom and signature cocktails.The reason for 3 stars: inconsistency of product.  I could harp about prices, but I know, every time, going in, that it is a bit more expensive than other bars in the area.  So that's a given and I am still willing to come here.  My issue has been with the beverages.  I have received warm beer (Guinness & Batch 19) and cocktails that do no taste the same.  However, I once described a person to the mixologist and she recommended a drink that was perfect for her.  I tasted it and it was amazing.  Ernest Hemingway, I think.Anymore, the crowds for the place have gotten bigger and more touristy.  Last time I was there, $5 cover charge just to go in.  Some friends (the Q's) were there a little while before me and they had no cover charge.  If there is a cover, unless it is a friend's event, I'll skip.  Thanks for the memories, onto the next bar!
3	I came here because many people told me it was poppin' and the interior design looks amazing in photos.Both proved to be true. Drinks are overpriced and people tend to stick exclusively to their little groups. I came here to see So Super Sam DJ on the roof. It was a cold and windy night but the atmosphere and alcohol made it better.Great place to people watch, hang out, and take photos. There is a sort of dance floor on the roof as well. All in all, fun place to go with the right group of friends.
4	Was there sunday night to see the band Elvis Monroe. Those guys are awesome by the way! Anyway, its a cool spot downtown with a cool vibe. Drinks are kind of expensive but they got some good stuff on tap. Randy Couture was even there and went on stage to play with the band. Cool spot, it was a fun night
4	Commonwealth is not really my kind of place, however, my review is based on the service mostly as well as just the overall feel of the place. This was the second time I had come here, the first was their opening week and I walked in, up, down, and out in under ten minutes. The place is gorgeous, but the scene is not my cup of tea. So this last visit was due to a good friends birthday get together. He reserved a table  and they gave us the whole section by the door. Their chairs are pretty cool. I believe the birthday was going to steal the Beatlejuice seat at one point during the night. Like I said, I love the decor in this place, though there are so creepy pictures hanging up. "Jimmy cricket and the Lorax", looking picture did entertain the group for some time. Anyway, just so you all are aware, to reserve a table the minimum you must spend is 250, plus the 50 for gratuity so that is $300 dollars to have a table on the weekend. That is a lot, for me at least. However, I think everyone got at least 3 drinks, and the birthday boy 4. There is about 6-7 of us at one point. I would say that if you are with a huge group, go for it, but if not, find a space on the bar and wiggle your way in. If you do get a table then your service should be pretty good. Our server was Shannon or Sandra, Shauna maybe. It started with an S, but she was pretty good. There were times she took her time, but I have a feeling that was due to the bar being backed up with the crowd. So, whoever was behind the stick that night was trying their best I am sure. Other than that, she was super sweet, suggested some good drinks for folks who didnt know what they wanted, and I asked for a lager (because I couldnt read the chalk board of beer names) and she brought me a Harp. My favorite! Then I saw they had Magic Hat #9 and switched. They have a pretty good beer list my friends. Pricey, but good. Overall, it was a good experience and I could see myself returning if the opportunity presented itself.
4	Came here after Yelp! CMYE at Park on Fremont. Pretty interesting interior decor. Very dark lighting. Didn't get to go upstairs. Apparently the view is very nice from the terrace. The drink i got to try was the "Men in Tights". A jameson (whiskey) based drink. Forgot what was in it but it wasn't bad (non-drinker). I can taste the jameson but its not too strong. Other flavors in the drink kinda melded together making it a pretty nice drink. Seemed like a pretty nice place to hang out at if you are in downtown LV.
4	Great selection of Belgian beers.  Love the decor, paintings and photos.  Patio bar upstairs, quite a few stairs, but worth it. Attentive servers. Kitty corner to the el Cortez. Fun to watch the street below.
2	How dare you try and charge me to walk into a damn bar. Pathetic.
3	This bar is pretty cool and it's part of the revival of downtown Las Vegas.Enjoying this part isn't hard, with 99% of bars with a lot machines ringing the whole time it great to find a place your able to sit down and have a drink with friends.The decor is pretty standard vintage slash nightclub theme, yes I'm not sure if that's the best way to define it but hey I wasn't an art major.I never got to head upstairs but that is for sure a Sunday session waiting to happen!
4	Happy hour review!I've only been here for events and happy hour, so I can't speak for the regular menu prices or clientele, but I'm a fan of that HH. HH is Wednesday to Friday 6 p.m. - 9 p.m:Well drinks: $3Ketel One and Crown Royal cocktails: $5Craft beers: $5Domestic draft beer: $3Hit the roof (opens at 7pm) and enjoy the weather with a few discounted cocktails! There is no live music/dj at that time, but they pipe in tunes from downstairs, so you can still bop that head should you so choose to do so. If you can snag the couch in the corner, do so, otherwise you might be stuck with your back against a fence (poor). If the roof isn't your thing (or you might melt up there), the downstairs portion of the bar is pretty wide open during these hours. Sure, you're missing out on the main cocktail menu here, so if you want the real experience of this bar, snag one of those drinks and then pay the same amount for 2 Crown's after :) It seems that most peeps are complaining about the hipsters and the prices, so HH should solve all of your problems :)
5	New addition downtown and its a wing dinger!   Love the outdoor upstairs patio.  The views here make it 4 star, the drinks and vibe make it 5 star.   Go, dont wait, fridays and saturday, or thursdays after work, for the business crowd.  Its kinda really super duper hipster, but the place is tight!  5 Star, Get some!
2	A wonderful place to go and sober up. Pricey and busy. Lots of pretty people. A few are not so pretty as they think, but still.
1	I'll be short here.........Ummm NO.  As most people quote, yah the decor is nice...Well guess who's paying for that?  The consumer hence the overpriced drinks...Guess the concept works its always packed...
4	Really love the vibe of this place. They make a killer Moscow Mule and always have great music playing. The prices are also really decent for this upcoming area. Lookout for their locals only red cad for drink discounts. Lastly - La Thai is right next door!
4	Went here last night with friends. It was off the hook! We stayed on the roof the whole night where the DJ played a mix of awesome tracks. Everybody up there was dancing! Despite the large diverse crowd, the waitresses continued to do a great job bringing us drinks through the night, all the while smiling and being personable. ( A lot of times waitresses/servers seem annoyed). I wish I remembered her name but she was awesome! Drinks were reasonably priced also. Just a real fun night!
2	Like many, I enjoy a good cocktail.  Cocktails in a cool setting?  Even better.  Unfortunately, Commonwealth only delivers on one of those two things.  Hint: I like to get their $12 beer and shot special in lieu of a cocktail.The space itself is very cool, with an indoor lounge-type atmosphere downstairs and an open air patio on the roof with a DJ playing.  This is not the place for deep conversation, as the music is very loud throughout.  Still, if you're just out to celebrate with a group, and maybe do a little dancing, there are worse places to do so downtown.Anyways, the drinks.  My problem is that the cocktails are wildly inconsistent.  Ordering the same drink twice in one night leaves me with two completely different cocktails.  It's not just a one off occurrence, this has happened to me so many times that I no longer order cocktails here.  If friends want to stop by here I won't be a downer and try to talk them out of it, I'll just be enjoying my beer and shot for the sake of consistency.
4	4 stars because there's a $5 cover charge on a Saturday. I mean, it's not that worth it. Drinks are not bad. Server recommended a drink that was too sweet and was nice enough to get me another drink.
3	They're friendly and all, but a little too hipstery for my taste. Long line to get in, and the other surrounding bars don't charge a cover and aren't as strict about dress code. My big issue is that I like to drink really random cocktails, and they weren't equipped to make most of my choices (this was in the upstairs bar). They couldn't make a redbull hennesey (no cognac), also not equipped to make a red death (no sloe gin), no blue curacao, and no midori, so they took my top 5 choices off the table. They did finally make a pretty good coctail for me with what they did have, but I'd rather not spend $13 per drink if I'm not on the strip.
4	Main thing I love about commonwealth is the music. They play good music you can down to! The drinks are a little more expensive than other places and it's hard to find a place to sit. I just love the music they play :)
1	Place sucks now!! I few months ago this bar was happening, now all you find are annoying 21 yr old drunks celebrating their birthday. The drinks taste like gasoline.  The good bartenders all mostly gone, too bad this place lost their touch!The only good spot in there is the laundry (speakeasy) room.Wouldn't be surprised if commonwealth  goes out of business!!
4	The decor and atmosphere here is really stylish and fun, 1920's ish. The rooftop patio is great for people watching and enjoying the nice weather. Drinks are decent prices, their cocktail menu consists mostly of very sweet drinks (which I don't like), but well cocktails are very well made and pretty strong. Usually a pretty young, stylish crowd, but sometimes a weird mix of out of place tourists earlier in the night.
2	I went to the Commonwealth on Saturday night and was expecting to be wowed. The decor is interesting and I did like it. They have a large downstairs area and also an upstairs patio. We went upstairs to get a drink and they have this huge area with like 4 couches to sit on. What a waste of space.We changed our minds and went back downstairs and it was the same situation. A huge area with no seating. We did get lucky and get a place to sit. They have a small menu with their signature drinks. We ordered 3 of the "little hot mess" and I am not kidding when I say that they all tasted different.The drinks were 9.00 each and not that great. I probably would not ever come back here. There was just nothing special that did it for me. Maybe if I was here later and they had an amazing DJ or something like that. They definitely have enough room for dancing.
3	As a Las Vegas native, I feel like it's really taken a long time to have any sort of cocktail culture develop here. Once Commonwealth opened, I knew we were on to something. The cocktail menu is perfect. However, I still can't get over that vegas club feel. Best bet? Stop by on a weeknight you'll find less crowds, quieter music, and the perfect chill cocktail experience you're looking for.
3	I'm a fan of the upstairs patio, some what weird decorations, and alcohol selection. But where's the elevator? I probably just couldn't find it or something but if I was drinking a little I'd love an elevator ride up and down. I was kind of dissapointed in it wasn't weird enough for me, was expecting more weirdness. Drinks arent cheap especially when it's not Happy Hour. During HH I think drafts went for $5, don't order the coronas they were $6 don't think they're on HH. The bar downstairs has a large selection of craft beers I liked what they offered.  The tap handles are interesting there was a phone, trophy, and stuff. Upstairs was nice theres a nice bar with an awesome view of downtown and what's going on along Fremont East. On cooler nights I'd definitely find myself up there but if it's out stay inside plenty of AC.The environment is chill what I like about any good bar. Customer service was good and wont take long taking your order especially towards the end of HH and you just wanna get your last drinks in before its over. There's a secret room where you text someone and they let you it. It's the Laundry Room it's a little too private for me but there's another business listing for that so I'll describe my experience in there.Overall it's 3.something stars I like it, it's alright but nothing special besides the upstairs and the laundry room. I'd be back for HH or if friends wanna hang out there.
5	A hidden gem downtown! decently priced drinks, great layout, great vibe. The service was top notch, and chelsea was very attentive and friendly. Definitely a place to hang out with friends.
5	Downtown Wednesday Block Happy Hour brought me here for my second time. Despite the fact that I heard several people state the drink prices are insane, I still wanted to check this place out. So on my first visit I discovered the drink are not in fact that pricey. For upcoming downtown, in a nice building with a cool atmosphere they were a good price at about $9-12, max! Yea, still on the upper side but not the $18 everyone warned me about. Also, check out the regular HH specials.Anyhow, they had awesome specials for the Block HH. We had a couple drinks here, we tried a couple new beers and I tried the cocktail made with cinnamon tequila, was just ok. Definitely could taste the cheap tequila it was made with. Their rooftop patio is great but don't go up there hungry, the wonderful smells coming for Le Thai will hypnotize you! But then again maybe that's a good thing because Le Thai is amazing but that's another review. There are a a few couches up there but who needs that when you can pony up to the gated wall and people watch from above. I love the table tents labeled Dibbs great touch!
5	Love this place.  Always make it a destination when heading to Vegas.  Cool vibe, great atmosphere, incredible sound systems downstairs, the speakeasy and the rooftop bar.
3	Been here about three times. The decor is nice and simple. The first time I really liked it but the second and third time was a completely different scene, whole bunch of hipsters and a lot of my guy friends complained about the girl selection lmao Drinks are a little pricier than normal but nothing compared to a club. The rooftop is nice if it doesn't take 30 minutes standing in line to get up there but their selection of music became very random and we have basically stopped going here.
5	I love, love, love this place!! Came here with my boss and her hubby. Great music, great people, great drinks! The drinks were a little pricey, but again this is Vegas. I'll definitely be frequenting this place often!!
4	This bar feels out of place in Freemont East as it is a classy, upscale establishment.  A two floor location with a bar on each floor and friendly waitresses.  It is a great place to people watch from the top or relax and drink some of their signature cocktails.  They are constantly adding drinks to the menu and the bartenders will make you some off menu items if you ask.  Seating is at a premium on crowded nights and the crowd is a young professional crowd.  Things that could make this place better are some snacks (it is bad to offer alcohol without at least something to absorb it) and live music on a regular basis.
1	The lady at the door was very pleasant. The bartenders were okay. The waitresses were cool. The reason I'm giving it 1 star because of the bathroom attendant in the boys room. My friend left his phone in there, we went back to ask for it. The bathroom attendant had it and said "what are you gonna give me?" My friend was like "I don't have any cash I'm so sorry." So I give him a couple dollars and he goes "that's it?" WHAT A FUCKING JOKE!!!! You seriously need to fire that guy. And apparently the money wasn't enough because he made us go get cash out in order to get more money for the phone. Obviously I didn't let that happen and took the phone. Seriously.... Fucking asshole. And then he started shouting about "next time I'm just gonna throw the phone away!" Bastard.
4	A great place to hang out with friends! Upstairs there's a live DJ and that's where the dancing usually occurs. Downstairs is usually more laid back, Light music has a more relaxed feel. There's a bar upstairs and downstairs. The balcony upstairs usually gets pretty darn crowded! So be prepared to be shoulder to shoulder with someone on a busy night (weekends). There's always a fight every time I come here. Someone always gets knocked out or carried out! They have my new favorite drink, Moscow Mule which comes in a copper cup! Awesome! The little hot mess is a pretty good drink also. But it's really small for the price they charge but I guess that's everywhere so I shouldn't really complain about that. Good place, good atmosphere!
5	Love this place!!! Love the live music, love the vibe! They have champagne out of a can which normally I wouldn't even bother trying, but I have to say I love it too! Drinks come in mason jars which attributes to the full effect of a vintage, classy, friendly bar. No need to come dressed to impress either is one of my other favorite things about this place.
4	This is a pretty popular place in downtown area, hard to miss since it's close to Griffin and across from Insert Coins. The decor is like stepping back in time a bit but at the same time has modern touches everywhere. They also have a outdoor patio upstairs with a full bar. If you come here early enough you don't need to pay cover on a Friday evening. A friend came in after midnight and had to pay cover but we were there around 11pm and didn't need to pay! They have some awesome drinks! Got to try Birthday Sex, the Marauder on Fremont street, the Dude Abides, and Panty Dropper. They were all delicious, but it also depends on your preference like a friend of ours didn't like chocolate so anything with chocolate on it he didn't really like but the rest of us loved it. They also have the Laundry Room which is reservation only, we're going to go try it next time!
5	Fantastic bar! Everything from the ambiance to the drinks to the service is top notch. Plus, the rooftop bar/lounge is pretty amazing. My wife and I went in for a few cocktails one night and absolutely fell in love with the place. We will be back MANY times.
1	The bouncers were very disrespectful to us, and would not let my friend in claiming his I.D. was fake. It's 100% real and he was able to answer all questions and provide numerous other forms of ID. Is someone with a fake ID really going to go through the effort of faking every single item in his wallet?I really wish I had gotten to experience this place as it was personally recommend by a local. Unfortunately, we came out here from the strip for nothing, and no one in our group of 6 will ever be able to say anything positive about this venue.
5	Downtown on Fremont St is more and more becoming one of my go-to spots when in Vegas for a quick weekend getaway and I'm not feeling like doing anything huge or ridiculous, like pay exorbitant fees to get into a jam-packed nightclub with overpriced drinks and nothing but EDM blasting through the speakers for everyone to jump or flail to (notice how I did not say "dance to").Commonwealth is right up your alley as far as a chill night in the city is concerned: don't have to be on any guestlist or wait in a huge line or pay a huge cover. The different craft beers are great, the cocktails are excellent, the DJ spins awesome music. Upstairs there's a rooftop "sky bar" where you can chill and enjoy the night, overlooking Fremont St.Try the banana bread beer and my favorite: the Men in Tights cocktail (for all you whiskey lovers).-civilities.
2	The manager recently reached out to me offering an apology and inviting my group back. It is appreciated, and I will update this review further if I ever get the chance to stop by.
3	Get the banana bread beer..super delish
1	I've been to Commonwealth many times and never had a bad experience until last night.  This review can be filed under safety.  My friend and I went up to the rooftop bar and were treated very well by the bartender.  Didn't catch her name but have had her before and she has always been awesome--none of the downtown attitude.  DJ was awesome, as well.  The problem came at around 1:30.  It seems that someone put something in both of our drinks, most likely while we were dancing. Within 20 minutes my friend lost me in the crowd and became extremely aware that something was wrong.  She stumbled out of the bar and was able to make it across the street to the taxi stand at El Cortez.  She does not remember what she said to the cab driver or the ride home. She was unable to move most of the night and vomited until mid afternoon today.  3 drinks at the bar, vodka and sodas--nothing fancy, no shots--all within a 2 and a half hour time period. At around 2 as I was trying to find my friend, I dropped my phone.  In the process of trying to find it, my legs also were jello.  I was barely able to move and fell at least twice.  We both had 3 drinks at the bar over the course of 2 and a half hours, nothing to bring on this type of reaction.  Upon finding Commonwealth staff to help, a bouncer came to look.  Once he determined the phone was gone, he walked me down to the exit where I was told I had to leave.  When I said I just wanted to find my phone and that I couldn't find my friend, he responded that I was too drunk and that my options were for him to handcuff me and wait for metro or I could leave.  I was barely able to walk, was in tears, and was completely alone at 2:30am on Fremont Street. I don't remember how I got home.  Today has been awful--sweating profusely, dizziness, nausea--off 3 drinks? But the worst was how the security handled the situation.  Rather than seeing that there was a safety issue, they assumed I was a drunk and put me and possibly others in great danger.  Overall, it was a complete failure by security in ensuring the safety and well being of their patrons. Watch your drinks, ladies, because security certainly won't be helpful if you are drugged.
5	Seriously my favorite spot downtown. Love the vibe and atmosphere, can't get that anywhere on the strip! I will definitely be coming here more often.
5	Great venue! The customer service here is bar to none (pun on words)!  Love the atmosphere!  This is the place my close friends, girlfriend, and I go to when we want a nice night out!
3	Going to this place is a hit or miss, some nights it is awful, other nights its awesome. there are no real just good nights. Very pricy. I go here once every 2 to 3 months, if i have friends that want to go downtown, this usually is a spot i hit
1	Harrah is the rudest manager!!! So we made a reservation for my wife's Bday and 3 of our 4 guests were there when we checked in. Our fourth was about a min out and Harrah informed us to wait where we were and that she would come back and seat us as soon as our other member arrived. A couple minutes later we were all there and we stood waiting for her to return. After 5mins passed we asked the bartender and he informed us to just hang tight and she should be out shortly. 5 more mins passed so we decided to text her again. No response for another 5 mins and then she comes out to seat another group, afterwards she doesn't return, only texts us that we missed our time and that she wouldn't seat us. I asked for clarification and to speak with her and 15 mins later she finally comes out, talks to some other guests and then eventually come over to our party who has been standing in the same spot for almost 30mins. Her explanation was that they have tables available but that she wouldn't seat us because we missed our reservation! I asked if there was anything she could do since it was my wife's Bday and her response was, "that's not my problem." To make matters worse when we asked the bartender to validate that we had all been on time and waiting on her, she just walked off. The bartender was empathetic but confirmed our suspicion that the real issue here is that Harrah has a power complex and is one of those people who likes to turn down customers to make herself feel special. What she doesn't understand is there are tons of bars in town with signature cocktails and that mixology isn't a limited art in Vegas. If you want a good speakeasy skip this place and go to the  velveteen rabbit instead. The owners there want nothing more than to take care of their guests.
4	Great upstairs patio - had a fun night on Freemont, despite thinking I wouldn't
5	Yoooooo Commonwealth is great. I guess that's the best way to describe it. I've never had a bad experience there. Their beer selection is great. I always get the banana bread beer they have on tap. First of all, who doesn't like banana bread and beer? So yeah, go for that.The Commonwealth is slowly becoming my go-to place when my friends are asking about what we should do. It's a great environment and the staff are nice and the people who go there are fun. I like beer.
5	...
4	My favorite spot in downtown. Dancefloor upstairs gets cracking around midnight.
1	Front door guy is a joke. Charging me 70 for entry (that's not even night club numbers). Prior to that he tells me "you know it's a private party right!!?" If I didn't know that I wouldn't be In front of the line. He questions my envelope which had my money and I bet once he saw how thick it was (singles) he thought he could bump up the price when the front desk girl said it's really 20. What a joke.
4	Okay, so I used to be completely opposed to this place due to the mere fact they had the audacity to charge $5 cover, even for locals, their beer selection sucked and all their drinks were ridiculously over priced but they must have gone under new management b/c they have a great bottled beer selection now and even have an awesome happy hour that runs until 9pm on Friday nights!!Aside from all that, they have an upstairs outside area that is rather spacious with various spots of seats clustered around a table. You can see Fremont from here so it's great ppl watching. There's a bar upstairs too.The decor is very nice. It feels like an oldschool bar from the 50's or something. The coolest part is their "speakeasy" which is a secret bar that you have to do something in order to get into. I will not share any details but will just say it's a cool secret spot.
4	I'm a sucker for chandeliers, what can I say?So I'm not usually a DTLV type, but when I come, I love going to a place that has good dancing, fun people, and nice decor. Commonwealth definitely hits on all of the above! Chandeliers?...check!Hipster bartenders wearing all black and bowties?....check!Upstairs outdoor patio with DJ playing dance tunes?...check!Good drinks?...semi-check! the drinks are yummy but a little $$Good crowd?...mehhh, It's fun hitting up the dance floor, but the downstairs bar area was a little lacking for a Fri night. All in all, I love the decor so much, I'd come back lots :) This is such a great yuppie/hipster spot, it's just sad that there aren't that many hipsters in Vegas to enjoy it!
4	Very cool environment bartender was really cool but drinks are a bit pricy. I'll go back
4	My favorite spot downtown. I never go downtown without stopping here. Love the atmosphere. Love the music. I was just there recently for first Friday & DJ Teenwolf was on point! Playing all the good old school songs & also the recent ratchet music I don't mind getting down to.
4	This little bar at the Hipster section of Fremont Street (past all the crazy) is awesome!  Gorgeous interior with wood accents and dark chandeliers give it a Gothic look while screaming speakeasy at the same time.  The drinks are very creative (try "The Hot Mess").  Very friendly bar staff (although it was empty when I was in there and perhaps that is why I received so much attention)Place seems like it most likely attracts more locals than it does tourists.  I would come back here in a heart beat if I was ever caught dead in Fremont.
5	I wasn't here long enough to give a thorough review, but I will say that I am overjoyed Las Vegas now has a bar like this for locals off-strip! It's fun, sexy, hipster, and beautiful. There's a rooftop bar with tables, great DJ, large beer selection, and downstairs is dark, gothic and victorian- everything I want in a bar and in life LOL. I hear there is a secret speakeasy with 12 seats inside somewhere that you need reservations for... so I'll have to find a way on that list! The roof is great for people watching down below...considering having my birthday here!
3	I give this place a 3 it's very very very small on the rooftop you know people are attracted to rooftops so why is it so small!? DEF crowded and uncomfortable ..& There weren't enough seats for people to sit .. Other than that it's a BEAUTIFUL bar decorations were very elegant yet vintage! And a perfect location spot
3	The look of the bar is interesting and the drinks (bottles or draught) provide a good selection. The employees have always been pretty awful in particular the people at the door. Last time I went they failed to mention the bar was closing in like 15 minutes and made our group pay a cover to get in. Not my favorite spot, especially when there are such great places surrounding it.
4	We always have a good night here and recommend the 'ello governor' if you like vodka. Be prepared for a wait on First Fridays (to get in and to go upstairs). Music upstairs is great when it's the DJ who plays mostly hip-hop and r&b, otherwise it can be obnoxious. Don't wear flip-flops as they'll stick to the floor!
5	Such an awesome atmosphere! Private "secret" bar in a separate room if you know the right people. Always good crowd, great drinks & enjoyable music.
3	Really cool bar club that if you get on the rooftop you can have a great view from up high. Enjoy will go again
3	Was here for the fist time last night for a birthday party. The positive things were that I did liked the decor and the staff was friendly. Now on that note... The music was very quiet inside which is kind of a biz kill. The girl sieving drinks to our table kept forgetting my drink. I ended going up to the bar to get what I wanted. She did finally bring be what I asked for after I had finished up my second drink. Now the drinks seem very week. I had one vodka shot and a total of six whiskey-cokes with no buzz :-/I will go back and give it another shot though. Overall I had a good time but the company was good...
4	Chill place. The downstairs area seemed like a completely different vibe and crowd from the upstairs area. Downstairs seemed, for lack of a better word, professional - a lot of seemingly older folks (mostly men) trying to mingle with what women there were downstairs. Upstairs was a bit of a younger, funner crowd who were in bigger groups of friends. We had reserved a table next to the DJ booth - great music selection from all DJs across the board. Our waitress was on top of things and even allowed us to split the bill, which really surprised me. Drinks were strong and even on the chilly, rainy Vegas night, people were outside on the rooftop deck enjoying themselves. Bathroom is downstairs so girls be careful going up and down the stairs in your heels. I'm excited to go to the Laundry Room one day and check their specialty cocktails out. I'm not a big club person whatsoever, I like being in bed by 10pm, but I had to go out at night in Vegas, I'd prefer going here.
5	It's a tad bit pricey but the environment is amazing. This is definitely a downtown jewel. These guys have it good, downstairs is serious and maybe quiet but upstairs is where the party is at. They have a good selection of drinks and brews. A little weak on pouring but the environment makes up for it.
1	I've been to Commonwealth before and it's always crowded but a good time. I understand First Friday is going to busy so I didn't mind waiting in line outside. It went pretty fast, like 20 minutes. But once I was inside and wanted to go upstairs, I stood there for a good 40 minutes while people wearing gold wristbands got to cut the line. I wondered how can one obtain a gold wristband so I asked someone and they said they knew someone who worked there. Ok well, I don't know anyone so I waited patiently in line til it was my turn. Finally I'm in front and I'm just standing there by myself as people keep passing me. Now it was just me because my friends were upstairs already so I asked the guy guarding the stairs if I can head up. He simply stated that I can "take care" of him or wait. Now I grew up in Vegas and I've never had any problems getting into any club and I've never had to "take care" of any bouncer so I waited and waited and waited. I never knew Commonwealth had turned into a disgusting money hungry place. I decided my money is better spent at Gold Spike where the people are honest and I can get in because I've waited my turn in line. Will I be back? Nope. Hopefully other people feel the same way and Commonwealth changes their disgusting practices.
3	Fun place with great drinks and a great view upstairs. The reason for the 3 stars is that the bartenders are  doucht and when I'm paying a lot for my drinks I expect them to be nice. Oh well.
4	First off F@&k your b!?$h and the click you claim west side when we ride come equip with gameYAAAASSSS FINALLY a place that plays HIP HOP and not that wack 2014 Drake crap TU PAC, dog pound, west side connection the good stuff! I found my Saturday nights again! If I walked into one more bar or club that played that EDM stuff I was gonna hang up my party pants for good. (That's a lie) but still... LolThe upstairs outdoor area is dope. It over looks the whole east Fremont street great place to get your drank on while people watching and listening to good music.
2	I was there with a large group of friends, spending money on drinks for hours.  They say they close at 2 am and the bouncer wouldn't let our other friend in at 1:30. It was freezing outside and he refused because he said they were closing in 5 minutes. I asked if he could just come in and sit down and he said nope, I'm going to kick all you out in 5 minutes.  We are all locals and in the industry...This guy was a total jerk and you all just lost out on some local love. We will spread the word about how we were treated.  Not. Cool.
2	First time here! My sis wanted to check it out since she liked the music she was hearing. They have hip hop music blaring from the roof deck and a downstairs area playing melancholy music. Free entrance for the ladies and charging 5.00 for the men. Be prepared to wait in a line just to get upstairs though! I heard a few people saying to pay the guy manning the stairs $10pp just so he can let you in without waiting,..wtf! No thanks, get yourself a drink with that! The plus side is there's a lot of seating downstairs..you'll need it cause the music will definitely put you to sleep! Anyhow..upstairs..small..small..small place! Forgot to mention too that if you waited to get upstairs and now find yourself needing the restroom you can find yourself back in that line to get upstairs cause the only accessible bathroom is downstairs! Isn't that a bia! Drinks are about $10..but your gonna spend a pricey amount if you want to get your buzz on because I don't think they even add alcohol..we ordered our drinks and all it was, was juice! What a shame! It's one of the places you could say..been there done that ain't going back! There are many more places in downtown to go!
1	We were throwing a party for our good friend last night and she bought a $500 tab for everyone to share at our table (20+ ppl). There was a girl with buns and/or a beanie that would bring our drinks to us and take our orders. She comes with the last bit of drinks under the tab and it runs out without any of our knowledge and she asks us with a dumb smiling face if we wanted to get anything else, and of course we did, still thinking our tab is paid for... anyway we get our drinks then a few minutes later she comes back with a piece of crap security guard telling us we owe them money for the drinks we ordered. I was drunk and p i s s e d off and ended up paying it all!!! Honestly those sh!ts should've been free!!! It's HER fkn job to tell us if the tab had been closed or not BEFORE we start ordering more. Will NOT be coming here ever again. However, I WILL be spreading the word of how terrible this place is.
4	I have walked by Commonwealth a zillion times, and when the weather is nice, the roof deck basically takes over the block! It is packed and music is pumpin' out of the sound system. It is a scene for sure, but in the best way. If you are looking for a crazy Down Town hotspot - you will not be unhappy.Although my experience was a bit different than what you may find in the warm summer nights. We met some friends staying off Freemont St. and ended up here on a cold January night. My first time in, and it was awesome. The upstairs was closed. The downstairs interior was beautiful, in a funky hipstery kinda way. Seating areas are fun and cozy. And even at this early 7PM hour, there was a definite buzz to the room. I am really starting to appreciate the hidden jewels of the Freemont Area, and this is definitely one of them.
3	Overpriced but fun bar.When I go to downtown Las Vegas I don't expect to pay Strip prices especially when it is a bar and not a club.  Be prepared to wait in line to enter and wait in line to go up to the roof (which is the best spot) and pay cover if you are male (luckily females are free).  Also be prepared to spend $8-$10 for a beer.  In my opinion the beer selection does not warrant that price range. Price aside this place is really fun and has a Hipster vibe. It sort of reminds me of Austin. Lots of beards, plaids, and tattoos.  The music ranges from hip hop to EDM and dance battles happen often on the roof.  Also if you call ahead you can make reservations for the "laundry room" which is a private room that fits about 15 people comfortably.  Inside there is a bartender who makes speciality craft drinks that cost even more!Overall one of the more fun bars in downtown but you can find same drink selection cheaper across the street.
