4	I have been to many Whole Foods before...They are all the same...fancy, great choices, and unique foods.  Here's the problem:  I have a 5 star taste  on a fast food budget.  I love great food!  Nothing is better than the finest.  I think we all have a sweet spot for it...I walk in to this new one on the way home and WOW!  More food and even more choices...They even sell shoes there!  Yes, shoes!  The produce was wonderful, the fruit delectable and the cheese out of this world!  I could eat everything in sight...I barely got out of there with three kinds of cheese.  I could have left with ten!  This Whole Foods, which is in very north Scottsdale, has one-upped the others in true Scottsdale fashion...Adding more choices, more stations ( oh god, the olive bar! ), and more gluten-free products than I've ever seen.  To wrap things up, here is the reason why it only gets four stars...The prices!  My palette deserves these tastes, but just a bit cheaper...Help!
4	Like so many things in Arizona, this was Whole Foods on steroids. Organic, grass fed steroids, but f-ing steroids. The place is huge, and I kept wanting to go back and just see what else they had. I never thought I would be susceptible to produce section envy, but comparing it to our local Whole Foods in San Francisco, I just didn't feel ours measures up :(I had to go back for a second visit to make sure I hadn't dreamt this place up. No, it was real. The plentiful parking was real.Minus one star, for the very REAL and slow ass coffee bar people.
4	Wow!This is the biggest, newest, craziest Whole Foods I've been to yet!Like Jason R said, this really is Whole Foods on steroids!I went by for lunch today and I didn't take the time to go up and down the isles, but I could tell that one could spend hours in this store if they wanted!  The salad bar, hot food bar, Mexican bar, Indian bar, sushi bar, sandwich bar, and more kept me plenty busy and it was tough to make up my mind!  I didn't even get a chance to see the gelato area that supposedly has some kind of chocolate fountain next to it!The only reason I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is that Whole Foods is so damn expensive!  Also, there wasn't a ton of room to sit inside or out and I had to claim a seat at a table with some other shoppers.  I'm sure they'll work on that though - they haven't been open for that long!  Also, I'm hoping they will get mysters to put outside when summer comes!If you like any other Whole Foods you've been to, you'll really like this location!  Extra bonus - free WiFi too!  It's worth a visit just to see it!
4	Right on Gabs, this Whole Foods ROCKS! I think there's one in NYC that's slightly larger but there's no wine bar there. I can totally see grabbing a glass of wine there on a random mellow Friday night. The cosmetic department is amazing and HUGE and they even have great OG clothing... I heart the new Whole Foods!
4	Who knew that you can go into the Whole Foods seafood area, pick out a piece of fish, and request that they prepare it for you right there?  For no additional charge!  I had no idea until recently... Jared and I went and picked out a big piece of Chilean Sea Bass.  Rather than bring it home and smell up the house, we had the guy saute it for us with olive oil and lemon juice.  It was great... well, most of it was great except the very center that probably could've used an extra minute or two on the fire.  Really, this update was meant to share that little tidbit with you - if you feel like fresh fish but don't feel like cooking yourself, go to Whole Foods!
5	I have been to a lot of Whole Foods stores all over the country and this is, by far, the nicest Whole Foods EVER in the history of Whole Foods.  If you can show me one better, then I'll go there and check it out.I travel a lot for work and when I travel, I usually try to hit up a Whole Foods or anything similar so I can get my salad, sushi, fruit, sparkling water or whatever is healthy so I don't gain 20 million pounds on the road.  I do end up spending more (that's why I like to call Whole Foods "Whole Paycheck") but I think I'm healthier for it.This Whole Foods in Scottsdale is AMAZING -- they sell clothes!  They have a sit down wine and tapas bar.  They have a taqueria.  Granted, I didn't get a chance to really eat anything other than the salad bar (which is HUGE, by the way), but it was incredible.If you ever are in the area, you should go just to see how the other half live.  There isn't another Whole Foods like this anywhere (if there is, please tell me where and please tell me it's in Atlanta).  I can never go back to my little old regular Whole Foods ever again (just kidding).
5	OMFG I thought I died and went to Whole Foods heaven!!! This IS the most amazing WF in the whole freakin' world! I was seriously in a gluten-free wonderland! They have a whole aisle devoted to gluten-free products...they had products I had never heard of. They had like 500 different kinds of GF cookies...I almost cried with joy. Brian and Forest had to try to contain me because I almost broke into song and dance, not to mention the manic squealing as I picked up each item and read the label. Needless to say I bought one of everything...well, everything that wasn't frozen or that wouldn't melt in the hot Phoenix sun.  I wanted to buy the nifty $90 vegan shoes for my child...but then I remembered I don't have a child. I wanted to eat the handmade artisan soap because it smelled so yummy. I wanted to buy the gorgeous slab bacon from the "smokehouse" counter and fashion it into a bacon bikini right there...but calmer minds prevailed. Brian and Forest convinced me I would be arrested and put on a chain gang in the AZ desert if I stripped naked and applied pork products to my flesh right there in front of God and everyone. Since pink jumpsuits are not my thing I decided to forgo the bacon bikini experience. We managed to make it out of the store without being arrested.
3	This place is huge. It's very clean and it's very pricey! I think it's fantastic for prepared food, or to pick up a quick dinner, but I would never do my everyday grocery shopping here. I think it's great for people on a gluten free, or  some type of restrictive diet, b/c there is a lot of variety for those with dietary issues. BUT, just b/c the stuff is made with 'healthy' ingredients, doesn't mean it's low calorie or low fat. The nutrition facts say it all if you bother to read them. I think too many people think b/c it's 'Whole Foods' that everything is healthy...um, not really!
5	OLIVES!!!!!I am an olive snob. Olives in cans make me depressed. No joke. How anyone could abuse an olive by putting it in a can... shiver. Forget waterboarding. That shit is torture!The olive bar is the best anywhere. They have about 20 different varieties. My office is now in the office park right behind Whole Foods, so I can walk there and eat some of the best olives I've ever had, whenever I head up there instead of working at home. Wow. My mouth is smiling. I just got back. The citrus stuffed olives were great. I love the wrinkly black dried olives. The cracked olives are fantastic. The giant kalamata's are incredible. The picholines are tiny and tasty. I wasn't kidding when I said I was an olive snob.Oh, the rest of the store looks cool, too, I guess.
5	Seriously Whole Foods rocks!!I feel so healthy just walking through the doors - what a great selection of everything....from the produce to the bar/deli - Adam (below) is right the olive bar is heaven!! Oh and try the pastries too. I just also found out that their skin care area carries only those products now that are paraben free. =0)
5	....was just on a hunt to find some fresh fish (not frozen) yesterday so I could figure out what to cook last night....after visiting Fry's, Safeway, Albertsons and AJ's.....I saved Whole Foods last knowing well that they would probably have the best selection....and I WAS RIGHT!!They had the best selection of Wild Salmon (not farm-raised) that I saw, they even had fresh mahi-mahi!!. Just a side note - all of the other grocers had their own variet of fish but it was all frozen for the good majority.
4	I should probably start this by confessing that I was raised by Northeastern-liberal-slightly, o.k. majorly - hippie types. As a result, I love anything like Whole Foods almost unabashedly - green, healthy, community minded, pays a fair wage. That said, I do feel this store is great on its own merits. This is my go to spot when I want something healthy or, in the case of the fantasy-style, squeal-inducing bakery and gelato section (chocolates made on site! macaroons! Napoleons! squee!), something I can convince myself is not all that bad. The soup bars are wonderful, as is the fish counter. And I am hooked on the Asian inspired noodle bowls they serve in the back corner of the store near the never open tapas bar (why? why never open?). The chicken bowl with lemongrass broth is amazing. Def. add the lemon (included) for a tangy, sour, fresh taste. I also love the natural beauty products area. This is also where many a trip goes astray for me b/c I am distracted by the 10,000 organic/natural brands of face creams and potions and want to try everything. Unlike sephora, WF realizes that there are more than 3 organic beauty lines out there and houses more than a few. Also great is the natural/herbal/homeopathic remedies section. The staff in this section is knowledgeable and will recommend and guide you through treatments. Also, WF recognizes that everyone is different, so if you buy a remedy, keep your receipt. If it does not work for you, you can exchange the product for something that will. This is great and really allows you to try things you might not otherwise. The wine selection is also really comprehensive and they have a whole area of local wines (some of which are quite good) and wines under $10, which is a great resource for entertaining. And the cheeses. The cheeses! Cheese-heaven. Or, imho, actual heaven. Love the broad selection and the fact that they have samples out a lot, which allows you to expand your palette without investing. The staff in this area is great and can really recommend some great cheeses. One caveat: try to bring a reusable bag or two with you. You will save five cents a bag and avoid being looked at like you have just threatened the check out person's pet. Seriously, last time I had to ask for a paper bag I left stammering that I needed it so my cats could play with it...
5	Holy good mother of god.Now THIS is what I'm talking about!!!Hot Pizza, A full salad bar, AWESOME sandwiches, a FRIGGING WINEBAR, an BBQ bistro and a Ethnic food bar mixed with an outstanding selection of crisp, unique beverages to wash it all down with.Oh yeah, I forgot, they're one hellva grocery store too ;)
5	Half side of the market is filled with hot ready to eat meals. I'm so glad I came in here. I'll never have to cook for myself again. ;)
5	Friends in CA call Whole Foods, Whole Paycheck and now I know why.  The Scottsdale store at the 101 is huge with all kinds of culinary temptations.  I filled the bottom of my Yelp recycling bag with 1) single salmon corn cake, 2) small piece smoked black cod, 3) small piece smoked salmon candy, 4) medium piece smoked chipotle salmon, 5) tiny piece smoked king salmon, 6) small wedge languiole - raw milk cheese and 7) small chunk emmi cabe aged emmentalker cheese.  The total came to $XXXV making the average price $V.  Not too bad considering the fish will last maybe two days, three tops.  The cheese becomes part of a scalloped potatoes dish for a delayed Easter dinner.I had had some delicious smoked cod and candy salmon on Easter Sunday with relatives in Pasadena and learned the fish came from the Pasadena Whole Foods. I took some leftovers across the desert in my ice chest and the fish was just as I had remembered it from the day before. With the taste buds panting for more I googled Whole Foods and assumed the Paradise Valley store would be the most logical choice for in-store smoked fish.  WRONG, the fish counter person there told me the only stores with a smoker are 1) Chandler and 2) Scottsdale at the 101.  The Scottsdale store was closer so that was how I ended up there.I had a great time chatting with the Whole Foods fish counter person.  He had set-up the Pasadena smoker and now smoked the fish in Scottsdale.  He (native American, I think) was a wealth of information on smoked fish and the various types.  I asked about the smoked salmon candy and he explained  the natives in AK add sugar to get their kids to eat salmon when they are young.   As an aside my kids, Holly T and Mike T wouldn't eat any fish as kids but as adults now eat salmon but not as much as me.  The candy salmon comes directly from natives in AK whereas the rest of the fish is smoked in the store.  He then went on to discuss the various salmon runs in AK and how Whole Foods supports sustainable fisheries.  All very cool and informative.You can bet I will be back in a few weeks (or sooner for smoked fish) when fresh wild salmon becomes available.
5	One of the better Whole Foods locations I've visited, especially for beer/wine.  The cheese selection isn't too bad, and that young man who is the "cheese guy" is always helpful.  Their frozen selection has a lot of offerings that I don't see at WF's other locations in the valley.Parking is generous too, and the beer/wine bistro has a very good selection.
4	Thank you god for blessing me with this whole foods a block away from my house. The food is amazing, fresh, yummy, healthy (most of it) and just awesome.  The kitchen area has hot food, premade food to go, a ridiculous salad bar with awesome pasta salads, the sushi is surprisingly fresh and really well priced too!!!  Their sandwiches are simply orgasmic.  They also have fresh pizza, taco bar, and bakery.  We've also gone to the Thursday tasting at the wine bar - yes, this grocery store has a wine bar - and had an absolute blast for 10 bucks.  With candles and ambiance you forget you're even in a grocery store!  Cheese selection is great and the person working the counter usually knows all about the cheeses and how to point you in the right direction.  The beverage selection is awesome, from water to wine to beer. To top it all off, the staff is amazingly friendly and helpful - they make shopping there a glorious experience.  When grocery shopping though, watch the prices - some things are amazingly well priced (go for the 365 brand) while others are simply absurd. Heads up on the construction going on Scottsdale road right now - it can make it a pain to get in and out.
3	So we ended up at this Whole foods after browsing through the container store next door. Although this Whole Foods is humongous... I didn't care for it much. We were hungry...it was 115 degrees outside and we needed some good food to chomp on. Didn't see any other restaurants in the parking lot, at least close by so here we go to Whole Foods. After perusing their choices for a few minutes, which was very confusing...we ended up at the panini sandwiches area. While looking at their prepared foods area, I noticed they have a black bean quinoa salad. Now I make a killer quinoa salad. When I saw what they had on display, it looked very dry and also old. While looking, we saw they had some chocolate truffles on display near the cheeses. They were delicious. Both of us had a tuna sandwich made slightly different. They do have a really extensive selection of drinks...but it was nothing that I recognized so just ended up getting some Vitamin water. After paying for the sandwiches, and the drinks we ended up at the little booths they have past the checkout area. It was nice, we did some people watching which was another experience. Look, we live in ahwatukee, where people are more laid back and walking around in shorts they used to wear in high school like 20 years ago. In Scottsdale...welll...people actually go to brooks brothers just to buy their weekend clothes. Even the kids were all suited booted up. You probably will find what you are looking for at this Whole Foods. Just be prepared to find a lot of time looking for it once you get there...
5	Definitely one of the nicer Whole Foods that I've been to!They have just about everything your looking for- fresh fruit and veggies, huge dairy selection, fresh seafood and meats! They have just about everything-- a gelato and desert corner, sandwiches made fresh to order, asian bistro, bbq made to order, a wine and tapas bar + fruit/salad bar!! This was my favorite place when I worked nearby- stop for lunch get a sammich and pick up some fruits or veggies for dinner! Some items are certainly much more expensive than elsewhere so do your homework, you'll know when your getting a bargain or if its something you really cant find elsewhere, might be worth the splurge! Manuka Honey, Wild Scallops, Blood Oranges, Organic Peaches, Fresh Artisan Breads- they got it :)
5	Ask me the best place to take someone on a first date, and I would say, "Whole Foods."  Don't let the nomer mislead, for here is a mecca for foodies of all ethnicities and tastes.When sauntering in, the organic produce section will ward those that come to bargain shop, away.  I came here to buy a 3.99 cucumber, when I could have easily purchased the same for .79 at the local Albertsons.  Okay, I was actually here to find ingredients for a thai soup.  Though I was unable to locate fish sauce, I did find the kaffir lime leaves.  In addition, I bet that if i had asked the store manager if they would please start carrying the ingredients to Thom Ka Gai, they would.For the discerning shopper, quality is king here.  Once you have made it past the produce, a plethora of fresh fish and crustacean awaits.  A treasure trove of seafoods is displayed behind the bullet proof glass.  Smoked, marinated, skewered, fileted...but that is merely the beginning.  The able purveyors of said seafood, who purchase most of the fish fresh on a daily basis (do they fly to the coast every morning?)  will grill it for you if you don't want to do the work.  I ordered calamari steak which was grilled in a garlic cilantro sauce, and served with whole grilled cloves of garlic and lemon wedges.  I ate it while I meandered through the rest of the store.  But I get ahead of myself.  Let me illustrate in more detail the grandeur of the fruits of the sea I beheld.  Smoked rainbow trout, Chilean sea bass, swordfish, lobster cakes, crab cakes, soy Ginger albacore, whole wild king salmon, Alaskan halibut, calamari steak, fish I have never heard of, pink fish, blue fish, smoked fish, seared fish, king prawns, lobster tail, and the buffet went on.I passed impressive wine selections, lagers and brews from around the world, a wine bar with tasting menus, and came to my next destination.  The land of cheese.  A large assortment of cheeses greeted my hungry eyes.  Cheeses I had never seen, cheeses of which I have only dreamed, truffle mousse, pates, and cheesie noshes galore.  It just got better when the cheese man said I could have anything I wanted.  Well, I could taste any one of the cheeses.  The Adriatic fig spread caught my eye, and the gears were turning.  Cheese man recommended a cheese pairing for the spread, and would I like to sample?  Such music to my ears, as he grabbed a juicy wedge of  capricho de cabra goat cheese. I closed my eyes to really savor the taste, and was swept away to the Adriatic, lying in the arms of a handsome goat herder named Guiseppe, who was feeding me figs and goat cheese.  Whole foods is that good.If this culinary adventure wasn't good enough, there were to be many more chapters in this book of love.  A hot bar with foods around the world, featuring must-have easts such as vindaloo chicken.Chef's specialties, made to order sandwhiches and paninis, hand carved meats, an olive bar, a vegetarian bar, a vegan bar, gelato, rice pudding, and a bakery.My heart was pumping with sensory overload as I spotted potato pancakes, tabouleh, and garlic nan - all in the same section.Why wouldn't this place be a perfect setting for the first date?  What better way to get to know someone, than through food?  What food market in this sprawling metropolis offers to cook your food for you before you leave the store?  Where can you sip wine and eat cheese, and finish your date with groceries with genuine gelatto?A mecca indeed...
5	The entire team at Whole Foods is amazing! I recenly took at tour at this location with some friends (phoenixfridaynight.com), and Julie, Bianca, Shawn and Jesus made it a memorable event!I didn't realize it, but everything in the store is either organic or all natural. You can have anything in the seafood department cooked to order, anything in the meat department butchered to order. Some other little things I didn't know about whole foods- you can make fresh pressed peanut butter near the bulk foods section, there are bins with different combos (peanuts and chocolate chips, honey roasted peanuts, etc) for different flavors. There is also a wine and tapas bar at this location and you can also ask for samples of just about anything in the store. I plan to visit the taqueria soon (next to the sandwhich and pizza stations). And, I mustve walked by a thousand times and never noticed, but they have a smoothie and coffee bar at the front of the store too.I love Whole Foods- I know a lot of people who say they are more expensive so they avoid it, but I think their prices have gotten a lot better. Plus, you are supporting local growers and producers. How cool is that?! Thanks Whole Foods!
5	I love the fact that you can get hotdogs without all the added "unknowns" in them.  Also, I've purchased their pizza dough and throw it in the freezer. I simply take it out the night before, slip it in the fridge and it's good to go the next day for homemade pizza.  Great pizza crust.  Also, the pepperoni and black forest ham are really good there, as are the breads and the interesting salads they sell.  And their bacon - whoa.  Yum.  Staff is always cheerful and ready to chat one up as they are going through checkout.  I really like Whole Foods Market and just enjoy the whole experience of wandering down their aisles.
5	I love this place! I'm here all the time and I love the sandwiches, pizza, salad bar, hot food bar, butternut squash enchilada's, vegetarian stir fry's, tamale's, and everything that they keep in the deli case. I also love the people who work here. I dont know them by name, nor do they know my name, but we recognize eachother and always speak. I work close by and they ask about work and pack ice on my purchases when it's over 100 degrees and just make me happy for having walked in. Plus I have never left empty handed, it is impossible with all the goodies they offer! I buy wine here, I buy fish, I buy fresh veggies already cut up to eat at work and  their 365 brand water crackers are one of my most craveable items they sell.  Ok, I will stop now. But first- if you take your food to go rather than eat it there you get charged less tax. I sometimes take my salad to go and then sit outside and eat.
5	This place is my second home. Literally. I am there almost everyday and I'm on my way to Norm "Cheers" status. People who work there are so friendly.Having just moved here from the Bay Area where there is a Whole Foods almost everywhere, I have to say it was a pleasant surprise to see things here not in the CA stores like the wine/tapas bar, the cooking demo station in the hot foods area, and a wider variety of pre-cooked/smoked meats and chilis.I love coming to the coffee/juice bar here because they can make a latte with any milk off the shelf besides cow & soy. I've had lattes made with coconut, rice, and oat milk. Having a dairy allergy, you have no idea how exciting this is! They also will have coconut milk based creamer for coffee. I couldn't believe it and took a picture: http://bit.ly/5UJHERI would give this place a 5+ if their WiFi connection was better and they offered a selection of vegan baked goods.
5	While on vacation in Scottsdale we shopped at this Whole Foods location.  We have a Whole Foods at home and this one is light years ahead of the one in our home town.  We've also been in a number of Whole Foods in different cities in the Western US and this location is near the top of the list for our personal experience.  Great selection of all things --- amazing variety of prepared take out items in the deli, an incredible assortment of specialty chocolates, wonderful array of meats, beautiful fresh produce, lots of wine choices across price points, terrific cheeses, great assortment of other goods and really friendly people.  Add all this to an easy to reach location with lots of parking and it's a winner!
5	This is the most amazing Whole Foods I have ever been to. It is huge and I'd say...quite wonderful! What I love: - The produce. I love to pick up their pre-packaged fruit when I am on the go (it is pricey though). - The reusable bags. They are dirt cheap and cute. I have a bunch to take my lunch in, etc. - The homeopathic products. I found Traumeel - my miracle for tendinitis -  here. - The food bars/stations. There is a plethora of options for grabbing a quick and healthy bite to eat - I always pick up a Chinese rice bowl, but the options are SERIOUSLY endless.
4	I've been shopping at Whole Foods for awhile but always more of a run in grab what I need, and a few things I don't, and run back out. It wasn't until yesterday's discovery of the grill behind the seafood counter that helped me understand the rave behind Whole Foods. Wow, I pick out a piece of fish, gave a little seasoning instructions and come back in 10 minutes to pick it up grilled and ready to go. Here's the best part... the grilling is free. Okay, we all know the cost is built into the price of the uncooked meat (a little more than other stores) but worth it. If you're like me, always looking for a way to eat healthy for lunch but lacking the extra time it takes to prep for the week, do what I did and pick up 2 lbs of seasoned Salmon, have it grilled up, wrapped up and put it away for the upcoming days ahead. Whole Foods could earn a fifth star if they provided a little more instructions on seasoning options. How about a little grilling-to-go menu?
4	More selection than Trader Joes but also be prepared to pay a little more. Good selection of beer, wine and sake. Place to be if you're the type of person whose into healthy and organic food. Plenty of selection. They also offer happy hour!
5	From their unique organic teas and fruit juice selections, to their fresh fully stocked salad bar, this place has me SOLD! I'm not usually in the Scottsdale area, so it was a nice surprise to stumble upon this wonderful market and grab a healthy.  I was surprised at how inexpensive it was, and still so fresh! I will definitely be back many a nights before class to indulge on the (did I mention fresh?) Salad bar ;-)
5	OH MY GOD BECKY....Look at this store, it is so BIG! It looks like one of those health food stores. I like Whole Foods and I can not lie You other shoppers can't deny When you walk on in with a little bitty cart and a sample in your face You get happy Maybe even a little wacky Cuz you notice that the store is packing Cheese and meat, with a wine bar and deli Ain't nothin' that this store is lackin' Deep in the produce they're displaying I'm hooked and I can't stop staring Fresh fruit and veggies from floor to ceiling Oh baby, I wanna put you in my basket So excited and I just can't mask it I wanna get you homeand UH, cook you up UH UHI like em' real thick and juicySo find that thick cut baconIf you're lucky it won't be takenI'm acting like an animalNow here's my scandalHey shoppers (yeah), hey shoppers (yeah) Do you wanna eat healthy and organic (hell yeah) Then turn around, grab a cart Even Wal Mart's gotta shout Whole Foods got back! Best grocery store in AZ by far!  You gotta check out the wine bar!
5	I really love going here. It's not the usual chain grocery store like Safeway, Fry's or Albertson's, but it's not some small town market either. It's a major national chain that offers products which offers organic or natural foods. What I mostly come here for is their store made meals and a few treats every now and then. Their pizza tastes really awesome. It's more of a specialty pizza. I kind of think of it as something that's Southern California-inspired. Furtheremore, the variety they have at their food bar is equally awesome. It's never boring as they have much to select from and it's not always the same everyday or everyweek. They have much to choose from and a great variety. Their food also tastes fresh and they never overcook or overheat it, even though they keep their food heated at the food bar. They do a wonderful job monitoring the temperature which is something I didn't experience at the Whole Foods by the 101 and Ray Rd in Chandler.I also like choosing from their great variety of treats; likewise, they have much to choose from here.Whole Foods over at the Scottsdale 101 is always a winner everytime I come in!
4	Obviously Whole Foods is losing an entire star due to the inordinately high prices, HOWEVER: I go there for things I can't get anywhere else and I know that.  They have me in a headlock.They have the best goddamn salad bar/deli/prepared foods/whatever.  There are always vegan options, which are delicious and interesting and save me from trying to kill myself because I can't eat cheese.  Speaking of which, WF is also the only place where I have been able to find TRULY vegan cheese.  All of the fake cheeses at Trader Joe's still contain milk caseins.The produce is always fresh, another thing I can't say about TJ's.  The array of items is so dazzling and diverse that I cannot leave there without spending $50 or more.  The service is always friendly and helpful.  Really, what I dislike most about the store is there's too much good shit to buy, and I'm not made of money here.
5	The best Whole Foods in the Valley!! The store is gorgeous, the staff are hot, crunchy, sexy, granola types (totally worth the trip). The whole staff will BS with you and joke around, yet they are extremely knowledged on the food they sell. Some things can be a bit spendy ($25/lb for prosciutto)...but the cheese, the fruit, omg...And you can buy some vegan shoes while you're at it!!!
5	So I started shopping here after being scared to death from watching Food, Inc.  (Thanks Oprah!)  Anyways, of course, Whole Foods has many nicknames regarding how expensive they are, but if you haven't heard of any, here are a couple of them...Wholey Moley Foods and Whole Paycheck. I shop here every week for organic items and for all my grocery needs.  I have yet to find a store with this selection and yes I will pay extra to not have to go to extra stores just for the convenience.  (No, I'm not independently wealthy!)This store has the best selection out of the other Scottsdale store and the Tatum store.  However, I have found that the Tatum store seems to have a better selection of produce when I go as it doesn't seem to be picked over as bad as this one. Why do I give it 5 stars?  The store is clean, the staff is friendly, it promotes organic farming and they have" Bret Michaels" for a cashier!
5	I have found that when I shop at Whole Foods I shop with a purpose. I am much more careful and far less frivolous about what I buy because of the slightly higher cost. I also love the fact that I have never met a rude worker at this store. I feel comfortable asking random or stupid questions and have always gotten a straight answer back. Every once in a while they sell this pre-made salmon en croute in the seafood section... I crave this about twice a day!
5	Love love love these folks! Okay, so I may be a bit biased about the chain as a "whole"......the very first time I absorbed everything fabulous about Whole Foods was while I was in NYC on my honeymoon. All positive, happy, sensual memories from that trip including our meanderings through Whole Foods........but, I digress......THIS WF location in Phoenix made me oh-so happy all over again :) They do a great job with the hot food bar, the bakery is well-stocked with FABULOUS treats for all meals and occasions, and I always take time to look at the new items in the vast gluten-free section. As an added bonus, their wine selection is a nice inventory of reds, especially.I was so thankful to find help with the shelf-stable probiotics when the section looked so different than my regular location back home in MN....the nutrition specialist knew just how to address some of my other concerns with supplements, also. We made a special trip to the gelato counter one night after leaving the gym nearby and, let me say, honey lavender gelato is a sin worth induldging in!**Visits 1/22/11 - 2/1/11
2	I love whole foods, but this one is probably my least favorite one out of the ones I've gone to around the whole nation.The one MAJOR con is the food bar. The selection is mediocre, and the chefs don't really change it up. I was in Phoenix for about 2.5 weeks. I usually get food from Whole Foods when I'm on business trips. However, this time it was a challenge. I love salmon, and usually at the other Whole Foods, they have cooked salmon, but this one had it like 1 day out of the 2.5 weeks I was there... Another thing I noticed from going there almost everyday, they make large batches of those pre-made salads and pasta salads and serve it for DAYS... I saw the same thing every single day... I don't want to imagine how long those things have been sitting out... Some of the vegetables were even wilted... One plus was the wine bar. The server was awesome. Super knowledgeable about wine. It was nice to sit down and munch on some cheese from the cheese bar and drink some wine.
5	This is a great whole foods in a great area. Like most whole foods, it is kept extremely clean and extremely fresh. The staff is very friendly and on my first visit I was very surprised that 3 different employees greeted me when walking in the door.Plenty of parking outfront of this location and a few tables to sit outside and have lunch. They are a specialty store, so in my opinion worth the money.
5	I love love love this store. I love this store so much I would marry it. Why? In addition to the cool, friendly people who work there, and the amazing produce, healthy selection, gorgeous girly things like fresh flowers and bath salts...they found my wallet. I made my weekly trip yesterday afternoon and this morning turned my house upside down looking for my wallet. I got so desperate and panicky that I started looking in weird places like my son's art supplies thinking he borrowed it... Some kind soul turned in my wallet and Sam, a WF employee proactively looked me up online and called and left a message at my office. When I got there, Sam was very kind, had me sign for my wallet and took it out of their locked safe. I was so appreciative to have my wallet back (and with all of its contents, too). That's really all I want in life, nice people that do the right thing and take care of you when you do something dumb like drop your wallet in the grocery store (the bath salts don't hurt though...). thanks :D
5	If you are gluten intolerant this is the place to go. I was amazed at how many gluten free products they have.  I am gluten free and  it is hard to find a good loaf of bread that is not as heavy as a brick. I was able to find many other gluten free products in there frozen food area, I was like a kid in a candy store.  Did you know that you can walk through the store with a glass of wine or a bottle of beer while you shop? This Whole Foods is just amazing, I highly recommend it.
5	Was in last week shopping for groceries when I noticed a flyer advertising a Peach Festival Brunch, so I made a mental note to come in and check it out!  The flyer said to call and make reservations, but I checked out this location's webpage and saw that no reservations are needed, that all one needed to do was show up!  I think the print-up on the flyer may have kept many away, as the wine bar, where the brunch is being held (yes, it's from 8a to 12p today, so come on over!), only had one couple besides me present.  [Now that I'm finished w/ my breakfast, another couple has sat down.  Me?  I'm typing away as I just realized I'm missing mass (which may also be a factor in why the wine bar is empty), and all bec. I was so excited to try a couple of items on this brunch's menu!]First of all, the two young women manning the cash register and taking orders are friendly and courteous, and the lone, spectacled, and young chef is also very nice and quite helpful answering my questions regarding to the ingredients of the Peach French toast and the Shakshooka.  Sha-zam wha?  Yep- say it slowly, you can do it!Shak- shoo- ka.  Shakshooka, an Israeli dish consisting of a base of spicy tomato and pepper stew, w/ eggplant and spinach, w/ two poached eggs on top, and a garnish of feta cheese.  This was, as the first couple exclaimed "fabulous!" when I'd stopped at their table and asked them as I made my way back from the display counter that showcased all the available brunch offerings:  Granola parfait (w/ peach compote) $6Steel-cut oatmeal (w/ peach compote, agave nectar) $6French toast $8Green chile hash (rotisserie chicken, potatoes, grilled onions, roasted poblanos, sunny-side up egg) $8Breakfast tacos (eggs, chorizo, beans, potatoes, salsa)Shakshooka $8Grilled peach and arugula salad (radicchio, fennel, pistachio, balsamic vinaigrette) $7Peach bellinis and Marin French Stinson Beach Peach beer are also available for $4 (6oz) and $5 (22oz), respectively.  What about the peach French toast, you say?  It was many substantial forkfuls of HEAVEN!  There was nothing fluffy about this French toast (and if you know me, you know I DISLIKE fluffy!)  Three slices of WF brand brioche bread, battered, and nicely pan-fried, w/ caramelized peaches, candied walnuts, and homemade apricot jam (made by the young chef himself!) w/ apricots stewed in their own juices, sugar, and currants.  Oh. My. Goodness!  I told them I wished they'd hold breakfast here everyday, or at the very least, every weekend-- I'd come back religiously (pun intended)!  The chef said that they're hoping to build up a demand for it.  This is only the second time they offered something like this-- the first time was about two months ago and was beer-inspired.  I say, y'all must check this breakfast out today!!  There's something for everyone's picky palates.  (And if nothing catches your fancy, or are off-limits to you for some reason, there is always the hot food buffet to check out.  Today's lineup includes enchiladas, scrambled eggs (eggwhites, regular), omelets (Denver, sausage, chicken), potatoes, tofu, apple cinnamon crisp, oatmeal, and crispy bacon, among other things!   And if these aren't enough choices to have, there's always the salad and olive bars, pizzeria, sandwich, gelato, and Smokehouse grill areas to peruse!
5	I love this market! They always have the freshest produce, meats, seafood, etc!!! You can stop in and grab something prepared fresh for lunch, or a hot dinner to bring home to the family! My fave is the sushi bar!The staff must be part of some Whole Foods cult or just compensated very well because they all seem to love their jobs, and are extremely helpful! Its a little pricey to shop here, but it's a small price to pay for peace of mind as far as the quality of your groceries go!
4	What a fantastic experience!  If there is a high-end food product that you don't find at whole foods, then you may find yourself to be one of the pickiest eaters known to man.  This place offers everything under the sun.  For the love of God they have almost 30 different types of olives!My family is new to shopping here and we like to splurge a little bit.  For some reason it's comforting to know that there are 4 different kinds of ribeye and what seems to be almost 100 different types of cheeses.  I guess realizing that makes me think that there won't be anything forgotten at Whole Foods.  Unlike Sam's Club, Whole Foods gives samples that actually taste delicious and almost make you grab for seconds when instead you just grab an actual wrapped portion of the product (darn, had to buy some sometime).On a 'grocery store' level, this Whole Foods gets 5 stars that's for sure.  The only reason it gets knocked a star is because some Whole Foods locations offer more services to make their guests feel like it is supposed to be much more than your typical grocery store.  This is a location where I think the patrons would be willing to use everything that they had to offer if given the choice.
3	Great Place.Just NEVER have their falafel and hummus and Pita stuff that they sell around salad bar. It is the WORST tasting falafel and hummus I have ever had.
5	Craft brews on tap!!! Get lit before you spend lotsa money on stuff that you don't need but it looks so good you can't help yourself. This place is humongous, not always super crowded, clean and packed to the rafters with fabulous food. Best huge, corporate shopping venue in town.
4	The meat department and the smokehouse there are awesome. There was a Dave in the smokehouse who made us feel right at home and served up some of the best brisket we've ever had.  We needed steaks for dinner, a Frank and Poppy in the meat department took the time to select some nice rib-eyes.  They talked me into getting a Bison rib-eye and it was a hit..
5	Holy Mother of God!!I had been going to the WF location on Raintree, and assumed all Arizona stores were created equal. I had no clue that I was missing out on the most amazing grocery experience of my life!Albert H. suggested I come here, because I am a craft beer geek and the selection at Raintree was good (in my opinion), but he said it was better here.It's not just the beer selection that is better. EVERYTHING ROCKS! This is just like the Whole Foods that I would frequent in Southern California--built for an educated, affluent consumer. There is a full-on cafe WITH a liquor license. This week they had a special on Sam Adams Cherry Wheat and Boston Lager, which you can enjoy with your delicious meal.The craft beer bar (YES, bar), had over 30 different types of beers on draft (handles rotate regularly), and several wines for the oenophile.The seafood bar is diverse with different Ceviches, salads and such. Soups are plentiful.I could go on and on about the rest of the stuff you already know. Perfect produce, fresh meats, etc.The cheeses. Yeah, tons! Thank God, I'm not lactose intolerant. I won't even tell you how much I spent on cheese. Towards the end of my shopping trip, I hit the beer cooler. I spent a good 30 minutes trying to decide which beers would dance upon my mouth. I ended up going with some Dogfish Head beers and fell in love.If you love good food, good beer (and wine), and don't mind dropping some coin, then this is the spot! Make it rain, bitches!
5	I violated my rule of avoiding grocery shopping while hungry and decided to venture over to Whole Foods.  Whole Foods tends to be the indecisive individual's nightmare (that would be me).  Yet, this store is a foodie's dream. There are aisles upon aisles of glorious, wholesome products (pun intended).  Everything is meticulously organized and there are at least ten varieties of every type of item.  No joke.  It took me fifteen minutes to decide which brand of bottled tea would be suitable (and economical). I roamed the freshly prepared food section like a vulture circling it's prey...strategizing which choice would be the best taste sensation.  Did I want a made-to-order wrap?  Or a glass of wine and a couple tapas? (the live music was alluring)...Maybe sushi?  Pizza?  Salad bar?  Soup? Maybe something from the smokehouse...oooh! A cupcake from the cupcake bar? On and on it went. My final decision was sushi. The spicy tuna roll tasted fresh, and the Pacific salad roll was very crisp. I also grabbed a container of ginger for $1.99--not the artificially preserved pink variety--all-natural pickled ginger.  Bliss.  I purchased some cucumber salad from the salad bar as a side/palate cleanser. All in all, a very satisfying meal. Prices are a tad higher than your average grocery store. Then again, it is Whole Foods. A word of advise:  come with a game plan (e.g. a shopping list). If you don't define what it is you want prior to entering this store, you'll end up spending two hours and twice as much money than you anticipated.
4	The biggest and best WFM in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
4	This is my go to Whole Foods.  The items are great, however I am deducting a star, because of some of the customer service.  When I am in a hurry and need to grab something to eat, there are many choices.  My pet peeve is the snooty old Scottsdale hags carrying their little dogs in the grocery cart and saying it is a "service dog", gross.  Don't put you damn dog where I put my food.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE.  the staff is awesome and always have the best suggestions.
4	I have been coming somewhat regularly the last few weeks for lunch. I have discovered that the "BBQ/Grill" area in the back near the butcher counter has a daily $5 lunch special with is fairly good. This week it has been the BBQ Brisket sandwich with one small side (beans, fries, or potato salad). Its a filling dish and well worth the 5 bucks! Normally the same dish goes for $8.99... so its a deal.Of course there is the whole rest of the store that will quickly eat up your paycheck! Hence the nickname.... "Whole Paycheck"! :)I also have eaten from the burrito area (think Chipotle). Also very good... large servings, at a fair price.
5	I could very easily walk into Whole Foods, leave with an empty wallet and be completely fine with it. Seriously, Whole Foods has it all...even local! Yes local! I'm all for shopping local this year and yes, Whole Foods isn't technically local, but they get five stars in my book for selling local products such as Honey Moon Sweets, Sweet Republic and I even saw a local vendor there selling his hummus that I always see at Farmer's Markets. Kudos to Whole Foods for keeping it in the AZ family.Besides that, the other reviews have really said it all. This grocery store is the mother of all grocery stores. It's perfect for picking up an individual meal, perfect for selecting a bottle of wine, perfect for sitting down at their wine/beer bar for a cocktail while you shop and perfect for finding the freshest and finest products out there. I can't visit Whole Foods without filling up my cart with delicious goodies and I kind of feel like I've gone on an adventure every time I walk inside. I would be a regular (my wallet cries at the thought of this) if only there was one closer to where I live or work. Sadly though, they seem to be avoiding the Old Town/Arcadia area for a Whole Foods (hint hint?!) I will end this review with a summary of the individual meal options they provide: made-to-order sandwiches, wood oven pizzas, Chinese food, an extensive (and I mean extensive) salad bar including hummus, cous cous & pasta, hot sandwiches, pre-made cold sandwiches, a sushi bar and much, much more!
3	Food and goods that appeal to my inner hippie at exorbitant prices that speak to my capitalist leanings.  An interesting juxtaposition that evidently works very well.  They do get a nod for supporting local growers, but if you truly prefer local go to AJ's.
5	Love this place! I live here! I can't get enough!
5	If you are ever in a bad mood or is having a lousy day, come to this Whole Foods and I guarantee that by the time you walk out, you'll feel better and you don't even have to buy anything for the mood picker upper. Yup, this store is just that great.  They've done everything right with this store. I've also noticed that Whole Foods must be responding to the economy cause their price points for many of their items seem lower too. Love this place!
5	Wow, just had a really great experience here with Azher in the Personal Care department!  She was so helpful!  She spent a good amount of time with me talking about the products (I absolutely adore body products).  I actually found a new cleanser and sunscreen due to her advice!  I usually avoid Whole Foods because I find it to be too pricey, but I needed to pick up a tea that I knew I would find here.  When I walked in, the first thing I saw was yummy goat milk soaps in dozens of flavors.  If you don't know, goat milk soap is as nourishing as it gets!  I was able to compare this Whole Foods to the one in Tempe and am happy to report that this one is SO much better. There is NO comparison.  There were so many goodies here and the sample of chocolate mousse with blueberry, strawberry, raspberry and blackberry won me over!  People are so NICE around these parts!!!!!
5	This is an exceptional Whole Foods.  The organic local produce is magic - I tried some locally grown grapefruit that was so fresh it could have been picked that morning.The personal care department is huge.  If you were looking to make a gift basket for the eco-conscious person, you will find everything you need here - natural soaps, botanical lotions, creamy coconut body wash, and a million other things.Great for take out, a killer salad bar, sandwiches, tacos, pizza, seafood (crab cakes, fish and chips, etc..),  soups, and almost a million other things.  A bbq/grill as others have mentioned and a small bar (not sure about hard liquor but beer and wine for sure).  You can also eat your purchases at tables in the front of the store.A killer bakery loaded with choices and a small chocolate/candy shop.Huge selection of vegetarian items, especially the frozen selection - if you haven't been, you are in for a treat.As I type, I keep thinking of new things that make this store so fantastic but I think you get the point so I'll wrap it up.I can't say I could do all of my grocery shopping here, probably 75% give or take.  They don't have everything I buy and when they do, it most often will be more expensive than other stores.If I had to find a negative I would say: The Whole Foods I used to go to had fresh cut to order pasta and they had a better cheese selection (similar to to Manhattan).  The parking can really stink.  It would be much easier to just shop at one grocery store but this Whole Foods makes that second stop completely worth the effort.
5	Whenever I've had a hard day, or need to get back to normal, I love to come here and browse the isles.  It sounds really strange, but coming to this super sized Whole Foods is really an experience that will make you feel  better after you leave.  Although I couldn't afford to shop here every day, there are a couple of things they sell that are worth paying the little extra.  The tequila lime chicken is great on the grill, they have a good selection of Sake, and fresh sushi.  Caviar (if you like that sort of thing which I do) a pretty good wine selection, and my absolute favorite Prosciutto de Parma.  Nobody in the valley cuts it, or packs it better than here.  At Fry's signature, they have a similar product, but the care for the Prosciutto that took 4 years to be made, is handled like you were ordering a half pound of bologna.  At Whole Foods, they use butcher paper (which probably weighs more but who cares) and each gossamer thin slice is placed perfectly  2 per paper, and  when done, wrapped with a large sheet of paper and nicely folded.  Now that fine product combined with a cave aged cheddar, crusty baguette, and a bottle of Hitching Post will have you feeling like your in Napa sipping Pinot with Miles  and Jack in no time.So, the food costs more here.  But, that's only because it's more expensive to feed a cow grass than corn.  It's more expensive to have hens actually walking around in their natural habitat, rather than stuffed on conveyer belts.  It takes time to teach the people in the deli that something that costs $30 a pound should be treated with respect.  I know one day I'll have kids, and I'll be complaining about how much everything costs, and how people are crazy for shopping at Whole Pay Check, but truth be told, if money were a no object (like win the lottery tomorrow money), for me Whole Foods would be my 99 and everything else would be 1% of the time.
5	Kent, mark, Jessie and the rest of the juice bar knows what I want as soon as they see me ;). I trust them making my MRP right Everytime! Thanks to the crew.
5	I can't make any claims of wealth, but when it comes to grocery shopping, I like to support local as much and as often as I can.  So when I'm not at the farmer's markets trying to put what money I do have back into the local economy, I'm at Whole Foods buying the products grown and made locally.  I'm also a huge supporter of organic, so short of being a rebellious hippie living off my parent's trust fund money or a trophy wife with nothing better to do (that's the Whole Foods stereotype, isn't it?), I will admit that I love trips to Whole Foods in most capacities.This isn't my go-to Whole Foods - as I live in Chandler (lucky for me, the Chandler Whole Foods is just as awesome), however much I wish it was, but I can feel safe knowing that when I find myself in N Scottsdale/Phoenix/Glendale, I have this big hulking beauty of a grocer to visit for anything I may need.
5	This is my FAVORITE Whole Foods and my FAVORITE grocery store! I love coming here! I love that the vegan products are labeled vegan! I love that they can make a vegan cake for my birthday! I come here and can spend like an hour plus there! My favorite is the Yasmin hummus (MUST TRY), I also love the vegan cookie dough, DELICIOUS! Oh and their fresh made salsa, yummyyyyy!!! This place is a bit far from me but it's worth a trip!
5	I love whole foods. Yes it is pricey , but the quality of what you get is incomparable . So many options for organic produce , a wide variety of fruits , veggies , herbs and much more. I love the fact you can order fish or meat and have them grill it there and you can also have a glass of wine or beer while you're waiting. I wish they had more in the valley , but then again I don't know if phoenix has the demographic to spread out as much as Trader Joes.
5	been to several healthy groceries before including other whole foods locations in cali and az... but until i visited this location (largest whole foods i've been too) i never found a place that sells organic rotisserie chicken ready to be consumed... If you're looking for a few quick meals with excellent protein source, you need to grab one of these... only thing is it sells out quick so you'll need to either call ahead or follow the times they prepare the organic ones... great value for what you get. highly recommended with avocado and of course without the skin...
4	Three words: honey peanut butter.Their self churn peanut butter grinders are amazing. I used to only know of a store in NYC where I could find it so it was utter bliss when I stumbled upon their grinders with a new amazing carob almond flavor as well. The addiction kicked up again with an ability to eat a container a day. Luckily, I only make it out there about once a month. Love this store's events including wine tastings and food demos. They also have a bar (which is surprisingly crowded some weeknights). There was a moment I thought I was at Fry's and bought a personal watermelon for $1.49 then I went through checkout and saw it was $11. No , this is not WinCo but it is amazing.
5	The only reason to go to this (or any) Whole Foods - and the 5 star review - is for their delicious MARY'S AIR COOLED CHICKEN in the butcher department, and HONEYMOON SWEETS at their bakery. All other items are a rip-off and anyone with a brain would buy at Safeway, instead, and warrant a 1 star rating.The chicken - Mary's Air Cooled fresh chicken - and Honeymoon Sweets, are unparalelled anywhere in America for fresh chicken and pastries and mini desserts.
5	Some day I hope to be rich enough to only shop here! In the meantime I get to go in and dream of buying all my groceries at such a wonderful place and pick a few items that are within my sad budget! This store really is amazing. The selection of prepared foods, healthy/special diet items, etc is amazing. This trip I bought the nan and heated it up for dinner and it was so soft, flavorful, and perfect. It was even better than the nan I had at the last indian restaurant I went to! I also got the pleasure of trying Sweet Republic's ice cream which had some really unique flavors. I loved the honey lavender and it was a great way to finish off shopping. I was able to find produce that I haven't found in even other high end stores like Aj's. I wish I had one closer to me although I would probably be broke because I would never cook again, I would just go there every few days and try everything!
4	4 stars and not 5 only because of the price.
4	The best whole grain chocolate cake thats 4x4 in the bakery for 5.99!!!Get your chocolate without feeling sick about it after.  This cake is so light weight and good. Get this cake for every birthday. Great for4 people or they make an even larger one. Prices on other things can be high but quality is good!
5	Love the hot food bar, the grill (they make GREAT burgers) and of course its best place to shop if you like organic produce and meats.   Its also worth noting that the juice bar is great as well.
5	Stopped off in the deli area for some "breakfast" and picked up vegan chicken salad, a corn salad, and a sweet corn tamale. WOW was the chicken salad amazing!!! vegan or not, this stuff tasted like the real deal. I am not vegan but I am always willing to try new things and boy am I glad I did. It is a bit pricy but well worth it because it does not have all the "bad" things like cholesterol in it. After having a bit to eat, you can walk around and do some shopping. I like the way this place is set up. It is good for morning brunch and then grabbing your weekly food.
4	This is what a grocery store should be like!  This is full service, staffed with friendly and helpful people, and stocked full of quality foods.  My only complaints is that on many items, they are more expensive than most other stores--but on a few select items, they can be cheaper.  They also have an excellent deli and food bar.
2	Expensive and the quality is not always not always there.  I bought a fresh chicken there $12.50 which is very expensive.  Well when I got it home it was LOADED with feathers.  It took 45 minutes to pluck the Fing bird.  Now you can get chicken anywhere for +-$1.29 a pound. Here is nwas around $2.29 and I had to do all the work.
5	Did you know this place has a HUGE chocolate and gelato bar? OMG so decadent. If you are looking to put together a special gift of chocolates for the holidays or a birthday this is the place to go.Also, they have at least 5 mini-restaurants inside the place so you can pretty much find whatever you'd like to eat. Oh yea and a bar too... a decent sized one with a nice selection of beer and some wine too - better place for the beer drinkers. I've never actually shopped here for grocery with the exception of a couple things like milk and eggs, but they have lots of organic and also different types produce which is a plus for the food adventurer. I was here one night and also saw a group of ladies taking some type of cooking class so it seems they offer things like that too. In an area of town that can get expensive, this is a nice affordable place to visit for a bite to eat and a couple of drinks and while you are at it you can pick up some things you need at home on your way out.
1	Lots of stuff isnt really organic as stated so just make sure you read ingredients carefully
5	Love the fresh dandelion greens they always carry for my green smoothies.
4	I really like this Whole Foods Market. They have everything a regular grocery store has plus much, much more. There's a grill inside, a tiny restaurant, an asian food bistro, a pizza counter, and the list goes on. Luckily, this location is close to our work and we have frequented it many times for lunch. If you are ever in the area, definiately stop on by as you'll find everything you need and go home with items you didn't need but definiately wanted!
3	I used to look forward to coming here and grabbing a bite, not so much anymore though.. What used to be great service and good quality food has definitely declined as of late, I used to live getting my GF pizza, now not so much.. I made a point to tell the manager my thoughts on the direction they are headed in...
2	Oh, brother! The grocery prices here are OBSCENE! Very sad that there is so very little competition in the entire Valley of the Sun for quality food.  I mean, the old co-op way down in Tempe has been gone many years now. And Wild Oats was summarily gobbled up by this multi-national corporate behemoth.  In addition to grocery prices, the quality of their deli foods have gone downhill ... that food is now just sort of low frequency, if you know what I mean.  If not, oh well.  Sure, this place is fun. But, really?  I mean REALLY? Comparable items at Trader Joe's cost is at least 33 less.  Jeez Louise.
4	For a quick bite check out the Asian counter at the Whole Foods cafe on Mayo! This is really good, fresh and cheap! If we are in the neighborhood at lunch time this place never fails! Just a small line but you can be in and out in 20 munutes !
5	Wow! This store is amazing. The selection, cleanliness, and customer service are amazing. The prices are definatly on the high side but it is truly a pleasure to shop here. The prepared food section makes it so much fun to shop here! I have found fruits and vegetables that I haven't found in other places. I come here regularly to pick up Naan. They have the best naan and I can freeze it! I recently got a couple things from the dessert case. While they were a little tough on the wallet, each was truly amazing. You could tell everything in them was fresh and from the highest quality ingredients.
4	This place is really great and if the CEO could stop making ridiculous political statements I might love this place.I love all the natural, vegan, cruelty free options here. The staff in the deli is great!
5	One of my favorite Whole Food Stores locations. I like it better than the one near PV mall. This place is gigantic and has just about everything including a lot of items from local merchants. The quality of the produce, meats, and seafood are higher end. Expect to pay more than usual but it's well worth it. Very clean and great full service in each and every department. Thumbs up!
2	I have been there many times , the food is good, products and the smoothy bar.I order a a smoothy made of kale, spinach , etc etc . I got sick after taking them for 5 days , i got a stomach infection, the vegetables were not properly clean, the employees of the bar they look always understaffed and most of the time the drinks  are all made wrong, expensive but it is not worth it when it affect your health with the bacteria or micro-animals that come with the produce . they need to be more care full and clean the ingredients before they put them on the juicer!! or they going to kill someone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	This is one of the bigger WF in the area and is worth the extra drive past the one on Raintree that is actually closer to me. I don't do much grocery shopping here, but when I'm not sure what I want for lunch I head to their prepared food section and pick out what looks best - so many options plus indoor and outdoor seating! I usually end up at their sandwich counter, the design-it-yourself panini style sammies are fantastic. This store is in a large commercial area and does get crowded at lunch, but it's worth it and let's be honest, a lot of the hungry patrons are cute business guy types or from the local hospital or gym, so I'm not complaining!
1	MEAT DEPT:  Watch the people behind the meat counter.  I picked the meat I wanted: it had to be cut.  The guy behind the counter took it into the back and came out with something that should have been in the trash box because of the fat, remaining conective tissue, and grizzle content.  I was very suprised because the customer service, food quality and selection at Whole Foods is, as a rule, good.  I am disapointed that I  now have to  fight for a meat selection or find another meat source.note:  I have been experienceing this type of dishonesty since I came to AZ--where does this cheat-the-customer morality come from?
4	As much as I had to admit it, Whole Paycheck er Foods is the stuff. I mean yes their prices are higher than any other grocery store, but the quality of food just cannot  be beat. I usually go on Wednesdays to get a the salad buffet as sometimes it is half off, sometimes it is $1.50 off and sometimes it is $2 off. It just varies. I love getting a fresh green shake made ( Fire on the Mountain and Peachy Green are my favs) as well as getting the Shaved brussel sprout and kale salad. Oh dear lord, if that salad was not $8.99 a pound, I would go and get it every day as it really is that  good. Last time I was there I spent $15 and I got a half a pound of  the mentioned salad, half a pound of roasted brussel sprouts with pancetta and shaved romano cheese, and a 16oz Peachy Green shake. Even though I was able to spread this out for two days, it was still a little pricey for me. But it is a nice treat if you can swing it.The staff are wonderful, the food is fresh, the prices are high, but hey you definitely get what you pay for and good quality food is EXPENSIVE!
4	Best cheese selection in Scottsdale.
5	I love shopping at this store. The meat selection is absolutely amazing. The customer service is out of this world. You have to check it out for yourselves!
5	So convenient, I'm in love with their salad bar! I also love that they list all of their ingredients in everything so that I know what I'm getting, they also point out allergens in their food. I eat here about once a week, usually on Wednesdays because their salad and hot food bar it $2 off. They also offer $6 healthy meals.As for the groceries, I do call it "whole paycheck" but it's worth it to pay a little more, the quality is obvious and they have a ton to offer.
4	I would never be a regular grocery shopper here since I'd be broke as a joke after 1 trip here. That being said, they have a lot of options for vegans, health nuts, etc and they have a lot of items a lot of other stores don't carry. I did recently buy vegan lasagna from the cold food area to take home and a vegan cookie from the bakery.... HOLY CRAP!!! I had to keep checking the label of the cookie and the lasagna to make sure it wasn't switched with non vegan foods. Best lasagna i've ever had and i'd put $ on that no one could tell that the lasagna was vegan.... Props to your lasagna WF... I like to stop by here when in the area for a quick bite to eat or if I need something vegan that another store won't have. Otherwise, still not an every week grocery store for me. Too expensive.
4	I really wish this location was closer to my house!Not only is whole foods chock full of yummy, organic and healthy groceries, but they also have hot food stations throughout the store. How cool is that?Lots of grassfed beef and organic meat/poultry options as well.I can always find my favorite almond and coconut milk here-and love all green home product selections that aren't easy to find at your regular retailers.I've tried the sandwiches, japanese and burgers. All tasty.The prepared food station always has tasty tofu options :)For you moms out there, there is a changing table in the very TIGHT bathroom-which has a lousy lock on the large stall. We got walked in on at least twice here.
2	Very very disappointed in the fact that they have discontinued several of their salad bar prepared salads. I loved their southwest lentil salad and the mediterranean orzo salad. The lentil salad is gone. And the orzo salad has changed. Not in a good way. SO that's what used to get me there and I would wander around and end up spending $100. SO now no reason pulling me in. They have lost my $$.
5	This may be the greatest grocery store ever. Not only can you get the staples for your pantry but a growler of an ever changing list of 30 craft tap beers, enjoy wines by the glass from a selection of 14 and get dinner made that you picked out or was already prepared in the many different food stands. This place is great and you can expect to see me back very regularly!
5	When I first went to this Whole Foods, I thought it was a little weird to have a bar and grill in the middle of a grocery store, but now I don't see why this isn't a bigger trend. The Smokehouse Grill in the back of the store makes great burgers and sandwiches. You can even pick anything out of the big meat case and they'll grill it for you on the spot! The wine bar is also great. You can take your beer with your around the store.
5	love love love this place so so much! would rather come here than any other regular old grocery store. employees are so nice, the store always smells great with all of the scents of every type of food imaginable. food choice is huge. sushi is amazing and their pizza is beyond perfect. lines can get long though. prices for some things are a little bit high but its worth it in the long run. love how they have a section of toms shoes and toiletries like soaps,makeup, body washes, baby stuff, dog stuff, and shampoos and conditioners. will definitely be shopping here a lot in my life of living.
4	My review only is for the Northside Bar that is ironically in the SOUTHEWEST corner of the store. Gotta love a grocery store with 35 taps and $10 pizzas (on Thursdays)!Fantastic beer selection with an emphasis on locals.  I'd like to see more beer culture and special events (like at the Chandler WF!)   Happy hour is a bit stingy but the Thursday growler fill special is a great deal.And no, it's not as odd as it sounds to relax and enjoy a pint in a grocery store.
5	Two words, service is awesome. Now I know that is three words but I don't even give a care. That's right, give a care. Employees from produce to deli to butcher to cashier are awesome and helpful. Thank you Adrian, Peter, and to all others that I rudely don't remember your name. You are all amazing.
3	We go to whole foods for take out pizza as well as some specialty shopping. The pizza is made with fresh ingredients and is surprisingly good and inexpensive.
5	Trader Joes on steroids
4	Great store, try the fruit smoothies they are really good.
5	Was just here last night shopping for organic fruits (Gala apples, bananas, and seedless white grapes) and organic almond butter (searched for 365 brand, which was out-of-stock, so I bought Maisie Jane's, instead).  I just love the large produce area at this location, which WF Mayo seems to always have someone present and constantly stocking shelves with fruits and vegetables.  I had called ahead to ask if there were organic bananas and Gala apples (specifically Royal Gala), so I knew that the banana supply was running low.  I unfortunately didn't find any Royal Gala apples, so I had to make do with the small, yet gorgeous Gala apples on display.I thought I'd update my reviews here by mentioning that there will be an ice cream social event on Saturday, July 27th, from 2p to 5p, or so an e-newsletter informed me this morning!  I clicked on the Facebook link to get more information, which led me to a WF website link that stated "all Whole Foods" will be participating.  I wish I could go, because not only will WF have their own brand of ice cream on-hand, but one of my favorite organic brands, Three Twins, is going to be featured, and both email and website state that for every Three Twins purchase made, one dollar will be donated to the Non-GMO Project!  To find out more this organization, please visit nongmoproject.com.The website mentioned all WF stores are participating, but that "some stores might have sweet concoctions up their sleeve like sundaes, shakes, floats and malts and many are planning fun events for kids and adults alike..."  Wish I could attend the event myself, but I'll be at work, so for those of you planning to attend, just have an extra tablespoon of ice cream for me!  :)Read more about the event here http://wholefoodsmarket.com/blog/youre-cordially-invited-ice-cream-social-july-27?sf15241907=1
5	Went there to buy my Cocao beans and powder.  Whole Foods is the only place I have been able to find these items.  Since I was there over lunch I had a awesome spinach tuna rap.  Plenty of great thing for every part of your life.
5	A vacationing wife, nothing to eat in the house, and a penchant for women in yoga pants - deliver me from evil, Amen."You really should try to eat healthy next week," my wife spouts while packing for her trip;  "Try Whole Foods on your way home from work."What a mistake!I went in hungry and left horny. Jesus.I highly recommend this place for any guy whose wife is out of town, is tired of cold pizza and beer for dinner, and, has an unhealthy affliction for women in sheer yoga pants.I now know what the Lululemon lawsuit is all about. Whoever filed the lawsuit is obviously not  a straight male with a vacationing spouse.
4	Came in the other day to find some goodies to stock the mini-fridge in my hotel room.And I thought the Whole Foods I go to in Atlanta was huge! I've certainly never seen one with a barbecue or a bar before!The selection was amazing--with one seriously risky dry good section for my pocket book--and I had a fun time exploring.Definitely going back to check out some baked goodies.The only downside for me was the lack of a hot food bar like back home, and the place felt intimidatingly warehouse-y. Hope I get the chance to get used to it! :)
4	this location has an absolutely amazing cafe section .... I've never stepped foot into a Whole Foods so I won't lie, I don't know if that's normal at all locations or specific locations but I'm a huge fan.  There are several different stations, including sandwiches, Asian/sushi, pizza/italian ... AND a bar! haha.  Can't deny - I have never seen a grocery store with a full blown bar that has happy hours but that's kind of cool.  I went to the sandwich station for lunch and got a turkey, mozzarella, olive tapanas wrap which was delicious. Everything was extremely clean and well stocked in the middle of lunch hour, which is always a good sign :)
5	This whole foods is the best I have been to. Has the most selection. Something for everyone
4	As far as grocery stores go, Whole Foods is the emporium of epicurean delights. There are more displays that dazzle the eye and my ample curiosity rather than my wallet ah!...Yes, if you are trying to save some dough, this really isn't the place for you...Honest...WF is not my regular destination for grocery shopping...it is really more of a special occasion store for me...and yes the prices have something do do with that...However, I must say the quality is consistently superb...in fact, it is just mind blowing to see the stunning variety there is at the self serve salad bar and the little food court offering anything from Indian cuisine, to paninis, sushi, pizzas etc...Just unbelievable..And the staff is quite incredible also. I find them to be always friendly, cheerful and helpful.Maybe one area that needs a little help or reconfiguration is the coffee bar...? It is always busy and seems actually understaffed to me...
4	I was devastated when the location on Raintree "located" to Camelback. Even though it seems sooo far to drive to this one it's worth my drive at least once a week for lunch. Especially on Wednesdays when it's $2.00 off. They have everything you could ever want between the salad bars, hot bars and deli.
5	Best Whole Foods I have been to in Arizona.Great selection on food and meats.The employees that work here are amazing! Always friendly!!
5	Where do I begin? There are certain companies that just "get it" and Whole Foods is one of those companies. And the Mayo N Scottsdale location is no exception. The staff genuinely cares about companies core values and it's customers. They support local business and create awareness about worthwhile programs in the community and across the globe.The produce, meat, and fish are the best and freshest in any grocer in town.If you are health conscious and care about doing business with companies with purpose then Whole Foods is a grocer you should consider.
5	Dear God this place is the be-all-end-all to me, at this point in my life, as far as fine grocery shopping is concerned--and more.  The thing I want to praise most is the seafood department's offering to cook your fish--5 different ways, 10 different rubs and marinades as well for no extra charge.  I like my Atlantic salmon medium-rare and I've gotten it there twice already, once grilled and once fried and both were perfectly prepared.  Cost me about eight bucks for a 1/2 pound portion.  Just begun to explore this Godsend to mankind.
5	I love this Whole Foods and find myself going here all the time.  Yes, it is more expensive than say a Fry's, so let's get that out of the way.  I currently do not eat any dairy products whatsoever, so what I like most about Whole Foods are the foods you cannot get anywhere else like:  Dairy Free Pesto and Parmesan.  Vegan cupcakes, desserts and Alfredo sauce.  It's just so exciting to me that I can eat some of my favorite things without the dairy, gluten or additives.  I love that they have freshly ground Organic chicken.  It makes the best tacos or Spaghetti Bolognese.  They have the most amazing antioxidant superfruit Sangria called Eppa...which makes me feel better about drinking it.  Who knew that an organic superfruit antioxidant Sangria even existed?  Well they did!The coffee/juice bar is somewhat slow at making drinks.  Therefore, I order one, shop around and come back to pick it up.  They also offer non-dairy creamers for their coffee drinks which is great for me because then I do not need to bring in my own.
5	What a beautiful store and it even smells good. It smells like fresh fruit and vegetable to me. Bring your own bag so that you can get .10 cents off your total for every bag that you bring in.Wonderful fruit! Wow, the best grapes you will taste in this country at least.Fresh food to take with you as well. In case you do not want to cook. That is me always , I never want to cook. Sometimes I have to, but I never want to.You can find every thing organic and gluten free here. All your needs will be meet.Your part in the deal. Bring a lot of money, because it is going to cost you a lot.You give and take right. Nice selection and a great shop.Super clean as well.
2	Love this place but whats up with the dirty kale / salad at the food bar lately?I don't mind paying the prices for Whole Foods because it is so unique and one of a kind.  But it's disturbing when I am eating salad and find dirt all over the pieces of Kale from the salad bar.  Please fix it!?!?! Ewwwww.
4	I come here for lunch.  GREAT SELECTION! Their sushi is fresh, burgers are juicy, and salad bar is huge.  I have yet to try all the different options. There is fresh food for days you don't want to cook.  Though the ingredients are very fresh the price is what steers me away, can't seem to leave this place without burning a hole in my wallet.
5	Northside Bar in the back corner! Ordered a local flight. At 11am (on a weekend haha). lots of yummy options with different types of food bars. Huge store. Spacious sitting area, and standing round tables, too.
2	Whole foods = whole paycheck. Another overpriced trendy, gluten free, pesticides  free, gmo free, lactose intolerant, allergy free, dye free, organic, wanna be hipster, supermarket. If you want similar type food and a great price I recommend sprouts. Similar atmosphere, similar prices, without ripping you off.
5	A grocery store with a bar in it?  Sold! $4 for any pint all day Saturday?  Sold!  We stopped by for a few drinks after dinner in Scottsdale.  I absolutely LOVE their craft beer selection.  It rivals a lot of the top bars in AZ.  We grabbed our pints, then I went to scope out the pastries and desserts.  Anywhere I can grab a delicious dessert with my craft pint, I will love forever.  Don't just shop here, drink here!
4	For great organic foods, whole foods is a great place to purchase these products. Loaded with almost every need you need to prepare you're meal, whole foods is a friendly and green place. Using recyclable bags is what gives them their edge. Great products the only problem is the fish never smells fresh which is a turnoff, and prices are expensive. Otherwise I think whole foods is great market to shop at weekly.
5	Thank you Dan and Michael in the cooked food department for your amazing customer service!
5	Awesome place! Best food store in town! There is so many options you'll find something to delight your taste buds.
4	Yes, this is a great store, clean always stocked and the employees are very nice, no attitudes from the meat counter like I get from Sprouts (Tatum & Cactus)Positives:CleanGreat selection of fresh meats, fish and shell fish and they actually train their employees to ask if they can help you with a smile, not like the BS attitude you get from Sprouts. (Tatum and Cactus)Produce and fruit selection, Amazing!Spacious (Inside)Very nice employeesNegatives:Parking (always packed)European beer selection (Poor) Very sad when you see over priced craft beer crap take over the excellent German, Belgium and Dutch beers. European beers, no GMOsRum selection, again very poor, so many 5 star rums from Nicaragua, Panama and the West Indies are available but you compete with the over priced crap you can buy from  Walmart I do love this store, a few extra miles to travel for me but when I dump a couple of hundred dollars on a few items the experience and the quality is worth it.4 out of 5 stars due to the beer and rum selections
5	We come here almost twice a week, and love it! This morning, while running late, I asked my husband to pick up milk for our daughter. I called whole foods and Diana was kind enough to bring the milk to customer service so my husband could run in and out w our toddler. Impressed that a large chain still has customers at the heart of their business. We will continue to shop here.
5	I should give it one star just because of how it makes my already flat wallet that much skinnier! I should own a good portion of this place. But I love everything they have to offer and the super happy and friendly staff obviously know me well and always take great care of me!
5	No doubt the best Whole Foods Market in the Valley. This one even features Indian Street Food and about a dozen soups scattered in two sections. I ran into some dude who was walking around aimlessley for 30 minutes trying to decide what to eat for lunch. The choices are endless, the salads are bountiful and the protein bowls and pizza slices are also very tempting. I don't really shop here, I just buy lunch or dinner usually.  Wednesday is the day to hit the Hot Food bar as prices are reduced by $2 to only $6.99  a pound (it should always be that price), but that is still a good deal.
5	This is by far the BEST Whole Foods I have ever been in (and I have been in a ton of them). They even have a beer and wine bar in the back....are you kidding me? I was SOLD right there. Had a nice glass of Sauv Blanc to accompany my freshly made chicken and arugula sandwich. I was very happy and will be back :)
5	Love the  smoothies!  I come here every morning for  my green smoothie.  Great price  compared to other juice bars around.  All the guys n gala at the juice bar are fab!
5	This place has bomb smoothies. I've had the mango tango and the green and glowing. They both make me want more! They also have a mini restaurant. They're burgers are delicious, juicy, and organic! Yum! I love their meat. Mmm meat
1	Whole Foods has very poor quality food! Don't be fooled by their hype, expensive prices and nice looking store. Every time I shop here, I am disappointed. Especially with the meat department! So Gross!!!I recently purchased organic ground beef and when I got it home and started making it into burgers, I was horrified! The beef had a lot of extra non-muscle tissue, non-fat tissue in it. I was disappointed in the quality for sure, but....I was horrified to find what looked like tiny eyeballs in the beef - a lot of them! The beef was littered with little pea sized sacs of gel/blood. It looked like small eyeballs. It was so gross!I went right back to the store to return it. They did not even question me - like it happens a lot with the meat department.So gross and this is not the first bad experience I have had with the meat department.In addition, there fresh produce is not so fresh and it is very dirty and bug filled. Very poor grade produce and beef at this Whole Foods in Scottsdale on Mayo Blvd. The health department should really be informed about it.At the very least the manager should be replaced!Note to site manager:It is a waste of time and money to have to return items - especially expensive items that should not be of such poor quality. You should not even be selling food like this!Plus, you are risking making us all SICK!
5	This is my new fav. Grocery. Fresh produce, amazing selection of meats, seafood and poultry. The service has always been good and the place is always clean. Some items can be pricey-- and some defiantly worth it!
5	So expensive but great variety of produce and protein.  Love coming here!
5	The atmosphere is always great. The selection is always good and there are definitely always alternating options all over the store. I find myself coming here for both lunch and dinner on a pretty regular basis. Both my coworkers and myself like to come here as often as possible because it's the healthiest option around and the most friendly atmosphere we can seem to find nearby. Some may joke that this place is called whole paycheck which it definitely can but I would much rather spend a couple extra bucks to eat here then go to fast food and feel gross after.
4	I love Whole Foods because they literally carry everything I could possibly need/want.  Their hot food dept and salad dept is amazing.  I just wish I had a store closer to me in Old Town Scottsdale.  The only complaint I have is them running out of ezekial muffins.  I eat a ton of those but they're always out of stock.  It's a little frustrating when I make the drive out there to see my favorite product is gone.  Considering they're such a large store, I would think they'd hardly ever run out of anything.
5	I love this Whole Foods Store. They have an amazing selection of craft beers, wines and other organic produce - real expensive compared to what you can get at other stores, which is non-organic though. But what I really like about this store is the fact that you can get your meat grilled for a small fee - $2; seafood gets grilled for free! Not all Whole Foods stores give you this option. I also like their bakery section where you can buy full/half/one-fourth loafs of bread if you like some variety in your daily sandwiches. And also who doesn't like doing some grocery shopping drinking beer or enjoying good red wine? Sadly they don't carry Coke or Pepsi but you can something similar which tastes awful. The store is very nicely lit, has very friendly staff and just feels very lively.
2	This location has the worst customer service. I have tolerated the unwelcoming, entitled attitudes of both staff and customers alike because, in general, I like Whole Foods. After being charged double on a bottle deposit and having the customer service counter dismiss my request for assistance, I will shop here no longer. Treat your customers like garbage and they will leave.
5	This is probably the bets Whole Foods location in Arizona.  No disappointments when it comes to Whole Foods.  They deliver on every level and the staff is always in a good mood.  You can't beat the healthy lifestyle choices they have and create.
5	This place is amazing. I honestly first started going to Trader Joe's because I thought it was pretty good- but when I stepped into this whole foods it was like I was on another planet.Their selection is really good, they have a juice bar, wine bar, hot food/cold food anything you could imagine. Most of the time I go here for lunch because they have anything you could want for somewhat affordable prices. This is a good spot for healthy food from anywhere in the world.
5	The Whole Foods Market in North Scottsdale is by far the best I've visited in the area. It is a large store with just about anything organic/natural you could think of. Tons of fresh produce, meat/seafood, a bakery, grocery aisle with home care products. One of our favourite things to do is come for lunch - they have an extensive deli with fresh pizza, salad and hot bars, sushi, you name it. They also have an extensive wine and beer selection, and always seem to have events and tastings in the store.I really wish Whole Foods would open a store in Calgary! I would probably come every day!!!
3	Ok.  The store itself it cool.  I love all the selections.  This is review is based on the hot food section and the ice cream.  They have tons of selection.  I decided to get my dinner at the hot take out please.  I got the roasted chicken, mash potatoes, etc.  It looked great but it was so DRY.  Bummer.  The ice cream from Sweet Republic was AWESOME....
4	Love Whole Foods! Although some things can be pretty pricy, they always have fun new products that you usually can't get other places.  I was excited to see they had Sweet Republic ice cream inside with tons of flavors which I've been wanting to try for ages. They also had a very large macaron selection.  I could spend hours in this store just walking around checking everything out!
3	As someone who travels for work, I've been to maybe 30 or 40 Whole Foods across the nation. My home store in Scottsdale, though, has had a rough time because it was built in expectation of more housing going in just before the big Recession. It is a big, beautiful store with one of the largest selections of any of the stores I've seen, but has some issues that keep me from giving it a higher score. (I would prefer to give 3.5 stars.) Here's a rundown (I won't pick on the store for the recession period, only its recent issues.):1. Prepared foods: Of all the stores I've ever been to, this one has consistently been weakest when it comes to the steam table-portion of prepared foods. Part of this is a function of the store's location, which has some but not enough businesses nearby. But the bigger problem is simply the selection is often bland and uninspired. A Nashville, Tennessee, store, for example was chock full of Southern specialties. A Washington, D.C., store I visited had an enormous selection of food from around the world. Sadly, the Scottsdale store has generic, bland repetitive food choices that are often not prepared well. The rice is dry; the beans and rice never look appetizing; and roasted Brussel sprouts are often undercooked. Recently, they added some Indian fair and a ramen station, which is between the pizzas and sandwiches, instead of next to the Asian soup bowl section. The choices of prepared food along the far wall is comprehensive, but sometimes those staffing the Asian soup bowl section have been downright mean to my 12-year-old son. The store's BBQ is often dry and tough.2. Produce: This is the most important section of the store to me and at first glance looks well stocked. Like many Whole Foods, though, it is often overpriced and fails to have the diversity a store of this size should have. Freshness can be an issue with products such as snow peas, okra and cucumbers. When I lived in California, a lack of variety wasn't a problems because I prefer farmer's markets, but Arizona has very limited farmer's market choices making us more dependent on getting produce from Whole Foods. On the other hand, those winter sumo oranges -- in which the skin just falls off -- are the amazing.3. Fresh-baked chocolate chip cookies. This store used to have the BEST vegan chocolate chip cookies of any store I've ever visited and yes, I buy a chocolate chip cookie at every one. Sadly, a few months ago, the store dumped the amazing recipe it had been using -- I think the dough was outsourced -- and replaced the cookies with an inferior product. Instead of a crisp, fresh-tasting delight, the store now offers a doughy, stale off-flavor cookie. 4. Baggers: The checkout people are always friendly and polite. The baggers, however, seem to forget we live in a desert where the interior of a car can exceed 160. While the checkout people are great about making sure ice is added to the bags, the baggers often put perishable products in the non-cooled bags. If I don't check the bags before going out the car, the chocolate bar will be liquefied by the time I get home. 5. Knowledge: It's hit or miss when it comes to general knowledge about the food at this store. The employees have a good sense of where everything is, but they're weak about produce variety, what's non-dairy, etc. Several times in years' past, they had dairy products mixed in with a section titled non-dairy or vegan. To their credit, the store team fixed the problem immediately.6. Making food fun: In a way, this is the store's weakest point. Samples tend to be poorly tended and the choices uninspired. Unlike some stores, there seems to be less in the way of cooking classes and very little is done to make the store a community hangout.Positives:1. Large fish and huge meat selection.2. Even though I criticize the steam tables, the store does have a huge selection of prepared foods.3. Huge gluten-free offerings.4. Better than average non-dairy offerings.5. Coffee, tea and baked goods all offered in one spot.6. Popular wine bar.Technically, there is nothing wrong with this store as far as Whole Foods go; it just needs to improve in the areas mentioned above. (And lower prices on produce.)
5	I've been to just about all of the Whole Foods locations in the Valley and this one is by far the nicest. They have every natural/organic/gluten free/special diet item you can think of and the selection of organic produce is outstanding! I feel so blessed to have moved to a home within 10 minutes drive to this place :-)  They also have a great selection of ready-made meals and foods. I can't wait to try out the wine bar and $1 tacos!The other shoppers can be kinda fancy...I like to go after my workout on Sundays so I feel so underdressed! Haha! It is North Scottsdale, though.... ;-)
4	I love it when my wife and daughter shop here! I will volunteer to come with them to "help". Almost every time I find my way to the Northside Bar in the back corner to enjoy a local craft brew from a huge selection (because I am a great help). I suppose I am fortunate this place is a bit of a drive from home. The taps at Northside rotate frequently and the bartenders all do a great job recommending new and interesting brews. It is also fun to run into other craft brew lovers and guys "helping" shop. I've gotten as many excellent recommendations on new craft brews from he clientele here as from the staff.As for the market itself, it is kind of like going to Nordstrom's. We feel smart and affluent walking in and all the staff interact with us in a way that confirms both our intelligence and our affluence. The store is bright, has wide aisles, has a great selection of beers, cheeses, produce, and an awesome butcher shop. Additionally, you can grab a meal here and eat it at a table or high top back at Northside bar. My daughter is a big fan of the bakery and the specialty ice creams they carry. Sometimes, when we have come just for the brown rice but leave with a $200 order that fits in two insulated bags, we feel just a little less affluent and intelligent. But that passes quickly if there is a growler in one of the bags!
5	Thank you so much for offering so many gluten-free options. As someone just diagnosed with Celiac, you now have the largest selection of food that I can eat compared to anywhere else. Wish the prices were lower, but I realize these are specialty items. Love Annie's products!
5	If you love food, without question this is the store for you. The meat and produce department are flawlessly arranged and very clean. If you're looking for obscure veggies, fresh seafood and even dry aged prime steaks, you won't be disappointed. Typically the staff is willing to help and it's easy to get around. When I want to indulge, the craft beer selection is diverse! Esthetically appealing desserts and a fresh food bar that is always crowded..even a fresh coffee bean section where you can select and grind some very nice beans. It's unusual to get so excited about a grocery store but this's Whole Foods achieves just that.
5	I absolutely love this Whole Foods Market (WFM).  It's big, bright, and airy. Clean, organized, and typically well-stocked. Great customer service. Anytime I have a query re a product, they're always quick to respond, and very helpful. Even the cashiers are always friendly & smiling. Love that!They open at 7am and close at 10pm. They have "everything, and the kitchen sink" in this store. One time I was in need of black flats early in the morning. Popped in here and bought some Toms (shoes).  They have a really cute selection of vegan-friendly clothes and accessories too. I also love how they support local vendors. I'll see them coming in to replenish their stock.Speaking of vegan, their vegan food selection is vast! Everything from fresh, healthy, raw vegan foods, to yummy fried, soy/ tempeh/ seitan vegan comfort foods. I found vegan bacon bits, vegan honey mustard salad dressing, chipotle mayo, fried "shrimp" & "fish" for the 1st time right here. They have all of my favorite brands (Gardein, Follow Your Heart, Boca, Vegetarian Plus, Earth Balance, Beyond Meat, SoDelicious, etc). Let's not neglect to give props to the in-house chefs for their superb vegan creations. My favs include fresh vegan cake donuts (various flavored icings), vegan cookies, vegan potato salad, vegan Sonoma "Chicken" Salad, buffalo "chicken" strips, Udon noodles, vegan cupcakes, vegan chocolates & truffles. I also love their fruit sorbets. The watermelon sorbet is an amazing summer treat. I also love their house-made spicy guacamole. Yum!There is (usually) no shortage of vegan options at the hot bar or salad bars. I do suggest visiting these bars earlier in the day, as they look quite dreadful (dried out foods) by night. They have a sushi bar, pizza station, & a coffee station too. I've tried none of these. Check their store calendar for the different cooking & wine classes that they offer. The cashiers & baggers always ask if you need ice for your groceries. Great store.
5	This store has been open for a couple of years now. It's much larger than the store that closed near Raintree and the 101. The selection is much larger and has convienent access to the 101. I love the competition between Sprouts and Whole Foods.  It has meant a larger selection of fresh produce and more products to choose from between the two stores.
5	I'm here almost weekly for smoothies, sushi, whatever else I can find that looks good. Always busy but all staff is always helpful and willing to assist. Will definitely keep coming back!
5	Often we grab our lunch from here, the best buffalo burgers in town!
3	I love this place!!!! Check out the bakery and the already prepared food areas...perfect for a bachelorette!UPDATE! Last few times I visited  was not a great experience... I purchased a dry rack of Bison ribs which I was very unhappy about. Also becareful about the hot/cold foods sitting out there all day, flies usually beat me to it. From now on I'm just getting their dessert.
1	5 star store except I have commented about how dusty the pendant lights are over the booths where you eat your store bought food.  I have talked to several employees about the the sanitary conditions. They all said they will jump right on it, but each time I am at the store it still has not been cleaned.You would think that the cleaning crew would address this issue, but if no one complains, I guess they just ignore it!!
5	The Mecca of all Whole Foods locations in the valley! We love the pre-marinated frozen fish selection... Tequila-lime catfish and any of the salmon selections are great! Produce is higher priced than the organic section at other grocery stores, but they also have a much larger selection. You will never find bruised or already molding produce... Like at a few of the Sprouts around the valley.  The 365 brand is extremely affordable for people who say organics cost too much (however doctor bills cost much more). And then when you feel like you've had enough of a health kick... OMG their bakery... Macaroons, fancy cakes and pies. If you aren't much a cook/baker and you want to bring something to a dinner party to impress, go to the bakery here! Baba organic black lager is tasty. Thick premium cut organic/grassfed NY Strip or Ribeye is worth the splurge if you can. They also carry Desert Smoke steak rub that is made locally but I haven't found anywhere else. The cheese selections... Goat topped with fig and Marcona almonds... Okay I'll stop now!
5	A wonderful place to get the nicest organic veggies, bulk grains and nuts, fresh bread, fresh flowers, natural pharmacy items and restricted-diet-friendly foods.  Watch out for high prices on fresh seafood, non-organic (regular) vegetables, some prepared foods and non-specialty items. This location has a beautiful layout and an excellent selection.  It's also staffed with helpful, friendly people!  I've needed help finding something many, many times so I've definitely done the research on that.I'll admit it.  It took me a long time to come around to liking Whole Foods.  Sure, it's beautiful and clean and every single piece of produce looks like it could win a prize, but I hated feeling shafted - just look at the seriously exorbitant prices on plain old grapes or peaches.  Then, my husband and I decided to eat mostly organic for a month.  We quickly discovered that prices are pretty consistent for organic produce wherever you go, but far and away the best quality is at Whole Foods.  While we were there, we discovered that they have a wonderful selection of specialty items (calling all food freaks - if you need [insert food here]-free, they got it!).  It's a wonderful place to find variety and quality if you are trying to eat "clean" or remove something from your diet (lots of coconut-milk-based dairy alternatives, tons of gluten-free options).  The prices on these types of items are higher wherever you go, so, once again, you might as well bask in the glorious perfection (and selection) at Whole Foods. They have wonderful variety, quality and price in the bulk section! Need some organic cous cous or buckwheat, brown rice or quinoa? Grab some here! They even sell cheap mason jars to store all of these goodies.  Our pantry is packed full of them, now, and it's a beautiful and inexpensive way to store things so that you can see them! The fresh flowers and fresh bread are excellent, as is the selection of supplements and moisturizers.  In summary, I still haven't found a way to use the salad bar without feeling robbed, but there are some wonderful deals on quality items to be found here!
4	I will go ahead and update my review based on the products and service, now that I don't eat from the prepared food section.They have a great selection of produce although priced above some other stores with equal quality. They also have fresh cut fruit, although my wife purchased some organic pineapple which was extremely tart, not sweet at all. They did have some interesting salsas like, mango salsa, and some others as well which looked divine.Their wine and beer selection is superb.Lots of awesome looking prepared foods in the refrigerated section like oil-free dressing (avocado, balsamic, mandarin, ginger). Cauliflower tabbouleh, pizzas, soups etc.Baked goods section was running a deal for $1 on many of their macaron selection. Some cool flavors included: banana split, kiwi & bubble gum.They also have a great selection of organic, raw and otherwise healthy snack foods for people looking to eat healthily or have dietary restrictions.Their gluten free adoption are available in abundance, sometimes at pretty decent prices.Service is always great with knowledgable staff, friendly cashiers, and quick checkout.
5	For anyone not made of money, it's natural to resist the upscale, crunchy appeal of Whole Foods Market. There I sat in my cubicle, wondering where to eat lunch day after day, not even considering the large grocery store just a short walk away from my office. Then my girlfriend started mentioning all of the great deals on healthy foods she was finding at Whole Foods on her lunch breaks and curiosity slowly crept into my gastronomical musings.Then one day I made the leap and have not regretted it since. Granted, I'm not saying this place is cheap, but you definitely get what you pay for. And the amount of food offerings are vast. There's a BBQ smokehouse place in the back with $5 lunch deals, a Chipotle-like burrito bar, a bar with happy hour specials, a brick oven pizzeria, a crazy awesome salad bar ($2 off per pound on wednesdays), an Asian cuisine kitchen, and a bevy of pre-made dishes that are probably better than anything your mom could ever dream of making.I haven't done much actual grocery shopping here because, again, it's pricey, but if you're looking for a quality, healthy dining experience then this is the place to go.Also, the people watching at the Scottsdale location is incredible. It's like a carnival of stereotypes and then some.
5	Fresh salad bar for lunch is very good. Wednesday it's $6.49 a pound which is $2 off the normal price. They have a ton of good drinks also.
1	Drove twenty minutes out of my way to get some vegan food at this whole foods. I went away empty handed because some manager in prepared foods came up and asked for certification for my service dog. You should teach your employees that you are not allowed to ask for certification under the American disabilities act. You are allowed to ask if the dog is a service dog and what service that dog provides. I informed the manager of this and he said that "just so you know we have a sign that says only service dogs are allowed so if he's not a service dog you need to go" As someone with PTSD and severe anxiety I was mortified and left empty handed. The man was watching me in the store and standing at the door while I left. It made me feel really creeped out and uneasy. I will probably never return to this location. I Thanks for the public humiliation tonight.I called back to complain and the manager sounded very unapologetic. I'm now sitting at home on the verge of an anxiety attack. Probably will have to call into work tomorrow. Thanks guys.
1	The customer service in the deli area has gone down from a 10 to 3.  Really enjoy the skewers, but it looks like only one person can help us out and nowhere to be found
2	Whole Foods should be called "Whole Paycheck". Just another Illuminati company that wants to rip you a new asshole with their absorbant high prices for bland tasting food. Most of their food has GMO in it and they claim to be non-GMO which is a bunch of bullcrap.  There is like maybe 10% of food that is really non GMO and most taste so bland that i do not shop there rarely anymore.I instead have discovered Trader Joes. They have yummy tasting foods which they obviously put through testing to only have the best yummiest stuff. When i get something from Trader Joes i know it's going to taste good. THey have organic stuff there for less then Whole Paycheck.Whole Paycheck is probably another "Illuminati" company that cares nothing for the human race who only cares about fattening their bank accts and lying to us. Most of Whole Foods food is filled with crap and is not healthy. They lie b/c they can because the Illuminati who run the U.S. secretly are all about depopulation and killing off the masses through poisoned foods. Google this!  So i would trust Whole Paycheck foods like i trust the devil. I only buy certain things from Whole Foods but if i go in there i know i will have my asshole ripped apart by the time i go out and lose a chunk from my bank acct. That is why i go to Trader Joes and sometimes Frys for their organic and kosher section.And by the way, Gluten Free means poisoned now, because it contains brown rice which somehow got poisoned with Arsenic lately probably because the Illuminati are spraying crops with chemtrails from the sky which is poisoning all of us intentionally.GMO foods which Whole Paycheck Foods have a lot of has been proven to cause cancer in rats and mutates the DNA. The Illuminati are putting it in everything to destroy the human race and mutate them. That is why people are so evil and zombie like. It's being done intentionally. Whole "Paycheck" Foods pretends to care about people but all they care about is their big fat lying asses and their wallets. I wouldn't eat their meat...as people have tested it and it contains GMO. Their organic meats look black which means it probably came from a sick cow due to chemtrails poisoning the cattle from the sky. The black is probably carbon nanotubes. Since nanotechnology is being put in everything now to implant everyone with nanotech wires and bots so we become zombies. Go research this.
4	Whole Foods. 'Nuff said.
5	I LOVE this Whole Foods!!! If it wasn't for this store being so close to where I live, I would starve!! They have the most amazing foods and grocery selections. People stay away from Whole Foods due to price but I learned long ago that you get what you pay for! Cheap groceries = crap GMO, corn syrup latent foods! I have never had a bad experience and I am almost there on a daily basis! This is not a place for the rich and snobby. I have a young family that brings home humble money. We just know what is worth budgeting for! For anyone who says this place is not worth it, go back and give it another try. This location and staff is amazing!
4	Went to return an item at this shopping center and the store was not open yet. It occurred to me maybe Whole Foods may have breakfast food . To my surprise they had very decent breakfast options by the pound. A little 'too healthy' for keto (no bacon,  only turkey breakfast sausage links, etc) but it did the trick.  Mine was less than $5, which I thought was reasonable, hubby's though was a little over $10, which I think it was too much. I think it was the massive biscuit and gravy that was too heavy : P
5	Nathanial was so super sweet. He carded me and recognized that my birthday was coming up.  He made great small talk while checking me out and called me by name when I left. What a great experience.
4	I like this place. Lots of options and I haven't been disappointed yet. We maintain a Non-GMO, Organic and Gluten Free diet, so shopping anywhere else is usually a challenge. They aren't shy about the prices they charge, but given that they have what I need I guess it works. For the most part the staff is pretty friendly. Some of the newer people seem a little less welcoming. Only wish they had more options in prepared gluten free and organic meals.
3	Is Whole Foods Market only for yuppies? No! That's just what real food costs people! Pay now or pay your doctor later.... Your choice!I first discovered Whole Foods in the mid 90's when I went to the original one in Austin, TX!  That's right, it's NOT a So. Cal chain. Whole Foods started in Texas. I've been planning to start reviewing different Whole Foods for several months since I've read so much misinformation about them. First off they are a chain, but each store is in a regional division that decides policy and each store has autonomy as well. That's why individual store reviews are so valuable. In addition to the Austin store, I've been to WF in Santa Rosa, Petaluma, Marin county (2), Berkeley, and San Diego (2) California.  Also, I've been to the one in Highlands Ranch (Denver area) CO, Henderson NV and two in the Phoenix area. I've been to this one in Scottsdale and the one in Tempe so far in AZ.  Each store has a distinct personality within the overall paradigm of a healthy, clean store that pays reasonable wages, gives employees full benefits, and strives to hire from within.  I'm starting with this one because it has two distinctions. The Mayo Blvd Whole Foods is the single most expensive Whole Foods I've been to! I normally buy the same products so I know how much they cost. Wow! They outdid themselves on pricing! Perhaps the second distinction helps explain it. This Whole Foods has an amazing selection of food and drinks to eat in house or take home. The Highlands Ranch store has better food selections, but they can't sell beer over 3.2%, wine and spirits in grocery stores there --so no wine bar. The Whole Foods in Santa Rosa CA has a kick ass pub with the most amazing beer selection, but the food doesn't quite compare. I like this store, but I only go there for food and drink in the store. I like to buy groceries at the Tempe store.
3	I don't think I've ever been as confused in a Whole Foods as I was while shopping at the Mayo Blvd location.  They've got aisles going longitudinal, some going latitudinal, the bulk foods are in between, there's a burger bar in the middle of the store.  Huh? Where are the candy bars?!  What the heck is this crap in the hot deli bar?The cashier must have spent at least ten minutes on the 'com with someone working in produce in order to get the price of some tangerines.  Is the tangerine bin outside?  Nooo, it's inside where all the citrus fruits are.  What are they called again?Ay yay yay!  Through all of that though, the produce quality was up to Whole Foods par.  No disappointment there.
