4	For the first 4 months I lived here, I drove past this Sprouts, another 15 minutes to get to Whole Foods. For an out of towner who'd never heard of Sprouts (and if you notice the neighborhood this one is in you'd understand why I drove by it).Then one day, I stopped in and I was so happy. So here's what you should know:*They've got the best coffee selection in town.*Produce is healthy. It's not all organic, but it's crispy!*Cheese selection is pretty sad.*Wine and beer selection gets the job done.
4	I have to preface this review by disclosing that I rarely go to the grocery store so my opinion should be taken lightly.  Well, that's not true.  I do go to the grocery store on a regular basis to buy three items: wine, cheese, and magazines.  Sprouts is not good for those items. Don't go there for wine, cheese and magazines.  Sprouts is good for the quarterly health kick, though.  It has a fantastic vitamin section and knowledgeable staff to advise you.  And Kombucha.  I used to drive all the way to Whole Foods just for Kombucha.  I was very pleased to find it at Sprouts.  And the produce is cheap.  So, for vitamins, Kombucha, and actual food items, go to Sprouts.
4	After getting my car washed at Los Olivos the idea of heading back to Lincoln to do some grocery shopping at T.J.'s just didn't seem appealing. So on my way back to Scottsdale I decided to stop by this location of Sprouts Farmers Market. The prices in here are pretty good though they don't seem to have the items Im used to getting for less at T.J's. Though that's not where they shine over T.J.'s, its their produce section. I can actually get items by the pound! Some of the tomatoes didn't look as good as T.J.'s prepackaged version but with those prices, well, we can all use saving a buck or 2.While I wont leave my favorite local T.J.'s, in a pinch I will gladly shop here.
5	I freaking love Sprouts. The produce is here is so obnoxiously cheap and fresh. And with the boy being an herbivore and all, it helps keep the bills down. Seriously though, 3 bulbs of garlic for 98 cents, 3 red bell peppers for $1, 4 for $5 strawberries....fantastic. I love the selection of organic brands they have as well, many of which are usually on some good sales. I also love that you're able to scoop your own rices, beans, trail mixes, candy, etc. Along with the spices. They also have a huge stock of organic cosmetic/hygiene products. Like Trader Joe's though, you're not guaranteed to find everything you need/want here. We usually do two lists, the Sprouts list, and the Safeway list - for eggs, the occasional Ben & Jerry's, string cheese, deli meats, etc.
5	Back East, most grocery stores have a bulk section.  Not so in Phoenix.  That's why I love Sprouts so much.The bulk section has a HUGE selection of whatever you need to buy in bulk!  I always get a huge bag of banana chips, pumpkin seeds, oatmeal (I like the kind that's chewy and takes more than a minute to cook :P), rice and chocolate-covered pretzels.  Their ethnic selection is decent, too.Always clean, staff loves to chat while ringing stuff up.
5	OH my word.  The deals, the deals, THE DEALS!!!  I first found out about Sprouts from one of those mailers they send out every week.  I saw grapes advertised for something like 75 or 80 cents a pound and said to myself, "now that just can't be right."  Back in NC, where I'm originally from, you can be sure grapes will always be above $3 a pound!  I decided to visit this majestic place where the grapes flow forth aplenty.  And I've been back almost every week since that first visit (even though it's a slightly lengthy trip for me).  Nowhere else can I get such out-of-this-world deals on fruit and vegetables.  Just two days ago, I bought 3 packs of strawberries for only 88 cents each!  But, as this is an organic/specialty grocery store, if you buy anything else there (be it nuts, pasta, organic medicine, toiletries), be sure you get that stuff when it's on sale because it will certainly be pricey otherwise.
5	I get most of my food stuffs here.   Great meat, poultry and fish selection. Usually and very good prices.I always keep several of the chicken sausages in the freezer for a quick week night meal to throw on the grill.Bulk items really come in handy when you only need a certain amount of one thing.  Same thing goes for the bulk spices.They have Peet's coffee which is my favorite.   They used to have frozen pizza dough, but for some reason they stopped a few months ago.  Their doughs were much better that TJ's.I don't care for so much for those big box grocery stores when there is a place like Sprouts close by.
4	Last night I drove over to a Sprouts for the first time.  It is a 'farmers market'  style grocery store and had quite the experience.  This store is filled with isles of organic produce, a large selection of vegetarian and vegan products, a good meat counter and prices similar to Trader Joe's pricing.  I am especially fond of the wide layout of the produce isles allowing an easy flow through the department in comparison of the narrow isles at  Whole Foods and Trader Joe's.  I just thought I would share my experience with all of you because of all the grocery shopping we do it's nice to find a place that sells the similar products of Whole Foods at Trader Joe pricing.
5	Sprouts!  Happy!lots of organic and natural foodthey tell you where their produce comes frombulk products!I'm not sure why I don't shop here every week.
5	Sprouts are located throughout the valley.  I've shopped the two stores in Chandler and really like them both.Besides fruit and vegetables, Sprouts also had decent prices on meats that are not treated with antibiotics and hormones.
5	I think I have found the cheapest sandwich EVER!! Mile high turkey, with lettuce, tomato, onion, sprouts, and all the condiments on a whole-grain bun for $2.99!!!I dont even think that you can make a sandwich at home for this price!!YUM!!
4	Sprouts rules.  After getting divorced one thing I didn't get was the whole grocery shopping for one deal.  Sprout's was the great equalizer.  Because of their bulk section I can buy only as much as one person will need before it goes bad.  Same thing with the spice wall.  Now that my ex (aka. lover of blah food) is out of the picture, I can get experimental without donating all of my pantry space to spices that either too old to use or too expensive to throw away despite dismal culinary results.I also dig on the produce section.  If its not there, its because it isn't of good enough quality for them to put out.I would have given them a 5 except for two things.1.) The prepared meals they have in the deli section used to be larger portions and less starchy options.  The price has gone up along with smaller portions of things I don't like as well. For example Fettucine Alfredo.  Yuck.  Can we go back to 2/6 dollars turkey meatloaf and veggies?2.) Beer does not go significantly on sale enough.
4	i love sprouts and their bulk food bins. granola...yum.sprouts also has a really good deli and sandwich counter when you can check off items from a tear pad and they will make your sandwich to order. plus a little nook to eat in.the produce is always good, and the prices are better then larger chain stores. vitamin selection is huge, and i can always get a box of my favorite Emer'genC there.the meat selection is good, and they have bomb shish-ka-bobs too. the sausage is really good too, hot turkey for ma spaghetti sauce. yup yum.i honestly wish there was a sprouts closer to me. but i cant have everything. :(
4	Great place to go.  Decent selection even if you're not a hippie.  Always a swell selection of beer with good beers on sale from time to time.  Nice to have this place in the neighborhood.  If there was a Fresh and Easy closer, I would be able to split time here and there and not have to shop anywhere else.
4	I buy my food here because it's healthy and I don't want to die from the Swine flu. And in a more serious note. I love sprouts because they have a large selection and very competitive prices for healthy organic food. Great place to observe hippie chicks, and dudes that smell like patchouli:) No... the granola bins are great...love to get nuts by the pound...wait a minute that didn't come out quite the way I wanted it to...Anyways, Healthy food, descent location good crowd, hippie staff. it's all good in my shopping cart!Carrot mob strikes again!!!
5	I'm reviewing Sprout's vitamin and supplement center here. Sprout's Indian School location's general grocery is fair: customer service is sporadic, and often not helpful, especially in the produce where it's really needed.The vitamin and supplement section is far superior. I always find what I need, and, as a vitamin neophyte, the staff is always very outgoing, friendly and very knowledgeable. Joel is like a supercomputer full of information about products, makers and effects of each of the vitamins and supplements - information I could only get by researching it on my own, which is preventative and time-exhaustive. Patty is great and very knowledgeable as well. They educate me to make the best decisions about the best price and most quality products. I walk away feeling more empowered, and confident knowing I am consuming what I really need - whether that's protein powder, amino acids, vitamins, or flax oils. They do an amazing job. At times this summer, they've run a 25% of all vitamins and supplements special, and if you spend $100, they take off 10%. A very good deal.
5	I feel so organized today!  I decided to stop in Sprouts for a few things I needed knowing that I could get a sandwich at the deli for me and my daughter for dinner.  But they had everything I needed!  Rice milk single packs, Honest Kids juice packs, broccoli slaw (YUM), wine and a fantastic deli sandwich.  Ok, so I got other stuff too (chicken, bananas, yogurt, etc...boring but needed).  I was most surprised and pleased by the quality of the sandwiches - fresh green lettuce, not iceberg!, fresh tomatoes, real deli meat and whole grain bread.  I would stop in here just for the sandwiches or anytime I need some groceries and have to feed me and the kiddo dinner too.
4	Went there today for some weekly produce shopping, and I love Sprouts! Its not as pricey as whole foods, but has the same great selection of fresh fruits and vegetables.  Some advice I'd give for those new and maybe unfamiliar with Sprouts...it's VERY fresh. I mean so fresh it molds! I know in the world of preservatives who would have thought?! So if you're buying stuff like blackberries (currently on sale), blueberries, and strawberries (by the way 2 for 5!) just check before you leave the store with them.  Another great thing is that if you keep your receipt and go back the next day or so you can get a replacement for any produce that has gone bad and you didn't notice upon purchase.  It's totally not their policy, but I have had great service with this location.  It only looses a star for the selection of ready to eat foods...wish there were more meatless choices
3	Sprouts is a decent place to find the typical health-food store selection of "corporate" organic foods like Amy's, but it doesn't have the atmosphere or selection of a Whole Foods or the fun choices that you will find at Trader Joe's. They have great prices on fresh veggies, though, and they are walking distance from my house so I end up shopping there often.Their bulk selection is great, and you can often find good sale prices on all kinds of legumes, as anyone who has seen the fallout shelter level supply of beans in my pantry could confirm.Their wine selection is overpriced and uninteresting.Best advice I have is to buy fresh veggies and bulk items here, then go for the prepared foods and alcohol at Trader Joe's.
4	I love this store.  Best prices on produce!! Terrific sales!!! The only place in this part of town to buy bulk foods, fresh ground peanut butter (and almond butter & cashew butter), and organic coffee. Yes, Trader Joe's is great but it's 10 miles away.  Yes, AJ's has good coffee and produce but it's a lot more expensive. Some people love Fresh & Easy but I've read too many questionable things about them. Don't get me wrong, I love my neighborhood but the shopping sucks.   So I am thrilled to have Sprouts.  It doesn't hurt that they always have coffee tasting set up either!!!
4	I'm a sucker for a good market that carries fresh & inexpensive.. To a degree.. Produce.. Yum! Lots of organica.. If that's how u roll.. I don't personally, but I like healthy..& this is where I can get it.. Good meats.. Good wine department... Vitamins... Now I will say that a couple of the workers acted like they sniffed too much bulk spinache.. But they were friendly peeps.. That along with fresh.. Makes me a fan!
4	I have become a big fan of this place. Great prices (including the many 'Manager's Specials" going on daily) on healthy food. What else can you ask for? Big selection of products and their own Sprouts brand is more affordable than the Whole Foods brand. I recommend all Whole Foods fans to try this place out and start saving a few bucks. WF does have more ready-to-eat food, though, so this really isn't the place to stop off for lunch like you can do at WF. My only gripe: I don't say this to be mean or pick on low-wage labor, but too many of their checkout employees are not the brightest stars. I say this as someone who has worked in customer service for 12+ years and doesn't like to pick on my fellow kind. Most times I go in the checkout guy/gal seems very confused about what they are doing. Most of them seem to get easily distracted by shiny objects or their coworker friend walking by. I've had checkout people just dead stop what they are doing in the middle of helping a customer to play grab-ass with a co-worker. This has lead to long waits in the checkout line too many times. It's really quite bizarre at times and I'm surprised management doesn't do more to rectify this.
4	I would give them 5 stars if they were just a bit cheaper.... but still love the Sprouts!! Most of the stores are pretty conveniently located around town, many in the areas I shop, which it great! This one in particular is walking distance from my house. Love it! The other day I stopped by to grab a bottle of wine and something to make for dinner. The guy that checked me out made some great recommendations on some other bottles of Melbach wine, as that was what I was getting. I am excited to try them next time. They have some great fish and meat selections. They have a great black peppered steak kabob that you must try. They also have some great quick dinner items like veggies, mashed potatoes that are my fave, and meat loaf. Also, probably my fave part is the parking lot is big! Wide lanes and front of store parking. Very convenient, and people aren't racing around to get spots. Love it! As compared to Fry's where I nearly get rear-ended every other time I am there. Sheesh!
4	I'm one of those crazy people that need to visit multiple stores to complete my grocery shopping. This Sprouts has the best selection of produce for the best price. The organic section isn't bad either. I also like the quality of meat/poultry, so fresh and reasonably priced. When I walk in I try to remember to go straight for the produce otherwise I'll get sidetracked by the "all natural" lotions, oils and body washes. Then on to the vitamins and supplements, I can spend forever reading labels and trying to find something I can't live without. Inevitably my head starts to spin and I move on but it's always an elucidating part of my visit.  To top it off the staff is really friendly. It's always an enjoyable shopping experience at Sprouts... for my wallet too!
4	Dear Sprouts, I heart you. Let me count the ways.1) Hornsby Cider2) FRESH Gluten Free Pizza in the deli3) Bulk Bins full of chocolate (and some other stuff too)4) Nummy produce5) Nice people who shop and work there6) Free samples of coffee7) Free samples of lotion8) 25% off gluten free foods week9) You're on my way home from work10) Great wine selectionLove,MePS - Yes, they're a touch on the expensive side. But I'd rather pay a bit more for good quality food to eat at home than eat out one more night a week. And they have a great gluten free section to boot.
2	The produce is the only reason I come here. The fruits are bit a cheaper than other supermarkets. I also like their prepackaged bulk candies. Something about it that makes it look non-commercial.Everything else in the store seems so expensive. I don't think I can make this my main grocery store because I haven't hopped in the organic bandwagon yet. Seems like a cheaper version of Whole Foods but not as cool as a Trader Joes. This isn't my scene since I'm not as health conscience as I should be.
3	Like many others reviewing I find I don't come here for much of my produce. It's just ok. Having Phx Public Market around the corner kind of has me spoiled for produce or I go to Fry's or Safeway. But I do go to Sprouts for their selection of health food and supplements. Honestly if I had a Sunflower or a Whole Foods closer I would be there...or if the Trader Joes had more supplements I would probably be there. Until I find a nice locally owned health food store that had a nice variety of supplements and homeopathics I will probably continue to go here out of relative convenience.
5	I love, love, love this store. Other than an actual Farmer's Market I can't find a better deal on fresh produce. The also have an extensive health supplement section.Staff is _always_ cheerful and helpful, and having this kind of store open until 10 every night ROCKS!Their specials can be very good and change weekly. For instance, one month they were offering discounts on ALL gluten free foods (well tagged) which was very helpful to someone like me who experiments with my diet. Another week the had 25% off ALL supplements (I went nuts on Udo's and Raw Vitamin products).Note: They normally offer a monthly flyer and a weekly flyer. On Wednesdays, the previous week AND the current week specials are vaild.I'm not sure what other people are complaining about regarding prices. I meticulously keep a database of the products I buy, where I buy them and how much they cost. Other than a few bulk items I buy at Costco (and of course Farmer's markets) these are the lowest I've found.That being said, I can't always find what I want at Farmer's markets, and since I shop for only one, I don't require bulk foods so much.
4	Dear Sprouts: I love you. But if you want our love to grow instead of becoming one of those romances where we begin to take each other for granted and start looking elsewhere to get that feeling of butterflies and nervous excitement from other places, I beg of you, please start storing I.M. Healthy Honey Creamy SoyNut Peanut-free Butter. I feel like I'm cheating on you when I have to run to Whole Foods to get my 'fix' but until you can meet all of my tawdry foodie needs, I'm afraid that I will have to keep seeing the both of you and continue with this polyamorous lifestyle. Yours truly (75% of the time) ~Tyger PS. I love your selection of non-dairy milk products. *mwah*
4	If only there were a true daily farmers' market closer.  But since there isn't Sprouts is my daily "go to" grocery store.  I glanced at Tyger's review and ditto it - there are reasons I have 2 regular alternatives - which get a proportionate share of my spending - Trader Joe's [psylium-something I used to supplement my horses with!] and Sunflower [Meyer's lavender dish soap and actually tasty rotisserie chicken].Otherwise, I get most staples and much produce here - they stock the best quality and variety this side of Urban Grocery and Wine Bar.
4	I get all of my produce and lots of meat at Sprouts.  One really fun find there is the gyro meat and tzatziki sauce.  Good stuff and alot cheaper than getting gyros at the local restaurant for our family.  Store is alway clean and staff is very friendly.  Only bad experience there is when I ordered a veggie sandwich and basically ended up with a mustard and sprouts sandwich.  It was horrible!
5	$2.99 deli sandwiches. 'nuff said.
5	The first time I visited Sprouts nearly three years ago, I felt like home. We live right inbetween Fry's, Safeway, Trader Joe's and Sprouts, but if I can possibly find something at Sprouts, it's my first pick. Over time, we've developed a nice relationship with most of the tellers. The prices on produce and meat are pretty terrific, and the beer selection improved considerably about two years ago. It's not a great place for wine, and I have to visit more popular supermarkets like Fry's for liquor and, say, tin foil. I guess you can't have everything, but what Sprouts does, they do well.And yeah, like ashley d. said below, $2.99 deli sandwiches. I don't think that pricing exists anywhere anymore. GOOOOO SPROUTS!(Also, say hello to Stephanie...she's my daughter's favorite cashier.)
4	Having moved here from the East Coast, where Sprout's do no exist, finding this store was a big plus!  I love farmers' markets, but have noticed that there are fewer here than back East.  That being said, when I want to find some great produce and a good butcher shop selection of meat, I head to Sprout's.  The folks that run the place are very nice and always willing to help you find something, if needed.  The meat counter offers great sales on meats that are fresh and made in house.  We have had their Pollo Asado numerous times and it's a great, quick meal for the grill.  It's flavorful and not too expensive to have for a dinner party. Their fresh produce selection is great and often significantly cheaper than the grocery store choices - Plus they produce here doesn't seem as "shipping across 8 states" as the produce at the regular grocery store.  They frequently have great sale prices and if you eat a lot of produce, you would be hard pressed to find a better deal. Check it out - You'll be impressed!
5	My favorite grocery store in Phoenix at the moment. Please, please open a store downtown!
5	Prices are good nobody is down your throat when you enter and its the best place for produce in town literally would suggest this place over trader joe's for sure
4	great place always find new things to try
3	I approve, but I'll never be loyal. I have been a Sunflower patron since I moved to AZ and was a little sore that I had to switch to Sprouts when we moved to Arcadia. I know they are essentially the same store, but I was so comfy in my Sunflower box, I didn't want to adjust. Oh well, now I have Sprouts and I can't complain.Prices are good, especially when you start to notice how Whole Foods has been burned a hole right through your wallet and then some. Produce is affordabe but seems to mostly come from Mexico which is no bueno for the locavore. Packaged foods selection is also decent, though the frozen section is kind of lacking. Well, seriously lacking. But I'm not one to commit to just one grocery store anyway. Not  fan of the breads made here, which is probably for the best considering my astronomical carb intake could stand to be slightly curbed anyway. Great bulk section - love stocking up on grains, flours and nuts. Overall, I come here because it's close, it doesn't suck, and it's the best natural grocer alternative to my he old favorite. It doesn't make me feel warm and fuzzy like Sunflower, but it's better than Safeway!
3	i find this store is hit or miss.  if they have specials on stuff i like, it's amaaaaazing - but otherwise i always leave feeling like i've been robbed.they have a decent organics section, but not enough turnover to ensure fresh, quality produce is always available.  the non-organic section has good selection and prices on most items.the deli section is exceptional for sandwich meats and cheeses and the fresh fish & meats are great if you can catch them on sale!i also like the non-grocery side of the store - pricey but good quality items!!
3	Ok pricesMoldy berriesBUT... big, clean, open store PLUS hard to find items EQUALS some reasons to shop here
5	Love this place. It is really large for sprouts,bigger than some of the others i have been to.  Lots of parking in the open Parking lot.                                                                 A really good location RIght on Indian School Road and 28th St.  Vitamens, herbals, lots of natural products. Great meat and fish dept. Lots of fresh fruit  and veg. Very simalar to Sunflower or Whole foods, and the price is right in the middle. Another good thing. .5cents off your bill for each bag you bring in. Yeah!
4	We got Christmas dinner here for an excellent price; the mashed potatoes were delicious, the cranberry whatever was very good, turkey eminently serviceable and allowed me to make my own gravy.  Why are commercially prepared gravies always so horrid?Otherwise, I've taken to getting their whole beans as an 'offprice' alternative to the micro roasters around town.
5	Produce cheap, layout awesome.
5	Loved it! I just wish this exact place was in Chicago!
5	Their produce and meat is the only reason I shop there and the only thing I am rating with my review.  Their produce is awesome and cheap and the meat is all hormone free and still typically less expensive than Safeway and Frys and tastes better.
3	This place is good, not great. I mainly shop here because I want to support an Arizona Business. They are like the JCPenney to Whole Foods' Macy's. I like the concept but there is something lacking.Their meat is good, not great. Their produce was also OK, but nothing stellar.  I do like their selection of fresh herbs and they have some good cheeses in their deli section. I also like their cereals....I am hooked on the puffed millet....good stuff.All in all they have some stuff I like but I can't get everything I want here. Like the Horcruxes in Harry Potter, I come here to get some stuff, Trader Joe's for other stuff, and Fry's or Target for the rest. So much for shopping local...I KNOW I'm a hypocrite...but I try, I really do!
5	Sprouts is a great place to shop. Such a good selection of all healthy foods. I love the Rice Bread here. That i would say is my favorite. Oh of course the Buffalo Meat as well. The vitamins and herbs are really great. They may have the best selection I have ever seen.   The food prices are a bit high i have to say . Though you can go here and get everything that you need at once rather than shop around all the time.They do give you .5 cents off for each bag you use that is your own. Which is something and 1 or2 times a year they will give you i think 40% the supplements. Big Parking lot with lots of room. Nice and clean as well inside the store.
4	So, another East coast transplant writing here.Anyway, my big gripe when I initially got to Phoenix was the lack of organic produce. I was pretty surprised to see the lack of both at Whole Foods and Trader Joe's and the astronomical prices at WF as compared with the one in my hometown. I still haven't seen one organic orange in this town, but Sprouts pretty much satisfies my greens (kale, broccoli, lettuce) needs and has a little organic fruit/veggie section that puts the two "big boys" to shame.Add to that it's about a block away, and I'm all-in. I still go to TJ's for some things, but Sprouts is acceptable in a pinch even for those and WAY better in price when it comes to staples (i.e. ANY meat), plus the commute is much less time-consuming.
4	Every once in a while,  I stop here to have my lunch. The deli makes the best sandwiches in the world.
4	PROS:Bulk Bin Items (Nuts, Flour, Trail Mix, Granola, Chocolate, Pretzels, you name it!)Natural Food SelectionLots of VitaminsWednesday Double-Ad daysGreat-tasting produceBetter than any other grocery store in downtown/central phoenixCONSSome items are priceyMay not have some of the items/brands that you are looking for
4	While slightly overpriced on many items such as yogurt, milk  and produce, the deli sandwich prices can't be beat. The store is always clean and the food always appears fresh.
4	Sprouts in one sentence: "Sprouts is a necessary spot for niche items that even Trader Joes does not handle or carry." Pow! Pow! Lets delve into this spot specifically, off of Indian School.~What to do?~Couches....lots of couches.. Kidding. It is a classier chain grocery store, specializing primarily in foods and health items. ~The Good~I compare them directly to Trader Joe's, being they are a specialty grocery chain. If you are new to the valley, this is the best way to gauge the options you will find when stopping in for the first time. It is and will always be my my # 1 store to hit for necessary recipe items. The store carries a wide range of spices that are pourable from a spout. Generally they are priced by the ounce, or whichever measuring medium used on the spice's label. It's amazingly easy when making a recipe, just go to Sprouts! On top of that, they also carry a large inventory of barreled scoop-and-pay items. Everything from Split Peas to gummy bears, then more. It's a specialty grocery store that allows you to shop for specific niche items that you can't find elsewhere. Its an experience, when compared to general grocery chains . Outside of a true meat market, they carry some of the freshest meats/seafood in town that a grocery chain could provide. This is one thing that TJ's has not... a meat counter with high quality options! Finally, besides the healthy living section filled with vitamins and minerals, they also have a general produce section along with frozen foods, much alike TJ's.~The Bad~They are always a bit pricier than other spots in town, very comparable to TJ's. This is where once again that comparison will help you. It is pricier to shop here for your primary grocery list. Its best to gauge the weekly specials and to see what items are on sale, which is straining but will save you a lot in the end. They do not have many household products like at a grocery chain, but that's not the primary reason to come here anyway.~Extras/Rating~On Wednesdays, they come out with the next week's special sales. This also coincides with the closure of the previous weeks' specials. Thus, you have twice the specials on Wednesdays!! This is the best day to shop here, so much is on sale! Take a look at the frozen section, they have some interesting items I never even noticed... Sashimi Grade Tuna, hooray! That's just a small example of what else they have. They get 4 stars for having such an excellent healthy selection of foods. The prices drag them down one star, but you can't haggle with prices too much when you see the selection and quality you get here. This location has wonderful, fast service, and will always do you well. Enjoy food shoppers!
5	I love the double flyer day on Wednesdays!  The old sales and new sales are both valid.  Great gluten and dairy free options, although they stopped carrying my favorite dairy free blintzes.The employees are generally friendly and available.  Easy parking, bulk products have great sales, and they rarely run out of sale items.
4	The produce selection and sandwich specials can't be beat, but sometimes the deli counter is a bit slow during the lunch rush.
5	I love Sprouts. Hands down the best place to buy fresh produce at great prices. It's also the only place I can find the jalepeno and chili lim flavored pop chips.
4	Sprouts is a great place to buy organic, vegan, and gluten free foods. They do though also have foods and products for those who do eat meat. The items all look fresh and are fairly priced. Some more expensive than others, and probably could be found cheaper elsewhere. I do though find it worth paying the extra price. Some tips for saving are to buy loose items if possible as they are cheaper than pre-packaged. I buy my almond milk, and my hazelnut cashew almond milk here in the shelf stable packaging. It's comparable pricing to other stores. Things I find over priced would be the oils, they don't offer vegetable oil but canola oil instead, a tad overpriced though. I also feel the pancake mixes are a little overpriced as well, but as a one stop shop, I will happily pay it, but not just go to replenish my at home stock. A great place with great and helpful people overall, I will be back :)
3	Some organics, but not a lot! Decent place, clean. Great prices on the produce.
4	I like Sprouts because it has a similar selection of foods you'd find at places like Whole Foods and Trader Joes but it's a little more affordable. There isn't as much variety, to be sure, but it has many of the basics. Definitely worth at least one try!
4	One stop shop. Not only is Sprouts the only grocery store I can go to to find everything I need, the prices are great too. No joke. Despite the customer incentives and members cards available at other stores, I still end up saving more at Sprouts. They have a great deli selection too. Try the seafood salad. Delicious!
4	Clean store, great location, friendly staff, fast check-out and plenty of parking spaces.  Will definitely go back again just for those 4 things!
1	Went into Sprouts today to get a bite at the Deli. I was standing there while the employees were talking about who was going to help me. Not one of them said anything to me. I walk up to the register and asked for the manager, a young lady employee went back to the people at the deli and they showed her no respect also! We found the manager CRAIG and when I was explaining to him what happen he was making "That Face" you know the one that says I could careless even if you are spending YOUR money here! Needless to say I won't be back! I don't understand what happen to customer service these days, and why people STAND for it! The only thing CRAIG said was have a nice day, not I am sorry, can I get that order started for you Sir!
2	I've been shopping at this store for 2-1/2 years and have officially become saddened.  It took me awhile to get used to it, as I was used to Whole Foods.  But honestly, despite the lack of selection, they won me over because the PEOPLE are SO NICE.  Even the grumpy kids crack me up and make it fun to be there.  I really appreciate it.  Ever since the renovation, however, I have grown so grossly disappointed that the people no longer win me over.  The selection is horrible.  They can't seem to keep things in stock because they only have a few of any given item. The produce selection is poor and the produce quality is poor as well.  Berries are ALWAYS moldy.  I have had 2 Chobani yogurts explode when I get them home and one was actually open (probably already exploded).  So I started checking them better when taking them from the case and they are often open or about to explode in the store.  I have also purchased moldy Finlandia sliced cheese a couple of times.  Now I have to to check really closely when I buy that too.  And while being a careful consumer is important, I find it to be a poor experience when I have to check for mold on something that hasn't expired and it's in an air-tight package.   I didn't complain in any of these instances because in the beginning, I thought it was just a simple, temporary issue - easily forgiven.  But to have the same things happen over and over again with the same items, that means to me that they are just not taking care of their food and not paying attention.So I'm officially glad that Whole Foods is opening just around the corner, as I'd rather spend more money on food with more of a guarantee that it's well taken care of.  Sorry, Sprouts!
5	I love this grocery store!  They have an excellent selection of produce and wonderful sales every week. I always try to shop on Wednesdays, because you have deals from both weeks available that day (that's the day the weekly deals change). They also have a great selection of gluten-free options, which is appreciated.
4	This is a nice place. I'm really impressed with what a smaller market-based store can offer to people. I'm also amazed at the low price of chicken here in Arizona. What I bought here would cost almost twice as much back in Georgia.The pros:1.  Ample parking for this store as it's pretty busy during most of the day.2.  Prices are extremely competitive with the big chains but the one deciding factor for me is customer service. I could ask a question and get a clear answer and their employees are friendly. 3.  Plenty of options at good prices. Chicken is very inexpensive and high quality. They also make their own in house sausages which are very yummy. Cheese is a bit on the expensive side. Lots of fruit options as well. They have a fantastic selection of coffees roasted by independent companies that won't break the bank.The cons:1.  I haven't seen many yet, but I would say just pick your fruit carefully. I did notice that some of their items were either bruised or just a little too ripe.
3	Sprouts is great I love their overall appeal and products but I was disappointed at this location to learn (after I purchased a whole meal to eat while I worked) that they do not provide WiFi for their customers. I approached the manager and told him I had some work to do and did they have public WiFi for their customers and the answer was a flat "no". Not, 'sure, I'll give you the ssid' or something like that . Word to the wise...if a customer asks you for something that little, make sure they get it.
5	I love shopping here over whole foods and trader joes. Selection is great and the staff for the most part is knowledgeable and nice!
4	I really enjoy shopping here. I have been a solid Trader Joe's person and totally ignored Sprouts. So glad to have finally corrected that!They have the best produce section in the area and it's so reasonably priced. And this may sound weird, but I enjoy all the nut butter selection. If they don't have it, probably no one will.Plus, you can't beat the bulk grains and nuts section.Nice people work there, too. The checkout lines can be a little bit better managed, but I guess good things are worth waiting for.
4	My favorite local shopping spot. Great place to buy excellent seasonal produce. Local products, great selection & lots of healthy options. Great place!
5	best grocery story in Arizona. All the food is high quality and very affordable. I think of it an AJ's Fine Foods at half the price. And the BLT with avocado and cheese for $3.50 is the best sandwich in Phoenix. I'd take over a steak or lobster no question.
5	This is really cool. They cater to vegetarians. Fresh spinach cabbage. Lots of hard to find stuff.  Lots of space. Friendly staff.
5	I like this place. Fresh healthy finds. Friendly employees. Clean. Great eye candy customers. People take care of themselves who shop here.
5	Reasonable priced veggies, fruit, and bulk nuts. I am at Sprouts at least twice per week. I love to purchase (from the meat dept.) the chicken stuffed with spinach and feta or the hamburger patty with onions and peppers. Pop them in the oven and wha-lah dinner is served!Well stocked. Fast check out. Friendly cashiers. What more can you ask for?
5	I love this location! They have a great selection of produce, always fresh, and the prices are reasonable! I like to go on Wednesdays for double Ad day and they always have staff stalking and everyone that works here is so friendly! It is a little further than my home but worth the trip!
4	Sprouts is great for weekly shopping. That always have some interesting things, and plenty of delicious vegetarian frozen items for lunches. Sometimes the check out line a can be long but the cashiers are always very nice.I also shop for shampoo, sunscreen, and other personal type items here. Great place to shop bulk bins and organic without the mega-store price and feel.
3	We love Sprouts, we really do. But today we had a pretty poor experience. We were doing our usually weekly shopping and notice that asparagus was on sale for $1.98 a pound (normally $4 a pound). We were planning on grilling later in the week so we thought it would be a good addition. Up at the cash register it rang up at $4 a pound.  We asked the clerk, who did a price check. The produce department said they forgot to take the sign down (admitting that yes, they were advertising that asparagus was $1.98), so the price was actually $4 a pound and they were not going to honor the price they were advertising in the store. We were only buying one pound, so the cost was only $2, but we had only decided to buy it because it was on sale. Good management would honor the price. It's really the principle here, the money isn't a big deal, but the fact they aren't willing to honor the the price they are advertising is pretty disappointing. I wavered between two and three stars for this review, but the fact that we love so much else about Sprouts earned the extra star. Better management, and they would get five stars every time.
5	Sprouts does not need a Yelp review. We all know why we love Sprouts. It is filled to the brim with fresh healthy tidings, wall to wall, our eyes feast on things we instantly want. A person needs a strategy to get thru this store without over filling their cart. (Come on, tell me this hasn't happened to you?)So, in the obscure tidbits, here's what I've got:Bacon. Ooo, you're paying attention now. Because who doesn't love bacon, right? A fella pointed out to me that Sprouts sells the ends of bacon at a steep discount. And if you're not so interested in eating / serving perfectly straight rulers of bacon this can work for you too! It tastes exactly the same. So BACON.I do have one gripe. It's not a legit complaint. I'm just a newbie in this corner of the store and found it hilarious how much time I spent there. And that's with the egg section. There are literally twelve types of healthy eggs varieties for sale. I had simple goals walked over there: chickens must not be in a cage + not fed hormones and other weird stuff.Um, not so easy. I spent like fifteen minutes over there. After putting my hand basket down I picked something and grabbed an egg brochure for later reading. Thank you Sprouts for offering this :) I look forward to reading this.UPDATE:So I sat down with one express goal. To thank Sprouts for the wonderful employees they employee. I always leave happier. If I need something, I ask. They must feed them rainbows to produce such joyous employees. On my most recent adventure Rebecca checked me out. (9/16 10:31 am, POS: 004 Store 8, Transaction 6462). Honestly, if I could scoop her up into my purse I would steal her. Everyone should have this much joy in their lives.So thank you Sprouts for making shopping such a wonderful experience.
1	The cashier named Morgan is unbelievably rude. First there was an older lady in front of us who didn't speak English...instead of finding someone to help communicate with the woman, Morgan goes, "Oh you don't speak English? That'll be $26.25.". Poor lady just stood there confused as hell, then Morgan just jabs her fingers at the price on the screen and thrusts the bags at the woman. Ugh.Then my stepdad & I come up in line. Lovely Morgan asks if we want a bag for a 4 pack ginger beer. My stepdad didn't hear her, so she repeated it back to him like he was a damn 2 year old. "Do. You. Want. A. Bag. For. This." No smile, actually had the nastiest expression on her face to match her nasty tone of voice. Then to top it all off, she angrily slams all of our stuff into bags and turns away. I understand people have off days but this was just ridiculous. Sprouts is the closest grocery store to my house, but you bet I'll be driving the extra 10 minutes to whole foods/trader joes from now on.
5	Perfect spot to shop when you want some fresh and healthy options! Selection of GMO free foods are amazing and the staff is superb! Love this store!!
1	Dirty dirty dirty and their merchandising is with out a doubt the worst.
