3	I saw this place the other day when I was at GNC next door.  Sign said it was going to open on the 21st so I went in for lunch today.I had a build your own 1/3lb burger.  Butter bun, cheddar, mayo, lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle.  It was an ok burger.  The veggies were fresh and crisp.  The meat was sort of thin and cooked well and was larger in diameter than the bun.  I also had a strawberry shake which was pretty good.  Over all the food was good enough I would stop in again if I was in the area over the other options for a burger at that intersection.  But not good enough to go across town for.They did a complete gut and remodel of the space which previously housed a deli.  They also added a railed off patio area.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  They are fast casual and the food came out fairly quick.  The sandwiches are served open with the hot stuff one 1/2 the bun and the cold stuff on the other half so everything is still fresh when you get it.  They came to check on me part way through the meal and cleared my plate almost as soon as I finished my burger.  They seemed pretty well versed in what to do for a place that has only been open 3 days.  They were not very busy but no place I ate lunch this week was.
5	Smashburger is one of my favorite burgers because I find it to be tastier than most burgers out there. I like this new restaurant a lot for the same reasons I like the other Smashburger establishments - tasty burgers, friendly and efficient staff, bright and clean interiors and exterior, a comfy patio area for al fresco dining. Great location too, in a shopping area that is not too busy so that parking is not a problem. I guess my only "complaint" is that it is only 2 blocks from my gym, making it hard to resist when I pass by hungry after a workout ;)
5	finally a burger place instead of a deli, i give it 5 stars, just open 3 days, and the burger was great. and thru word of mouth, this business will be a big hit in the neighborhood.
2	I was thinking the poor experience was due to first night or weekend jitters, while they were working the kinks out.  Unfortunately, when I checked the previous reviews I see that they have been open a couple weeks now.  Was there a problem with the food?  Oh, not particularly, but we didn't get our food for 20+ minutes and it was clear that the fries had been sitting out for a little while .  I guess it was cool that they gave us a heads up when we were ordering that it was taking awhile, but this was ridiculous, considering it was not that crowded (I've seen longer lines at the Camelback location with 1/2 the wait time for the food).  Additionally, we saw at least one party who went to complain about the wait time be told that their order had been mistakenly given to someone else!  So while the food was fine...at this point in time, service is pretty bad.  Hopefully time will help solve the problem, but I doubt I'll ever see the inside of this Smashburger again.
4	I love this Smashburger in the northwest valley, I love the concept, I love the modern & clean look, I love the sweet potato fries, and most of all I love the burgers.  Very consistent, taste, flavorful burger.  I have had the Arizona burger which isn't too bad here the other day, but my favorite is just the regular cheese burger.  I have never had a bad burger here but I have only been to this location once since is barely opened last month.  I have been to the 20th Street & Camelback location several times.  I also like the fact that they are open at 10am, which is about the time I am hungry since my day starts way before most peeps.  The service was good for me (sorry Bryan B, but I hope you give them another shot)  I never wait more than a few minutes for my meal but I usually stop in when it is not peak lunch hours either.
3	Sorry kids , I  have to give this one a just okay .  nothinbg terrible about the taste but nothing mind blowing as well.  And a word to the wise the smashburger Fries are dripped with a rosemary grease. Now rosemary grease I am sure has a place somewhere in fooddom...but I am thinking it's not on the plain fries. YThe burger was okay , tasted like the kind dear mother used to make , fried on a skillet. Hmmm  for 9 bucks ..not my thing. Oh and heads up ..one size on the togo cups....and it's not big.
4	I'm a new fan of Smashburger!  I tried the Arizona Smashburger with Smashfries. The double burger was awesome and it came with guacamole, jalepenos, chipotle mayo, habanero cheese and what ever veggies you want all on a chiptole bun. It was YUM! Their Smashfries are fries tossed with olive oil and rosemary. Some people don't like them but I thought this combo of seasoning was very good and different from the "norm".  This place is very clean and the peeps that work their are very friendly.  Look forward to going back and trying something different.
4	Inside Decor:  4 Stars - nice clean tables.  Service: 5 Stars - very nice staff, and the food was delivered to our table pretty quick and everything was correct.Food: 3 Stars - the Kids Cheeseburger got rave reviews, my daughter said it was better than mcnuggets, and better than The Original Hamburger Works (down in Phoenix, next to Encanto Park) so I give hers a "5-stars" score.   I ordered the Arizona Smashburger (1/2 lb) and was generally satisfied (4-stars).  This was my first time there, so I was not familiar with all the hub-bub of the "Smash" - but the 1/2lb burger was a good 1/2" wider than the bun itself.  Not a pretty site.  The Guac was so-so, chunky but lacked a savoryness.  The Habanero Cheese, Chiptole Mayo and fresh (not pickled) jalapenos were all very nice.  I would have preferred a thicker hunk of beef, and the same fixings.  The red onion was pithy and only one thin slice, while they did give me two thin slices of tomato where were enough to give about 50% coverage of the "smashed-out" beef patty.  The pepper bun was nice, I'd like to get them for my regular grilled burgers actually.  Good bread, held up very good with the rest of the burger.  The Kids Fries - eh...  thin and I didn't take a bite but for the record they looked to have the same dimensions as the Fast-food golden arches fries.  The Onion Rings (ahem... Haystack) were a HUGE disappointment.  I like a thick cut onion, nicely battered and fried.  These were pithy thin, tiny slivers of onions dripping with batter and goo... not what I would recommend anytime. (Burger, 4-stars, Onion Haystack 1 Star, net it out, 3 Stars for my meal.)  I guess I don't get the whole "Smash" thing.  Call me a noob, but don't call me to go back there again.If you are a picky burger guy like me...  and like to "dress your burger" all fancy, or if you are a picky minimalist... I have to recommend Fudds or The Original Hamburger Works.  If you want a $7 burger that is pretty good but don't want to be bothered with putting the toppings on yourself (or if you are a germophobe and shudder at the openness of the toppings in the customer area) then this is the place for you.  Good Service, Clean surroundings.  Final Verdict: 3.5 Stars (but 4 on the yelp page because at heart, I am a HUGE softie, and my daughter did like her burger a lot!!)
3	The Smashburger sells beer and wine with their obvious fare of burgers, fries, and chicken sandwich's was the selling point of Smashburger for my comrade and I. After perusing the menu on line we decided to check the restaurant out for ourselves one afternoon. The place was pretty deserted at about 2:00pm when we arrived for lunch. I decided on the Arizona Burger and my comrade chose the BBQ Burger. We also got an order of regular fries and and order of sweet potato fries. It took about 15 minutes for our food to make its way to our table, and the presentation was pretty decent overall. The regular fries and the Arizona Burger were nothing special, but I would highly recommend the sweet potato fries and the BBQ Burger! The whole experience was pretty decent. I wasn't wowed by the service or the food, but I was not disappointed either. Smashburger is a good choice for cheap gourmet-esque burgers and fries.
3	Was to tired too cook so went here the other night.  The staff is great; friendly and attentive.  The burger? Not so great.  Not medium rare as requested and kinda tasteless.  Will probably give it one more try just in case.
4	My friend and I were at the tanning salon when one of the workers brought some Smashburger in. The smell alone made us crave this delicious new place. We started an epic hunt to find it, and when we did, it was well worth it. The food is heavenly and divine, the restaurant is clean and shiny, easy to find, and staff is friendly. My only complaint is that you have to pay for french fries separately!! D:
4	Amazing burgers!, wasn't too impressed with the sweet potato fries, but the burger itself was great.   Would classify this place better than Culvers, but not quite as good as Five Guys, since the prices are roughly the same
4	I walked in and it was the first time I had ever been to a Smashburger.  The place was not too brightly lit (5 guys get a clue), had nice seats, it was clean and had a very good first impression.   I had followed a young couple in and it was obvuious they were on a date so it was good enough for them to pick as a destination. Menu greeted me at he doorway so you could a have a look at it, proceeded forward to order and the wait staff was polite and nice.  Definitely upscale from the competitors.Food arrived quickly.  I had read Yelp reviews, so was prepared and had the 1/3rd Smashburger, sweet potato smashfries and soda totalling just under $10.Music was a little too loud in the dining room, the burger was tasty, but as soon as I raised it there was a puddle or juices that dropped out.  It was fresh and I liked the generous veggies on it.  The sweet potatoe fries were mystifying; didn't know whether to put ketchup on them or not.  They also had an Italian herbal flavor (oregano, basil ?) and while tasty are not something I'd normally order.Summary:  Very nice place, good food, good ambience and just a tad out of the ordinary to be striking.
3	I'm all about empowering the people so thank you, smashburger, for giving me the option of creating my own burger.  It's always an egg bun for me, with cheddar cheese and all the fixins.  Skip the smash fries.  They don't deliver the herbally-garlic goodness the description promises.  But back to the burger..the patty is always cooked to buttery perfection that makes my mouth water thinking about it.  What's a burger without a milkshake?  The milkshakes are creamy but not so creamy where you can't suck it up with a straw and not to mention, plentiful!  They bring out the metal container they mix it in with whatever portion didn't fit in the cup.  The only gripe I have is their over attentiveness.  I had a different person walking by our table every 2-3 minutes asking how everything was.  While I appreciate the gesture, it made it really difficult to enjoy my delicious burger and milkshake. A little pricier for a burger but well worth it!
4	This place is so damn tasty.  I love a good burger and I recommend this place highly.  I don't know why I didn't give it 5 stars.. 4.5?  Ok, there we go.I ordered a mushroom Swiss burger and the thing literally melted in my mouth. You have to be careful cause you could literally inhale these things in a matter of seconds.  They are that good!A big plus that his place has is that they sell fried pickles.  I don't know of another small place like this that does.  Veddddy goood.  Thankfully this place is two blocks from my house, so easy access.. lol.
2	Ok so I know everyone loves this place but I don't get the big deal!?! Yes the burgers are good and they have fried pickles but its not better than In N Out! Plus its freaking expensive!!! I recommend going just to say you've tried it and then go somewhere else like In N Out or Freddy's Custard and Steakburgers!
3	There's some things I really like about this burger joint but I think it misses the mark on a couple items.The burgers are tasty and they have a great selection of options to build your own burger or you can order one of the specialty burgers. They even offer wheat buns which really appealed to me, but the bun doesn't stand up very well to the juicy burger and it's always falling apart by the end. One cool gimmick they have is a specialty burger that highlights the local area. In this case they have an Arizona burger which features jalapenos and guacamole. The first time I got the burger there were only 4 jalapeno slices on it, so the next time I made sure to order extra jalapenos and this time I got 6 slices! So yeah, they apparently are a little stingy on the toppings.My biggest disappointment with this place is their fries. The rosemary spices are a nice twist which I enjoyed but the fries themselves were very average. I asked just to make sure and they confirmed my suspicions that the fries are frozen. Come on, if Five Guys and In-N-Out can cut their own fries, a higher end burger joint like this should be able to also. You could opt for their onion strings instead which the counter girl did tell me where made fresh at the restaurant. They were pretty good but probably not the healthiest choice in the world.Overall, I like the place but don't make it a point to go there. I'm really disappointed that the fries weren't better (i.e. not frozen) because I can really tell the difference.
4	Another place very near to Thunderbird business school....very very tasty food...I ordered for the original burger and chocolate shake ..Awesome food...Lively atmosphere...great place to hang out..Food: 4.95 out of 5
4	This visit was great service. My first visit to any smashburger. Everyone was friendly. The burger was really good. Someone from staff asked how i was doing 3 times during my 25 min visit. Not only did they ask if i needed anything, it seemed sincere. Not the cheapest burger, but,  did i mention the burger was great.I will be back!!!!
2	Nothing special here. Our bill was $26.00 for one 1/2 # burger and a chicken sandwich with 2 small fries and one soft drink... Order bacon you get a 1/2 a strip broke in half again. Ordered extra chese never got it, had to take both sandwiches back up because they did not put it on. Never again.  If you want an awesome burger stay at home or try Fat Burger....
1	What a waste of my money!  I can pan fry a burger at home and it will still taste much better that this place.  To think I spent almost $30 here, makes me angry...I want my money back.My daughter got the Oreo shake which was really good.  But the burger was extremely disappointing.  Don't even get me started at how gross the veggie fries were....YUCK!
3	Pretty pricey, and not the best, but still a very good burger. If you top the burgers with too much, they are a beast to eat. The sweet potato fries are tasty! One thing that bothered me is that they had a label on the condiment counter for the Cholula, but it was spelled CHOLUA. I.Hate.Typos.
4	Once I decided to switch this from a possible weekend burger choice to a work lunch choice, this fit it perfectly for me.  I like how they let me choose the bun that I want for my classic smash and if I ask for a side of mayo or anything it's brought out without hesitation.  The wait is quick, the place is clean, the menu is not that complicated.  Most importantly the burger has really great flavor for the money spent.  Perfect for lunch when the last thing I want to do is think, at least too much.  Smashburger you are a smash.  Now how trite is that. lol.
4	Burger was great!  the Chocolate malt is fantastic, the fries were not for me.  Next time I will get the regular fries instead of the smash fries.
2	Good but have had better.....one thing my wife and I did not like is no garnish on burger.   Gotta ask for lettuce tomato pickles onion....really?  My first time there probably last due to 25.00 tab and no offer of toppings.
5	My new favorite burger joint!! I got my (made to order) burger fast and it was better than I had imagined. Hot , greasy and tasted like a million bucks!! the service was great too!! when I said "fry's" they didn't mistake that for "sprite". lol   I am most def. a fan!
4	This week was our first visit in. It was actually really good. Real meat patties unlike Freddys thin patties. We heard of it by word of mouth from a few co-workers. Our boss decided to go in and try it with his wife. Came in the next day so happy to have a burger that was actually hot that he bit his lip in shock :) He liked it so much he bought us lunch. We ALL loved it! And in a place with VERY picky men that can be hard someone is always not happy... not this time. We liked it so much we have had it twice this week (4 times for my boss). I know this will become a regular visit for us. We dont do drink and for 6 of us to eat it was only about $50 with tax.... so i dont think its very pricey.O and the sweet potato fries... not my thing and i love them normally. :(
3	Good burger but kind of expensive as burgers go. The french fries were just so-so, a little greasy. Other than that, ok. Wish they had a drive thru.
3	Good food but I wouldn't say great.  Everything was good really nothing bad to say besides it is pricey for what you get.  I would much rather go to Red Robin and spend the same amount of money.  Lastly the chocolate malt is great
1	The burgers were greasy and not flavorful, the shakes were good, and the fries were avg at best. 45 dollars for 4 people was crazy. I could make better burgers at home. I will not be a repeat customer.
2	Smashburgers sounds special doesn't it - NOT!  My burger-loving buddy was looking forward to a special upscale burger.  The only thing upscale was the price - $6.99.  My buddy ordered a Chicago burger with lettuce, tomatoes and fried onion strips.  It was a 1/2 lb burger, the only other offering being a 1 lb burger.  BTW who wants or needs that much meat?  The bun was not big enough for the huge burger and was greasy on the top.  Afterwards he said he would have been happy with a Whopper at Burger King.I had the Chicago hot dog which was just okay.  Again the bun was barely big enough for the dog.  Haystack fried onions on the side were tasty but greasy.  Soft drinks come in a one size cup, making a couple of refills necessary.  Cost was $20 for both of us, overpriced I think.  For a fast-food restaurant it was kind of dark, not much lighting. A greasy, unhealthy meal. Probably won't go back.
4	Go for the Western Burger awesome fried onion strips it's the best in the neighborhood.
4	Stopped by SmashBurger for a post-hike reward - it was worth it.  Tasty and fresh ingredients, friendly staff and a nice patio area to chill on with my big (and tuckered out) poodle.  I like the option of building my own burger and found the three size options ample (and there were a lot of chicken sandwich options too, but if I'm going for a burger, a beef burger is where it's at ;).  I enjoyed the sweet potato fries which had a yummy rosemary flavor.  They were out of lime, which was a super-minor bummer, but otherwise, the staff was great and accommodating to everything we wanted.  My bf and I split a shake for dessert (holy cow am I glad we split it!  Haagen Daaz - yikes) and that capped off the whole burger experience.  Definitely was filling enough to be practically two meals and I had the mid-sized "smash" burger.  Salad for dinner that night! Smashburger was a nice burger treat.
3	I've stopped in here a few times for lunch, especially when I'm in the mood for some sweet potato fries.  They are ok more often than not, though I am not a big fan of the olive oil addition.  On my most recent trip I went for the "big smash" burger and instead of it being a bulkier patty, it just seemed like multiple patties were "smashed" together outward, making the burger itself considerably larger in circumference than the bun, making it awkward (and messy) to eat.Still a decent place to grab a burger, but there are a couple other places I'd hit up before returning here.
3	Clean. Friendly staff. Fresh ingredients. Juicy burger.
4	I have been to three smashburgers around AZ, and this is by far the best one. At least at this location, there is consistency. Food is made well and warm. It is a bit expensive, but quite good I think.
4	Yummy is all I can really say about the wedge burger and sweet potato smash fries.  Crisp fresh wedge of lettuce with tomato, red onion, blue cheese and bacon...it was really great.  Don't forget to ask for some chipotle mayo dipping sauce to go with the fries.  Kind of pricey, but one of my favorites.
5	Great house made black bean burgers full of flavor. I'll be back.
5	I really liked Smashburger! I had the black bean burger. Soooo good. The fries were pretty so and so, but the fried pickles were very tasty:). They workers were all super nice and very fast! I love love love the black bean burger! The place was also very clean and organized which I like. Another bonus is the dog friendly patio!
4	Holy jesus this place is expensive! 2 burgers, fries and drinks for like $25 bucks?! I'd love to go more often, but not for these prices. Literally one of the most expensive burgers I've ever bought.
5	Man, I was really excited to give your shop another go. I was very impressed that someone came outside to see how our food was, you don't always see that at what we like to call a quick serve resto... I call this my "thank you, baby jesus" restaurant when my head is still in my hands from other restaurants that miss the mark. I had the Arizona burger, and it fell apart on me... I wanted to bust out the knife and fork... Then there was the smash fries, too, oh yeah... I love you guys, and yes, I am a fan for sure...
4	I have recently abandoned Five Guys and adopted Smashburger as a 'go-to burger place'. I really enjoy it! For starters their prices are quite reasonable (especially compared to the likes of Five Guys). I also love how they give customers the opportunity to get free smashfries by completing a survey! Smashburger in general just seems to care about their customers and their employees will often introduce themselves by name when bringing you your order. The food is quite good, especially the burger. The fries aren't the greatest I have ever had, but they certainly are unique! The restaurant interior is also pretty sweet compared to burger places like this.
2	This location is close to work so I was hoping it would be a great go to lunch spot.There might be better options on the menu, so take my review or leave it, but with other options in the area, I won't go back unless I'm with a party and get over-ruled.I had the make your own burger and opted for the small burger with grilled shrooms/onions and fresh jalepenos.  The burger was cooked as ordered and was decently flavored.I chose the smashburger fries, which in concept sound great (drizzled with olive oil and rosemary), but I like crisp fries and mine seemed less drizzled and more doused or floating.Adding a small drink and I was at $11.The girl at the next table had a salad that looked fresh, but for the price, I thought seemed awfully skimpy.My favorite thing about the place was the little metal basket things that the food was served in and unfortunately if the most memorable part of the meal is the utensils... there is a problem.Save your money and head over to five guys.
5	Love smashburger!!! The smash fries are awesome and the sweet potato fries even better. Clean and service is great.
4	The food was really good but the tables and floor desperately needed attention.
4	I have only been to Smashburger 3 times now but I am definitely a fan! I like the black bean burger patties and the rosemary and garlic Smashfries. My husband really likes the grilled chicken and my kiddo loves the burgers and fried pickles. Everything here is good and at a reasonable price.
3	A good burger, but too expensive!  Great milkshakes too and decent fries, but for the same price-you can dine in at nearby Islands Restaurant for the same quality of food.
5	Great sandwiches, great service what more can you ask for.
5	Best burgers in AZ......
4	Smashburger Review - My experience and WHY you should eat here!This was my first time going to Smashburger, after hearing good things about it from my brother and a few people I know. Overall experience was great, but let me break it down for ya. Menu: - Simple (small selection, but easy to read and make a choice)- Signature burgers and chicken sandwiches- Variety of salads- Build your own choices- Regular size and Big size to choose from for your burgerService:- Very welcoming and helpful when I asked questions- Brought our order out to us after we ordered- Wait time was a couple minutes, not bad at all thoughRestaurant:- Clean and modern looking interior- Open seating, booths and tables with chairs- Comfortable booth seats and lot's of table space- Clean restroomsFood:- BBQ Bacon Cheddar Burger was great, good size and cooked perfectly- Sweet potato smashfries were AMAZING, prob the best I ever had- Girlfriend got the Mushroom swiss burger, she loved it, good size too- Girfriend got the regular smash fries and they were good, nice and crispy- They also offer beers, and let you have it in a bottle or a mugCost:- More than I was expecting, but the quality and service balanced it out. - If you were to compare the prices from burger joints now a days, it's not much      more expensive when you really think about it. The dollar menus is what makes   up for their "regular prices" if you break it down. Smashburger Review Continued:** Our bill came out to about $20 after everything. Considering the quality, service, and options, it's worth it. ** The "Smashfries" are tossed in olive oil and herbs, and given as an option for both regular fries and sweet potato fries. Cost a $1 more I believe than regular fries.  ** When you order a burger or chicken sandwich, the fries are NOT included and will need to be ordered separately. Cost is about $2-$3 depending on if you choose regular or smashfry style. Smashburger would be great for all types of people, great for a casual dinner or lunch, and even better for a good place to grab some food and a beer without going to the bar. Overall experience was great, will definitely be going back very soon, and would recommend this place to anyone whose looking for a good burger or sweet potato fries. If your NOT a "cheap-ass", then you will definitely respect this place, but if your a person whose life is run by your money, instead of YOU running your own life, then this place is NOT for you!Hope this helped. Please leave comments or connect with me on facebook. Until next time,AnthonyPS: If this smashburger review was helpful, please show some love!
5	I love love love Smashburger!!  The accomodating staff bumps them up from a four-star to a five-star.  The food is delicious, but the staff really seems to have the guest in mind.  When they make mistakes (which they will because they are human...), they do everything they can to accomodate.  We ordered several items for there and some to go and there wasn't even a hiccup, but i've seen both management and staff go out of their way to save dissatisfied guests.
2	Smashburger was simply ok. The food was not horrible, but based on overall value, it is not that great. It is expensive for what is served.
4	Girls night at Smashburger.  Who knew we would have such a great time, eat great food and have an awesome manager, Chris, who made our experience even better.  Once again, my vegie black bean burger with grilled onions and a fried egg on a multigrain bun was perfectly done.  The veggie frittes, too.  And a ice cold Landshark beer in an ice cold frosty mug.  Perfect night.  Their staff kept checking with our rambunctious group, making sure we had what we needed and taking dirty plates away.  Always a plus for me.  And thanks to the lady at the next booth who climbed on the table to take a picture for us.  We will be back again next month.  Hope Chris is ready for us!
3	Grappled with the numbers of stars here.  3 means A-OK...well the food was but if I could rate the service separately it would barely get one.  Dirty tables, messed up orders, inattentive staff.  And this time, there were only five of us.  On the plus side, my black burger tasted great...once I got eat it.  They messed up on the bun and by the time they brought me the correct bun (no sauce) my friends were almost done eating.  The lady behind us had undercooked chicken.  Come on!  Bring back Chris, the awesome manager.  They were even out of my favorite beer:(
4	The burger here was amazing! I will totally order it again. I had a mushroom and swiss one that blew my mind. My family enjoyed their meal as well. The only thing that was not amazing was the ice tea stand it was really watered down but the food was still totally worth it.
4	I had the regular smash burger with sweet potato fries, and it was DELICIOUS! I've been craving a burger and this hit the spot. Bathroom could use some tending, good A+!
3	Was craving a burger and thought I could get it here. The menu pics glorified their burgers too much as the final product looked like a standard fast food burger! Taste was decent but was looking for something of higher quality as they advertise themselves to be.
2	Food is just ok and the employees I've dealt with are so rude (girls) and if you ask them for anything they act put out.
2	Terrible experience there recently. The service was rude, and like another reviewer wrote, it seemed like the employee was put out.I've been here several times, and this is the first time I've had this happen, but I guarantee it's the last, because I won't be back.The food is okay to pretty good, depending on what you order, but it is terribly overpriced.  It's okay to overcharge for a burger-but you at least smile when you do it.
4	Service was excellent & food was FANTASTIC!  Gotta luv those pickles
5	We went there for the first time last night and the food was so delicious. I got a classic with cheddar and avocado and my husband got their BBQ burger. I'm surprised other reviewers say they received poor service because the girls were all so nice! We'll definitely be going back!
5	I have heard a lot about this place, finally went to try it and I had a mushroom Swiss burger, it was so worth it, I wish I had gone sooner.  Highly recommend these burgers you will enjoy these and the staff is friendly and helpful
1	This is a fave stopping off place for lunch.  I've always enjoyed the food, the staff have always been very friendly and helpful.  Until today.Colleague and I dropped in for lunch and she placed her order ahead of me.  She was asked if she wanted to donate to X charity and she responded "No."  That should have been the end of it, but the server (#102, wasn't able to get her name) replied, "Don't care for charities, eh?"  It just so happens that Colleague commits about 60 hours per week to a charity and was there on a short break from some of those 60 very intense hours this week.A.  It's no one's business why anyone declines to donate to any particular charity.B.  If someone says "No." DROP IT, cashiers should never go beyond that.  I'm seriously disappointed to see that another person had a similar experience at this store a couple of days ago.C.  Managers need to train their employees as to A. and B. above.  I don't care how good the food is, if it hadn't been for D. below, I would never go back.D.  We spoke to the manager and told her what had happened (wow, how cool is it that a store like this has a young, female manager!?!!?) and she was mortified.  She apologized profusely and appeared to approach said employee to address it immediately.
1	Very bad all the way around. First and only time I will ever go. A bunch of younger people that have no concept of customer service. After ordering our food from a snooty girl, we sat and waited for our food for 25 minutes. While waiting, the employee in the back cooking and the girl preparing the take out and eat in orders were cussing and angry at each other. I heard 4 f bombs and a few b words. Horrible atmosphere. Btw the food was mediocre at best. The food was very greasy and tasteless. Do not recommend going unless your a teenager. Very disappointed.
5	An overall great experience!  Really good food, and very friendly staff.  They missed a couple things on the order, but went out of their way to make it right.Clean store, nice staff - an overall 5 star visit!
4	Burgers are tastey! Don't bother with the Smash Fries. The concept is nice, but tossing something that's already been fried in olive oil is to much!
2	I've always liked smashburger. Great burgers and fries. Quality food compared to most burger places. It's been a few years since I've had it but tonight's food was seriously lacking. Grease grease grease. Why is my burger SOAKED with it? Very disappointing. I will be back to smashburger but not this location.  I don't want to deal with the grease and the teenage workers who seem annoyed you're there.
4	I always end up ordering the same thing here....truffle mushroom Swiss chicken sandwich!! It's soo good! I had a nice big serving of chicken that was juicy and flavorful! Order it and you won't be disappointed :)
2	Not worth the money!The service is pretty good, but it doesn't make up for the sub par food at outrageous prices. We ordered an Arizona Burger, Chicken Sandwich, Smash Fries and Sweet Potato Fries. The burger was small (even though it was "almost a 1/2 pound patty) and the toppings were falling out, and there was barely any guacamole on it. The chicken sandwich looked like something a two year old threw together. The Smash Fries were just okay - nothing special at all.The total for two sandwiches and fries was over $20! I could get more quality food at so many other places for a lot less. I won't be returning.
5	I just finished a classic burger with the veggie frites and couldn't be happier!!! So delish! A very clean and friendly atmosphere, we will be back.
5	Awesome service and great tasting burgers.   Asked for mine to be cooked medium versus med well and it was perfect! All condiments fresh,  well prepared.
