5	Best Deal in Town is great.  I have bought 4 TV's from this store, and will go back for every TV purchase in the future.  I bought 3 Samsung 32 inch lcd tv's.  They were such low prices that all three became Hanukah presents for family.  My parents just bought a 42 inch Sony Bravia, as well.  Ryan and Nick are great, and I recommend BDIT to all of my friends.If you are looking to buy a TV, it is 100% worth it to at least see what they have in stock before you make your purchase.
5	Love these guys! Great prices!
5	This place is amazing.  They had a Sony 46" LED KDL-46EX600 for $550, and everywhere else I looked had the same TV for over $900.  The store was packed with customers, some buying multiple TVs, but the staff was still super friendly and helped me find what I was looking for.  5 stars for offering the BEST deal in town.
5	Great place to shop for a television.  I went in with my Dad about two weeks ago and he bought a TV on the spot.  I am rather tech savvy so the owners didn't really need to sell him on a TV, I did most of the talking for them.  They seem to be generally friendly and helpful without being too pushy and annoying, like most salesman end up being.  Whether or not you end up purchasing a TV here, I would highly recommend coming here first before you make a purchase anywhere else; you more than likely will find your future TV here.  Most of the time they will also throw in a free HDMI cable with your purchase, and although it may not be the highest quality cable, it should suffice until you decide whether or not to invest in a higher quality cable.
5	Went down to BDiT yesterday, not really sure what I wanted but knowing I didn't have a lot to spend. Jeff was very helpful and knowledgeable about the selection, and I walked out 20 minutes later with a 40" Sony that looks great in our living room. I will definitely be back here for future TV purchases!
5	My husband and I have NEVER bought a new TV in the 7 years we have been together.  Over the last few years we have looked and browsed but our current TV still worked fine so we had no reason to replace it.  Well, it died suddenly last week and so we finally bit the bullet and went TV shopping.  After hearing about Best Deal from a co-worker we stopped in. Took a look at what they had to offer and then went comparison shopping at big box stores.  Nothing compared to the deals they had to offer at BDIT.  The store was busy, especially for a Wednesday mid day but all of our questions were answered and we walked out with a 46" Samsung LED 120hz TV for $649.  We appreciated the honest answers to our questions.  The TV is AMAZING! We will be back for future TV's and have already reffered a handful of friends.
5	I can only speak for myself and I can't believe that there is even a bad review that has been written. First of all its not against the law to ask questions when you go into a store you have never been in before. When I first walked in the store. I saw that it wasn't your typical retail store. They had all kinds of televisions in different sizes and brands in no particular order. They had price tags made with post it notes on most and they were hand written. This is where I thought to myself keep an open mind. A gentleman asked me if I had any questions or if I needed any help. At this time I had a few questions. I asked him if these are new or used televisions and he explain that the televisions that were on display are the ones for sale. So I ask do you have any in the box and he explained most are not and explained their whole operation. So my next question was naturally "what is the warranty on these open box televisions" he told me 30 days and he also said that I could buy anywhere between a 2 year to a 5 year extended warranty. This made me feel good about the purchase of open box products. This was the first time I had ever done so.The gentleman took about 1 hour with me showing me everything he had that would fit my situation. I ended up buying (2) 47" vizio's 1080p 120hz for less than a thousand dollars for my man cave. I bought the same television 6 months prior before I found this place for 700.00 from costco for my bedroom. Watching two football games at once on sundays for a great price. Football on sundays will never be the same and I love it. This place rocks!!!
5	Best prices on quality TVs in town. Good service and friendly and knowledgeable staff. If you bring them lunch, you'll either get a discount or a freebie - I've seen it happen!
5	I saw their ads on like CL and had to see this place. I wanted to see if this too place was too good to be true and see if they weren't selling hot items lol. This place has super awesome deals here. This place is behind the main buildings from the main street. It's best to turn on College and get to the store from there. Anyways, upon entering this place, I thought I was in the stock room or something with all the TVs and blu ray players around, but that's how the floor is. I went here specifically looking to a blu ray player with a built in wi-fi and found one - for like $39!! They have other name brands like panasonic, sony and all those for a bit more but not too much. If I had more money to spend, I'd probably would have walked out with a TV lol. I know now that I need to shop here for my movie theater room stuff. And I don't need to wait for Black Friday for deals.
5	I have bought 5 TV's from Best Deal. Definitely the best price for a TV. My Personal selections are LG, Samsung and Sony, but tend to like the quality and price of Samsung a little more.. They do have all the other brands and even cheaper ones like Vizio, Hannspree so you will always stay in your price range one way or another..Had 1 issue and Called Nick, and he took care of everything ASAP no hassle and straight up Honest Business !!! I don't vouch for many places, but my friends and family will be heading their way on the next TV purchase.
5	This place is retarded. Seriously retarded!! My girlfriend and I were driving around on October 20th hitting garage sales for various items for our new condo. I saw a sign while driving down Baseline "HDMI Cables $5 - Best Deal in Town" ... coincidentally, I had been looking for an HDMI cable for our 32" Visio that my girlfriend had one back in Texas that we hauled up here during our move, only to find that the component in (RGB/RW) aren't stable enough for a good picture. I pulled into this place and, like the other reviewers, found that it was almost like a warehouse. There were massive amounts of electronics on display and boxes and boxes stacked to the ceiling... But everything I looked at was really nice. I asked Nick for an HDMI cable and he asked me what length. I said a 6ft, and he promptly got one out of his supply drawer and told me it would be $5 plus tax. I smirked a bit and asked him how long they'd been in business and he said, to my surprise, over SEVEN YEARS. This was unbelievable to me; I used to live up the street... literally less than two miles away on Baseline and Kyrene. I never knew these guys were here. I started looking at the TVs and I saw a 55" 240Hz Samsung 3D Smart TV that made me drool. Then my girlfriend said "Look at this Sharp Aquos" ... I asked Nick what the largest 240Hz TV they had was and he pointed out the Sharp Aquos my girlfriend was already looking at... I asked if he would recommend the Samsung over the Sharp, and he shrugged and said "for the price, the Sharp is a much better deal. It's about $600 less than the samsung, same connections, same refresh rate... of course most people find the samsung's picture quality to be good, but depending on your budget, is it $600 better? that's up to you really" ... his knowledge was superb.. I continued to look around, seeing blu-ray players, stereo receivers, and more TVs ... Calmly, I turned to my girlfriend and she smiled and said "how about instead of a projector, we get the samsung 60" LED TV?" ... Yup... she's a keeper. So I bought just the HDMI cable, but the amount of knowledge Nick exhibited and his non-pushy presence and the variety and the price really do make this place worthwhile. Nick did explain that a lot of their TVs are previous open-box items, but that everything was tested and given a 30-day in-store warranty, which would then be shifted over to the manufacturer's warranty. I can't say enough about this place. I can't wait to get a 60" Samsung LED for less than internet-pricing from this place and make all my buddies jealous, either. Thanks Nick!
4	Found these guys on Craigslist which made me a little leery but since it is near my house I decided to stop by. Turns out they really do have great deals, I got a smokin' deal on a 50" plasma tv and a TV console. When we got home (7ish on Dec. 23rd) and pulled the TV console out of the box we noticed a big nick in it. So I took a photo and emailed to Jeff at the shop and was surprised to get an email back an hour later! He said that he was sorry and that they didn't have anymore of the same consoles in stock so use the one I have for a few weeks until they get a new shipment. When the new shipment comes in they will come by, pick up the nicked console and replace it with a new one.  That is some spectacular customer service! (will bump my review to 5 stars once the console is replaced). Great place to get a TV, TV console and accessories with great customer service.
5	I couldn't be more pleased with my experience @ BDIT!!! I got a gorgeous 51" Plasma TV at a fantastic price! Ryan and his staff are true professionals who took care of me in a straight forward, no B.S manner. Very refreshing. I'll be going back for more & telling all my friends @ family.Do yourself a favor and go see BDIT first. You'll be glad you did!Mark B.Chandler, AZ
5	Wish I could give more stars.Amazing prices and great service!Customer for life!
5	Went to get a smaller TV for my recently remdeled bathroom. I left with a 24" Samsung LED....smokin deal! Thanks
5	Just purchased a Samsung LED television from BDIT on Friday (03/08/13).  Worked with Nick.  This was by far the best TV buying experience I've ever had.  The price I paid was unbeatable (I research these types of purchases thoroughly - both online and locally in-store).  Nick was knowledgeable, helpful, easy to work with and extremely patient answering all of my questions.  I encourage anyone who is in the market for a new TV to stop by here and talk to Nick/BDIT first and see for yourself.  I set the TV up on Friday night - couldn't be happier with the purchase.  Going in again this week to purchase a Yamaha sound bar from Nick.
4	Open-box LED & Plasma TV's of modest to massive size. Sony, Samsung, Panasonic, Vizio, and I think Phillips, as well one or two models of Blu-Ray players - which were $50 with purchase of TV at the time we went in.  Prices were SPECTACULAR - appeared to be better by several hundred dollars on larger screens than my most beloved big box warehouse club on same brands, though I am not sure if on exact same models.  Same were not up to the minute  "smart TVs" capable of internet streaming - but they were the major name brands mentioned above and the picture was beautiful. Major differences: warranty & return policy (and maybe documentation included as well).   30-90 day in-house warranty.  No exchanges or refunds.  Defective units may be exchanged within warranty period.Some question as to whether manufacturer's warranties apply.  Can purchase in-house extended service contract at reasonable cost.  Note however multiple reviewers attesting to management's courtesy in  allowing them to exchange for good reason slightly beyond the stated period.  Documentation was skimpy - a skimpy micro-font guide as opposed to the full sized manual and quick start guide, warranty registration materials, etc., that came with my past TV of same brand from Costco some years ago (but you can presumably register for manufacturer warranty online anyway).  Contrast to my beloved Costco's 90 day return for any reason policy, 1 year manufacturer's warranty plus additional year added for Costco customers - and yet a 3rd if you purchase with AMEX card, but frankly - if it comes on and works to begin with . . . it's probably not going to give you any trouble anyway.  Store packed tight with inventory in slightly hidden location off Baseline in Tempe. Casual, helpful, no-pressure staff.  Second store to open in Denver, with the oft-kindly spoken of "Nick" from this store at the helm.   Note also a handful of laptop computers for sale, about which I know no details,   TV has only been in operation for a week but works flawlessly.  Great picture.  Purchase experience was positive - I will go back. Recommend.
5	I recently purchased a 55" HD Panasonic plasma from Best Deal in Town. It was a fantastic deal. They even offered us $100 off the price they had on the sign, and threw in a Samsung smart blu-ray player for $50.After a while, we noticed that the TV screen would suddenly get dimmer. As soon as I contacted Best Deal in Town, they were happy to exchange it. When I went to the store, they even threw in a screen-cleaning kit. Jeff was super helpful and even said that if I had any problems with the new TV, they would drive out to my home to swap the TV for a different one. The new TV works great, no issues. I'm very impressed with their service and really trust these guys.Best Deal sells items that are "open box", returned to companies like Amazon for reasons like a wrong address or customer simply wanting something different. They do test every TV for 20-30 minutes to make sure it works, and their 90-day return policy makes me feel comfortable purchasing from them.They really do have the best deals, and based on the quality of their products and great service, I would recommend them to anyone!
5	We got an awesome tv for a great price. They were extremely friendly and not pushy on sales.
5	Went in last Sunday, worked with Mark, had my receiver bought in 10 minutes and I am  happy. Mark Bush was great & very knowledgeable.
5	Got another Samsung for one of the kids room,, BEST deal ever and didnt break any budget expectations... Next up, my Garage so i can have TV etc while working on projects or using the HOT GYM,, hahaha u guys ROCK
5	Awesome place and awesome deals!!  Don't buy elsewhere until you have been here..
5	Best Deal really is the best deal! They have friendly, knowledgable staff who aren't pushy. And the prices ARE fantastic! They are a bit hard to find but well worth the effort. I highly recommend them if you are looking for a new HDTV.
5	This place is great.  I bought a Samsung computer monitor/ TV about a month ago from them.  The price was about 50% less than Costco's price for the exact same model.  Plus, they threw in a free wifi blu-ray player as a "daily deal" even though I didn't know about the offer and had already agreed to buy the monitor.  Highly recommend this place.
5	Bought a 47 inch Vizio LCD, 3-D, Smart TV. I'm so happy I found this place, also got the wall Mount and the two year warranty. This deal was incredible! I will be back. I also would recommend this to friends
5	My husband and I have bought two tvs, multiple cables, a sound bar, iphone accessories and furniture from Best Deal in Town.  We keep going back to these guys and recommend all of our friends and family to not even bother with the corporate electronics stores.  The service is always good and we've never felt pressured to buy.  All of the guys there are super knowledgable and always answer any questions we have without making us feel dumb.Definitely stop here first for your next TV and electronics purchase!
5	Bought a 40inch Sony LCD for my computer. Great staff, very helpful. Prices are unbelievable! I completely recommend coming here first for any of your tv/home theater needs. A+ store!
5	I have bought numerous tv from these guys and they are great. I send everyone looking for tv there way and they are always amazed and pleases with the deals they get.
5	They really have the beat deals in town. The guys in there are extremely knowledgeable and answer the most naive questions in a serious manner.  There is no sales pressure, just great customer service. I recommend them to anyone. I'll never go to Best Buy again!
5	Awesome place! Got everything I needed and will definitely be back. Laid back atmosphere & knowledge friendly staff.
5	My boss recommended the BDIT, so I thought I'd check it out.  The spot is definitely hidden, but once I stepped inside, it was like I just stepped into an electronics fantasy!! The place is B A N A N A S ! ! ! ! ! ! !  The prices, are by far the best for televisions in the STATE OF ARIZONA!!!!  I was just there to get a wall mount for a small flat screen, but I was quickly drawn in by the number of televisions that were on display.  Their entire staff is helpful, knowledgeable, and they aren't pushy.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!
5	Great place!! Friendly service, know what they are doing.  Large selection of electronics.  I have bought a TV, sound bar, and numerous cables and all work great!  Would recommend this store to anyone!!
5	Just redeemed my free hdmi cable from these guys! No questions asked! Lots of nice TVs and the renovation looks great a lot more space and the entrance into the shop is more accessible and visible. Great service and good quality merchandise.
5	Not only are they the Best Deals in town but the service there is fantastic.  Jeff really knows his products, gave me a mouth dropping deal on a Sony Television, wall mount and a couple HTMI cables.  Completely satisfied!  Tv looks great, will definitely be returning for ALL my electronic needs!
5	First of all, you aren't going to find a better deal than here unless it's Black Friday. And even then, they will pry offer a Black Friday deal to beat that! I've bought two TVs and a MacBook Pro here, and I haven't regretted a single purchase. They are good to their customers, which keeps them coming back. I always recommend friends, and my friends never have a bad thing to say! If you like them on Facebook too, they do a lot of promos and giveaways too!
5	Good store with good deals. The bluray players are sold for a great price and they also gave me a free Hdmi cord. Nice employees...not to pushy. Very low key place.
5	I just bought a 55" Samsung 3D TV last week. Jeff and Mason were very helpful. Jeff was able to give me a smoking deal! Saved a few hundred dollars on this tv compared to what other places were selling it for online. A day or 2 later, I started having an issue with the TV. Brought it back to the store and Jeff replaced it with the same new tv, no questions asked. Great service! This has been my 3rd TV purchased from Best Deal In Town and is my go-to store for tv's and blu-ray players. Before you buy a tv anywhere else, stop in and see if they can beat the price. I know they will.
5	Imagine if you will, a world where everyone is friendly and uber smart and basically gives you what you want. That world is called Best Deal in Town. We came in recently looking to purchase another TV (got the last one from BDIT as well) and were greeted immediately by Jordan (hey Jordan!). He walked us through the store and explained everything about HD, Smart TV, Non Smart Tv, LDC, LED, Plasma, etc. I know NOTHING about such things, so it is beyond helpful to have someone like Jordan to help navigate the process and keep my brain from exploding.We got a great deal (seriously, they do have the best deals in town) and left happy with our choice of TV.They also have DVD and Bluray players and mounts as well as laptops, etc etc. Anything you could possibly need electonically, they've got it!
5	The name says it all. I've purchased 15+ televisions from these guys personally and for our restaurants and it's saved us $1,000's. Keep your money local and save time searching the internet - I've done everything from out of box, scratch and sent, brand new smart tv's, etc... and they can't be beat. End of story.
5	When my mom and I walked in we were greeted right away with a joke! The guys working here are all very kick back and funny. I let them know that I was interested in buying a Macbook and Brian gave me the skinny on all of the different models. He took the time to help pick out which one was best in quality, washing it before I left and treating us both very kind.All in all, the Best Deals in Town really is, the best deals in town.Don't waste your time with Craigslist and other places around the valley.
5	I have purchased many items here and it is always a great experience.  Greg is amazingly awesome! All the guys are knowledgable and helpful. I would absolutely recommend it to anyone!
5	I can honestly say that every TV, DVD player and audio equipment comes from BEST DEAL in TOWN.  They truly are the BEST Deal but even better they are such a great group of guys. So friendly and helpful in everyway.
5	Been here twice and both times had friendly service and a good, reliable product.  Highly recommend.
5	Awesome staff, very knowledgable and helpful! We had just moved into the area and saw them on yelp, we needed a good TV of reasonable size and they found us a great one! It works really well! Definitely recommend these guys!
5	Bought my 11" MacBook Air in pristine condition here. Saw a couple TVs I may want to purchase in the near future and they do have a nice store going on with knowledgable staff. They do have very reasonable prices on everything in the store from what I can see, and I'll definitely be referring friends to this place.If you're looking for bottom of the barrel prices, look elsewhere, because you do get what you pay for. What you get are quality products at a fair price that won't break the bank, and they back it with a 90 day warranty. Only negative was the semi truck blocking access to the rest of the parking, obviously this was only temporary. Will definitely be back.
5	The ability to open the printing dialogue box to see printing features & possibilities would have shortened this visit considerably and made it a more positive experience. In other words, if one could have connected to a computer, not to actually print, but to see layout possibilities, it would have helped. You might note that the literature with the printers does not outline these things.
5	Great Customer service. The guys are really down to earth, funny and help out how ever they can... and the prices are unbeatable!
5	I was looking for a futon and found this place as a result and this place is amazing.Everyone is super friendly and honest. I took a tour of the place before making my purchase and they live up to their name I saw a lot of great deals on everything from HD, LED. and Plasma TV's. This will be my first pick for searching for TV's or other electronics in the near future. As for my futon I love it, and Jeff went out of his way to deliver right to me living room. I would definitely recommend this place. Thank you Greg and Jeff.
5	Bought a 46" plasma there 2 years ago, plus have purchased 3 blu-ray players from them in the past 2 years. They saved me hundreds of dollars and I am grateful to have found them!
5	I found these guys at their Denver Store and was impressed!!!  Just bought a new home in the Phoenix area and I figured I would give them some more business!  Jeff and the guys down here are just as good as the guys up at the Denver Store!!! They sell more Apple products here than in Denver which is great for me because I am obsessed.   Got the entire house outfitted with new TVs for about 4K less than I would have paid at Costco ( believe me, I shopped around) - Won't shop anywhere else anymore.  These guys have unbeatable deals and they back everything with a 90 Day Warranty!    Every one of these guys knows the product and will be honest with you about what you need and what you don't need.   Don't waste your time anywhere else.  The owners of this company truly care about their customers and it shows in their salesmen.
5	These guys are awesome and will be buying from again.  Literally saved me hundreds on my tv stand.
5	It really is "The Best Deal In Town"  These guys are honest, no bullshit, and they will treat you right!!!  Brian is the Mac guru who will take care of all your Mac needs.  I approve this message.
