5	Sorry, but that other reviewer was wrong. We had dinner for 2 for $27.00 (they have a coupon for 2 free glasses of house wine on their website). If you think this is expensive then stay away from Paymon's (A single gyro, no platter was over 10 dollars)I had Gyros platter, the gyro was Nice sized and the meat was cut off the vertical spit (not frozen gyros "patties"). the platter includes a nice sized Greek salad with tangy homemade Greek dressing and some seasoned rice and humus and pita ( I liked the humus with yogurt, then it's not the consistency of kindergarten paste).This pita bread is about as good as you get in Las Vegas. My resident grape leaf tester (my wife, who orders them wherever she can) got the vegetarian variety and enjoyed them very much along with her Moussaka which was rich and not greasy.I will be adding this place to our visit often list based on the good food, and service and value.
4	Yum! We went here for dinner tonight and really enjoyed it! We had the coupon from the internet for 2 free glasses of wine which is always nice!Let me preface this with I can not spell, so please forgive me if I spell the dishes wrong!The hummus was good, the pita bread was great and warm, not burned or dry. The consistency of the hummus was smooth, probably thanks to the yogurt it's made with.I have the spanakopita plate (spinach pie) which I thought was very good. Great balance of phyllo dough, spinach and feta. It was nice to have the plate because it came with rice, a small greek salad (which was good - lots of feta, good salty kalamata olives and nice oil and vinegar dressing) and a taste of hummus (we had gotten an appetizer of the hummus as well...we love hummus).My hubby had the chicken gyro and really enjoyed it. You can pick was dressing you want on the sandwich, which is nice (tsatziki, hummus or something else).We also had a side plate of the falafel, which was really good! They were small little falafel balls, but the texture was really nice. Very smooth with a great flavor! The service was good and quick, the place was clean and the food was good. We will definitely come back here again!
5	BEST, best ever cheesecake!!! If you go there you must leave space in your tummy to order the baklava cheesecake!! So, delicious - not even comparable to the Cheesecake Factory. Food was good, nothing spectacular but delicious. The portions are okay at least for the smaller portions. My kids and I had the perfect amount of food with the small portion. Remember, you have to order the baklava cheesecake :)
4	This place is consistently tasty, and I don't feel guilty about eating it all the time because most of the dressings and sauces are lower fat.  I think the cutest thing is that there's a cute greek mama who works the cashier.  Everyone who works there seems really friendly, too.  Everything is supposed to be homemade, too.Items I have tried:1.  Gyro - tasty, seasoned lamb, chopped romaine, tasty dill/yogurt dressing and warm flat bread2.  Gyro salad - everything in a gyro, just minus the flat bread and it's vinegarette dressing and feta cheese.3.  Keftedes - Greek meatballs + some fluffy basmati rice4.  Pomegranate Chicken Salad - White meat chicken marinated in pomegranate dressing and grilled to perfection, not to dry and juicy enough with a covering of more pom dressing, and all of it placed on a bed of baby spinach leaves. p.s.  I ordered a whole Aphrodite Cheesecake (regular cheesecake with baklava bottom) from there, and it was fantastic!  Flaky baklava bottom and fresh cheesecake - can't beat that!
4	I've tried the chain Gyro Time and was really put off to Greek food here in Vegas until Market Grille opened and published coupons. We gave them a try and were impressed. We didn't dine in, but 'took out' a few times and aside from the greek side salad being a little wilted, the food just rocked. They have become my go-to place for food on the rare occasion we dine out. I agree with a previous review about the hummus, just killer!
5	Yeah I would say this is one of the hidden gems in the Valley.  I go to th one in Centennial Hills, and know they just opened one at 95 and Lake Mead. The food is made to order, excellent quality, and very reasonably priced. There are always coupons in the local newspapers and entertainment books that make it an even better deal. The workers are all really friendly and nice.  I've had the beef/lamb gyro wrap, the chicken with potatoes entree, and keftedes (greek meatballs) entree, all of them get an "A".  The cheesecake is very good, also gets and "A".  Don't listen to Carly A, she is high. There's no way this place gets 2 stars.
4	This place was great! We walked in and were greeted immediately. The atmosphere and decoration of this small restaurant was fantastic. They have a huge menu that shows if things are vegetarian and gluten free (which I thought was cool even though I'm neither). We ordered a beef/lamb gyro, a large greek salad with gyro meat, and falafel. The total came to about $26.00 which is pretty pricey. But the food was amazing so we felt that we could justify it. The gyro and the salad were large and very tasty but the falafel was too salty for our tastes. I highly recommend this place but be prepared for the prices.Ps: On our way out we ordered a slice of the aphrodite cheesecake and a small order of canoli's .... both were to die for!
4	If you are looking for great Greek food outside of the usual drive thru fare in Vegas, please take a moment to stop by this restaurant.  On a whim we walked in for lunch, only to find ourselves happy and giddy at the range of choices on their menu.  Not only do they serve wine and beer, but they have different Greek fare than the other restaurants, such as pumpkin mushroom soup, freshly made (not canned) dolmades, and pomegranate chicken for gyros and as a skewer.We ordered the traditional gyro, hummus and baba with pita, as well as a chicken skewer, pumpkin mushroom soup, dolmades and their butter cookies.  All of it was excellent and nicely priced.  I have to say that their food is better than my previous favorite Greek restaurant, hands down.If you're looking for take out or a nice place to sit and eat, stop by your nearest Market Grille Cafe and have a gyro.  I have to suggest the pumpkin soup because it was out of this world.  And if you are in the mood for interesting dessert, please have their butter cookies or their cheesecake. Excellent food at excellent prices.
5	Best Greek food I've had so far. I've been to several Greek places and none compares to this place. They actually just opened a new store by Lake Mead Blvd. and 95. I usually order the beef ball patties meal, not sure what the name of the dish is. I get the meal so it comes with a drink, Greek salad, pita breads and hummus. Their hummus is delicious! I can eat it all day! I definitely recommend this place.
4	This is a relatively new casual Greek restaurant that has prospered during these difficult times by providing very good food at reasonable prices.  Ann ordered the spanakopita while I chose the pomegranate chicken.  Entrees include pita bread, salad and Greek rice.  This version of spankopita was denser than we are accustomed to, but very good nonetheless.  I have only had pomegranate chicken once before at Paymon's and this version infinitely superior.  I had a coupon printed off the restaurant's website good for 2 free glasses of wine that the manager accepted along with a discounted gift certificate purchased at Best Restaurant Guide.  We closed out the meal by sharing a piece of the restaurant's award winning Aphrodite cheesecake with a baklava crust.
3	Good food, nice and relaxed atmosphere.
5	We love this casual joint. I came in the first time not expecting too much (Vegas has been dismal on the search of a decent gyro) but was impressed. What we've tried so far:Gyros are juicy and not overly salty- one of the best I've had in a long time. I love the pomegranate chicken and I'm usually avoidant of chicken breast as most places just overcook it. I like the keftedes and the gyro pizza and baklava cheesecake as well. Moussaka and pastitsio was alright. The hummus or the dill sauce (I ask for both!) come with most combos is good- I like that the hummus is a bit lighter so easier to spreador use as a sauce and  pitas are good, not dry at all . Everything is fresh and homemade tasting. This place is close to my house (yay!) and were definitely gonna try out the rest of the menu soon.
5	I love the spinokopita, the pomegranite chicken - their rice is light and fluffy.  Even the desserts - try the pumpkin/baklava cheesecake - very yummy.  Oh and the pumpkin walnut soup - very creamy and rich.
4	This place is delicious. I love it when they say 'opa" after you place your order. Everyone is super friendly and the food comes out quickly. I generally order the Keftedes. The meatballs are delicious with the yogurt dill sauce and rice. However, the bf decided to get the traditional gyro and it was unbelievably tasty! I think next time I will get the traditional gyro and call it good. I definitely will be back next time I'm on that side of town.
4	Good Greek/Mediterranean food. Yummy hummus, moussaka, etc. Great customer service as well!
4	I have been through two pregnancies with Market Grille Cafe Pomegranate Chicken as my must have honey drive over there before they close because I have got to have it food. The staff was always wonderful every time I called to place my order for my long suffering husband to come in and pick up. I love everything on the menu. This is the place we bring our out of town relatives who eat gluten restricted diets. Everything tastes and feels fresh and healthy. Never a disappointment. The dining area is small but there are tables outside for a great evening meal. Finish with the baklava cheesecake and you will be in heaven.
5	Stopped in to fulfill a craving I had for Chicken Gyro's! This was my first visit & I ordered the Chicken Gyro platter with the yogurt dill sauce, all I can say is I'm impressed. The chicken is delicious & tender, with the fresh veggies & homemade warm pita. The rice is very good as well as the hummus & Greek salad. I'm definitely coming back again for some delicious Mediterranean style cuisine.Highly recommend you give this place a try.
4	Traditional Greek CuisineHummus and Salads are great here!   I go here about 3 times a month, the big salads are a fav.  Pomegranate chicken salad is a bit over priced, I learned to make this at home.  GO GREEK!
4	Good Solid Greek Restaurant. The best one you will find on the northern part of the city. Gyros are my heroes at this place, you will not be disappointed in ordering one. I really can't complain about any dish on their menu.P.S. Don't forget desert, its well worth it here.
3	Great little place - I stopped in today to grab some to-go food to sustain my errand-running.  I was glad to find a place that was tasty, fast, and relatively healthy.  I wanted to rate this higher, but I did not care for the tabbouleh at all - it was really missing something (it kinda tasted like grass clippings with a squeeze of lemon).  I also had the pomegranate chicken wrap with "dill sauce" (wish they didn't dumb down tzatziki), which was quite delicious and really hit the spot.  Thumbs up for a military discount and super friendly staff.  I will probably try this place again when I am in the area.
4	Had the mousaka here and it was delicious! The portion size was great and a good price. Their ingredients seemed fresh. It is a small place but nice open seating. Self Serve Drinks.The menu at the counter where you order is actually on the ceiling so it wasn't easy to read.I've also tried the appetizer sampler and the pomegranate chicken at a different location (Lake Mead) and that was great. Good for sharing. Oh also had their salad (part of entree combo) and I Loved it!Good pricing, good portion, and great service. (order at the counter and it gets brought to  your table)I've been craving their hummus and pita and mousaka for a while, I need to go back! But too many options for food during the holidays.
5	My husband and I were craving some Greek food 2 days ago and found this place. The food was delicious! My husband had the gyro entree and I had the chicken kebab entree. It was all soooo delicious! Affordable food, good portions, and on top of that the people working were super-friendly. We can't wait to go back!
5	We've been a few times since it's in our neighborhood. Yes, it's not the most uber homey fare and more like a fast food treatment to Greek but the food is consistent and satisfying. Gyros are always juicy here. Pomegranate chicken plates are perfect for when you want something clean and fresh tasting. The chicken is juicy so they know how to cook it right.The pumpkin cheesecake is pretty good...the crust is baklava! It's a welcomed addition to the places we have in our area.
5	Have made three trips to this establishment, each time it gets better. I don't their is a bad thing on the menu. My fav is the Filet Tenderloin Kabob platter.Comes with a veggie kabob, rice and greek salad..Yumm.. Hummus is very tasty as is the pomegranate chicken salad. Restaurant has taken on quite a following some nites it can be quite crowded.  If you like something different give this place a try, you will just keep coming back.
4	I really like the freshness of Market Grill and how it's all homemade.  We really can't say that much here in Las Vegas!  What I always get:Dolmades- dip them in the hummus that comes along side-HEAVENLY!Falafel with Satziki on pita bread with a spike of hummus or babaganoush-true love :)  The babaganoush is terrificly garlicky-soo addictive, don't plan on kissing anyone for a while!My total bill comes to around $30, but I make it last through about 3-4 lunches! If you are a fan of Greek, try it-you won't be sorry!
4	I've been to Greece...I ate as much as I could! It was so memorable that I've been trying to find something that would fill the void of missing the food in Greece. I was able to try their moussaka today. The eggplant tasted fresh, potatoes were tender and the beef was seasoned just right. Although nothing really comes close to the food in Greece, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. It tasted fresh rather then cooked, freezed and thawed when ordered. Greek salad came on the side which was fresh as well.  Along with my entree also came pita and hummus. The hummus was quite tasty. Mmmmm...Before leaving...I tried the Aphrodite's Cheesecake as I read it won a few food awards. It had a baklava bottom crust. Delicious! The cheesecake itself was rich and creamy. The baklava on the bottom was yummy, but not crisp due to the cheese cake sitting on top.Overall...it was worth the try and I will be back to try more things on their menu.
4	AMBIANCE: 5 - Everything is prepared fresh which is refreshing. The restaurant is pretty homey now, like I'm eating in my Mediterranean grandma's place lol It has a great smell in the restaurant, like they just baked all the desserts and it smells like heaven! Place is pretty empty, which is a shame because the food isn't too bad! SERVICE: 5 - The service was great! the server was really nice and personable! she was patient and very attentive to our needs.FOOD: 4 - I like my veggies and tried the spanakopita, which is baked well and tastes great! they put their salad as a side in most dishes, and I love it!!! Their Aphrodite's cheesecake is way improved! it's not as sweet anymore and I love it!! The food still has that fast food feel to it, I wish it had a more homemade taste! The cheesecake is perfect though! This is my favorite spot to go to for Mediterranean!! I always always get the skewers!Local Specific info: their punch card is now an iphone app, so if you go a lot, download away!You can order to-go!
5	I have seriously eaten here over 50 times, and I know this because of all the "frequent diner" cards I burn through.I came here when they very first opened and have been hooked ever since.  It is pretty hard to find a quality, affordable, non-chain, veg-friendly restaurant to go to in this town- but Market Grille fits the bill.Everything is homemade and the ingredients are always fresh.  The service is always very friendly, and even though it's more of a fast-food set up, they are always coming by to make sure everything is ok.  The space is homey and casual.The salad, hummus, and pita never disappoint.  I usually get the veggie skewers and my husband usually orders the veggie gyro.  When we really want to pig out, we order the combo appetizer platter as well.  And I really can't even begin to describe to you my love affair with their cheesecake (and their pumpkin cheesecake, for that matter).  This has been my birthday cake for the last couple years.Their prices are affordable and they have vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free menus.  We have brought several family members here while they were visiting Vegas, and they all still talk about how great the restaurant was and how they wish they could have a slice of the cheesecake.
4	Light, not greasy like some Greek places. Traditional gyro was good and had lots more than just meat. Spanakopita was perfectly flaky and tasty. The rice has a distinct flavor some might like (olives?), but I wouldn't get again.
5	Got a lamb gyro to go this week and it was so awesome!!  The pita bread was soft and chewy, the cucumber dressing was awesome, and the lamb meat was tender.Their frequent diner card and 15% off coupons show that they really value their customer.  Cool environment as well if you choose to dine in.Try it!!  Fast but quality Greek food!!
2	Meh. The gyro stew is great. But everything is WAYYYYY overpriced. Way. And the portions are not fabu. At all. For the price of this food I can slay a lamb myself and get that carnal feeling I love. No thanks.
4	Fresh Fast and Fun,Food good , I had  mousakka and my husband had Gyro and we enjoyed the taste and the freshness.Coupon for free drinks ( wine) was a plus.Service in a "semi-fast food " place was refreshing.Aphrodite cheese cake as MARVELOUS.  We will go again!
4	We stumbled in one Saturday for lunch and were glad we did. The staff was very nice and I'll be really happy when the new location on Durango opens soon. My husband ordered a gyro which I didn't taste (not a lamb fan) but he said was flavorful. I got a salad and the pomegranate chicken wrap...very fresh and colorful. I will definitely order the chicken again, next time as an entree to fully showcase the chicken. Hummus was good, veggies nice and crisp and it was a great lunch. We ended the meal with a butter cookie each but next time I feel like a caloric splurge I have got to try the baklavah cheesecake!
2	Good atmosphere and great staff. I had a traditional gyro platter. Very pricey for what you actually get. The food was ok, but nothing compared to the Mad Greek in Baker, CA.
4	My husband and I go to the new location on Durango. The food is great. Service is good.
4	Excellent food, pleasant service, the new location in the Monticieto Marketplace is huge.  Cheesecake is to die for.  Prices on the higher side but still fair. Steak kabobs wonderful.
1	I try to be generous when it comes to "family owned" businesses, but this one needs a wake-up call before it goes out of business for lack of business. I could not wait for the place to open this past October. You can smell what seems to be yummy-ness in the air outside the restaurant and inside. I haven't had the occasion to dine in there but I decided I'd order take-out tonight (Fri 1/6/12) to give it a try. Man was I disappointed.First, some reviewers have written "a little pricy", I have to say IT IS VERY OVERPRICED. I mean, you'd expect to pay too much on the strip (still for a decent portion) but this is a neighborhood spot across from a grocery store. 12 bucks for 1 skimpy meat skewer, 1 "vegetable" skewer of sliced tomato & onions, about 1.5 tablespoons of dill sauce, chencey chopped salad with a thimble-full of dressing, and 1/2 of a pita, cut into fourths so that it gives the appearance of more. I mean for $12 you could at least give a whole pita; it's cheap bread. This had to be the skimpiest meal I've had in a long time. I was really hungry and I don't eat a lot of food. But I was still hungry when I finished. I think there might have been enough food for my 3 year old nephew. But any restauranteur should know that if you load up the plate with cheap sides (rice, salad, bread). You've at least given the appearance of a generous portion..... but let me continue. Second, the quality was really bad. There was a big wad of moistened seasoning mix in my rice that I bit into - yuk! Yet, the rice was dry, dry dry. The salad was too much chopped onion, some chopped cucumber (I'm guessing they chop them small for the dill sauce and save some for the salad), chopped lettuce and a few kalamata olives. The featured skewers (lamb & tomato/onion) were okay but I've had skewers just as good at the kabob place with the same amount of sides for half the price. By the way, the olives were the tastiest part of the entire meal.Finally, the food temperature was just above warm. I'll give them a little reprieve in this area because they said it would be ready in 10-15 minutes. We live just around the corner from the place and we picked it up at 15 minutes. I guess they hadn't planned on packaging to maintain the temperature of the food.So will I return, nope, not without a half off coupon so that I can get my money's worth. I will continue to search for quality Greek food and know that I can get a least better food at the Mad Greek.
4	Food is delicious. I had the Vegenini, it is like a vegetarian pizza. I loved it. The potato fries are also delicious. Customer service is always friendly.
4	Simple system, very good food, great service, highly recommend.  Families, friends, lovers, single, it's a place for healthy and still tasty food.  When I am in LV next time, I'm stopping again.
2	Ordered the Lamb Gyro came with a tiny little thing of sauce. Most places I get a much bigger sauce container. Which I like. The Gyro had a very lite flavor. Felt like I was eating diet food which I don't like. Most the time I eat 1/2-3/4 of a Gyro and I'm full but I ate the whole thing and I was still hungry and No I'm not pregnant. I rather go to Gyro Time or Greek Cafe on the strip. I won't be coming back to this place. Also I think they spelled  tzatziki sauce wrong on their menu but I could be wrong so whatever. But the service was nice. All the workers greeted me and let me know what I ordered to double check everything is correct.
4	i really enjoyed my first visit here and was impressed with the gent behind the counter (I think he is one of the owners?).  He was quick to offer us a gluten-free/vegan/veggie menu, as I said I couldn't ingest dairy.  During our meal, he came by and asked if we were happy with everything (we were).  I ended up ordering the lentil soup and the Plato's Potatoes (i.e., fries topped with a secret spice blend).  The soup was delicious, but the fries were so-so (I thought the accompanying yogurt dip was too yogurt-y and the fries on their own were surprisingly bland).  I also ordered a few of the butter cookies, which proved to be a good decision.  Lovely, shortbread-like cookies dusted with confectioner's sugar.The place is clean and bright and is great for a casual meal with friends.  You make your order at the counter, pay, take a number, find a seat, then wait for your meal to be brought to you.  It's like a very upscale cafeteria!I'm happy that there is a unique place like MGC in the north part of town.
4	Good Greek fare in a pleasant environment.  I really liked the pomegranate chicken.  Simple but tasty.  I recommend checking them out for good prices and good Greek food.  Opa!
4	I still love this place, don't get me wrong. But I am taking a star away from my last review because it weirded me out that I couldn't get a to-go cup for my soda last time I was here. Seriously? I paid over 30 bucks for a meal for 2 people and I can't get a plastic cup? Maybe I am cheap...maybe I didn't need the soda...but dude. Please give me a to-go cup. I would've even paid the 10 cents it is worth. Oh well. The food is amazing so I will go back and be sure to drink my entire drink before I want to leave.
5	Service is GREAT, food is WONDERFUL and I would go back again.  They have several locations in town to enjoy!
2	Ok then.  I reviewed many of the other reviews and thought I was in for a treat.  What a disappointment.  I have eaten here before, when the restaurant was in a corner off of centennial parkway. I didn't think it was that good then either, but I thought I would give it another try,I ordered the traditiomal gyro platter.  It came with rice, salad, pita slices and dipping sauce, and a gyro pita sandwich.  I tried the rice first.  It was bland and dry.  The salad was good, at least the lettuce was fresh.  They gave me some little slices of pita bread and a little bit of dipping sauce.  Once again, bland. Then I tried the gyro.  It looked great.Now I have eaten quite a few gyro sandwiches from different restaurants and am usually satisfied with the taste.  The meat (lamb in my case) is what makes the sandwich.  Oh my gosh what a surprise.  The meat barely had any flavor at all!  Additionally,  it didn't look like it was completely cooked and was very light colored.  It was so bland I didn't even eat half of the gyro.  Very disappointed.I'll give you that the place is nicely decorated and the service staff was good, but the food just didn't cut it.  Prices could be better too, but they weren't that bad.Won't be going back here, not while Paymons and my favorite, Yassou Grill on charleston/buffalo are still open.  The food at those two is much better than here.
1	Experienced better food at the mall food court. Stopped in here for lunch and was greeted by the oldest hostess in the world! Her bad vibes were rubbing off on me. Took forever to get my order taken on top of that our waitress thick accent made me wonder if she got the order correct. When the order was on our table the first bite was okay and then it just went bland. Don't think I would ever step foot in this place again.
2	My first experience was when the restaurant first opened.  My boyfriend and I walked in and saw that there was not table service and the place was difficult to walk around in so we walked out and went somewhere else that night.  The second experience was a take out order.  I walked in and was told that I could not place an order at the front and was told to walk around the restaurant to the other entrance and place an order there.  I wish I had been walked to that area, via the inside of the restaurant, and just been told that there was a separate entrance for take out orders so that I did not have to wait at the main entrance.  I ordered my meal and Rhonda was at the cashier station.  When I mentioned that I was from Tucson, AZ, she was even more welcoming and shared the history that she and Joe have with Tucson.  We exchanged business cards and they were both great and friendly.  The meal I took home was alright, nothing special but I thought I would try coming in and sitting down next time because the service format had changed and there was now table service.  Good idea.The third experience was when my boyfriend and I walked in and we were first seated at a table in the middle of the room.  No thank you, we asked for a more private booth and were seated in a more comfortable area.  We noticed that every table that came in the restaurant was offered the same "middle of the room table" that we were offered and they all turned it down as well.  Our server was a young woman who was    friendly and welcoming,  I ordered the Jasmine tea after asking her she would recommend it or not, she said, "I don't drink it so I don't know".  I ordered it anyways and it was good.  She came back with our drinks and then took our order.  For an appetizer we ordered the Feta Cheese and Olive dish.  The chunks of cheese were too large and numerous, the olives were on the plate where the juices ran all over.  They should have been in a small bowl and then put on the plate.  The olives were pitted too and that is a sign of an inferior taste, and the flavor was strong but inferior.  They tasted like cheap olives.  I ordered the roasted chicken with potatoes and rice.  When the dish came I was so surprised that I was served the Back Bone Cut of the Chicken.  Never in my life have I ever served or been served the Back Bone of a chicken.  There are many very small bones that come off of the vertebra and the meat is tender but the pieces are difficult to get to with a knife and fork.  That is a piece saved for the stock pot.   I sent it back and was given a huge breast which was dry and over seasoned.  The meal was so bad that I ate three bites and we paid the bill and left.  I realize that this is not fast food and it is not a 4 star establishment but the food was not good and the servers are not well trained.  Our server filled our glasses every time we took a sip and checked up on us every 2 minutes, the knives were sent back because they were dirty, the food was terribly prepared, served and when we gave feedback we were looked at like we had two heads.  On top of it, when Joe came to the table to apologize, I reminded him of our previous meeting and he must not have heard one word that I said because he just stared at me and then went on about the food.  I owned 4 restaurants for many years and I know what good service is, this was poor service and poor food.  When the owner meets a customer, it is important to remember them because even when the food  is off for the night, the customer will give you another try.  For me, three strikes and you are out and I have a story that I will share with friends now.
2	I was really hoping to love this place. A) I love Greek food, B), I am a big supporter of family run businesses and C) we have 2 locations very close to our house.But I was slightly disappointed.  The prices seem high, the service seems unfocused and overall, the food was just ok.  Nothing fantastic unfortunately.And one thing that I thought was highly weird is that the drink station is out in the open, like a fast food place.  I had waited for 5-8 minutes for our server to notice that my iced tea was nearing empty and ask if I needed a refill, but nothing.  So, I proceeded to get up myself and walk the 10 feet to the drink station directly across from our table to refill my drink and I was blocked by 2 different servers, who directed me to go sit back down and they would call my server over.  They were nice and friendly about it, but it was just weird to me.
4	This place has great Greek dishes, very authentic.  They do have foods for everyone, however Vegans beware as yogurt is used in a lot of dishes.  With that being said, if you leave this place hungry and unsatsfued, it's your own fault.Highly recommended...
5	We were sad to learn that the hole-in-the-wall location in the Centennial Center moved a little ways down the road, but we are happy for this family's success in opening a bigger location. The food here is always fresh and delicious.  The gyro meat is tender and flavorful, the hummus is creamy, and the pita is always fresh and hot. They have good tabbouleh and salads. The pumpkin soup is fantastic!  I have never had a bad meal here, and the family and staff is always so very nice.
4	If you love the fresh flavors of Greek food, this is the place!I had a meeting on the northwest side and when deciding where to go to lunch, my business partner and I wanted anything but a chain restaurant. We were then told about the Market Grille, which my business partner had eaten at their other location and said it was great! She was right! We ordered the combination appetizer platter and the Greek Trio Platter. I wanted to order a soup, however I was afraid it would be too much. Our waitress was kind and brought me two samples of their 5 soups. The pumpkin and cilantro. Wow both were delicious. If you could call the pumpkin soup light.. this was it. It had the texture of a warm mousse and great flavor of pumpkin and spice. If you like cilantro, the cilantro soup is for you.. Taste like a fresh garden in your mouth. Our meals came!  Wow, what a lot of food! The tabouli was fresh and bursting with all the flavors of parsley, tomatoes & lemon. The falafel was nice and spicy and the hummus was creamy. I have usually had hummus thicker, but this one had great flavor and on the soft warm pita bread it was delicious. The baba ganoush was not the most appealing to the eye, but the flavors were there, another great choice. It also comes with greek salad, which was flavorful and nice that the olives were pitted. On the Greek Trio platter, it included mousaka, spanakopita & patitsio. All three were tasty. The mousaka had the great taste of cinammon with the meat. I love the flavors of the meat brought out by the spices. The spanakopita was good, but a little chewy, same with the patitsio. Most likely these dishes are made ahead of time and portioned out and heated up when ordered. Ok, however if they were made fresh daily, their flavors would be even more amazing. The portion sizes were great, and the prices were great. When I'm getting a dish of a family recipe, it's worth the money! We had plenty of food to take home, so dessert was out of the question. Next time, I will order the pumpkin soup and try one of the many desserts!
5	I just love, love, their lunch time platters, very filling and the staff is always so pleasant! I can not tell you how happy I am that they moved closer to my house. I almost always have the same thing, Gyro with salad and rice plate, and love that they have their house wine of Barefoot! It makes for a fabulous afternoon with my BFFs!
5	I'm not sure how or why I avoided this place so long.   The name market grille didn't scream Greek food to me.  Oh what a fool I've been. The food is amazing!  I typically start out with a soup and their pumpkin mushroom does not disappoint.  The hint of cinnamon makes it memorable and a new standard for my visits.  Lunch specials are a great value. The pomegranate chicken is pretty good and I love the hummus.  Atmosphere is casual and the waitresses are very friendly with speedy and enjoyable service.   Best of las Vegas
5	We've been coming to Market Grill Cafe since they had only one location over by WalMart. Their food is fantastic!  My favorite is the avglomeno soup - a lemon chicken rice soup that is really tasty. The pasta salad is excellent as well. Try the Pomegranate Chicken in either the platter or gyro form - you won't regret it.
5	The chicken kabobs kick serious arse! Affordable, good service, quick!
4	Great food, great atmosphere, and great service. Wish I could have tried a dessert, but was so full from the appetizer and entree. My friend ordered the appetizer, not sure what it was called, but it was melted cheese in olive oil and came with pita bread. If your a cheese fan I highly suggest it. The atomsphere was nice and laid back, if it was a bit cooler outside would have liked to sit out on the patio.
5	The chicken kabob entree is my absolute favorite thing to order here.  You get:  1 kabob jam packed with marinated chicken, 1 kabob of marinated mixed vegetables, a huge side of rice pilaf, a heaping of greek salad, and hummus and pita chips.  Talk about bang for your buck!  The original lamb gyro is my second favorite thing to order here.Market Grille now has a waitstaff, which I am kind of disappointed in.  I felt the old system of ordering at the register, taking a number, and getting your own drink worked just fine.  Their customer service is superb, everyone is always very friendly and attentive.  Tip:  Occasional 15% off coupons for Market Grill inside of the Review Journal.
5	AMAZING BEYOND WORDS.... I will admit that it has taken me longer than it should have to eat at the Market Grille Cafe, and I am sorry it took so long.  Describing the food as incredible just does not do it enough justice.  There are very few places that I have eaten at over my 40+ years that serve food that has so much depth of flavor.  I started with the pumpkin mushroom soup and honestly, I could have just eaten that all day long.  Quite possibly the best soup I have ever had.  I then moved into the entree where I had the pomogranate chicken and it about knocked me out of my chair.  The chicken was so tender, moist and the flavor was intoxicating.  I honestly could have eaten like 10 chicken breasts cooked this way.  Wow, what an amazing treat.  Then to finish off the experience I had the baklava cheesecake.  I was told that this dessert won an award at a food competition and I do not doubt it at all.  It was as lucious as it gets.  What an amazing way to finish.  The experience was basically a food orgasm.  The Market Grille Cafe is a family owned business with two locations in town and the service and hospitality of ALL of the people that work there is just as impressive as the food.  The MGC has it all, atmosphere, hospitality, and most importantly incredible food.  If that was not enough the prices for the food are as economically friendly as it can be.  The MGC is very wallet friendly.  I do not know how they do it for so little but they do. I spend just as much or more for fast food and do not get anything close to this in quality.  I am a huge Gyro fan so my next visit I am definitely going to try one.  I saw someone else having one and asked how it was and they said it was outstanding and the best they ever had.  I cannot say I am surprised.  I urge all of my Yelpers out there to visit the Market Grille Cafe and enjoy the same amazing experience I had.  Run, don't walk and get yourself into the Market Grille Cafe.
4	Great fresh Greek food. A little pricey, but you definitely get what you pay for. The pomegranate chicken is great. Sweet and tangy, a very moist chicken breast.  Their traditional lamb and beef gyro is tasty. No surprises just simple and delicious. If you like soup get the avgolemono soup, it is creamy and refreshing, the combination of lemon, chicken, and rice is perfect. The baklava cheesecake is very decadent, a layer of cheesecake with a baklava crust, the best of both worlds. The only reason I'm not giving a five star is because of the to go wait time being a little too long sometimes.
5	I Love this place! My husband and I discovered it about 4 months back and at first we only ordered the traditional stuff like Spanakopita and a Gyro, but as time went on we decided to explore the menu as much as we could! Needless to say We've tried almost everything on the menu and have loved everything! And the wait staff really knows their stuff. If you're ever new, ask them to explain it ALL to you, and trust me they will! They've won Best In Las Vegas 4 years in a row! If thats not a pretty good feat for only having been open roughly 5 years I don't know what is. The environment is warm and friendly and if you ask about the specials you'll get really good deals!Lunch time specials are some of the best because you get your drink free if you order off the select items they have, which include the traditional gyro and pomegranate chicken salad. Dinner time appetizers are $1 off including domestic beers and House Wines (I'm a big barefoot moscato drinker and at 3$ a glass...heck yes!) Plus they have almost never ending coupons and deals going on! But make sure you ask for them or read the little Epoxy table tents! I've found coupons on there where between 9-10pm you get all gyros for only 5 bucks!!!! And on top of the frequent diners card (10$ off for every 100 spent) the 15, 20, and 25% coupons you can find in your newspapers, LV Mags, AND ON THE BACKS OF YOUR RECEIPTS IN SMITHS/VONS you can't go wrong! Who wouldn't want their Gyro 20% off with their drink free? I know I would! Plus you can always add things to your meals like add on skewers or a side of roasted potatoes!I honestly don't know what people are thinking when they say they dislike the place or its tacky. Its a family owned business, they're not a corporate type of company where the service and food are mediocre. When my husband and I have dined in, every waiter/waitress we've had has been extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and they're always smiling and are always genuinely happy to have you there. Its like one giant family all around where the owner and his wife will gladly stop by and make you feel like you've known them for years. The only thing I can say to those who have had bad experiences, GO BACK WITH OPEN MINDS and stop being tacky and over-critical. You don't come to the Market Grille Cafe for fine dining full of stuck up snobs, you come here to kick back, relax, and enjoy yourself, ESPECIALLY with some Saganaki (flaming cheese) and some beer. TALK to your wait staff, and let them blow your mind with everything they have to offer. Joe and Rhonda Pierro, thank you again for all you have offered my husband and I the past few months and how gracious you all are. We really appreciate your hospitality, you're kindness, and I will see you all TOMORROW :)
5	This place was DEE_LICIOUS!The wait staff was very attentive, with the owner coming over several times to check in on us. We had the fried cheese with brandy and split a mediterannean plate and finished up with the pumpkin baklava. Trust me...we will definitely be back!!
4	It took us forever to try this place but I am glad we did! The service has always been excellent and the food consistently good. Their lunch special is awesome and it goes every day of the week which is a plus! My favorite menu items are:Gyros: I've had the chicken, traditional and the fillet (steak). The fillet is my favorite but they were all good! Get the dill yogurt sauce!Soup and Salad Combo: Greek salad and lentil soup. I am on a quest to figure out the recipe for this lentil soup. It is delicious. The salad takes a back seat to the soup but it has always been fresh and tasty.Hummus: Spinach Basil and the Roasted Red Pepper. They are both fantastic! They serve it with warm, fresh pita bread and it is difficult to not want to eat it all before your meal even arrives!Fries: These were good, but Paymon's are better. I was surprised that they did not seem as "home made" as the other menu items. The seasoning is alright and the dipping sauce is good. I usually just stick to ordering hummus as our appetizer though. The only thing I have ordered and didn't care for was the falafel. And I think that was more my personal taste preference then incorrect preparation.Desserts: Baklava cheesecake. Need I say more? The pumpkin version is wonderful as well.Honey Walnut Cake: Super moist, not overly sweet. Kind of like a coffee cake/spice cake? We loved it. Ya Yas Cookies: Would be great with hot tea. Kind of like a short bread cookie. If you just want something a little sweet and not overly filling, give these a try! My family has tried other dished and loved them (stuffed bell peppers, moussaka etc) but I am sticking to what I have personally eaten and enjoyed :)I am really pleased that they opened this location in the North end of town where I sometimes feel we are lacking quality restaurants. We go here several times a month (sometimes more!!). If you're in the Northwest part of the valley, give them a try!
4	My co-workers and I often go to the Market Grille for lunch. My favorite item on the menu is the Greek Salad. All the ingredients are fresh and tasty. The only dis-like's I have about the Market Grille are the following: the price they charge to add meat to a salad and also how they recently stopped offering a discount for LVAC members.
5	What a treat! Not just excellent food at reasonable prices but a wonderful staff as well.The restaurant is spacious and clean. The staff are friendly without being overbearing. The food, we had a  traditional and chicken gyro and a lamb skewer,was well proportioned and tasted great. I have to give 5 stars to the coffee as  well!It was nice to eat at a nice restaurant where everyone was enjoying themselves. We met the owner, Joe, and complimented him as well. We highly recommend this Northwest valley restaurant as a great place to go and in case you need it, they had a nice size banquet room in back.
5	Two weeks into a three week trip out west and finally have had an outstanding meal. I literally could have ordered anything on the menu. The mushroom-pumpkin soup was really tasty (my wife gave me but one spoonful). Lentil soup was superb. Would order the pomegranate chicken again if I did not want to someday try the whole menu. Alas, we live in PA, just a little too far for dinner and a movie. If this place was close to home we would be there all the time. The very friendly owner came by to chat twice during our meal. This is a family owned business: she is Greek, hubby the chef is Italian. Decor is simple and immaculately kept.Oh yes, don't leave without eating the pumpkin cheesecake.
5	I probably would have never came here due to me having no desire to try Greek food. But my friend made me, and let me tell you. It was not a mistake. I may not get the most "authentic" of Greek food when I'm here. My meal usually consist if the chicken skewers, but those skewers are delicious. The rice and salad that goes along with the dish is perfection. Love it! I've tried the gyros among other before and all of it was good. Give this place a shot if you haven't. The service is really well and every time I go the wait staff is very nice and accommodating.
4	This place gets four stars for having a dessert that incorporates three of my favorite things... Pumpkin Pie, Baklava and Cheesecake. AH-MAY-ZING!!!I have to admit that I am a dimwit when it comes to Greek food. I can't tell the difference between what is authentic and what is commercialized. I do, however, know good food, and Market Grille fits the bill.My husband ordered the Pomegranate Chicken Gyro and I got the Traditional Gyro. We both liked the Pomegranate Chicken one better but both meats were tender and delicious. The pita bread was warm and toasty.I wish I had ordered more food to try. I would like to try the Gyro Pizza or some other authentic Greek items that I cannot pronounce. The restaurant is huge and looks like a good place for large gatherings. There is a nice patio area where you can dine. The service was quick, friendly and efficient.If anything, definitely go here for the Pumpkin Baklava Cheesecake!
3	We eat here about once a month.  The service is always good.  Much of the food is mediocre.  The salad is always too finely chopped.  The gyros are a frozen product and not a very good one at that.  The hummus is watered down.  Mousaka and spanakopita are both pretty good.
4	I love that this place is a family owned restaurant. Wife and I tried the Trio platter so that we could sample several different things. We also had a traditional gyro. Everything tasted quite good. Well we both agreed it's not something we will eat every time we' re in town but we will go back.
3	Good for a quick bite if you've been shopping in the area but don't expect a lot.  The service is great.  The restaurant could use a little added warmth in decor.  The food is average but well priced.  I would not drive put of my way to go there but I wouldn't drive by if I was hungry
5	Was excited when I had business on the NW side of town, because I knew I was going to be back here, and glad I did.. It did not disappoint!3 great words! Pumpkin Mushroom Soup! Craving it now... Silky souffle type soup with pieces of mushrooms. Not heavy, just right! Stuffed grape leaves - delicious! I also tried the greek meatballs which were tender and a tangy sauce to dip them in, however good on their own. Will be back when on that side of town! Hands down the best greek food in town..
5	Love this place! Food and service are always great, cheesecake is delicious :)
4	Excellent food...OMG - I never knew pomegranate on chicken was even a possibility nevermind how freakin delicious it is!!! I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't so far from home. But I will definitely go back when I'm on that side of town!
4	Yep! I'm back because I am a fan, especially of 3 words on their menu! Pumpkin Mushroom Soup! If you like pumpkin with flavor.. you will love this soup... Drove all the way across town to have a cup. Met my expectations! Then I decided to order something different and simple... of course, a gyro! It looked delicious, a generous pile of meat, lettuce, tomato, onion with cucumber sauce all wrapped up in pita bread!  The pita bread was soft, warm and tasted great. Unfortunately the meat had no seasoning which resulted in no flavor. A few too many diced onions for my taste. Ok to eat, but I have had better. This is the first thing I have ever ordered here that I didn't like.. But that won't stop me from coming back! The service is great! Rose greets you at the door as though you are coming into your home and a server immediately greets you! If you have a question about the menu, everyone is very knowlegable about all the dishes The food is always served hot and tastes great!Even though I didn't like my gyro, I will soon drive across town again for the Pumpkin Mushroom Soup and something else I have not tried yet on the menu!
4	Good food but for some reason I prefer going to the Lake Mead location. The food seems to taste better and the atmosphere is a bit more welcoming as well.
5	I think the best way to describe this place is consistent, fresh and clean eating. Nothing here is overly greasy, everything feels light enough that this isn't your guilty meal spot. If you have dietary restrictions or are gluten free, vegan, etc, they are very accommodating. There aren't many places up here I would say you could eat fresh, and this is a nice solitude. This used to be in the Centennial shopping in a small space, but they've upgraded to a sit down service restaurant just up the road. I much prefer it here since you're not bumping chairs with the table behind you. I didn't mind getting up to get my own drink and all before, but now they have servers here which makes sense for the space.I have tried a few things on the menu, but I normally get the same things. With entrees you can go a la carte with just rice or a combo has with salad, pita and tzatziki or hummus. Their rice is seasoned and soft, the hummus is more liquidy and plainer than I like but I do like their tzatziki. Pomegranate chicken is always cooked right and juicy. Greek Trio has moussaka, patstitsio, spanakopita. I think overall those are decent versions, but moussaka is my favorite of the 3.Gyro plate/Vasilios plate gyros are soft and never dried out, comes with rice, salad, pita, tzatziki and hummus already. Gyro pizza is different, but good! Think of it as like a open faced gyro sandwich with tomato sauce as a base.  Combination platter is a appetizer but makes for a good vegetarian meal too with hummus, babaganoush, salad, lots of pita, and some falafel. I think their falafel here is just okay, they are sort've dense when I prefer a fluffier and moist inside.Their cheesecake here is surprisingly good. They do a baklava crust instead of graham cracker so that little bit does it over the top. I get the pumpkin cheesecake usually. Baklava is decent, but not my favorite in town. People who work here are pretty friendly and generally attentive. It's a  family owned business and I like to support our locals.
4	One of my family's favorite restaurants for Mediterranean Food in Vegas.  We used to live nearby, so now when we visit we have to drop by and have one of our fav's.  It's cheap, convenient, and fast.  We enjoy these dishes:Greek Salad, $5.95Combo Platter Appetizer (Hummus, Tabouli, Babaganoush, Greek Salad, Dolmades, Falafel), $10.95Spanakopita, $8.25Traditional Gyro, $7.75All of the food is very good and authentic.  This place can get very busy during peak lunch and dinner hours.  We like to go later than normal so we can find a seat and enjoy our meal.  It's also great to order it to go if you don't feel like dining in.Return Factor - 90%
5	Food is fantastic as is the service. Go at least once a month.
2	This place had an off day today. Have had plenty of good meals here and one of my favorite dishes is the Pomegrante Chicken. I had to depart the place this time without eating cause the previously mentioned chicken was nearly ice cold. I opted for the refund because the chicken also seemed a tad soft. There was only one cook, but it was just after the lunch rush - still unusual and no OPA's. Hope they get back on track.
4	This is a really good Greek restaurant with great prices and wonderful desserts. It used to have a fast food look and they recently converted to a full sit down restaurant which I think was a great idea.
5	Altogether a fabulous experience.  From the friendly and professional waitstaff to the beautiful atmosphere to the food, this is a great place to eat at - or takeout food.  I had the pumpkin mushroom soup (AMAZING!), pumpkin baklava cheesecake (pumpkin cheesecake with baklava chips on it and crust - OH MY!), the vegetable skewers and veg-a-nini (lots vegetables - great for vegetarians and vegans).  Also, the owner is always there and says hi, which is nice.  I can't wait to try it again!
4	Wish we had one of these back in CT. Truly delicious greek/Med food at great prices.Souvlaki was excellent - the flaming cheese was good too.  service was informative and friendly.
5	I absolutely love this place.  I've never ordered something that wasn't delicious!  The stuffed tomatoes are wonderful, I love the stuffed grape leaves, the pomegranite chicken is amazing, the baklava cheesecake is delicious.  My daughter has to do gluten free so I invited her here and she was delighted to see that they have a great GF menu.  My husband is a vegetarian and they also had a vegetarian menu. I keep trying other places in the area but always come back here because the food is so good.  I love the decor, the wine and the bar.  The service has always been outstanding and I wish I had taken the servers names so I could post them but I forgot.  But they've all been good.  This is always my favorite local place to go and I'll go back again and again.
5	If you have read any of my other reviews then you know I am all about family owned, non-chain restaurants, so it is no surprise that I liked this place. My mom and I both ordered the pomegranate chicken, myself the entree and her the salad. The food was awesome, the server was very informative and finally, what takes the cake, is Rhonda, the owner, coming over to thank us for trying out her restaurant. Class act, check it out!!!
5	This is a favorite amongst almost every local I've met. The pumpkin baklava cheesecake is the best desert around. Pomegranate chicken is a taste that can't be matched anywhere else. Offers a 10% military discount with ID & has call ahead to-go.
4	We got off the freeway passing by Las Vegas and found the perfect lunch spot. This is the outback steakhouse of Greek Food, meant in a totally positive way! Terrific and fun decor, friendly staff and wonderful food.  We had lamb slouvaki Gyros, scrumptious. Owners and staff were welcoming and very friendly. Very clean restaurant. Recommended!!
4	Excellent, and a great neighborhood eatery sans the ridiculous prices that keep locals away from many Vegas area restaurants. We had the Greek Trio Platter and the Pomegranate Chicken. Both were great.
4	I really do like going here or ordering out. All I have is the Greek salad. I wish I could figure out the dressing recipe, I swear I could drink it! I have had the gyros and few other things too. Everything on the menu is fresh and tasty. Also the service is friendly too. They play a lot of Greek music, so be ready to get your full Greek experience on. They also yell "Opah!" a lot, which is cool. If you want something fresh and Greek, go here. They have vegan and gluten free menus too, which I find helpful.
5	Great Greek food, happy hour is a real bargain
5	Great spot and this is from a real Greek.  Menu is well thought out and full of choices.  I had the mousaka which was very good maybe a bit over spiced.  My friend had the pomegranate chicken which I tried and was also really good.  Good touches with the dishes as small pieces of pita and hummus are included in the entrees. Try the Retsina wine which has pine raisin in it and is only found in Greece.  The rest of the group liked their food also and came out satisfied.  The server was polite and accomondanding. The prices were reasonable.  The place can handle large groups and has free wifi.  Will be coming back!
5	Went back for  a second time and liked it just as well.  I ordered the trio combo entree which was very good.  If you're not familiar with all the dishes, this one is good to get a sample of pastichio, mousaka and spanakopita (spinach pie).  Friendly staff and nice environment with outdoor seating
5	New favorite Greek place. Ordered Saganaki, hummus, pita bread, 2 baby gyros, a gyro platter, pomegranate chicken, cannoli, and yia yia's cookies. The owner came to our table every 15 minutes making sure everything was okay. Place is super clean and everything is super positive. At the end of our order we got a 15% coupon for our next visit.  Can't wait to come back. Super reasonable too!
4	Good food, good tea, good service.
5	Consistently a good, locally owned restaurant.  My wife and I have really enjoyed eating here, and everybody who we bring from out of town has not been disappointed.  The traditional hero and pomegranate chicken are always good. If you are feeling like dessert, the baklava crust on their cheesecake is amazing.
4	The pomegranate chicken is AMAZING. I love the greek salad and substitute the lamb meat for pomegranate chicken. The original hummus and pita bread is also delicious. Great place for greek food!  I've been here a bunch and quality of service has varied each time. Once the waitress forgot to put our food in until we finally said something about the extra long wait. Other times the service has been great with no complaints!
5	10 million stars!!! What a little gem of a place! Finger lickin food, wonderful ambience, friendly wait staff, family-run establishment......what else does one want? Oh and did I mention the food was all kinds of heaven?! I had the Greek Trio entree.....it was beyond perfection. A sampler plate of moussaka, spanakopita and pastitso on a bed of fragrant basmati rice with salad, pita and humus. It's a good sized meal and I near stuffed myself! The hubby had a wrap which he said was ok, not enough meat. He 'helped' me with my trio ;) Our 5yr old had the pomegranate chicken with rice which he polished off with some butter. For dessert the hubby had canoli which was ok and I had the baklava cheesecake which was also ok. The owner Joe stopped by our table to say hello which was nice. Grandmother is the hostess.....very charming. Phillip from Texas was our server and he was super friendly. Only downside it's about 20 miles from homebut that's not gonna keep us away! Best Greek food in town hands down!
4	Solid 4 star stuff here, love the greek, not the best I ever had, but damn its so close I do it often due to convenience and service, price is good, not cheap, but thats why its better than a 3 star cheap gyro place, its got the specialties, like rolled grape leaves, the grilled meats, and cucumber sauces...get some...yum yum , get in my tum tum...mmmmm....licking chops thinking about it....slurp!  solid
4	Simple and good food and very fair prices - love eating here.
4	Really love this place.  A favorite in the Centennial Hills area.
3	The restaurant is beautiful.  The staff is super friendly.  The food was ok.  I ordered the mousaka entree and it was dry.  The baklava was hard and all I could taste was cinnamon.
3	Had the Saganaki, Platos potatoes, & Falafel Gyro was very good and the service was alright. I would go back.
2	This was our friends' suggestion for dinner.  Having been to the Lake Mead location, we thought it would be okay, but it was a big disappointment.All four of us ordered the Greek Trio Platter - Spanakopita, Pastitsio, and Moussaka, which included a small Greek salad and a tiny cup of hummus on the plate, along with baby-sized pita triangles.  The spinach pie was sorely lacking in spinach, and didn't even look attractive.  The meat in the other two items was ground so fine that it was like a paste.  I guess it's hard to avoid overcooking the macaroni in the pastitsio, since it's boiled, then baked, then reheated, but this was mush.  The pastitsio and moussaka were sorely lacking in flavor and seasoning, and the hummus was watery and tasteless.  Even the Greek salad, which I'm not a big fan of, since I don't love feta and always find the dressing too sharp for my taste, had a balsamic dressing that was too bland.It's been a very long time since that meal at the Lake Mead branch, and since then I've had many wonderful dinners at other Greek restaurants.  This one just didn't measure up.
4	Yummy... Everytime I go to Vegas (which is every other weekend), I stop by the Market Grille Cafe. The Gyros are great, especially the Gyro Salad... The service is excellent and the atmosphere is cozy.
5	Best Greek food I've had in years. The pumpkin mushroom soup is to die for! Everything I've had here has been at least above-average, but mostly great. Lots of vegetarian options. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was their taziki...it tasted different. Not bad, just different. Service is impeccable...even the manager checks on us. Prices are extremely reasonable. Love Love Love this restaurant!
5	My husband and I take visiting guests here as it's close to our house. I don't think we've ever had anything bad here. The sampler platter is good, and the gyros are delicious too. My favorite item is the spanikopita; I get this frequently at Greek restaurants, and this is one of the best renditions of it that I have tasted.
5	We have been here a bunch of times.  I've never had a bad meal and always had great service. I usually get the gyro platter. My wife mixes it up when we go. You'll be happy you went.
5	Come eat, come often. The food is fresh, tasty and wonderful. The service is excellent as well.
2	The staff was super friendly and the restaurant has a nice ambience, but the sagnaki and gyros were not very good. I prefer a pillowy pita, these were thin and dry. The rice was also dry and the salad was bitter. The sagnaki cheese was overwhelmed by the taste of liquor.
5	First time here and probably not the last. Except for the long long introduction the waitress is made to do, this place is fantastic!
4	Hooray for having Greek food in NW Las Vegas! Market Grille is tasty, and I love that we can do take-out. My husband loves their gyros and basmati rice; I love the spanakopita and their Greek salad is wonderful. The dressing is a pregnancy craving! I was not impressed with the pomegranate chicken; it tasted over-marinated, and almost mealy texture-- while many may rave about it, I don;t think I would order it again. Do, however, order the traditional baklava or the Aphrodite cheesecake, and you won;t be disappointed!
5	Great, the boba was fresh and taste, service excellent, price and portions outstanding.  Even better deal is go for happy hour 1/2 hors d'oeuvre and wine afternoon mon-fri.
5	I will DEFINITELY come here again!! Solidly-unpretentious-yet-pleasant atmo, excellent Greek/Mediterranean food, and super-reasonable prices. Everything is made fresh onsite by awesomely surly Greek studs who mutter "OPA!" with phoned-in enthusiasm whenever someone puts a tip in the jar. But I don't care how surly those motherfuckers are -- they make some BOMB-ASS food!On my first visit, I had saganaki (a/k/a flaming fried cheese), lentil soup (!!!) and a pomegranate chicken wrap. Everything was EXCELLENT! My friend also had soup and a gyro platter, and the total was around $45. I came back another time and had chicken kabobs or something...don't remember exactly what, but I do remember it being DELICIOUS and amazing!
3	I must say staff and ambience are great. This is my third time eating here. The gyro had potential, let's keep it at that. The Gyro is almost $8 for one. I found the gyro to have a big pita bread and not enough protein, making the gyro dry. The chicken Gyro needs more chicken and the chicken could use seasoning. I found it bland. The rice is amazing! The Greek salad was wilted and had a very sour taste. In my opinion is should be tossed in the dressing fresh every order. The cheesecake is really delicious here! I attended a banquet here as well and I really enjoyed the food when they served it banquet style. The way they serve a banquet is on point. I hope they make improvements. I'd like to come back, I like that is family owned.
4	The Mrs. had been hounding me for a while to try this place. That, coupled with a recommendation from my Yelp mentor and I found myself dining at the Market Grille Cafe. Great decision. The atmosphere was friendly with light music playing in the background. Our waitress, Nicole, was very helpful and friendly. She recommended the flaming cheese as an appetizer. Good call. Very unique and tasty. I opted for the Pomegranate Chicken as my entree. It was tender and juicy with plenty of flavor. The greek salad was fresh, the rice was cooked to perfection and the hummus and pita bread was a nice touch. The portion sizes left us stuffed, without room for dessert. Dinner for two with an appetizer was right around $45 including the tip. I will definitely return.
5	First of all...I DON'T EAT VEGETABLES!  With that said...Their Pomegranate Chicken Spinach Salad was PHENOMENAL.  It had the perfect compliment of flavors...feta cheese, pomegranate drizzle dressing, chicken, and spinach.  A MUST on their menu.  The staff was friendly, professional, timely, and personable.  The ambiance was relaxing and the music offered a quaint Mediterranean feel.  A RE-DO!!!!
5	I eat here at least once a week. The atmosphere and staff is great. I love the food. The portion size and price you can't beat. Even if I wanted to do take it the portion is still the same. Love it love it love it.
5	This place is the cleanest place in town. Family ran and ran the best! The array of items to chose from make it my local favorite! Rose is always there to greet you with a beautiful Italian smile. The roots are so deep here as if you are a part of the family.
3	Not bad for the price but def had a lot going on inside. I'm used to really really great Greek food so maybe I'm bias. Just wasn't up to the "best Greek" food name as I was hoping.
1	Ordered some food tonight for pick up and was not impressed. I decided to call my order in so it would be ready when i got there. Although the guy who took my order was nice, I had to repeat my order twice and had to correct him when he read it back to me and was missing an item. Of course when I got there it was still wrong. I ordered 3 gyro sandwiches, 1 gyro platter, large order of platos potatoes (seasoned fries)  and some cheesecake. I received only 3 gyros so I was missing one. This was what I kept telling the guy over the phone that I wanted 3 gyros PLUS the platter but he still didn't get it. Oh well he didn't charge me for it and I didn't want to wait longer for them to make it so I just left with what I had.The gyro was gross the meat was cold, very dry and flavorless. We asked for the cucumber sauce on the side and it came in 1oz cups. Same with the hummus that comes w/ the platter and the sauce that comes with the large order of fries. Reallly 1oz??? It makes me angry to pay 8.00 for a sandwich and get a little cup of sauce. Gyro time is way better for gyros if that's what your looking for do not waste your time here! I did enjoy the aphrodite cheesecake which is why the 1 star but everything else from the food to the service was crappy.
1	This place is honestly so bad. My self my girlfriend and her mom came in and we ordered three dishes , once we got home and began eating, mine was cold and very distasteful, my girlfriends was burnt, and my girlfriends moms was terrible all around. We called and asked for a refund. They said sorry but no refunds we can only make you another of what you've bought.
5	It's my brother in laws 37 th bday and we all head to his favorite Resturant . The Greek food here was amazing. Just like in Europe . The service waiter was great. Party of 7 of us. Reservations recommend . This Resturant has a patio with water fountains and the whole Greek Italian music playing. Try everything it's so good.
5	I cannot believe I have never checked this place out before!  The decor is great, and the food and service are amazing. My wife had the Pomegranate Chicken entree and I had the Stuffed Tomatoes entree. They were both excellent, and served to us very quickly. We will certainly be back again!
5	In two words: Fresh and flavorful. This is by far my favorite Mediterranean restaurant in Vegas. Service is always fast and friendly. The chicken skewer entree, stuffed peppers, pumpkin cheesecake, and cannoli are some of my favorites. Their entree meals are very fulfilling and reasonably priced too; included with the entree of choice you get pita with hummus, Greek salad, and rice pilaf. Plus they use fresh ingredients with lots of herbs and spices for flavor. It's one of my go to take out spots.
5	YUMMY!  Can't wait to go back.  I just had the chicken gyro today because I wasn't very hungry but it was DELISH! I can't wait to try other items on the menu.
4	My options are limited being a gluten-free eater.  They gave a solid selection, including GF pasta.  I had the Greek salad with grilled chicken.  Yummy!  In addition, I had the Hummus apoetizer.  A little too spcey, but tasty.My bro had the pumpkin soup.  Whoa! I could smell the cinammon aroma, big time.  He said it was wonderful.Looking forward to taking my husband, he loves greek food
4	so I was at their durango location and they were closed. on the quest to find greek. we then checked out our usualy greek spot which was also closed. Being that it is Easter it was no surprise. we then found out that this location was open, thank goodness. We went and was seated immediately and was greated very nicely. We were then told of all the dishes and what was in them and how they were prepeared. I had the greek trio and my lady had the pomegranate chicken. I will admit that the greek trio was good. I could tell that the food had been prepared and was reheated to be served but still had thatgood flavor. my lady's dish was great!! the pomegranate chicken was so tender and was surprisingly sweet, not overpowering but it was done very nicely! we also had the saganaki for an appetizer and it was so good! The seared cheese with the lemon and brandy was awesome. They also have happy hour where the saganaki was for $6!! This place has a very nice atmosphere, friendly and knowledgeable staff, and great food! Will be back for sure!
5	I've never had a bad experience at any of the Market Grille Cafe locations.The staff is always friendly and the food is always great.  I usually get a gyro plate, but the pomegranate chicken is delicious as well.Also, save room for dessert, or order some to go, because the baklava cheesecake is AMAZING.
5	A taste of fresh sure to make any skeptic a believer!I was put onto Market Fresh from a friend who would show up to work with leftovers. He preferred market fresh over the alternative "to-go" locations conveniently located on the Durango/Centennial Las Vegas drive-by.Greek and Mediterranean style cuisine, family owned and operated with a knack for adding a flavorful twist to some well-known, basic recipes. My first meal, a chicken salad, was superb and left me with a twitch in my pallet for more. I intend on making this a frequent stop as I also venture to stay active and healthy!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in northwest Vegas!!! I love it.  My favorite is the traditional gyro with the lentil soup!  I also would probably donate a limb for their baclava!  It is the best I have ever eaten!! My favorite apps are the flaming cheese (saganaki) and the humus is also great. I come here ALL THE TIME!!!
5	We had a very special group of Midwives, Doula's and Lactation Consultants who came together to welcome one of our own to Las Vegas, Barbara Harper, the founder of Waterbirth International. It was a very special dinner, and we are all so glad we chose MGC for our event. Not only was the food delicious, and the service stellar (Thank you Robert!!!), but we were there chatting and enjoying the conversation well past closing, and not even once did we feel rushed or pushed to leave. We chose the 7070 N. Durango location for our gathering. We had a fantastic and relaxing time and so enjoyed catching up and breaking bread together. Thank you Market Grille Cafe! OPA!
4	Excellent service, fresh food, and delicious desserts! They have affordable lunch prices and their portions are good. Their banaganoush is one of the best. I get their stuff to-go a lot when on the way to a pot-luck and I don't have time to cook myself.
4	We're back and this time we came just for dinner. Driving from Cali to Nevada and where we go for dinner ??.... Here. We came back to visit my family again and we said we have to come back to this place. This time we all switched up on the entrees. Pita bread served with all meals and we tried the minestrone soup and the Greek salad extra feta cheese with hummus . Try the Greek sauce and fries . Service is quick and the waitress was friendly .
2	I eat a lot of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern food, it's probably one of my favorite cuisines. I had this place bookmarked forever, but I never get up to this area, so after a hike at Mt. Charleston, it was the perfect time to stop in. I was craving kabob and a Greek salad, I couldn't decide which to order, salmon or filet kabob, our waitress explained that I could order one of each and it would be the same price as the entree, which was $12.95. I went with that. I receive my salad first, it had good flavor and all my favorites in a typical Greek salad. My entree comes out. I taste the basmati rice, bland, no flavor. I moved onto the hummus & pita. The hummus was ok, but my pita was basically store bought pita bread sliced into triangles. Another let down. So then I try the salmon, it was so dry and Inedible. Last thing, the filet kabob, again no flavor at all. I NEVER salt my food, this needed it terribly, I ended up using the hot sauce on the table to give it some flavor. When the bill comes, I notice she charges me $12.95 plus $6.95 for a "side" kabob. This is not how she explained this to me. This meal was terrible and not worth $5, let alone $20.Calling this place a Greek restaurant is like calling Carrabba's Italian food. Never again.
4	My family and I dined here on a whim, seeing as we have just moved into the neighborhood. We started with the Saganaki appetizer, which was served with warm pita bread and was absolutely amazing! All of the food came out in a timely fashion.  My husband and I both ordered the steak kabobs which came with basmati rice, a Greek salad and a side of pita bread with hummus. The meat was lacking in flavor for me, but my husband said his was fantastic so maybe I just got a batch that hadn't marinated long enough. We ended with a rice pudding for dessert which was pretty mushy and definitely not the best that I've had.Overall the service was wonderful and the food was good. I will definitely go back to try other things on their menu. The saganaki itself is worth returning for.
3	I've eaten here many times, multiple locations. Usually pretty good, but definitely not my favorite.  I had the $7.95 lunch special which included your choice of a lunch entree and a side...my choice was the traditional falafel sandwich with a Greek salad on the side. It was good. The hummus trio looked great, but wasn't as tasty. The best part of the meal was the baklava cheesecake.  The bill came to $34 for two people for lunch. I know I'll be back, but I don't think I'll be a regular here.
2	Tried it, and it was terrible.  I lived in a country with a large Greek population and this was not really Greek food, more infused with American.  I ordered the gyros platter as did the rest of the family.  The pita bread was rubbery and plastic.  The contents had absolutely no flavor and had no sauce inside.  I have had gyros before and they have all been tasty and oozing with sauce.  I usually eat anything, but this I did not eat, it was cold.  Took the meat contents out and gave to the dogs when we got home.  Rice was cooked to perfection but  was bland and tasteless.  Salad was good though.  Service was friendly and quick, but that was because there was only a few people there, which is unusual for a Friday.
5	Never had Greek food before. It was pretty good. The waitress was such a sweet girl. We told her it was our first time and she really made sure we understood the food and enjoyed our time there. 5 stars were thanks to her.
5	Excellent Food. Excellent Service. I ordered food to go, and one very kind employee offered us a sample of all their soups while we waited for our order. Doesn't get any better than that! ;)
2	In search of a good Greek place in the northwest and decided to try this chain. Everything on the menu is a bit pricey. The food was okay but I was in search of a more authentic Greek place.  So far the fat Greek off flamingo and decatur is the best around.
5	The food is amazing and fresh! Staff is friendly and service is always good. I can't even count how many times I've eaten here and I have never been disappointed. It's hard to save room for dessert but it's worth it if you can. :)
1	I came here thinking the food was going to be decent from all these good reviews from fellow yelpers. I've come to the conclusion that every yelper from North Vegas has really bad taste in food or they're stuck in an area with atrocious food and they THINK places like this is actually good.I started my meal with Falafels. Incredibly salty. They pressed the idea that everything is homemade at their location. Why isn't the chef or the cooks tasting any of the food before they're sent out? Don't order this unless you like making funny faces because the salt is overwhelming.I ordered the filet tenderloin wrap and my date ordered a chicken skewer a la carte. My wrap was pretty bland and had barely any pieces of meat. It was mostly filled with carbs. My date's chicken skewer was dry. The best thing that came out of the kitchen was the vegetable skewer that came with the chicken skewer. If you want to get a really good chicken skewer, go to Crazy Pita. If you want some fresh falafels that are truly made to order fresh, go to Sababa's on Durango / Desert Inn. This place sucks. Wont come back. Haven't found a decent place to eat in North Vegas yet......... Running out of options ....
5	We just get the hummus and the gyros everytime because they're so good. Love the punch cards! Reminds me to come in and I'm never sad about that.
1	This is the worst Gyro sandwich I have ever had and Greek Food is one of my favorites!! The meat lacked any flavor at all and the sauce was very bland.  Very disappointed and it was very expensive for a gyro sandwich!! The Gyros at Gyro Time tastes better then this place and that's not a good thing considering Gyro time is a fast food place!! Will not be going back! The people next to me had the lemon chicken and didn't finish their meal (more then half of the food was still on their plate and the whole time they were next to me waiting for their food they were complaining that they were starving and kept wondering what was taking so long for the food to come out). My Gyro Sandwich took 25 mins to come out!!
5	I eat there often and the food is always good! This particular time I had the lamb and it was incredible and cooked perfectly! We ALWAYS have to get the pumpkin baklava cheesecake! It is amazing! Attended a large group meeting there and the service was excellent! We stayed at least 1.5 hrs past closing and it was an hour after closing before we even knew they were already closed and that was because we asked! There was no pushing by the staff for us to leave and our server even took photos of our group for us when we were saying our good-byes! Best time I've had as a group at a restaurant! THANK YOU!
5	Pomegranate Chicken is amazing!  Service is consistently good.   I have been here several times. Not sure what the other reviewers are complaining about. They are definitely reasonably priced.Other menu options are also good too!The only thing extremely annoying is the music playing on the televisions repeating all of the food items over and over. I cannot stand that!
5	Best geek restaurant in Vegas I've been thus far, their moussaka is the closest to the one you'd get in Greece!
4	Food and service were great. I think we already know what we are going to try the next time we visit.
5	The gyros are to die for. And the pita and hummus is out of this world. If you do carry out the orders are always ready quickly usually in under 10 minutes. The staff is always so nice and polite and always ask if you need anything extra with your order. Definitely recommend them.
4	My husband and I came to dinner here one night because no other restaurant around it was open at the time. We are really glad we ended up here. The service was great and the food was delicious. I also may mention that their prices are very affordable!
5	I am updating my review. Salad is now tossed fresh, no more wilted greens. The chicken to pita ration is on point. I had no complaints. Very delicious.
5	We love it here! The servers are very friendly and are always happy to answer questions and offer suggestions. The atmosphere is nice and they have outdoor seating for when the weather is right. The watermelon salad is delicious and refreshing (possibly seasonal so don't miss out) Gyro plate is always tasty and the skewers (salmon, filet, salmon) are my personal favorites. I liked the few things I've tried so much that I haven't really had a chance to explore the rest of the menu. Oh well, there's always next time.
2	Called in here a few nights ago for some additives for the dinner I was making. I've ordered from here before and was pleased. But this time I got a large hummus and 3 skewers of chicken. Shouldn't be too expensive right? $27 later... No one was impressed with the humus at all, it was thin and watery. Overall the staff is very friendly and the place is always packed. I'm all about bang for my buck but this time it was just more of a bust. Sorry I'll take the drive to downtown freemont at Cous Cous Cafe where $27 will go a lot further for better food.
5	We have been here several times. The food is awesome. We always go for the Pomegranate chicken or moussaka. And the pumpkin cheesecake rocks! Also, although it's seasonal, the tiramisu cheesecake is heavenly!!!!!!
4	Finally I have found a good place to go to when I'm craving Mediterranean food. I ordered the classic gyro (lamb meat) and got it in a platter which included a salad, rice, and hummus with pita bread. The salad was small and tasty. Not sure what the dressing was but it was light and slightly sweet. I love hummus and theirs is very good. The rice and gyro were delicious and had a lot of meat. The only problem with the gyro is it didn't have enough sauce for me (but I like a good amount on my gyros.) Definitely go with the yogurt dill sauce on the gyro. It's a nice family owned restaurant with an overall pleasant atmosphere. It was so nice out that night that my boyfriend and I ate in the outside patio area. It's very cute and romantic. I'll be back soon to try more of the menu.
4	One of the best Greek food place I've ever tried. The only thing is that every time I go their filet kabob with rice plate tastes different. Almost as though they don't follow a recipe to the tee. Other than that the food is awesome. Food portion is perfect. They allow you to substitute items with no charge which is a huge plus. The filet kabob if ordered medium comes out tender. Rice, I'm not a fan off and that's because I grew up eating Japanese rice.
1	Worst service ever! ! Wrong drink order, wrong food order. Drink refills non existent.
5	Place is awesome. I'm a huge fan of gyros. I have tried the lamb, beef, and chicken gyro. All amazing. If you love traditional Greek food, this place is for you. Staff is friendly, service is quick, price is cheap, food is bomb. A++
3	This is a mom and pop place and I have supported them as they have moved locations and grown over the past decade. Their wait staff is always most pleasant and helpful. One of the owners actually came over to our table with numerous questions to assure he was able to accommodate one of our party who suffers severe food allergies. Now let's talk food. I swear they have changed some of their recipes and age old standbys like hummus or basmati rice have, in order, yogurt and lemon added. Why ruin a good thing? I originally came for the traditional fare and have no need of a modernized version. I still love their attitude, but the food has suffered.
4	I started eating here cause I saw the beautiful chiseled Greek Family Billboard near my exclusive northwest condominium unit. Their beauty drew me in for a mouth watering Greek extravaganza. I suggest the gyro with Plato's Potatoes (fries). Get it classic style. Ring the bell on the way out for a sweet Greek siren
4	skewers are always the best! love their basmati rice! its not just plain but flavorful!   we always pick the one in Durango... ample seating!!!
5	Fresh and tasty! Don't really know what authentic Greek food supposed to taste like but among the ones I've been to, they got some darn good tasting food! Glad I found this place close to my new work. Will be a regular lunch place :)
3	This place is decent, but nothing to rave about.  I have to agree with one of the other reviewers that comments on the poor taste of people in North Las Vegas.  How you can give this place anything over 4 stars is just beyond silly.  The great thing about this place is that it fills a niche that is totally unfilled in the area.  The food is generally decent, even if a little over priced.  The portions are generous depending on what you get.  Be sure to order extra tzatziki sauce for your gyro, as they are very stingy with it here.  The most disappointing part of this place is the atmosphere.  From the outside, it looked like a very nice, perhaps even romantic atmosphere, akin to Macaroni Grill or even the Olive Garden.  The minute I walked in, all of those expectations were crushed.  The environment is much more laid back and cheap than what it seems from the outside. It has an almost fast food feel.  The best thing that I can compare it to is Fazoli's Italian fast food chain for those of you that have been there. At any rate, it's a decent place, but certainly not anything above average.
5	Love this place. Great service with excellent Greek food. The gyros with the yogurt dill sauce is amazing. I usually order to-go because of how speedy they are! Would recommend to anyone. A +!
5	Awesome food and great lunch specials. My son and I ate lunch there for under $15. You can't be that. Our waitress was great as well.
5	I'm slowly becoming addicted to this place! The service is really great, and I'm in the service industry! Really great gyro meat, love the Greek salad and obsessed with the spinach humus.. It's my spot post yoga and great patio for lunch with friends!
5	I have been to both locations several times and the food is always good. You have the choice to either eat very healthfully or to take the other route until you are full beyond capacity. The atmosphere is always pleasant and the music is typically a Greek theme or at least mellow.Love it!
5	Great Food! The staff is very professional and courteous.  I always get the Filet Gyro and it is amazing every single!Definitely a place to checkout if you have a craving for Greek Food!
1	Four stars !!! I Don't think so !!! First of all I got take out ok !!! I had to look for the lamb on the 9.50 roasted Gyro !!! Then I had to look for the Hummus on the platter !!! Was in a little bitty container !!! 5.95 for a large soup , which would have been a cup in Detroit or Chicago !!! Of course I am finding that the people don't mind paying lots of money for mediocre food !!! Still looking for a off strip mid -eastern place that has good food !!!
5	This place is great! Great food and really great take out service. I have only dined-in once, but they make to-go taste awesome. I always get their filet skewer, which also comes with rice, vegetables, pita & hummus, and a Greek salad. I always get a side of their yogurt dill sauce and it's to die for. They had a special going on in October for breast cancer and their cookies had the most amazing pink frosting on it. There is always a young gentleman who always works the takeout area when I come in. Very polite and courteous even when it's been busy.
5	Market Grille represents everything that you could ask for in a restaurant. Quality food, nice ambience, great service and good value.Although the emphasis is on Greek specialties, the mix can satisfy almost anyone, especially now that Italian food is available. If you are looking for burgers and pizza, grow up, get over it and try something different. The soups are extraordinary especially the Mushroom Pumpkin flavored with cinnamon. For desert you will find the best rice pudding along with the most delicious Baklava Cheesecake anywhere. This is an old style family enterprise and it shows. One suggestion........go there hungry.......trust me.
5	Love this place. Every time I am there, everyone is really nice and the service is excellent.  Great food and atmosphere.
5	First timers and the food is amazing and so is the service. We had the Falafel and Lamb Roast Gyros, they were amazing. Highly recommend.
5	Excellent food and freshly made. For appetizers we ordered Saganaki and Falafel. The Saganaki had brandy that was lit of fire as the waitress approached the table. It arrived with a side of freshly made flat bread. The Falafel was a little too minty for me but a hit for everyone else at the table. For the main meal my husband ordered the Greek trio and I the Keftedes (meatballs), both a la carte.  Very well prepared and favor full and the portions are huge! Needless to say, we were stuffed and had to take out leftovers home. Oh the service was inconsistent. While the ordering process and getting the food to the table was fast (only 5% of the restaurant was full), the follow-up on the drinks needed some improvement...or perhaps after a hiatus from American service and spending the Holidays from Germany, I had expected more?
3	I love Greek food. I've been dying to give this place a try after passing by several times. Finally I stopped in for lunch. Monday, Christmas week the place was empty. No complaints there. Our waitress was extremely nice. And very informative. I visited Greece in May and the people were not nearly as friendly. The food was good. We weren't too hungry so no one in our group got a lot or was too adventurous. I had a gyro sandwich. It was really good. The manager came by our table to greet us before we finished our meal. I always appreciate that. Overall I look forward to exploring their menu more next time I'm in the area.
