5	This place is a bit difficult to find granted but well worth the effort. If you're shopping down at the farmer's market, need a place to study, or just want to plop down with a good book, Fair Trade will caffeinate you as well as  feed you such tasties as quiches, stuffed croissants, cookies, bagels, and sandwiches.  The cafe was run by the church up until Julyish in answer to Mr. K's musing but they've been bought by a few of the regular customers and are enjoying a slow but steady revitalization along with a steady extension of hours.  They're also hopefully expanding they're menus to include more food food items as volume picks up. Additionally, they offer only fair trade coffee and teas so you can do your part to help fair trade just by sipping at a cup of coffee.
4	Just a really nice, quite and laid back coffee shop.Not to "trendy-ass-kissin'" ... just a nice place to kick back and/or get some work done. Yes of course they have free wi-fi.  They are VERY dog friendly, and even supply a nice big water bowl (and treats) for your dog!
4	This place makes me feel like I'm back in the Bay Area, among the hundreds of yuppie coffee joints that advertise Fair Trade coffee and free wireless connections.  It's not Peet's, but at least it ain't another Starbucks (not that I hate Starbucks; I just prefer local, neighborhood coffee shops).  I can't comment on the food, although it does look pretty good, and apparently it's all organic, if that's what you're into these days, like everyone else.  I had a cappuccino, it was all right.  I also had some coffee straight-up, and it was good; dark roast.  Not too busy, but then again, not much is downtown on the weekend.  The place has a bunch of tables, which makes it perfect for setting up to work; and there's some lounge chairs and a couch to get cozy on and read a book.  Friendly service; varied crowd -- guy playing Diablo on his macbook; older couple doing whatever old people do on their laptops; a few ladies reading books; a few people studying.  Ack, my right leg just fell asleep.  Oh, and free parking as well.  All in all, great place; maybe not quite as indie as Copper Star, but way more space ....
4	AND don't forget the FREE WIFI...
4	I never really rate coffee houses based on their bean juice, rather convenience, proximity, and ambiance.  For me, Fair Trade rates highly in all three of those categories.  Convenience:  Its centralized but more accessible by foot, which is the penultimate mark of a legitimate urban coffee joint, second only to the taste of their drip coffee.  Walking to your favorite coffee house is one of the great simple pleasures of life.  While this isn't my favorite coffee shop, its a suitable filler when drives to Copper Star or Paisley aren't in the cards.Proximity:  The downtown Roosevelt Row area, which is crawling with people who enjoy $5 cups of coffee and like to support a cause 'they hear' is pretty good.  Ambiance:  Much like other businesses along the Deck Central Area, Fair Trade struggles with Airport Lobby Pandemic.  They have, however, 'warmed' it up with corral walls, typical coffeehouse art, propaganda fliers, the token 'Monkey Che' t-shirt urbanite, and the sans-shower barista.  It feels like a nice place to stay a little longer.  The rear patio is nice and shaded, but if the bright ass reflection of concrete doesn't bother you, then I recommend the bustle of the front patio, as it provides the illusion of a brisk metropolis at the gateway to downtown PHX.
4	The coffee is quite good.The Chai Explosion was yummy and cold. The coffee drinks were great.The decor makes this place look like a corporate coffee entity, but it isn't.They sometimes host events like the Downtown Phoenix Poetry Slam (which we saw on a night when it was a poetry open mike, and it wasn't all that good, but we have heard good things about it when it is an actual slam).The coffee is actually fair trade. So, when you drink it, you can rest assured that the people who grew it were compensated fairly for their work. This is a good thing.
5	I have no reason not to give this place 5 stars.  My only thing would be that the decor is a bit lacking.  That being said, the current art display really livens it up a lot.  I wish they had that artist showing there all the time!Some friends and I went for a bite to eat before First Friday.  I had already eaten, but everything they got looked good.  There are (fairly healthy) sandwiches, salads, and quiches.  You can get a half sandwich too, which is cool.  I'm a big chai drinker and this place does a great iced chai.  Last night I had an iced coffee, and it seemed strong (though I am not a coffee drinker so can't say for sure).On First Fridays they have live music; last night it was a jazz keyboardist.
4	If you are looking for a downtown coffee shop with good coffee drinks, a wide variety of music playing in the background, free wireless access and a reasonable breakfast and lunch menu, give this place a try.  The coffee products are Fair Trade Certified and the cafe offers a wide range of food - ranging from banana nut muffins to bacon & spinach quiche with good soups, salads and sandwiches for lunch.  The staff is very friendly - no annoying, self absorbed servers like other coffee shops!
4	Great independent urban cafe with ultra friendly staff, great drinks, and decent munchables.  It's a good size so even when there are a bunch of people there you can still take up a spot at a table and get into your own little world - whether that be reading, laptop hacking, or whatever.  The Downtown Dash (free bus service) runs right in front of Fair Trade, and there is a stop right on Central for the light rail too once that starts up, so it's damn easy to get to.The one drawback is that they don't have tomatoes or onions or really any other accouterments for their sandwiches. . .which makes their "salads" just a bed of lettuce with your desired protein on top (basically the sandwich sans bread).  But whatever, I still love their curry chicken salad on multi grain bread.  And they have this coffee flavored jello that is really really good - they serve it in what I believe is a cappuccino mug with whipped cream on top.  Mmmmm.They also have recently started Sushi and Jazz nights on certain Fridays (not all) from 6-9.  Ok, obviously they don't offer an extensive amount of sushi, and it isn't stellar nor is it really that cheap, but the woman who makes it is just the sweetest person on earth.  And the jazz is more like a keyboardist schmoozing with his friends and every now and again playing a tune.  But hey, I just love the atmosphere here.
5	I know I just wrote a review for this place, but I just discovered even more to love about it.  I had known about their  quiches and pastries and went to go get some with an iced coffee on Sunday morning.  What do you know, they offer a real breakfast as well on Sundays from 8-12!  I forget the name of the dish I had, but it was sort of like a frittata with sour cream and fresh salsa.  It was awesome.  And it was only like $5 and came with rosemary potatoes.  Mmmm.I brought my dog with me and they were super cool about it.  They brought the food out to me in the courtyard and even brought a milk bone and bowl of water for the dog.
4	These people do not trade fairly as the name of the business clearly implies!  They were only willing to trade standard currency or credit card transactions for coffee.  Clearly a misleading establishment.  I offered up my briefcase (I'm due for a new one anyway) and even offered to throw in a couple Peter Piper Pizza tokens, gently used.  They would have none of it.  More than a fair trade for an iced mocha, wouldn't you agree?After we reached an agreement to barter the iced mocha in exchange for $4.85 cents I have to confide that I was happy with the bargain.  It was refreshing and enjoyable.  They kindly threw in access to the intertubes free of charge as well.  Cheers! I will return to this establishment to again procure java refreshments.  Next time I will return with a greater selection of shiny objects to barter and we shall see once again about this "fair trade" boast!
5	I'm bumping FTC up to 5 stars.  I stopped in here today with my girls and they proved themselves to be not just a really good coffee house - they're a great coffee house.Would you like some ethical business practices with that latte?  Actually it comes with everything you purchase here.  Connectedness to the local community?  Standard.  Quality products?  Ditto.I spent a good part of the half hour or so I was here talking with one of the employees, Shane.  Great guy and he served up 2 chocolate croissants for my kids with great panache.  I even snapped before and after pics.And I discovered they make toddy.  Next time you're here ask for your drink made with toddy instead of espresso.  Smoother, more robust and more caffeineyer.
4	just hit this place the other night before our First Fridays committee meeting and in a word: supercalifragilisticespalidocious.my carmel latte was so, so great, and having been a barista in a former life, i'm a tough customer. the atmosphere is perfect for work or play. wide open, big tables inside and a big patio in the back, with a fountain. (yes, you can cut through the parking garage and come in the back, instead of walking the whole way around like an idiot...like i might have done.)the pricing is right for their beverages and aside from being involved in fair trade, they also like the environment. they've got a spot for you to put your sleeves to be used again. brilliant.the only reason i'm giving it four instead of five stars is because i had to go to the bathroom really badly and i couldn't use it because someone was in it for a good 20 minutes while i was waiting and i had to wait even longer and use it at the next place because i was scared to go in, at that point. not their fault.
5	Just went back to this place - I forgot how much I love it!  $1.80 for a large free trade coffee with free refills!  That's with the teacher discount.  Love.  Happy.  Hooray.
4	I like this place.  There's nothing particularly outstanding about it.  I'd rate any dimension "fine."  But, somehow, all together, it works.  Homey and relaxed feel to it.
5	Best coffee I've had in Arizona.  I currently work in IT and need a remote place from home to get my work done.  Fair Trade is perfect.  The people are pleasent and I've always been treated with respect.Come join me for a perfect cup. I love you guys and gals at FTC.  Keep doing it.
5	The only drinkable cup I have found downtown and maybe even the greater Phoenix area.  Also they have all sorts of crafts from other countries as well as art.  Awesome place.  Now you can catch the light rail to Fair Trade from Tempe where I know for sure there is no drinkable coffee.
1	I really like this place, today is my second time here and used the free WiFi for first time and by the way is really fast.  The only thing that I didn't like was that after I order a coffee, tasted and didn't like it, went to get something else and they charge me again.  They have there way to do business but as a retail manager that I am, I think that was wrong.  The minimum I would have done it was offer a discount on my next drink or a discount card for my next visit.   I really like the place but next time I'll order water and won't take my chances to try something new.
5	Morning Ritual...get fair trade, smoke cig, wait for car pool. i have been holding off reviewing fair trade for a very long time...where once i felt it was pretentious and kinda uppity with it's social politics...i have since embraced this jewel and really love the people who work here. every morning i get greeted and for the most part they know what i want and it simplifies everything.first i don't get all picky with what i get, it's a large drip every morning. i usually steer for Medium Roast..but for the most part i like what i get..dark or medium..so i stopped specifying. it is just good so why complicate things with being picky.Fair Trade also gives out discounts for RS residents, Gov. employees, students, and seniors. as a resident of the apartment "complex" fair trade is in. i get my resident discount..i think it's 10%. which is nice because it brings the cost down below 2 bucks for a large coffee..i then feel more justified with the 1 dollar tip i usually leave. 1 star for good coffee 1 star for great employees 1 star for location 1 star for prices 1 star for convenienceahhh i feel better now.
1	I would never have been driven to write but after being charged $5.95 for a blended chai with soy milk and *after* having a conversation initiated by the barista of whether consistency or taste being more important, taste being key, I ended up with a milky beverage that was closer to a diluted chai tea bag than it was an enjoyable beverage. I'm sorry that the long wait, the exorbitant price, inconvenient location and bad beverage has swayed me from ever considering them again but when I can get a better tasting blended at half the price in a place like Coffee Bean then it doesn't really pay to go local.
4	I'm not really fan of the Fair Trade system. I want to like it since it's a market approach, but from an economics perspective, it actually harms growers.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fair_trade#CriticismThat said, I think coffee picked by child slave labor tastes best. The salt from their tears imparts that certain... je ne sais quios.Not a bad coffee place. The baristas are cool. especially Geraldine who is also dangerous with a hula hoop, so better hope she is baristaing and not hula hooping, or you gonna git straight hooped, sucka. The coffee is tasty, they usually have a decent selection of tea, and their baked goods are fresh.  There is plenty of parking in the attached covered lot, and there's outdoor seating in both the front and back. The indoor seating is ample and comfortable. The tables and bathrooms are clean. It's downtown, and it's not Starbucks - IE the coffee is good and not burnt.I'm a fan!
5	I have been here 2x since moving down here from cali bay area. I am a coffee snob and I really fit in here. The staff is very cute and helpful.The people in the shop remind me of the bay area.I drink americanos and the beans being used are very robust and smooth.The menu selection is nice for the food fair and I really enjoy the general atmosphere.I strongly recommend this cafe!!!Donkey-
4	The food and beverages here are as good as the cause that this place stands for. I was really surprised to see how this place actually was because I was expecting some sort of folk jam band/Vagina Monologues reading spot where hackey sack tournaments were held. Even though I consider myself liberally-minded, I take joy in ravaging a rare steak in front of a dirty hippie. I hate hippies. However, the people that run this place are hippies and I use that term in the best possible way. They're not all talk, they're actually practicing what they preach by running a cafe like this and I respect them for it and fully support it. It's like they're the American Apparel of Phoenix coffee shops that was American Apparel before they started using sweat shops.This place gets A's all across the board for service, food, drinks, and for the relaxing environment that you get to experience it all in.
4	After visiting the Phx Art Museum, my friend and I were thrilled to find this little cafe with outdoor seating as we were strolling down Central enjoying the nice weather. The prices are reasonable, and they offer many discounts including 10% off for teachers. The cheesy potato soup was wonderful! I also really enjoyed the chicken curry sandwich, while my friend raved about his huge slice of quiche. And as others have mentioned, the staff was very friendly.
4	Sunday brunch food is GREAT!  I'm a big fan of their toddy, but some of my coffee-snob friends aren't the biggest fans of the brew here.Best environment in a coffee shop in the downtown area by far.  The staff is friendly, lots of comfy seating, free wi-fi.
5	I love this place... it is peaceful, everybody in the staff is friendly and they have good alternatives for non-coffee drinkers :) :) which is not always the case in other places. Right in front of the light rail stop!! and there is also shaded parking. And the quiche is a-ma-zing.
5	There are only two coffee shops in the valley that I love, and Fair Trade is one of them. I love FT if just for their great selection of snacks that make the perfect companion to a mug of coffee, latte or even iced tea.They always have a few different roasts brewed and waiting for a mug to call home. I enjoy lighter roasts - sorry I don't enjoy burnty coffee. And FT is quick to meet my desires! Mmm the Peruvian roast, how I love thee. And yes, students get a 10% discount. Plus all the coffee is certified Fair Trade (some are organic). Woo! However, I wish that they would also use Fair Trade chocolate for their Mochas etc, and since they don't it makes me a little sad.They have started to have more and more fresh vegan pastries from their kitchen. I heard they just got a vegan pastries cookbook so I can't wait to see what kind of other treats they will have for me in the future.The atmosphere here is usually mellow enough for me to be productive.. and I have been happy to be able to take advantage of their wifi this week, since I recently moved and have been without internet for a week.The cafe is right next to the light rail stop at Roosevelt & Central (Arts District) so check it out if you're a rail rider on a leisure trip (weekend riders I'm talking to you).Oh and everyone who works at FT is wonderfully pleasant. These girls (and one guy) have won my heart, that's for sure... or maybe it was the coffee that did it...
5	I'm a grad student who loves studying in coffee shops, but prefers tea. My favorite brew is the Mighty Leaf Green Tea Tropical. I have searched for months to find a cafe that serves anything even similar...and discovered today that Fair Trade stocks the real stuff. My life in Arizona is now nearly complete. (Now if only the girlfriend would visit from Cali more often)
2	When you compare Fair Trade to Conspire and Lux ... ummm ... well ... there is no comparison ... Fair Trade's decor is BLAND and last time I went there the Barista was less than personable.Also they lack the electrical outlets at every table which at this late state in the game is a fail for any coffeehouse.
4	I'd been hearing about Fair Trade for a while but for some reason, I didn't try it until just the other day... Love it!I found the staff friendly - especially Shane, who flirted with me and talked my ear off about all of the upcoming events; parking was a breeze in the adjacent lot; and although the place was packed, my friend and I scored a table outside... (good thing it wasn't crazy hot out just yet).I'll be back soon to try more than the iced tea that I had the other day... the pastries looked awesome and I need to go explore everything else that Fair Trade has to offer.  I see a future Yelp Office Hours happening at Fair Trade for sure!  Let me know if you'd be up for that?!
3	Good chocolate croissants, even though they're shipped frozen and then baked at the premises.  Do they serve teas there?  I'll have to check that out next time I'm there for a croissant!
5	I  liked Fair Trade Cafe.  The service was with a smile, the coffee was great and they cater to artists and crafters!  I was able to leave a stack of flyers to promote my jewelry business which is always a PLUS!  I will definately go back soon!
5	I am pleased with the service and quality of this place.First of all, it is easy to locate-- especially if you are visiting downtown Phoenix and using the light rail for the first time (it's right across the Central & Roosevelt station).The atmosphere is perfect for:- studying/ reading/ internet browsing- meeting with a friend for some coffee/tea/snackThey have an outside patio as well. Their drink selection is great. They have coffees, smoothies, teas, sandwiches, and other pastries. Prices were reasonable. The staff is definitely friendly and they are very efficient in how they operate. Definitely would go there again if I am in the Phoenix area. Loved it.
4	Pretty cool cafe with a mixed vibe.  Seems like a lot of the workers & patrons are feminists which is awesome (especially since I'm living in Utah right now with a SERIOUS dearth of feminists among other politically active people!), but on the other hand there is a pretty distinct yuppie feeling to the place - but that is probably due to it's downtown location.The barista's were all very friendly & helpful. They pull good shots of espresso and are pretty attentive to details.  Odd detail I noticed and thought was pretty cool: their bathrooms are exceptionally clean, consistently.There is a lot of local (assumption) artwork for sale in the cafe that is quite nice - adds a good feel to it having dresses, sculptures, etc on the walls that is not only pleasant to look at but available to buy.PS - Free wireless.
5	I've got to say, some of the best iced coffee around! I've never been a fan of hot coffee, but I loved iced coffee! The coffee here doesn't have that acidic after taste, and its so smooth! I asked the owner when she was at an event a while back and apparently they cold brew their coffee. Wow does it make a difference! And of course, its fair trade coffee, so it tastes better and there's no guilt drinking it. A win-win for everyone! Prices are fair, ambiance is laid back, and wifi worked great. Can't wait to go back!
2	Yay: good location -- close to me and easy to get to.Yay: free reliable WiFi.Meh: the coffee. Not falling over good, but not burnt up, heartburn-inducing Starbucks style either. Meh: the food. Now, granted, I haven't been for lunch, but the a.m. selection does not knock me out. I would think a place as hippie-dippie and crunchy granola as this would be somewhat into remotely healthy food. Instead there were lots of bagels, greasy croissants, etc. The only thing on my vegetarian, health-conscious radar was whole wheat banana bread, which was totally blah and not even really banana-y.Boo: having to get a key to get into the bathroom. I understand the point, but as someone who will pee every hour for the entire duration of my stay, not cool.Boo: crappy LOUD Lilith Fair-esque music. Sorry, I left my strap-on at home. Maybe at night when people are just hanging the tunes would be ok, but in the morning I saw lots of poor downtrodden souls like me hunched over laptops, books, or in serious conversation with someone else in a business suit... people who were actually trying to, you know, WORK.As much as I want to support independent businesses, I highly doubt I'll be back... there's just too many other great places to go.
5	I love Fair Trade! they make THE best blueberry mochas in the city. every time I order a blueberry mocha somewhere else, it just plain sucks, but I've never (never!!!!) had a bad one at FT. other wonderful things about FT include its proximity to the light rail, lovely outdoor seating, parking garage (if you drive), and student discount!
5	You can't get any better than Fair Trade in my book. And here's why:I work for a grassroots non profit organization. This will be important later in the story. I first discovered Fair Trade through one of the owners, who also happens to volunteer for the organization I work for. (Remember I said my job would be important to the story?) I came in a few times and was continually impressed with the friendly staff, great coffee, and overall great atmosphere. Because of my job (and lack of office space) I have a LOT of coffee meetings. Sometimes it's all I ever do. And FTC is a great location, and it's way cooler than Starbucks. So my coworkers and I definitely give them a ton of business with our meetings! The Sunday brunch is awesome, everyone must try the egg puff and the potatoes, they are to die for. It's a great way to spend a Sunday morning!The free WiFi is also awesome when I need a Central location to work. Sometimes I refer to it as my office. Lastly, Fair Trade donated coffee to the annual fundraising event that our organization holds annually. It's just a wonderful testament to how community oriented the staff and owners are, and how great Fair Trade is for downtown Phoenix!
5	I really liked this place. The iced tea is great and you get free refills!The decor is cute and inviting and the staff is very friendly. Free WiFi too!
5	This place is fantastic. Delicious coffee, very friendly staff, tasty baked goods, and free wifi. It feels like a community hub, which is mostly lacking in downtown Phoenix. Open early 'til late. I'm a huge fan.
5	Coffee shop-perfection.  Friendly staff, great coffee, free wifi, great location (ten steps from a light rail stop), wonderful ambience, and delicious food.  They got everything right with this place; I laid out my criteria for what makes a great coffee shop in my review of Mills End Cafe, and Fair Trade achieves all of those standards, and more.
3	I enjoy Fair Trade because it gives me an opportunity to stop for a drink while I'm riding the light rail from North Phoenix to Mesa.The coffee is alright, not bad, but nothing that I crave. The tea is along the same lines. The food is rather costly and I would rather run up the street to Carly's to grab a sandwich. I do enjoy the service, which is always quick and knowledgeable. My drink is always made the way I want, which is the most important consideration. Fair Trade also has a frequent buyer program in which they keep your buyer's card on hand for you. I appreciate that. They provide enough table and outlet space for a plethora of computer users. Plus, as a teacher, I appreciate any place that provides discounts for teachers, police, firefighters, etc.Overall, I am good with Fair Trade. I will always stop when I'm riding past, but I don't like it enough to go out of my way.
4	To quote Mr. Vincent Vega, "That's five dollars? You don't put bourbon in it or nothin?"This was my initial reaction to the price of the eternal favorite, the Fair Trade large iced mocha which after tax fetches a solid $4.87.  I recently moved to the downtown area and I'm ready to throw my money at the local shops.  I was also hoping I'd save a little by giving up the Starbucks Fourbucks experience.  So I was a little shocked to see the price of this staple of a beverage.But let me tell you, "This is a pretty f***ing good (iced mocha)!" It is worth every. single. penny.  Don't take my word for it.  My punch card shows it all.  (Double punch Mondays??  Yes please.) I don't know what the secret ingredients or processes are in making this gem.  Honestly, I don't want to know.  Let's keep the magic.On another note: Gentlemen, the last few times I've been to Fair Trade the place has been packed with the loveliest of ladies (on both sides of the counter).  I don't know if this is a marketing strategy, but it's working on me.Good show Fair Trade! Cheers!
4	I love Fair Trade. That about sums it up. However, if I wrote this review a year ago, which I did but never posted, I would have given them 5 stars. I still love them though. It is located a stone's throw away from where I live and I can often be found there. I actually haven't sampled the coffee, I don't drink the stuff, but my husband enjoys it. I do love the iced tea, hot chocolate, and hot teas. The sandwiches are great and the baked goods are amazing, save the bagels. (They are from Chompie's) I love the filled croissants. In recent months, their quiches had begun to get really salty and they took them off the menu and replaced them with frittatas, which look exactly like the quiches. I actually asked where the egg was when I ordered my first one. Their Sunday brunch is great (love the chili cheese egg puff or whatever its called and the sweet potatoes mixed in with the side of potatoes is great!) when I don't feel like going out to a sit down brunch and just want to run and get something quickly, they are the only place in this neighborhood that provides that on a Sunday morning...there are no bagel shops or anything. What I like most about Fair Trade is that if you are there to do work you can literally sit there all day and be able to have lunch, unlike at other coffee shops where the food sampling is limited to various baked goods. With the soups, salads, and sandwiches Fair Trade really functions more as a cafe. Service is always friendly; however, lately it hasn't been as on point as it once was. I wonder if they sent the more experience people to the new location and have all the newbies at this location. The rotating art is fun and a great resource for local artists to get their work out there. The new furniture they have put in is a little out of place and does make it feel overly cramped and hot at times though. They participate in First Fridays and host poetry slams and sushi nights. They let me sit on the patio with my dog and bring her water and dog treats. Free wifi, free garage parking...does it get better?
5	When I was staying at the Lexington Hotel, I found this coffee-shop, which is located half a block away. I can even crawl with my pajamas to get my cup of joe in the morning...in which I did. The coffee shop uses coffee beans that are Fair-trade certified. "For a good cup of coffee, you gotta love that!"I was here every morning for my two-day stay for just a 16oz cup of coffee for $2.00. I love the coffee here and by a landslide, it sure beats drinking the beverage from the hotel.This coffee-shop is also Eco-friendly; a definite plus. Despite the quiet area especially at night, the hours are great (closes nightly at 10pm).Free Wi-fi are available.Inside is a great place to study for ASU studentsA nice shaded and cool patio to lounge or handle your business.  I feel like home here with the friendly staffs and they treated me very well too, despite coming here three times for just a cup of coffee (twice in the morning and once in the afternoon). "Hey you buy anything, you're automatically their friend(s). That is how I look at it!"If I come back to Phoenix, this will be my coffee-shop. And obviously, I need to show them some more "love" and get other items with my cup of coffee.
3	Fair Trade, I wanted to love you. I really did. I came back even after I paid almost $5 (including student discount) for my soy vanilla latte only to leave because it was too pack to find a comfortable seat. The downtown location brought me back and this time I was lucky to find a seat right next to the front door where I could see the Roosevelt portion of the light rail. Definitely the downtown feel. I ordered a soy latte and I almost asked for more espresso with my soy because it tasted more like coffee flavored milk than anything else. After a few hours of studying I ordered a turkey sandwich which wasn't too bad but couldn't make up for the lack of caffeine in my system. Sorry, fair trade but I tried. Until we meet again.
5	best coffee in phoenix (so far). experienced and friendly baristas, a large sitting area inside, nice decorations, community conscious, promotes local art and artists, outdoor sitting area, easily accessible location from the light rail and from the portland park neighborhood. i had a short vanilla cappuccino and the thing that made it the best insofar to my search for phoenix's best espresso was definitely the milk. it was properly steamed microfoam. the shots were right on, too.the milk i've had elsewhere in phoenix doesn't compare. thumbs up to fair trade.
3	Fair Trade? More like unfairly priced, as in, ridiculously LOW prices when compared to Lux, Lola, Copper Star, et al.My espresso macchiato today was going to cost $1.20, but then the kind barrista asked if I was a "teacher or student."  When I said "teacher", she asked me for $.98.  I tipped over 100% and still had more money in pocket than had I gone elsewhere.It tasted like $1.78.
3	The coffee is fine and I like the fact that they feature fair trade coffee, which they now serve it in espresso cups rather than paper when requested. I was disappointed when a customer smoked indoors while sitting on the couch by the front counter and no one stopped him.  I thought that's what the outdoor tables are for...
5	So after multiple opportunities to go to Fair Trade Cafe, I FINALLY went and loved it.  Why was I taking so long in going? Not sure. But regret it.It was First Friday, so very busy and very chilly, so I went actually a few times in one night.  First run was with the veggie soup, that was fabulous-- I can't wait to try other flavors.  Second run was a plain coffee and it was  tasty, not bitter- I drink coffee daily and often find it bitter at a lot of places. Third run was a mint tea- can't ever go wrong with mint tea.  Now coffee houses, in my opinion are based a lot on the employees/owners, the vibe and the other customers.  The employees were above and beyond kind and the vibe was cool and as the night went on, it got even more cool.  It was open mic night and people were reading poetry-- some better than others but my favorite was a humorous poet who had the whole room in stitches.   I've never been to an open mic poet night, it was interesting.  I was talking to my friend and I got shooshed and someone yelled "MAN ON MIC!" and I felt like a frickin' moron but whatever, I understand.  I was new-- I didn't know the rules.  Doesn't help that when I talk in general, I pretty much scream-- loud talker but that's because I come from a family of 4 kids and if you were quiet, you were never heard.  So, Fair Trade is 5 stars in my book.
3	This place definitely takes advantage of its surroundings, promoting its urban feel. It's easily accessible from the light rail, sits right on the northern edge of downtown, is close to the public market and contributes to growing number of businesses in the area. Its point-of-sale is a bit on the pricey side, but it's a nice place regardless. If I were downtown and wanted coffee, this would be my preferred choice. If I wanted to go out for coffee in any neighborhood, I would likely bypass this shop for Copper Star, Hob Nob's or the Lux. Patrons will notice Fair Trade's odd use of angles, industrial interior and UV-heavy lighting with windows that seem to magnify the sun's brightness. I do like it and would go back again, but in general it isn't my preference.
3	Good coffee & tea. A little loud on the radio and blenders constantly whirring... But good wifi and now that I know how to get there will use often...
1	So I was just at Fair Trade downtown. And I have been in there more times than I can even count on all of my body parts and a girl walks up to me and says "Can I help you?" I say "No I'm ok." She Says "Have you bought anything in here today?" I say "No." She then tells me " Well you can't just sit in for hours (I had been in there about 2) and not buy anything." "Don't you know this is not a community center." So Fair Trade is the new Community Center for all of phoenix. They will be holding Comunnity meetings every night. Monday: How to Be More Aware of Your Community Folk and How to Not DiscriminateTuesday: 8PM Story Telling of How You Were Discriminated AgainstWedensday: Choose Your Favorite Non-Paying Customer That You've HelpedThursday: Come and Sit For Free All DayFriday: Come in for Free DaySaturday: Free Internet and Buy Nothing DaySunday: Stencil Your Name on The Bathroom Wall By:Brooke CarpenterTo make sure you get in for free to these community meetings make sure you go in and sign up.The first 100 customers to walk in a sign up for these community meetings gets a free Latte.Any Questions about community meetings call (602) 354-8150
5	Over the past couple years of my life, I have spent way, WAY too much time at fair trade. Reading books and drinking coffee is like my 3rd job, and I prefer to do it at my neighborhood cafe. If I want drip coffee (which is almost always) I will go out of my way to come here. It's simply delicious. If I want something else I might go elsewhere, but nothing else in central/uptown/downtown Phoenix can compare to a Fair Trade Iced coffee. The barista's are sweet, the live music on Saturday afternoons is a joy, the community computer has saved my ass at least a dozen times, it's "coffee with a conscience", and it's a 2 minute walk from my apartment. Of course it gets 5 stars!
5	I love this place.  You can always have a good time here.
4	This is a solid coffee place, quiet enough for reading friendly enough for having  a meeting or just being by your self. Prices are good, parking can be a bit tricky during busier times. Not the best coffee I've had, but its still very good and worth a visit.
1	I'm a regular customer of Fair Trade and I usually have nothing but good to say about it. Just ten minutes ago, though, I stood at te counter for about five minutes watching one employee talk on her phone. When the second employee came out from the kitchen she returned to a plate of food. I have no idea what impression they think that produces in customers, but I left without being served and I wonder if I should ever return. I have no interest in patronizing a coffee shop that doesn't have a sense of customer service. I will think very hard about going back, which is too bad considering the many days I've spent there.
2	I eventually stopped going here: the service became extremely slow, and the quality of coffee declined. Found some better options in the neighbourhood too.
3	This is a cute coffee shop to have nearby. In the 3 times I've been here, seating has never been a problem, which is nice. The barristas have been fairly nice as well. On Sundays they have a brunch like menu, with eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy, potatoes, etc. Nom nom.  I take issue with the fact that they don't brew their own iced tea. That may seem trivial, but they are a cafe, and so I think it's a cop out. The music is generally good, it's usually too loud to get work done. I would explore more of the options in the area, since there seems to be a lot.
1	Corporate coffee has its place in the world, corporate wannabees don't. Try Lux, Copper Star... Starbucks.
3	3.25 stars.Adequate coffee and drinks near my house and right across from the Central/Roosevelt light rail stop.  I'm working my way through the menu, and even though the psychoslow service is somewhat unreal, I'm never here when I'm in a hurry.Are the frittatas gone?  The downtown location has supplied some lovely frittata dates in the Civic Space by the Goofy LED Boners for me, but I can't ever seem to get a luscious pair of frittatas shaken in my face at this location anymore.The chai is very inconsistent from day to day, but I still walk here and have one a day some weeks.  The smoothies taste like they're made with sugary purees; I'd still rock one on the rare days when I don't give a rat's damn about high sugar consumption.  I like the frequent drinker card and the adorable filing system at the register.Must try their biscuits and gravy.  Breakfast is nextest.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food & Beverage10 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueThe food at brunch is solid, but the chai is very bland.  And for having a hippie social movement in the very name of their shop, I am surprised that they are so environmentally careless.  (Why did i need a lid on my drink?  I'm obviously eating at the table 10 feet from the counter.)  Not to mention the faulty economics of the "fair trade movement".With Royal a stone's throw away, I don't spend much time here.
4	This is a great place to have a meeting.  Best of all, lots of plugs for my lap top.  I love when you can easily find a plug.  The coffee and food was good.  The atmosphere was nice and calm.
3	I don't come to Fair Trade for their coffee, as it's kinda blah. But I'm happy to drink coffee there, because there are so many things that are FAR from blah about Fair Trade.- super friendly staff and excellent service- fair prices- great daily soups- good lattes- yummy baked goods, baked on the premises- free wi-fi- very accessible meeting location for getting together with friends- very close to the library, great for grabbing a book and settling in with a drink to read for a while- very clean restrooms (a girl's gotta go after settling in with a drink!)- resident discount for Roosevelt Square residents (10% off), though I rarely take advantage of itMy husband and I regularly go to Fair Trade to study, read and people-watch.OH! One thing: Don't plan on hanging out during First Fridays unless you're prepared to pay a cover charge to stay there past a certain time. Most First Fridays they have an open mic poetry thing, and it's kindof annoying (at least to us). Despite being there for a few hours, and buying several drinks, we've been asked to pay the $5.00 cover charge or leave once these gigs start. That sucks, but thankfully it's not a regular occurrence.
5	Fair Trade Cafe is renowned in Phoenix as the premiere coffee shop in Downtown: a place to meet friends or make new ones, hear the eclectic but usually superior music choices of the friendly and colorful staff, and find an office-away-from-the-office. Fair Trade is definitely the favorite (non-Starbucks) choice of the young professional class when they need a "mobile command center." Any given day, a forest of open laptops can be found in the open and spacious interior, along with any number of business meetings in progress, lefty groups holding discussions and people just kicking back and having some really good coffee.The drawbacks are a result of the success of Fair Trade - during the lunch rush, tables are at a premium, even those out front or in the courtyard it shares with the Portland Apartments. However, the benefits more than make up for this occasional inconvenience. Among the staff, which in a constant state of flux but retains many excellent people on a regular basis, Meghan is at the top of the heap. She has never failed to impress me or my friends with her effervescent attitude and dedication to customer service. A smile and ever-handy kind word from her always help to make up for a down day. And when she and Christina, another Fair Trader with skill and know-how to spare, are teamed up, it is a dynamic duo to satisfy even the most demanding customer.All in all, Fair Trade deserves its place as being synonymous with the Downtown Phoenix young professional scene, and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who wants a laugh, great brew and relaxing ambiance served up together.
1	I REALLY want to like this place, which is why I came back on a Sunday. The barista was nice and friendly, that isn't so much the problem. Here are the problems.1. They have been playing the same terrible song for two hours. No joke. I'm not sure if this is a psych experiment or a cruel joke, but either way- holy @!$%.2. I must have missed the sign saying, "Burn-outs" welcome & preferred. This is the oddest group of people ever. During the course of my visit, some random guy tried to "save" a really nice man who happens to be blind. Along with that, the man kept yelling to the counter, "Did ya'll forget me?" Answer- yes. He ordered breakfast and bacon 40 minutes earlier. Yikes.So, I cannot recommend this spot unless you like torture, or you are a psych major and need to study some weirdos. Bring your DSM -IV and have a great time.
1	I have tried this place a couple of times because it is conveniently located but I wont be going back.  The first time I went there were 4 people in line ahead of me and it took 15 minutes to get my coffee.  The second time I went I ordered a vanilla latte but they forgot to add the flavor shot.  The coffee was not good enough to make up for the bad service.
3	There are many coffee places to try around the Downtown Phoenix area, and Fair Trade is simply fair. The coffee is good, but not my favorite. I have had brunch hear also, and it wasn't anything amazing. I do like that they have vegan offerings, and the staff have always been friendly. Sadly, its just a-ok in comparison to some of the other coffee shops around.
3	I had to park on the side of the street to visit this place. I wasn't made aware( by a sign) that the garage parking are for Fair Trade customers also besides those signs denoting special purpose tenants only.  I ordered my usual ice coffee with measured instructions. It tasted good, typical and but not memorable. This was the only item I purchase and I would come back for something else to experience more of this place.When I visited on the weekend, there wasn't a seat for me as it was mostly occupied by "students" or laptops users. The place sounded like a noisy cafeteria.  Fair Trade is located in a modern industrial design building, and the inside has a more corporate decor than striking to be different. Although they have groups meets here, the place I think is more attractive to workers and students. I didn't feel it was an exciting place or place to lounge.
4	How can you not love a place that offers $.75 refills on tea bought at the Fair Trade in the civic space downtown? These two places are great places for treats, tea and friendly service. I rode my bike from the AZFCU to the civic space, grabbed and Ice tea and some gum samples, then biked through ASU to Think. By the time I arrived at the Roosevelt/Central train station i was so parched i went to this Fair Trade, asked them if i could get a refill instead of wasting a cup, thinking i would pay for an entirely new Iced Tea, when she only charged me $.75. that was awesome!!! finally a place that is, well, Fair! they didn't have my favorite Banana Nut cookies, but that's okay i'll forgive them lol. however if you ever see the banana nut cookies available, get them fast! they are the most tasty & moist little bites of heaven you will ever eat! this place also offers tons of vegan items. they offer free wi-fi, have inside and outside seating both in front of the shop and in the courtyard right behind it too. ride a bike? you'll find 2 bike racks in front and back as well. you will also find handcrafted items to purchase from around the world, including music-which can be sampled on the sampler close to the courtyard. i can't get enough of their green tea, but the others are deolilcious too and at only $2.25, with a $.75 refill you can't go wrong. so next time you take the train into downtown, stop at the roosevelt/central station and get yourself some Fair Trade on!
4	I had a brief stint in between meetings today and my caffeine withdrawals were kicking in. I wanted a coffee shop where I could get some work done, get a swift kick of energy and do so in a comfortable and local environment. I found that at Fair Trade. Ever since attending DPJ's Radiate Phoenix Event where local coffee shop owners spoke about their brands, I've been eager to check out Fair Trade and today was the perfect excuse to do so. I walked inside and was immediately welcomed by the smell of freshly roasted coffee and the therapeutic sound of coffee shop chit chat and the grinder humming to the beat of a fresh cup 'o Joe. The girl at the counter was friendly, attentive and definitely knew her coffees. I was tempted to try the mocha chocolate latte on special, but the barista convinced me that the iced coffee with sugar free chocolate and nonfat milk was the way to go. I know not to question the expert so I went for it. Note to self... my intuition was correct. I will always take the baristas advice from now on. The iced coffee was refreshing, full of a much-needed caffeine kick and just what the energy bunny ordered. I really like the character and environment at Fair Trade. The shop was packed with coffee drinkers, business folks and even friendly neighborhood policemen. I am pretty sure I saw a Pastor making his way through as well. With the dynamic group of visitors, the music was comforting but not distracting. I saw plenty of outdoor seating options but sadly, the 110 degree weather kept me from enjoying a fresh breeze today.So in summary, I give Fair Trade two thumbs up (aka four stars) for the quality and comfort they provide to the coffee addict. I noticed some tasty food options as well and I plan on making my way back again very soon to check them all out! So thanks Fair Trade, for getting me rejuvenated while allowing me to do some work done during the busy workday!
4	I have been here a few times, since I live in the apartments within a block's walking distance.  The food and beverages offered are some great choices, including delicious vegan brownies and a tasty veggie sandwich.  The tea was good as well. I have not tried the coffee.  The prices were about average for a place such as this. The free Wi Fi is nice, and I love how close it is to where I live. Supposedly there are small discounts if you live at the Roosevelt Square Apartments and/or ASU student, but I've mentioned that each time and have not received discounts. The seating can be variable, depending on the day/time that you go. I have found seating sometimes, but other times was at a wobbly table and ended up leaving (it was the only one available).  In the later afternoon/evenings, it can get a bit more crowded and harder to find seats.
4	This place has the best iced coffee in town, hands down.  My co-workers and I go multiple times during the week just to buy a cup.  It is not convenient for us but is worth the trek.  The staff is friendly and the iced coffee is consistent. It keeps us going.  The chai is made from a sugary mix - avoid it.
3	A funky little shop.
4	Finally, a real, honest to goodness Seattle style coffee house in Phoenix without the rain -- and, you drink "fair trade" coffee!
5	Best coffee/cafe in town. No snobby jerks here & everything on their menu is tasty. Great staff, the mgmt. don't thumb their nose about the homeless hanging out there & utilizing the computers. All walks of life are welcome here.
4	A lot of things have changed about Fair Trade Cafe. I haven't lived on this side of town for a while, but I remember their baked goods being AWESOME. I went back recently and wasn't very impressed, particularly with their vegan brownies which used to be amazing. However, the coffee is very good, the atmosphere is really nice. The food is SO GOOD. Curry chicken sandwich is my main go-to.Another change that I noticed is their seating. Instead of individual tables and chairs, they now have a lot of bench-style seating along one of the walls. It looks really cool, but I feel like it's more crammed in there than it used to be. Furniture that they kept includes their chairs, which are super wobbly and kinda scary to sit in.Overall great coffee shop, but not as comfortable as others in the area.
4	I'm getting a little suspicious that they put something addictive into their tuna melt because I CRAVE this thing. The focaccia bread is superb with the right balance of simple tuna salad and cheddar cheese. It's so good, I don't even mind the grease factor. I've learned that I have to go early, though, because they have been known to run out of crack...I mean bread.Sometimes I've had to wait a bit for my sandwich to be ready. At least the people watching makes the wait entertaining. Plus, you know I'm a sucker for China Mist tea.
4	I love this place, I just wish it was closer to me!Not only do they have almond milk, but they have gluten-free goodies. How awesome! They also offer Sunday brunch menu, so count me in for eggs and potatoes with my latte! They have so many baked goods, enough to satisfy any appetite.I would come in and work here, the furniture isn't the MOST comfortable I've been in, and plugs are hard to come by with some tables, but it's such a great atmosphere that I don't even care. The staff is always so nice, what a great place to have a cup of coffee, a date, or a working session.Park in the parking garage, except it gets a little busy on Sundays when the church parking is there too.
5	I love Fair Trade .....treats are homemade and lunch menu is very big with salads, sandwich and soups. On weekends the breakfast choices are super yummy :)
4	For a major metropolitan city, It's disappointing how hard it is to find an independent coffee shop around Phoenix/Scottsdale that's open on Sundays.  Fortunately, Fair Trade Cafe IS open on Sundays, and I appreciate that very much!More than "just" being open on Sundays, there's free covered parking behind the building, they offer free wi-fi, and they make delicious almond milk mochas!The service isn't as outstanding as I've come to expect at other local coffee shops, but it's still a great spot to enjoy a cup of joe inside or outside on their patio.
2	What happened to this place?  They used to be so good, there were always nice and friendly baristas, the food was very simple, yet still very good.  But went in last time and I like to order the Veggie Hummus sandwich, but they forgot the cucumber and my bread stale and dry.  The sandwich was not worth my 7 bucks at all.  Very disappointed Fair Trade.
3	I hear the Sunday brunch menu is revamped so I plan to drop in soon to try it.  The baristas are friendly, over educated (+++), and attractive.  There's ever changing art on the walls.  Free wifi and free parking in the private garage is another plus....and it's right at the Roosevelt light rail station.  The coffee is fine and I like the house salad.  Otherwise the food is a little too greasy-spoon for my taste, which lean savory.  There are plenty of pastries there  for the rest of you!
4	Great coffee. Great atmosphere. Very nice people. Wonderful to get coffee somewhere other than a huge chain. Long live a hometown shop!!!
4	I'm guessing they turned this place around again, based on previous reviews.  We went here the other morning and it was great.  Awesome, friendly barista, and a good atmosphere overall.  Nice places to sit both inside and outside.  I think the most awesome part is they serve Almond Milk!  Woohoo!  My Veggie Panini was as delicious as described, and the coffee was just shy of perfect.
4	Cute little place downtown, very good for a break, brunch, sunday breakfast. Food is decent and the atmosphere is not too crazy. Bring a laptop for the free WiFi and you're ready to go.Have fun, be safe and good luck.
4	This is a great little stop for coffee and some pastry. They have brunch as well, I have never been for brunch but will definitely try it some time. Right across from the Light Rail, its hard to be more convenient! Its also a quick walk across Deck Park to the Phoenix Public Library - Burton Barr Branch...nice to get a book and then have a coffee while reading it!They have live jazz at times and support many excellent local causes as well as being guaranteed fair trade certified!
5	Okay, okay this review was coming. This is my coffee shop.Yeah, I'm that girl, you know, "medium iced coffee with soy?"They've got some new people on staff, but so far they all seem awesome. This is my favorite neighborhood coffee shop. It has everything you could want from a local cafe without the self-righteous hipster attitude. (cough, Cartel, cough). Besides the quality of the drinks and food, the atmosphere is nice. They have free WiFi.What I love most about Fair Trade is supporting the business. I have (newly-formed) friends who work there and love it. The management truly treats its staff great and really wants to cater to the downtown Phoenix community. The prices are good and comparable to any Starbucks, but the coffee is traded ethically and bought for a fair price, which makes me happy.Psst... they also have poetry readings and open-mic nights.The only thing I dislike is that Fair Trade started closing earlier :( I can't go there anymore when I need to pull an all-nighter.Try it and love it.
5	Spinach and feta croissant, orange juice, free wifi with decent pluggage, nice environment, good yet non-intrusive music. Easy parking too! (Hey, this matters to someone from the Bay Area.)
5	Absolutely love the place. Food is great! Comfortable sitting and free wifi.
5	Love the coffee and art here! Have been a regular since moving to AZ and the service staff all know my drink and always have a smile! Plus, in addition to all the usual suspects for dressing up your drink they offer stevia! They run great deals on Groupon so your dollar stretches. Stop in and get your coffee on!
5	this place has great coffee. the food looked delicious, sadly i didn't get to have any. very relaxed and open pretty late for the most part, its just calming and happy in there. definitely great for a first date or just to unwind. love their iced coffee with soy. had a nutty flavor to it, so delicious
3	good coffee, friendly staff, good food.  they forgot to bring out the bagel I had ordered, but were very apologetic about it.  I will go here again.
4	One of my most favorite coffee places in Phoenix - the cafe and clientele remind me of a more international place than we typically see in Phoenix/Scottsdale. Highly recommended for globalists seeking coffee.
5	I live not so close to Fair Trade, but I don't mind the commute.  The barista's are super chill and the coffee is always good.  The food is really good, too!  Shout out to Tricky for always being so nice!
4	Tasty espresso, very friendly & welcoming staff, good atmosphere. Prices are competitive. Will definitely go back!!
4	Yummy lattes, gluten-free options, wifi...i am in love...
3	So Sad. As a stressed out, poor college student, this place used to be my little refuge. they used to have fair prices and some of the best espresso I have ever had this side of the pond but unfortunately, things have changed in there for the worse IMO. I understand that we are in the middle of a crashing economy but I mean come on, 6 bucks for a dirty chai?! They used to offer student, military, and resident discounts, but they took that away. They charge 75 cents for soy or other dairy extra syrups or espresso shots. Everything in the menu has gone up significantly in price. They also started a Better Earth lunch "special". I tried it and was given a ridiculously minute amount of food. 3-4 pieces of tofu and about 10 leafs of baby spinach and a small cup of soup. I felt even more hungry after eating that and was disappointed I spent 12 bucks for my lunch (I bought a soy mocha as well). Lastly, and most importantly I feel that the flavor of their espresso has changed. I am not sure if they have changed their coffee, roasting technique, or if it is the new baristas there or what but for the past 4 months and the 6 times I have gone in there, their espresso drinks have not had that earthy taste I have come to associate with this place. The good.. is that they still (!) have their punch cards and do double punches on Monday (but who knows how long that will last with the trend that has been happening there). They also have good baked goods/treats and offer vegan options as well. Their selection of herbal loose leaf tea is also commendable as well as their salads. They have always had AWESOME baristas that are always so sweet and try to make you feel a lil better about your day. It is unfortunate that this local business has turned the way it has. Steep prices, and   the loss of their unique flavor has definitely taken them off my go-to coffee joint.  I feel like I am getting the shaft from this "fair" trade, so I venture a little further down for a dirty chai that is homemade, is 2 bucks cheaper, and I am not charged for my milk options & am offered a free 2nd shot of espresso everytime! I still love you FTC, your intentions are good, you have just done me wrong in so many ways  *sigh* : /
2	We heard Fair Trade Cafe served vegan options and vegetarian lunch dishes, so we wanted to check it out. We aren't coffee drinkers - so this is only a food review.We rode our bikes over to Fair Trade on a Sunday. I was really into the mood for a veggie sandwich, and voila! They had one on their menu. I ordered the veggie panini. when it arrived, the bread was really oily and there were no condiments on the sandwich, at all! Just bread and vegetables and a slice of cheese. They could have added anything to it: pesto, cream cheese, mustard -- nothing. The sandwich was $7 and came with chips (wish they had a healthier alternative for a side). My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich and said it was fair. His was only $4.  Probably won't eat here again.
3	This is a great little joint to catch a quick meal. They offer tons of options and I love that they are vegan and vegetarian friendly. Although I am not  a vegan or vegetarian, it seems as though all of my friends choose to live the lifestyle and as long as the food is tasty I'm always up for something new. This morning me and a mate, Cole decided to stop in for some breakfast. We both ordered the vegetarian hummus sandwich. I definitely recommend it however after 8 months in Australia, Im continuously disappointed with what us American's consider black coffee. When simply ordering a long black in the states, it seems to be standard to get a cup of coffee from the pot when what I'm really looking for is a double shot of espresso with some extra water. This being said, food is great but coffee not so much. I've been living downtown for only a number of days but am starting to love my community and plan on making this spot a regular breakfast destination.
4	I love Fair Trade for the studying space, the people and the sandwiches, unfortunately  not for the coffee. If you are looking for a place to get some work done and eat a snack with some iced tea - I highly recommend it.
5	An oasis in the desert!  Fair trade coffee has great mochas.  You can even have it made with almond milk!  Wonderful coffee house feel (take it from a Seattlite).
4	If your like most folks and are tired of Starbucks. I must say this place is a breath of fresh air. They have great food, I have only tried their vanilla tea but let me tell you, it's the best thing since slice bread! Side-note, there is free wifi, the customer services is great also the atmosphere is perfect for meeting friends, getting work done and studying. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a change from your local Starbucks.
5	Better than any Starbucks u can get the staff is very friendly and it was located just steps from my hotel which was a plus they also have great ice cream that they sell until 2 in the morning great drunk impulse buy what sold me was the ice cream "samiches" made with freshly baked chocolate chip cookies definitely will be a regular stop on my future trips into town
5	Delicious pastries, good sandwiches, great drinks, free wifi, almost always open - this place is one of my favorites for a quick drink or a full meal. All their food is made fresh on site, and you can taste that.
4	Friendly staff, GREAT coffee, good conscience. May not have that fancy touch if you are bringing visitors for the first time but if you are a regular, you instantly see the charm in each visit.  Hummus & veggie plate = yummy-- along with an almond joy latte... (It's not on the menu, but they make a killer one)Parking isn't too bad and theres often a spot in the parking garage for the church (located adjacent to the shop)-- would recommend if you are looking for a central coffee joint thats anything but stuffy.
1	I got one piece of pumpkin bread and a plain iced coffee... $7.11! 7/11 is where I should've went. I could get a jackolantern to deliver pumpkin bread, and blow out my candle, for that price. This place is going in Lil Bootsy's litterbox.
5	My brother and I had a great experience here last Wednesday while traveling in Phoenix.  Stopped by to take advantage of the free wifi, breakfast, and hot drinks.  I ordered the Tomato / Tom-ato egg sandwich (great vegetarian option with greens & protein) along with a cup of hot chai, and both were very tasty.  Comfortable atmosphere and seating, friendly service, clean facility, wifi worked great, no complaints!!  As an added bonus, our server handed out free baseball tickets to the D-backs / Pirates on a day when we actually could make the time to go!!! (How often does that happen??)
4	I love any local business that supports local farmers by offering homemade food. I had a sandwich and a treat and both were very good. There is free WiFi and a relaxed atmosphere.
3	The BF and I went here last week after riding our bikes around in the rain. We each had a latte and I thought they were alright, very drinkable lattes, but they didn't have the most flavor of any latte I have had. The place is super cute, has a bike rack, and has tons of seating BUT I wish the coffee was a bit stronger. Despite this, I will probably come back here because it is very close to the house and it will do.
4	Stopped in on a whim because a friend mentioned this place. Liked it the minute I walked in.  Nice atmosphere, and friendly staff.  I had an espresso, a large coffee, and the chicken curry sandwich.  My 6 year old son had the grilled cheese.  The espresso was flavorful without being bitter, and the coffee full bodied.  The chicken curry was excellent, and the bread it was on was almost as much of a treat.  My son devoured the grilled cheese, which was also on the same multi grain bread as mine, though toasted,  We enjoyed hanging out in the courtyard behind the cafe, which has a fountain, and very relaxing atmosphere.  All in all, a very pleasant experience with very good, reasonably priced food.  I'll definitely be making this place a regular stop.
4	I was on the light rail today and spotted this coffee shop from the train, so I figured on my way back I would check it out. The place was really cute, with a great selection off coffee and drinks to choose from.The place has tons of seating, including a bunch of comfy looking couches and chairs, along with tables and chairs if you wish to use them.  Several people were there surfing the internet, and I wandered in looking for some coffee.Initially, I wanted a Mocha.  When I was asking the girl behind the counter about it, she said her expresso machine was broken, but she could substitute coffee for it instead.  I decided that I would rather just get the coffee instead so that's what I got.  She was really nice about it, and apologized for it being out of order.While waiting for my coffee, the girl offered me a pastry in compensation for her machine being down. Whatever she gave me, it was awesome! It was chocolate chip something, and tasted divine! I was going to sit in the patio area and relax by the fountain, but I passed because the seats outside were already taken. I ended up hanging out on the couch inside, which was really comfy.  The coffee itself was strong but tasty, and everything went well. I would gladly stop by again when I'm in the area or have time when doing stuff.  Go check it out, the place is pretty cool!
3	Good coffee, good service.  I have gone three times, and each visit has been great.  However, they are too expensive.  I am willing to pay more for quality, and I do, but they are startlingly more expensive than any other coffee shop I've been to in Phoenix.  $6 & change for a medium latte?  Serious?  That's almost $2 more than Lux, you guys.  (edit: that's before the tip! cman! by the time I leave there, I've spent the better part of 10 bucks for a medium latte! do I look like Donald Trump to you? better not.)It's really kind of outrageous.  Other than the weird location, I am sure the prices are why the place is always deadsville when I go.
4	Good coffee and tasty snacks.
1	I have been going to this place practically since it opened.  Was very intentional about continuing to go during light rail construction because it was important to me that they survive the construction and thrive as a business.However, its' been a few months since I've gone downtown and so I haven't been in.  They've remodeled, I'm not crazy about the new seating they've chosen, but that's not really that big of a deal.There were two people behind the counter, they were both standing there when I ordered a salad in a particular way because I have food related health issues. First, they took half an hour to make the salad (it was NOT busy in there!!), both of them delivered it, and the salad was made in the exactly the way that I had said not to do. I pointed that fact out, one of them said, ok, we can just take that off of there, and I said no, you can't, you have to start over. One of them brought it back to me and there was clear evidence that I'd been ignored. The second time. No apology, no following directions, completely ignored me when I suggested that when people ask for things in a specific way, it's usually for a pretty important reason. Sheesh, it's not McDonalds, they make stuff to order, they should be that much about customer service that she started over and didn't try to sneak something past me that is really important that I not eat.  I won't be going back.  This makes me sad.
1	Today I was feeling very sleepy so I sent a note to a colleague and asked if she wanted to go for coffee and she suggested FTC.  We got there and ordered our coffee and I decided to order a sandwich for my lunch later that day also.  While waiting for the coffee, the owner I can only assume stopped to talk to us. Under the cart she was pushing was a small child who reached up and essentially goosed my butt.  Not quite that far up but it was enough that I was so startled that it caused me to knock over my friend's coffee because I was just trying to stay away from this kid who more than likely would have done it again. I don't know if he thought I was his mom standing next to the cart or what, but it seriously spooked me. You just don't expect to be grabbed standing waiting for a sandwich.  Now I could forget all that if the sandwich were worth a damn, but it wasn't.  The bread was horribly dry, and dense. Someone mentioned earlier that there are no condiments, and they weren't kidding.  This sandwich was as dry as the Mohave desert.  I'd go back for coffee if it was the last place to go, but honestly for a better cup of coffee and a bite to take back to the office, Carly's or Hob Nobs is always a better option.
5	The original Fair Trade Cafe location holds a special place in my heart. I've been a loyal customer for 5 years, now, and practically nothing could change that.They always have the perfect iced tea or toddy brew coffee (for $2 or $2.50 a cup, which is definitely not bad at all), and the nearby Portland Parkway offers a beautiful outdoor seating area if theirs is already filled.Other good things include: Gluten free chocolate chip peanut butter cookies, tuna melt, electricity plugs, wonderful music variety, ice cream. Sunday brunch is also worth checking out, but I do not recommend the biscuits and gravy if you happen to be a biscuit and gravy aficionado.The only bad things: They're often busy, which is good for them, but bad for you if you need an electricity plug to charge your laptop.
4	I'm not a big coffee drinker myself - lately I have just been getting iced tea. But a little secret about this place - their gluten free chocolate chip & peanut butter cookies are TO DIE FOR. I seriously crave these little babies all the time. They are so moist, dense and sweet. They taste like cookie dough but they are entirely gluten free! I love that this place is hip and in the middle of the first friday happenings. I can walk here from my apartment, which is an added plus.Only knocking off a star because the seating options are sometimes underwhelming. Definitely more seating than Lola down the street, but sometimes the space is inefficiently used with one person per table. There is always outside seating (but it's so darn hot!)
5	Great atmosphere!! Great service!!
2	This place is rated very highly yet I think it sucks. I went in here with a few friends one night and the service was shit, slow, and it was loud and some rappers were trying to spit on the mic, they were horrible. Save your money and walk a quarter of a mile down the street and go to Lola's coffee off of roosevelt.
5	Stopped in here for the first time Wednesday morning and asked if they would make a Cafe Miel for me, a drink that wasn't on the menu.  The barista happily looked up how to make it and made it perfectly!
4	This was one of my fave places to study when I was in school. I agree with other reviewers, it's a hippy granola atmosphere. The ice tea is good. The seating is plentiful. The food is good. They once made me toast/jam (not on the menu... I had a craving for it that day.) I thought that was cool for a coffee place. The cookies are very good. And the wifi is free. And parking was no problem.
3	I really want to love this place! The location and concept are awesome- local, artsy, not-just-coffee shop. Great for a late night (or breakfast!) ice cream/gelato craving, which I have a little too often, & the peanut butter chocolate cookies are worth the trip alone. I have eaten here a couple of times, mostly because I was already there. Pretty good, local and made to order (so don't be in a hurry).However... I have yet to have a good flavored latte, and the past couple of times I have waited at least 10-15 minutes for a couple of espressos and lattes. Milkshakes can be very watery and no bueno, depending on the barista. It is also pretty noisy, and sometimes has random theatrical/musical performances. I'm all for supporting the local arts, but it doesn't make for a quiet, productive atmosphere to get hyped up on caffeine and knock out some homework. Bonus- Wifi, and the single shots of espresso are basically doubles.
4	I have to say...2nd visit, more to come.  I have now been there in the evening to work on laptop.  Great, lots of outlets and good coffee and calm atmosphere.    Today stopped in with the kiddo...good Italian sodas too!  I will say, this isn't Starbucks and it isn't the speedier place.  But that can be a nice change of pace and they have almond milk!
5	Sunday breakfasts are nostalgia and happiness all wrapped into one. This place has it.I went here this morning to treat myself to a breakfast and a coffee. I had the French press, and even though it was just a regular old coffee, it was incredible. By regular I mean non-latte or anything like that. It was honestly what heaven tastes like, one of the absolute BEST coffees I've had in phoenix since moving here, possibly the best.For breakfast I ordered the biscuits and gravy and being greedy and hungry went for the full instead of the half. I think I would have been satiated with the half though, it is rather filling.It did take a whole to come out but I was able to sit by the adorable fountain in the lovely courtyard and I barely even noticed the time lapse. The biscuits and gravy were awesome! Just enough sauce so it wasn't making the biscuits too soggy but they were still smothered. They sprinkle cinnamon on top and that enhances the flavor.The staff was friendly and the wifi was free, the ambiance was slightly hipster but very relaxing and just like a coffee shop for everyone. I will be coming back here again for sure and I think before I leave I will get another coffee to go!
4	It's a bit now expensive for the amount of drink that you get, but it's a local place I'd support over Starbucks any day. Their chai is really spicy which is a bonus since that is my favorite drink and I like it either spicy or sweet with great aromas!
5	Fair trade cafe is at the top of my list when it comes to downtown urban cafes. Their croissants have melted cheese and the perfect flavors. I watched Viviane pull the shot of espresso for my favorite iced latte and she knows what she is doing. The atmosphere is techy and business like. However it  can be a little loud depending on what time you go. Some like a loud busy place so I will still give it the full 5 stars !
4	I love the ambiance of this cafe! Fair-trade and earth-conscious in the middle of downtown Phoenix. I met with my friend here for a Iced Soy Mocha and a house salad - both were great. The house salad has a lot of dark, leafy greens - which is way better than the iceberg and croutons that you get at other places. And the soy mocha was very yummy and not too sweet. I added some clear syrup that they have on the table to get it to my liking. Overall, a great, solid cafe to try if you're in the area.
5	Stopped by for the second time yesterday on my way back home from evening errands - got a sandwich to share with my wife. Place was packed with people from 3 - 70 years old, originally- and trans-gendered, all shades of pink and brown, spread over every table inside and in both front and back patios, the three staff and proprietrix all running flat out, having a chance to catch up with a few visual and literary art friends while waiting.. There were two moms sitting across from me trying to shepherd 3 teensy ninas bursting with curiosity and energy who had me exploding in belly laughs by the time my takeout was ready - climbing up and over the couch, scrambling over the cookies on the plate, playing hide and seek with each other behind the legs of customers waiting to order, running in too many directions for the moms to follow, so one burst behind the counter as a staff member was finishing prepping her baby bottle. I suddenly realized I've been coming to this neighborhood social center across 3 decades now and never reviewed it before ... I love living where I do
5	Terrific spot with great vibe. The iced coffee is one of my favorites being cold brewed, smooth and delicious. The Americano is also fantastic if you desire a bit less caffeine.  Sandwiches are very good but the stars of the program are the pumpkin bread, banana bread, blueberry breakfast cake, and assorted pastry items!  Outstanding spot to regroup late in the day too.
5	This little coffee kitchen serves up a nice cup of joe with my breakfast veggie burrito they also make smoothies, sandwiches, salads and all organic gluten free menu! What I like is the atmosphere located at ASU downtown campus in Phoenix between central & 1st. ave which is downstairs in a little cove across from campus post office. Now the folks are very friendly here and help me with my menu selection and to make you feel at home you can eat on the couch here! I will be coming back to chill and eat!
5	Great local owned, responsibly sourced coffee and ingredients. Tried a stuffed croissant with turkey and cheddar. Got to say it was a nice surprise. Another bonus is supporting a local business.
1	I was on a team of local artists who wanted to display our art on Fair Trade's walls. Their waitresses were absolutely cold, useless, not helpful to us, and unsupportive. They did not make us feel welcome as local artists but instead pressured us to leave when we were setting up because they were cleaning and closing. I ordered food from them and their service was slow. Then they gave me the wrong dish and didn't do a thing about it, even though I was an artist. Then, when we sold a piece of art, they didn't tell us but took 20%!!! What kind of business does that without ever telling us? If we had agreed to it at the start, then ok, but this was not ok. And their manager was always too busy to talk to us, and sent us hunting around the two locations to find her to get our money. I do not support this kind of business and I recommend that if you are a local artist or support local artists, take your business to a better managed, more customer-oriented place, not a cold, rude, unfriendly place like Fair Trade.
4	This cafe is really nice and artsy. The decor is welcoming along with the chalkboard menu which is a nice touch. I'm a fan of the smoothies and hot cocoa here. The service is good but can tend to get crowded on some days.
4	The coffee is generally too hit-or-miss to draw me in, especially with Lola so close by. Both iced and hot beverages usually end up tasting watered down. Where Fair Trade excels is with their teas, snacks, and smoothies. It's also a dream for those who enjoy working from coffee shops. They kick Lola's ass in terms of table space, noise level, available outlets, and small affordable things to nibble on.They also offer some pretty good Belly deals!
5	Very convenient. Easy to find. Lots of fun hangin out here. Friendly people. And helpful.
2	You never know with this place. Today it was, "We're out of that right now." I mean, they only have two type of house coffee and one is out. The pumpkin chocolate chip cake was oily, yeah, oily and with the light coffee I settled for, it was all half and half nutmeg taste in my mouth.Oh and its also one of those places, people with no wi-fi sit around at ;)
