2	First off, I have to admit I've never purchased any weapons here, but I have infact purchased plenty of accessories, range time, and took my CCW course here. The employees have always been beyond helpful, almost seemingly bored and need something to do. They will shoot the shit with you all night if you let them. The range I actually like better than Gun Club or Caswell's. It's more managable than Gun Club, and a lot nicer than Caswell's. The range time is also very inexpensive. I once came here with my mom on a Friday night ladies night. She was able to rent a handgun and get range time complimentary, the whole night cost her only ammunition, and a sore arm... give a 56 year old woman a .40 XD and see what happens... lol. I'm giving this place two stars because of their bull crap "case your weapon" policy. Even if you are a CCW holder, they want you to unload and case your weapon. Let me ask you something... Is this to make sure that I don't rob the place? because if that were my intention, I'd ignore the sign anyway. Are they afraid I am going to try to clear the weapon in the store and accidentaly shoot someone? Then maybe make CCW holders exempt from the rule, as we are trained in proper weapons handling. I give it 4 stars if this rule were not in existence. Both Gun Club and Caswell's let you holster your weapon.
4	I frequent 3 ranges,   Ben Avery , Scottsdale Gun Club ( less and less) and  Shooter's world  were I have a membership.  Firstly the  policyo  re the cased guns is annoying but  it's not as annoying as the inability to draw from concealment  limiting your ability to practice anything practical.  That's during normal hours/ outwith of classes) The AC struggles with our weather  and  targets are static.  Apart from that it's all good.  Ladies night rocks,  free rental, range time and protection on Fridays  and it's a good way to get someone you care about to take better care of themselves.   Good choice of rental  guns   but poor choice in ammo. E.g  if you rent a 44mag then  it's overkill to hunt paper  with hunting rounds.  Staff on the whole have  been great over the last five years  and if you shoot weekly the memberships are worth it  for those on the Westside. Renewals are a bargain.    Classes good with quality instruction  and while  five stars would by SW staff  at the SGC range   I think a  four is  fair  for were they are right now
2	I've shot there a few times but usually avoid it. The biggest reason is the cased gun policy and to a lesser degree their policies on drawing.  Now before you go off on safety, I carry a loaded gun every single day of my life. There are firearms in my home. In 47 years I have never had an accident. I realize everyone who comes into a gun shop may not be proficient in safety. What bugs me is that THEY DO NOT FOLLOW THEIR OWN RULES. It's not so much about safety as it is about supremacy. Think about it, if it were truly unsafe to carry a loaded firearm outside of a case, why do they do it? Either it's safe or it's not.The range itself isn't bad. As previously stated you can not draw, and the targets are static. The A/C is really not adequate, in the summer you'll still be sweating a lot. The range has a maximum range of 25 yards (pretty sure) which is really fine for a pistol. For a new shooter it may not be a bad place to start. Rent different guns to see what you shoot well. If you rent a gun, you have to buy their ammunition, that's reasonable but their prices were a little high last time I was there. As far as safety goes, the rangemasters do keep a good watch but seem to be a little on the heavy side, they act a little holier than thou. Holdcard
3	I've been here a few times on Fridays during Ladies' Nights. All the rentals are free.. just have to pay for ammo (if you use one of their guns) & targets (if you don't bring your own). The rental selection is fairly decent. Sometimes if you get there late, it can be a bit of a wait for a lane. Have had problems getting someone to help me in the sales dept. Either they are too busy with other customers and fail to acknowledge me, or they just stare right past me into outer space while twiddling their thumbs. Location is a little sketchy and the parking lot sucks, but there's plenty of street parking.
3	anyone that knows me know's that I'm not shy around guns, and lately I've been wanting to get back into the shooting hobby.  since the economy  is hurting and we just bought a house it couldn't come at a worse time.  Fortunately full service ranges like shooters world offer affordable rentals.  I rented a Sig Sauer P226 9x19mm parabellum.  The gun performed amazingly 150 rounds downrange and only 1 malfunction which was easily cleared.  I can't quite say the same for my Wife, she wasn't sure which handgun to rent, so I suggested she rent the Sig Sauer Mosquito chambered in 22LR, which I'd been considering purchasing myself as an inexpensive target shooter.  she's not terribly versed with guns, but she's shot in the past in the desert and performed quite well despite inexperience, and did so as well tonight.  Unfortunately the Mosquito has a bit of a strong recoil spring, and with all rentals per their policy require you to use their ammunition.  unfortunately the 22LR rounds they offer don't seem to have quite enough kick to complete the cycle of ejecting the spent round and loading the next.  Almost every other round I had to assist her in clearing the weapon.  Failure to Feed, Failure to Eject, Double Feeds, Stovepipes, you name it.  Luckily one of the friendly female range officers noticed her plight tried to assist, and when I showed her what was happening and offered to exchange the rental free of charge.  After that she got a ruger mark II and had a fairly error free experience the rest of the time.The highlight of the outing was when my Father-in-law  accidentally walked out of the shooting bay with his unloaded GSG5 rifle. and when one of the range officers noticed him and warned him.  And then when he did it again and was asked to leave the range area by the range master.to be fair he was trying to teach his wife who had never shot a round in her life how to shoot, and may have been a bit distracted.  Although I'm sure it was upsetting to him, after having been formally trained by law enforcement professionals in my brief law enforcement career several years ago.  He violated safety protocols and rules set forth by the facility.  I also got warned once when placing the unloaded, slide locked back P226 back into the rental bag, the bag was about 6 inches sticking out of the back of the shooting bay.  I was warned but more politely reminded than a dressing down, and they merely recommended that in the future I bring the bag to the shooting bench for safety reasons.I know beyond a doubt that I can handle a firearm safely, but I have to understand the view of the range officer in that they don't know how versed or experienced you are so it's necessary to treat everyone as a novice to ensure a safe and fun shooting experience for everyone.  though I could see it as being offputting to someone that doesn't realize why.All in all it was a very fun experience, the Sales staff was helpful in letting me see and handle a number of firearms when I arrived before the rest of my party.  and the range was nice for a pistol range.  It's also less than 2 miles from my  workplace so I could definitely see stopping by here for an hour after a bad day.Oh and I almost forgot the clerk forgot somehow I didn't get charged for my rangetime and I still have 2  1 hour rangepasses, so I may be stopping by sooner than you think.  I know it's not something to rate a business on, but I doubt it ever upsets the customer.
4	Shooter's World is a decent range to go shooting. The staff is nice, friendly and knowledgeable. The facilities are decent and currently being renovated. We go during the week and never have a problem getting a lane. Friday night is Ladies' Night, range fees and rental fees are waived, so women only have to pay for the target and ammo. It's a great time to check it out or introduce yourself to firing a weapon. But get there early and be ready for the crowds. Needless to say, the handgun rentals go fast, so selection can be limited. The pricing is fair, from range fees to ammo, to memberships and classes.They offer a lot of courses and educational classes on site.They have a good selection of handguns and rifles, accessories, holsters, ammo, as well as other self defense products and clothing for sale. They carry most major manufacturers, like Glock, Sig Sauer, Kimber, Springfield Armory, Bushmaster, etc. The same is true for the selection of rentals.It's no Scottsdale Gun Club, but it is a good place to go. I am a member and have no complaints.
3	Signs of the apocalypse: war, famine, plagues, Melissa H at the shooting range. Yet, that is exactly where I found myself Friday evening because Friday night is apparently Ladies Night at Shooter's World. Yes, a shooting range has Ladies Night. This entails waived range fees and free rentals for ladies, so the only thing that needs to be purchased is ammo (unless you are like my husband and bring your own) and targets.When we arrived at 5 pm, there was a waiting list for a lane, but we only had to wait 10 minutes. The rental counter was short staffed - they really needed more than one person getting everyone set up and one person ringing up the orders. However, we were in no real hurry...plus the guy working was really nice and was very helpful at answering all the questions of the group next to us and helped the two ladies pick out their gun rentals. We definitely got to the range at the right time because when we left at 7 pm, there was quite a crowd waiting for lanes. Who knew Ladies Night was so popular?? There are several targets you can pick from to fire at...I stuck with the basic bullseye and a generic silhouette. But have no fear, if you are a little more "hard core", you can buy an Osama Bin Laden target to shoot at. Ahhhh, I don't think I am in Kansas anymore Toto!There are instructors that walk through the range and generously offer advice and tips. I'm not sure if there is a time limit for lane rentals, but we were there for about 90 minutes and didn't get kicked out. And have no fear, if you aren't in the market for a gun, ammo, or gun safes, Shooter's World also sells other weapons like knives! It was definitely a new experience for me...I'm happy to report that I am not a gun convert and will leave shooting to my husband.
3	I have been to Shooter's World twice now, once for a pre Valentines double date with my parents and secondly for a double date with the other Melissa H and her husband. Now before everyone starts assuming I am white trash, please understand that both ventures have been to please my father's new found gun love and my husband's itchy trigger finger. This is the only shooting range I have been to so I don't have much to compare it to. The range itself is decent. The location is indeed sketchy as everyone else has mentioned but with a Friday night Ladies night the clientele is diverse and interesting people watching. The staff behind the counter always seems a bit rushed but the people who patrol the actual range are polite and helpful- as long as you follow the rules (my father found this out the hard way). Ladies night is indeed a great deal with free rentals and lanes and I only had to pay for ammo which thankfully for my wallet I am scared of shooting anything over a .22. It is not a place I would feel comfortable going to alone, but I don't think I would be comfortable any range all by myself- unless we were under attack by zombies.
1	I've been a member at Shooters World for awhile, as friends and colleagues have brought me here in the past. I think maybe in the past it used to be a better establishment, but I don't think I'll ever patron here again. Every time I go there are rule changes for what you can and cannot due, though they are not posted, so you get a tap on your shoulder by some smuck that desires authority in life. The range itself is okay, nothing special but its not the worst place either, and if you ever get bored shooting, the unhelpful staff is there to sell you overpriced crap. If you live close and don't mind dealing with the staff, go for it, for everyone else, there are much better places on the outskirts in the desert a little ways, where you can actually practice more skills than standing w/ a pre-drawn pistol and firing at a stationary target.
4	I think that this place is awesome.  Its in what seems like a rougher side of town (I wouldn't leave anything in the car in the parking lot). and they don't want you to draw from a holster on the range (though I heard that they were changing that).  Otherwise I'm a fan!  I took my CCW course here and it was professional, serious, and fun too.  Great little indoor range with really good service.  They don't clean their rental guns very well at all which doesn't make any sense to me since its kind of a safety issue but be warned and bring your own gun! Ladies night is awesome where ladies have no range fees and free rentals on Friday Night.  Great date night!
4	My membership has expired and I haven't been in a while, but I always really liked this place.  I used to go a couple times a week, mostly in the late afternoons and was almost always surrounded by off-duty law enforcement officers (or sometimes on-duty).  This, to me, is like finding an ethnic restaurant filled mostly with people of that ethnicity.  How could it be bad?Sure enough, I've always been satisfied.  Only a couple of items make me notch it down to four stars from five.  Here's one: on ladies nights, or at other busy times, you may have to wait to get on the range (unless you have an elite membership, which I did).  And another, really just so that you know what to expect:  Shooters World specializes in self-defense hand guns, home defense shot guns, and assault rifles.  So don't expect much else in stock unless they maybe have something used. Even if you just want a basic 870 for multi-purpose use, you'd be better off at an outdoors store or Wal-Mart.  But the short-barreled modified 870?  Shooters World or bust.  Same goes for other black guns.Now back to the clear and obvious benefits of this place.  Their range is very safe, and other shooters tend to be respectful and safe as well (although I've often seen rental cars in the parking lot from Californians eager to hold assault rifles....).  Also, if you get a membership, they have great perks, like discounts and free firearms transfers.  And finally, they've always had ammo in stock.  So during that ridiculous ammo shortage last year, when I still wanted to sometimes shoot my .40 and other popular calibers, I could always buy a box at the range for a fair price.  And finally, the staff and owners are great -- they've even agreed to let us use their instruction space for a neighborhood gun club workshop.If you need a central location to shoot or just browse the inventory, this should be it.
4	Ladies Night at Shooters World--think leopard print, lace tights, and high heels.  Ok, maybe that's just my group's shooting attire. My co-workers and I started a gang (a nail polish gang).  Our usual gang activity includes things like 50 cent draft night and putting together outfits that qualify as man repellers, but we decided to switch it up and go to the shooting range.  I mean, what kind of gang would we be if we didn't know how to handle a firearm?  Even though we obviously stuck out, Shooters World made us feel right at home.  I could totally see being comfortable shooting here alone.  Heck, I may even become a regular. Plus, you can shoot zombie targets.
5	IMPORTANT: First paragraph has "NOTHING" to do with Shooters World1st paragraph, "NOTHING" to do with Shooters World:I'm in CA and I had to sell two registered assault weapon. The local CA dealer that has an AW permit that I was dealing with, was interested in buying them, but they were not very responsive to email, one of the buyers was somewhat snotty over the phone. The owner stated that I can to talk to any one of the buyers, but no one seems to know anything about my stuff, and the owner NEVER gave me a solid answer in the end, when I spoke with him over the phone, so I gave up on them.Now, this is about Shooters World:Called around the different dealers in AZ, and when I spoke with the buyer at Shooters World, he was VERY understanding, patient and nice. He told me how much he would buy my guns for, so I had the same flaky dealer from CA shipped them my guns. Once UPS delivered it to them in AZ, the buyer notified me via email that they received them and will inspect them asap, that is nice that he kept me updated. Less than a week later, he contacted me asking for my permission to close the deal and he will send me a check. I replied agreeing to it and he stated that he will send a check the next day, I got the check several days later. I don't know about the store and range, since I've only dealt with them via phone and email. But, from this experience, I can say that he was honest and sincere, a true professional that knows how to treat his customers. The other people that I've spoke with over the phone at his store, at least over the phone, they were ALL nice and never sounded snotty at all.
4	Great selection of all the stuff I need (mags, holsters, ammo, etc.). Very friendly staff. Never shot here, but here good things about it. Lots of selections to choose from.
5	Imagine a petite young girl handling a very large rifle, and you have the sum of my experiences at Shooter's World. I've taken advantage of several of their services including Ladies' Night and the CCW (Carrying Concealed Weapons) class. I really like Ladies Night because it is a cheap way to let off a little steam, if you have the proper anatomy anyways. The range fees and rental fees are waived, so all you have to pay for is ammo. I make my conservative parents proud when I bust a cap in Osama bin Laden's cardboard forehead. The CCW class is very informative, and completely unnecessary now that Senate Bill 1108 is official. The curriculum is really well-rounded; they cover gun maintenance, safety, and laws in other states. I feel a little more comfortable around guns thanks to this class.The staff is very helpful with any questions about firearms. I often feel ignorant because I am usually the only female in the building (unless it's Ladies' Night), but the staff makes me feel right at home. My only complaint: I wish they would try to find better looking concealed carrying purses.
5	Got to say my first visit to Shooters World was an all around great experience. I went with a group of my friends and the staff made us feel welcomed. I wasn't sure how a group of females would be treated, but the staff, esp Jess  was great and made us feel very welcomed. I have been back since then and will be back for ladies night!
4	Very nice facilities. Lots of room by the lanes. Good for groups.  The staff is  friendly and informative. Great retail as well. Ladies day on Fridays..(free shooting and gun rental)
4	Targets were on the pricey side but ammo was priced well, as was lane rental.I went with a group and it was Ladies Shoot Free day, so I ended up paying for the ammo and the targets only - but others paid for the lane rental.Overall, I enjoyed my time there and will likely be back again. It did get a bit crowded for me, but I can deal... it is about the guns, not the people!
5	Me and my wife started shooting at Shooter's World about a week ago on a Sunday. Great staff and helpful. I think that the membership for two persons, $400 is a great deal. We will actually do that in January. Funniest moment was when my wife asked where the restrooms were and about 5-6 employees at the same time lifted their left hands and pointed the rest room to her like they were traffic control in an airport. By the way Ward is the best gunsmith ever. We will definitely be regulars there.
1	After numerous phone calls and driving down to the store I was given horriable. Customer service. They were rude on the phone and in person. They were rude to a family member who called also. I won't give these people a dime of my money.
4	NOTE: This is the first and only shooting range I've been to, so I have nothing with which to compare my experience.THE GOOD- The prices are right. I do agree with some other reviews that the targets are a bit pricey, but you could feasibly buy these elsewhere and just bring them in if you wanted. Ladies' Shoot Free on Fridays is obviously *very* good pricing for those gun happy women out there.- The employees are very friendly and professional. I've only shot guns on two occasions - both at Shooter's World. I already feel much more experienced, and never felt "dumb" as they explained how to use and load the weapons.- Their variety is good enough, but not overwhelming.- Lane managers keep an eye out on the lanes pretty closely. They've come up to us to ask us to change something we might be doing incorrectly, and always in a firm (but friendly!) manner.THE BAD- As mentioned previously, a few items they offer are pricey (namely targets).THE UGLY- As with any shooting range, the folks shooting around you can definitely make or break a good experience. I do find that they don't space out folks very well; there will be lots of open lanes, and then lots of taken lanes bunched together. I'd feel much more comfortable having space between me and a stranger wielding a loaded weapon.BOTTOM LINE: I've been here twice, and I'm sure I'll come again. Ladies Shoot Free Fridays is just too much to resist!
3	The thing with Shooter's World Phoenix is that your experience will vary wildly depending on who is working.  I have been shooting there twice on Ladies' Day and have taken one private class and an introductory Defensive Pistol class.  I too wish these guys wore name tags.  The first time I went, the guy at the counter was so incredibly rude that I nearly walked out - but I wanted to shoot.  This was my first solo outing.  He showed me how to use the gun very quickly - snapped at me when I showed him a box of "clean' ammo I had purchased there - and told me I would have to get another box to use with the rented gun.  Now that I think of it, he acted like a cop at a traffic stop - I kept wanting to ask him, "What's the problem officer?".  I understand that shooting guns is a serious business, but knowing he had a very inexperienced shooter on his hands should have made him more thorough instead of less.  Invevitably, I jammed the gun.  Oh my goodness.  So this poor, abused, overworked guy has to come into the range and unjam my gun.  Remember potty training failures?  That is exactly how he treated me.  I might as well have pooped on the ground.  Maybe it was because it was Ladies' Day and he doesn't like the bunch of inexperienced moochers that take up his valuable time (most of the lanes were open and there weren't any people at the counter by the by).   Well, by this time I had already signed up for my Defensive Pistol intro course - I cancelled once because I didn't want to go to Shooter's World again.  I rescheduled, girded my loins, and walked back in there.  In truth, I was expecting the absolute worst - but it was not!  Chris (I believe he spends most of his time up at the Peoria location) and Mat (Matt?) - again no name tags - I guess you have take a class or ask if you want names (although after my first experience I can understand why some of these guys don't want name tags) - sorry - I digress - were awesome.  Matt helped me choose a gun to use for the course - we had to buy 100 rounds, but they told us if we didn't shoot  the second box, they would refund our money.  They are very clear in the classroom segment and patient and thorough during our range time.  I guess it is time for a new paragraph.  So, I don't know what to say, really.  I know that I am hesitant to go there because I have no idea how I am going to be treated.  I don't know these guys well enough to know who to approach and who to avoid.  It's a jungle out there!  The prices for guns are good here.  They were even better than those I found at two of the recent gun shows.  I only go on Ladies' Day (I thank you SW for that) so I don't have to pay for the lane and the gun rental.  Ammo prices are good.  The gun sales guy - tall fellow with gray/white hair is very nice.  I will take the next class in Defensive Pistol - but it is 149 bucks and I need stuff - like magazine holders and a holster and I need to figure out how I am going to carry my weapon - I will check who is teaching it before I sign up though.  I am very leery of some these guys.   Some of them are just so plain condescending and rude and others are so considerate, thorough and kind.  Name tags!!!! I want name tags!
5	The five star review is because I have yet to find a place better here in town. No only are the super close to the house, but their prices are great, their employees are nice and helpful, and we never have to wait too long. They have a huge variety of guns to rent. We are in the market to buy our first gun so we have been trying out different styles and calibers. Their staff is great in helping to explain to me the differences without making me feel like some "dumb girl". Their lanes are very comfortable, with solid walls so you aren't distracted by the person next to you. They don't always try to sell me something more than what I need when we are there. We tried to check out Scottsdale Gun Club once, and drove all the way back across town just to get away. Way too many people, not a single employee even acknowledged us the entire time we were there, and they seem to be more expensive. Also, Fridays (all day!) is ladies day.... ladies you don't have to pay for lanes or your first gun rental, thats at least $30 in savings. I haven't been able to partake in this yet, as I work doubles every Friday, but hopefully some Friday soon I can. Go to Shooters World! Get the zombie target, funny!
5	After I walked back from the range the guy at the counter said I had a glow about me...I think that pretty well describes how much I loved this place.  Decided to check this place out today because of the Ladies Shoot Free Fridays, can't really beat that kind of a deal.A friend and I walked in and while we've both shot guns before we didn't really know how to do anything besides pull the trigger and try not to hurt ourselves or anyone else.  I was a little nervous about that because I didn't want to feel stupid but I really wanted to do this.  I had nothing to worry about, the guy that helped us was totally cool and showed us absolutely everything without making us feel dumb for not knowing.We started with a 9mm handgun to get warmed up and chose the Zombie Justin Bieber for our targets.  Let's just say that Justin didn't survive...  After we finished off our boxes of ammo we decided to try something different so we decided to pull out the big guns, literally!  We knew we wanted a rifle and the guy recommended the AR15.  It was awesome!  Not too much kick but big and loud and therefore lots of fun!I have a feeling coming here on Fridays (and maybe even more) is going to become a part of my weekly routine.  It's just so much fun and great for getting out your aggression in a safe environment, kinda like fun therapy!
5	Excellent state of the art facility, and outstanding customer service.  Rarely a need to wait for a place to shoot, and range fees are reasonable.  I have also taken a few of the courses they offer and they have all been very worth while.  They have excellent NRA Certified instructors.  Great place to shoot, and a great place to shop for supplies.
4	Nice local indoor shooting range. Good customer service and the prices are fair for gun rental and range fees. On Fridays they have ladies day, so you lucky ladies get a smoking deal. They have fun targets, I recommend the Zombie version, it's fun to shoot at.
5	Love this place! When I first moved here, I went to Shooters World for my very first shooting experience with my Dad. Neither of us had ever shot handguns so we were both a bit nervous and unsure of what to expect.The guys at the range counter are awesome, they gave us a good idea of what guns to start with and showed us how to operate them. At no point did they come off judgmental or anything, they were there purely just to help out and make sure we had a good experience.Ammunition was reasonably priced, basically what you would pay when you go to Wal-Mart. They had targets, ear muffs, glasses, everything one would need for a day of shooting, all available right there. The range was clean and seemed to have enough lanes to accommodate everyone.Additionally we ended up buying handguns from them at another visit. Their employees are all no pressure, not pushy or anything. They had a pretty decent selection of guns including tactical, hunting, and pistols of all types. They helped us make a good informed decision, and even let us take a rental of the same gun and shoot it at no charge so we could make sure it was the right gun for us.Bottom line, if you are new to shooting and are not sure how to go about it, or if you are a seasoned veteran and you want a good range to go to, this is the right place to be.
5	Best place ever to learn to shoot. The whole staff is amazing and I always leave in a better mood than I arrived!
5	Went there today and got a new Galco holster. LEFT HANDED !!! I've been searching the planet for something I could use and found nothing.These folks had a large stock and had exactly what I was looking for. Friendly helpful staff.Just one more comment...    PLEASE OPEN A STORE IN TUCSON !!!!  :)
4	When a co-worker whose generally tame and straight edge demeanor lets loose and decides to take me, his visiting co-worker to blow off some steam I naturally was thinking bar, maybe seedy club, but a shooting range? I have a much greater respect for him. Anyman who shoots and respects firearms is class A in my book. Being from California our gun laws a tougher so it was a nice refresher to have some relaxed restrictions. Still well within safety and reason the vibe here is more of the common sense common man versus paranoid radical people often think of gun enthusiasts. I felt pretty bad ass shooting in a business suit. Very FBI/Secret Serviceman style. We rented a revolver which made us use store reloads, which is fine since it's their gun and don't want hot loads going through it all day. I was also able to shoot a hunting rifle and a 1911, both personal's of my co-worker. The staff definitely was helpful because although I understand gun safety I'm used some laws of California. As far as in the range and on the line almost everything is standard, but they have the metal plating between and all around the lanes which gives it a kind of modern feel. I actually thought they did a pretty good overall job on the sound proofing, except at the very end. I wasn't a fan of the 2 couples taking instagram pictures posing. Though I could tell their guns were unloaded because I was close to them the range master likely could not and would not approve. Prices were cheaper than expected for the rental and the lane, apparently they have ladies night on Fridays. Though they have the standard selection of targets I was glad to know many could be downloaded for free. I found inconsistency in the factory reloads, all of them felt a little weak except for 1 hot round. Brass was fine and loaded/fired easily. I know some ranges really stretch the limits of # of reloads. It was clean, pretty quiet for a range, a little cheaper than most, good selection and service. This was closer to our office, but I was told the Scottsdale Gun Club is where the real magic happens. I was impressed at their selection of accessories. Though I don't plan on being out here much as this was kind of an impromptu emergency visit I would come back if I was in the area.
3	I shot here once a few months ago with no problem. The employee who helped me was great, because it was the first time I'd shot in a while. I rented a Smith & Wesson 9mm and bought a box of ammo. Had a fun time after I got the hang of it again. From the looks of my target, you'd never know it had been that long since I'd handled a shootin' iron -- dang fine shooting, if I say so myself.They have eye- and earwear for rent, along with firearms. Various random gear is for sale in the shop. I didn't experience an issue with the temperature on the range; it seemed fine to me.  Where they lose two stars: an apparently new policy of no longer renting to single customers -- you must have a buddy with you, or no shootin' for you. Not cool. The only explanation I got was, "It's safer that way."  Heh??  Even if I do find a firing friend, I'm taking my business elsewhere for that.
5	Yes, we shot our brains out.  We tried 3 different guns and had fun with all of them.  The people that work there are very knowledgeable willing to help which I appreciated since we are novice shooters.  They also have a great selection of guns for sale as well as gear and equipment.  Going to shoot for the first time can be a bit intimidating especially if you don't know what questions to ask.  I have been shooting shotguns for a few years now and am just getting into hand guns.  I don't know what I'm doing yet so I really like that they have every class you could want to learn what to do.  Everything from CCW classes to how to fight in the dark.  Love this place and would recommend it to anyone.
4	Pretty far from my house, but I love this place.  Great staff, informative classes and ladies day on Fridays!
5	The staff was excellent, Jeremy was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  That have a good selection of accessories and can be a real one stop shop for all your gun/rifle needs.  The range was nice and well lit.  My one and only concern in the range was a bit warm probably in the mid 80s (112 outside).  It's better then being in the desert but please turn up the AC.  I don't want to sweat while I'm at the range, it's not Iraq!
4	I just competed the Defensive Pistol 1 class. It was overall a very good class. The instructors were very helpful and not condescending at all. They helped those that needed help and mostly left the others alone to self diagnose their weaknesses, but stepped in when they saw repeated mistakes. I used a rigid inside the waistband holster instead of an OWB one because that is how I carry and I wanted to train with the equipment I am actually going to use. They didn't give me any grief, which I really appreciated. They only made note of a few additional safety notes that I had to take into consideration. The only criticism I have for this course is there was a point where we sat telling war stories from previous encounters the instructors (off duty police) had to deal with. I recognize the value of adding a real situation to the training, but sitting for 30-45 minutes just telling stories was a waste of my money. That time could have been better spent doing dry runs or live fire.I learned a lot of techniques, but most importantly I learned new ways to train that I am going to continue while shooting on my own.
4	Great place to go shooting in Central Phoenix.  The prices are pretty fair here and they have a fantastic gunsmith.  I have shot here a few times and there is a ton of rental guns for trying out new weapons.  Take your wife or daughter on Fridays and you can rent as many guns as you like for free and you shoot for free.  When i needed a trigger job done to my XDM they gave me the best price to take care of it.  Great customer service and very helpful.
5	I have been a Shooter's World Phoenix customer for about four years and during that time I have enjoyed taking classes there, using their shooting range, and shopping at their retail store. The customer service is very good, and they treat you like a valued customer, not like an interruption of an Angry Birds marathon.I think it is great when things go smoothly, it's somewhat easy for a good place to continue on the right path, but the true test is what happens when the road gets bumpy. On a recent trip to Shooter's World, I had a very disappointing experience, and shared that here. While the customer service was on-point as usual, a rule was applied which I felt was inappropriate for the circumstances, however I didn't have any recourse at the time, or anyone who I could discuss the issue with further. A few days after the incident, a very kind and concerned owner, Lisa, reached out to me and inquired about what had happened, and she apologized profusely. Lisa explained that there was some confusion about when and why policies are enforced, and in my case an error was made. Lisa was extremely kind and helpful, in an attempt to problem solve and correct a hiccup. I was very appreciative of her time and interest in correcting a situation which she had no part in making.We all have off days, and any industry is susceptible to that. I only wish every business was run like Shooter's World, where if a mistake happens, it is owned, corrected, and a win-win situation is developed for all. It really meant a lot to me and my guest that day, and I look forward to many years of loyal patronage to Shooter's World Phoenix. If you want to check out a comfortable, non-stuffy place to enjoy shooting sports, I think you owe it to yourself to check out Shooter's World Phx!
2	Customer service was great. However, their indoor range is terribly ventilated, and is EXTREMELY HUMID. The humidity inside the range sucks all the enjoyment out of the experience. I kept having to wipe condensation off my scope, my glasses, to no avail. I wasn't sweaty at all, it isn't hot in there by any means, nor did I even stay that long. The moment you step inside the range you feel the stickiness on you. When you leave your clothes feel damp, as if you pulled them out of the dryer a little bit early.If they could fix their humidity problem I would rate them higher. If you were looking for a good gun store and gun smith, Shooter's world is a great place to go. If you are going soley for the indoor range I would advise going elsewhere. The Peoria location is better in this regard.If they could fix the ventilation/humidity issue in their range I would give them a four. Since the reason I would drive down there is to use the range and it is so uncomfortable I had to lower it.
5	Had never been to shooters world before, I usually shoot up in Scottsdale but was happy with this range. Very clean facility with lots of ranges. Friday is ladies day, will deff be coming back here again.
5	This is my favorite indoor range in the Phoenix area; all of the sales staff and range staff are extremely helpful and nice. Some people have stated that the gun, ammo, and accessory prices are high; however, I think the prices are fair if you factor in the good customer service and knowledgeable staff.
4	Pricing wasn't bad at all,  because it was ladies night.  Shooters world is relatively close to our house.  My Wife  has been wanting to go shooting for a while now.  Being that it was Valentines Day and we've done all of the commercial events over the years, I thought to break up the mundane. It was ladies night, so we only paid for my weapon rental and both of our ammo.  It was a great hour spent hitting our targets and learning about gun safety.  My only con is that the customer service isn't the best.  When our time was done instead of politely communicating that... this guy basically told us to leave. "Your hour is up, Y'all need to hurry up or pay for another hour" We were already packed up with case's in hand. Which is why is comment was confusing. Other than that, it was a great time!  We'll definitely go back!
5	I have been coming here for at least 20 years.  I know that because this was where I took my CCW class in 1994 just after Gov. Symington signed it into law.  I remember this place when it was wall to wall firearms and at one point open 24 hours a day. Jam packed with the stuff.. it was a sight to behold.  Kind of like a firearms Mecca.  Every firearm aficionado had to make their pilgrimage.  It was glorious.  Short lived, but glorious.  Fast forward to 2014.  Still a great place!  The people who work here are professional and knowledgable.  I have never had a bad experience with anyone here. Just very nice people from start to finish.The selection of firearms is good.  The prices are also good...and even better if you are a member...which I highly recommend for all it's other benefits as well.  Shooters World has a great selection of classes of all types.  Something for everyone it seems.  Friday is ladies night.  It is a zoo!  I mostly go to use the range these days.  They have plenty of lanes and a dedicated section for long guns.  It can be very busy as they also rent all kinds of pistols and rifles. It's very cool to see folks from out of town... or even better.... foreign visitors enjoying their 1st encounter with the 2nd amendment.  We are lucky to live in one of the free states. I take people here frequently, including some who have never held a firearm. Even those who are initially very nervous or even scared quickly change and relax and it's like you opened up a whole new world to them.  That's almost as much fun as shooting right there.  Almost. The lanes are good but would benefit from some modernization.  In comparison to the newer venues in town the lanes are kinda beat up and in need of updating. The ventilation and cooling are also a bit dodgy at times.  All in all, I have nothing but high praise for Shooters World.  I wish them continued success and pray nightly that they will open a place on the east side of town.
3	Was my first time shooting....had to give it 3/5 being that did not own my own......I couldn't go #HAM
5	Plenty of available lanes and humorous targets to choose from. Lanes are fairly cheap if you bring ALL your gear. Ammo, eyes, ears, firearms. Otherwise; Bring a wad of cash. It's expensive; especially the ammo and if you rent / purchase your firearm there.
4	I've been coming here for a couple of years. I've bought three pistols, a metric crapload of AR mags, and other gear and goodies. I'm on the range once per week (wish it could be more often, but LOL $AMMO$). I sprung (springed? sprang?) for the annual membership and very glad I did - free range time and discounts on everything more than makes up for the cost, plus there's the annual member's day.The service is always excellent, whether people are stacked up three deep waiting to shoot on Friday night or the place is deserted. The range guys know their stuff and will happily discuss the innermost secrets of pretty much any gun.The target holders are pretty badly beat up (FFS, people, watch where you're shooting, and if you don't know how to aim, ASK SOMEONE) and in need of overhaul. The ventilation system is usually very good but very occasionally stops running; when it does, management is on it immediately.The classes are top-notch, with some of the best instructors I've ever dealt with. If you're serious about wanting to be a better shooter, this is where you want to go.ETA: I see a lot of people complaining that they weren't allowed to rent guns solo. There's a good reason for this policy, and it's not exclusive to Shooter's World. Feel free to PM me if you want the explanation (note, I don't represent SW or any other shop; I've simply been a shooter for a very long time and have seen a LOT).
5	Took one of the evening courses at the Phoenix location. I don't see how it could have been better. Could've done without some of the distracting class participants not wanting to take instruction. I just wanted to turn to them and say why exactly did you sign up again? Despite this, my instructor maintained the highest level of professionalism and managed to cover all the the material. Anway, instructor was great and I really enjoyed the class.
4	What better way to celebrate my new residency here in AZ and fourth of July than heading to the gun range with my family.With a father whose been to gun ranges before, brother's interest in airsoft and my mother and I's lack in anything gun related- let alone having experience touching one Shooter's World made the experience enjoyable for our differences in experience.Since it was Friday, they had specials for ladies- meaning free rentals, just pay for ammo. We got a run through with gun safety and picked out our guns. We were shown how to load our firearms and it was direct and easy to learn. My father and brother decided on the Daniel Defense AR (5.56 x 30rd PMAG Eotech) then tried out my gun of choice a S&W M&P 9mm. For 3 people- including me with free rental the cost was about $80-90 with ammo for both firearms.Eyewear, hearing protection and many lanes made the experience feel a lot more safe along with a monitor patrolling the lanes to make sure everything is going well. There are also two sets of doors for added safety.The only con was probably having the handgun jam up on me a couple times, having me to check the ammo every time it did jam. However that could just be a fault on my part. All in all, I can't wait to come back for ladies night on Friday's and try out their other firearms.
5	Still a great place to bring your guns / rifles to practice, practice and more practice. Make sure to bring proper eye and hearing protection as this will also save you money. Lanes are cheap. Plenty of range officers are on duty ; ) They keep everyone safe. This is especially important when there is a first time shooter on the range with no formal weapons training. Don't complain about the temp on the lanes either. Some are cool. Some are warm. There is plenty of ventilation to suck out the particulates. You are there to practice and train. Not to be comfortable.
5	It was my first shooting experience..we went on Friday and guess what they have ladies night - which means that I needed only to pay for the bullets and I got a choice of free exchange of the gun. They have earplugs, glasses, lots of guns to choose from and very friendly staff. My first shooting experience wasn't the best one..I didn't really enjoy the guns and the noise..one of the staff suggested that I should try a smaller caliber..I said ..no problem as long as it doesn't make any noise when you are shooting..unfortunately it is not possible..but still they try to accommodate your needs. Friday before flying back home we decided to try again and this time there was a very nice lady helping me with a good selection of the gun. She said that even her 9 year old daughter could shoot with that one..ah ok...I am a bit more than 9, but I guess that shooting is not in my genes, however I enjoyed the rifle she suggested and did 500% more shooting than the first time..If we are ever in Phoenix area we will definitely go back there for sure.
5	Professional, safe, and clean shooting range.I've been coming here with my dad for a few years now, and it's always been a great experience. It only takes a few minutes to get set up with everything to rent time in a lane, and the service is always great! You can rent many different guns or bring your own, and they have many different targets for purchase which can be fun. I usually get the typical silhouette, but every now and then the zombie target can be fun.   They also have Ladies nights (I think on Tuesdays) when women can rent lanes at a discounted price.
5	I had a great experience here tonight. Went for ladies night with 3 other girls. TwoHad never shot a gun before. We got a safety demo, rented guns and had great convo with several of the staff members. Then the gentleman inside the range helped us girls out several times. It was awesome to get a discount from ladies night also.
