4	Gerry McCambridge as "The Mentalist" is a unique show where he uses his 'sixth sense' to read you minds.  Audience participation is expected, rather required at his show.  In a series of exercises, he'll random read the minds of various audience members and will have you guessing, "How did he do it?"  Because the show reflects the energy of the audience, each show will be different.His 70 minute show is entertaining and will impress just about anyone without it being over the top.  He performs Monday and Tuesday nights at 8pm and Saturday and Sunday nights at 6 pm.  Tickets cost $36.95/per person.
4	This show was extrmely funny. Gerry McCambridge was extremly witty and funny. He played of a series of games with audience memberes. A member of our party was chosen to particpate in one of his excerises and had a lot of fun. This show is a cross between magic, physic, and comedy. I would definately recommend anyone check out this show when in town.
4	My wife is still convinced that everyone who was a volunteer on the show was a hired hand but there's no way he could've pulled off some of the tricks he did even with help!  I guess this means we have to go back and see it again.  Gerry was very entertaining and it was quite amazing the kind of information he was able to pull out of people.  Why is this guy stuck at a bar in Hooters?
3	He is at Hooters now!   I came to see him on Monday night with some friends.  He pretty much makes most of the guest part of the show and I was no exception being pull up on stage in the first 5 minutes but I was with 2 friends so it wasn't that bad.He guesses things which seem impossible for him to know like peoples first, last and middle name.  Your first crush...he had a TV show at one time.
5	I dont know if this is real, but it sure made it look believeable! Gerry really messes with you by saying he can read your mind and has EVERYONE in the audience participate by writing some info on a piece of paper and he'll randomly pick one out and guess things only that person would know.Plus, he'd do things like duct tape half dollars over his eyes to ensure no chance of peekage and still manage to get information on people.My husband and I were really entertained :o)
5	So badass!!! This show is kinda short but only cuz I wanna keep seein' this dude do his thing. It's fake, it's real, a trick whatever!! Just scope it out and have a good time
3	Despite giving this 3 stars, the show really is incredible!  Watching someone read others minds...well you don't see that everyday! I have a few minor things about the show that I didn't like...1) The venue could have been a lot better...It could have been a lot more intimate 2) It was fairly short...an hour? 3) I wish he would have shown more hype...was lacking a little bitThis isn't something I would return to, but definitely awesome to see him work his magic.  Great job Gerry!
4	This show is one of those times when you will walk away scratching your head asking "how did he do that". The Mentalist is a favorite show for some of my out of town guests, and it is always one we recommend to the 21+ crowd of guests. I saw Gerry right before he moved from Hooters to the V Theater at Planet Hollywood, but I hear his show has only gotten better. Unlike some of the other shows on the strip, this show is very interactive as the Mentalist solicits information from all of the audience before the show. There are also multiple chances for audience members to go up to the stage and participate in his experiences. Planet Hollywood is a good place to see a show as the theater is the Miracle Mile shops, and parking is very easy. Its a good option for a date or as a start for the night on the town. Check out the Mentalist's website for cheaper tickets and always call ahead to see if he has any deals going on.
4	Great show.He keep you engaged with interesting demonstrations and dialogues.
4	The ticket price was not expensive, we actually ended up getting tickets with a free drink attached to it.  Entertaining show. He keeps the audience engaged.  I was impressed, I'm happy I caught this show. Check it out if you're in Vegas.
4	We got almost free tickets to his show at Hooter's a few years ago. I think all we had to do was buy a drink maybe? Anyway it was worth more than we paid for. Entertaining show, I'm not sure how he did some of the tricks in his act. There was one where people from the audience threw numbered Nerf balls into baskets and he got the order 100% right. I was impressed! He did photos and autograph's after the show which was nice.
4	This was a great show. Very entertaining with big audience participation. The venue isn't too big, which makes the experience even more intense.  The mind reading tricks were good and he even explained his first trick.
3	We got "free" tickets online to Gerry's (JERRY) show.  We had to buy a drink...paperwork says $10 HOWEVER with taxes the show will cost you $15.00 each for an hour show.  Audience Participation needed for great show.  Didn't need to use some of his poor language to be funny.  All ages over 16. Entertaining show, worth more than we paid, All 3 of us impressed!
5	Start off by saying I would give it 4.5, but 4 just doesn't cut it. 5 it is. My bf, his mum, stepdad, and I came to this show thinking hey whatever it's cheap. We had those vouchers for "free tickets" when you buy a ten dollar drink (taxes not included). Being that we go to Vegas at least once a year, we anticipated about 15 dollars a person, which was dead on. The drink: basically a soda. To upgrade to a beer or a fruity drink is two bucks. You decide if it's worth it or not. 15 dollars for this show, though, is a STEAL. Definitely would go see it again. From reading past reviews it sounds like he's really upped his game. (The instructions for the card thing are very explicit and are displayed on the monitors up front.) Every trick he does is completely amazing... so amazing I pretty much just want to say go see for yourself so as not to ruin anything. So here it is: go see Gerry at the v theater for yourself. You will not be disappointed. Under-appreciated genius who's spotlight is stolen by Holly Madison's peepshow junk combined with stripper 101. Deserves the big theater. If PH hyped him up a little more, they could make BANK off this guy.
4	Very entertaining.  Lots of audience engagement.  Get 2 free tix by going to mentalist.com and clicking on "las vegas" link and signing up for his newsletter
4	I liked this show, but his best trick, by far, is making "free" tickets cost $15 each. Google him to get a voucher for the "free"  tickets. You might also get lucky and get them by standing outside the V theater box office near starting time. They were giving tickets away to some other show when we were in line. There was a lot of audience participation, which I liked. I think he was pretty entertaining. It was interesting, though I suspect how he did a couple of his tricks and some of them were *too* good to be real. He asserted his psychic prowess a bit too often. Compared to a lot of shows, this was a good value. At the end, I was disappointed, though: he sells dvds after the show. With 6 or so audience members waiting, all of the sudden he started chatting with someone he knew, pulling her away from the table and completely unconcerned with the people waiting. I would've bought a dvd if he hadn't have been so rude. My friend left a $20 on the table and took a dvd, but I'm not going to support that kind of treatment when the show wasn't *that* good. I think he could take a couple of lessons from Penn and Teller.
4	Very entertaining, Funny and you'll scratch you're head and thinkin how the hell did he do that... Until today I'm still thinking how did he guess the guest names and stuff about them. Again worth the money!
5	I said it once, and I'll say it again! The Mentalist is scary good!  I found myself hiding my face in my husband's shirt on one of his bits...and was surprised to find him still alive afterwards! Funny, hip and well worth the less than average cost of a great Las Vegas Strip show, do yourself a favor and catch this one!  He will blow your mind.
4	Great show with a lot of humor. I am not a musical person so I decided to go to this show. You will be laughing all the time. The show is around 1 and half hour. Gerry does around 4-5 tricks and they are all pretty good. Try to think and see how he does them. It's fun.
4	Show was fun audience involvement was fun i laughed alot free tix on his website
2	The show was worth the price, unfortunately the price was free,  This show will catch your attention for awhile but progressively fades away with parlor like tricks and a sales pitch, if you are into his tv show you may enjoy this.  Honestly not the worst ive seen but will not get me to go back
5	I saw this show a month or two ago before I started yelping, but I decided I would still write a review for it! I honestly loved it! I've seen shows like this before with mind tricks and acts that leaving you wondering how that's even possible, but this show kept my interest the whole time.My friend was a volunteer on stage and that definitely makes it more fun when someone you know is part of it! The show is regularly priced at $37 and lasts a little more than hour; I think it's well worth the money and time.He was nominated the "Best Magician in Las Vegas" and I can see why! He is full of talent and enthusiasm, he just might give some of these other magicians a run for their money.
4	Excellent show, great tricks and funny performer. If your a local sign up on showtickets4locals.com and you can get free tickets just have to pay a $5 tax and mandatory purchase of one drink. Definitely volunteer and don't be shy you won't get embarrassed or anything. Small theatre so every seat is a good seat. Like most shows they do not allow outside drinks, so I had to down mine just before we got in, but it's ok it made everything more fun. My wife and I would definitely go back and bring some friends
1	I'm really glad these tickets were free because I knew it was a dud the first 10 minutes of him going on and on just talking about the whole 'mentalist' background. This show couldn't have been over soon enough, a real disappointment and not at all entertaining. Skip it!
5	Amazing show! We walked away still having no idea how Gerry does what he does, but we were absolutely astounded at his abilities. After every routine it was almost dead silent in the theater as people were dumbfounded by what was going on. I loved every minute of it, and was quite happy to have seen the show!
4	I have mixed feelings about this show..I paid $25 for it using the yelp deal so I won't complain too much.The acts were pretty amazing, I still can't figure out how he does it.  A very interesting concept.  But Gerry, may need some anger management.  He called out an audience member by beginning with the F-word and ending with a B-word.  I think everyone in the audience "tried" to laugh it off..but it was really a tasteless thing for him to do.  His last act was very dark.... it was putting everyone on the edge of their seats.  I thought that particular act was pretty unnecessary.  I didn't really enjoy it.  I came to see him do something amazing, not scare me shit-less.  I will still recommend people to go see it though!
3	Was a good show, funny guy, he only did about four stunts to prove his skill, talked the rest of the time.  The things he did made you wonder how he knew that.  At the end of the show he told the whole audience winning lottery numbers.  Well lets see who plays them in what state and wins.  Lol.  Don't think I would go back, but that's the kind of person I am, once something is done I do not repeat.  Time to move on.
4	I really enjoyed this show.  I have seen it 3 times and it blows my mind every time!  I am a local and have seen almost all of the shows in town and let me tell you, I like this one more than a lot of the $100+ ticketed shows out there.  The price is really good since there are coupons everywhere, even on Yelp I see.  I have seen prices at about $15, which is what you pay for a movie at most places.  The show is very interactive and chances are you or someone you are with will get called upon to be a part of the show.  I don't want to say too much about the show, because it is one you just have to see, but some of the tricks, like the phone number/book one will blow your mind.  I have no clue how Gerry McCambridge does what he does, but WOW!  If you want something to do for an evening that won't cost as much as a mortgage payment, check out The Mentalist.
5	honestly a very good show, worth every penny i spent on the deal
3	We had a deal where we got two tickets for $25. If we had paid more it wouldn't have been worth it. I had seen him for free when he came to my college several years ago but my husband wanted to see the show. It was entertaining but pretty low budget. While he never called on me or my husband, be prepared to be called on for assistance.
4	Amazing feats that I really can't figure out how he was able to accomplish.  Very entertaining.
1	The check in process took way too long which caused us to miss the show. The show itself was fine, but not worth more than 10 dollars.
3	Interesting tricks, but not always entertaining. Tries to rush through the show to be able to sell his DVDs.
5	Show itself was fun. I'm usually not big into audience participation but everyone gets involved on some level and it turned out to be quite entertaining. The line for the box office at Planet Hollywood can be slow (we have experienced this a few times before) so I would leave time to pay for/pick up tickets so you aren't late to the show. Small theatre but for this type of show it was fine. Gerry is entertaining and good at what he does. We had a nice time for sure.
5	it really is mind boggoling how he does some of those things, are they set up tricks or whaaaat? anyways, he was fairly funny and a great host. I'll definitely need to come back with some other friends.
5	Gerry's talent is something that has to be seen to believe. Highly suggest getting tickets if you're looking for a value show instead of the expensive ones.
2	Though the show was ok, didn't like how he called a lady in the audience a "b**ch" when she asked him to guess her name.  Uncalled for.  Still not sure if the people he chose were plants or not.  We paid $18 on Groupon, that is all it is worth.
4	Pretty cool Vegas show! I don't want to give away much of the show but this guy is borderline scary. He can get in your head and guess what you are thinking about. The theater didn't seem very big and Gerry interacts with the crowd throughout the show. Great for families as well.My only tip is that if you don't buy the VIP seats show up about 40-45 min early to snag a good seat for the show. It is worth it.
5	I really enjoyed the show. He is obviously talented at his craft. I am surprised he hasnt moved to a bigger venue. I think with more exposer and the right marketing team he could be something really great. Glad I went!
4	It was a good show. My wife and I liked it. I dont know how he does what he does but it is very interesting. I dont think it is the best show. but it was entertaining to me. I probably like it more because i got free tickets off his website when i went. I paid 20 to be up front. He is talented. I dont watch the tv show but i liked this one.
5	Gerry Cambridge was fantastic and as other reviewers have stated, scary. I have no idea how he knew the things he did. He even knew about a conversation I had earlier in the evening that was random and happened well before the show. The whole thing is mind blowing and very entertaining.   Highly recommend. Good Vegas fun.
4	Great Show!I got tickets through Travelzoo for 50% off.  Then upgraded to VIP tickets for $10 more we ended up with front row center tickets. Great show really funny and knows things that blew some of the audiences mind! I would definitely recommend going to this show and the price is right for 90 minutes if great entertainment.
4	Cheesy but entertaining. Not for skeptics like me. Still trying to figure out how the heck he did all that!!!
5	This was really a fun show.  A combination of mind reading, logic, and magic.  As others have noted, it would kill the fun to reveal specifics about what occurs but it's not far from the truth to say that you will get your mind blown at least once during the show.Volunteer at the very beginning for some rather benign exercises and you will be "safe" for the rest of the show.  If you don't, everyone is fair game since it's hard to "un-volunteer" yourself after everyone looks at you and claps.But even the later volunteers have fun as they are freaking out.A few things for sale at the end of the show but you can take a picture even if you don't buy anything.  Kudos to Gerry for that (though I did buy a DVD on my way out).
1	Don't bother. Take a lighter and burn your money right in front of you and you will have more fun than giving it to this guy. He spends most of the time promoting his DVD and resume. My 15 year old son was in shock when the show finished. "That's it?" he said. What a joke.
3	The show took only a little over an hour.  The tricks, while good, had quite a bit of lead time, so not many were able to be performed during that time.  While the theater provided crowd intimacy, the seats were uncomfortable.
5	When we booked this show, I told my friends that I won't believe any of it unless one of us gets called on... and one of us did! I don't want to give any of his tricks away, but his magical powers are amazingly cool. We sat there like O_O most of the show since we were just blown away by what he was doing. Yes, some of the parts were really gimicky and him trying to sell his show, but hey, he does some cool stuff.One tip I have is to pay the extra $5-6 for VIP seating. You don't have to push in line and you have a seat reserved for you. Best decision we made.Would I go back? Yes! I would love to take my parents to see this show!
3	I didn't really know what to expect. Gerry is a cool guy. Like someone I would want to have dinner with. The show at times I feel like had a lot of filler talk and I got bored. I for called out for the index cars trick and was pretty impressed. The tricks were well done. I think the pacing could be fine tuned a bit and maybe put some hot chicks on stage as assistants. Lol.
4	Impressive. Language was off color. Not for the family.
2	Not for the family. A lot of language. His tricks were pretty cool but he also promoted his DVD a lot.
3	I don't know. The show was ok, but I felt something was missing ............. ummmm, maybe it's little too short,  no climax, no true ending as the show just ..... ended.I thought this is a kid-friendly show, but this guy had too many dirty jokes. Yes we're in Vegas but still.
5	The show was amazing! I loved it. Gerry is very talented and unbelievable. It's totally worth it to pay the extra $20 to get VIP seats (first row). He selects the majority of his volunteers from the front row (which I didn't know at first). I was in the front row, and I was actually regretting it because I'm terribly shy. I was hoping & praying he wouldn't pick me, but he did lol... and he was able to guess a lot of personal things about me.. I was very impressed! The show was totally worth it, and I'll definitely be back again in the future.
1	He did maybe 4 or 5 boring tricks. Most of the show was spent talking about himself and trying to sell his DVD/book.  He was pretty douchey and was a bit insulting to the audience.  His show was very obviously fake. And I'm okay with that as long as it's entertaining but this was just boring....and that lottery number bit was bull because if he could guess lottery numbers I don't think he would be in some rinky-dink mall show with half of the already little seats still empty.  I'm also pretty sure there are a lot of fake or outdated reviews on this yelp.Don't waste your time and money on this show.
4	Impressive.  Sat in front row and although normally skeptic I can't explain how he does it. Very interesting person. Not your usual magic.
5	I swear Gerry is a f*&$kin wizard. He really did blow my mind. The show itself was great and he's pretty funny. He also almost made some lady cry when he started reading her mind, but it was good for her. He didn't need much props or production but if he did this would be a next level show.
4	This was our second visit to the show, and we enjoyed more this time. After the first show, we thought we figured some of his tricks out, but after paying more close attention to it this time, we decided that we do not know how he does that trick.We went with our adult children and they had the great time.
4	Cool Show! Due to his "abilities" He made a lady in the audience cry and made us the weak girls tear up lol. He told her that her new partner and her would have babies in the future together. This made a huge impact on the girl and the news filled her with emotions. He has several acts that I like but I do not want to spoil it with detail. I enjoyed the drawing part, the basketball part, but most of all the nail gun act!! Whether he was for real or not it was a great show. . . Just be prepared to listen because he does a lot of talking!
4	Surprisingly good. I thought it would be pretty boring, but he does know how to play the audience to surprise us and make us laugh, great theatrical education pays off. I do not like the 2nd half which too much time spent on the nail gun and the rest seems to be just wasting time, the show is made unnecessarily longer than it should have been.
3	He is very talented and funny, but some of his "edgy" jokes make it not as family friendly as it could be.   (PG-13) Really not necessary to make for a great act.  I think he feels like he needs it for Vegas... he even made a comment to that point, but really he could have kept the act totally clean, and it would have been just as fun.  Overall entertaining show.  The Paranormal Mentalist show at Bally's was a little simpler with less props, but I thought it was a little better for the kids.
